this, so Dean let him go.
Dean sat in the alley for hours, long after Benny left him alone. It wasn’t until the sun rose once again that he hauled himself to his feet. Fury spread through every nook and cranny of his body, from his gut to his fingertips, and he decided to break into the house of the saloon owner, shaking him awake and demanding to know where they went. It was rude and unlikely to get him an accurate answer, he knew that, but he could feel himself regressing to the
On karaoke nights, people pack themselves into nearly every inch of the place, all talking over one another but still not quite loud enough to be heard over whoever belts out a drunken one-hit-wonder into the air, voice amplified by the design of the room. Despite how guilty he feels every time, Dean’s forced to call in a couple extra hands to help manage the sheer size of the crowd - he can’t wait twenty packed tables on his own. Not easily anyway. Not even in Heaven. Especially not when someone, usually Benny, talks him into having a few beers himself just to turn around and make him go sing something onstage. It doesn’t happen very often, but he’s grateful for whoever covers for him when it does. Tonight, it’s Cassie.
“Where. Is. He,” Dean growled, inching closer, a knife clutched tightly in his fist.
All Dean wanted was to get him out, to get him to see that he
“Well then,” Dean huffed, slowing Baby to a trot. Castiel kept on ahead before disappearing for a moment, then returned into view without his horse. Dean figured there was a stable up ahead, too. That was a really good thing; Baby could use a good night’s rest just as much as he could.
but for all they called the Men of Letters glorified librarians, they still sucked at collecting the right books, too. At some point, maybe a little after eleven, Sam called it a night and told Dean he should get some rest. Dean just waved him off, knowing full well there’d be no sleep for him even if he tried. Might as well use his restlessness for good right? After all, they’ve got work to do.
“Ooh, we’re threatening violence in a house of God, I see! You really do live up to your reputation, I must say, Mr. Winchester.” Zachariah looked for all the world as if he truly was getting a kick out of the conversation.
“Dean,” Castiel whispered, voice even lower than usual, breathing unsteady. Maybe he wouldn’t need to use the excuse at all. “What are you doing?”
Years down the line, a curly haired, fiery woman walks into the bar. The lighting casts her in shadow, but Dean recognizes her immediately. “Cassie? What’re you doing at Rocky’s?” Dean calls from his place behind the bar. (A bar, I may add, that Dean cleans thoroughly at least twice a day. Cas tells him to stop being such a hardass and Dean tells him to shut up because he’s never had his own saloon before and he wants to do everything in his power to keep it in tiptop shape.)
He paid for Sam’s college anyways.
Forehead bouncing against the back of whoever sat in front of him, Dean blinked his way back into consciousness. Through the blinding sunlight and nagging headache, he realized it was
There was a fight, though, that night he left. John didn’t take so well to the idea of Sam leaving and
“No, Cas, they’re your
He shook his head slightly, trying to clear the thoughts from his mind, the same thoughts that plagued him since the moment Cas told him,
“Her name’s ‘Cas’? Really?”
headquarters, for fuck’s sake. They slept together once but that was a one time deal and Cas was gone and Dean had a chance to escape that he absolutely should take.
“You didn’t want to lose me,” Cas huffed, as if he didn’t
What with the impending chill brought forth by the evening, the incredibly distracting display of nudity actually didn’t last all that long. Soon enough, Dean found himself dressing quickly beside Cas. They worked swiftly to get a fire going, and huddled close beside it as soon as they were done. Dean stretched out his legs and Cas, in his semi conscious state, laid his head on Dean’s shoulder. Dean let him. They sat like that for a while before dozing off together, waking in the morning wrapped in one another’s arms.
“After all that, you don’t owe them shit. You’d be doing yourself a favor if you just leave. Find a place of your own.”
“This is yours?” He says, clearly impressed. Dean can’t help the rush of pride that courses through him. He smiles at the man.
“Grand Junction was a bust,” Castiel shrugs, even though Sam can’t see it. “The trail had gone cold, I saw only the bodies and some residual grace left in one of them. This whole thing doesn’t add up somehow.” What he doesn’t mention to Sam is the fact that he turned back without even investigating the case further, sickening worry and self-loathing eating his insides, because he was in the
“Nah, I had them coming,” he forces between his teeth, avoiding the angel’s eyes. For a few moments the atmosphere becomes charged, all the accusations laid bare in the air. Cas looks like he wants to say something, but he’s helpless getting the words out. Sam just follows the exchange quietly. He doesn’t want to stick his hand into this mess, but the neutral disposition his brother has taken angers Dean. Dean knows he’s lashing out his hurt and guilt and they don’t deserve it, but sitting here pretending to be all
“Cas, I…I’m sorry. For how I’ve been acting. I’ve been a real asshole. I drove you away, and all of this, is my fault.” Dean’s chest gets tighter with every word, it gets harder to breathe. How can he even begin to apologize this mess he’s created? He inhales shakily, risking a glance at Cas. And stops there, because Cas' eyes are a well of emotion, undimmed, and
“How are you?” Cas breaks the silence, fidgeting with his hands, when Dean doesn’t make any attempts at talking. Dean shrugs, raising his bottle in mockery of a salutation.
“Yeah, I’m- I’m fine,” he answers, but there’s something missing, the hardness which he wears like an armor, and instead his voice just sounds rough and vulnerable. He snaps out of it quickly, pulls a sad approximation of a smile on his face. Castiel’s heart clenches.
“Hey Cas”, he manages in a choked-off voice. He realises he’s been staring at Cas this whole time, so he fixes his eyes on his bottle, clutching it in his fingers compulsively. Cas slides into his seat, keeps looking at him keenly with a slight, questioning smile on his lips.
“Let me explain this to you”, Cas starts, but he pauses, running his hand through his messy hair, searching for words. “Being gay sometimes means that I get treated as a curiosity. People think they have right to know my history, and like they have the right to demand answers from me. Almost everytime I come out to new people, and by this I mean straight people, I gotta go through with the same questions. How long have you been gay? Have you ever slept with a man? You think you haven’t just found the right woman? Things like that-” he pauses again, holding up his hands, clenching and unclenching his fingers, “I-I get tired, you know? So yes, I might keep things little close to my heart, but you have to understand that I’ve had learn to protect myself somehow. All these benevolent people have the need to make it known that they accept me, saying things like ‘I don’t have a problem about you being gay, but just keep it to yourself’”- Cas makes actual air quotes, “-like I owe them something for being myself. I tried to befriend people like that, but in the end I just got...I got hurt.” He shrinks visibly, having burnt through his rage. He doesn’t meet Dean’s gaze for a while, eyes focused downwards, muscles in his jaw clenching. Wow, okay. Dean swallows, cheeks burning. So maybe he feels more ashamed of himself than that time Sam caught him jerking off to a cartoon. It was a sexy cartoon though. Cas’ outburst has put things neatly into perspective, and maybe he now sees why some of his comments have triggered the other man. “But you’re right, you don’t deserve having your face bitten off by simply asking things, because other people have been assholes about it, so maybe I’ll try reigning in the knee-jerk reaction to be so defensive.” Cas shrugs, meeting Dean’s eyes, this time apologetic.
He woke up with a jolt sometime later. It was always disorienting to wake up in this room, and it took a moment when Dean groggily blinked away the bleary confusion. The morning gray had started to chase the shadows away, and there was a figure sitting in a chair on the other side of the room.
“Hey Cas”, Dean greets him warmly, sliding next to him on the booth. He keeps his eyes on Cas, noting absentmindedly he’s fresh shaven. Cas squeezes his shoulder, blue eyes focusing intently to his, questioning
“You’ve talked about me with Bobby?” Dean levels a glare in his brother’s direction, interrupting him and fixating on the only thing he can argue about, before Sam can get to the part about putting the oxygen mask on himself first. He can’t deny Sam doesn’t have a point, though.
“Dean?” There’s a lot of context wrapped in that single word, topmost
but he’s graceful enough to let it slide, even though Dean sees the slight shift in his eyes, like he’s not one bit surprised, yet disappointed. Dean wishes so much he was past this point already, but there are some insistent voices in the back of his head, telling him he’s wrong and he’s nothing, and sometimes he can’t help but listen to them. One night they’re spooning in bed, Dean’s arms tightly wrapped around Cas, and he notices Cas is being restless and abnormally silent, so he carefully asks about it.
“Yeah, in fact. It’s, um, quite the chaos.”
“Okay, I need the facts, not sugarcoating. How bad was it?”
“Okay, I’m sorry, if I’ve made you uncomfortable. I guess I’ve been a little obnoxious about the whole thing, but it’s been so long since you’ve introduced anyone special to me. And for the record, if you-”
“Wow, that’s… I’ve never would’ve guessed you’d say something like that about dad.” There’s something about that statement, coming from Sam’s mouth that sounds almost mocking to Dean. The sadness and anger he’s been swallowing down all day, rises in his throat like bile.
“You mean that?” Cas asks in a very small voice, like he’s afraid of the answer, but then he rushes to continue, voice filling with grief. “Because I understand why you needed me to go. And I’m sorry too, for my part.”
“So who’s the girl you’re texting constantly?” Sam asks with faked casualness, while they’re watching some pointless action movie that just happens to be on TV. Dean makes sure that his brother sees the eye roll he makes in his direction, before answering.
Mirroring his gaze, Castiel snaked his hands between Dean’s muscled thighs, spreading them wider, although Dean resisted at first, hindering the movement. Oh god. Feeling the man reluctantly starting to surrender beneath him almost drove him insane with lust. They had always had a deep connection, but the primal energy that buzzed in the air around them right now tingled Castiel to his core.
but by some miracle it’s enough for Sam. Sam regards him silently, corner of his mouth turning upward into a smile.
“I just… I mean, we talked about that in the hospital and I apologized, and you said that we’re brothers and that’s all great, but you didn’t actually say you’ve forgiven me. And yeah, I know, it’s a minor detail, but ever since I came back and was a real boy again, things have been kinda weird between us. As you kindly pointed out to me, that was probably mostly because I was a total asshole, but that’s why I’m asking you, are we good?” Dean has to stop to take a breath. He follows keenly, how Sam’s adam’s apple bobs up and down as he swallows nervously. Sam doesn’t answer right away, instead choosing to stare ahead, and the silence stretches on. When he finally opens his mouth, his tone is raw, like every wall he ever built around himself is coming down.
“Sir, I think it’s better you would come with me. Can you walk?”
I'm a sneaky bastard and I've hidden couple of Monty Python-references in this fic. Also I have no idea about the geography nor the public healthcare system in USA, so Google is my only friend with this. As always, feedback is welcome.
Dean approached him, tension in his body that was rigged to explode, and the world narrowed down to Castiel's rapidly beating heart and his still body that was prepared to weather whatever outburst Dean would reward him with. Dean stopped right in front of him, tempting Castiel to take this further, plain thirst clouding his eyes. Noses almost touching, lips hovering over lips, bodies radiating anticipatory heat, they moved, synchronized little movements that had their bodies coiling around each other’s orbits. Finally Castiel leaned in closer, blood pounding in his ears, wanting to taste the blood on his lips again. Dean jerked his head back, just enough that Castiel couldn’t touch him. The air around them buzzed with electricity. Hot breath on his lips, Castiel searched the hunter's eyes and found sheer defiance there. He wanted to do this the hard way. Be the beast and let Castiel be the hunter.
"How does that feel?" Castiel had breathed out against Dean's parted lips, marveling how the other's pleasure made his own body react and grow hotter. He had quickened his pace instinctively, when Dean had begun grinding against his hand, more needy.
Sam sounds careful to choose his words, and not one bit surprised. Of course he isn’t, he’s the one who fucking called it before Dean had any inkling of what was going on in his own life.
Dean blinks in surprise, taken off guard by the question.
“But you have to stop doing that. You can’t just go and lash out on people, because you’re feeling insecure about yourself. You- you hurt me with your comments.” And he shrugs, trying to act nonchalant but there’s a telling waiver in his voice. Dean fights the urge to go and gather Cas in a hug. “You’ve never been a therapy project for me, I hope you know that. I wanted to comfort you, because I saw your distress and I care about you. That’s what people normally do, when they care about someone.” Cas shoots him a look, that catches Dean off guard; there’s downright fear of rejection on his face, and he’s never seen the other man so vulnerable. He holds his breath, heart clenching in affection and regret. It’s a contradictory feeling, but he can’t help but feel like he’s massively let Cas down.
“But I don’t know what their motives are. Perhaps they are some rogue group of angels, more radical in their beliefs. The fluctuations, however, are so strong that it’s causing ripples within our essences. And that can’t be good.”
“But that’s not all, he’s
“Some people have no eye for art.” Castiel laughs softly at that, shrugging to admit his guilt and turning to browse his haphazardly piled dvds. Dean has collected movies as long as he remembers, and secretly he’s quite proud of his collection. He gets up and joins the other man, wine glass held clumsily in his hand.
“So, you were very sparse over the phone about this case,” Sam breaks the uncomfortable silence, pointedly ignoring the glare Dean sends in his direction. Castiel tries to focus on him and collect his thoughts, but he can’t help but keep intermittently glancing at the sulking hunter. This is worse than he even imagined it would be. He wonders if he could still just get up and leave. He made this mess. He hurt Dean and he should have no right to come back and make it worse. The guilt cuts Castiel’s insides like a blade. He fucked things up, again. Over and over again. The only reason he was willing to try this, was Sam, and his insistence that Cas needs to fix this. He owes it to Dean at least to try to close some seeping wounds.
“Okay, we can go all night figuring out who’s more to blame, but let’s shut up before this gets out of proportion. I-I don’t mind sharing a bed with you, okay?” For some reason, that tiny confession leaves Dean vulnerable and small. If his father could see him now. Cas doesn’t answer right away, but he reaches his arm towards Dean, settling his warm hand on his bicep, squeezing it gently, sending pleasant shivers up his arm. Dean let’s it happen, skin tingling where Cas touched him, and suddenly his heart beats a little faster.
A loud crash brings Dean back ruthlessly from his hazy reveries. He blinks, turning his head toward the sound, trying to see. He hears hasty footsteps on the other side of the warehouse that he would recognize in his sleep, but the vast space distorts the sound and makes it harder to pinpoint them.
“Maybe Sam can help, he’s almost a graduated lawyer-”
“Yes, it is. I let you down. I failed you. Again and again. Christ sakes, I almost
“But it’s you. And I want to make it good for you.” Dean takes a steadying breath, but the shaky quality of his voice still betrays his nerves.
“I’m okay, Sam, I’m okay,” Cas is saying, voice roughened, but regardless lets Sam help him. He looks glum and shaken up.
“You seem to like these films a lot.”
“I guess I deserved that”, he muses, downing the entire glass of water in one go, while Cas has the most genuine grin of the evening on his face.
They head out, dressed in their FBI suits. The morning smells like damp rain and dead leaves, and Dean barely avoids a large puddle right in front of their door. Out of habit, the first thing he looks for is Baby, safely parked further in the lot. He almost halts when he spots Cas, awkwardly leaning against the wet car, looking like he’s been waiting there for a while. When the angel notices the brothers heading his way, he immediately perks up, looking nervous. Dean lets Sam take point, trudging closer slowly behind him. He feels just as conflicted as before. Now that Cas is standing right in front of them again and Dean can think more clearly without the pent-up sexual frustration clouding his judgement, every ounce of certainty leaves him, and he wants nothing but to head for the hills. Sam shoots him in incredulous look, but lets it pass.
“Dean- ,” he struggles with words, hoping that Dean would let him off the hook, just this once.
He sets the empty cardboard boxes on the floor, starts emptying the contents of the cupboards into them mechanically, not registering anything that he touches. Everything needs to go. Sam doesn’t want anything from the house, although he asked several times if Dean wanted help with the sorting and the packing. But Dean refused, it’s a long trip and Sam’s busy with his studies, why waste the trip when Dean can handle this by himself, right?
“Yeah”, he forces himself to answer, low current of panic thrumming in his core. He lifts his feet off the floor, sitting with his knees up and feet tucked underneath him, because he needs
It’s almost night time when they reach Denver. They strike out at the first two motels; no available rooms. Probably all the truckers coming to the car show have filled out the motels. Dean is starting to feel tired and cranky, and Cas is trying to navigate them, poorly, to some motel he found online.
“Man, I just sort of wish dad was here to see us now, you know?” He smiles sadly at Cas and Dean. It shouldn’t have hurt that much. It really shouldn’t have. But it does, and the strangling thickness creeps up Dean’s windpipe, slowly suffocating him. Who the fuck did he think he was, thinking that he could escape this feeling by plastering a band-aid on his guilt? He goes quiet, absently listening to Cas offering his condolences and politely asking how the funeral was. Both men notice the sudden change in Dean’s demeanor, stealing worried side-glances at his direction, but Dean’s way too much in his head to assure them he’s okay.
“Hey you”, he says, immediately greeting him with a long kiss, mindful of his stained hands, not caring if anyone’s watching them. Cas’ lips feel familiar, and they’re cold and chapped from the winter frost, but Dean doesn’t mind. When they break apart, Cas looks at him with a delighted, surprised twinkle in his eyes, and the pleased smile he gets in return is just enough to build back a tiny sliver of his confidence to be who he is.
.” Sam. A wave of relief washes over Castiel, unseen knots loosening a little inside of him.
“Yes, that is most likely what we’ll do. But I just couldn’t help but visioning a chandelier in my future living room. I really want to build a house for myself someday.” That earns a small smile from Dean.
. Castiel's fist stayed motionless at his side, but Dean could see he was struggling hard, as shadows of the conflict passed through his worn features.
He didn’t say it, but he wanted to.
“Fine, as long as I don’t have to give up my burgers.”
“Thanks for saving my ass back there,” he continues after a small pause.
"It-it's not a comfort. And you can shove the angel tablet up your ass." Castiel stared at him, silent, and Dean could practically see from his rigidness that he was trying not show the invisible lashes Dean dealt him.
“So a friend, or a
“Listen to me. It was an impossible situation, you know that, right? And you didn’t kill me. You fought the Mark and won. I will always give it my everything to save you, as I know you’ll do for me. You’re my
“Sam,” Dean whispers, starts patting his pockets with uncoordinated hands, accidentally hits the painful spot on his side, feels the warm wetness of the jacket- has he been stabbed? He tries to lift his head to see, but that makes his vision blur around the edges. Dean stubbornly holds on, prods the spot with his fingers, slick with fresh blood, finding a small puncture wound and then he has to bite his lower lip to keep himself from cursing out loud. Knife, he knows instinctively.
“Yeah, I got him.” Both of the brothers sigh in relief. Sam struggles to his feet after a while, taking in the carnage around them. The place looks like a hand grenade went off inside the room, tearing everything into pieces. The three scattered bodies lay in haphazard positions, their eyes burned out.
“Oh crap, yeah I remember that. Your food was AWFUL. Mac and cheese with melted chocolate or something like that? It’s a wonder I didn’t puke. Hope your cooking is better nowadays.”
I feel like this whole story is just a love letter to Misha and his eyes, so Cas' personality might be more Misha-like than Castiel. But Misha's eyes man. MAGICAL.
“Uh-uh. My turn," he panted, shaking his head, holding Dean’s gaze very intently. Dean answered with a defiant look, but it lost a little bit of its edge when Castiel reached for his crotch and squeezed his hardening cock. He had learned in time how to play his body like an instrument, each action followed with reaction, beautiful music to him. Dean took in a few, measured breaths, trying clearly not to show much he enjoyed that, and then swatted his hand away again, this time reaching for his own belt and began ripping his ruined jeans off.
“I’m not sure yet. But it’s got something to do with the discord in angel radio. It’s like there’s a…decayed threads of grace. I’ve never felt anything like that.”
there it is, that look of sweet rapture, as Cas groans filthily and comes hard, breath stuttering and fucking his hand through it.
“My Richie was never a religious man, no. But before he, um, did those unfortunate things, there was a strange look in his eyes, you know? I was out doing some gardening, and I saw him walk out, all weird-like. It’s like he was a completely different person. He looked at me once, and left without saying a word. It was after that I heard about…” The widow trails off, blinking furiously, clutching a wrinkly tissue in his hand. Dean offers him a smile that he hopes is a sympathetic one.
“You’re gonna hate me after this, but um, I’ve haven’t been exactly honest about this hunt.” Dean lifts his brow in a silent question, but Sam evades his gaze, looking suddenly very nervous. Dean sets down the beer. He knew there was something off with this hunt. And this is where Sam decides to unload whatever crap he’s been carrying since the morning.
Dean busies himself for several hours inspecting cars, bargaining for parts and couple of classic cars he knows Bobby’s set his eyes on, and making connections with the right people. He’s successful on most of those fronts, shaking hands and talking shop, feeling right in his element. Work and socializing keeps his mind busy for the most part, but it’s not once or even twice his mind wanders to Cas and the man he seemed to know pretty well, even though Dean’s never even heard about him. Cas sends him few messages here and there, letting him know that everything is going smoothly, and he might’ve bought an antique chair and perhaps they could fit that in the car. Dean rolls his eyes at that one.
“Well? Be out with it. I’m feeling like crap already, so the stage is yours.”
wants to see his little brother beaten, on his knees, ready to give his life for Dean again.
he confessed once, and Dean gets it that Cas is just looking for his place in this world again. They all are.
“Sometimes, I wonder that myself.”
, and Dean desperately wanted to believe him.
"Hi", Castiel had repeated, feeling his whole body hum in the other man's proximity, not daring to break eye contact. Dean had made a satisfied noise, and run his fingers through the angel's coarse stubble.
“Once he comes back, we need to go where they’re gathering mobile patients. The whole hospital is in blackout, and I was sent to find any wandering patients. It-it’s a chaos, the lines were jammed, and nobody knew what was going on. But I don’t know what was that-that
"I won't hurt you. I told you once I would never leave you, and this is me, right now, keeping my promise. But you have to promise me too that you won't give up, that this is you, right now, ready to fight this thing with everything you got." He had spoken passionately, standing his ground, even though Dean's eyes had darkened. He had fallen silent, and the men just had stared at one another, waiting for the other to strike next.
“What I need, is a drink. Drinks, to be specific. Alone.” Cas stills at his words, something akin to resignation flashing through his worn-out features. There’s something bittersweet about seeing him give up. Dean’s the one to leave this time, but he feels just as empty as the last time.
“I think I should be getting back, it’s getting kinda late.” Dean must imagine the slight disappointment in Castiel’s face, because he’s all gummy smiles the next second.
“You said his eyes were strange? How?” Juliet leans closer as if he’s ready to let Dean on a well-kept secret.
“Everything good,” Castiel echoes. He sees Sam casting a glance in their direction, before going back to his phone. Dean catches the look too, rolling his eyes half-heartedly, before directing his focus to his brother.
"Cas?" He whispered in confusion, after what seemed an eternity. The room was quiet and no one was there to answer him. Castiel was gone. Dean blinked again, too exhausted and pained to even feel his usual annoyance at the angels' tendency to disappear without a word. Why would he just leave? It made no sense. Dean swayed in his half-crouched position, feeling all at once the heaviness of his limbs and how the darkness seemed to creep closer like a comforting presence. Every breath came with difficulty, his battered body protesting all movement. Dean carefully lifted the broken arm to his lap, trying not pass out from the pain and barely succeeding. He clenched his jaw in resolution, determined to stay awake. In case Castiel was coming back. And he was. Dean didn't let any thoughts doubting that burrow further into his mind. Cursing seemed to help with keeping darkness at bay, and he let out long strings of barely recognizable swear words, muttered under his ragged breath, while he settled his back carefully against the ancient grave behind him, leaning heavily against the rock.
“Well, how fortunate.”
“Shut up. You got yourself into this mess, so you’re going to help me to fix it.” Sam slides his hand under Dean’s neck, looks for confirmation that this is okay. Dean exhales shallowly, readying himself.
“Okay”, Dean says, needing to fill the sudden silence.
“Hey, remember that time when we were little, and I had decided to become a chef? When I convinced you to play hooky with me in the middle of the school day, so I could use you as a lab rat for my recipes?”
“Sam. Are you okay? You didn’t answer my calls.” Sam clears his throat, the sound metallic over the phone.
“Thanks, Sammy.” A small smile graces his lips for a heartbeat. He did good raising this one.
“My friend, I think. He’s cool.” Dean replies reluctantly, making sure that Sam catches the pronoun.
“I don’t mean to sound harsh, but he sort of brought it on himself. He wouldn’t listen to me, or anyone else for that matter, when he started making some very bad decisions and kept digging himself deeper into that mess. He knew the risks very well, and now he’s paying the price for that.”
, and the light is off. Darkness engulfs the room, and Cas tiptoes back, albeit fumbling slightly in the dark. The covers are being pulled back and the bed dibs behind Dean, when Cas lays down, settling in. The scent of fresh shower wafts in his nose,
“Never mind? I thought you wanted front row seats to this grand show? Dean and Cas kiss and make up? That is why you lied to me, isn’t it?” Dean leans closer, elbows on the table, tone challenging Sam to come clean. Sam swallows, his face a strange mixture of guilt and irritation.
“Yeah, it kinda did. We fought and he left in the middle of night, haven’t spoken since. I’m pretty sure he doesn’t want anything to do with me now”, Dean shrugs, voice devoid of any emotion. He’s not sure if he’s reached the point of bitter acceptance that this is his reality now. Either way, it doesn’t hurt so much if he just talks about it like he’s discussing the weather.
“Yeah, you are. Fuckin horny.”
”Are...are you okay?” Dean’s voice gives out halfway, reducing to a whisper. Sam gets up at once, guiding a glass with a straw to his dry lips and Dean sips the cool water gratefully, too tired to mind the fact that he can’t summon the strength to care for himself.
He stays quiet for a long time, looking for the right things to say and the right way to start this, but there isn’t any. It isn’t gonna be easy, and it’s fucking scary, but if there’s anybody he’s ever gonna to come out to, it’s Sam. Something deflates inside of him.
“Why would I speak to him? He’s the one who couldn’t wait to get out of here. He’s the one who
, every tortured word fighting its way out of his bloodied mouth.
“Sir? Are you okay?” Dean’s head snaps towards the voice, his vision swaying; there’s a short, petite, middle-aged nurse walking hesitantly towards him, eyeing him worriedly. Oh fuck no, a civilian is the last thing that he needs right now, he can’t even look after himself, how can he keep her safe-
“So...I know I sort of messed up last night. And- and I’m sorry for what I said. I was having a bad moment and um, I really didn’t mean any of it. It’s just, this thing with dad’s death, it’s been fucking me up, and sometimes I don’t think what comes out of my mouth.” Dean is looking at Cas carefully, trying to catch any miniscule changes that might mean his words would connect with him. This really isn’t his strong suit. Cas stops his task and sighs deeply, frustration coming off him in waves.
“GO!” He growls, such wrath in his eyes that Castiel fears the mark is still devouring him. He almost flinches backwards, stopping himself in the last second. It makes ice cold fingers writhe deep beneath his skin, settling in his stomach. Castiel recognizes the feeling as fear. Fear of the other man. He swallows it down, moving quietly past the hunter. There are million apologies poised on his tongue, but he doesn’t dare speak them aloud anymore. He hears Dean pick up something from the table, hears the object hitting the wall heavily. Castiel can’t turn back.
“Fucking great…” He mutters aloud, tiredly digging the palms of his hands into his eyes.
“Um, I was just wondering how it went last night. Did you guys manage to…talk?” Sam asks hesitantly, voice kind of quelling when Dean lifts his gaze, staring at him blatantly with a deadpan expression.
“Man, I really gotta show you how to flirt.”
Cas doesn’t rise to the bait, and Dean’s not sure if he’s disappointed or relieved. He has argued about the babysitting complex with Cas, with Sam, even Eileen for a couple memorable occasions, and none of the fights have led them anywhere other than silent treatment and slamming doors. Sure, his drinking habit sometimes gets out of control, but he’s pretty sure he doesn’t need supervision 24/7. “
“Dean, we need to talk about this.” Cas speaks quietly, talking to Dean like he’s some spooked animal. Dean whips his head to fix a heated glare in his direction.
“This is exactly what you do and what I’m talking about!” Sam unexpectedly hits the steering wheel and Dean flinches. “Stop hiding behind your jokes and your ‘no chick-flick-moments’, and be honest with me. I think I can handle it.” Sam keeps looking ahead, but his face crumples for a second, sorrowful. “I just want you to be my brother again.”
“Cas, ohh, I’m gonna-” he moans, breathless, cock pulsing and spilling in his hand a second later, his entire body shuddering and grinding against Cas, when the orgasm washes through him, the electric pleasure curling his toes. He keeps jerking both of them, because Cas is still hard and thrusting against him, until Dean’s cock gets soft and oversensitive. Cas is so close, Dean can tell by the way his breath hitches everytime Dean touches him just right, and he speeds up the movement of his hand, fingers sliding easily over the shaft, and
“This is good,” Sam repeats and they raise their bottles in salute. They stay silent for a while after that, neither willing to sacrifice this fragile peace. Dean still doesn’t know how to approach the most hurtful stuff; the huge, screaming elephant that’s been following them around ever since he got back. But maybe, just maybe, he can start with the small things, chisel the iron curtain down chip by chip.
their clothes are messy with cum. The reality starts seeping in, alarms going on in his head,
but Dean recognizes the lowkey, hidden helplessness underneath that,
“Dean-”
The other man sighs silently, and Dean can’t tell whether it’s from relief of heavy thoughts. Oh,
"Why won't you fight back?" Dean barked angrily.
“Dean?” Cas calls out to him before he can get in, faint distress bleeding out of his voice. Dean stops, pang of regret clenching his heart momentarily. He watches Cas searching for proper words and failing at that.
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“Okay okay okay, stop.” Sam stops his spiraling before he can get too deep. He takes a deep breath, motioning Dean to imitate him. Dean lets out the breath he didn’t realise he was holding in. “So, I wasn’t here, and yeah that’s on me, but one thing I know is that there’s nothing you could’ve done to prevent this. Do you think that with his habits, he had a long life-expectancy? And given how he died, he died almost instantly, do you remember the doctor telling you this? He had severe brain damage from the hemorrhaging. This may sound harsh, but there was nothing you could’ve done to stop that.”
“I was sure those car show hunks had stolen you permanently”, Cas greets him, rumbling in his ear.
"You're the one who betrayed me. Again." He jabbed his finger into Castiel's chest, voice thick with accusation.
“Hey,” Dean greets him curtly, throwing the bag on top of Sam’s notes on the table. Sam looks suitably irritated at this, rushing to swipe the bag away and Dean has to bite his cheek to keep his grimly satisfied smile in check.
“How are you feeling?” Sam kneels beside Dean, placing a cool hand on his damp, hot forehead, but he doesn’t even have the mind to shrug his brother off. Dean can’t break his eyes away from Cas, who looks torn between coming closer and staying away, and he lingers there, fingers clenching and unclenching compulsively.
“Are you still with me? Not thinking of passing out again?” Dean focuses on Sam’s steady voice, raises his throbbing head gingerly to look him in the eyes.
Mostly, their relationship doesn’t change that much, they’re still hanging out, watching crappy movies, cooking (mostly Cas, Dean just provides unhelpful comments), going out, but the difference is that Dean gets to take Cas home and he doesn’t need to come up with any pretenses why they should share a bed. Dean’s shamelessly in love, with a stupid grin on his face every time he thinks about Cas, and spending time with him always makes him feel giddy. Some, smaller things require minor adjustments on his part, because sometimes Dean gets the urge to just touch and kiss Cas, and forgets he actually can do all of these things, after spending so much time just completely blocking all romantic thoughts of him. He keeps coming up with excuses to touch Cas, and the other man takes it all in a stride, ever understanding of Dean’s hesitation. The first and the only person Dean tells about them, is Sam, who dramatically sighs
.” Dean sweeps aside his breakfast, edging closer to Sam, and he almost feels sick with anger. Sam doesn’t flinch, instead he just searches Dean’s eyes and he feels ashamed of how much Sam can see there.
A fucking spectacular job. And now Cas is mad at him again. Let it be known far and wide, that Dean Winchester can’t handle sleeping in the same bed with another dude. The thought makes something jump in his stomach. A weird, unnamed thing. He brushes it aside, tries to forget it ever existed.
“Who the fuck are you?” He asks, trying to buy few more minutes for himself while his body wakes up.
“You’re seriously taking the martyr-approach to this?” Okay, Sam might be more pissed off than he realised.
“He’s beyond that kind of help. I didn’t want your family to get mixed up in his messes. And if I’m being honest, I was...embarrassed. I didn’t want to make a bad impression on your family.” He glances at Dean, with a sheepish look in his blue eyes. Cas holds him captive there, and Dean has the inexplicable urge to grab his hand and squeeze it, just to feel connected with him. He unconsciously leans forward, resting easily under that reassuring gaze. “Where have you been this past week, Dean?” Cas asks him in a quiet voice, searching his face for any answers. “I kind of missed our talks.”
The smell hits them first when they enter the house. Dried out blood and burnt skin. All three ready their angel blades, stepping forward carefully, deeper into the house. There’s no furniture, no rugs on the floor. Just a husk of a house, a depressing place that looks like nobody has called it a home in a long time. They scout the rooms methodologically, silently signaling that the kitchen and the living room are empty. The smell gets worse when they get nearer the bedroom. The door is closed and they exchange knowing glances. Dean takes point, pushing the door open slowly.
They’re gonna kill this motherfucker and then Dean gets to take Cas home again and kiss him senseless and more.
“You gotta stay awake for a little while longer. I found us a potential place, we need to scout it.”
“Thanks,” he mutters. Now his sudden outburst just feels embarrassing. Dean knows what’s coming next, the delicately composed questions of how his dad died and how is he holding up. He stuffs his hands in his pockets and mentally prepares to make his escape, already coming up with some excuse, before he can humiliate himself further. Instead, the man holds out his hand. Dean stares at it for few beats, not sure what do make of the sudden gesture.
"Okay", Dean was able to respond, a little more breathless with emotion that he would've liked Castiel to see. He eventually broke the eye contact, when the blue eyes and the whirlwind of feelings started to become too much at once. He really didn't like anyone seeing him at his weakest, but Castiel had bore down to the deepest, dark fears again, and made them a little less with his words.
“It’s an…adult entertainment business, for all intents and purposes.” Cas actually blushes, squirming in his seat. A disbelieving grin makes its way to Dean’s lips unintentionally.
“No, it shouldn’t, but I can’t just watch you ruin the only good thing you have in your life.”
“Don’t worry, no one has ever asked about my hobbies in that fashion, so um… points for originality. And to answer your question, I wouldn’t consider myself particularly talented, but taking on a craft like this, it’s a life-long mission of mine.” Castiel’s eyes seem to be transfixed on the table, but he hasn’t run out to the hills yet, so maybe Dean hasn’t fucked this up. He takes a steadying breath and puts on a smile that he hopes looks dazzling.
“Heya, I, uh, got something that might be a lead. I’m gonna scout the place, see if I can find something that might tell us if our guy was dabbling with things he shouldn’t dabble with. Call you later.” Not hearing his brother’s voice makes Dean uneasy somehow.
The door is yanked open suddenly and Castiel squints against the light pouring from the motel room, heart stopping for a beat at the sight of a very familiar silhouette in front of him. Dean’s gone all pale and just stares at Castiel, carefully arranging his face to a blank mask, wiping away any traces of shock and hurt that he couldn’t hide straight away. But Castiel catches the conflict in his eyes, he looks like he’s ready to shut the door in his face and leave him outside to soak in the rain. He would deserve it, no doubt. And he’s sorry he has to be the one to bring such pain to Dean.
“Are you nervous?” He asks, sounding a little out of breath.
“Who doesn’t?” He deflects instead.
and he can’t move an inch.
“Oh, that’s Cas, he’s my, uh…” Dean runs out of words, gesturing towards Cas vaguely. His face is suddenly burning up,
“Well frankly…you can’t stop us from leaving. Sam can take care of me. What we ask of you is that you don’t tell anyone about us or what you saw here. Think you could do that for us, Susan?” Dean tries to flash one of his disarming smiles, but it probably looks plainly morbid on him. It’s getting harder to focus, the details of her face slowly blurring and fraying around the edges. Suddenly there’s some noise and hurried footsteps on his left, which Dean easily recognizes as Sam’s.
“Alright, alright, you don’t need to be a bitch about it”, he laughs, that annoying little brother laugh Sam always does, when he knows he’s gotten under Dean’s skin. Dean ignores him out of spite, choosing to pay attention to his half-empty beer can.
Sam finishes doctoring him by carefully taping a thick bandage on the wound, and then he leans back, breathing out.
“Have you always known you’re straight?” Cas counters instantly. He looks like he knows exactly how this conversation will go, and Dean’s not sure why it sends Cas so quickly over the edge, but he doesn’t think he’s fairly judged here. He bristles slightly.
He floats, letting Cas play his body like an instrument, and it’s hard to tell who’s making all the noises; the moans and the whimpers drowning out the slick sounds of their bodies colliding. Cas’ hips speed up, snapping against his ass, and Dean feels the telling pulsing of his cock deep inside him when he comes, eyes closed, face upturned, breathing out words Dean can’t hear. For a moment it’s quiet, until Cas releases a shuddering breath and slides out of him. Dean can breathe again; he didn’t even realise he had stopped.
Cas would probably fight him on this, say stuff like it’s part of who Dean is and there’s nothing wrong with him. But he remembers the threats his dad made, when he found the Indiana Jones-poster Dean had put up on his wall as a teenager. “You keep these faggot pictures out of my house boy, or I’ll beat you up the next time”, he had growled, ripping the poster off and tearing it into pieces. Dean remembers other things too. He remembers watching other boys, and he remembers the handsome, muscular PE teacher he had a slight crush on. He remembers his best friend from childhood, Adam, and how one time they accidentally fell asleep on Dean’s bed and his dad found them like that. Adam wasn’t welcome into the house after that, and Dean got bruises on his ribs as a souvenir. Dad taught him how to handle weapons and fix cars to make him more manly, and now he’s terrified he’s exactly the thing his father tried to make him not to be. His father
I didn’t want you to look at
nothing to say. His failure to keep his- his best friend alive spoke volumes more than he himself ever could.
“Oh, begging now, are we? I won’t let you take him with you, no, but I can do this instead.” Alistair grabbed a handful of Cas’ unkempt hair and pulled his head back. Cas cooperated easily in his semi conscious state. He drove a blade into the soft skin of Cas’ neck, still not slicing enough to kill. Not now.
he never fully reached. He cried for the almost-life he’d lived. Eventually, he came inside and joined Cas on the bed with tear tracks still drying on his face. They laid as far apart as they could get, never touching, never talking.
“You know exactly why, Castiel.
The guy groaned as he woke up with Dean pinning him to the bed, knife at his throat, and Dean repeated himself. “Where did they go?”
“Research. Lots and lots of research. But not today. You may be God or the Light or whatever, but you’re still part human and that means you need sleep. We’ll start first thing tomorrow morning. How’s that sound?”
“Hold it right there, buddy boy,” a voice called from the far end of the chamber.
The third day, they arrived at the town just before nightfall, the previous night pretty much forgotten by Benny. Dean still remembered because judging by the way Cas glared at him, he remembered too. Even so, hearing of the Hellspawn in town both put them on their guard and lent them cause to celebrate. They finally found the Hellspawn, after all.
He finished his meal, and set the dishes on the counter.
burned. If Cas couldn’t handle Dean moving on, that was his problem, not Dean’s. Or so Dean told himself.
“You told me that already,” Sam reminded him softly.
“-you didn’t tell me you were a bull last night-”
Three weeks later, Sam sat across from him, feet propped up on the table, sipping on a bottle of cheap beer and scrolling through something on his laptop. Dean could hear some ad play an obnoxious pop song and he ignored it at first, in favor of the thick tome he scanned for any mention of the Empty or the Shadow or how to open a door to another cosmic plane. Eventually, it got to be too distracting and he snapped, “Why don’t you get some earbuds or turn the volume down.
Dean sighed but guided Baby over to where Jimmy had set about tying up his own horse. Dismounting clumsily, as he still hadn’t quite gotten used to doing so with both hands bound in front of him, he tugged at the rope tying him to Jimmy’s horse. “Either you untie me, or you tie Baby up yourself. Say what you want about me, but I’d really rather she didn’t run off in the middle of the night because someone was too much of a jackass to look after a fucking horse,” Dean said, giving the rope another tug just to be annoying.
Cas laughs and takes Cassie by the arm, leading her to the bar and pouring her a drink as they talk. “Are you fucking kidding me?” Dean mutters light heartedly, no real anger in the words. He’s glad two of the most important people in his life—even if it’s been years since he saw one of them—get along so well.
Footsteps echoed in the dark, coming from what sounded like the saloon entrance. Dean couldn’t even focus enough to get on alert. The footsteps rounded the corner and lo and behold, it was the man from the bar. Dean almost sighed in relief before remembering he didn’t know jack shit about Blue Eyes. Hell, for all he knew, the guy could be here to rob him, too. Somehow, though, Dean didn’t think so.
“Why’s he pissed at you? What, you owe him money or somethin’?” Benny joked. His soft laughter faded, however, when he saw whatever look Dean knew was on his face.
“Yeah.” Then, “I’m sorry, Cas. For what it’s worth, I don’t think you’re a self righteous dick. Not like them, anyway. You’re nothing like them.”
“Yeah,” Dean gasped.
Benny, as it turned out, had been right. The town was only a couple day’s ride, granted they only took a few rest breaks. Dean was mostly against that unspoken agreement, but he realized it meant less opportunity for Cas to snap at him or Benny and went along with it. He had to remind himself as they rode in silence that it didn’t actually sting that much - Cas’ opinion of him. It really didn’t because it would mean that he ended up caring for the guy, and Dean just didn’t
“Cher, I’m gonna need a lot more than that if I’m supposed to understand what the hell happened between you two. Now, you ain’t gotta say nothin’ if you don’t want, but if you got somethin’ you wanna get off your chest, I’m here.” Benny paused, thinking. “That sounded like we’re a couple’a chicks talking about… whatever the fuck it is they talk about. But I mean it, Dean. I’ve seen enough that I’d probably be of some help.”
They parted ways for the night, each with a tray of food they bought downstairs. Dean ate in silence, truly alone with his mind for the first time in a long time. It scared him, if he thought about it at all, but his thoughts drifted, landing where they almost always did: Cas. He thought back to the beginning of the whole mess, trying to find a way to reassure himself that it was Cas in the wrong, not him. When they first met, Cas knew exactly who he was, and he didn’t know anything other than the fact that he wanted Cas to rail him. Obviously, Dean was at a disadvantage. But for all Cas knew about him, he didn’t know the one fact that apparently had become a legend in and of itself. And Dean decided that was Cas’ problem. If the guy didn’t know perhaps the most popular topic of gossip at the time, then he had no right to go blaming it on Dean.
“Dean, just… just stop. Please. I’m sorry,” Cas said, apparently louder than he’d intended as Zachariah caught wind that something was wrong.
“What do you mean he was never God?” Dean asked, finally awake enough to try and process whatever just happened.
get to stay with Cas. He was wrong, however, about his presence being a fluke. For as much as he believed himself to deserve the flames of Hell, Dean Winchester was sent to Heaven upon his death. Not on accident or because he cheated the game, but because he well and truly deserved paradise with his beloved. (If he has any problems with that, he knows exactly where to take them: the man writing his story. He has, in fact, taken them up with the author, and let me tell you, he wasn’t nice about it either. But he’s learning to accept his place here and I’m proud of him. But it’s not all thanks to me.)
He dismounted Baby and left her just out of sight of the guards at the mouth of the cave. He’d seen a stream not too far off, close enough that she’d be able to find it if she needed to. Dean planned for someone to make it back to her, to either ride her somewhere or set her free, but he didn’t tie her up. Just in case. If he failed, he didn’t want Baby to suffer for it too. He trusted her to stay as long as he’d need her, and leave if he took too long. He’d known her long enough to be certain that she would be safe. And that was that.
Castiel eyed him suspiciously, but rolled over. Dean thought he fell back asleep, but after a while he asked, “Bad dream?”
Once they had both tumbled over the edge, Castiel rolled over onto his back and Dean followed, cozying up against his chest and burying his face in Castiel’s neck. They just laid there for a moment, basking in the afterglow, stealing one another’s heat.
“Don’t bullshit me, J- Castiel. You’re not considered the Hellspawns’ equals for nothing. I’ve heard stories of what you’ve done, the towns you left in ruins because your policy is ‘convert or die’. You claim to be saints but you lot are still wanted criminals all the same,” he hissed.
“Word ‘round the block is that this is where the party is. Thought I’d come see for myself if it was true,” she grins, stepping fully into the light as Dean leaves his post to pull her in for a hug. “I missed you, Dean.”
“Where are we going?”
The Hellspawn hissed through his teeth, opening and closing his mouth a couple times before replying, “North. Boss said som- something about a town they were... gonna find. Down- down the road.”
He wanted to simply make sure Baby made it comfortably to the makeshift stables then go to sleep, but Cas guided his horse into a trot, passing him and bringing her to a stall. He tied her up and Dean watched from a distance. The same distance they’d maintained since the night he killed Zachariah. The night Cas was faced with the cold reality of who he was. Cas hadn’t looked him in the eye since that night, let alone come within a few feet of him. It
A nasally laugh rang from the other end of the chamber, and the Righteous Man threw a blade in its direction. The sound of metal piercing flesh told him he hit his target. Taking a candle from one of the tables tucked against the wall, he carried it over to the man pinned to the wall by his shoulder. “Alistair,” the Righteous man grinned, “I’m going to take you apart nice and slow, and then I’m going to roast you extra crispy for Azazel to find. Give him a taste of his own medicine. Rather nice, don’t you think?”
“Azazel! Oh but the fun was just getting started,” the Righteous Man called, “Shame you’re here to interrupt it.”
Cas kept his promise. No matter how much shit Dean gave him over the next few days, he stayed. He didn’t understand how Cas could do it. How Cas put up with him, after, well, everything. Dean knew himself: when he feared fucking things up with someone, he pushed them away before he could do any real damage. So either he was slacking, or Cas was even dumber than Dean thought. Either way, he knew it wouldn’t end well for either of them.
“Whatever you say.”
At least it made his job easier.
been to Hell. Reminding himself that he didn’t care, Dean shoved Jimmy away from him, and shuffled petulantly into the woods, stopping when he thought he was blocked from view by the trees. Struggling to undo his pants on account of his hands being tied together, he glanced back over at their camp only to find Jimmy watching closely. Not him, specifically; he didn’t think Jimmy could see
“Dean, you couldn’t do shit to me if you tried,” Cas laughed, sounding so fucking sure of hiself that Dean just
“Just tell us what you know,” Cas snapped.
“Awesome.” He did laugh that time. It felt freeing.
“Nothing? Oh, he’s got
“-bitch ass, bull fucker-”
of the worst of the worst?” Castiel began to look at him with something akin to awe. Dean couldn’t tell if he liked it any more or less than the alternative. “And even if the how was simple, there’s the matter of why.
“Oh but it’s just getting interesting. ‘Technically, I suppose, it wasn’t cheating because Dean was never mine in the first place. So why does it feel like betrayal?’ How sickeningly poetic. You love him, don’t you. Shame he doesn’t love you back, or he’d be here.” The hairs on the back of Dean’s neck rose at the sound of Alistair’s nasally ass voice, one he never thought he’d hear again. One he secretly
“No, your horse is fine. If you turn around, you’ll
Cas sauntered up to Dean, sliding his arms around his waist. They didn’t do that. That wasn’t something Dean though Cas wanted with him, that simple intimacy. Then he remembered Zachariah’s stance on ‘people like them’, and realized it didn’t mean shit. It was just an act Cas was putting on to get at Zachariah. Nothing more. It sting more than he cared to admit. Even so, Dean wasn’t one to pass up an opportunity. He slid his already bloody hands to rest over Cas’ on his stomach. Cas rested his chin on Dean’s shoulder to stage whisper in his ear, “I’m alright. He’s all yours.” Cas nibbled at his earlobe. Dean could see Zachariah squirm uncomfortably.
it. It was their whole fucking plan. It was their
“The hell do you want?” he sneered, still half asleep. He jerked to attention, however, when he noticed the rope binding his wrists. “The fuck is this? You here to rob me or something?”
Dean almost kissed him. Almost. But the part of him that desperately wanted to was crushed by the part that knew he didn’t ever get what he wanted, and he didn’t deserve it either. What he wanted wasn't his to take. No matter how desperately he wished it was. Clearing his throat, Dean made a shitty, blatant attempt at changing the subject. “Last night, uh, that was a… um, that was a one- time thing. It didn’t…
No answer.
“Oh, come on Dean, it’s fine. I don’t mind one bit.”
“Let him go, he’s got nothing to do with this.”
He nipped at Dean’s neck, then immediately soothed the spot with his tongue and Dean had to bite back a whine.
The guy had a nice jawline and cheekbones, plus hair that practically screamed
The man they used to call the most righteous of all of them knew the whole story, as it was the story of him. He swore he would kill every last one of them, even if it killed him, too.
“So, what happens after you bring me in, exactly? More of the same?” Dean finally asked.
In what had been the shortest, most tense conversion Dean had in his entire life, they’d agreed to continue down the road to the cabin, opposite the way they came in the first time. Cas figured if there was a road, there must be somewhere for it to lead, and Dean hated to admit it but he was probably right.
Apparently, it was enough to wake Castiel up. “Dean? The hell are you doing? Not trying to escape are you?”
of all things, with one of their former members? Unless, of course, you think the Hellspawn are still around,” Zachariah taunted, spitting blood.
“Doesn’t matter.”
to ruin me until I had no choice but to join them and taint my soul with innocent fucking blood. So what the
As they settled down for the night in a rocky outcropping on the mountain they’d spent the better part of a day crossing, Dean could nearly feel the somber mood in the air. Cas’ expression remained grim as they ate and laid down to sleep, the wind whistling as it blew across the rocks beyond them.
people for so much of his life, he became bad
Giving the guy a once over (maybe a bit more deliberate than he’d like to admit), Dean glanced at Cas, who glared daggers at both of them. Dean realized having another person with them wouldn’t be such a bad idea after all. “Yeah, alright we’re in. I’m Dean,” he said, holding out his hand to shake.
“I’d hardly say you called me here. More like kidnapped.”
And then - of
But Cas hated the death and the torture and the monsters like the one within Dean. Cas didn’t seem to struggle with right and wrong. Not the way Dean did. He was repulsed by those who did others wrong. He may have been forced to do horrible things, but he didn’t revel in them. Dean couldn’t blame him. Growing up, violence had always been the first and only means to an end, something to savor if you were getting your revenge and to shrug off otherwise. It didn’t matter. But Cas had seen so much, so young. Being around folks as bad as the Angels as a child sounded fucked up, but then again, what in the world didn’t? Still, the raids and the blood Cas was exposed to on such a large scale, plus everything with his brother, probably showed Cas real fucking quick that there was only one way to describe violence, and it was: wrong. Dean wished he’d learned that lesson. But Dean had been required to serve as his daddy's blunt little instrument from the moment he was deemed old enough. He was thirteen.. He was a killer. He was trained to be bad
Dean fell to his knees beside the fire as the night grew dark, and grieved. He grieved for the townspeople who paid for his stupidity in their blood. He grieved for Cas. And he grieved for the gentle being he had managed to become despite having been a demon, the gentle person he had to shove away for the time being, because the gentle being couldn’t do what he needed to. He wondered if he could ever become it again. In a moment of weakness - or strength, depending who you ask - he decided to try something he never dared to do before.
Alistair laughed. It was a grating sound. “Oh, oh dear. Oh! Let me guess what you’re thinking. Hmm… ‘I came here to save him, and yet…’ Because that was your goal, right? You tell yourself you want to kill Azazel and I, but it was all about saving one Angel. To save
“Wh- what? Who?” Dean demanded. Maybe it was Cas. Hopefully it was Cas.
Benny placed his hand on Dean’s shoulder and without thinking, he reacted. He aimed his right hook at Benny’s face, already reaching for the knife in his boot. Luckily for him, he never got to pull it out. The punch landed on Benny’s cheek and Dean froze in horror at what he’d done. Benny must have noticed (of fucking course he did), and he backed away slightly, one hand cupping his face and the other raising slowly into the air. “I ain’t gonna hurt you, cher. Jus’ calm down for me, alright? Can you do that? Take a deep breath, come on now, it’s alright?” he went on and on, talking Dean down until he felt like he could breathe again. His fist relaxed at his side. He didn’t remember when his nails started digging into his palm.
“Trouble in paradise, you fags?” Zachariah sneered. Both Dean and Cas tried not to flinch.
“I love you too, dammit. I love you, I love you, I love you,” he tried to scream but it came out as no more than a hoarse whisper. He fell back onto his pillows and wept for Cas, the angel who saved him, a favor he could never seem to return. “I’m sorry, Cas.”
Cas - also just arriving, also deserving of an ass-kicking - finds an empty seat at the bar and kicks back, ready to watch the show (Currently, Sam is Cas’ best friend because Cas
we can save,” Sam sighed, bending over his laptop again.
But maybe he did, Dean supposed. Cas didn’t know at first, and then they got to know one another more or less, and Dean convinced him to give up his entire life for just one guy, and even in all the secrets they told one another, Dean simply didn’t share that one. He coveted it.
“No, Sammy,  he- he fucking
Without Zachariah’s annoying voice to fill the space, the woods sat silent. It was almost as if the world was holding its breath. The dam came tumbling down when Cas asked, voice carefully even, “Is that true?” Dean’s silence was answer enough. “Let’s get going. Leave the body; no one will come looking for him or us if they haven’t by now.” Without another word, Cas mounted his horse and rode off, not bothering to wait for Dean and Baby to catch up. Dean couldn’t help but think of the early days of their relationship, when they hardly spoke a word a day and he didn’t even know Cas’ name.
“Zachariah,” the guy - Zachariah - said, holding out his hand for Dean to shake. When Dean didn’t, he simply withdrew his hand and sighed. “Do you know why we called you in here, Dean?”
“Headquarters.”
tied Dean’s hands up again. Around his waist. Well then.
He’d forgotten. He’d forgotten, in the heat of the moment, that Cas didn’t know this about him. He knew that he used to be a Hellspawn, but Dean figured he must have never really put much thought into what that entailed. Into the perpetual gore that used to live on Dean’s hands and the blood that caked under his fingernails. Cas must have never realized the key difference between him and Dean used to revel in the bloodshed. He’d forgotten.  “Shit, Cas, I-”
“And?” he hissed.
him; why didn’t the stupid son of a bitch listen? “Doesn’t matter; he’s dead now,” he rasped, taking a swig from his beer and wishing--not for the first time--that it was something stronger.
An idea came to him in that moment. He knew full well it was the worst idea he’d had in his life, but he somehow convinced himself it was the best. Not only would it get Cas off his mind, it would hopefully piss Cas off enough that he’d get off Dean’s ass for a day or two. Hopefully. If all went the way he believed it would.
“A few hours.” Not days, then. That’s a start.
The room erupted into chaos, some trying to engage him in combat, others trying to flee. Those who tried to escape found their only exit blocked as the Righteous Man pulled the doors shut behind him with a huff of disapproval. “You can’t leave now,” he pouted, “the fun’s only just getting started.” From all sides, they came at him, punching and slicing, not daring to shoot in such close quarters. They dealt some damage, sure, but he just kept hacking away, leaving piles of corpses as he made to cross the room. Blood soaked into his clothing, staining his face and hands but he kept at it. It wasn’t his blood, after all.
“It’s fine, Jack. Guess we’ll just have to get him out the old fashioned way.”
“Yeah. I told a couple of my cousins and let’s just say it didn’t go over so well.” Gunshots rang out from behind them, granting meaning to Cas’ words. They sprinted for the stables, Dean swinging open the stall door and mounting Baby as swiftly as he had a million times before, snagging her reins from where they hung on the wall as she galloped out of the stable. Fortunately, Cas was close behind. Trying and miraculously succeeding to put her reins on as he rode, Dean urged Baby faster and faster across the open expanse, Cas and his horse on their heels. He turned and fired off a couple shots, hitting maybe a couple Angels but - unfortunately, in his opinion - not doing much damage. As the sun began to sink in the sky, they rode and rode, even long after gunfire could no longer be heard and the headquarters were well out of sight.
Bumping Cas’ shoulder with his own, Dean turned to Cas to ask, “Hey Cas? What’re we supposed to do with our wet clothes?”
“If you start with any of that self loathing bullshit that comes with every sad sap like you, I swear, Dean Winchester, I will kill you before Michael even gets to meet you. And we wouldn’t want that, now would we?”
he reminded himself.
Men, thieves and traitors and tormentors, lurked in the shadows, hoping to be spared. Or, at the very least, to prolong their inevitable deaths. The doors flew open to reveal the silhouette of a man, a gun at his hip and a wicked dagger in each hand. Each step he took echoed through the room, but he could hardly hear it over the pounding in his ears, the white-hot rage blossoming in his chest. These were the people that took everything from him. And now they would pay.
“I’d really rather not.”
“Oh.”
By the time Dean finished hanging up his clothes, Cas had already followed suit except… except the fucker thought it would be a great idea to try and one up Dean. So there was Cas, naked as the day he was born, hanging up his clothes on a nigher branch of a tree, his muscles flexing as he strained to reach and fuck maybe this
“Michael.” Dean shook Jimmy’s hand that he realized he was still holding. The tension between them grew, Jimmy’s hand still in his. He made the mistake of glancing at Jimmy’s mouth. He licked his lips. Jimmy did the same. They kept staring at one another. The minutes ticked on.
“Cas, that was days ago. We were fighting. It didn’t mean-” Dean tried to reassure him.
He knew that, for Cas’ sake, he really should get as far away from the guy as possible, but he couldn’t seem to fathom doing anything of the sort. Not as if he’d ever admit it, but he cared too much about Cas. He cared too much to truly let him leave his side. Because at the end of the day, the only way Dean Winchester ever learned how to love was the way he’d been taught was selfish. But Cas said he’d stay, and as terrified as he was of what it meant, Dean truly didn’t want to give that loyalty up.
“I understand,” Cas replied solemnly, heading inside, likely to pack up their things. He turned back, looking for all the world like a kicked puppy. “Did- Do you regret it?” he whispered.
Zachariah reached their little camp, and the instant he dismounted he found himself with a bullet in each knee. He crumpled to the ground and Dean stalked over to him, punching his face by way of greeting. “Are there any others?”
?” Dean rolls his eyes, letting his friends trail him like hound dogs as he serves a table right next to the stage. A mistake, in retrospect.
Fair enough.
“I love you.”
but he couldn’t seem to bring himself to have the conversation that would inevitably come with the answer.
Dean realized,
“No, you’re not in any trouble, Dean. Sit.” The stout guy with a large bald spot on top of his head gestured to the seat across the desk from him. Dean did sit, after debating for a minute as to whether or not he should play this guy’s games. The results were still inconclusive.
“Doesn’t know...what? Dean, what happened?” Sam urged, previous caution apparently thrown to the wind. Dean had to admit, his brother could be an annoying little shit sometimes, but others? He knew exactly how to snap his stupid fuckup of an older brother back to reality.
Alistair used his brief instability to shove him flat on the cold floor and pin his arms to the ground with his knees. Leaning over him, Alistair whispered, “You thought you could just waltz in here with a couple weapons and your pride and just get away with it? This isn’t a fairy tale, Dean. Heroes lose.” Fitting, Dean thought, that it was his own knife that plunged into his stomach, guided by Alistair’s hand. There was some sort of poetry there, but the pain took over too much of his mind for him to piece together why. The dagger hurt just as much coming out as it did going in.
“It is what it is, right? The Angels are fucked up and there’s nothing I can do about it. Even if there was, I still owe them,” he chuckled darkly, turning his hands palm up.
The stables led directly to the foyer of the house, and Dean marveled at its grandeur. It was nothing
Apparently, he did. “I don’t know why I trust you so much. I just do.” And that was that.
at him with that piercing blue gaze. Like he knew.
piss on you and your horse.”
“I don’t answer to anyone, you murderous cockroach.”
Benny would be joining the team. He deserved to know. Cas
Jimmy rolled his eyes and untied the rope chaining him to Jimmy’s horse, tossing it over to him to use for Baby. When Dean pointedly held up his bound wrists, Jimmy just told him to, “Make do.” And he did, thank you very much. Dean was nothing if not resourceful, after all. Dean let Jimmy get the fire going since he wouldn’t be much help with his hands tied. He could help with dinner though, he supposed.
After he’d finished, Benny let out a low whistle before falling silent. “Shit, Dean,” he finally said. “I, uh. I think you best go apologize.”
Then the cat finally got let out of the bag and when all was said and done, Cas seemed more pissed that he didn’t tell him, than the fact that he even did it in the first place. But either way, it was Dean’s fault. It was Dean’s fault, and that pissed him off the most. Dean was furious with himself for being in the wrong, for screwing things up the way he always did, and he turned that anger on Cas because it was the only way he knew how to defend himself.
, for that matter. So if you wouldn’t mind, I’d like to actually go save some people that we
the manifestation of the Light, just as I am the manifestation of the Dark, but he wasn’t God. God can best be explained as a scale, with the Light at one end and the Dark at the other. These two forces combined are God, but neither is God on its own. However, when my brother… consumed me, our manifestations merged and together, we became God. But we were still separate entities, as Jack and I were still separate entities even though we inhabited the same body. What you saw just now was the Light and the Dark separating and becoming separate beings as we have been since the beginning of time. Really, it’s what
Before he knew it, Dean found himself flat on his ass, with what was probably going to be an ugly bruise forming on his cheek, while the guy dug through his pockets in search of the rest of the money. Fucker. As soon as he found it, he turned and ran off in the other direction and Dean’s head throbbed so bad he didn’t feel all that much like going after him. Shit. Bad really did get worse, didn’t it.
“Like,
“About what you said the other day. About how the only difference between Angels and demons is that we do- we do all these horrible things in the name of God.”
“I thought you already had
“No it… it’s nice,” Cas muttered, turning to face Dean. “Beautiful view this morning, isn’t it?”
Dean’s subconscious told him. He told it to go fuck itself.
He told him to never change. He
At that, Castiel smiled ever so slightly and wrapped a hand around his cock to line himself up. Dean was so distracted by the way his hand looked so beautiful, fingers so long and slender, that it wasn’t until Castiel was about to push in that he gasped out, “Wait, hold on.” Castiel looked at him, questioning, and instead of actually answering, Dean grabbed Castiel’s other wrist and pulled his hand to his mouth. Castiel got the hint and slipped two of his fingers into Dean’s mouth, letting him suck and swirl his tongue around the digits. As much as he wanted Castiel to fuck him, he still whined when Castiel withdrew his fingers and shoved them roughly up his ass.
Eventually, Dean realized he’d been staring. The guy just looked back at him, entirely unfazed. “Uh,” Dean said eloquently. “Can I help you?” Blue Eyes just looked him up and down, unimpressed, but it lit Dean’s gut on fire nonetheless. Hot Stuff drummed his fingers on the counter, smirking slightly and sending him a look with one eyebrow slightly raised which left Dean beyond real coherent thought. Then the guy had the audacity to turn away, meaning Dean couldn’t see his pretty face anymore. Fucker. “Alright then,” Dean muttered, taking a pointed sit from his glass in a feeble attempt at maintaining his rapidly crumbling resolve to not make a move. Before he could do anything else, however, he saw the guy he played earlier speaking with the bartender and pointing furiously over at him.
“Fuck.”
“Well, I suppose I’ll start from the beginning,” Amara sighed. “Technically, my brother was never God.”
The guy didn’t answer, instead handing Dean a folded piece of paper in a familiar, messy scrawl. Dean’s stomach turned and he rushed for the alley, hearing Benny say a quick, “Thank you,” to the bartender before following. Dean collapsed against the wall and read the note by the light of the rapidly fading sun.
They messed around in the stream for a little while longer, savoring the feel of cool water on their skin in the middle of one of the hottest days of the trip. That is, until Dean pointed out the obvious.
and on top of all that, he had the bluest fucking eyes Dean had ever seen. And he’d seen a lot, having spent his entire life on the road. Shit, if he were slightly less drunk - or slightly more, Dean had no idea - he’d write fucking poetry about the way he felt like he could drown in those eyes and not even give a damn.
“Now, that wasn’t so hard,” Dean said, frowning. “You new recruits break too easy. You always did. You’re all the same. Filth.” He debated jamming the knife through the demon’s chest right then and there, ending it so he could go find Cas. But the small part of him that the Hellspawn had brought out told him he should wait. Drag it out. Give the guy a nice warm welcome in the way that things used to be done when he was in Hell. The rest of him fought it, fought the idea of indulging something so horrible, but eventually the demon in him won, and he let it take its fill.
“I told you, Dean, it’s alright. I’m fine,” Benny insisted. Dean knew it wasn’t true, not entirely. He had a mean right hook.
“Shit, ah, fuck,” he hissed, clapping a hand over his mouth and sinking his teeth into his palm to keep from crying out when Jimmy swallowed around him. Not as if he had much in the way of coherent thought to spare dwelling on it, but Dean had to admire Jimmy’s skill. After growing up turning tricks to feed his kid brother, he’d acquired certain abilities, learned what got johns to get it over with the quickest. Jimmy seemed to have a similar skill set.
He woke, in the middle of the night. The fire was only embers. He felt Cas’ eyes and pretended to be asleep a little longer. He didn’t know why, but he was scared of facing what lay ahead. Dean peeked open an eye, keeping his face carefully blank. Cas stared at him, looking for all the world as if he’d lost everything. A tear slipped down his cheek. Dean willed himself not to let his emotions echo the sentiment.
fuck his luck - Dean found himself pinned to the ground, a gravelly voice cursing him out so colorfully even Dean had to appreciate it. And then the world went black.
“Oh, fuck me,” he huffed, getting impatient. Castiel simply stared at him, resuming his ministrations. It wasn’t until his hands found their way to Dean’s thighs that Castiel breathed, “As you wish.”
“What?”
“Yes,” he gritted out, “and if you ask me any more personal questions, I swear to God, you’re next.”
“When we get into town, you can do whatever the hell you want, but I’m gonna stop by the saloon,” he informed Cas.
“You’re taking this kinda well,” Dean offered. He glanced briefly at Cas. Cas glared back. “If you don’t wanna stay, that’s cool, but if you do, you best not act all weird. Like, I’m still just a guy, okay? Don’t be scared of me and then wind up with one foot out the door. Either you’re in, or you’re out.” Dean didn’t know if he was speaking only to Benny at that point. Cas sure didn’t seem to think so.
“Speaking of which,” Sam interrupted before the silence could grow too awkward, “what, exactly, just happened?”
His vision went red.
Dean’s ass was sore as fuck from riding nonstop for the past couple hours and, well, the previous night. Of course, he could go on for the rest of the day, but what could he say, he spent one night in a semi nice place so of course he’s gonna act like a little baby. One never forgets the taste of luxury.
“Look at you like what?” Castiel snapped right back, still pointedly keeping his distance.
“Amara and I have been discussing it, and we both agree that we should… how did you put it?” Jack fell silent for a moment, as if listening to something--someone--before continuing, “We should become separate manifestations again.”
Pain swept over him in waves, each one pulling with it a shred of consciousness. The last thing the Righteous Man thought was:
Dean twirled his dagger menacingly and pressed it up against Alistair’s throat, glancing to the side every now and then to check on Cas. Alistair noticed his distraction and tracked the movement with his eyes. Dean’s heart pounded. Pressing harder with his blade, he demanded “I said, let him go.”
“We should get going early today. It looks like there’s gonna be a storm passing through here and I’d rather not get caught up in it,” Cas said by way of greeting.
over in the corner, Sam spins Eileen around in time to the music, and Cas watches Dean, a stupid smile on his face that Dean can’t help but mirror. He’s been through so much. He thinks he can let go for just a few minutes. All the bad is in the past now. That was that. And this is now.
His opponent took a long sip from his beer and placed his cards on the table. Dean almost laughed when he saw the hand. Three fives and two kings. “Not bad, pal,” he said, laying down four nines, “But good game.” He grinned. Alright, maybe the night wouldn’t be one of his worst.
“You’re one to talk, Winchester,” Cas snapped.
For Dean however… He knew full well the only reason Cas hated Benny still was because of how familiar he and Dean seemed, the looks they shot one another up ahead on the trail. Although, it was Cas’ fucking fault for being a jackass and not opening up to the idea of a new member of their little band of misfits - especially one who wouldn’t act like a piece of shit towards Dean - but there wasn’t a hell of a lot Dean could do about that. The damage had already been done.
or whatever hippie bullshit he was on about. He left, and Dean learned the hard way that most people don’t come back if you ask them. Typically they don’t come back at all.
“You didn’t.” Mostly Dean feels disappointed, the other part wants to scream and bleed his anger out. The feelings are still dulled, as he’s trying to wrap his head around the fact that his brother lied to him again and sat with him the whole evening, without showing a single sign of discomfort. And he had been so blind the whole time. That little shit. Glaring at Sam, jaw clenched, he gets up and almost wrenches the door open. And there he is, the baggy trench coat drenched from the rain, dark hair dripping wet, blue eyes wide with disbelief. For a moment, they stand perfectly still and stare at each other in a frozen silence. Dean can’t breathe. Then all the sensations in his body come back with a whoosh and it kind of feels like getting knifed under the ribs, muscles screaming out their dissonance,
“That’s not even how you use that phrase- are you trying to get back to me?” Sam raises his voice, anger gaining some foothold. “I get that you’re frustrated and angry, but this isn’t how we work-”
“My dad died. And this is everything that used to be him, his whole life. I-”, he has to stop there. He takes a breath, and another. The pounding of his heart eases a little. The man steps closer, looking like wants to touch him again. Dean draws back in an automatic response, fixating on a half-opened box, where an old, familiar plaid shirt is peeking out.
“Good night Dean”, he mumbles. Dean lays on his back, watching the silhouette next to him in the darkness, listening Cas’ breathing get slower and deeper when he falls asleep. He very carefully turns on his side, inching closer to Cas under the guise of sleeping, and Cas doesn’t move away.
The waiter comes to take their order, Dean pointing at a picture with barbequed ribs, and Cas picks out few dishes Dean’s never even heard of. Cas fills their glasses with water, while they wait for food. There’s a decent crowd inside, loud chatter and oriental music drowning out all other sounds. Dean tries to spy if the food people are eating looks edible, scanning the nearby tables unnoticeably.
“Angels? So you’re sure about that?”
“So, I’m just supposed to let you go? What about your wound? What about the body?”
“Just to be clear here, Yoda here feels some disturbances in the force that may or may not coincide with some clearly hexed murders and you’re ready to jump the gun already?” Dean opens his mouth for the first time, ignoring Castiel completely, drilling holes into Sam with his fiery glare. Sam sighs heavily, looking like he was expecting this.
“Listen, I have no time to explain, but it’s not safe here. You need to go back or- or hide in one of these rooms, okay?” Belatedly he realizes that the nurse is looking at his bloody hand and the incomplete sigil with wary suspicion. Shit. Slowly, she drags her eyes from the gory sight and regards him with newfound blank professionalism.
“Not much. They’ve acted weirdly, like
And when Dean kissed him the first time, it had felt like something coming to be that had been long brewing underneath, and he welcomed it with a flutter in his heart that he had never experienced. They both accepted the new realities surprisingly easy, slowly diving deeper into this thing through trial and error, because Castiel has to face it – they both just as clueless with how to handle emotions this deep.
"Thank you." He had simply said, the taste of Dean still lingering in his mouth. The words had unlocked the built-up tension in the hunter, and Dean had chuckled, glancing in Castiel's direction in mock disbelief.
“Dean?” The familiar voice on the speaker makes Dean almost cry with relief.
“There he is. You can drop me off here”, Cas says, excitement lighting up his voice, already waving at someone from his seat, and there’s a handsome, dark-haired man standing in front of a cafe, who smiles widely when he spots Cas in the car. Cas holds up his finger, signaling the man to wait and turning to him, and Dean can’t remember if he’s ever looked that excited to see him.
“You’re a fucking piece of shit. For coming back. Acting like you can fix this with few words,” Dean growls right in his face, feeling the other man’s hot breath on his lips. Their bodies are nearly pressed together, Dean’s grip tightening even more. Cas wears an unreadable expression on his face, searching his eyes for something, risking a quick glance at his lips, and the pressure just… pops.
“What the fuck, Cas? You’re gonna leave? It’s the middle of the night!” Dean sits up, some anger bleeding through the painful clenching of his heart, bolstering him again because he needs those walls back up and fucking fast. Cas doesn’t look at him when he pulls his sweater on in rough movements, jaw clenched.
“What?” Dean rasps out, disoriented. He blinks to focus his vision, sees Sam craning his neck to get a quick look at him, then turning his head back forward. They’re moving. The steady rumble of the Impala feels less soothing underneath him when they speed on the uneven road, painfully reminding Dean of his wounds. He lifts his heavy head and spots silhouettes of bushes and trees outside the window.
“It’s not-“
“Okay, cool, nice talk. I think I need more drinks.” Dean excuses himself clumsily from the table to get more drinks from the bar, heart still racing. He doesn’t want to think about what’s happening here, it’s too fucking weird. He orders some specialty brew in a large pint and another beer for Cas. The pint turns to multiple pints; Dean’s in a hurry to drink himself to blackout. Cas is much more moderate in his drinking, so he attempts to keep Dean in check too. Dean almost loses his shit, when Cas confides that since Gabe’s bankruptcy, he’s almost ran away twice with two different C-list porn stars, and he’s been running illegal casinos, burning through his money faster than you can spell “jail time”. Dean’s trying to stay cool about it, until Cas absolves him, granting that it is slightly insane. When Dean’s speech becomes too slurred, while he’s trying to insist the accusations against Gabe are totally unfounded and unfair, Cas calls it a night, shutting down all Dean’s protests patiently. Cas steadies him, when Dean sways slightly while getting up, staying close behind as he staggers towards the front door, room spinning unpleasantly.
“Can I ask you something?” Cas says, breath tickling his skin. Dean hums questioningly. “How long?” And Dean understands it at once.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You walked here?” Cas asks, mouth close to his ear. Dean turns slightly, catches his eye over his shoulder. He still looks sharp, face little flushed from the warmth and alcohol.
“Only the best for you, Samantha.” Settling into their usual routines, they go over the usual wards, shower, a gun inspection and junk food. The familiarity feels comforting and Dean realizes they haven’t done this after the Mark had gotten worse, before it all went to shit because of him. It still hits him sometimes, often completely out of the blue, the feeling that there’s something eating away at his insides, the burn in his arm. But his hands don’t tremble anymore if he doesn’t kill, and the killing doesn’t make his skin tingle in pleasure, so he has to take that as a guarantee that everything is fine and dandy now.
“What do you want?” Cas asks again, giving him the space to breathe. Dean’s throat works as he’s trying to sparse together coherent words, and he pushes the suddenly stifling covers off him, kicking them aside. The chilly air brushes against his heated skin, making it prickle.
"Dean. You don't have to do this." Castiel let out the raspy words, clambering up in the middle of some books, little shaky. He kept eyeing the man in alarm as he was collecting himself, slightly surprised that Dean allowed him this little pause. The man kept pacing back and forth in front of him, and Castiel could feel it. The erratic, violent pulse echoing in the back of his own skull that kept the hunter moving so restlessly. Dean was hardly the master of his urges no longer, but he wasn't gone yet.
“Listen, Susan. That thing was something bad and dangerous. And-and it wants to kill me, and no one is safe if I stay here. So, you need to let me and my brother go, okay?” Dean tries to make this as simple and smooth as possible, but there’s no way to sugarcoat a bloodthirsty angel on a murder spree.
Throughout the day, Dean draws strength from the short text Cas sends him that morning. He reads it when he wakes up and puts on the black suit, which he has dug up from the forgotten cavities of his closet. He reads it again, when they get to the cemetery. Sam is quiet and sullen, eyes downcast like he can find some solace there, and Dean makes sure to check up on him often during the day. He hates seeing his brother this way. The preparations for the funeral are mostly done, so they wait for the meager amount of guests to trickle into the small chapel, greeting them at the doors. Dean gives them a firm handshake and a warm smile, thanking everyone who comes. Sam is acting just as gracious, happy to see some old family acquaintances, although his tone is more hushed than usual. There’s Bobby, of course. Some of his coworkers, few of his father’s friends, mostly vets, who’ve come to pay the respects to the man who they hadn’t seen in years. No actual relatives come, neither of them actually knows whether they even have living kin. John Winchester burned a lot of bridges while he was alive, and the empty benches remind Dean of absent people, who were once part of their everyday life.
Dean settles on leaning on an unsteady, worn-down drawer, arms crossed defensively over his torso. He keeps his eyes averted from Castiel, who kind of just wanders about, like he can’t decide where to stand, and instead he shuffles his feet restlessly in the middle of the room. It’s more difficult being alone with Cas than Dean thought. His instincts are attuned to the small, familiar sounds the angel produces, the quiet huffs he makes, the light footsteps. And there’s always that
“Look, Sam. I’m sorry about this morning. I…shouldn’t take this out on you, man. It’s just…all this crazy shit that’s been happening and I can’t seem to catch a break. It’s my burden to bear and I’ll try to leave you out of this mess.” He evades all the jagged details, but now, this has to be enough. Dean can’t quite bear to look at Sam when he forces out his apology, instead focusing on his hands, fiddling nervously with the mouth of the bottle. Sam doesn’t hesitate at all when he answers softly.
He tries to plant his hands wider to hold himself up, but his strength is waning, and Sam takes note of that at once, reaching under his armpit, and he hoists Dean carefully upward, using his own body as support. Dean’s side twinges something nasty, sucking his breath away, but he tries to hide it as best he can. Sam notices, of course.
Dean’s heart feels lighter by the time they refill their cups the third time. There’s something about Castiel that makes him lose awareness of his surroundings and the track of time, and they’ve been talking for awhile. There’s a comfortable lull in the conversation, and Dean figures he’s taken enough of Castiel’s time already. He’s reluctant to leave, but he can’t expect the other man to listen endlessly about his boring life, dead father or not. Maybe he can get some other stuff to drop off at the shelter. Maybe he’ll run into Castiel again. He finishes the coffee and shifts in his seat to get up.
The place was never a real home for either Dean and Sam, but it holds memories, good and bad. It was just a house where their dad settled after he got tired of running.
, never mind the pathetic amount of sleep he got.
Cas opens the door, and Dean’s focus is immediately drawn to what’s in the center of the room, while the rest of the bland decorum is a blur. One, king-sized bed. He glances at Cas like this is a mathematical equation he can’t solve. Where does the other person sleep? The other man must’ve read the confusion and thinly veiled nervousness on his face like an open book, because he looks at Dean with a very careful expression, something unrecognizable flashing behind his eyes.
“-isolated houses, yeah, okay,” Sam finishes but Dean feels the panicked chokehold lessen around them. Good. All energy just drains out of him in one heavy sigh. His eyelids feel too heavy to resist and he closes them, just for a second.
“Look, Dean. I may have...overreacted.” Dean scoffs.
“What about you? You looked like you had some fun with that, um, friend of yours.” Dean almost stumbles on his words, attempting to sound casual, and he hopes Cas didn’t notice his slip-up. The man smiles and nods in response.
“And we’re sorry it has come to this. But Dean’s right. He’s killed a lot of people already and will continue to do so.” Sam looks understanding, but decisive. Jesus, his brother has been through a wringer in the past day, but he doesn’t falter, already planning their next move. It makes Dean proud, seeing him take the lead like this.
Shutting Dean out of it. But then Cas shakes his head, frowning. “Actually, that’s not the whole truth. I had a thing for him back then, but he wanted to escape Lawrence right after graduation, because of all the small-minded people and their small-minded opinions. Living in a small town as a gay man can be hard, you know? So the big city offered him a fresh start. And I stayed friends with him.” He watches Dean carefully, not breaking the keen eye-contact. Dean’s sure he’s waiting for him to say something stupid, something that finally will convince him that he’s just one of those jerks, and Dean doesn’t want to fail this test. Dean struggles with his words, buying time for himself by fiddling with his water glass.
“I just gotta ask you, are you absolutely sure you want to leave things like that with Cas?” Irritation perks up with the headache Dean thought was gone already. Sam’s doing his finest being his Jiminy Cricket.
“That’s very kind of you.” His praise makes Dean uncomfortable and he clears his throat, breaking the eye contact.
Waking up alone is something he should be already familiar with, but somehow his body refuses to accept this somewhat new reality. Dean feels nothing when he fixes his blurry vision to the empty spot in his bed. He feels everything.
“Fine. Be a fucking stubborn ass, if you want to,” he says finally, and swings the door open excessively hard.
“How am I? Seriously? You brought me here to exchange pleasantries?”
“Okay?” Sensing that he’s about to walk into a trap, Dean picks up the spoon nonetheless, taking a tentative sip of the soup. The chili burn hits his mouth few seconds later, and he tries to blink the sudden tears from his eyes.
Sometime during the trip, Castiel placed his hand in his, twining their fingers together, and Dean hasn’t let go since. It feels comforting, the warmth, a reminder that they are here and they are mostly okay.
that. I keep seeing you kneeling on that fuckin floor, bloody, and I think, I did that.” His voice betrays him, and he has to take a moment to gather his breath. Sam clears his throat quietly. They both are tumbling over the edge and he can’t help it. “And I did that to Cas. I did all of that to the people I’m supposed to protect, so how the hell I’m supposed to look myself in the mirror, huh? And it…it gets so much sometimes, Sam. I feel like I don’t deserve the chances and lifelines you’re giving me.” The last admission doesn’t come easy, it burns him on the way out, and leaves him incredibly bare and ashamed. He fixes his eyes on the passing scenery outside, so he doesn’t have to look at the probable rejection on his brother’s face. Dean feels so spent and weary, like he’s given his everything.
They stare at each other for a while, unblinking, and Dean keeps expecting Raguel to speak up, try to defend himself, spout some religious bullshit, anything. But he remains quiet, and it just makes it more difficult. It feels more like an execution, and that brings so many unwanted memories and deep-buried feelings of guilt back to surface.
“Dean, what feelings?”
“So, a 54-year-old man kills a priest by hitting him repeatedly with a blunt object, yelling how unclean his soul is and other religious crap like that. The witnesses tell that the man’s eyes and ears were heavily bleeding during this, and get this, he spontaneously explodes right there in the middle of the church. Like a full-on explosion with guts flying everywhere. Now, according to the wife, the man wasn’t religious and didn’t even know the priest. Apparently, he was acting really strange the whole afternoon, and then just…walked out of the house without saying anything. This was in…” Sam pauses and skims the text, “Lawton, Oklahoma.”
“I’m right here, Sammy,” Dean interjects sharply, but the slur in his voice makes his authority less convincing. Holding eye contact seems like a feat at the moment, so he detachedly concentrates on his idle, bloodied hands resting uselessly at his sides. There’s a lot of blood on them, caked in the creases of his palm, fresh blood that leaves careless stains everywhere on the floor and his gown. Maybe leaving the hospital isn’t such a good idea. But hey, Winchesters thrive on bad ideas.
, and Dean has to shield his eyes from it.
“I’m up. Hit me.” He sits opposite of his brother, playing with his coffee mug. Sam simply shrugs, clicks something and starts reading aloud.
When Dean’s alone in bed, small tendrils of doubt are able to slip past the impenetrable walls. He wanted to kiss Cas so badly. He wanted to feel his soft lips touch his own, and he wanted to feel the scruff of his stubble, inhale that homy aroma of wood and old buildings Cas carries with him. He wanted to touch Cas.
but Cas makes a tired gesture with his hands, shutting them both up.
“Stop messing around", he growled impatiently, and Castiel had to suppress the sudden need to smile. This part at least felt familiar, Dean getting frustrated with him. He retreated his fingers and positioned himself, gripping Dean's hips when he pushed his cock past his entrance and into the warm tightness. Castiel let his eyes close, savor this sweet feeling for a moment, but the man underneath him wasn’t interested in letting him adjust. Dean wrapped his legs around him, pushing him even deeper, both of them trying to find their breathing in unison. Castiel thrust into him experimentally, and Dean started to fumble for something to hold on to. He grabbed Castiel’s arms, wound up higher, ending up behind his neck and pulling him forward, teeth ready to latch on to his throat. To tear out his jugular, or simply plant rough kisses there, Castiel didn’t know and frankly didn’t care. Another thrust, and his neck was hot with Dean's shaky breaths, when the man buried his head into his shoulder. He rested his head against Dean's temple, feeling his short hair tickle his cheek, sensing every part of their bodies connect, sweaty, bruised skin against skin, Dean's cock poking his stomach, him deep inside the other man.
“What?! He asked you on a
“Just let me do this”, Dean implores, his voice so quiet he can barely hear it himself. Cas lets out a shaky exhale, his body relaxing slightly. Dean hooks his fingers under the waistband of his boxers, trailing his fingers through the coarse hair and grabs Cas’ cock, skin against skin. It’s hot and dry, and Cas actually groans out loud, instantly thickening further in his hand. Dean starts jacking him off slowly, and it suddenly feels silly he’s got his hand on Cas’ dick but they aren’t even kissing, so he leans closer to find Cas’ mouth in the dark. It’s a little sloppy, but it seems Cas has the same idea and their lips crash against each other with little finesse, and Dean wouldn’t trade it for anything else in the world. Cas’ hand moves up to his jaw, gently cupping his face, as they find a similar rhythm in between their kisses. Turns out, Cas is a meticulous and very thorough kisser, as if he’s trying to map every inch of Dean with his lips and find out what he likes. He still tastes of toothpaste; Dean can probably never wash his teeth without popping a boner from now on.
They reach the Impala and seeing her there, the sleek, black and familiar curves, makes Dean feel a little bit better. He reaches out an unsteady hand, touches the wet chrome surface in a silent greeting. Sam allows him this moment, before he starts bustling around, opening the door to the backseat and positioning the wheelchair closer. The transition to the car isn’t any easier than the previous ones; Dean’s got so little juice in the tank, he’s practically a ragdoll that Sam tries to move around without ripping open the seams. He clutches Sam’s arms desperately and refuses to believe that the small, broken whimpers he hears are his own.
“Nothing, uh, it would just be…” Dean pauses, trying to find the right words.
He can see the nurse’s eyes widening in fear, fixed somewhere behind him, but he reacts a second too late, only starting to turn around when he registers bony fingers scraping against his scalp and his head is slammed hard against the wall before him, fast like a lightning. There’s a moment when everything just fades away before Dean’s yanked back to consciousness by loud shrieking. It feels like a thunderstorm inside his skull, all sharp twinges and hollow ringing, and he slumps forward, held up only by an iron grip on his hair, twisting and pulling it.
“So it still isn’t clear to me, how did you guys meet?” Sam with his three thousand fucking questions, almost like he’s interviewing whether Cas makes for a suitable bride.
to be near him, no matter how long they’ve been apart. The ceiling light flickers occasionally, filling the room with yellowed, dull light. It casts sharp shadows on Cas' downward features. The angel is constantly fidgeting with his hands, still trying to find the courage to look Dean in the eye. This seems like the whole other end of the spectrum of Castiel’s unpredictable behavior as opposed to the harsh, distant angel that was adamant on leaving. Dean will get whiplash eventually.
“Shit, no, Cas, I’m sorry, I don’t mean that in a bad way, we never really just discussed it so I was just surprised, but I mean it’s totally cool-” Cas holds up his hand, shutting Dean up effectively.
Dean manages to avoid Cas for the next week successfully. And he very resolutely ignores the reason, why he’s suddenly acting so weird around him. He picks up extra shifts at work, dragging Benny and others he works with to bars afterwards, where they hang out to wee hours of morning. He drinks way too much, nursing massive headaches that remind him that he can’t hold his liquor in his thirties as well as he did ten years ago. He blasts music in his car so loud that it leaves his ears ringing. Anything to fill the silences, that creep up on Dean when he’s lying on his bed, remembering that he saw a dream about his best friend and now it’s messing with his head.
he wants to say. A stupid, insignificant inside-joke between them that has stuck throughout the years, right from the beginning when Cas seemed confused about the concept of sleeping together. And he hates that he can’t say it, a reminder that Cas feels like home to him. And now the bond between them is frayed, yet Dean’s not sure he can fix it. He’s not sure if the whispered “goodnight” passes his lips when he shoulders past Cas, but he hears the other man speak in a thin voice behind him.
"Stop? What if I don't want to?" His voice was deeper, darker, escaping from his lips like he was coming out of a dream.
“Just fucking go,” he huffs, sounding awfully quiet. Seeing the damage Castiel has done,
“You stay down”, he let out an uncharacteristic, low drawl that stilled Dean for heartbeat. Castiel got out of his trousers quickly, letting them pool around his ankles, his erection finally freed and throbbing violently. That had been something to get used to in the beginning. Dean eyed him with vague approval, still harboring that spark of rebellion and chaotic bloodlust that he didn’t care hiding.
“Yes, of course I have! Listen to me, Dean. You’re sabotaging your life with this self-blame. You’re sabotaging other people with it too.”
"Yeah yeah Casanova, stop trying to smooth talk me." And he had started the car with the familiar roar of engine, and Castiel had known without looking that Dean also had that dumbstruck smile awkwardly spreading all over his face, similar to his. Castiel had bit his cheek to stop the feeling from bubbling all over his limbs and body. Who knew happiness could be such a physical feeling.
“I’ve never met Raguel, but I know of him. He was one of the higher-ranking angels in Heaven, and responsible for judging errant and undisciplined angels if they had transgressed God’s laws, casting them out of Heaven if the crime had been grave enough. He was also a ruthless soldier, and a traditionalist, siding with Michael. He never held much interest in humans, nor Earth for that matter, regarding all of this-“ Cas gestures with his hands like he could encompass every living thing with one single motion, -“as a glorified playground for brainless apes.” Dean raises his eyebrows in disbelief.
Sam notices it too, how Dean spends more time on the phone than usual, and how he feels somehow lighter. He has made it back home to help with the final funeral preparations, after getting the extended vacation approved. It’s been too long since he’s seen his brother, but they quickly fall back to their old routines of teasing and being smartasses, but foremost Sam is the only person who understands him fully. Lending support to one another in this situation feels comforting, even though Dean might insist he doesn’t need it.
Dean’s not sure when his trembling hands ended up seeking support from the angel’s lithe body and the drawer behind them, but he comes suddenly very aware of the fact that Cas is driving him, both of them, by the sounds of it, towards the brink. The angel is doing his best to make it good for Dean, doing it just the way he knows drives him crazy. And somehow it feels wrong, the niceness and how Cas is still thinking about him first. He just wants to get off, as rough and hard as he can. None of that feelings-crap.
for the experience.
“So to clarify, he’s getting a room for us?” Castiel asks, and Dean rolls his eyes at him.
“Help me sit,” Dean orders weakly instead, nodding towards the wall next to him. He hates it that he has to ask that, he hates it that he can’t do it himself. Sam complies without a word, manhandling him gently towards the wall and helping him settle, whispering encouragements that Dean can’t make sense of. Every little movement and jolt travels down his side, sending electric shocks of pain into his ankle. He tries to take some of his weight as Sam helps him to lean down, swallows down a sharp cry that almost escapes his throat when the wound feels like it’s getting ripped open from the inside in the process. He feels Sam’s hands on his shoulders, heavy, holding him up. His head hurts.
Dean decides to give this place one more chance and heads for the office, climbing the concrete stairs quietly. He slips the gun free from his jeans, the weight of the Colt in his hand grounding him soothingly, takes cover against the wall to listen for any noise inside the office. It’s quiet. The silence feels almost deafening, but Dean can’t sense anyone’s presence in the room. He heads inside, gun ready. Empty. As he thought. There’s a messy desk in the center, filled with papers, tools and office supplies, and an old computer. Several cabinets are lined along the corners of the room. Dean sweeps the room dutifully, but even his trained eye can’t find any dirty secrets the victim might’ve hidden there. He sighs again, stops in the middle of the room, letting his eyes fall on the old computer. He belatedly notices that the power button on the monitor flashes blue every few seconds. That catches Dean’s interest. Has someone been here recently? He walks to the door and lets his sharp gaze roam over the hall beneath him once more. The place is like a grave. Undisturbed and dusty.
“What? I told you to go, because I was a fuckin coward. Cas, you didn’t do anything.” Dean tries to get up on his elbows, because he feels so powerless lying there, but all air escapes him when a flare of sharp pain forces him back down.
Bobby saves him by clapping him on the shoulder briskly.
“You’re a stubborn-“ Dean’s callout is cut off by the loud slam of the door closing. Fine then. Be like that.
“G-get me my clothes, I want this stupid thing off me,” he mutters and yanks the hem of the garb pointedly.
“I can do it myself,” Dean protests weakly, sinking back against the door. Sam shoots him an incredulous look, before putting the finishing touches on the warding symbol.
“Honestly? I don’t know. There’s been a constant shitstorm happening ever since we got rid of the Mark, and you’ve been fighting with Cas and we’ve been fighting each other non-stop and there wasn’t…there wasn’t any point where we could catch a break and return to normal, you know? And I feel like… Back then, with the Mark, I was prepared to mourn for a brother that didn’t want my help, and I did mourn you. But you came back, yet I still felt like I had lost you, because you were just…
he thinks, dragging him down for an uncoordinated kiss to drive the smirk off his lips. Cas responds by cupping his tightened balls, rolling and squeezing them in a way he knows Dean likes it, but soon his hand travels lower and he instinctively spreads his thighs to let Cas continue his explorations.
“Yeah, I just wasn’t sure you were up to it, so I’ve been looking it over myself.” Sam says somewhat hesitantly, eyes moving over his three-day scruff and the dark circles under his eyes. Given the recent events, it might be a reasonable reaction, but at the same time he feels a pang of hurt and anger that Sam even thought about leaving him on the sidelines.
Dean breaks the eye contact. He can’t drag this out any further, better be done with it than delay the inevitable. They can’t let him live. Coldness settles under his skin, and he has to force his uncooperative muscles to move. He twirls the angel blade in his hand, mustering a rueful smile.
Castiel reaches the library and freezes at the doorstep. A single lamp lights the room, and Dean’s solitary form paints silent shadows at the walls. He’s deep in thought, a book and a bottle of whiskey in front of him. Castiel considers turning back, but he has to do this at some point. He steps hesitantly into the room, and Dean stirs. They lock gazes, and Dean takes in Cas' formal attire.
“I work at Lawrence Community Shelter, managing the everyday-life there, like food, lodgings, basic necessities and things like that for homeless people. We have our own counselors, but I assist them as well, to help people to look for jobs and apartments. A lot of times I just listen.” Cas speaks humbly as always, and Sam makes the appropriate impressed expression that people tend to do, when one reveals they’re an actual living saint.
(See the end of the chapter for
messed up the only good thing he had managed to build with Castiel and now he has no idea where they stand. And last but not least, Rowena has escaped and Dean is sporting his own, impressive set of bruises, courtesy of hexed Cas. Karma's a bitch, and the punishment feels very much deserved.
"Stop telling me crap I already know! I'm
Dean waits until he’s sure Cas is asleep when he finally finds the courage to send the message.
“You think it stopped just because you moved away?” Dean challenges Sam, frantically trying to reclaim his shaken composure. It’s been ages since they’ve fought about this, but that scar has evidently never healed right, and it’s always a low blow to bring that up in an argument. He regrets it the instant the words tumble out of his mouth. Sam purses his lips in frustration, trying not get riled up by his accusations. He holds Dean’s gaze silently, a wounded look crossing his features.
“Shut up, you know I don’t have a girlfriend.”
The fifth thing Castiel had always known, was that Dean was constantly plagued by his self-loathing and insecurities. No amount of love or cherish could make the voices go away, striking Dean in his weakest moments.
Cas might send him or any other ridiculous tidbits Dean didn’t know he needed. Most of the time it doesn’t make any sense and it always manages to light him up. They make movie nights a thing too; Cas mostly showing him over-artistic French films, usually in black and white, while Dean tries to school him on the real classics. They never go over well. Cas introduces his home almost shyly, pointing out the vast collection of furniture he has crafted by himself. He gets even more shy when Dean excitedly gushes over his skills. The most impressive piece is the queen-sized bed, which takes up almost all of the space in the bedroom. But still, he takes to sending pictures of his works in progress with modest commentary, and Dean can sense that it’s a really personal thing for Cas too to take that step.
makes it thousand times worse. He doesn’t want to think about it. If he does, he’d have to remember this isn’t exactly the first time he’s had a wet dream about someone, who has a stubbled jaw and a hard cock pressing up to his own- he can’t think about it. Panic washes over Dean. The cold water hurts his skin, but he doesn’t want to get out, even though he’s shaking like a leaf. He just stands there, frozen, unable to breathe. He has been spending way too much with Cas. Yes, that must be it. Sharing a bed, dinner, roadtripping together- his brains just got their wires crossed. He exhales shakily.
“It’s an angel. Raguel. He had planted a tracking spell inside of you, and I disarmed it by accident. But I felt his presence, before he cast me out.”
“That…doesn’t sound like much of a pattern. So, what connects these killings?” Dean takes a long sip from his coffee, relieved to distract himself with a case, despite the fact he feels like he’s been run over.
“There’s some coffee left. Looks like you need it,” he greets Dean, who grunts in return. Dean pours some for himself, shuffling over to his brother to see what he’s doing, the smell of hot coffee waking up him a little.
“Sam.” His brother stops, turns around slowly, waiting for Dean to carry on. “I’m sorry. And thanks…for, you know, saving my ass back there, and, um, sticking by me.” It’s not elegant, and nothing but a skeletal version of an apology owed,
Cas looks bewildered and shaken, until he visibly gathers his thoughts and a guarded look slips in place. “I- I thought that was clear to you, Dean.” He says carefully.
Dean wants to answer, he wants to get up himself and dust the imaginary dirt off his jacket like nothing happened, not to lay on the ground like a fucking Resusci Anne Mannequin.
a voice inside of him whispers.
“Shut up and come here”, Dean grumbles, pulling Cas towards him again, and he crawls over Dean’s body on all fours to kiss him roughly, strongly tasting of precum. Dean finds that he doesn’t mind that as much as he would’ve thought. He slides his hands down Cas’ back, attacking his sweater, undressing Cas hurriedly, and Cas seems to notice that he’s still wearing his jeans and opts to shove them down his legs, equally rushed. Finally naked, Dean revels in touching Cas’ shoulders, running his hands down his well-toned chest, until Cas leans down again, bringing their cocks together, and
“It means they are very strong.” Castiel looks solemnly at Sam, even daring to glance at Dean, who very pointedly looks in other direction. Sam's expression is earnest, and he's nodding his head thoughtfully.
He’s aware that Bobby and Sam stay in touch regularly, I mean why wouldn’t they, at times Bobby was more like a father to them than their own dad. But he knows Sam is keeping tabs on him too, behind his back, trusting Bobby to tell him things Dean won’t, especially on times when Dean feels worse.
“How come one of has to almost die before we talk about this stuff, huh?” Sam laughs, a sound that bursts out of him equal parts genuine relief and amusement. Dean sees him wipe his eyes discreetly, trying to disguise it as casual movement of brushing his hair back with his fingers.
“You should let me heal that,” Cas says at last, tensing when Dean turns to look at him with a guarded look. The angel holds up his hand, hesitant to get closer to Dean. That makes an unexpected flare of rage burn through Dean and he clenches his jaw, retreating as far away as he can from the healing touch. He doesn’t deserve this. And he’s seriously pissed off at how calm the angel seems. He should be screaming out his hurt, how Dean left Cas, but the angel seems to have lost of his courage alongside with Rowena’s curse, only capable of tiptoeing around the volcanic matter that is their lives. Cas visibly sinks back in his seat when Dean recoils from the touch, looking miserable and tired.
“What? Where?” Sam is the one to speak out.
"Dean, please forgive me." Castiel's voice was low, barely cutting above the heavy silence. Carefully he sat himself at the edge of the bed, and never breaking the eye contact, took Dean's hand carefully into his own. It was warm, Castiel's palm pressing against the back of his hand, fingers finding the steady pulse in his wrist.
shuffling to the bathroom.
“I’m Castiel.” Dean flicks his eyes to watch the man, to see any traces of fake sympathy or pity on his face. Castiel looks back, earnest. His eyes have a very expressive quality about them, the kind of unguarded purity that Dean can’t help but to admire. He extends his hand and grips Castiel’s hand. His handshake is firm and rough, calluses standing out on his palms.
Sam sounds exhausted.
“I’ve been humiliated enough today. No…No, uh, naked junk on my car seats,” he stumbles around the words. He hears Sam’s long, suffering sigh.
“Shut it, nerd. The real question here is
“Yes, right up at the far end.”
“I think Raguel just seeks out souls that emit certain types of negative feelings, like regret, shame, anger, or sadness,” he says carefully. Dean shakes his head in frustration at that.
Oh god, this is such a bad idea. This has to be the worst idea Dean’s ever had. Cas is coming over, having not said much over text except to agree with him and asking whether he’s available today after work. Dean’s pacing in the apartment, palms damp and feeling like a caged animal, pretending he’s not glancing at the clock every ten minutes. He finally forces himself to sit on the couch, a half-drank beer bottle clutched in his hand like a lifeline. Too late he realises the mess in the living room, empty cans and bottles tellingly cluttered around the floor and table. He contemplates cleaning after himself, but he can’t concentrate. Whatever. It’s not like Cas hasn’t seen him be a human disaster before. The snap of a lock opening startles Dean, when Cas enters the apartment with his spare key.
“Then what about Cas?” Sam changes the subject.
He glances behind him, but the corridor is empty, no footsteps, nothing. That doesn’t make him one bit relieved. The asshole is just toying with him.
“So, what do you want to do?” Somehow, both of them are staring at Dean now, as if he holds all the cards. There’s almost desperate quality in Cas' look, a silent “
talented carpenter on top of that. Show Sammy the cool shelf you’re making”, Dean interrupts, nudging Cas with his elbow, but the man shakes his head, uncomfortable with all the positive attention.
“Uh, yeah, I’m here. How bad is Dean? Can I talk to him?” Castiel finds his voice again.
"Okay, might as well get it over with, because I really wanna do this", Dean had muttered almost to himself, and before Castiel could ask what he meant by that, Dean had grabbed the angel's collar without a word and yanked him closer, bringing their lips together. Castiel had blinked, surprised, but let him easily, studying the rhythm of his lips and slowly beginning to match Dean's brash movements, tasting alcohol and something sweet, something that was uniquely Dean. To this day, the angel still remembered the thrill, the familiarity of it, pieces of an intricate puzzle finally finding their places, as Dean's fingers had tentatively caressed his hair in the midst of kisses. When the kiss had deepened, breath hot against each other's lips, Dean had pulled away abruptly. He slinked back to his own seat, not quite looking at Castiel, as if he was ashamed about how eager he had been. Castiel had touched his cheek hesitantly, not quite yet knowing what would set the other man off in the wrong moment.
“Good night, Cas.” Dean watches the back of Cas’ head, body thrumming with restless energy and more awake than he has felt in hours. He doesn’t sleep well that night, waking up every time Cas shifts or sighs in his sleep. Dean keeps listening to his steady breathing, but it doesn’t calm him down at all.
“I think we’ve gone over everything relevant. I’m so tired I can’t see straight,” he concedes, getting up and stretching his long limbs half-heartedly. Castiel takes the hint and gets up too, dusting the non-existent dirt off his pants. Sam turns to face him, face hidden from Dean’s view and gives him a subtle jerk of his head in his brother’s direction, eyebrows raised expectantly. Castiel gives him a confused squint in return, not sure what Sam wants with him, until Sam mouths “
they’re gonna share a bed. Why the fuck did he had to open his big mouth again? What if his dick is gonna act up this time too? Why didn’t he think this through at all?
Dean wakes up from his dream groggily, mouth tasting like shit and with a pounding headache. He rolls over, trying to find the familiar warmth next to him, until he comes to his senses and opens his bloodshot eyes.
“Dean.” The door has opened slightly, and Cas is peeking out with a scowl on his face. He looks pissed and sort of ready to slam the door in his face. Dean opens his mouth, struggles to find any words. Shit, he didn’t figure out what he should say at all.
“Sorry”, he mumbles, searching the angel’s eyes for hints of anger. They look dark, almost black in the mellow lighting, but ever so gentle, like he always does with Dean.
“Okay,” Sam confirms, nodding. There’s a moment of deep silence between them, which neither is willing to disturb. Just as it’s about to get uncomfortable, Dean smiles weakly.
“Dude, this isn’t about that-”
you. I almost killed my own brother. I wasn’t worth saving and still, you saved me, and all I can think about now is that I can never make up for it.” He stops to exhale shakily, blinks his eyes furiously to expel the unwelcome tears there. There’s a ball of anxiety sitting tightly on his chest, making it impossible to continue.
“And make me miss dinner? Hell no.”
But Castiel seems like a really cool guy and Dean wants to make a good impression on him. He doesn’t want Castiel to figure out that he’s just a regular loser with a lot of daddy-issues. So maybe he’s sort of lonely and in need of a friend, sue him.
“What’s wrong?”
Dean feels weightless for a second, and the time it takes his body to connect with the floor seems like forever. He finally crashes down hard, and he might lose few seconds of awareness, because when he comes back to himself, there’s only pain and loud, erratic gasps he first doesn’t realize are his own. He’s lying down on the cold floor face first, cheek pressing against the tiles, limbs in disarray. Something warm and thick is running down his forehead, pooling under his eye. He instinctively tries to curl in on himself, but
Sam lasts maybe two minutes in the car.
Oh fuck.
"Fine, Dean." Castiel spoke softly, and Dean half-expected to hear the sound of wings, but instead he heard a small shuffle when the angel settled down on his chair once again.
That’s what he comes up with? A girlfriend? Cas looks just as dumbfounded by this, blinking owlishly.
“What are you doing?”
“You’re doing great, just a second…” Sam’s encouragement fades in the background slowly and Dean tries to blink away the enclosing darkness.
“You think there are several angels involved in this? What are they trying to accomplish with these murders?” Sam asks, momentarily forgetting the tense atmosphere in the room. Castiel can practically see the wheels starting to turn in his head. Castiel had spent hours staring at his phone after he had hit a dead end with the case when he tried to work it by himself, for some reason expecting to see Sam’s or Dean’s call come in, but the phone stayed stubbornly dead. So, he had worked up his courage and called Sam, his chest tight with anxiety. That obnoxiously human sensation had carved a presence for itself in him after he left the bunker, flaring up in the most inopportune times. Sam had been little bit hesitant to pick up the case, knowing what Dean’s reaction was going to be, but in the end the hunter-side of him had won, knowing that innocent people needed them. And Dean was going to burn himself out like a flare.
"You left me, Cas. You just left me there." Dean whispered in a thick voice, letting out the hurt, holding Castiel's gaze with raw intensity. Castiel's deep blue eyes flooded with regret at Dean's blame. Such a human emotion to feel. Dean had taught him that.
“But, you know the funny thing about playing the victim? I didn’t have to think whether I was in the wrong too. It’s just…it gets harder to fix things when you convince yourself to think that you have no power over these things. But I was so ridden with guilt that I couldn’t see clearly. I still feel guilty, and I will probably always give myself a hard time with what I did, but now I just want to say that Cas, you didn’t do anything wrong. I cornered you, and you had no other choice any longer. So…I hope that you can forgive me.”
"I'll hold you on for that", Dean said lightly, this time voice steadier, and he raised the corners of his lips into a uncertain smile. Castiel just smiled back without saying a word. It really brought out the light in him, the way the corners of his eyes wrinkled and small dimples appeared on his cheeks. It was such a uncharacteristic thing to see, the stern angel softened by a caring smile. They stayed like that for a while, and it felt easy, sharing the space, the warm touch, even the vulnerabilities.
Gasping for breath, Dean takes couple of tentative steps backwards, risks a glance in both directions, noting that the corridor completely dark and empty. What the fuck did this angel do, fry the whole hospital to get to Dean? The whole thing feels like a beginning of a bad horror movie, and he has no other choice than to let this play out. There’s complete silence from inside the room, but Dean isn’t going to stick around waiting for the psycho angel to blast through the door. Letting his instincts take over, he starts hobbling in the direction where he thinks the exit might be. And he deliberately doesn’t take note of the complete lack of other people.
“Hello, Dean.” Castiel manages to rasp out, lungs tightening, and any apologies he was ready to spout as soon as he was face to face with Dean, get stuck in his throat. Dean swallows, muscles in his jaw jumping angrily as he glares at Castiel, unblinking. Castiel sees him clenching his fist on his side, flexing the fingers open and closed, the tendons visible in his hand.
“Dean, on a good conscience, I can’t let you do that.”
“Good, good, you know. Cleaning out my dad’s house is kinda proving out to be bigger task than I thought.” Yeah. Especially looking at the mess he just made. “How are you? Any even as half as charming customers walking in at the shelter?” Dean tries for a joke, half-mortified with his flirtatious tone the second the words come out of his mouth.
Dean blinks his eyes open. He’s not entirely sure when he closed them. His head feels mushy and sluggish. Resting time’s over.
“Take it easy, both of you,” he calls over his shoulder before exiting the kitchen and Dean lifts the bottle in salute. As soon as his footsteps fade into the hallway, the silence between Dean and Cas turns so bitter he can almost taste it. He takes another sip from his beer just to wash the taste away. He doesn’t know how to fix this. The helplessness makes him want to crawl into himself. Cas seems to be shrinking smaller with each passing moment too, torn between giving Dean miserable looks or opening his mouth.
“Fine then,” Dean snaps, throwing his hands in the air sharply. He returns to his stoic staring contest with the floor. Cas has followed the exchange quietly, willing Dean glance in his direction even once. But the hunter isn’t exactly known for his mellow temperament. Sam raises his eyebrows in exasperated look and shakes his head minutely to Cas.
"Cas, we need you." Dean wavered on his knees, his hand hesitantly touching the angel's worn-out sleeve of his familiar jacket, his silent form looming over him. Castiel had really worked him over, half of his face swelling from countless bruises. Blood stained his upper lip and teeth, a crushing reminder that he was utterly helpless in front of God's soldiers when push came to shove. Castiel had hit him over and over again, sharp pain shredding in his face and broken wrist. He still held on Dean's arm with his relentless grip, and he really didn't how was he gonna come up topside in this situation anymore.
(See the end of the chapter for
he can hear a sharp inhalation behind him, when the sound of rustling startles Cas awake. It takes a second for him to get his bearings, but apparently he figures out pretty fast he’s got Dean trapped between the wall and his dick by the low cursing under his breath. He tries to shuffle backwards without alerting Dean, and it abruptly triggers something in him, so he turns quickly, facing Cas and putting a hand on his chest to stop him, feeling Cas’ thundering heartbeat under the tips of his fingers.
and he’s pretty sure Cas blurted that out accidentally. He watches the other man desperately fishing for something to say, something to fix this mess with, but he falls short, a tinge of red flushing his cheeks with embarrassment. This is going downhill, fast.
“Divide and conquer, Sammy. You deal with the stiff, I’ll deal with the weeping widow.” He points at the doors with his thumb, keeping his face blank.
“Yeah, alright,” Dean mutters. “But won’t it weaken you? Shouldn’t you save your strength if they’re coming?” Cas let’s his face soften, when he looks at Dean.
“I’m not- Look, I’m just trying to get to know your life, but you’re snapping at my fingers every time I even ask you something. I’m not a jerk, okay?”
“Dean, I- I get that you’re going through a rough time, I really do. And from what I’ve gathered, you seem to be the type of person, who has a hard time accepting help. You want to push people away, because it’s easier to deal with hardship alone, rather than to risk it and trust people. Am I close?”
“You sleep okay?” Dean rolls his eyes again at the question. The inquisition never stops.
“Okay, can we start this over? Cas, I’m glad I know now and I got your back, no matter what.” He smiles in a way he hopes to be reassuring, even though this new revelation has put him off balance for some reason. Cas smiles back, finally, but there’s something wary in his eyes like he’s waiting for the other shoe to drop.
-look from his brother. Prude. He motions Sam to continue, rolling his eyes.
“Dad’s death. I should’ve gone to check up on him. He didn’t answer my calls and I- I should’ve gone to see if he’s okay, but I thought, hey, it’s dad, he never answers his phone anyway, and I’ll see him next week, but he had fuckin died in his chair and I was a fuck-up who let his own fuckin dad die, because I was too lazy to even go check he was okay. He could still
Dean started to stir, coming up from below the surface, and he immediately began pushing Castiel off him without uttering a word. The gesture broke some little piece of Castiel that still held on to hope. Usually this was the space where Dean had allowed himself letting to be seen, even to be vulnerable, although that hadn’t been easy at first. Even accepting Castiel’s words of tender encouragement had been difficult, let alone admitting that how much he enjoyed it. But they had gotten there eventually, and Dean had proven he could be really into chick-flick-moments once he gave it a go, their limbs tangled, soft words whispered between the kisses. Now Dean didn’t spare a glance at him when he slid off the table, searching for his clothes and then discarding them when he saw the shape they were in. Stark naked, he headed towards his room, walking little uneven. Castiel got up too, feeling so empty all of a sudden now that he had been bled dry of every inflamed thought, every accusation and all that anger and primal lust. He picked up his clothes, slipping his trousers back on, not minding his sticky body, examining the ruined shirt Dean had ripped off. That wasn’t the only thing that needed fixing, he thought, eyes flicking back to the bodies.
The raspy words echoed in the crypt, the undisturbed dust floating peacefully in the dim light. Nobody had set their foot inside the ancient crypt in ages, judging by its' dry, decayed smell. Dean gathered his waning strength to speak out again.
he can’t sleep in the same bed as Cas, and he’s not even sure why, but he just knows he
Castiel snarls and charges forward, his blade poised ready, but the old man merely raises his hand, throwing Castiel back hard. He hits the wall, more surprised than hurt, and gets up at once, only to find heavy resistance every time he tries to take a step forward. He tries to strain against the pressure, muscles and ligaments almost snapping when his body can’t fight the invisible force.
“You’re good,” Sam says reassuringly, touches his clammy forehead lightly. Dean doesn’t have the energy to answer, but he pats his brother’s thigh as thanks. Sam gets out wordlessly and gets on the driver’s seat, shutting the door louder than necessary.
“Hi”, Castiel greets him sheepishly, lifting a bottle of wine in his hands, and Dean responds with a smile and a breathy
Sam and Dean prowl the house nervously, checking and double checking their weapons several times. They’ll have to rely on their angel blades, but it hasn’t stopped Dean from loading their guns with every special bullet they were able to find in the trunk of the Impala. Some refurnishing was necessary too – they piled the heavy pieces of furniture into hasty barricades, so that the brothers have some shelter once Raguel comes busting in. They’re both exhausted; Castiel can tell, but too wired to actually rest. Dean touches his shoulder occasionally when he passes by - a wordless confirmation that he’s okay, that they’re okay. Castiel takes comfort in the small gestures; every touch feels like it’s healing the rift that still exists somewhere between them.
“Sam?” He croaks, needing the reassurance that he’s alone. That’s when his eyes catch miniscule movement in the corner of the room, and he knows instinctively he’s in trouble. Sam isn’t here. He makes out the figure of a thin woman creeping closer, and he holds his breath, instantly mapping out the escape routes, taking stock of his body, muscles tensing. His limbs feel sluggish and weak, and there’s the uncomfortable pull of stitches on his side. There’s no way Dean can fight. He needs to
Dean lets them in his apartment, heading straight to the bedroom, making a space for Cas in his bed, while Cas shuts himself in the bathroom. His nerves are acting up again, making his palms sweaty, because
“Shut up.”
“You’ve done enough!” Dean raises his voice. Cas swallows and flinches, something cracking in his hastily put up defenses, looking at Dean like he shattered his whole world. Dean closes his eyes, runs a hand gingerly over his bruises.
“Where would we go? And how would you defend yourself, by bleeding on them?”
“Dean-“ Sam starts, but Dean glares at him, and his mouth snaps closed.
“Zelda, what’s that?” Castiel asks, eyeing a misplaced Nintendo game, stacked between Star Wars movies. Dean picks the game up excitedly, holds it for the man to see.
“Hey…we’re good, right?” He asks hesitantly.
"And how much blood is on your hands?" Castiel waved his hand toward the bodies on the floor who looked like they were laying very still to catch every word of their argument, spilling brain matter from their bullet entry points, judging silently. Dean inhaled sharply, and Castiel was certain that the man would try to rip him to pieces. He, however, wasn't certain which one was it who leaned closer and pressed their mouths together hungrily. Suddenly they were kissing, violently, without any regard to their bruises, blood smearing their lips, demanding hands sinking into each other's scalp and hair.
“Morning Sam. Dean.” Cas sounds just as tense. Dean nods in response, quickly shifting his gaze to his shoes.
“Sorry, couldn’t help it. And thanks, I’m not going to say no to that.” They fall silent after that. But there’s some tension weaved into it, and the atmosphere in the car becomes much more charged, and even Cas looks alert for the rest of the trip.
“Yeah, he had a business, but got involved in gambling and money laundering. It- it’s not a big deal, I bailed him out, but he’s owing some money to some guys he shouldn’t have messed with and they’re out to get him. But he’s dealing with it.” Cas shrugs, clearly trying to downsize the story.
“Wait, this is-“ Cas starts speaking and is abruptly cut off, when a bolt of lightning works through Dean’s body and his whole body spasms involuntary. He lets out a hoarse, strangled cry, teeth clenched tightly, and Cas jolts backwards. Just as quickly the debilitating pain disappears, leaving his muscles tightened like chords. Dean feels like he just got tasered and he blinks rapidly to bring himself back to the now, fighting to fill his lungs with air again. His heart pounds in his ears.
“Sam, I really tried to make you right. But you’re a lost cause with your European black and white-films. I give up.”
“Did you, um, mean what you said? Back at the cabin. About us being...serious about this.” Castiel has trouble finding the right words. Dean gives him a confused look, and then his eyes crinkle up in an almost bashful smile and he glances down.
“Dean, I think you might be the love of my life”, Cas breathes out, and yeah, that gets Dean speechless.
Dean glances suspiciously at the red paste, mixed with yellowish beans. “That looks way too healthy.”
“Fuck I’m so sorry, I-I phrased it all wrong, I just meant-” he begins, but Castiel breaks out in an amused and somewhat awkward laughter, his voice husky, and the tense atmosphere relaxes at once.
“Stop it,” he murmurs to himself, to get his head back in the game. All distractions are dangerous while Dean’s hunting, but he can’t seem to shake the heaviness that’s almost physically weighing him down.
Sam mumbles into the phone. There’s a loud sigh. “
“Yes. We take all sorts of donations, and all of the basic necessities are very much needed here. You can leave those boxes here, and I can come help and carry rest of the stuff inside.”
“Let me take care of you”, he rumbles in a deep voice that goes straight into Dean’s gut, and he complies with a breathless moan, gripping the sheets instead and closing his eyes, going pliant under Cas’ touch. He feels the brush of Cas’ hair against his temple, as the angel cranes his neck to watch what he’s doing with his hand, warm, uneven breath tickling his cheek. Cas is affected more than he lets on, as is evident from the growing bulge against Dean’s thigh, but he ignores his own hard-on in favor of touching Dean. With practised movements, he jacks him off in a loose fist, thumb flicking over the head of his cock, and it’s a little dry and rough, but he feels the muscles of his lower abdomen tighten in anticipation all the same. His heart is picking up the pace, pulsing rapidly in chest so loud he’s sure Cas can hear it.
He asks, checking his phone anxiously, until Cas replies.
“Okay, point taken. I’m sorry”, Dean offers, trying to look as sincere as possible with his bloodshot eyes. That seems to appease his brother somewhat.
“Check the real estate-sites, look for some-“
"Come on. We need you to get fixed up." Sam gave him a little pat on the shoulder, and Dean latched on to the comfort given, allowing himself this one moment of weakness.
?” Sam asks in a falsely chipper tone.
“Hey, you okay?” Castiel nods numbly. He can’t feel any worse than Dean with his ugly coloured, fresh bruises, but he can’t for the life of him find the energy to even take off his jacket. Dean seems to understand that, and something on his face finally shifts and softens.
“Fuck you Cas. I don’t need you looking down on me, so fuck you!” Dean fights to keep his voice steady, but it’s on the verge of breaking and he’s sure Cas can hear the hitch in his words too. But he doesn’t say anything, instead just grabbing his bag and leaves wordlessly, slamming the door behind him. Dean stays sitting in bed, still partially covered by the comforter, unseeing, curling around himself and limbs trembling. He won’t let the tears come, he won’t, he won’t, but there’s an awful burn in his eyes and he can’t breathe. He feels like suffocating.
“Well, if you’re done making a scene about this, I’m sure we can manage”, Cas finally finds something to say, but there’s some tightness in his voice.
“Go for it, then.” He says it nonchalantly, but a wave of relief washes over Dean. Finally he can stop feeling like dead weight, literally and figuratively. Finally, he can be of use.
“Dean, I-“ Castiel managed to gasp out, before he felt the body underneath convulse, back arching like a tuned bow, and Dean cried out brokenly when he ejaculated into Castiel’s hand and his own stomach. The erratic clenching of his muscles made sparks shoot throughout Castiel’s body, sending him over the edge, making him slam his cock in once more with a blissful moan, coming undone inside Dean.
”Dean, I thought- I was convinced that you wanted me gone because I had screwed up so badly. I worked behind your back with Sam to remove the Mark, I betrayed your trust, everything I’ve ever done to help you has gone sideways- I felt like it was just time for me to go and keep my distance, and not screw up your life anymore.” Words tumble out of the angel’s mouth in a panicked frenzy, a bleeding wound that cannot stop oozing.
”Get your shit together, man,” Dean scolds himself, turns back around, shaking his head. Maybe there’s something on the computer. That’s when he feels it. The pinpricks ghosting over his skin, how the hair on the back of his neck rise in alert. He’s not alone. Dean’s muscles tense immediately, and he lets out a steadying breath. The next few seconds happen in a blur. He twists around, gun aimed at whatever threat he’s facing, and comes face to face with a tall, bulky man in a green overall, standing two feet from him. What’s most striking is his eyes, shining bright blue, although the look in them is that of a dead man. Instinctively, he raises his gun, fires two shots from almost point blank straight into the man’s heart, who doesn’t even flinch, even though a red spot starts spreading on the fabric.
Dean wants to shove his own thoughts somewhere undignified. This ain’t something that can be fixed with a simple
Dean accepts the piece of paper with a thanks and a smile and folds it very carefully into his wallet.
“Hey, Dean. Are- are you okay?” Cas asks softly, sensing Dean’s inner turmoil.
As much as his ego stung, Dean couldn’t help but be relieved. If Jimmy thought he was useless, it meant he didn’t know the whole story. Stupid son of a bitch probably thought he just left the Hellspawn of his own volition. Peacefully. If only that were the truth. Dean didn’t regret a thing except for the fact he was forced to leave a couple alive, but he still hated to think about it. Sometimes, in his nightmares he saw them and
“Um, do you have moment? I’d like to… talk to you about something,” he stutters. Dean regards him without saying anything, making Castiel feel like an unwanted stray dog in his rumpled clothing. Finally, Dean sighs loudly, making a defeated gesture with his hands, and Castiel’s not sure whether he should feel elated or plain terrified he’s willing to hear him out.
Cas smiles at him when he finally gets up, already dressed and presentable. Dean can only squint at him and groan as a response, hair sticking everywhere and feeling like he hasn’t slept at all.
Dean stared blankly at Castiel. So he finally got it. At least some of it. Heaven had done no favors to his slowly emerging humanity; Dean thought he was even more daft than before. Still he found no energy to summon the feelings of petty resentment back. He had burned through his anger, anger that stemmed from a more primal place, and now only embers of it remained, souring his mood.
“I could’ve stayed with him”, Dean says stubbornly.
“That bad?” Dean grimaces, offering a sympathetic smile to him. Cas’ hair is sticking up wildly, and he has huge bags under his eyes, face scrunched up adorably into a grumpy expression, but he still manages to look good. Fuck, Dean’s way too into this. They make their way quickly to the Impala in the parking lot and start driving to Dean’s apartment, navigating along the empty roads. Cas leans his head on the headrest, looking like he’s trying very hard to stay awake. Occasionally he stretches his apparently stiff neck, groaning in displeasure. Dean can’t help himself the third time Cas attempts to ease his uncomfort.
“Defensive much? Oh no, don’t answer that. So, are you gonna apologise to Cas?” Sam changes the subject masterfully to equally something awkward, hell-bent on being a nosy brother. Dean rolls his eyes, but Sam doesn’t relent.
“I will take only this one, as a favor to you, Castiel. It is far more what you deserve.”
“What are you really asking me here, Dean?” Cas murmurs, eyes locked with his. He never takes his hand off, and Dean becomes really aware of that one point of contact. Holy fuck. What the fuck is happening here? He blinks like he’s waking up from a long trance. They’re so close, it would be the world’s easiest thing to just press little closer-
“Yeah, it- it’s nothing, long day, you know, all that.” Dean stumbles for words, clearing his throat, desperately trying to balance himself. He tries to give Cas a reassuring grin. There’s a underlying current of panic running underneath his skin, and more than anything he just wants to go into an empty room and scream himself hoarse. What the fuck is he going to do about this? “So what, you’re going on a vacation?” He changes the topic very quickly. This time it’s Cas, who shifts uncomfortably in his seat.
“Susan.”
“It wasn’t all bad”, Dean says, and the thing is, it’s easier to believe it than before. It feels liberating to talk about dad and their past, without the constant knot of shame tightening around his throat. Sam nods and smiles, more freely than before, ready to launch into the next shameful childhood memory.
“Yeah, I get it, don’t worry.” Dean gives him a reassuring smile, searching his eyes for the confirmation that Cas doesn’t think he overstepped his boundaries. That is the moment Sam decides to swoop down on them, two foaming pints balanced on his hands. Cas lets go of his arm almost unnoticeably.
“Cas, fuck, I’m about to- so close, fuck”, he manages to breathe out, not sure if he sounds coherent or not, he doesn’t care, he needs to come like right this fucking second, to feel the waves of pleasure crashing against his body. His hand flies on his slickened cock, and Cas presses his fingers against his prostate, rubbing it methodically, and that does it. Dean’s body tenses up, back arching up, and he slips over the edge with a hoarse shout, spilling all over his fingers and stomach. Cas keeps stimulating him until he’s milked himself dry, clenching around Cas’ fingers, oversensitive and shuddering with each tiny touch. Only then he slips his fingers out of Dean, and he sinks down, feeling boneless and spent. He allows himself to float in the post-orgasmic haze for a while, listening to his own heartbeat slow down gradually, and he’s only vaguely aware of Cas wiping away the mess on his stomach and fingers with a small towel they’ve learned to keep always at hand.
"Yeah yeah, Don Juan. This ain't the friggin' prom. You can heal me. Dumbass."
“We need to get some cultural appreciation into you, you redneck.”
“Is this what you’ve been carrying with you since we got rid of the Mark? That you can’t redeem yourself?” Sam continues slowly, like he’s figuring this whole thing out.
Apparently Dean hesitates for a second too long, because Cas sighs loudly, clearly frustrated, turning on his back away from Dean. The fear of rejection wrenches his gut suddenly. What if Cas doesn’t want him? What if he’s in it for a casual fuck?
“So you’re saying that your brother has a porn shop.”
“We seem to have…fucked this up royally, yes.” Dean actually laughs at that; it always feels weird and out of place when Cas swears like that. He breaks away from the embrace, but keeps Cas close, who holds on to Dean’s hoodie, and they lean their foreheads together without saying another word, like the touch starved creatures that they are. They might still have ways to go and this newfound peace is fragile at most, but for a while Dean allows himself to feel that this is okay. He might be fucked up, the world might be fucked up, but he’s got Cas again, and for a while Dean can quieten his insecurities and believe that he’s worth this; he gets to have this.
“Wait, you booked us a king? I mean there’s gotta be a mistake, we can’t both fit there. You sure there weren’t any queen beds? What the fuck?” Dean’s rambling and he’s reaching for a plausible explanation for
No. He has to fight.
A quiet laugh escapes his mouth, warm puffs of air, where he speaks against Cas' hair, he can’t help it; this bubbling joy rising up, up, exhilaration where there was sadness moments ago. Dean traces the ridges of Cas' scapula where it’s palpable underneath his jacket, just relieved to feel him solid and steady against him, hand ghosting up into the fine hairs of his neck. He can feel the smile on the angel’s face, when he mildly answers Dean.
“Wow, you get stuff like that as donations? Can you sell those, use the money for the homeless?”
Body firing up with adrenaline, Dean rolls off the bed in one fluid motion, but his legs are still asleep, and he suddenly finds himself on his knees, arms barely catching his fall. The jarring impact makes him gasp out in pain, the small noise drowned instantaneously by a loud shriek behind him. He struggles to his feet,
