Sherlock got up in a huff and whirl of her dressing gown, stomping to the kitchen, ignoring John for a moment in favor of looking more closely at the flowers. Picking them up, Sherlock deduced they were deep purple roses, lilacs, and baby’s breath, all difficult to find during the winter months in London. So, someone special then, not just a passing fling.
Now, they could have some adult rated fun.
After an indiscernible amount of time had passed in perfect loveliness, the music and dancing came to a natural end and, without saying anything, Sherlock and John slowly walked outside to the balcony overlooking the gardens, and ignoring the titters coming from Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade in the ballroom.
"Yes, John, it's always the little things that matter," Sherlock breathed out, leaning forward and pressing his lips lightly against John's, kissing him gently for a moment before John buried his hand in Sherlock's curls and the two men fell back on the bed, kissing all the while.
“John, stop,” Sherlock moaned after a moment, and John broke away from him, setting him down slowly and breathing heavily. He watched as Sherlock leaned against the dining room table, catching his breathe and smoothing down his recalcitrant curls. Sherlock looked at him for a moment, his heated look melting into something more languid, his eyes half closing in pleasure and happiness.
John pushed in, his seemingly inexorable length filling Sherlock, who gasped at the girth entering his virginal body. After a few inches, he gasped in pain, shutting his eyes, and John stopped moving immediately.
Pulling out his illegal handgun from the back of his pants and aiming, John fired in the next instant before the murder even had time to register John’s action or release the safety on his own weapon.
Oh, what fun would that be.
John always wanted more, and every time someone suggested they were a couple, he became irritated, snarking that they weren’t together like that, that he wasn’t gay.
Sherlock entered the bedroom, covered in morning sunshine and the smell of both him and John intermingling in the air. The comforting environment settled his racing mind as he began the slow process of stripping off his clothes. Folding them neatly, Sherlock settled on the floor by the foot of the bed, lowing his head and preparing himself to wait.
And that was that.
A truly naughty idea came to mind, and John smile grew.
“J-John, now?” Sherlock asked sweetly, his eyes wide and glistening from overstimulation, his arse unused to the sensation of this deep, inexorable penetration and his continued denial of pleasure.
Coincidentally, the two men had spent more time in their bedchambers than ever before.
- and the cruelty-
He dropped it to the ground, dead, and the wolves ran off.
When it was time to start getting ready, Mrs. Hudson forced Sherlock into a bath for his night with John, claiming that Sherlock should look his very best.
But too late, it would seem, as the man’s body lay still and cold.
Sherlock took a deep breath, preparing for the worst, and said, “you’re Prince John.”
“I’ll take the first watch,” he said, and John simply nodded and went over to her cot which she placed under an oak tree, finding the smell soothing. As she took out her braid and ran her fingers through her, admittedly, greasy hair, she thought about soft, dark curls twisting around her fingers instead. A phantom sensation, so real she could hardly breath for a moment at the enormity. She twisted her hands, mesmerized.
Sherlock blushed anew, squirming in his chair at the reminder of his currently red bottom, “John-“
“What, even you, the beautiful genius who far exceeds us all?” The beast asked sarcastically, pushing his plate away and Sherlock could se his infamous temper beginning to flair.
“John,” Sherlock whined, “stop looking at me like that.”
He had made the right choice.
Sherlock shivered noticeably in his coat as they walked home, but there was no chill in the air beyond anticipation for the night to come.
“S-Sherlock,
But for now…
The younger man came with a soft cry, his hips stilling momentarily and his head falling back slowly to reveal a pale, unmarked neck just
Meanwhile, Sherlock was still panting harshly, his eyes glazed over with pleasure and his spent cock lying wet and used against his shivering thigh.
"Sherlock, she wont eat her dinner if you keep giving her treats," John called out across the dining room, watching his husband serendipitously fed their daughter cookies and rolled his eyes in fond exasperation.
“Twenty-nine, thank you d-daddy. Thirty, thank you daddy,” Sherlock whispered, wiggling his hips to put pressure on his aching prick.
“Papa! Papa, you’re home!” Sherlock panted once he reached the iron gate, practically leaping into his Father’s arms, “I missed you! Mycroft wouldn’t conduct any more experiments with me” he sent a short glare to his elder sibling who had just joined their gathering.
John turned to Sherlock, his blue eyes dancing in the sunlit day, “and how have we been behaving today? No accidents?” He asked in a normal tone, as if the two were talking about what to have for dinner, and his nonchalance about Sherlock’s quaking need irritated the strung out man.
God, John was seeing everything.
her into her steel-boned trap.
And Sherlock melted against John’s caring hands that patched him back together after grueling cases, tender hands that were now running up and down his torso in a steadying manner, gently encouraging Sherlock to relax his tense body.
John knew that Sherlock needed to grow in his view of himself, and his self worth, and wondered how to make such a feeling come about. Perhaps he should get him a book about esteem? No, he would dismiss it for his science texts. Art was an option, John shivered as he remembered Sherlock’s display in the gallery room oh so long ago now, remembering his uncontrollable need to
Wait- what!? No, no, no! This could not be happening.
“Come on Sherlock, follow me,” John called after Sherlock had worn down from his pleasure induced detective, and his breathing had slowed to a more even pace.
He stood tall and slim, his shining curls standing out and always appearing in perfect ringlets, as though acting as a halo around his head. His cheekbones refined, with a roman visage that made him appear princely in look and manner. Even as a child, Sherlock was a sight to behold with unmarred alabaster skin and a light flush to his cheeks, which spoke of a youthful glow.
Sherlock felt the haziness that had settled over the world since his punishment, the slightly confusing, single-minded focus of
“Squirm all you want, love, but your arse-“ he punctuated with a squeeze to the plump, delicious backside- “is mine now.”
John turned Sherlock around, gazing up at him with equal parts adoration and lust shining in his mischievous eyes. John wondered for a moment how he was so lucky as to be the man to tame Sherlock Holmes.
“Don’t you want to look your best for Sherlock?” Lestrade asked as the magic brushes began to stroke through his fur, washing it free and untangling the man knots, the objects ignoring John’s huffs of pain when they snagged on a particularly stubborn knot.
A few moments later, Mrs. Hudson came into the beast's bedchambers, and John gave a warning growl, indicating that he wished to be left alone.
Warning: Smut. The whole thing, twelve pages of it. I would say I'm ashamed, but then I would be lying ;)
Sherlock blushed and glanced away for a moment, but the sheer genuineness in John’s voice could not be ignored. Sherlock glanced up, feeling his lips quirking in pleasure as he took in the handsomeness of one John Watson in uniform.
Adjusting his half-hard cock in his trousers after a moment of looking at the picture hungrily, John walked over to the kettle to make himself a cup of tea.
While she was thrilled by the idea, having touched herself many a night to the imagine of John whispering in her ear, filthy things she wished to do to her, Sherlock also knew that fantasies were nothing like reality.
John adopted a condescending tone and chided, “now, Sherlock, everyone knows that taking temperature anally is best,” biting back a smile at Sherlock’s shocked gasp.
He was a prisoner, in a magic castle, with a teapot and a candelabra and a teacup and a beast. His deductions could not help him here. While we was accustom to observing human behavior, this was outside of his realm of expertise by a long shot.
“Yes, of course. I’m well, thank you,” Sherlock murmured, more subdued, so John shrugged his massive shoulders and went back over to the armchair, picking back up the medical journal he had been reading and tried to restart where he left off about cell research.
The beast, in a final effort, managed to grab one of the wolves by his neck with both paws, and snap it with a sickening crunch. The animal fell, dead, on the forest floor and the other wolves sprinted away, recognizing the alpha species in their fear.
John only smiled into the kiss, and reached down to begin stroking Sherlock to hardness. John looked down, a mischievous idea for edging coming to his mind, but Sherlock had to build up his stamina first.
And the hand kiss reminded Sherlock so much of his dream; the beast acted exactly like the man, charming and completely flummoxing Sherlock.
Sherlock was in danger.
“Of course not, I would never undermine you where you work,” John reassured, “but know that the next time, you will not get release. I will simply spank your
With an exasperated eye roll, John got up, ignoring Sherlock’s whine, and reached down to pick up the lanky detective, cradling the lightweight young man in his arms as he started towards Sherlock’s bedroom, ignoring Sherlock’s startled gasp at being picked up.
She transformed him into a hideous beast,
“What was his name?” Sherlock asked, his voice interrupting the sound of china being cleaned. Mrs. Hudson turned to him with a serious expression on her fragile face.
Not after this.
The three of them, standing there after the announcement of the “pregnancy,” and Sherlock’s soft, falling smile as he looked at John; the realization that Sherlock was bowing out, gracefully, by leaving the wedding early. Distancing himself from John’s new life of domestic bliss, with Mary’s smug approval shining from her cold eyes.
With a small peck, John whispered, “good morning, little one.”
“I’ve never felt anything that powerful. But, I’ve also never made love to someone,” John admitted, and felt Sherlock stiffen in his arms.
After a few more minutes, and a few more wicked fingers, Sherlock was practically hyperventilating, his thoughts swarmed with only the thought of John, and he surrendered to the pleasure, going pliant in John’s lap as he prepared him, knowing that he did not want to hide, even this, from John.
Sherlock walked into their bedchamber, taking a deep breath, and turning around to look at John for the first time since they began their ascent up to their bedroom.
Sherlock huffed slightly in annoyance at his questions remaining unanswered, but stood up at her request.
John looked at ease with Sherlock’s acerbic response, and rubbed the back of her neck bashfully, stepping closer to the princess until they both hid behind the large, marble pillar. It felt- intimate.
Beginning to struggle stronger, Sherlock exclaimed,” John, please, I’m sor-
John then stood up suddenly, his large, calloused palms cradling Sherlock’s plump backside as he began to walk them towards the bedroom, with his manhood still nestled deeply in Sherlock’s body.
Sherlock’s cock, which had gone flaccid during his punishment, began to harden against John’s thigh, and he whimpered at the confusing sensations.
“I-It’s nothing John,” Sherlock placated unconvincingly, cringing at his own unconvincing lie and turning around before he could look back at John, walking straight into his bedroom and closing the door with a click, leaving John standing in the living room in confusion, before rolling his eyes and going to make a cup of tea and ignore his moody flatmate.
Without realizing it, Sherlock’s feet had carried him to the couch, falling down with a shocked
Tossing the phone on the nightstand, he continued to observe his young lover in his sleeping state, remembering fondly the night before; Sherlock writhing beneath him, sheathed on half of his prick as he cried from sentiment and the overwhelming sensations, John’s thrust’s sure and as deep as he was able to go.
,” Sherlock commanded, his voice with a whining edge to it as he thrust up into John’s touch.
And by entered, John meant made himself known by making an unintentional scene. John looked up at hearing a crash to see books flying about and a curly head hitting the ground with a soft smack. Oh Sherlock, it was always something with the curly haired young man.
He needed to focus.
“Yes.”
That being said, Sherlock did already have a propensity for coming more than once, the cheeky bugger.
Still, he raised his head and met Moriarty’s dead eyes, a grimace twisting his normally contented face, “he is not a monster Moriarty,
“Well John? Despite my intellectual abilities of which you are well aware, I am not, in fact, a mind reader and you know I find banal conversations utterly abhorrent, so if you could be so kind as to get to the point,” Sherlock demanded in his imperious tone, underscored by the nervous ticking of his fingers on the mug he was holding and the slight pitchiness of his voice.
“Hmm,” John hummed, bringing his arms around Sherlock’s torso and pressing him back, every inch of their skin touching.
“Almost eight years,” John agreed with a slightly hysterical laugh, wanting to pinch himself to assure he was not dreaming or hallucinating of a much better life.
“But-but I thought…” Sherlock trailed off, gazing around the cold cell, and the beast huffed in exasperation.
But….
John clenched his paws into fists, turning away to face the window so he wouldn’t have to watch Sherlock any longer, as it was too agonizing, “you must.”
John never looked directly at her, but Sherlock could feel her presence across the room and felt her breasts tightening, her heart racing, and her nipples hardening. What was happening?
a lass.”
“Y-you, John,” Sherlock responded, crying out as John angled the vibrator to graze against Sherlock’s prostate with each agonizing thrust.
He let go of Sherlock's clammy hand briefly, going to make a spot of tea to calm their nerves and to help re-hydrate Sherlock after all his crying.
He didn’t want to die. No, he wanted to live. With John.
It was a marvel to be sure, but Sherlock was grateful to be with someone who was proud to be with him. With a final swipe of pink lip-gloss, Sherlock nodded at his reflection in the mirror and walked out of the bathroom, searching for John.
Mrs. Hudson’s voice seemed very far away as John and Sherlock locked gazes, pale blue meeting stormy grey.
“I-I am” Sherlock panted, and John lightly rolled his body on top of Sherlock’s trapped cock which was forming a wet spot on his pants and beginning to leak onto John’s abdomen, much to his embarrassment at John seeing him so undone.
“What do you want, sweet boy?” John asked kindly, reaching down to tuck a curl behind his ear, and Sherlock began pawing at the slightly tented front of John’s trousers like an untrained puppy.
Sherlock broke away from John’s ridiculous spinning with a laugh, nodding and trying to get his recalcitrant giggles under control at his husband’s idiocy.
"Am I going insane? I've only been here one day!" Sherlock exclaimed in confusion, and the teapot and candelabra laughed.
With a startling realization, Sherlock’s eyes widened. He knew what John needed, his vulnerability and need to be taken care of clear in the tentativeness of his usual dominating personality.
Sherlock watched the man fall with a quaking body and shuttered eyes before turning to look at John, who had saved him from his own stupidity yet again. He watched to John with a lost expression, his graceful arms limp at his sides, the trembling look on his face sending John running.
For a moment, John thought Sherlock had fallen asleep, but the younger man moved his head from John’s jumper to meet his eyes for a brief moment, one side of his lips quirking into a small smile.
After a moment, Sherlock went limp in John’s grasp, winching with every strike but knowing, deep in his heart, that he needed John to punish him.
I hope you are all well and that you enjoy this short chapter. I am hoping to get more inspiration for this fic, and I have a few more ideas up my sleeve, so don't worry!
“Kind? He was not kind when he turned away my request for dinner! Or said he didn’t even want to try and know me,” John knew he was being petulant, and that it was his own fault that Sherlock didn’t like him, but he still wished he could do something, anything, to try and make this work. Sherlock might be his-
Sherlock didn’t respond, he merely closed his eyes and grasped John’s hand, holding it, and John, close to his body.
“Do you want to get up Sherlock?” John asked, receiving a groan in reply, and a practically unintelligible “no” from the petulant younger man. John, in his endless patience, merely rolled his eyes and settled down to doze for a bit longer.
John’s cock from his place in the entranceway of 221B, and John had never seen a more beautiful sight in all his days.
Sherlock gazed at the small pile in front of him, taking in the lace and silk panties with interest before his eye caught on a silky pink and white pair that seemed too small.
Sherlock felt tears streaming down his face and he wiped them away, feeling them freeze on his cheeks in the winter chill but ignoring it. Anywhere was better than going back to that castle with that- that beast.
,” John cried out, clawing at his back as if to control his movements, but Sherlock was steadily pushing in and out,
Standing up, and without giving himself a moment longer to think, Sherlock untied his dressing down and let the silky fabric slide down his arms, pooling at the floor around his feet.
And every day she was thwarted, by either the king guards, or her brother himself.
It was a mixture of wealth and the macabre and it seemed to fit John’s new charge perfectly; beauty and obstinacy, feminine grace and wicked intelligence.
“Well, he is not as cold as the rumors would have you believe. He is a fair king; ruthless when instructing battle plans, but not overly ambitious and unrealistic when it comes to supplies and casualties. He is a regal man, he walks into a room and it falls silent without him uttering a single word. I enjoy working under him,” Lestrade voiced, using an oddly soft tone for him. John was silent for a beat, and Lestrade groaned when he saw John smirking at him from the corner of his eye.
But still, in the depths of her well-hidden heart, Sherlock wished for a friend, just one: someone who knew her and still loved her.
But Moriarty arrived all the same, along with his underhanded crew and some of the townsfolk, numbering them to be at least twenty in number, holding torches in the dusky twilight with a prison cage tugged behind a horse, the words asylum printed on with morbid red letters.
Sherlock turned to face John, lying down and their eyes meeting- sky blue and the rolling ocean gazing at one another in silence- until John smiled, leaning forward and capturing Sherlock’s lips in a tender kiss, moving gently across the pink petals and adoring Sherlock’s little giggle when he let out a puff of air, tickling his lips lightly from the vibrations.
John's body had grown soft since her time in the army, her breasts naturally large and pressing into Sherlock's back.
Sherlock shivered at the thought, knowing that he was more than wiling to let John take control, even if he was slightly embarrassed to admit it. John walking into the library, grabbing him and pulling him up, always gently, gently until he shoved Sherlock down over the table in the center of the room, ripping his pants down without so much as a warning and probing at his most secret place, wetting it with the saliva on his thick fingertips, ignoring Sherlock’s cries for more….
you’re right,” John agreed with a twinkle in her eyes, and Sherlock gulped at the playfully predatory look on John’s face, wondering what secrets hey cerulean eyes hid.
“Got anything, Sherlock?”
“Papa, you didn’t have to get me-“ Sherlock was cut off when a book was thrust quite suddenly under his nose. He grasped it by its leather binding, moving it away from his face in order to see the inscription on the cover clearly.
"How?" Sherlock sighed, her heart beating quickly as she motioned for the doorman to open the ornate entry to the chambers and to announce her arrival.
The candelabra nodded by bending his torso in half, somehow looking apologetic on his small, silver face, "Yes, sorry about that, it's just the master is a bit-tetchy sometimes" he ended with a grimace, indicating that the master was a bit worse than just tetchy.
John glanced up at the clock and saw there was only an hour left until work was over, and his date with Michael, and with a smile, he got back to work, the day not seeming too horrible after all.
“No, we need to go out and get suits,” Sherlock bristled, going to the wardrobe and dropping the sheet on the ground, pooling around his feet.
will know what an obedient boy you can be, even after you’ve been a bit naughty, hmmm.”
“Eat some,” John instructed, and when Sherlock opened his mouth to release another groan, John gently pushed the forkful of pasta inside.
” Sherlock gasped as John swallowed him whole, suckling around his cock and keeping it warm in his mouth, saliva pooling on his tongue as a ran it up and down Sherlock’s- now drenched- manhood. Sherlock gripped at the sheets, a whine building in his throat as John winked up at him with his lips wrapped around Sherlock's curving erection.
John thought with a smile, allowing sleep to overcome his senses.
He did not know what was ahead, near the light, but it was giving him a feeling of safety, of warmth and comfort and....
Two days later, John and Sherlock were having a relaxing day around the flat. John was off work from the surgery and Sherlock was solving cold case files Lestrade had dropped off earlier that day to keep him from boredom.
,” Sherlock hiccupped, his voice whimpering.
Check my tumblr for updates!
Then John disposed of the towels in the hamper, he went over to the bed, lifting up the duvet and pulling Sherlock back into his chest once again. The two men falling asleep quickly thereafter, exhausted from the long day.
Sherlock smiled widely, eyes sparkling with slight arousal. John has had plenty of sex. And since Sherlock knows John, and trusts him, John is the perfect candidate to take Sherlock’s long overdue virginity.
“Well,” Sherlock started, pausing briefly to bite at his lip, thinking for a moment, “I-I feel a little… feverish.”
Sherlock pulled out the article of clothing, wincing as he pulled out the pants. They were created for horseback riding and, as such, they were forcibly tight and the observer could see every crevice of the person wearing them. Mrs. Hudson saw him grimacing at the pants; smirking she said, “John will like them, Sherlock.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but remembered that he did owe his brother a favor. Grabbing the tangle sheet from the bed, he wrapped it around himself while fighting down a blush when he recalled what had taken place in the bed only hours before.
“Beautiful,” John whispered into the early morning light, pulling Sherlock up by the lapels of his dressing gown and then pulling it slowly from his shoulders, allowing it to pool around his hips and leave his torso bare.
He took a deep breath, and went the bathroom, undressing completely and looking at himself in the mirror.
John woke up shortly before noon the next day, stretching out his aching muscles and gently nudging Sherlock off of his bad shoulder. The sunlight was shining in the window, indicating an oddly sunny London day.
His only solace was found at the bottom of a bottle.
John truly did have innocent intentions when picking up the mirror, not wanting to pry but wanting to make sure his guest was still comfortable and safe. John had not seen him in two days, and when he spoke into the mirror and Sherlock’s image swam in front of his eyes, he saw the young man staring at Poseidon with a little grin, that smile fading however as a look of confusion crossed his features, a shiver raking through his lean frame and-
“Should I-“ Sherlock gestured with a free hand, and John nodded; watching as Sherlock gently moved back on the bed and laid himself down, baring his backside to the room. He was covered in goosebumps, even on his bum, and John bit back a chuckle.
. He felt his balls rolling tenderly in the palm of a familiar hand and small kisses being placed up and down his shaft in a tender, teasing manner.
When Sherlock glanced back however, his yet curiosity unfulfilled, and observed the broad phallus, the rounded buttocks, and the hardened abdomen muscles, Sherlock found himself drawn to the mystical creature, and his rumored strength. He stepped cautiously forward, and drew his hand gently down the statue, baffled at the feeling of the cold stone underneath his fingers, his mouth opening in shock at the sensations that raced through his body. What would it feel like, to have such a creature hold him close, caress his naked flesh with his own, take him deep beneath the sea-
“B-but-“
They kissed for a few moments, trading sweet pecks back and forth, until Sherlock leaned forward and whispered, “I’m ready.”
The only sound echoing in the room was their harsh breathing, their hearts pounding together, John’s body plastered against Sherlock back as they came down from their highs.
"I've been taken from my home, my papa, and forced to live here, imprisoned by a beast!" Sherlock said hysterically, his voice rising.
How had he forgotten? Perhaps John was right, with the sensations his mind was completely turned off, the dirty words John was purring in his ear echoing in his pleasure swarmed mind. Still, how had he not known?
Even though the vast lands of the realm were temperate and sunny, the northern mountains of the Fairlyn were unusually chilly.
Sherlock had recently finished his Master’s in Chemistry, and was working as a consulting detective with Scotland Yard. John’s friend Mike Stamford had asked John to seek out Sherlock and find a flatshare with him after coming home from his tour in Afghanistan, and John had agreed.
Sherlock had turned and was racing off as fast as his lanky legs could carry him, leaving John behind in a confused stupor for a moment before he realized Sherlock’s brash idea to chase the murder without a plan.
Sherlock turned over, ignoring John’s huff as his arms briefly fell away from Sherlock’s body, until he was nose to nose with John, staring into his cerulean eyes that were practically overflowing with happiness, his cheeks rosy from warm sleep. Sherlock leaned in to kiss John’s nose, which crinkled slightly at Sherlock’s surprise intentions.
“What are you singing, love?” John asked, trying to pin where he had heard the beautiful melody.
Since the first fateful night when John found Sherlock at his bolthole, crying from a breaking heart, John had been waiting for the right time to cement their physical relationship, wanting to give Sherlock time to be comfortable with the idea.
He was of a handsome sort, with golden-spun hair,
to stay in the tower?”
Moriarty and his gang of violent minions were known for their ability to cause petty crimes and get away with them, and even though everyone knew it was their fault, there was never any evidence to convict them.
“John,” Sherlock called, “we’re going out tonight.”
But, looking at Rosie’s ceramic face with the features of a cherub, Sherlock knew he must abide.
But one sculpture, in particular, caught her interest. She slowed to a halt in front of a severe, coldly beautiful marble bust of a young woman. Her beautiful visage was frozen in a scowl, her full lips turned down in displeasure, as if she loathed the fact that she was being sculpted.
“Why do you always pick the books with the most ratty covers?” The beast asked as a way to break the silence, and Sherlock looked down, observing the worse for wear book about bees that was now resting on the table.
“None of that now, Lestrade. And speaking of love interests, where is Molly?” He asked.
, fuck my mouth.”
echoed through the alley way, and then there was silence, the only movement the slight smoking from John's gun.
The nude statues of men and women drew his eyes as he gazed at them, taking in their beautiful, frozen features etched into the hard marble, wondering what it would be like to touch the statues in their human forms. Sherlock jolted at his own thoughts, finding it odd that he would be interested in the human body outside of anatomical studies.
Finally, when John’s cock was full to bursting from Sherlock’s ceaseless squirming and moans, he sat back, sitting with his back against the headboard and pulling Sherlock’s lower half over him lap, tapping at his slightly pink bum teasingly and ignoring Sherlock’s cry of indignation, parting those plump cheeks to gaze at the sweet, glistening hole hiding just within. He reached over to the bedside table and pulled out some slick he had left there earlier in anticipation.
John was larger than he realized, he felt absolutely enormous inside of the detective, and he was only in few inches. It was how wide he was, the width increasing the stretch.
“You look wonderful,” she said sincerely, and Sherlock nodded in agreement, gulping slightly at his flare of arousal.
Sherlock smiled in amusement
Watching Sherlock pass out from pleasure completely undid John’s control, and with another thrust, he cried out, “
True, he was not entirely sure of how sex worked outside of the anatomical and biological aspects, and it was also true that he was perhaps a little bit wary of sexual acts and what they entailed, but that was of no consequence.
Turning around, he saw a woman tilting her head out of the store door, a bemused smile on her face.
“Stop thinking love, one step at a time,” John crooned, and Sherlock nodded.
Despite seeming a bit posh and young for John to be flatmates with, he agreed to move in when he realized that the young man was a certified genius on their first case together, causing  John’s weary heart to race with adrenaline he thought he had left behind in the desert.
, John scoffed, pushing that ridiculous idea away and refocusing on his mad flatmate.
It was like he was in a dream, moving unthinkingly up the pathway towards the gazebo, the plants appearing alive and well despite the fact they were in no way sheltered or enclosed from the winter chill.
Sherlock watched in confusion, his mouth turned down slightly, and John bobbed up and down on his feet in anticipation.
Decision made, Sherlock went up the stone steps, up the curving passageway with a sense of foreboding in his heart. He forced his legs to move anyways, the thought of his Papa in turmoil motivating his actions.
To his amazement, the boy’s alabaster cheeks turned rosy again and he turned away from the beast and began sorting the books on the table to put way. John was startled at the boys blush; what in the world was he embarrassed about?
Sherlock closed his eyes fearfully and whispered, “I’ll stay.”
“This castle is amazing!” Sherlock exclaimed as Molly and Lestrade showed him around on his second day in the enchanted castle, taking in the different ballrooms, guest rooms, and paintings that were still in working order. Much of the castle had been destroyed by its master, who seemed to struggle with anger management, but pieces of the castle were left untouched. The history of the place was astounding, predating the Protestant Reformation, it had gorgeous Catholic artwork and classical elements of grandeur such as huge chandeliers in every room and sky high ceilings that had been mainly abandoned due to practicality.
Sherlock nodded shyly, and John smirked, trailing her eyes up and down Sherlock's body in a way that made Sherlock feel equally loved and exposed in the same moment.
“I’m just so pleased,” Mrs. Hudson exclaimed, wiping her hands on her apron as she clasped her hands together, looking at the two bashful men sitting in front of her, “after all this time, I just knew you who would be perfectly suited, even if dear Sherlock is a bit young for such a serious relationship,” she pondered aloud, John glancing just in time to see Sherlock’s flush of indignation at being called young by anyone but John.
Sherlock read the sloppily written note in John’s doctorly rushed script three times, and then folded it gently and carried it, along with his bags, into the bedroom.
” Moran covered his mouth in the next instant, muffling his protests, and try as Sherlock might, he could not escape Moriarty’s underling.
That certainly received a pleasent reaction, as Sherlock’s face twisted in pleasure, his plump pink lip caught between his teeth as he tried to control his emphatic moans and failed spectacularly.
And so dubbed the “Golden Prince.”
She pulled and tightened, not so much that Sherlock was in pain, but enough that it slightly restricted his movement and caused his spine to straighten and his heretofore unmentioned waistline to be defined.
Slowly, gently, achingly, until finally, finally, John was seated fully within his lover.
submissive, being an angel and following directions like a good boy,” John cooed, continuing to stroke Sherlock’s hair in a soothing manner.
John to hear him, but he stamped out that passing thought with a small huff of annoyance.
No sex, but Sherlock goes shopping! Comments/kudos are appreciated :)
In Uni, Sherlock had tried to sleep with others for the sake of experimentation, but found herself unable to stand the precise of most people in a casual setting, realizing that an intimate setting with most people- or idiots- would be untenable. Now though, Sherlock had never felt more attracted to another person than John, her soft thighs and slight tummy were perfect for Sherlock’s head when she laid her head on John’s lap when laying on the couch. She was always kind to Sherlock, initiating causal touches that other people would never instigate with a
“If I didn’t know any better, I would say you had feelings for this monster,” Moriarty accused, and Sherlock flinched.
To be made love too.
In the next instant, as if led by fate, Sherlock walked in, calling his name. Seeing the dangerous smile on John’s face, he began to walk slowly backwards, a nervous look in his eyes, but John would have none of it. He walked slowly forward, holding his hand out to Sherlock with a sinful invitation gleaming in his eyes, and Sherlock was powerless to take his hand.
Sherlock’s knees hit the floor before the command was completely uttered, and he stared at John with eyes widened in shock. How did he…..?
, Sherlock’s traitorous mind whispered,
Sherlock mumbled when John laid down beside him, and rolled over to rest on his chest, still unconscious and exhausted and craving John’s warmth.
,” Sherlock gasped, writhing on the table as John plundering his tongued-open hole mercilessly with his tongue. Reaching ever deeper into Sherlock’s pink passage and stroking it just beneath Sherlock’s sweet spot.
“Well, I
The day passed in a blur for John.
"It's a pleasure to meet you again, your highness."
Sherlock hummed, his eyes half closed in pleasure, and John realized that Sherlock was rubbing against his leg.
“We are eating dinner whether you like it or not, Sherlock,” John said, ignoring Sherlock’s huff, and went to pick up his phone.
Sherlock shook his head, peering back up at John, watching the doctorly concern on John’s face with a growing sense of awful realization.
John, taking pity on his little lover, decided to make the exam a little less, well, professional by teasing Sherlock, just a bit.
He was lost in his musings when he heard a polite knock at the door of his office. With a small sigh, John stood up and paced over, throwing the door open with a barely restrained huff of annoyance.
Nearly.
Sherlock stood immediately, walking over to John and taking his hand, John led them to their bedroom.
“No, and you’re trespassing. Do you know what I do to people who trespass?” The creature stepped closer, and Siger bumped his back into the rose bush, realizing with a shock of panic that he had nowhere to run.
“Let’s put this on you,” she said, opening the corset and allowing Sherlock to step into it. She latched the front clasps and hold Sherlock to bend slightly and brace himself against the mirror.
" Sherlock yelped at the overwhelming sensation of the ice entering his body, quickly melting due to his body’s rising temperature. The ice-cold water trickled out of his stretched hole and ran slowly down the crevice of his arse to pool beneath him on once clean, medical sheets. Sherlock tried to escape to no avail, help by John's hands on his hips at first and then by John instructions to "stay still or else."
By the time the last petal fell,
God, oh no.
The council knew the princess had a bright mind, as she flew through her studies and spent much of her time in her lab or the library, but she was clearly a genius. A genius overlooked due to her reclusive nature and status.  John and Lestrade shared a shocked look, but when John turned back to Sherlock, she was smiling.
John reached down to stroke softly over Sherlock’s covered chest with one hand, the other reaching up to play with his curls, softly twirling them around on finger and then the next, watching them bounce back, just as changeable and adorable as the man they belonged to.
The once dark palace now stood in all it’s light glory, the gargoyles changed into statues of saints and artists, the once desolate landscape full of color and life; the sun broke through, indicating the sunrise of a new day, and the clouds that had always seemed to permeate the castle were no more.
Sherlock sighed, thinking back to his disastrous reappearance at the restaurant and his utter dejection seeing his replacement in John’s life, “but life has to move forward, and I accepted that Mary was that for you and I was a member of your past.”
John leaned up to gently trail his lips over the plump lips of his detective, sucking lightly on his lower lip and nibbling slightly, smirking at Sherlock’s tentative returning kisses. How the man was still so shy despite their many sexual adventures together so far, John would never know, but he found Sherlock’s bashfulness endearing.
Sherlock breathed in John’s scent: gun-powder, musk and jam, so contradictory an yet, so John, and Sherlock felt his arousal fully hardening once again.
" Sherlock's voiced cracked when an ice cube popped out and John's thumb quickly popped it back in, holding his thumb against his rim to ensure no more ice cubes escaped Sherlock's naughty rosebud. John watched as the water trickled out, settling around his cold fingers and leaked down onto the sheets. John flexed his fingers slightly, feeling the sting of the cold and imagining the sheer torment Sherlock was feeling, his inside bombarded by the sensation.
Sherlock flushed slightly at that, huffing to cover up his embarrassment, "come now, John, it was just a couple of cookies."
It was the most candid Sherlock had ever been with John since their first meeting, and John absorbed the words for a moment.
After a few more moments of them lying there, breathing on another in, John nodded for him to start moving with a shaky gasp, and Sherlock began to rock slowly, teasingly in and out, barely moving for a moment to allow John to become accustom to the manhood splitting him open.
, Sherlock’s cock released a flood of wetness over his abdomen as he cried out, all of his words jumbled and incomprehensible, except for one.
John watched their interaction with amazement. This man, who had been imprisoned just over two weeks ago, was joking around with his house-manager turned teapot, playing daily with Rosie, and finding new adventure’s every day while locked in his gilded cage.
Sherlock shook his head to clear it, and continued getting dressed. He tried not to imagine John buttoning, fastening, and adorning himself in his Army dress uniform only a floor away.
And John, wonderful, capable John, seemed to know exactly what Sherlock needed. Without another moment, John was unwinding a hand from Sherlock’s slight waist and tilting up his chin, capturing his lips in a sweet kiss that caused Sherlock’s heart to pound in his ears.
“Happy Birthday, bee,” he had whispered into her curls when he gave her a brief hug.
All the best,
Until he opened his eyes: those cerulean eyes locking with Sherlock’s own, and Sherlock felt his all the air leave his exhausted body.
wash you clean,” John teased, and felt an immediate blushing heat against his collarbone where Sherlock’s cheek rested.
Sighing, he lifted his head, “I need answers Mrs. Hudson. I had a dream, I was running and then sinking and then a man, with golden hair and blue eyes and a strong chest and arms, he pulled me to safety” he relayed in a perplexed tone, talking at a rapid pace and standing to pace around agitatedly.
That reminded John: “Why are you so fascinated with bees?” He called across the expansive room to Sherlock, who was crouched low and sprang up at his voice, hitting his head on the latter beside him. The beast winced in sympathy, and stared, bemused, as the normally graceful boy displayed odd behavior in his presence once again.
Sherlock felt John smile between his cheeks, and his heart began to race even faster, his mind already comprehending John's next act of sensual torture.
The person he shared his life with, who he yelled at the clean the toxin ridden kitchen table and who he watched Bond marathons with on the telly while Sherlock complained about the inaccuracy of the depicted MI6. The person he looked forward to seeing the most everyday, even when the detective drove him up with wall when in a sulk. John’s nightmares had begun the wane considerably due to the days and nights spent with his best friend, the man who had saved him from the tedium of civilian life almost a year ago.
Cheers!
Sherlock merely grumbled, standing up and stretching her thin arms above her head, cracking her back in the process and released a satisfied sigh. Mrs. Hudson clicked her tongue at Sherlock’s unladylike mannerisms once more before continuing to search through her many (many) gowns.
Mrs. Hudson sighed in exasperation, “Sherlock, please be more careful or you’ll break your neck! This is Captain John Watson, she is to be your new bodyguard. You've already made her acquaintance, so be nice.”
His posture, his uniform, the air around him screaming danger and complete control… And then he smirked, and Sherlock’s legs began to tremble.
, John thought with annoyance and, if he is being honest, a hint of jealousy. John missed Rosie and her delighted smile, from what he can remember, she was the last person to smile at him, over seven years ago now.
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed, as if daring John to refuse, and with a sigh of defeat he felt John’s sure hand wrap around his waist. John looked up questioningly into Sherlock’s mischievous eyes.
After a few more moments of stroking his cock while delving a finger slowly in and out, Sherlock added another, gasping at the tightness of his soft channel around his own fingers and reveling in the new sensations.
John observed Michael for a moment longer before nodding with a sigh, “I know. Thank you for this Michael, you really are a handsome sort,” John replied with a teasing wink, watching as the younger man's ears pinked once more.
Sherlock lathered himself in a coconut oil lotion from his face and down his legs, enjoying the silky feeling against his skin and knowing that it would make it soft and slightly glowing.
an ethereal voice sounded above, and Sherlock realized it must have been the enchantress,
Sherlock’s vulnerable hole being plundered by his mouth was causing his primitive urges to rise, but he held them off, knowing he had to be gentle for his love, sucking rhythmically at the rim and ignoring Sherlock’s begging cries for more.
John licked his lips as he took in the view of Sherlock’s luscious bottom and shook his head to concentrate, remembering to continue with the game, even if all he wanted to do was slick Sherlock up with his mouth and fingers, plunging himself deep into that well known body until-
“Too true lad,” Lestrade agreed with a hard thump to Sherlock’s back, startling him and causing him to jump back, away from John, in shock. Sherlock turned to glare at the silver haired man when he realized he'd interrupted on purpose, but Lestrade just smirked and shrugged in response, where John just chuckled.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, “come now John, each resident of this castle was once a human. It wasn’t a far leap to make. And in your chambers I was a ripped portrait of a prince, and when I asked Mrs. Hudson, she told me that his name was John.” Sherlock replied, laying out the facts on the table as if they were child’s play, and John gave a wet laugh, pulling his paws away from Sherlock’s hands and standing back for Sherlock’s perusal, looking deprecatingly down at himself in disgust..
In his nervousness, a redness was seeping down his chest and his nipples were hardening into pink buds, just begging to be sucked.
“John, stay.”
” John’s few words would cause a torrential amount of guilt on Sherlock’s part, and the two men would be down heartened to know their game was cut short.
Siger’s business dealings in London had gone quite well, and he was headed home with the news of a more secure financial future for his family.
John adopted an innocent expression as he dialed down the remote in his pocket, "no idea, might be the neighbors."
“He also told me he released you, that he gave you your freedom,” she continued, and Sherlock released a choked sob, looking down to the mirror and the pink rose the beast had gifted him. How had it come to this? After such happiness, he was going to be thrust into Moriarty's arms.
A glowing caught his eye from the corner of the room, and Sherlock follow it to an enclosure with held a wilting red rose. It was glowing, floating as if supernatural, and Sherlock had a desperate want to touch the magical object, so hidden. Sherlock was entranced, and saddened, by the magical dying rose, the sight being almost too sad to bear for some reason. It was as if beauty and magic was dying. Sherlock reached over to take the glass casing off of the rose, reaching forward to touch the object.
“Morning boys!” Mrs. Hudson interrupted their decidedly indecent morning conversation as she shuffled into the room carrying freshly baked orange scones.
John glared at him briefly for his attempt to control the situation, “If you do that again, I have no qualms about tying you up and taking you slowly, for hours, and not granting you any release. Is that what you want?” John asked sternly, and Sherlock shook his head, his eyes pleading for John to take mercy.
“Then possibly my answer has crossed yours,” Sherlock replied evenly, not backing down as Moriarty approached until they were standing chest to chest, stormy eyes staring into cold, black irises.
“I-“ Sherlock trailed off, still feeling vulnerable from being carried and “rescued” from the depths of her personal hell- socializing with bachelors. The silence stretched between the two women.
Before Sherlock realized, John was pulling him out of the cab, in the door to their home, and up seventeen creaky steps into the sitting room.
Sherlock grimaced at the thought, and the reminder of how large John’s cock had seemed last night and this morning. Even flaccid, John had nothing to be ashamed of.
The doorbell. John sighed in annoyance while Sherlock sprang up, running to the door to collect their food and feeling grateful for the interruption, breathing a sigh of relief.
,” he would sigh deeply, his eyes darkening, “
, he thought.
“I love you Sherlock, and even if you don’t want to be with me, I promise it’s just the two of us. No more dating, no more secrets,” John quieted as she grew closer, taking Sherlock’s clammy hands into her own and giving them a squeeze, “just us.”
“What is it, love?” John asked, smirking against the hole and pecking it lightly, allowing saliva to build in his mouth before breaching the rosebud once more with his wriggling tongue, "you asked for a kiss," he murmured against the hole, causing vibrations to race up Sherlock's spine as John continued to kiss and lick just inside Sherlock.
Sweat dripped down her neck as John lunged forward again, burying her lance deeply into the target before her as she practiced on the training grounds in the castle.
“J-John, I must-“ but any protest that would be uttered by Sherlock was cut off by his sudden gasp as John swiftly pulled down his trousers to rest just below his bum.
Sherlock said no more, and the beast watched him for a moment, taking a bite of food and thinking.
And so the Golden Prince and the Beauty lived happily ever after.
But now his hands were drenched with blood that was not his own, and his mind was in complete chaos, thinking of different scenarios he should have done to save John.
“Please, sir, use my mouth.”
“Please,” Sherlock answered instead, digging his fingers into John’s chest as John clutched him closely in the dimness and vulnerability of the morning, “just…. Please.”
"I wish we could have kept it," Sherlock said after a moment, "as a memory of what brought us together."
In the next instant, he felt a pair of fingers tilting his chin up and Sherlock met John’s smiling midnight blue eyes with his own grey pair.
John glanced away from Sherlock’s naked form in order to concentrate, his brow furrowed, “why? It’s just a fundraiser, right?”
“Mate, you really don’t want to go up there,” Lestrade pleaded, and when Sherlock searched his silver face, he saw anxiousness written all over his silver features.
“Talking” hands hooking under Sherlock’s panties, gently pulling them from her body, and leaving her bare and vulnerable for the first time in her life. Sherlock looked away, self-conscious. John had never been with a woman, what if Sherlock’s genitalia was not enough?
On the verge of tears, and blinking them away, Sherlock sat back down on the bed feeling completely alone.
Alright- nipple clamps, coming untouched, and fluff.
But in here, their home, he belonged to John; that thought sending a shiver down his spine.
As she walked along the expansive hall, the click of her heels reverberated off the walls as Sherlock gazed at the contemptible men surrounding her, deducing them and finding them lacking.
“You don’t speak to him that way, sir, excuse us,” Sherlock said, grabbing John’s arm and walking them towards the exit, ignoring the lord's affronted look and wine stained clothing.
“Oi, you look great! Doesn’t he look great Mrs. Hudson?” Lestrade asked Mrs. Hudson, who hopped up and down in agreement, voicing her agreement.
“I’m alright, darling, thank you for asking,” John smiled at his daughter, but met Sherlock’s eyes in the next moment, their gazes heated in excitement.
John came with a cry, remembering the taste of Sherlock against his lips.
Sherlock dismounted Philip in one graceful swoop and ran forward to meet his father along the dirt path, hugging him desperately and crying out, “papa!”
“I’m afraid it’s his story to tell, dear. Now, that’s quite enough chatter.” She proclaimed, motioning for the enchanted objects to begin clearing the table for Sherlock’s departure, “off to bed with you.”
Mycroft shook his head, thinking about the next plan of action and currently coming up short.
"John, what do you mean-
Mrs. Hudson sniffed, still glaring at Sherlock, while coming over and shoving a chemise over her head and mussing her curls, “That’s right! Now, you will attend this meeting and employ all the graces that I taught you, and I will not hear another word about it. Is that quite clear?”
Once the two men were done with breakfast, John cleaned up while Sherlock wandered into the sitting room, going over to the couch and lying down in his usual mind palace position, still wrapped in only his sheet.
With his shoulder torn from an enemy’s blade, the prince barely survived.
In and out John thrust his cock deeper, and
Now, however, there wasn’t anywhere for him to go, and it seemed he was surrounded by adults, and a child, who wanted nothing more than to help him, but he simply could not wrap his head around the reality of his situation.
“She asked for you, all the time,” Molly explained tentatively,“so I found a picture of you from before and taught her that you were her papa, and while you lived in the castle, you two weren’t able to see each other, but that you were always watching out for her.”
“Battle of Lochmage or Jucal?” Sherlock asked, her musical voice echoing around the silent chambers as she deduced the short woman who held secrets in her azure gaze.
But once the danger had passed, and he realized he would never be in the army again, the Prince became ever colder,
Knocking on the door and hearing a grunted "come in," Sherlock slipped past the door and padded to John's bedsit, seeing her sleepy eyes blink in the darkness and feeling a rush of fondness to her heart at the endearing action.
he cried, tears flowing quickly now down his cheeks as he held onto John’s back, his hands grasping at him for dear life in a desperate prayer to not let go.
“Y-yes,” Sherlock choked out, “perfect. That’s perfect, John.”
“Green now, you can m-move,” Sherlock hitched slightly, the pain having mainly receded, but his cheeks were still rosy from embarrassment. What John must think of him, unable to even take his entire cock…
,” John choked, looking as if he had seen a ghost for a moment before shaking the memories away, approaching slowly so as not to frighten the girl, “do you know who I am, darling?”
“Well, that is just a risk we will have to take,” John teased, drawing one finger in and out now with aching slowness, nudging lightly against the bottom of Sherlock’s prostate and causing the man to squirm slightly in his awkward position.
“B-but, why?” Sherlock’s voice broke, and she looked away from John in embarrassment, not used to being surrounded by so much emotion.
John is pulled out of his musings when Sherlock begins kicking, rolling back over and sprawling on top of John, his hair like a bird’s nest against John’s mouth and his boney ribs poking into John’s hip in the process.
“That’s impossible, I wasn’t in some altered state of….
"Feminine, I know," Sherlock finished, her flush now traveling down her graceful neck and John leaned up slightly to kiss the edge of that beautiful blush, making Sherlock gasp.
Sherlock laid her head down on her knees, feeling her curls tumble down the silken fabric as she closed her eyes- just for a moment….
The woman cocked her head to the side, her shiny blonde braid falling across her weathered armor. Sherlock smirked at the contrasting sight.
During his travels to London, he was able to obtain the lace for Katherine and new gloves for Mycroft, but finding a place to buy a rose at this time of the year was practically unheard of. Still, Siger searched in every village he came across, hoping to please his youngest and, within the confines of this thoughts, favorite child.
Sherlock looked at John for a moment, and the silence that descended replaced the giddy atmosphere of the bedroom with a softer tonality, and John was suddenly aware of the warring colors in Sherlock's expressive eyes, how they too were so fickle in their color choice; always fluctuating between a deep blue, emerald and grey, much like the emotions of the man himself, always changing, subtly. How a man so emotive had often claimed the title of high-functioning sociopath was startling to John now. He only has to look into his eyes to see the deep running emotions of that neglected heart.
“John, you’re not really going to show those to anyone, are you?” Sherlock asked nervously, having deduced John’s silence and slight movements as him taking a picture, despite being in the corner and unable to see.
to teach Sherlock.
“J-John, I’m close,” Sherlock breathed, and John nodded, aiming to rub directly into Sherlock’s prostate.
The rose that had started it all, he remembered John's anger, his rash decision to run away, the wolves, the forgiveness, the library, the stories, the kisses, the dancing.
John turned around first, and seeing the tenseness is Sherlock’s back, crawled over to him and began pressing kisses on the side of his neck.
“Tonight?” John asked, practically bouncing on his toes in expectation.
Looking down, he saw the candelabra with a scowling face. The candlestick holder said, “get out of our castle!” It was the same voice who had yelled, Moran realized, his eyes widening in shock.
John watched it all from a distance, trying not to engage Sherlock, afraid that his temper would flair, but the longer John watched Sherlock, affection for the beautiful man grew in his chest.
“I play the violin.”
Sherlock's pout grew stormy as he stomped over to the corner by the bookcases, crossing his arms over his chest and huffing loudly to alert John to his sulk.
Sherlock flushed lightly at the memory of his desire to touch the beast, “yes Mrs. Hudson, I have a few pressing questions that cannot wait until morning.”
, John, please,” Sherlock whined, unable to be sure what he truly wanted; he felt like a glutton, begging for more as his mind floated away from all rationality that he normally craved. He was at his basest, most vulnerable and human in these moments that he shared with John.
Sherlock glared down at the (warm, gentle, sure) hand clutching her wrist and John let her go after a moment.
The cab ride home to 221B passed in a blur, with John gripping Sherlock’s leg tightly in a possessive manner while Sherlock’s mind swarmed with arousal and the adjoining chemicals- release of oxytocin into the bloodstream, a pounding of his heart caused by the rise in adrenaline.
. He went to the wardrobe and pulled out a purple shirt that felt soft and silky, reminding him of his wardrobe when his family was still wealthy. He then he pulled out a pair of black pants, which seemed to be tailored to his exact size, and Sherlock was utterly astounded.
John was pushing lightly against the tender muscle, until the small hole finally gave way and he was able to push the bristly cloth slightly inside, reveling in Sherlock's pleasured gasp "
In the moment of confusion, the good doctor felt a hand grasping his own, and looking over, he saw understanding and happiness shining in Sherlock’s pale, every changing eyes.
- but John saw Sherlock’s eyes begin to slip down due to the warmth and safety of their bed.
Well, I'm certainly blushing after writing this.... Only the epilogue is left! Thanks for reading along, kudos/comments are appreciated, as always.
“It’s a type of underwear, but it looks smaller because it doesn’t fully cover your backside. This small section-“ she pointed to the string of silk-“ will settle in the cleft of your backside,” she finished, smiling at him fondly at his naive questions.
Cheers!
“And I never will,” Sherlock whispered to herself, tears building in her eyes as she sat down at her dressing table to wipe away her makeup and the few tears that had begun to fall. John was frustrating but her words echoed in Sherlock's head, causing confusion and overwhelming thoughts. Sherlock clutched her curls and willed her head to be quiet.
He was sat in an armchair in the foyer, in front of a roaring fire with Sherlock’s cloak still covering his torn clothes and wounded body.
“Papa,” shouted Katherine shrilly, “what did you bring us?”
“Everyone deserves to feel beautiful,” she whispered, as if letting Sherlock in on a secret, and gave a girlish giggle as she thrust two items into his hands.
Cheers!
“Sherlock, it’s just me, breathe Sherlock. Come on, there you go,” John praised as Sherlock exhaled shakily at John insistence, looking down at their joined hands for a moment before slowly moving his hand away. John frowned, but waited for Sherlock to say something, looking away momentarily to give Sherlock space to sort his thoughts.
He could always trust Sherlock to break him out of his more contemplative moods.
“I enjoyed that,” he remarked, and John chuckled, pressing his detective closer and kissing him, a smile still stretching his lips as he contemplated his adorable, innocent, and yet somehow obliviously lewd detective.
He wished John wouldn’t say such things, now all he could do was picture John sitting with Greg in the sitting room, drinking and chatting, while Sherlock whined and begged for John’s cock from the bedroom like a lust driven animal.
Moriarty watched Sherlock like a hawk, his eyes darting up and down his body in silence until he deemed himself satisfied, "all right, lovely, have it your way. I'll be seeing you, Sherlock" he purred lecherously, and then turned and disappeared into the daily crowd.
Sherlock felt heat biting at his cheeks as he turned around, glancing at his plush backside in the underwear with a slight grin.
“Yes Rosie?” He asked, feeling ridiculous talking to a teacup, but doing so anyways because he didn’t want to hurt the little girl’s feelings.
Sherlock was his last hope, his last chance to find love. And of course, Sherlock was charming, beautiful, and, worst of all, kind.
The beast opened the doors and, glancing back to make sure Sherlock’s eyes were still closed, grabbed his hands once more and led him in.
They were not going down without a fight.
When he looked back, Sherlock was watching him with a gleam in his eyes that said John’s arousal had not gone unnoticed.
“-lock! Sherlock!”
“Go away, John,” Sherlock ordered, her command somewhat weakened by her voice breaking, “I’m perfectly able to wash myself.”
“We need weapons, go to the armory, all of you, and see what you can use.”
Sherlock groaned in frustration as he sat up from his place lounging on the couch in 221B, standing up with a swooping motion and bounding towards his bedroom with an annoyed sigh, his mind racing as he searched or a solution to his predicament.
Siger simply shook his head with smile tugging at the corners of his mouth as he watched Sherlock run back into the house with his stormy eyes gleaming and long curls bouncing in the winter wind.
” Molly paused to think for a moment, “your new guest is awake and has met the rest of the staff, and is now down in the kitchens.”
After just a few more moments of suckling from that wet heat, John came with a cry, “S-Sherlock,
"Y-Yes John, I'm fine." Sherlock called, reaching over to wipe down his stomach and heaving abdomen, feeling giddy from the rush of endorphins and feeling as though he could solve a triple homicide in a minute.
Utterly naked and trusting as John stood across from him, all business in his doctor’s coat and work attire, stethoscope swinging slightly from his neck and catching Sherlock’s grey eyes from where he was peaking.
Sherlock looked up and saw John’s eyes smiling down at him, their sky blue appearance shining in the darkness of their bedchambers, with only a few candles and the moonlight shining in the window to illuminate the space, so only their eyes were fully visible to one another.
John watched with growing irritation as Sherlock engaged the pompous lord in conversation, laughing overly loud at a turn of phrase and placing his ivory hand on the suspect’s arm.
John stood up, lifting Sherlock off of the vibrator with a
The next day, as soon as John had made his goodbyes and was off to his-
You will stay here with me, forever. That is my deal, your life for his.”
Sherlock realized, a warm feeling blooming in his chest as he ran forward to a shelf, pulling out a Chemistry book from that particular section and marveling at all the books he could now read.
John reached out slowly and began to rub Sherlock’s back in a calming manner, soothing his embarrassed emotions away, tracing his strong hands up and down Sherlock's spine and feeling a shiver at the movements, “I just had an orgasm as well, it’s alright Sherlock, wet dreams do occur,” John explained steadily, remembering his readings about the male body in his medical books, but Sherlock shook his head, sill hiding his red face from John, yet leaning into the strokes on his back.
(See the end of the chapter for
Not that Sherlock minded appearing womanly, exactly, but the corset was just another way of confining her body against her will. Cutting off her movements, her airflow. And it was hateful.
Shortly thereafter, his father’s business dealings overseas failed, and Siger and his family were thrust out of polite society and left to defend for themselves, securing a small country home in Sussex while his father and Mycroft sought work. All their worldly belongings were sold off, except for a few trinkets, books and clothes. Sherlock even had to sell his beautiful violin.
“Leave now, and never return. You will not harm Sherlock or his family any longer,” the beast growled, pushing him away and looking up, seeing Sherlock standing on the balcony just above, looking down him with apprehension and fear in his eyes.
The beast and Sherlock were on tentatively better terms; Sherlock agreed not to run again and the beast stared at him for a moment with an unreadable expression before nodding in agreement and turning away, disappearing around a corner in a flurry of his scarlet cloak.
But he knew his papa needed him, and so what choice did he have?
” Settling on his thighs, still shirtless, John leaned down to lock Sherlock’s mouth in a kiss, much to the younger man’s surprise. John started slow, moving his lips gently, teasingly over Sherlock’s. After another moment, he began to trace his tongue alone the seam of Sherlock’s lips coaxingly, and they opened for him with a sweet gasp, encouraging John to continue pleasing his soon to be lover, soothing away his fears and anxieties with his lips.
“Sherlock,” John whispered into the quiet library after a while of holding one another, “do you want to have sex?”
Sherlock gulped, and being the loving, adorable, naïve boy that he is, nodded his head in agreement, splayed back on the bed with his legs wide and his panties filled with his own essence: “Whatever you want John, just show me what to do.”
Truly, he loved this man.
“Alright, let’s go,” Sherlock remarked, walking to the door and, taking a deep breath, opened it and stepped out into the darkened hallway. He peered nervously in both directions and, not having seen anyone, strode forward holding Rosie and allowing Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson to follow.
Without a word, John turned and went back out into the sitting room. Sherlock sat on the bed in confusion. Did John not like the outfit? Sherlock dismissed that hastily formed conclusion immediately, having seen John’s pupils dilate and the badly hidden half-erection in his work trousers.
He chuckled lowly at their color, the same color as Sherlock’s purple shirt.
They rode back to back to Baker St. in silence, John throwing a few notes at the cabbie before hopping out of the car, watching a quivering Sherlock do the same, only slower.
She was probably beautiful- young, of course, probably in her early twenties and pampered. Oh yes, a pampered girl with no concept of the reality of life. She would wear the finest gowns and heels, with an air of sweet innocence that seemed to follow princesses in both fairytales and reality.
Can they tell? Do they know that I’m aroused? Oh God, think,
She was jerked back from her musings by Molly forcefully tugging a wide black silk ribbon around her waist, tying a square bow and allowing the ribbons to flow down her back. Sherlock turned to gaze in the mirror, and was startled by the beautiful, regal looking woman in the mirror. Her curls framed her pale complexion and emphasized her long neck and defined cheekbones. The green and black contrasted beautifully and suited her to a tee.
But after a moment of staring at Sherlock’s wide, beseeching eyes, John caved with a put upon sigh, standing up and walking to where his boxers lay in the corner of the room where he had kicked them off just a few hours earlier.
Sherlock shuttered as he woke fully, confused for a moment, just as John spread his cheeks and began kissing just over his sensitive rim, soothing away the lingering ache from last night’s activities.
“Sherlock, I love you,
“Take my waist,” Sherlock whispered, turning to face John and stepping close. John’s confusion only lasted a moment, before his eyes widened.
John stretched him open quickly, scissoring two fingers in and out of the widening muscle.
He is always baffled by the fact that he once thought himself below this primitive form of human connection- the act itself would be nothing if it were not for John’s loving care and playful teasing. Just looking at the unassuming Doctor could put Sherlock in a tizzy of arousal and love so deep that even his mind-palace could not distract him.
Then he went over to his bed, and looked at the clothes laid out, rolling his eyes at Lestrade.
Out in the living room, John listened half-heartedly to Lestrade explain the latest case down at the yard, when he heard a muffled gasp echo from the hallway. Lestrade cut himself off with a questioning look, "what was that?"
But now, as Sherlock gazed at these frozen statues and, daringly, let his gaze drop below their waists, he observed in fascination the beauty of the naked human body; the plump and the thin, the small phallus and the large. Women with their breasts and genitalia so gentle, always appearing so soft even etched in stone as they are, and men, with their strong chests and firm-
What does it mean to be truly understood?
“Keep reading, sweetheart,” John commanded, not unkindly, as he reached beneath the bed to pull out their toy chest. Sherlock listened to the rustling behind him, and with a nervous gulp, turned the pages to the final poem and began, blinking several times to focus on the words:
“Oh,” Sherlock responded with a growing blush, looking at the little white panties with pink trim, and a small bow that would rest a few inches beneath his bellybutton.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Hello love, looking a bit flushed, ay?” John asked innocently, leaning up to press a kiss against Sherlock’s smooth cheek and nipping lightly.
No such luck, it would seem, in escaping Lestrade’s notice. Sherlock tensed in realization and gripped his coat tighter, using his battle armor to hide his shameful condition before sniffing haughtily.
As the beast watched the young man from the shadows, an idea came to his mind. A dangerous one to even contemplate, but he had to try.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes!” Molly exclaimed, her tiny clock face lighting up and the pendulum in her torso rocking faster back and forth with excitement as she stumbled over her words, “I-yes-l-let’s go now then, shall we?"
“We’re both clean, John, please,” Sherlock begged, reaching for John’s left hand and placing it on his own arse. Sherlock’s prepared bum was soaked from lube, his rosebud practically
A creak sounded behind him, and Siger whipped around, his heart racing as he peered at a huge man standing hunched in the shadows. As the man drew closer, Siger realized he was not a man at all. He was covered in fur, and he had horns upon his head and claws on his hands and feet. He stood at least twenty hands high, and his face, if it could even be described in such terms, was twisted in rage, his blue eyes flashing in discontentment.
He was handsome, John admitted to himself with a cough, gesturing for the young man to come in and state his business with the tired, overworked doctor.
“D-Daddy,” Sherlock whispered, but John only kissed the tip of his cock and shook his head.
Suddenly he was there, and standing where the light once shown brightly in a hazy glow was John, standing in the middle of the pathway. John, who was wearing a silly oatmeal colored jumper to cover his broad shoulders and a pair of well-worn trousers, grinning at Sherlock in his typical boyish manner and laughing at Sherlock’s bewildered expression.
as well, as Sherlock seemed to be a natural submissive.
In the middle of the day, there were thousands of tweets with #Johnlock trending, and people kept stopping them to congratulate the men on their relationship.
“Father, go get a drink and give me a moment,” Mycroft ordered and Siger nodded, turning away as Mycroft began his stroll over to Moriarty, steeling himself.
John gently fit the gag in his mouth, tightening the strap around his head and curls before he sat back, gazing at his handiwork with a downright gleeful expression that did not befit a man who had just tied up and gagged his boyfriend into submission.
"Ohh, okay, well I am the master's ward, whatever that means," she babbled, and Sherlock was struck by the fact that this teacup, this teacup used to be a
But now, it seemed, in the harsh light of day, Sherlock refused to be denied any longer.
Next chapter: John's find's Sherlock's box of toys, and decides it is time to play....
Moriarty and his right hand man, Moran, came to the door and knocked. Sherlock swung open the door in a fury, his face set in a stony glare, but Moriarty only smiled in delight.
They both flopped over on their backs on the messy bedspread, grinning like fools.
, seeking his own pleasure.
for the monster, Moriarty thought with a startled laugh, and a sparkle in his eye of a new plan.
“Mrs. Hudson, Lestrade! I need your help,” John called, as he began to plan.
“I’m very happy with John, Mrs. Hudson,” Sherlock sighed at being forced into banal conversation, but knowing he wanted to express his feelings about John, “he has saved me. So many times, and in so many ways. I can’t imagine my life without his constant nagging anymore,” Sherlock finished, trying to diminish the sentimental drivel that he had just spewed, but it was too late.
‘Idiot’ swiftly became a term of endearment between Sherlock and John, as they swiftly settled into their abnormal normalcy at 221B. Nights of domesticity where Sherlock was muttering about an experiment involving pig intestine’s and John was reading another crime novel, ‘honestly John, its obvious that the Baker is the murderer, look at the passage about the flour markings.’
"What happened to my horse, Philip?" Sherlock asked guilty, having forgotten about his horse in the chaos.
Yes, the blue and white formal jacket please,” she announced, and Sherlock pulled this item out with a grin. He loved the way the coat looked on the hanger, and hoped it would make him appear dashing.
High-Functioning Sociopath my arse, John thought bitterly.
Sherlock paused for a moment. He did not want to stay, but his Papa would surely die if he did not. Sherlock looked into his father’s eyes, wishing that there were a better alternative but knowing that wishing was rarely productive.
This wasn’t supposed to happen. Sherlock knew there was a risk, but they had been so close to the end, smiling at one another. Sherlock had come home, and everything was supposed to end happily ever after, just like in his mother’s storybooks.
“Listen, your highness,” John began hesitantly, “I am sorry that I overstepped the mark earlier in regards to your freedom- it wasn’t my intention; please accept my apology.”
“I can’t John,” he whispered to himself.
Right before she was about to politely correct King Mycroft (and his presumptuous attitude), the doorman announced the Princess of Fairlyn's arrival, and the entire chamber turned to the enormous doorway to see the enigmatic princess arrive.
“What duties might those be, sitting still, keeping my mouth closed, and looking pretty?” Sherlock sneered as Mrs. Hudson divested her of her nightgown and left her in her altogether while she went to grab undergarments.
He smiled and snuggled closer, closing his eyes and basking in the dim morning light and the feelings of being completely and utterly safe in John’s arms.
“Come with me” John stood up, gesturing for Sherlock to follow, and up they went, up the spiral staircase to John’s destroyed chambers and to the balcony and the rose. Sherlock noticed the chambers were much the same, if a bit cleaner, and his eyes were caught again by the shredded picture of the man, wishing to know what happened to John to make him turn into a beast. And what was the significance of the glowing rose?
Once he laid Sherlock down, and moved to go clean up from their sensual dinner, Sherlock wrapped his hand around John’s wrist.
Sherlock looked to John once again, piercing him with his inquisitive gaze, “you claimed you were not gay on many occasions, and due to your obsession with women I never doubted your inability to be swayed by the male form” Sherlock gestured to himself, in his six foot pale, lean glory, and John’s eyes swept over his form in a hungry manner that caused the younger man to redden once again.
“Shh, we have to make this last,” John remarked lightly, rolling off of the detective to root under the bed, ignoring Sherlock petulant pout and grumbling about John leaving him “in such a state.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes at Lestrade’s boring case and typed back his answer.
Sherlock dashed down the familiar corridors of his home for the past two months, feeling fresh tears trace down his face as he hurried to pack and begin the journey to Sussex.
“Now, go stand in the corner, hands on your head,” John said, waving one hand and sitting back in his chair with an easy smirk.
“Because, Sherlock, we’re going to stay like this until you admit how beautiful and wonderful you are, and mean it,” John said nonchalantly, far too much in control for someone buried inside someone else, and Sherlock rolled his eyes in annoyance at John’s unnecessary request.
“Well it reads 37.8 C, a little warm if I do say so myself. We will have to do something to bring down your fever,” John remarked idly to himself, and Sherlock almost growled in frustration, wanting John to take him and let him come.
moaning lowly at the sensation of being filled for the first time.
"I love you too, Sherlock," John chuckled to himself, feeling self-satisfied and unbelievably content..
"Well, it is quite the view, but I want to
Pushing those thoughts away, he leaned down to placed a kiss on Sherlock’s head and pressed their naked, cooling bodies together as if to remind Sherlock of all they had just shared.
," John leered, kissing Sherlock once, twice on the lips, and causing Sherlock to over heat from the barely restrained passion.
The plug was absolute torture against his sensitive, swollen prostate. Every brief movement nudged just over his sweet spot, sending pulsations through his groin and filling his manhood in turn.
He was a short prince with eyes as black as pitch. He seemed… off. As his dark eyes scanned her body, she felt unnerved and clutched tighter to her brother’s arm.
Sherlock was in no way a quiet lover, his low moans and high cries echoing around the bedroom in a sweet symphony of erotic expectations, and John felt his purpling cock leaking at the sheer sounds alone.
or your father’s incarceration, now choose.”
"Daddy, stop that!"
“Sher- Sherlock
“Sir, are you s-sure this is necessary?” Sherlock gasped out, and John saw a flush spreading to the back of his neck where downy curls were gathered. Sherlock was embarrassed to be treated so childishly, and John treating him so coldly only adding to his feelings of nervousness and vulnerability.
Turning on the facet, John undressed himself but decided to tend to Sherlock first, lowering him into the warm bathwater and kneeling by the tub, beginning to clean his dirty lover.
“Color, love?” John asked, stroking his hair away from his face and watching his expression for too much pain or stimulation.
Quickly and efficiently, John nudged his way inside Sherlock’s tight entrance, and began fingering and rotating his stocky finger, opening Sherlock for the thermometer to come.
“Look at you, Sherlock, sucking me off in the entranceway of our flat. What if someone walks in?” John bit out, biting back moans as Sherlock’s plush mouth sucked gently and then roughly on his prick, Sherlock’s other hand gently massaging his balls.
John stood up and walked over, placing a kiss on Rosie's forehead and then Sherlock's, his heart swelling at the sight of his two little hellions getting into their usual mischief. Since marrying Sherlock, John's life had been just about perfect.
They were…. Naughty indeed. Sherlock gulped and a small smile began to form on his lips.
Commander Thrym began to approach her and she turned, sheathing her sword, straitening her back, and clearing her expression. This was it.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Spread ‘em, sweetheart,” John ordered, tapping the back of Sherlock’s thighs to emphasize his point.
The good doctor licked his lips and pulled out his phone, snapping a quick picture in the twilight laden bedroom, wanting to preserve the sweet sight of his love looking simultaneously sensual and adorable all at once.
With a roar, John came, filling Sherlock up to the brim with his seed. He reveled in Sherlock’s moan as he felt the seed hit his inner walls, coating his insides with John’s cum for the first time and adoring the feeling of John’s pleasure inside of him, filling him up. Sherlock closed his eyes, trying not to come until John said.
“Show me Sherlock,” he commanded, and all of a sudden he saw a picture of the young man, wearing new clothing and giggling at Rosie who was bathing in a soapy tub in the kitchen while Mrs. Hudson admonished her for splashing everywhere.
“Alright Sherlock, I am going to open you slightly, and then I will insert the thermometer. It needs to stay in until it beeps, so try and stay still. The lube may feel a bit cold,” John remarked, chuckling slightly as Sherlock yelped at the first touch of John’s lube coated finger to his winking entrance.
"Not so fast. You have to threaten to lock up Siger Holmes on account of hallucinations of beasts, unless his son, Sherlock, agrees to marry me," Moriarty explained slowly, as if talking to a slow child. The owner rolled his eyes with a groan of annoyance.
The asylum owner's face curled slowly into a smirk, "well, crazy is my expertise."
Minor violence. Comments/kudos are appreciated.
- job, Sherlock bounded off of the couch where he had been lounging and ran to his bedroom, throwing off his dressing gown and tattered pajamas in a minute and going to his bed, crouching down and pulling out the small black box where he had carefully placed his sex toys the day before after cleaning them.
“You’re an idiot,” Sherlock declared haughtily instead, his insult undermined by the way he was gently stroking John’s arm and chest, as if John was the most precious person in Sherlock’s world, which he was.
“Well, you haven’t eaten in the past two days-“
A moment later, he received a response.
“Mycroft,” Moriarty crooned, “you should be more careful with your belongings, someone might
Looking at the pornographic photo for a moment longer, John looked back to meet eyes with his lover, who was begging to have his release.
“Such a good little one, always wet for me, ready for me to sink deep inside at a moments notice, there's a good boy, Sherlock,” John voiced over Sherlock’s whimpers as John began to slowly sink inside his entrance, the lingering cold from the ice enveloping his throbbing cock and causing a groan to pass unbidden from his lips.
Books. It smelled like books, old and new, all around them.
"Shh, no need to be nervous, love," John calmed, recognizing the closed off look on Sherlock's face as a coping mechanism, "I won't hurt you. Well, unless you ask me to" she teased with a wink, and Sherlock rolled her eyes at John's horrid innuendo, loosening her muscles at relaxing more onto the bed. It was John, John would never hurt her.
“We will go slowly,” John whispered, as if to himself, as the wet heat clenching around the tip of his cock was teasing him to the threads of his control.
They laid there until the water began to grow tepid, and John nudged Sherlock to stand up, turning on the showerhead and quickly washing the lingering suds off of their bodies.
Sherlock’s small whimper was drowned out by Lestrade’s booming voice,” Oh, thank
“That,” John growled, backing Sherlock up to the edge of the bed until he fell back with a startled grunt, and John leaned over him predatorily, “that was the single most erotic thing I have ever seen. I want to consume you.”
He flipped Sherlock onto his back, ignoring his sharp cry of “
“Well, lets see what Sherlock has to say, shall we?” Moriarty proclaimed, unperturbed, as he danced back over to Sherlock to peer up into his face, a wicked gleam in his eyes.
All was well.
Oh, it was
title like armor against the sentiment that shown in his iridescent eyes each time he looked at John.
As John put the kettle on and set two tea cups out- Sherlock’s stark gray mug and John’s RAMC- John turned to peer at the man in the sitting room.
As the sweet, slightly mournful beginning notes began to play, Sherlock stepped into John’s arms, allowing him to take the lead with a mock-annoyed eye roll, his face split in a gorgeous grin that took John’s breath away.
"How nice it feels, the way the world becomes smaller when it is just us, just now, just this," Sherlock breathed quietly while John pressed wet, smacking kisses against his shoulder blades and spine, causing a shiver.
“You’re my naughty little boy, aren't you Sherlock?” John continued in a conversationalist manner, continuing to pace around Sherlock and refusing to touch him, despite the green-blue eyes that were following his every movement, fluttering at his words.
“No, John, even
He was quietly impressed.
In his panties.
And flowers were the reason Sherlock was currently holed up in their bathroom at 221B, trying to calm her frazzled nerves.
Sherlock was taking new cases once again, and consulting with Scotland Yard with the help of Graham Lestrade-
“Sherlock, what do you know about me? Do you know who I am?” The beast asked plainly, a hint of trepidation and, perhaps hope, lingering in his voice.
Sherlock shook his head in denial, “but Mycroft said that it is weak to succumb to sentiment. That it is better to only be logical.”
Sherlock panicked, his heart picking up speed at the thought of an angry mob attacking John, and tried to take the mirror back desperately, but Moran held him back, “no, wait, he isn’t dangerous,
John slide a new pair of underwear and Sherlock’s pajama bottom’s on his unconscious form, and then raced into the hallway to handle his arousal.
Sherlock cried when he was able to finally, finally take John’s enormous girth into his body, his pink entrance clenching around the girth and causing pulsations of pleasure to race up Sherlock’s spine and into his own cock, which was flushed and leaking.
His inner mind teased, and he blushed brighter, thinking about John. The beast and the man from his dream, morphing into one person in his mind, inseparable from one another.
With that thought, John pulled out the soft black restraints and watched as Sherlock eyes dilated and his hips gave an unconscious shake at the idea of prolonged, torturous pleasure with himself tied up and completely at John’s mercy.
“I told you Sherlock, that game is over. Daddy’s had enough now,” he sang with in a twisted voice, “Marriage to
Sherlock was surrounded by wolves, trying to fend them away from him and his horse, who appeared to be caught on a branch. With a roar, he turned the lowly predators to face him, and as a group they attacked. He fought bak viciously, clawing every which way to hurt the animals, but there were too many. They tore at his clothes, biting into the scruff of his neck and and meat of his legs.
John deftly adjusted himself in his trousers, staring at Sherlock pouting mouth in anticipation of those sweet lips, but he quickly coated his fingers in lube to remind himself of the exam.
“So, since you liked both the colors and the feel of the chemise and corset, I’ve set out a few panties and sets of lingerie I thought you might enjoy.”
“I know that Mrs. Hudson, Molly, Lestrade, Rosie and the other magical objects used to be people, but where changed by a curse set on the castle,” Sherlock gulped, ignoring the dark gaze of the beast scanning his features and continuing, “I know the curse somehow involved a prince, a prince in the destroyed painting in your bedchambers.”
“Well, I know I haven’t been exactly open to it in the past….” Sherlock trailed off, biting his lip and John looked at him with an incredulous expression, one dark eyebrow raised, “alright, I detested sentiment openly, but John,” Sherlock reached up to grasp at John’s shirt where he was still lying half on John’s body, feeling the muscles beneath his hands and failing to suppress a shiver, “I’ve never done this before. But the idea of you, with a woman or worse, with a man, reminded me that I couldn’t have you,” Sherlock paused, taking a deep breath, “I’d wasted my chance.”
Mycroft was twenty-seven now, invested in helping his father with his business transactions and looking to become involved with the government sometime soon. Katherine, a loud girl who was constantly in motion had recently turned twenty-four and was searching for just the right man to marry. Sherlock scoffed at his sister's ramblings, but anyone could see the spark of interest in his eyes when his sister would start rambling about "true love." Sherlock, the youngest, had just reached the age of majority- twenty one. And yet, with Sherlock's curiosity and spark for life, one could mistake him for a bit younger, a youthful innocence surrounding the young man despite the cruelty he faced from others.
“Sorry love, what was that you said?” He asked innocently, his eyes gleaming with dark promise, and Sherlock whined, lying back against his pillows with a hitching breath and feeling a fiery blush licking across his cheekbones.
Looking down at the bubbles, which mostly blocked her nudity, Sherlock heard the door open and close quietly. John did not approach any closer to the bath, but rather stayed firmly planted where she had entered, and silence stretched through the room.
“Do you know who I am?” Moriarty asked nonchalantly, and the beast nodded once, turning his face away in disgust.
Sherlock needed freedom like he needed air, and he would find a way to have it, away from this castle and from his husband to be. Always optimistic, his Sherlock, John thought with a bittersweet smile.
John contained his pleased chuckle at Sherlock’s predictability, “So, have you thought of me during your private time, I’m to understand? And what do we do, in these fantasies of yours?”
Sherlock glowered a bit at being called a “big lad,” but when he looked down at the bee’s decorating the thin gown, he conceded that he was, perhaps, a bit childish.
“You’re so beautiful Sherlock,” John remarked, pulling away with a kiss to Sherlock’s nose and stroking his rosy cheeks with his hands, “let me see you. I want to, it's so attractive to me.”
But the worst, so it was told, was the fate of the Iris women- young and old- who lay, bleeding and motionless, on the cold stone pave ways, their clothing torn and tattered from the hands of greedy, grasping men who took and took and
Since the confession two weeks ago, Sherlock and John had been easing into their relationship naturally. Sherlock was at a bit of a loss, having never been in a relationship before, but John Watson is endlessly chivalrous and decides that his lovely detective deserves to be dated properly.
“Of course you’re not crying, love,” Mrs. Hudson placated with a tone suggesting she didn’t believe it for an instant, “come here, then, let’s get you settled.”
“I-I never knew, it could be like that,” Sherlock admitted in the safety of John’s arms afterwards, and John nodded in agreement, running his hands soothingly up and down Sherlock's back.
you would like me to do something about it,” John said in his normal, comforting voice, his eyes never leaving the page of his medical text as he reprimanded Sherlock for staring at him lustfully.
Sherlock was quickly becoming an expert, and John found it difficult to stifle his moans. But Sherlock had been a good boy, and deserved praise, and so he soldiered on.
“I-I’m sorry-“ Sherlock began.
Sherlock’s eyes glowed in anger at the familiarity expressed by her guard of one day. She spun around, her chest heaving in anger and frustration: “You’re coming dangerously close to impertinence, John. You will address me as is appropriate for our varied positions. I’ll thank you for your assistance tonight, but I do not need your commentary on my life or choices, and I especially do not need you to compare my life to yours as a lowly merchant’s daughter.”
It accentuated his already prominent cheeks, parting it sweetly with a small pink ribbon that only just hid the entrance beneath, a small bow settled beneath his lower back at the very top of the thong back.
John gave a nervous giggle and shook her head in agreement, that yes; this place was truly a marvel.
Sherlock was fantastically, unbelievably, mind-numbingly bored. The vapid men she was stuck with annoyed her within moments, she couldn't imagine a lifetime of conversations, balls, and shared chambers with any one of the men that were thrust upon her tonight.
“Please, just, please-“ Sherlock trailed off, biting his lip and watching John’s growing erection in his dress pants, leaning forward to breathe in the scent of arousal. John smelled like gun powder, tea, and like the masculine scent that was naturally his. It was intoxicating.
,” Sherlock moaned, tears falling from his eyes from the overstimulation, his body entirely exhausted and sexually spent. Sherlock’s overstimulated crying continued, his body lethargic, and John smiled and wiped the leaking tears away, kissing over his face gently in contradiction to the harsh lovemaking.
What’s Sherlock getting up to now?
love, I have to get you ready for me,” John placated, and without warning, thrust his index finger into Sherlock’s wet opening, tilting his fingers to rub against his sweet spot in the next moment and causing Sherlock to shout out in pleasure, his pretty face absolutely scarlet from mortification at his most private place being so on display and invaded as well as desire, for John to take his innocence.
“Seriously,” John giggled as the two men made their way back home, “the man who sprinkled you with glitter and called you a ‘sparkling posh boy’ was the best part of the day.”
With that John rolled over, pinning Sherlock beneath him and using his weight to cage the young man in. Rather than feeling powerless, Sherlock felt safe with the weight of John covering him, protecting him, and he allowed John to control the kisses they were trading like secrets.
“How ar-“
Struck silent, Sherlock took a step back and nearly toppled over the vanity. John smothered a smile and continued to stand in the doorway at parade rest, a slightly cocky smile twisting her thin lips.
Mrs. Hudson peaked her head in, carrying freshly laundered clothes, “morning dears! I took Rosie sometime last night, as you were both deeply asleep. But she has been up for hours now and has been asking after you both, and you have to address the staff, master,” she explained, but John was simply staring at her, taking in the sight of his beloved housekeeper, the woman who always treated him like a son, regardless of how cruel he was to her, to everyone who stayed, even after his blood relatives had long left him.
“-lock, Princess Sherlock?” John asked, attempting to get the princess’ attention.
Sherlock was silent for a moment longer, loathing the fact they were having this discussion of allegiance and loyalty while she was
Alright then, so much for drawing out pleasure.
Put so bluntly, a yes or no answer, Sherlock felt his nerves about the situations disperse. True, he was untried and therefore did not know what he was doing, but there was no one he wanted to discover it with than John.
Sherlock responded enchantingly, licking into John’s mouth while rolling his clothed erection against John’s and moaning as if it would satiate his hunger for more. John smoothed his hands down Sherlock’s sides and rested them on his plush arse, kneading them for a moment before teasingly running a finger down the seem, splitting Sherlock’s cheeks through his pants and prodding at his hidden entrance with an undulation of his hips at the same moment, causing Sherlock to break of their kiss with a panted shout, “
“I know,” Mrs. Hudson agreed mournfully, and John cringed as she continued, “John used to be utterly obsessed with running around the castle completely naked, his naked bum and bits on display, interrupting formal dinners and the like. He was such an adorable, mischievous child,” she laughed as she watched John’s face flush up to his ears, matching his beloved’s horrified expression.
Sherlock let out a whine at that, leaning forward on his knees to initiate more contact, needed to feel John after his frightening encounter, but John pulled away, standing a few feet from Sherlock with a set expression on his face.
“Turns out it was the history teacher, after all,” Sherlock finished, grinning at John’s snorted laugh. They ate in silence for a few minutes after that, just enjoying one another’s company, before John cleared his throat, calling for John’s attention.
"Never you mind that right now, come here, tell me your name," the teapot demanded in a surprisingly forceful voice, and Sherlock was inclined to listen. He leaned down and took the proffered teacup gratefully, blowing on the hot beverage and nearly dropping it at hearing a child's voice giggle, "hey! That tickles!"
Sherlock waited, and
No sex, but the events are leading up to Sherlock's first punishment :)
Sherlock’s heartbroken outburst had settled down into quiet weeping, but he still clutched the beast close; to be with him in death, it seemed.
John reached to Sherlock’s side when he was distracted, his head thrown back against the bed as he panted out, “
“We have to get up, John,” Sherlock tried to level his voice, and put on his usual impassive mask. But John stared down at him, his midnight blue eyes shining as if Sherlock was more brilliant than the Van Buren Supernova, and Sherlock’s resolve to have a productive morning crumbled under the weight of affectionate, saccharine kisses.
Sherlock grasped the tea after a moment, and peered at John out of the corner of his eyes. John turned towards him with a smile, pushing his thigh up to rest against Sherlock’s bony knee, getting used to the sensation of being allowed to touch Sherlock, whenever he wants, to grab him, pushing him down on any surface and-
“But?” Sherlock began.
He was truly beautiful like this, John thought with an internal sigh of admiration: his lithe muscles straining to keep in his shudders of nervousness and arousal, his skin glowing alabaster in the dim light streaming through the partially closed curtains, and his large, violinist’s hands covering his growing need.
“High-Functioning Sociopath? Sherlock, we both know that is a load of bollocks. You have proven, time and time again, that you are not unfeeling; rather you are one of the most caring men I have ever had the pleasure to know. You jumped off a building to save me and your friends, you’re not the selfish bastard you make yourself out to be.” John exhales shakily, trying not to become overwhelmed by the memories of blood on the pavement and a pale forehead streaked with blood-
