Tony turned his chair and wheeled it into the car without any problem. Next went Steve, and then Ben.
"Look at me," Steve, surprised by the outburst, spread his hands, and the cabin suddenly seemed much smaller, "what good is the officer who can't even protect himself?"
"I know. I think it would've never even occurred to you." Tony gave him a crooked smile, tried to rub the back of his head and swore, remembering about the glove. "Let's do it this way: decide who with and where you're having lunch, but dinner is with me."
Hank gave him an uncomprehending gaze, but Janet distracted him. She threw herself at him, with her hands around his neck, in a similar costume and kissed him loudly on his cheek.
"Something unexpected," remarked Janet quietly, running her hand through Hank's hair. "He meant a party, or karaoke, I don’t know, jumping with a parachute. Something you'd never do, sweetie."
A couple of times he woke up after bizarre nightmares that he couldn't even recall completely, because thinking was even harder than trying to open his glued together eyelids. He was finally dragged from the bed by the insistent ringing of the doorbell– the guest, whoever that was, was most likely pressing it for a while and starting to lose patience.
"I should've guessed," she said, quickly, running up to him. Ants started crawling around her bare feet, but Steve thought there was probably no reason to warn her about that. He debated denying everything, but he couldn't make himself say a single word. "All your secrets," Janet kept talking, touching the metal breastplate. "Your secret past. You never talk about yourself. And you're friends with Tony, and Tony's connected to Iron Man. God, it's really obvious and... What's that?"
The ship that Cetaganda sent after their disgraced diplomat was small and fast. It didn't spot a lot of weapons, the engineer obviously expected a pilot to be able to steer away the ship from any enemy fire in a blink of an eye. The pilot was supplied, as well, but Steve didn't get a chance to meet him, or any other members of the crew, for that matter. Everybody was busy and didn't really care for talking to a Barrayaran.
Something was making him uneasy, some kind of detail that stood out from the norm and didn't let him focus on the conversation. The kitchen was fine, the noise from the TV wasn't distracting enough, and Steve just couldn't understand what was it, until he looked at Tony again. There was no wheelchair.
On the train, Tony laid out their meager belongings, leaned back, relaxing, and stretched out his legs till the tips of his boots touched Steve's.
He could see the mini-bus they came here in, grey lines of the roads, parks and houses - endless tall buildings stretching to the sky, as if trying to outgrow each other. New York these days looked like a giant beast with glorious stone skin covered in moss. And even the color of the sky seemed different to Steve. Maybe, it was just that during the war he forgot how to look at it and not expect to see enemy jets.
"Ghem-lord Stark isn't my master," he corrected Steve. "And he's too attached to me emotionally to be offended on my behalf. I am not offended."
The armor was glowing in the light of a lamp. A computer on a table was turned on, and Steve stopped next to it, trying to formulate his request. 'Accidents involving scientists?' 'Weird things in the last twenty-four hours?' He didn't know what he was looking for, but he couldn’t shake the feeling that this was too weird even for this remarkable world to be normal.
'This is Janet. Do you want to go somewhere tomorrow? Hank has a symposium and only the smart ones are allowed in.'
"And they have access to various teratogenic substances," confirmed Stark, making the same grimace he did before at the mention of Jackson's Whole. "And an unhealthy sense of humor. And they're quite vindictive."
"Pepper is actually here," she said. "And she's going to take a shower now." Happy went up the stairs, following a barely there gesture she made. "Decide for yourself, who's keeping me company."
Steve didn't understand, but that was alright. People around him referenced modern culture all the time, and he wasn't quite versed in it yet. Sometimes he asked to clarify, but more often than not he just chose to ignore it.
"I'll kill him," was the first thing out of his mouth. "If that wasn't an attempt on my life, I don't know anything. Jarvis, I need a thermal blanket, now. And tea. And the head of this..."
"No, thanks." Steve made a step forward and then paused. "Could you tell me if there's something like a gym here?"
"It does matter," answered Tony through a sudden kiss, he was expecting to do a lot more convincing before this Barrayaran monument to stubbornness agreed to anything, "it matter quite a lot, what you think, to me. If you decide to fight me after all, I'll get it, even though I'll have to think that my father didn't finish his work, and your brain is not as good as the rest of you."
"I didn't ask for it! I didn't want it!" He breathed out, loudly, his chest suddenly feeling tight. "I had a purpose. A war. My place is back there. But because of some scientist and his experiments I betrayed my country and all the trust that was put on me! It's taken me such a long time to get there, and now..." Steve's hand was shaking, and he squeezed his wrist with another hand. "It's all been pointless."
"You're a soldier," said Tony matter-of-factly. Steve didn't immediately understand he was addressed. "You said so. Don't take it the wrong way, though, but you have ‘unfit for duty' written all over yourself. What did you do to get accepted by the army? Are you a genius strategist? Or a technician?"
Tony snorted. He turned off the tablet, and the room was left in dim light of the evening. Steve saw reflection of the TV screen in the window; it was showing some black and white movie.
"Hurts," said Steve, pausing and hoping he didn't hurt Start. The man's body was griping him so hard his vision went dark. "You're so tight... come on, relax, I can't even pull out when you're like this."
"You will achieve nothing pressuring him. I know what I'm doing," Tony was going to touch his forehead, but froze, looking at his bandaged hand. "Trust me."
"I did, recently," Tony nodded, shameless. Steve blushed and wondered, what gave them away. Was it the hickeys again? But he didn't have any.
"Sit down," said Janet, pushing Steve towards the chair. Then she came towards Hank and adjusted the blanket, so he wouldn't fall on his next step. There was something soft and intimate about it, and Steve looked away. His t-shirt still smelled slightly of Tony's perfume, and he felt like the smell became stronger when he tried to straighten the fabric.
"What were you even looking for?" asked Tony, when they were already in the car. "Traces of evil experiments? Grimm, stop mother-henning him. You have Reed, he needs it more."
Tony looked frightened. He froze in an awkward pose, made a step back, but Steve, following an unformed yet thought, grabbed his wrist.
Perhaps, Steve thought, he himself needed to follow the doc's advice, whatever derision Tony chose to speak about it with. Get drunk, accept Solomon's invitation to a hippie party (Steve still didn't know anything about hippies. He most certainly read something about them on the internet, once, but quickly forgot about), just let himself unwind. Then again, he’d hardly seriously consider doing any of that.
Steve immediately updated the map. Hank was still his main lead in this whole thing, and the only one who could explain anything. His flat was relatively close, and Steve was just getting ready to fly off, when he felt something tapping his back. Only then he remembered he wasn't alone, and swore at himself mentally. Hawkeye knocked on the chest plate, like one would check the wall for hollow spots.
"So, untraditional will do fine?" Steve scratched his chin. "Great. Should the gifts be hand-made? Do they have to have at least some artistic value?"
"Seems so," Vorbarton nodded after listening to Steve's findings. They met at sunset, like the spies would in the best novels, in the park that Steve used for running and Clint – to hide from his home life. He dearly loved his wife and adored his three children, but sometimes they could be too much. "I didn't dig up anything on him, but there's a lot of information out there about that haut-lady Mio – at least since she married Stark senior."
It sounded plausible. All of Bruce's behavior hinted at him feeling guilty of something. Maybe, the people getting hurt broke him, or maybe he decided the research was pointless. It sounded quite plausible, but Bruce only laughed at his suggestion.
Janet suddenly got up and spread her hands, letting the wind blow in her face. She reminded Steve of some fairytale character, but it's been awhile since he believed fairy tales, so now it just made him nervous.
"I'd take you to the most expensive restaurant in New York, just to see your face, but I can't," Tony grinned and tapped the arm of his wheelchair. "Disability's usually good for the reputation, but, I'm afraid, not in my case. Happy," he exclaimed, "you know where we're going."
They ate in silence. Steve didn’t really feel like doing it, but forced himself anyway, out of habit acquired during the war. After the breakfast, Ben put all the dirty dishes in the sink and grumbled: "I'm pretty sure Johnny will come today. I'll make him do all the dishes, just let him try and get away from it."
"I'm already done," said Steve. He rinsed his hands under water and quickly snuck past Jarvis whose puzzled gaze followed him.
"They were interested in my research," said Hank, visibly pleased. "They left me a number. It's a private organization."
"Alright, try to disconnect," he muttered, quickly going towards the monitors. "I still hope the link is through the armor, otherwise we'll definitely have to drag Pym here, and I hate letting other scientists into my workshop." He was speaking quickly and not quite clearly, like he always did when he was nervous.
Steve shuddered, feeling his face undeniably go red. Tony laughed and leaned down, touching his lips to Steve's neck. The anxiety enveloping Steve started receding, and he felt himself relax, slowly. He put his hand on the back of Tony's head, treading his fingers through the man's hair. The sensation was new, all of this was new to him, but – to his own surprise – he wasn't bothered by it.
"Hawkeye," said Steve, suddenly tired. It was a bit stupid of him to expect to be let go so easily, it was even more stupid to let the man get close. This whole day seemed just like a series of stupid ridiculous accidents that was coming apart like an old rusty mechanism. Steve could only imagine what was waiting for him next.
"Leave your name," Steve could hear her typing something, "Mister Stark will contact you when he's available."
Steve didn't let him move away, however, taking him by the back of his head and pushing closer. He was acting on a reflex; the kiss resembled the quarrel they just had, as rough and almost cruel. His lips clashed, the pose was uncomfortable, but at some point, all of it stopped mattering: Tony moved closer, and Steve almost relaxed. Too much time passed since he kissed somebody, and soft Gail's lips or tender and pliable ones of French prostitutes had nothing in common with dry lips of Tony Stark.
"You've no idea what danger you've just been in." Bruce made a couple of steps towards the pickup, but swayed, and Steve had to catch him. "You could die."
Clutching the chair's back, Steve tried to do just that. His legs gave out under him, but Tony caught him in time, holding his waist, and Steve practically hung onto him. He wasn't really all that short, the impression came from him being thin and slouching all the time. He almost ditched that habit in the army, but he started doing it again having no reason to stand at attention anymore. At the back of his mind, irritation surfaced at letting himself go this way and not making an effort. Now he'll probably have a reason to start training again.
"I've been trying to ask her out for a month. First she was busy with work, then she had a vacation, then Tony stole her to France, so all hope rests on this Saturday."
"Wait," Natasha sighed. "This is all well and good, but somewhere in the capital, there's at least one criminal stealing officers' mail, kidnapping the Embassy's servants and organizing attacks. You can't just go home and pretend like everything's alright."
"Sorry." Steve rubbed his face with his hand, pushing away the hair. "It's just... no civilian ever... only the doctors during the adaptation."
The beast rolled his shoulders, as if brushing off an annoying insect. Tony snorted, took a credit card out of his jeans and handed it to Steve.
He started thinking about women. Actually, nothing was stopping Steve from finding a girlfriend, even at war, among the nurses, for example, and some of the rebels were beautiful, wonderful, reckless women, that did pay attention to Steve. But remembering his breakup with Gail, remembering how hard a relationship could be with someone, for whom his duty to his country would always come first, stopped him from acting upon any of it. His burden put too much responsibility on him. The Iron Man was too important.
Ben grimaced and pushed the elevator's button, while Tony was telling him something in a quiet voice.
"My relationship with the armor," said Steve, before remembering himself. He blinked, throwing away the strange numbness, and looked at Tony standing next to him. The man seemed surprised.
"You and Tony are behaving like children," she sighed, tired. "Do not think that nobody noticed your disagreement. Jarvis's counting losses from Tony's destructive experiments, and I am counting the circles you go in around the mansion. The numbers are astounding."
"Put your hands parallel to the ground," Tony demonstrated, and Steve repeated after him. "No more than one percent, or you'll make another hole in the ceiling."
"Maybe. Although, it would be better to send the next invitation by comm. Let's ignore tradition for the sake of safety."
Exactly an hour later Steve went down to the workshop and found Tony driving the medical chair’s legs’ attachments into the holes in the cement floor. Right above the chair there were lamps as bright as the ones he remembered seeing in operation rooms.
At first, Steve didn't answer, he stood there, clenching his teeth, and had a distant thought that this wasn't what he meant about being connected, only something inside his mind didn't agree to that.
"Looks like real trees, too, not holographic ones. People here don't like the illusions the way we do."
"I'll set up screens with color correction," decided Stark. "And thank you for reminding me of the blue moon. I should think what to do with it – should I try to dim it, or make it brighter as well? What had my predecessor done?"
"I could never hold him back," Bruce said. "He didn't come all that often, but..." A nervous smile twisted his face. "When he did want to come, I could do nothing."
"Knowledge is power," said Faustus. "I don't need to conquer the world, if people who can command insects, who build high-tech armor and make immortality elixirs, are under my control. But they didn't answer my question."
Janet straightened up. Steve again wondered how such a small and fragile woman could become so commanding, almost to the point of seeming cruel. She pointed at Tony.
"Start with power at 1 percent. Did your armor have stabilizers? Stupid question, of course, it did, otherwise it just wouldn't fly."
"I see," the ba nodded and went on his search. The ghem-colonel sighed and sat down to compose a letter home. There was nothing to say, in particular, but he couldn't leave his mother without news, nor to write in prose that disgusted her so. After all, haut-ladies were such sublime and sensitive creatures.
The track turned, but Bruce kept driving forward, right over the grass. Steve pressed his backpack to his chest. There were no safe belts in the pickup, and Steve kept jumping up on every bump in the road. The gun, even though it was wrapped in his clothes, kept painfully hitting his knees.
The light from the fire cast shadows on Bruce's face. He coughed and put aside a cookie he hadn't finished.
Steve quickly glanced at the armor, at Tony, whose whole face was trying to show how serious he was, and shook his head.
The rest of the road Steve slept through, leaning with his head on the cold glass of the window. He woke up to the sound of rain, when the train was already approaching New York. The city decided to welcome them with bad weather.
"If you'll let me," he said, "I can reprogram your controller and tie it to the armor. Or, maybe, even make a new one."
"Anybody aware of your destinations and going after us would expect you to pass the tunnels in the logical way. So, first we'll got to Escobar... let's say through Tau Ceta, Dolton and Beta colony."
Tony stood half turned away from him, and Steve couldn't see his face, but even his tense back spoke plenty of how uncomfortable he was with the suggestion. He froze with the wires in his hands, then turned around and looked at Steve.
"What are you so angry about?" Steve felt himself getting irritated. "What help was Jarvis when you're almost drowned in your shower, with no enemies around?"
"So, what did you learn?" Steve came back from his thoughts. "She was making weapons, too, instead of playing with the offspings' genomes?"
He was still feeling like the chasm of worry and lack of feeling at the other end was drowning him. He knew he had no right to get angry, but the anxiety was overcoming him, no matter how hard Steve tried to fight it. Janet managed to stop Hank. Steve didn't even get a chance.
"That's classified." He threw up his hand before Tony could interrupt. "The things I'll tell you can never leave this room."
He left the upper floors to Hank and Janet, Barton went down to meet their backup, and Steve was alone yet again. Only this time, his skin was itching. Steve never thought he'd welcome the discomfort of it, but it practically stupefied him for a moment: he stopped to catch his breath, and regretted that Tony never put analgesics and sedatives in the armor. Then again, Tony himself never needed them, and he was the one the armor was really made for.
Playing chess was absolutely out of the question in such a state, or drinking tea. Steve hovered over Stark, gave him a quick kiss and then asked with a sudden suspicion:
"I'll get fired," Parker stepped from leg to leg and looked around, nervously adjusting his backpack. "What happened there?"
Janet squeezed Steve's fingers even harder and, with confidence surprising for her state, went inside, leaving behind the grim suits and the nervous intern. The corridor looked untouched, as did the elevator, as did narrow passages between the rooms. Janet quickened her step, almost starting to run, and Steve had to focus not to stumble as he followed her.
Bruce was sitting in a tree's shadow, hugging his knees. Making another effort to move away, Steve went to him and sat down on the grass.
"Welcome," said Ben, while they were getting out of the car. "This is the place where the world's destiny gets determined. All the development and tech that surprises you so much."
"Tony," choked out Steve. He started coughing, his chest hurt, but it was the right kind of pain, it was telling Steve he was alive.
"Relax, I just want to be friends. All the science talk makes my head spin, and Hank doesn't really get why you’d try to talk about anything else."
Then, a wave of fury overcame his arousal. Tony had to know what was happening. He must've realized the moment Steve connected. It must've been an attempt to provoke him. With every breath Steve took now, the fury got stronger. Not quite understanding what he was doing, he jumped to his feet and rushed from the room.
He wasn't used to eating in silence; there were always plates ringing all around, the radio, soldiers talking. Since Ben left, Steve was getting progressively used to it, but it still bothered him, and here, at five o'clock in the morning, in somebody else's house the only source of noise was sitting across from him not saying a thing and waiting for Steve to break the silence.
Alabama felt wet and heavy, and its views were monotone yellow with rare addition of grey where a highway came closer to the railroad. Bold brown mountains rose on the horizon, covered by a heated mist, as if somebody painted them with acrylic paint over the blue sky. Steve's only neighbor was a small old woman who spent half of the road sleeping, and another half – telling him about the war. Steve squirmed every time it occurred to him they were probably born the same year.
"You need to calm down," said Steve, softly. "You'll calm down, and we'll go see a doctor. I'll find one that won't report our visit, I have connections. They’ll help you. Just calm down, get in the car, I can drive, I did it before. We'll go to a city, we'll..."
Steve found oatmeal in one of the numerous drawers and discovered, with some difficulty, a pan in the kitchen's table. While Steve was organizing breakfast, Tony kept watching him.
"Is this a start of a serious conversation?" Tony looked at Steve, curiously, making him lose his thought for a moment.
"Reed's friend," Tony answered, and Hank's look caused goose bumps along Steve’s back. "Don't attack him, he's new here. Look at what I brought you, though."
The last day of his vacation Steve spent practically hugging his laptop, trying to find any mention of what happened on that field in Mississippi. The press was silent, the news channels as well. Whoever General Ross was, he knew how to cover his and Hulk's tracks. For a moment, Steve thought that all this cover-up was a bad sign and another proof that America that he loved and protected so fiercely was turning into something different from what he expected. But Steve tried to push those thoughts away: the country wasn't responsible for what a few of its people were doing.
Steve was also berating himself for being so quick to anger and lose self-control. Something always happened to him around Stark, something hot and almost uncontrollable that he couldn't understand. That was the reason of their fight that blew up out of nowhere. That, and not Jarvis or some imagined flaws of Barrayaran security services, any critique towards which Steve always took personally.
Even one rifle and a soldier with good aim would be enough to knock them both out, but the soldiers hesitated. APCs, machine guns, rifles, everything was aiming at Bruce – just a shot would be enough, but nobody moved. They were scared, Steve finally understood. They were scared of Hulk.
Steve hesitated for a long time, pacing the room, looking out the window. His guts told him this would change everything, but didn't tell him would it be for the worse, or for the better. Either way, he had to risk it, to take the situation into his own hands and do what had to be done.
Something was happening on the lower floors. Steve was hearing distant noises, as if something massive was moving towards them. He shook his head, brushing unhelpful thoughts aside.
"The wayward son returns," Tony announced, his voice mocking. Hank frowned, and Janet passed Steve by and tapped Hank on his cheek lovingly, which required her to get up on her tiptoes. Hank tried to move away, but Janet grabbed him by the collar of his shirt, forced him to lean down and started whispering something, almost touching his ear with her lips. Steve tactfully looked away.
From the point of view of the Barrayaran captain, the Cetagandan with a habit of putting paint on his face had to have carry around a ton of cosmetics, including creams.
"I couldn't have made a mistake with the date, the age and rank are clearly pointing to it," muttered the ghem and frowned. Could he have made a mistake, estimating the age of people living such short lives? He couldn't have. Although...
"Here's the plan," Tony said, his voice much more confident and strong than half an hour before. "We're going into town, getting some money... do they have ATMs? I hope so, the city with a train station cannot not have ATMs. So, we get the money, buy some clothes and get back to New York. Doctor Banner?"
The tea was light, almost transparent, with a hint of jasmine and scopolamine. Steve, who was made allergic to all types of pentothal, appreciated the traditional choice of the drug by his host, as he swerved the tea in his cup and enjoyed the pleasant smell.
Bruce woke up when it already went dark. Steve didn't know if it was the fire cracking that woke him, or if he just had enough of sleep, but he heard a rustling sound and turned around.
They made ten steps or so away, and Steve pulled away from Tony's hands, looking at him with disapproval.
"I've two armors," said Tony, matter-of-factly, "the first one you saw, and the second is my whole body. Well, not the whole body, but it covers all of it. It's a bio-armor, a bacterial coating. My dad's best invention, all that. So. I was a remarkable child in all aspects, the only downside was that all the crap floating in the air made my skin hurt. So, Howard poured that shit all over me to stop me from screaming. For ten years, it protected me and destroyed everything alive that had the misfortune to get in my hands. That poor kitten, our neighbor still doesn't know... Joking."
It was impossible to properly see the ghem-lord's facial features under his official face paint, but to Steve he seemed young and not quite well versed in the art of seeming unreadable. For one, the bright strokes of paint especially noticeable on the grey background covering most of his face moved again and again, following the changes of his facial expressions. The pattern seemed intricate enough (a sign of the Consul's importance in the Empire), but Steve couldn't understand what exactly they were meant to be saying, other than the Consul's rank. He immediately decided to read something other than military manuals about Cetagandan face paint.
Tony stepped back and raised his eyebrow – either ironically, or condescendingly, Steve couldn’t quite tell. He decided not to pay it any attention.
He didn't have time to finish that last question, even in his thought: a shot of pain squeezed his chest, and Steve crawled, till he hit a tree with his back. Hulk stood next to him with a grim expression on his face.
"Yeah, animals for the research," Janet nodded. "Greenpeace is weeping. Okay, why should we stay here, while those two are having all the fun?" She grabbed Steve by the elbow. "Let's go take a walk."
His fingers got caught in the shirt's buttons, and he tried to stop them from shaking, but couldn't quite manage that. Only the doctors saw the reactor before, and Steve never thought he would be one day showing it to a civilian.
Steve rushed forward, letting out an array of small rockets that crushed arrows aimed at him, and flew over the roof that housed his adversary.
"A telepath?" Tony asked, incredulous. "Not that I doubt the haut-lady's talents, but that's..." Tony was about to say 'impossible', but then remembered the children downstairs. "That's highly unlikely."
The guy nodded at a counter and peered at him with curiosity. The newspapers on the counter were old, and all the magazines were erotic, probably intended for truck drivers. Steve looked away, took an atlas and went back.
That looked more like an excuse than straight answer, but Steve didn't remark on that. He put his legs down and started to button up his shirt, looking straight ahead.
"That's because Lion King hypnotizes Reed. It's the only way to get him out of the lab, and everybody knows this, other than Reed himself."
"Hmm," Stark frowned and asked, "what about the smell? Did the rest of the letters smell the usual way?"
"Who says I'm joking?" Tony answered, unperturbed. He took the case and turned towards the city. "Well?"
"You're prepared to show your face without the face paint?" Steve asked, intrigued. "One of your countrymen wrote that that would be equivalent to showing up naked to dinner."
Judging by his face, Tony craved an upcoming row, but Steve decided to shut it down before it started.
"I never unpack most of the stuff," Bruce explained, spreading a blanket on the ground so they would have something to sit on. "I move every two or three weeks, although I've spent about a month in the last place." He chuckled quietly. "Thought I finally found a place where nobody would care to look for me."
He was holding a tablet in one hand and a brown paper bag in another. Taking a step closer, Steve felt a sharp smell of spices.
"Well, don't start crying about him," Stark hummed, completely devoid of any sympathy. "The old man relied too much on brain transplants (which is disgusting, in my opinion), so he didn't really treat his body well and ruined it with all the bad habits he could think of. When he finally realized what he was doing, the prepared clone was dead. If he didn't drink, slept at least ten hours a day, and most importantly, didn't live on Jackson's Whole..."
Janet, however, called all the time, to Steve's surprise. Either she liked the fact that he never rejected her, or she just enjoyed making new friends, or there was something else going on that Steve didn't know about. Janet was showing him New York and dragging him to art shows, and if there was something wrong with their friendship, it was Janet's unwillingness to go to a baseball game. Then again, Steve could understand that.
Steve could say he was ready now, but something in Tony's eyes made him hold it back. Perhaps, he wasn't the only one who needed to be sure.
The train arrived late in the evening. The station was almost deserted; Steve found only a half-asleep guy who pointed him in the direction of the closest hotel. The ringing silence seemed almost deafening, and Steve spent a couple of moments in front the hotel’s doors and just listened before entering. In the room, he checked his things and he checked the entrances, as he always did, and only then he allowed himself to relax.
Tony was too good to think of something as inconsequential and inopportune. He smiled, leaning into Steve's gestures. He wasn't ashamed of a thing, the opposite, really. As Steve's kisses went lower, reaching Stark's hips, and he froze, looking at a smooth, completely hairless groin, Stark commented, his usual vitriol almost missing from his voice:
"No way," Stark shook his head, which made his grown hair get in his mouth and he spit them out. "If you don't recall, the Cetagandan Empire, meaning my mother, is still very interested in your body. And something tells me your own troops are not going to be too interested in morals and lawfulness of human experimentation when your story will catch the light of day. And it will, too many people know about it already."
He felt incredibly small next to Ben. Reed was taller than both of them, but he was also really thin, while Ben looked like a professional fighter or an athlete. He was also the first who, after Steve said he wanted to serve in the army again, honestly answered, 'sorry, man, but you look like you wouldn't be admitted even if there's no other choice'.
"Probably," agreed Steve, spreading the dizzyingly smelling cream along his cock. Every little touch made him want to scream, and he barely stopped himself from hurrying. "And I don't need those. I'm already very..."
"You are on vacation," categorically declared Howard, sitting down again. "You'll get the memo once you get back on the ship. And Steve is delivering dispatches, if I'm not mistaken? That's a waste of resources, but it's a good cover. What's your next stop?"
The second edition of 'Traditional ghem face paint for idiots and Barrayarans' turned out to be a smaller file, most of which was comprised of colorful schemes, drawings and photographs. There was not a lot of text, so Steve read it first, but quickly understood that trying to fathom it without the pictures was confusing.
The shock left Steve without words. All his military experience was telling him that a man whose hand turned into a bloody mess was supposed to thrash in agony or lose his conscience, not try to be witty.
"...pain," Steve finished for him, automatically, and almost bit his tongue. Tony's face went completely still, and Steve felt like he lost the rest of the adrenalin still coursing through his body. Silence, heavy and unpleasant, hung in the air, but Tony quickly got ahold of himself.
"Trying to make friends," Tony answered, matter-of-factly, "trying to make sure everything goes in the atmosphere of peace, love and the rest of that bullshit. Trying to make sure we both won't feel painfully embarrassed in the morning."
"Shut up," Janet interrupted. "No more talk about your insects, or your lab, or your experiments, or any of that nonsense. Do you hear me?"
"If you're going to live for more than a century, 'long' becomes relative," Stark brushed off her doubts. "Do you have coffee? Alright, doesn't matter. Back at home, people appreciate multilevel revenge that touches upon not only the object of it, but their friends and relatives as well. An ideal revenge would wipe a Constellation from the Empire's sky. It can be prepared for decades and carried out by several generations of the family. But your Count did no harm to my family, and was generally well received by the Celestial Emperor..."
"No," Steve's rough voice surprised himself. Tony raised his head, abruptly. "No life support. I'm asking you to kill me."
The most difficult thing was watching his words to not touch upon anything potentially traumatic. What could he talk about? The war?
"I left a phone in his backpack, my card and my number," he said. "The channel's encrypted, so he can call when he'll figure out he needs it. I hope he's not an idiot."
"Don't apologize," answered Bruce, softly, tearing his gaze away from the pictures. "We need to talk."
"Jarvis, make me a coffee," he grunted, raising his head and massaging his stiff neck. "This story is going to drive me crazy. None of the ends meet. Why I can't find anything about the Captain I'm interested in and everything about another one, including his wife's genealogy? This Rogers can't be older than thirty. I believe in 'Betan rejuvenation procedure' approximately as much as that the ancestors are looking upon me."
"It's like I have a multiple personality disorder," he said in a tired voice. "Who knows, maybe Hulk is from Yugoslavia. I've never thought to ask."
Tony rushed inside, and Steve gave Jarvis a guilty look. He didn't have any experience communicating with servants and had no idea, how he was supposed to act.
"Hey, I'm not here to fight," said Hawkeye. "Boss went crazy suddenly and decided you can help me. Air support, all that." He tilted his head sideways. "My partner's busy somewhere else, and to be honest, I'd prefer the pretty girl behind your back, but the boss insists..."
"Probably," agreed Steve, who felt somewhat guilty talking about a woman whose son he literally was lying on. "Give it here," he took Stark's haul away from him. It was really a jar of cream, dense and smelling like a whole bouquet of flowers. Steve even felt his nose tingling.
"It's fine," said the medic, clearly glad to have his internal conflict solved. "Based on the baseline measurements, at least. We couldn't perform any tests."
"Ethanol won't help in this," answered Steve. "That would be barbaric. Do you not have any cream or things like that?"
Steve didn't see Tony since they went together to Hank and Janet. A lot had happened in the month since then, not as much as would in the forties, of course, but still enough. Steve had his ID made, found a job, learned to navigate this world and stopped finding himself so often in stupid situations involving ATMs and subway. If you asked him, he thought he was managing everything quite well. Except for this nonsense with the phone, apparently.
"Maybe you just shouldn't be alone?" suggested Steve. "Maybe, you just need motivation? Somebody to be around so you'd have a reason to hold... the Hulk. Is that what you call him?"
Stark nodded and poured him more tea. Steve gathered his thoughts and almost decided on a question, when the most inconspicuous-looking person came behind their screen and started whispering something into Stark's ear. As far as Steve could see through the face paint, the man frowned and sent the servant, if it was indeed a servant, away with a wave of his hand.
"Nice," Tony smirked. He was looking even more pathetic from Steve's height: his hand was hanging like a rag, and Tony was visibly shaking. "I don't know about hide-and-seek, but we're definitely going to play chase."
Steve didn't wake him up. For some time, he was remembering the news coverage of ruined Sandy Valley and the pictures taken at the place, then gave up on it and just looked at the bright red coals of the fire and tried to listen to Bruce's breathing. His thoughts were all over the place. He remembered all of a sudden that he didn't call Tony, as he promised, and made a note to himself to find a phone at the nearest gas station.
Steve shook his head, adjusted his hoodey and went inside. At Reed's flat, when there were no people around, he dressed much lighter, but having to hide the reactor forced him to put on extra layers of fabric.
Tony snapped his fingers, and the wide display in front of him lit up, showing the lab. Steve saw himself on the screen – a tiny, thin figure, and the back of Tony half-lying on the desk.
"What the fuck is going on?" Tony grabbed his shoulder and pulled him back. "You can't come here, Rogers."
There was a tablet in front of him with a holographic model of the armor. He couldn't really see it well, because of all the light, but Tony was apparently undisturbed by that.
"Just do it quickly," answered Tony. "You never know when to stop talking, and I'm going to Pym afterwards. So many geniuses around you can go crazy."
"About the reactor," he muttered, "we shouldn't have any secrets from each other with the amount of work we're about to do. So, about the reactor, not all control secrets are this exposed and scaring the ladies... I'm sure it does that, the thing in your chest can only excite a crazy scientist." Tony blinked. "I'm talking nonsense."
"Because this is exactly what's waiting for us. No personal life. No privacy. Pain is nothing, you can live with it, but what about that personal space you kept lecturing me about?"
"It's okay, Jarvis. I know you didn't do anything, but... we'll have to prove it to them now. This is Commander Vorromanof, she's in charge of our unpleasant business. Could you remember how you ended up in the replicator bank and tell her?" Stark approached the couch and carefully sat down on the edge of it.
That captured Captain Rogers' attention. Eight out of ten times 'a consul of cultural affairs' meant 'high-ranking spy', and that, at least, promised some action that didn't involve redirecting reports or throwing sand in people's eyes. The last few weeks Steve awfully missed normal work; at this point, he would've appreciated courier’s duties, even something like...
A serious young medic led the four of them to the detained. He was gazing at Stark with curiosity and fear, and at the Commander – with eyes basically brimming with awe.
"I wouldn't have minded at all keeping enjoying this like a lazy sod, but I'm afraid you'll think I'm egotistical," said Tony in a few minutes.
"You know, judging by the map, the Embassy should be somewhere in this district," he hurried to change the topic. "Let me drop the dispatch, and then we can go take a look at that garden? It's interesting. And it matches your face-paint."
"There's at least one advantage about this being connected situation," he said, his voice calm. "I can make you orgasm without even touching you."
"Makes sense," the Cetagandan nodded. "But wouldn't it be easier to just ask me about everything you wanted to know during that banquet? I didn't think I made an impression of someone who holds back..."
It was far quieter behind the curtain, which proved it to be specially made: no real fabric would be this soundproof. It was also more worrying. Despite his vast experience, Steve never had a chance to stay alone with a Cetagandan consul, especially such this interested, that was practically eating him with his gaze.
He shopped at a record speed and went back twenty minutes later, carrying a heavy bag. The first person he saw was Bruce Banner, who looked even worse than Tony. Steve put the bag down, and Tony immediately took a bottle of water and didn't stop gulping it until the water was almost gone. The rest he poured on his injured hand.
Steve reluctantly looked at the TV: the news was talking about a damaged gas pipeline in Sandy Valley. The footage showed grey wreckage of a crumbled building and reporters trying to take an interview from a shocked man.
To distract himself, Steve laid down and took his mobile. The screen showed a notification for a new message, and Steve blinked in confusion.
Steve woke up at five in the morning from a nightmare. He dreamed he was drowning, and the water was getting into an open wound on his chest.
"Steve. Get to the Imperial Security head-quarters. I'll meet you at the right entrance. It's urgent."
"My mistress is an haut-lady, even if she lost her status. She cannot use prose; it's too mundane for her."
"Great," Howard beamed at them. "Then go bring Jarvis here, I missed him. And stay for a bit, the message would be long and detailed. By the way, you came here clearly having no idea whose house it was, so what did you want?"
Steve didn't immediately understand Barton meant Tony by that, and then he did, Steve barely kept himself from making a noise. He thought back on how it must've looked to everyone: Tony Stark disappears, the armor starts independent investigation. No wonder everybody took him for some kind of bodyguard: nobody knew for sure who was behind the mask, and Tony always was vague on the topic. Steve watched a couple of interviews he gave about it.
She couldn't finish, but Steve understood anyway, by the way she was trying not to look around and notice dark red spots on the walls.
"That's why he's quiet," Steve nodded, "he's not dumb enough to go around with a banner 'I have a plan to set up two Empires against each other'."
"If I remember correctly, it's 'Traditional ghem face paint for idiots and Barrayarans, second edition, revised and brought to perfection'," Steve sighed. "The author's someone named Hen Rau. He's Cetagandan, of course."
He started the pickup, raising a cloud of yellow dust, and crossed a field with the car rumbling loudly. They were driving for ten minutes, before a narrow overgrown track appeared in front of the car, and Banner slowed down a bit. The rumbling, however, didn’t get any quieter. Steve thought about Tony again, how he would get a seizure if he'd ever end up in this car. Tony couldn't tolerate people not looking after their tech properly.
"Hello, beauty," he said. "You're looking wonderful this sunny day, why are you staying inside?" His voice seemed to Steve much warmer now. "Don't answer that, though, don't break my heart."
"It's not that easy to be a hero," said Tony. "It's even harder to do something for others, disregarding your own needs. I think if I've started saving people – don't think I haven't tried – I would be deceiving them and myself. What kind of hero would I be?"
"The head with other parts of his body are out of my reach. I'll provide the blanket and the tea," Jarvis nodded, with dignity, and, clearly considering his mission of extracting Tony from the shower complete, disappeared.
Tony didn't call anymore, and that was unsettling. Sometimes Steve found himself waiting for it, or for another break-in. He was charging his phone regularly since that last meeting. But time passed, and Tony wasn't there, and Steve accepted it, like he accepted being stuck in a new world and time – that is, painfully and incompletely.
From behind the door, they could hear a sigh and retreating steps. It seemed, Jarvis came for new instructions and instead got something entirely different.
"What do you mean? We're going to Athos, of course. That's probably the only world where we'll look like an ordinary couple, among dozens like this," Tony laughed.
Steve ended up in the world that had particles that could miniaturize a person to a size of an ant; that had an eccentric guy who made an amazing suit of armor just because he got bored. It had a time machine, and internet, and newspapers on esotericism. And yet, Steve found it easier to believe Bruce was suffering from some kind of personality disorder than that he was sharing his mind with a deadly beast.
"That's where you should've hidden for at least a dozen of years," Tony sighed, wistfully. "But you'll die from boredom, there's nothing really to do, there. Alright, Escobar it is."
"I think we can look for it in the engine room," said the ba, after some thinking. "Why would we have it, though? And why do you need it?"
Steve was just about to take the stairs, so he wouldn't take space in the small elevator cabin, but before he could leave, Reed grabbed him by the shoulder. It was an unexpected move for someone who did his best to avoid touching people.
"Actually, back then, all the children on Barrayar were born the natural way," reminded him Steve. "Now we have replicator banks everywhere, of course, like the one that Jarvis was unlucky to find himself in, but even now, the higher percentage of children are still born naturally."
Then, Steve noticed that he was sitting practically naked – if you disregard the long skin-tight underwear he wore under his jumpsuit that was called under-armor, for some bizarre reason – next to the ghem-lord who was covered up to his ears, and, excusing himself, he reached for a spare jumpsuit.
"It's a tradition," Stark shrugged. "Personal invitations are written by hand and delivered in their original state, no photographing, scanning or sending via comm."
Then again, he also could've tested the serum, became a monster and died without accomplishing anything.
Steve moved, with caution, but his body responded eagerly; he twitched his fingers, stretched till something in his back snapped. The pain was gone, only his muscles felt stiff, as if he spent too much time in one position. Steve stood up, tried to bend down and almost fell: his head was still spinning a bit. He stood still for a few minutes, and then strode to the shower, kicking off his shoes as he went.
"Yeah, I..." Tony shook his head, breaking through the stupor, and quickly shortened the distance between them. His eyes were burning with unnatural delight and shock. "Fuck, this must be on hormone level, right? But who's copying who? I couldn't even imagine... Pym will go green with jealousy."
"Cold fusion reactor," announced Howard, with barely hidden pride in his voice. "Theoretically, it's impossible, but practically, here it is."
A thought that Hank could've just been crushed in the ruckus crossed both their minds and hung in the air – heavy, almost tangible. Steve didn't want to ask that aloud, and Tony wasn't going to mention it, apparently.
Steve nodded. The ship registered at Rho Ceta, indeed, was the Empire's territory, and Steve was prepared to act accordingly, with caution and diplomacy.
Steve came back to himself when Tony, exhausted, leaned on his shoulder. He froze, listening for the man's breathing, but Tony recoiled almost immediately.
Steve didn't. He didn't have a chance to learn much about S.H.I.E.L.D., he figured it was some sort of government organization, and probably classified. He also wasn't sure about Tony's dealings with the government. Him mentioning rare cooperation didn't paint the whole picture, and Steve sharply felt, again, a rift between his knowledge and the real world. But the archer was certain he was speaking to Iron Man, and Steve could use that.
Tony adjusted something in the wheelchair's controls and moved forward, leaving behind the car, Happy and Ben, who said that he's living with Reed, and so Pym is holding a grudge against him as well. Besides, white walls made him sick.
'Right now' transformed into 'ten minutes ago', and Steve hung up to start getting ready with a speed breaking all military regulations.
"Not quite." Running away under the pretense of having something urgent to do seemed rather stupid, and Steve sat down, waiting till the coffee machine finished working. "The opposite, if you think about it. I'm taking a part in the... experiment."
"The only thing that matters is, I'm right." Solomon took out a hand-rolled cigarette and gave Steve an amused look. "I can show you a quick way to learn the essence of the world, but you're going to refuse, and I won't insist, because I want people who come to the shop to see at least one sane person."
Steve would've probably kept standing with his hand in the air, if Hulk didn't rip a tree out of the ground, right to its roots, with one smooth movement. Hulk threw it down and sat on it, crossing his hands across his chest.
"I hoped you'd like to go see a movie," said Ben, disappointed, sipping his coffee. "I hate museums. Do you know what 3D is?"
"I'll be free in an hour," answered Steve, after looking at the clock in the right corner of the laptop screen. "Why?" he was pressing the phone to his ear by his shoulder, and trying to type something into a web browser, but the phone call interrupted his thoughts and he couldn’t remember what it was anymore.
"It's a great choice. I'm afraid I don't know as much about sorts of green tea, as you do. Can you tell me its name? I'd like to order it for myself," Steve gave him a sweet smile, not betraying his anger for finding a drug that could be used as a sort of truth serum in it. On second thought, he wasn't even all that angry – he would probably do the same thing in Stark's position.
"I don't think we will, actually. Natasha and Clint will find the criminals quickly, especially if we're going to help them from here," objected Steve.
The Cetagandan disappeared into thin air again, leaving Steve with his drugged tea and unanswered questions.
Steve loved sun. He loved getting up early, going for a run, watching the sun rise, but he was ready to admit it wasn't the most popular opinion to have.
Bruce didn't answer. Sometime later Steve felt himself being paralyzed by his tiredness, making him half-asleep. He was listening to the fire creaking and Bruce's breath, and apparently, counting stars. Reed and Ben were somewhere up there, on the planet's orbit, their rocket should've already left. During the last phone call, Reed promised to contact him and show him cosmos through a camera.
Tony put the cup down with a thud and gave him a grim look. The change of mood was so sudden Steve had no time to adjust.
Bruce laughed, briefly. He took the gun, carefully and almost with fear, as if Steve was asking him to touch a wild animal.
For a moment, listening to those dry, distant words, Steve almost believed Bruce was right. He shouldn't have come, shouldn't have looked for this truth. Steve expected to hear anything – that Steve Rogers never existed, that the project was closed, that Erskin was killed and nobody came up with an idea for the armor, anything. The understanding that he wasn't the Steve Rogers who went mad and killed all those people didn't really help. What'd happen to him if Erskin wasn't killed? Would he also become a monster?
In the corner of his eye, Steve noticed Bruce's hand shaking. The barrel of the gun was jumping back and forth, and Bruce's breath was coming quicker. Steve did the only thing his gut was telling him to do – he stood in the line of fire, covering Bruce with his back.
"I do like them," Steve answered, trying to be consistent and precise, which he did every time he didn't feel confident. "Steve Rogers. Yes."
Steve read the letter a couple of times. Not that it was particularly informative, Johnny's manner of writing wasn't that far off from the way he talked, but after the third attempt, all the leftover anxiety from the nightmare was gone. In hindsight, this was kind of funny.
He was talking about the pictures, the funny stuff that happened, recalled some war stories, even talked about his animosity to mobile phones. He didn't know how much time had passed, but Bruce never made a sound.
"Are you busy next week?" asked Tony. Before Steve could say anything, though, he spoke again, "I'll call. A week should be enough for the arm to heal completely."
"My father," said Tony, quietly, abandoning his attempts to get free, "whether he's dead or alive, left me healthy, self-sufficient, prosperous and taking part in something important, and not a sickly little guy that nobody needs, only suited for experimentation on Jackson's Whole, that his own Empire didn't care for until his shoulders got so wide he stopped fitting into doors. Ghem-lords do care about their families, one way or another. And if you want to keep this lovely discussion of who's the bigger freak, by all means, I won't hesitate to hit you where it hurts. But let's not. The worst thing we can do when stuck in a confined space is make a mortal enemy out of each other. Now let me go."
From where he was standing, Steve saw that the box was lined with soft black material inside, like the one used for eyeglass cases. There were two flasks there - one with some clear liquid and another with deep-red one.
"I... just had this thought, what if you weren't sleeping?" Tony shrugged. "I wasn't, and I'm kind of used to people adjusting to my schedule. That was a bad thought."
Tony tensed, his face, quite lovely and classically beautiful, turned sharp. The change was fast and noticeable - even his eye color somehow seemed cold and spiky instead of the usual warm blue. Ben noticed it, too, and stopped talking.
Tony sniffed the tea again, unconvinced, muttered something about berry bugs and canaries, for some reason, but did risk taking a sip.
Suddenly, a flash of lightning brightened up the room. Steve frowned: Reed was wearing pajama pants, but he also had a screwdriver behind his ear. Although, Steve shouldn’t have been surprised: Reed never went anywhere without his tools.
"Great. Wait for me, then." There was a sound of something clicking. "Shit. Pepper – you definitely need to meet Pepper – is showing me off to all these rich guys like a circus monkey. I hate this." Then, he repeated again, "I'm coming back in three days, Steve. Wait for me."
"You can't go back to the Heavenly Garden," Tony sipped his tea and hummed in appreciation. The ba, sitting quietly in the corner, felt itself slightly relaxing. "That's just not possible. Or at least, it wasn't. My mother decided that, since ghem-lords who crawled out of their skin to be useful to the Empire get rewarded with the haut wives, by being as useful, she can reclaim her status and her place there."
Ben was evidently going to answer for him, but Steve put a hand on his shoulder to stop him from talking and got up from his chair.
"And what did you find so interesting under that sock?" asked Steve, hoarsely, admitting his defeat. He couldn't very well demand it was an accident, the 'sock' really didn't hide anything. "Did you forget I'm a Barrayaran and a man? Relations like this are frowned upon in our culture. You should be aware of this, being a consul."
The signpost had a big list of metal fastened to it with a lopsided script: 'The next gas station is in 200 miles.' Steve hummed, grabbed the canister more securely and quickly went to the cashier.
"A madman. A maniac. The next villain defeated by the Iron Man." Strangely, Tony let out a smile. "There's a lot of options, and I've a good imagination. The question is, how do you want the media to call you? Daily Bugle loves coming up with telling names."
Banner jumped from his place in a sudden twitching move and went to the cloth (Steve couldn't quite call it a curtain) that closed the window.
The sky was turning a greenish blue in the east, and he couldn't see the stars anymore. He shamefully fell asleep, but woke up right at dawn, as was his habit, or even a bit earlier – the sun wasn't rising yet.
Steve frowned, uncomprehending. Stark’s reaction was surprising, and he didn't quite want to know why precisely the man was so excited.
"A valuable contribution, Doctor Richards, what would we do without you," Tony Stark quipped back. "So, how was it?" he asked, voice full of sympathy. "Was it hard not to tell me all this time? That's alright, we fixed it."
Steve carefully put all the dishes in the sink and turned on the water. Physical work like that calmed him and made it easier to think. Then again, there wasn't much to think about in this situation. Steve belatedly realized the whole thing would've probably been easier if he and Tony didn't know each other.
"What do you mean, why? I stole them from Jackson's Whole," confessed the elder Stark. "And this isn't the first pack of them, the first one grew up and opened their orphanages, two on Escobar, one on Beta, and others someplace else..."
"It's a reactor," Steve explained. He folded his hands on his lap, feeling positively ridiculous. "Yeah, it's a control center and a power source. I... I gave mental orders to the armor, and it listened to me."
Tony wanted to prove him wrong. The screen took up the whole wall. Tony pressed some buttons, shoved special glasses at Steve and fell on the sofa next to him.
Working in an art shop helped with his adaptation more so, than walking with Ben ever did – that is, when Ben still had time to walk with him. Having to talk to with the clients and interact with the outside world forced Steve out of his cocoon. Not completely, of course, but the work made him feel useful, and that was more important than anything.
"I'm not going anywhere," answered Steve, almost angry. He got on his knees next to Bruce and tried to touch the man's shoulder, but Bruce recoiled with a hiss. "You need help."
They looked at each other in silence, Tony's gaze considerate and attentive, Steve's irrationally bashful. He wanted to reach for his discarded clothes, but couldn't stop looking at Tony.
Steve was distracted just for a second, but it was long enough for Doctor Faustus, who took out the knife from his cane and pushed it into Tony's hand. They screamed at the same time, Tony pulling his hand away, and Steve pressing his to his chest.
"I went to that charity thing and to the meeting with the board of directors," he said, indignant. "What more do you want?"
They came to the lab, and Janet froze, and then let Steve go and rushed forward, immediately getting caught by a guy in a lab coat.
"That's to be expected. I told you, my mother tried to make me look as much like him, as she could. But you knew my father. So I was digging in the right direction."
Hawkeye raised his glasses, like a gentleman would do with a top hat, and bowed mockingly. He was very young, with disheveled blond hair and bright blue eyes. Clint Barton, as Steve remembered, didn't look at all like a mercenary and a killer. He looked like someone you wanted to trust.
Next time he came to himself the first thing he felt was pain – in his wrists, in his chest, in his temples and all along his spine. Steve let out a stifled breath and coughed, the sound of his own voice making bright flashes appear before his eyes, as if all his senses were scrambled.
"You're quite right. And please, excuse my colleague, he didn't mean to offend. It's just, we're quite used to seeing specific hair styles on ghem-lords."
"Whatever you think of my behavior, I clearly stated my intentions in the invitations," said Stark, calmly. He clearly was of an opinion that everything his ears caught was intended for him. "If my guests' behavior went beyond the pre-considered boundaries, it was of their will. By the way, Captain... You've never accepted – or even answered – any of my invitations. Do you find me so unpleasant?"
"I knew people who didn't like being touched," said Steve. "They punched you in the face, not flinched away." He raised his eyes from his plate. "So, what's the problem?"
Steve gave Natasha another questioning look. She was, after all, in charge. She answered with a look of her own, confused, but not angry, and handed the consul a pack of wet wipes.
"I'm not a lady," answered Steve, and then asked all of a sudden, surprising himself, "does Tony invite a lot of people?"
Steve couldn't answer, for obvious reasons, and couldn't even think what possible options for saying something sarcastic were there. He took Stark by his hips and took his cock deeper into his mouth, trying various things, then raised his head and said:
Janet was calm now, sitting with her hands squeezed in her lap and looking in front of her. She was pale, and her makeup smeared on her cheeks, her eyes were red, but at least she wasn't crying and screaming anymore.
"So," Tony kept talking, "he's also offering my help. And, I think, Richards' and Pym's, the latter won't miss such a chance. How's that for company?"
"Steve," Tony stepped in front of the armor and shook him again, grabbing his shoulders, this time with much more force behind it. "Let it go. Let it go so we can figure it out."
As far as Steve understood it, there was no explosion, it was either a lie, or incorrectly interpreted information. The room was trashed by someone furious and inhumanely strong, by someone who could break an oak table and knock out plastic windows.
"It's disgusting, having idiots working for you," shared Tony, as a greeting, "you have to take care of everything yourself all the time."
Now, all hope that Tony was okay was gone. Even if this was all a stupid misunderstanding, Steve was prepared to hear the man berate him for ages, but he couldn't stand still knowing this was happening to him.
"I," Hank hesitated. "No. I remember being angry and I remember pouring the solution over me, but then I woke up in the chaos already."
Bruce was sleeping, curled into a ball under his blanket, only the strains of dark hair poking out of it and a tall pale forehead. In his sleep, Bruce seemed even more vulnerable. Steve didn't want to wake him, but his body, stiff after his sleep, demanded moving. As soon as he did that, though, Bruce opened his eyes.
Steve still thought about what happened, sometimes; wondered, if he'd ever have a chance to learn what happened in his world. Who won in the war? Who wore the armor in his place? What happened to Faustus?
Steve went around the second armchair and sat down. It was so big and soft, that at first Steve almost drowned in it, so when Tony came back, he was perched on its edge, trying to look as comfortable as he possibly could despite not feeling like it at all.
Tony gave him a puzzled look, perched himself on the edge of a seat and started rocking on its legs. From the resulting squeaky noise, Steve’s headache just got worse.
"No!" Rogers protested. "I'm not Cetagandan! I'm sorry, Clint, I can't tell you. Just believe me, not all secrets on Barrayar have to do with disguised heirs of the imperial dynasty. Or anyone's heirs."
"Oh," Tony gave him a crooked grin. "That's kind of my wheelchair. Upgraded, with cool functions like flight."
"Who is that he?" asked Tony, but the boy only snorted, thinking he was being joked with. How can anybody not know whose house that was?
"They already know my address," Bruce explained. "I don't know why they didn't come earlier, but the sooner I leave the better."
"I should stop talking to people when I'm tired," said Tony in a lost voice. "Who knows what else I'll manage to say." He drummed his fingers on the table. "The truth is that's how I got raised. ‘Don't touch anything, Tony, be careful with people, Tony, they're so fragile’."
"You constantly mess with the armor, adjusting it, making it better," Steve pressed his knees to the corner of the bed and pursed his lips, "but you almost never use it. You could've been a hero, you could be saving people, you've all the opportunities for it, but you only help the military from time to time. Yet you still offered this opportunity to me, and gave me the armor, so you must've considered the possibility."
He was exhausted, not because of the danger, but the way he usually got after controlling the armor for too long. He felt nauseous again. Tony still looked like a man with a broken and mangled hand - there were visible drops of sweat on his forehead, and his lip was twitching, as if he was trying to stop his face from making a grimace of pain. He was also slightly moving the fingers of his right healthy hand.
Steve didn't hear what he was going to say. He put his hands parallel to the earth and flew up, making Hawkeye sway back from the force of it. Just in a few moments, the roof was far behind him. It somewhat surprised Steve that there were no arrows flying after him, but he figured it was for the best.
"War stories?" Janet asked, suddenly. She threw her head back and was looking at Steve upside down. "Tony said that. Are you really a soldier?"
"Barton is a circus monkey who shoots arrows from a bow. Of course, he's fine working for S.H.I.E.L.D. But you?"
The old traditional room Steve found himself in looked like it belonged in the last century, just like him. There was even a fireplace. Tony already took off his jacket and threw it on the back of a chair that he was now occupying.
Steve expected to see Tony, but as he opened the door, still not completely awake, he only saw a courier.
"It’s likely I won’t understand a thing," finished Steve, already in the hall staring at the closed door. "Great."
Steve flinched, surprised, the power of the repulsors grew without his command, and he raised a few feet in the air. At his indignant 'hey!' Tony just laughed.
It felt weird, Steve only now realized how helpless he'd been, and that should've been strange for a guy who used to be connected to a deadly suit of armor.
The city was flowing behind, and Steve could name every street he was flying by and even every person in the buildings he passed – the armor provided the information the moment he thought about it. Steve froze in the air above the car accident side – the place was glowing red on his map – and gave it a worried look.
Instead of answering, Tony sipped his drink. Steve was always bad at reading face expressions and couldn't understand, what he was thinking. Despite the recent excitement, Tony's face was now inscrutable.
"Secondly," Doctor Faustus continued, undisturbed, "this was not my plan. I'm not Schmidt, or Zemo," Steve bit his lip, hearing familiar names; "I'm not obsessed with acquiring power. I don't need to bring Earth to its knees, you must agree, the idea seems quite stupid."
The noise was getting louder, but Steve was only aware of it because of the vibration in his legs. The blood was rushing in his ears, and everything swam in front of his eyes. The mere possibility of choice was driving him crazy, as if he was falling into abyss.
"Do you know Reed Richards?" he asked, taking the backpack from his shoulder. "He's a scientist, maybe you've heard of him."
"Most certainly not," Steve brushed him off. "My eyes are blue, they all have grey eyes, you know that."
"Hank almost came back to himself," the armor's sound system made it seem like she was standing just behind his back. "You need to hear what he's saying."
"That's outside the city," she explained. "There's an old mining town there, it's half-dead, though. The mine went bankrupt and all the people moved, just old folk and gold-diggers there now. You want another toast?"
Howard suggested they stay, since there were more rooms than inhabitants in the house, at least for now, and walking around the city at night, no matter how peaceful it seemed, wasn't a good idea.
"But you..." Steve leaned down and kissed the twisted lips of the displeased Cetagandan. He didn't even know what he was trying to do – comfort him? Make things easier? Nothing was getting any easier for himself, Stark was hot and smooth, he wanted to push all the way in...
It was already dark when Steve got back to the mansion. Jarvis met him at the door with a flower pot under his arm.
"Howard trained me not to ever touch anything or anyone. Then, of course, he fixed some things, I tinkered with it, too, so nobody's getting hurt anymore, if they touch me. But the habit's still there."
Another week passed before Steve finally called Tony, after catching a glimpse of him in the news. On the screen, he was sitting next to a read-haired girl on some charity gala. The camera got a lucky shot of him smiling.
"Good job," he commented, looking at his bandaged hand. "You ever wanted to be a doctor? Oh, right," Tony gave him a crooked grin. "I remember. An artist, right?"
"We're going for a walk," he said. He couldn't look at Tony. His gaze, against his will, went to plaid covered legs, and that was certainly impolite, so instead Steve looked at some place between Tony's wheelchair and Reed's hand.
Steve barely had enough time to catch him. Tony put his hand on his shoulder. The link between them was going both ways now, and Steve felt how weak he was. He pushed Tony to another chair, the one facing Faustus' table, and gave him a worried look.
"Maybe, it didn't buy the... potential weapon, but received it from the mastermind of the crime," Natasha suggested, not willing to give up the idea.
He was speaking quietly - probably hoping Janet wouldn't hear him, - but he didn't quite succeed at that.
"Actually, he can be," the ba informed him, calmly. "He wouldn't necessarily have to withstand physical deterioration through all his life."
The car was parked next to a hill behind the village. It was a small pickup truck; Tony would probably name the model just from a glance. Somebody threw some branches and leaves on it, but the camouflage looked desperately insufficient, considering the car was purple. Steve even wondered why nobody stole it.
He looked tired, and Steve had an unpleasant thought that he probably ruined some of the man’s plans. Ben didn't really need to follow and take care of him. Steve was a burden. It was probably time he did something about that.
"Oh no, how could you think that, she's an haut-lady," Vorbarton made a long face. "But she was very busy. In fact, as it turns out, she didn't wait to be given to a nosy ghem-lord, she was pushing for it."
"I think if one of us is going to mind that, it likely will be you," Tony smiled and moved even further. "And I'm not really ill, just shock, stress and anger decided to take their toll on me all at once. It'll pass."
"He should've come in," said Janet, somewhat disappointed. "Hank was looking for someone to pick a fight with about Reed."
"This is Hank Pym," Tony announced. "A genius, a boring person, and an insectophile. Do you know, what that means, Steve? I hope not."
If he dropped the excuses, though, and was honest with himself, Steve just liked the protection the dusty gun offered him and the way it reminded him of the war.
"Tony's going to Pym," said Reed. "Hank Pym, he's a scientist," he explained quickly, "he does remarkable things, I've heard of his latest inventions, and I just thought... could you come with Tony?"
"Security. Or did you think I'd leave you by yourself for sixteen hours?" Tony snorted. "Wanna eat?"
"Yes?" said Stark, his demeanor and voice completely unperturbed. "Sorry, couldn't resist. I told you that this sock you dressed in accentuates everything very nicely and doesn't hide a thing."
"Faustus is gathering everyone in his Manhattan office," said Barton. "If he's planning on taking over the world, this is just funny. You know, talking about world domination with a view on Central park."
Tony clearly didn’t believe what he was saying, but Steve laughed anyway, at least, it broke up the tension in the air. There was no reason to stall any longer, though, and Tony, apparently, understood that, too. He stood up.
Steve didn't find it funny, but he nodded anyway. His and Barton's senses of humor were vastly different, but he figured he and Tony would probably get along.
They fell silent. Steve looked at Tony, trying to understand if he was joking, but the man's face was expressionless. He raised his eyebrow and smirked.
This place hadn't seen rain for a while; the dry land was creaking under their boots. It already got dark. The sky seemed heavy and black, like a lid with holes in place of stars. Feeling the sky so low made it harder to breathe. Steve hurriedly lowered his eyes and focused on the fire.
"But at least it's interesting. Mom probably got involved in all of this for the same reasons." Stark made another huge yawn and closed his eyes.
The chair was still in the corner of the lab. Apparently, Tony didn't have the time to disassemble it, only to put it aside. The lamps and the monitors were all there as well, lost among the rest of the equipment. Steve noticed them only because he was looking.
'Here it is again!' thought Stark, but didn't start bickering with the ba, just nodded and continued the calculations. Following the principle 'can't hide it – put it on display', he decided not to dim the second moon, after all. So, the night in question, the guests of the embassy froze next to the windows, admiring the beauty and splendor of the autumn sky. Both moons shined so bright, as if the hares supposedly inhabiting them stopped whatever they were doing before and rubbed the surfaces of the moons until they shone like precious metals. The stars, that shouldn't have seemed so bright against the scattered night lights, glittered like hot metal spikes pinned to the dark blue velvet of the night.
"No, don't argue. We will be gone for a really long damn time, and this is the least I can do. Fact."
"And now you probably know about this meeting more, than I do," he hummed and rolled aside, leaning his head on his hand. "Maybe, you should go, then?"
"When why wasn't it an officer protecting peace and order of a replicator bank that has, if I'm not mistaken, a word Imperial in its name? One would think that means 'terribly important’. And you put there a lonely guy with a paralyzing gun!" insidiously asked the ghem-lord, only confirming Steve's statement that he only listened to the most unpleasant of your words and had a habit of pushing you nose-first into it.
"Welcome to the Cetagandan Empire," said Stark, half-serious, once they passed the airlock and appeared inside the ship. "Watch your head."
"And he's not the only one," said Tony. He stood to the left of Steve and waved the tickets in the air. "I had to buy all the tickets around our sits. I hate people crowding me. I'd buy the whole train, but then we'd have to wait a whole day here."
"I know a few Russians," Tony choked on a laugh. "If they're all that way, I really should go to bed. Here," he said, before Steve could interject, "I sleep here. You can wander around the mansion, talk to Jarvis, if you find him. He's a bit mad at me, so he's staying away."
"You do understand we're talking about me, right?" clarified Steve, starting to feel uneasy. He was on a Cetagandan ship that could, technically, drop him on Eta Ceta, for a successful completion of the haut-lady's and her son's plan. "I'm not really a fan of either option."
He raised his hand again and slowly, in a flowing move, put his hand on the round border of the reactor, the tips of his fingertips touching Steve's skin. It was exhilarating. Steve lowered his gaze, following Tony's every move: how he pressed the reactor lightly, drew something with his thumb, immediately, without even looking, starting to type something on the tablet. Steve noticed that he moved too close only when he felt the man's breath with his skin.
"Just remember, you're not alone," Steve whispered. "You're armed, and I'm here, too. We'll figure something out, together."
Shrugging wasn't easy lying down, and Steve squirmed, trying to raise himself, but Tony softly pushed him down onto bed.
Ghem-colonel Stark also spent his evening busy as a bee. His mother's most trusted ba ran itself ragged bringing new documents from the Embassy's library and running all the other errands Stark came up with.
"All you need to know," said Steve instead, "you already know," he dragged his finger along the barrel and touched the trigger, "you aim, you press the trigger, the shot gets fired. That's it."
Steve had plenty of time to enjoy the silence, and then get bored again. Judging by lack of crazy activity from the Consul, he found quite satisfying the fake 'true' dossier, the supposedly shameful past of the elder Rogers, the problems it caused his son and their happy resolution and lost all interest in the captain. The cCaptain himself couldn't say the same, but his interest migrated from the Consul to all his countrymen, so he quite profoundly confused the librarians, starting to order documents that went out of free access due to never being needed on everything that had to do with Cetagandan Empire. The author of most of them was the same curious person Henn Rau, and seeing as the first was signed Captain Rau, and the last – Colonel Rau, the Cetagandan wasn't known only for his literary ambitions.
"Thanks," Tony muttered. "Don't worry, you'll have to put the bones back in their places. Have you ever seen an open fracture? Of course, you did. You've been to war." His words were getting muddled, but it probably helped him feel better, so Steve kept listening carefully. "You've probably seen worse things. Limbs torn apart, heads? Had to piece people back together? You were a captain, so you must’ve had soldiers under your command."
An haut-lady? Well, that explained careful attention to the hair. Members of haut Cetagandan aristocracy never cut their hair, and it was the main and integral part of their style. So, the mother of the colonel married a ghem-lord, while losing most of her own social standing. She even gave birth to- well, constructed a ghem son.
Then, it dawned on him that he just casually started commanding other person's servant, and he looked at Stark, expecting him to be angry. But he saw nothing like that. Jarvis, too, didn't express any protest, apparently, Barrayar's usual 'stand there and do what I say' style of commanding was working like a charm.
His voice, whispering and enchanting, promised things, flown like a melody, and Steve had to squeeze his hurting hand to clear his head.
"Doesn't matter. What's important is that you're okay, and that you didn't do anything wrong with the replicators. I don't think they seriously expected you to, I'm guessing the point was to get me arrested, and still..." Stark snorted.
The city was waking up. Any other day Steve would love to watch New York come alive – there was something mesmerizing about the sight, especially from above. Cars filled the roads, people milled about like ants. Buildings flew past him, looking like they were molded from whole glass, but all Steve could think about inevitably brought him back to Tony. He was still hopelessly trying to connect and to feel another man's pulse under his throat, only calming down when he felt the distant familiar feeling. Mostly, he was deceiving himself and hated himself for it.
Steve reluctantly let his cock out of his mouth and hovered over him, hoping Tony wasn't afraid. Based on the way he looked, though, Tony wasn't that easily scared. The fact that he started taking of his under armor, quite skillfully at that, hinted at his fearlessness.
"Oh," the voice on another end of the line sounded amused. "You turned it on, figures. I've suspected you'd shoot the box still in courier’s hands, and only then look at what's in it, so I sent a prototype."
"I found the info on doctor Banner the next morning after our call," said Tony. "But your phone was already disconnected."
"Coffee?" he offered, without looking up. "Jarvis's still sleeping, but there's probably something in the fridge."
"No, I'm a sniper. Your personal sniper, to be precise. And, in case you’re wondering, this baby will pierce even your titanium skin."
They went their separate ways, after hardly exchanging a few words. Tony's voice sounded unsure and lost, Tony himself looked like somebody just hit him over the head. As for Steve, he was completely exhausted, strangely paralyzed and deafened. He read about sensory deprivation some time ago, and he thought that was what it probably felt like.
"Are you going to tell me you also collect newspaper clips where they mistook you for an alien?" asked Steve. He tried to land gently, but miscalculated something and dropped heavily, hitting the ground with his metal boots.
"I think I understand," Stark nodded after a moment's consideration. "Something tells me I shouldn't ask any further questions about that."
"Nobody comes here," Banner explained. "People avoid devastated cities; it ruins their perfect picture of the world. Also," he added, brushing away the leaves, "there're no roads here. You can only find it if you know where to look."
"Of course. It's called Yu Ju. I'm afraid, it's not well suited to autumn ceremonies, but it's just too good."
He was giving him worried looks, and only then Steve noticed his head was in Tony's lap. They took off parts of the armor from him: the plates on his chest, his face and his hands were gone, but Steve could still feel the parts of the armor on his back.
"And my mother knew, of course, all this time. And she didn't tell me. She didn't even hint at it," said Tony, slowly. It was impossible to tell, what he was feeling more: admiration or resentment.
"That's fair," Steve nodded, losing his worry about external influence and gaining some more of that rush of desire, which he went to demonstrate, being neither idiot, nor a virgin.
He stopped for a moment next to the stairwell leading down from the roof and looked back. He could see the bright blue sky from here, crossed by a couple of tall buildings. The air smelt of mown grass, of dust and metal - those were smells of peaceful life, and in that moment, more than ever before, Steve felt alien to this world. He moved his shoulders, trying to shake off that unpleasant feeling, and started climbing down the stairs.
"What's the point?" asked Steve. "In our world, people like you start conversations with a bullet to the head."
The thought that maybe this Pepper Steve hadn't had a chance to meet yet just didn't want to go on a date, apparently, didn't occur to Happy. Of course, Steve didn't have enough information to offer any advice. During the short trip, however, he learned a lot more, including Pepper's favorite color, the book she carried everywhere and her ability to hold two phone conversations at once, not that Steve asked, but Happy, despite his menacing looks, turned out to be surprisingly friendly.
Instead, Hulk hugged Steve with both hands and jumped. The bullets were ricocheting somewhere, and the rocket whizzed by, raising the ground and throwing up the grass. Then, Steve closed his eyes, because the earth turning around him made his head spin.
"It's hard to be a ghem," he muttered and started reading again, more attentively this time, glancing at pictures at all the appropriate times and studying them with all seriousness. Well, it was actually quite useful: he managed to learn, for example, that clan colors of the new consul were suggesting inhuman strength and striving for perfection, and the pattern – outstanding propensity for attracting attention.
"I'll call you." Steve's voice was composed and sure, as if he hoped to transfer his calmness to Janet. "Don't worry."
"This whole business... isn't really about the duration," said Tony. "Besides, we can always give it another go."
"I can't say what's it made of, that's an internal secret, but then again, every house has its own recipe." Stark demonstratively spread his hands. "As for the application, it's quite simple. The war paint is a decal: you make the foundation of a specific color, then put the decal on, wait for a few seconds, while it reacts, then tear away the top layer. The familial face paint is applied with special brushes."
"But this is important! This is important to her, so why, for once in her life, she couldn't just write it plainly and in detail?" he exclaimed in distress. The ba, who returned with the coffee, shook his head.
"I need Hank," Janet answered, quietly. She suddenly grabbed Steve's wrist, "promise me he'll be alright. Steve. Promise me."
"And another thing," he added, simply, "you'll probably have to move in with me. Richard's neighbor will have to look after his dying cactus."
In any case, long before, in his past life almost, he knew a guy with dark eyes and a cheeky grin, quite disheveled at first and with his hair styled with some product later. He smelled the same way, too: like a whole armory.
He'd seen a face like this before – maybe not an exact copy, but one that was very much alike. Then again, being frozen and old might've blurred the memories.
Steve looked down, embarrassed. It wasn't even that he didn't know how to talk to women, the army teaches you a lot of things, and one time soldiers, grateful for the rescue, even took him to a brothel. It was more that he really didn't know anyone here; he barged into other people's place and didn't even know, why.
Steve obeyed. He forced himself to keep still and keep kissing Tony till he felt dizzy, and Tony... Tony melted under him, pulled him in, inch after inch, excruciatingly slow, his silky hot insides hugging him up to his balls, his hips hugging Steve, his fingers now pushing into his back encouraging.
Tony was going to answer, but loud music interrupted them. Steve looked at his phone, but it was silent.
"Stand down, soldier," Tony hummed. He took something from his pocket and threw it to Steve, who barely managed to catch it. "That's a USB-drive for Reed. He'll be happy as a pig."
The morning sky was so bright blue it hurt Steve's eyes. He was long used to weather being unnaturally spiteful to human drama – the most horrible events in his life always happened under a clear sky.
This was a tricky question. Steve couldn't lie – Banner seemed distrustful, and distrustful people saw through lies much more easily. But all the words Steve was turning around in his head on the way from Tuscaloosa to the small mining town all of a sudden seemed too pretentious, too convoluted, even the ones that were completely true.
we're okay. Reed and Victor have been arguing who's to blame for four hours, I'd be worried if I were Sue
A bird called somewhere in the distance, and Steve opened his eyes abruptly, clutching the sleeping bag in his fists. He dreamt of holding a rifle.
The gun was lying on Bruce's sleeping bag, and Steve picked it up and his backpack that had cases of bullets in it. Bruce wasn't taking his eyes away from the horizon, and Steve started methodically and calmly loading the gun.
"Yes, ma’am," said the ba, shortly, after receiving a go ahead from the ghem-lord. "My name is Jarvis. I've been serving haut-lady Mio D’Stark for almost a hundred years."
"I am," answered Steve. Tony stared at him for a moment, and then grabbed his coat from a chair and headed out.
"I like women," he answered in a cautious tone. "I had a girlfriend, if that's important. We broke up before the war."
The truth was, the first thing Steve felt in the 21st century was fear. An undoubtedly logical feeling, when you suddenly find yourself in a small room next to a skinny guy in a white lab coat. He automatically tried to attack, making the guy step back and put up his hands, and then somebody grabbed Steve from behind and pulled him away.
"Hank was experimenting with subatomic particles that can enlarge or shrink an object after coming in contact with it. Rats, rabbits, ants. My bots. Of course, the effect is not permanent, but Hank's been working on that." He fell silent for a moment. "The particles had a side-effect. Some animals started behaving erratically, even aggressively."
Steve rose from his chair, took an empty glass from the table and, finding nothing better, poured water from his flask. Banner took the glass with suspicion, looked it over carefully, moving as if he was going to smell it, before drinking. Steve grimaced.
'I'll call when we land,' Ben said at the end of the call. 'I don't think they’re going to have a phone at the station.'
It was all rather confusing. In the past weeks, Steve got used to a slow, aloof life, almost like in the years before the war. Reed could hardly be called a good conversationalist, Sue came by only a couple of times, and Ben had his own stuff to do. Steve knew what to do alone, and he knew what to do during a war.
"Hm... why are you... so short for a ghem-lord?" Rogers decided to save the artillery for later, but still poke Stark with a stick. The Consul, however, didn't seem either surprised or offended.
Delivering another dispatch didn't take long, and the strange group of Cetagandans and a lonely Barrayaran were back in front of the peculiar garden soon enough.
"Not quite. I was finishing it. The first designer got unexpectedly caught misappropriating the funds." Stark snorted, "Which is another piece of proof that we're all just humans. I think this happens quite a lot in your fleet, as well. Tea?"
Supposedly banning a foreign dignitary with shame turned out to be easier than Steve expected. Only a few people knew he wasn't really banned, just hidden nearby, and the rest were satisfied with the official version, which, almost per tradition, it seemed, for Cetagandan politics, included a tragic story involving poisoning. This time, however the Consul himself wasn't a victim, as this role was allocated to his apparently numerous lovers. (The girl who played the role wasn't actually one of them, and was instead Natasha's colleague). Nobody mentioned unsuccessful attempt to sabotage the replicator bank, and Stark was quite grateful for that: even with his appreciation for intrigue, he didn't want to draw on himself the rage of present and future parents.
He was told the war was over. It was hard to believe - till the last moment Steve was sure he was captured by enemies and hypnotized so he’d betray the secrets and technologies he knew about. Ben (the one that grabbed him to stop from attacking, a friend of Reed's) even brought him to a war memorial in Washington. As they went there, Steve had a thought that the only constant was parks - the alley they were crossing looked the same as seventy years ago. People had changed, the technology had changed, the cities grew higher and covered themselves in neon lights, but the parks stayed the same. In the hurried, messy, fast world there were still people who cut the bushes to make them look round.
"Everything," he said. "For example, it could've dabbled as a bomb, you know, so the enemies couldn't copy the technology if they ever caught you. Also it could've been specific to your world, like working on an element that is impossible here. You know, all that. Or you could've had two hearts."
"I don't care about the serum," he said. "A man took part in that project, named Steve Rogers," Banner was going to interrupt him, but Steve raised his hand, "I'm Steve Rogers."
Steve already knew what USB-drives were, as well as CDs. A computer was the second device Steve learned to use in this world, and the most important one, if you ignore coffee-machines, of course.
"Right, if this is going to be useful, it's not clear, how," Clint lowered his voice and said, in a most conspiratorial tone. "That man is looking for information about you and your family. He's doing it very carefully and professionally, too, the security services still haven’t noticed anything, and I wouldn't, if I wasn't deliberately paying attention. I don't know what is it about the secret part of your records, Steve, but he's very serious about finding it. You aren't an heir of Vorbarr, by any chance?"
"I accept your argument about personal space," Steve squinted, looking at him. "I won't interfere with your fun." He was attacking blind, actually, the only woman he saw Tony meeting with during all this time was Pepper. Janet didn't count, she loved Hank too much, the same way waitresses that Tony flirted with didn't, as far as Steve understood, flirting was just another way Tony dealt with the world.
"That's why I mentioned handcuffs," Tony muttered. "No one, though? In four years?" He gave Steve a disbelieving look. "What about women? You had women in the forties."
"Let's make some things clear: my mother's ba was discovered trying to hack replicator control systems by a guard? Did they paralyze Jarvis and call you?" Stark stared at the woman, theoretically responsible for this interrogation.
He chose the food quickly but with careful consideration. While the cashier was putting his purchases in a bag, Steve asked:
"Shareholders meeting," said Steve, distracted. "Annual report with the board of directors, profit and loss distribution."
"Oh," Tony laughed. Steve could almost feel his gaze on his skin. Maybe, his healing factor was paired with seeing in the dark. "That's so me. Being tired is worse than alcohol, completely loosens my tongue."
"I get it," said Bruce. "How impossible it sounds. I'd rather it wasn't true as well. I'll even get it if you say I lost my mind."
A few hours later, when Steve returned to the cabin where he abandoned the furious Cetagandan, said Cetagandan was far less furious and more unhappy, sleepy and clearly sick. His eyes were redder, and his skin paler. Stark looked at the returning Captain with suspicion and even slight fear.
"You don't want to talk about the forties either, I'm guessing." Steve very pointedly shook his head, and Tony snorted. "Alright. What then?"
"Stop waiting to return," Tony explained. "Stop looking back. Reed doesn't even know how he managed to get you here, how the machine works, and his head's too full of space and his emitters."
"The ba could do anything like that only on a direct and unambiguous order from its mistress. My mother didn't give it such an order."
"Look at that, I didn't think Cetagandans could treat anyone this well, let alone someone they consider slaves," Clint whispered to Rogers. The consul heard however, and turned to look at them in indignation.
"They can be persuasive," said Bruce. He adjusted his glasses and shrugged. "Besides, I doubt anybody would make me a better offer."
"I hope so," Steve lied down on the edge of the couch. "It's true, we don't really... do closeness like this. We do, however, make sure to help warm up those who are cold. One good guy used to do that for me when I was young and frail."
Everything went blurry before his eyes, and every piece of his body hurt. Steve bit into his hand to stop himself from screaming. The armor was trying to talk to him, and the buzz of it in his head made it harder to concentrate. Only on his third try, he managed to repeat a mental command, and on the fourth try he figured out it was pointless.
The silence was broken by the sound of the Imperial March. Steve flinched, and Tony reached for the phone on the bedside table.
Steve nodded. Nat was always strictly professional, but attacking unborn children could cause fierceness in her, brought by an unrealized maternal instinct. At some point, due to unpleasant circumstances that vor-lady preferred not to speak of, she lost the ability to have children the natural way. A replicator bank was her only chance to ever have kids, and the attack on it she could see as an attack on one of her possible futures (for now, a red-haired Valkyrie in the rank of Commander had shown no signs of wanting to settle down).
He caught up to him right next to the ground, grabbed Tony and rolled them around, hitting the floor with his back. The last thing he saw was Doctor Faustus pressing the head of his cane to his chest, and then he disappeared into thin air and Steve lost consciousness.
Hulk snorted. His grim, heavy gaze was sliding off buildings, as if he was considering going down there and wrecking the place.
"Bullshit. Even if you do believe that I'm a mentally unstable child killer," said Stark. "I have no codes. Even if your security personnel was typing them in, they did it discreetly enough that I haven't noticed. I haven't strayed away from the guide, and that's easy to prove if you look through security footage. All devices that, as we were told at the start of it, could affect the performance of replicators, I left at the entrance. More than that, where would my ba get teratogens? My luggage and that of all people accompanying me was thoroughly checked and re-checked, as was the mansion. And Jarvis couldn't buy them after our arrival, which is also easy to prove, all our movements and purchases are recorded. I'm sure your personnel already went through the records."
"Why don't you invite people using comms, like a normal person?" asked Vorbarton, seemingly out of nowhere.
"I don't know how it'll go," said Steve in an even tone. "But I know that you don't need to blame yourself prematurely. You haven't even done anything, and you're already looking at me like I'm a ghost."
Steve wasn't even a professional artist, let alone poet. But he was driven by sudden bout of inspiration and, to be frank, honestly wanted to make amends. Stark was... too interesting to let pass the opportunity to get to know him. Too irritating. But also necessary?
"Who would even do such a thing? Abducting and setting up another person's ba? I've never thought of Barrayarans as barbarians, but this is..."
"Captain Rogers!" he exclaimed, almost with joy. "I was hoping to meet you, though under slightly more pleasant circumstances. This lovely lady..."
"Is something wrong?" asked Tony, with his most polite tone of voice. "Are you uncomfortable? I'm feeling very warm and cozy."
"I don't think so," said Tony, after a moment of reflection. "Steve is probably right. I can't even imagine how much energy your supposed source has to make, for the garden to be working only on excess. Even a whole cellar of enriched uranium wouldn't suffice."
"I want to go home," said Steve. It was weird, but he was almost disappointed Tony left his attempts to change his mind. Steve just only now seriously considered a possibility of Iron Man in this new world – as a reality, and not just a stupid theory. It only now occurred to him that he didn't have to tear his connection with the past completely.
Steve looked back at the stand with the armor watching him blindly and dispassionately. Steve considered it for a few moments and then reached for it – the armor answered, of course, almost immediately, its eyes glowing blue, only on the other side, there was silence.
The tea was prepared by the same ba, who made sure to show the Captain he wasn't adding any drugs this time. While they waited, Stark sat down and reminded Steve with a sigh:
Tony's home looked nothing like his owner. Steve expected something modern, made of glass and plastic, and not this traditional, almost Victorian mansion with a front gate and ivy on the walls. Steve wasn't even surprised when they were met at the door by the butler – unlike Tony, the tall lean man with a straight back matched the house quite well.
"He's the boss. The people in charge are never late, it's the others that come too early. The meeting won't start without him either way."
So, he was a criminal, after all. But what would get you in such a weird relationship with the government? Traitors met their fate fast. Bruce also didn't look like a murderer. Did he refuse to take part in some operation and was under scrutiny now? Steve didn't have any illusions about the government for a long time, or maybe, he never really did.
"Well, not exactly. Her future husband, now deceased, was also quite an enterprising individual. One might say outstanding, in some ways. And when he started working with an Escobaran company that was involved with genetic engineering, it was only natural to add a supervisor that, by default, knew more than him," Clint shook his head, marveling at the oddity of Cetagandan rules.
"I got him out of the lab, but I couldn't take away his toys, you know. He's like a baby. The formulas calm him down."
The tired man on the picture had dark hair and warm, kind brown eyes. Steve could only guess what could force him to hide away in half-deserted plains of Alabama.
The tips of Tony's mouth twitched up, as if he was trying to hide a grin. He clearly didn't believe it, but then again, Steve didn't particularly believe himself.
"Need some help?" Steve asked, confused. Jarvis was completely unperturbed – either the explosion was planned, or they happened often enough that the old butler just stopped paying attention.
Steve tried to move his arm, but only managed to displace it from Tony's neck to his shoulder blades. He laughed, quietly, and felt Tony raising himself on his elbows and throwing off Steve's arm.
Then, there was the armor. The feeling was like phantom pain throbbing in his chest, as if someone pulled all his nerves into one knot and was taking them away one by one. But how? Why would the military have Tony Stark's technology?
He got up, brushed off the grass from his knees and gave Bruce his hand. The man looked at it for a moment in silence before taking it.
Steve managed to turn off the system by pressing some buttons on the remote control and stood up. He was determined not to think about the number of times Tony fell asleep next to him and what it could all mean.
"I'm guessing Billy is the one who opened the door," said Steve, quietly. "All of this is very strange."
Ben found him in the kitchen. Considering that Steve just made coffee, he probably just followed the familiar smell. That was a funny thought.
All of it went out the window in these three days of waiting. Steve was horribly anxious every moment of every day, he slept badly, he constantly checked the phone and overreacted to every knock on the door – even if it was just a client in the shop – Steve turned around every single time, feeling fear and hope all at once. He was eager to see Tony and dreading what would follow at the same time. He felt as if he was in zero gravity, or falling down a rabbit's hole.
On Steve's part, he quite enjoyed that, especially considering that Stark wasn't pulling on it. Encouraged by the compliment, Steve continued sucking Stark off, even managed to find a pleasing rhythm. His hands kept stroking Stark's hips and then went and squeezed his perky ass.
Janet stubbornly pressed her lips together, but in a couple of moments she stood up, leaning on Steve.
Steve positioned himself next to the door, grabbed the bulkhead next to it with one hand and the weakly looking handle with another, breathed out and pulled.
"No, it's fine," Tony snorted. "I enjoyed it, actually. I don't understand the purpose of this sock over your body, but it does accentuate your muscles quite nicely."
Banner took off his glasses and started methodically cleaning the lenses with a piece of his shirt, looking away.
The pickup was filled with metallic cookware, carefully folded blankets, tools and bags. Bruce took a lighter out, checked it and turned it off again. They were once again in complete darkness of a moonless night.
"That's a good decision," Happy hummed, sitting behind the wheel. "Sometimes, a lady comes out, and the car barely closes with all her luggage. And that's just for a few days trip."
Janet was going to argue, but a phone call interrupted her. She yanked the mobile from her purse and frowned.
"And you're going to run around the streets showing it off?" Solomon frowned, as if Steve just said something stupid. "Laws are for those who don't have their own brain. Take it or leave it. I'll go take a walk."
He took a shower, got dressed and went down twenty minutes later. The kitchen here was evidently Jarvis' domain: there were no curtains, and the room was filled with dim early morning light that outlined Tony's silhouette. The man was absent-mindedly doing something on his tablet with his free hand in his hair.
Tony went around him, dialed a combination on a panel and pushed the door. It opened to a workshop, or something alike, Steve couldn't quite see – everything was blurry.
"I guess," agreed Steve. He made another step, almost stumbled again and pushed his hand through his hair in an anxious gesture. "This'll take hours. Come here."
"Blue is also for cunning," reminded Howard. "And that's her, truly. Did you already figure out that she wasn't going to take apart your lover and put the parts at the Emperor's feet?"
Tony lowered his head on Steve's shoulder and mumbled something, his breath hot on Steve's skin, who didn’t hear a word Tony said. He was calm and happy.
"Oh yes, the chatter of the teeth does help to become friends faster," agreed Stark and gave Steve a surprisingly soft smile, as if to show that he wasn't angry, this was just his way of talking.
Four jumps away from them, haut-lady Mio D'Stark just finished a collection of haikus for her husband and started on another one, for her son. It seemed impossible to express all her indignation about his prolonged silence and approval of her son's choice in just seventeen syllables.
"They've probably got orders to put me to sleep, there'll be tranquilizer in their rifles," whispered Bruce. "I've never thought about that before. The tranquilizers. I thought..."
"That's what I thought. Let's leave your question for another time, then. Maybe, you'll indulge me after all and come drink tea with me?"
"Yes," Stark admitted, briefly. "And don't even think of trying to cure me with ethanol. I'd rather have that healing moss that my dad chewed on all the time. But we don't have any."
"But the sensors are, apparently, not that great," the Captain got up and followed Jarvis to Stark's cabin.
Janet sounded worried. Steve, who was half-asleep, couldn’t understand what she wanted from him at first, but when he did, he immediately woke up.
"Okay, I got it." Tony let go of his hand. "No more warnings." He turned to his screens again, pressed something on one of them and an uneven line appeared on it and started moving. "Is there anything you need to tell me before we start?"
"Somebody who's really interested in bringing their body to perfection," said the ba. "They don't have to necessarily be interested in bringing down the Empire's foundations, they just have to wish to be strong and healthy, don't they? They learned about your interest in the Captain and got scared that they'll lose the opportunity to get him. Perhaps, they panicked and, when I stumbled upon their people, decided to force their situation, using, as they thought, your servant."
"I'll drive," he repeated. "I have a delightfully huge car now, the chair doesn't fit into a sports car, and I didn't have time to assemble a new one."
To Steve's surprise, Hank blushed. His neck and cheeks burned red, and the orange blanket only made it look worse. Hank lowered his face, unsuccessfully trying to hide. Janet tousled his hair.
"Either way, it's conscious and you can talk to it," the medic briefly contemplated the possibility of many lawsuits from an haut-lady, then tried to shook it off and go back to familiar actions.
"Yes," Steve hesitated, then sat down on the bed and paused, getting his breath under control. "You said you control the armor with nanobots."
"Not now," he whispered with barely concealed panic. "No, it's alright, everything's fine. Please, not now."
The room was filled with warm light. Steve realized, with a weird feeling, that not much time passed since his waking up this morning, even though to him it seemed like eternity ago.
Steve felt almost guilty, but the habit to control his emotions was firmly installed in him since the army. He was actually almost charmed by the openness of people in this time, at first, and the openness of Tony especially – all his emotions were like a kaleidoscope, changing lightning fast, making it hard to keep track of them. That made it harder to read him, but then again, Steve generally wasn't that great at understanding people. The military habit of categorizing everybody into allies and enemies was hard to shake off.
"Well, it's improper," answered Steve, shortly, perfectly aware that were they to keep discussing these topics for a few more minutes, his face will go up in flames. He always blushed easily, like any blond person, and really disliked it. "It's for thermal regulation. And to keep from putting the jumpsuit over my naked body, it's not easy to wash. I remember, that one time we sat up to our waists in dirt..." he cut himself off, "that's probably boring to you."
Steve caught up to him while he was going down the hill. Bruce was stumbling behind, looking distractedly at the town lying in front of them.
He gave the shower doors a suspicious look and didn't shut it behind him – which had the added benefit of not having to turn on the light.
"No, that would've been unwise and unprofessional. But in what capacity will the Captain be keeping an eye on me? If I'm not mistaken, he's an Imperial Courier. I don't think that role grant him such authority," the Cetagandan stopped talking, noticing unkind smiles on Natasha's and Clint's faces.
"I shouldn't have wasted time writing you a repentant limerick," decided Steve, right at the door, and delayed making amends till better time. "And I definitely shouldn't have wasted time on a portrait. You're not fine at all, are you?" he touched Stark's forehead and almost snatched his hand away. "You've a fever!"
Steve blinked twice. Tony frowned and disappeared from his view for a moment. Steve had a thought that he was probably done for, but he couldn’t assemble enough strength to really care about that.
Steve decided not to ask if it was supposed to be an insult. The guard finally came to a compromise with someone, and the elevator's doors opened.
He felt as if he was lying in a giant iceberg. An icy prison was covering all his body, sucking away all his warmth and life. He tried to climb up, to breathe, but every time he felt drowning again, and going even deeper into the darkness and the cold. Somebody was calling for him, mindlessly whispering prayers and begging, and Steve couldn't answer. He froze, listening.
"No, that would be stupid." Vorromanof completely ignored humor in line of duty. "We should try to understand what they were expecting to gain from this."
"I check my mail every day, and I can assure you, I had no messages from you," Steve spread his hands.
"Yes," answered Faustus, simply. "And you have to agree with me. This world has its Iron Man. Yours, you left without a protector. Doesn't it bother you, that you don’t know if the war is over? If it resulted in the victory that you worked so hard for?"
Steve spent probably the calmest month in his life studying books and video-files, so he was quite surprised getting a comm-call from Vorbarton in the middle of an almost winter night. His friend was grim and focused, not resembling his usual behavior at all.
"Hey, boy,” an old, sturdy woman stopped next to him, “is everything alright? You're not looking too well."
"But you can probably do that with friends," he noted, "especially when their teeth can't stop chattering."
"Is that why they're looking for you?" Bruce flinched, and Steve continued his thought, "you refused to continue the research?"
"That's it. That's what you came here for, what you'd better not learned. The project was closed and classified. Steve Rogers never existed, the war was won by normal people. And history's tolerant to mistakes."
In front of the whole construction, another teenage girl was sitting down, not levitating, not growing horns all over her body, just meditating, seemingly, with her eyes closed.
Steve went back to his cabin, sat down on the sofa and lost himself in thought. He couldn't stop thinking about the man desperately clinging to his life. Could he be the one behind that attack at the lab? Was it possible that Doctor Abraham's death wasn't accidental, but a message to the others from the Durona group, so they wouldn't even think about fleeing?
"For nothing," Natasha sighed, tugging a lock of her red hair, nervously. "It's you who's being blamed. You did state in that declaration that you hold complete responsibility for all your servants, and any infraction and crime on their part are yours to answer for. That causes us certain trouble, of course, considering your diplomatic immunity, but we can work around that."
Steve let it go. He couldn't not obey, obeying orders was now one of his primal instincts. He would've probably obeyed even unconscious. The void that engulfed him rang in his ears, and Steve, weakened by it, fell in Tony's hands, trying to get his bearings.
Since there was nothing left to say, ghem-colonel sent the letter, rolled around in his chair, giving his eyes and his head a chance to rest.
"I... I don't know." Hank rubbed his face again, looking exhausted. "The more I think about it, the less I understand. Like there's some block in my mind."
Steve wanted to argue, but Bruce seemed too tired for that. Then again, Steve would still have his chance to do that.
"Captain Rogers?" Tony snorted quietly and sipped his drink. "So, you were fighting for a couple of years and got to captain. How?"
"Let's hope there'll be no need for that on this occasion as well," Steve sighed, although inside, his soul was singing and dancing from joy. Finally, he had some real work and not just withering away in the office.
"And again, that gave me more questions than answers," Steve sighed. "Alright. Let's say, you bring me to your homeland, lay me at your mother's feet. What will it change? I'm not just a creature enhanced with unknown technology, I'm a project of her husband, who was, I'm guessing, declared deceased even before it all happened. How else would he get ahold of an Escobar secret identity and hide from the eye of your security services?"
"I haven't..." Steve gave an irritated stare in answer to Tony's mocking one. "I haven't taken my shirt off. Not whatever you were thinking."
Tony, on the other hand, was irritatingly calm, as if breaking into other people's houses was just the natural order of things for him. He wore a formal black suit, so Steve would've thought that he arrived straight from a conference, except by now internet had already convinced him that Stark had been following his own personal dress-code. He had white gloves on his hands, and that little detail looked so inappropriate as if Tony was trying to mock him. What kind of person even wears white gloves in their normal life?
"Look at that," Ben said cheerfully, and Steve smiled, since he saw no reason not to do that. "Somebody woke up in a good mood. Wanna go for a walk? To a museum or a movie theater?"
"Teddy? He's not green. Well, he can be that, but it's... complicated. Let's say, he has camouflage built into his system. Like a chameleon, but better."
The calm affected Steve in a strange way. He hasn’t really had a chance to travel, neither in this world, nor in the past, but now, far away from skyscrapers looming above him and all that neon, he thought about it. The war was over, Europe wasn't burning anymore, and the roads were open.
He looked exhausted and, at least it seemed that way to Steve, was barely staying conscious. He could hardly be trusted with a pencil in this state, let alone a screwdriver.
"So, where am I taking you?" Tony cheerfully asked. Steve noticed that there was an inverse relationship between Tony's and Ben's moods: the happier Stark was becoming, the grimmer was Ben. "A museum? An opera house? A brothel?"
"Wait," Steve’s voice was commanding, as he interrupted Tony reaching for the wires attached to the monitors. "I was conscious the last time. I want to see everything now, too."
She turned around, not waiting for an answer, and briskly went towards another, slightly less shabby house. Steve turned back around and saw the man from the picture on the threshold, cleaning his hands with a rug.
"I need to speak to the Colonel," he said after a while. "If he finds the secret part of the records, there's going to be trouble."
"I think that'll be good for you. How old are you? Twenty-five? Sometimes you look like my old man, and he was a pathetic goody two-shoes. So, good luck."
The question clearly puzzled Tony. He flinched, probably fighting an urge to look at his hands, and shrugged.
As it turned out, Vorromanof didn't start dissecting the Cetagandan, but she was dangerously close to it. She reacted badly to interference at first, but, noticing the familiar faces, warmed up to them. Seeing them enter a tiny room with walls an unpleasant greyish green color, the Consul cheered up as well.
Inside, the flat looked almost normal, if you ignored the huge aquarium with ants along the wall. Hank Pym was definitely a passionate kind of person. The closeness of so many insects unnerved Steve, even though he was never squeamish.
"No," Tony shook his head. "I've almost done everything, figured out how to update your program. The only thing left is to cut your chest open and see how hard it is to implement my plan in reality. It's nothing, really."
"And you are trying to steer the conversation away from your possible involvement," added Vorromanof, to cover all bases.
He expected the trip to change something in his course of life, but not much did. As soon as Steve went back to work, the routine dragged him down like a swamp: the same things he had to do over and over again, the clients that all looked alike and Solomon's eternally hungry dog were all still there. In some way, Steve came back to the same life he was trying to run away from.
Wilson opened his mouth, clearly going to argue back, but he was interrupted by an arrival of a tall man in a black suit with bright red hair. He waved his hand, and Wilson nodded quickly and moved aside. Janet kept watching him.
Unfinished ideas and images were swimming through his head: the armor, Tony, the reactor, nanobots, that resembled tiny metal bugs in Steve's imagination. It all mixed in his imagination, almost drowning his thoughts. To relax and get his feelings under control, Steve took a shower (half-absently remembering Tony in the shower and what he was doing and what it lead to). Then he dressed and looked at the paints again.
"And fear," Steve added, who, as far as his cover allowed, was friends with Natasha Vorromanof, a very serious daughter of a very serious father, who preferred backbreaking labor of Imperial Security to the blitz and glamour of social life. She was closer to Clint, mainly because she was often helping with the chaos of trying to raise three children at once in her free time. Why Clint's wife, a pretty but unremarkable woman, wasn't jealous of a startling beauty that was Nat, constantly hanging around Clint, was a mystery.
"Don't be stupid," interjected Steve. "Honestly, I just feel sorry for your capes. My jumpsuit, however, will be perfectly fine. You can consider it personal. I was cold, once, for a really long time, and since then, I... Jarvis, finally. Give me the blanket, find me a spare jumpsuit and, another thing, is there ethanol on board? Pure?"
He didn't want to stay in an empty apartment. He didn't particularly want to stay in this world and time either (that thought was still hard to get used to), but he was very good at adapting.
"Yeah," he snorted, angry. "Boundaries and safety! Meanwhile, any terrorist can go to the officers' home and nobody will stop them."
"I'll think about it, and look for more information," Steve nodded. "At least, there'll be some use out of my temporary transfer to the headquarters."
He couldn't breathe. Something was pressing on his chest, crushing him to the ground, squashing him, and Steve couldn't breathe. He was choking, losing his grasp of the voices and the light.
Tony snorted and kicked a piece of glass from an aquarium – the ants that were previously crawling over it scattered away. Steve, who tried to tactfully look away and ended up staring at the blood smears on the walls, raised his eyebrows.
"At first, yes, while the water was still warm. Then I tried to call Jarvis, but emergency call panel wasn't working. When he finally heard me yelling for him, turned out, the ba, while marvelous workers otherwise, are not really strong. Why are you undressing? So I wouldn't be upset being the only one naked?"
"We've a trusting relationship." Tony breathed out, loudly. He dropped his head on his hands again and rubbed his temples, as if trying to chase away the sleepiness. "I polish it, it follows my orders."
"I won't." Steve recoiled at the mental image of Walter chewing on moss with an enthusiasm of a reindeer, checked Stark's pulse and frowned. "Can I ask Jarvis for help? I already apologized to him for... saying those things in the heat of the moment."
Steve hated being watched, the roots of that feeling grew during the war. It was irrational then, and even more so now. The strained silence, however, was broken by Tony himself.
"It's like a... window display for Jackson's Whole," explained Stark to perplexed Steve and Jarvis. "It looks proper and beautiful, but you should keep your guard. And never sign any contracts with anyone."
"You can sing me a lullaby," the man answered. "I need some time to recuperate. You and Banner can play hide-and-seek in the meantime."
After that operation when they put the reactor in his chest, for a long time, Steve couldn't get closer to any medical room – doctors' masks, all the tools they used, everything caused such a disgust in him, like his subconscious was trying to avoid unpleasant memories.
"You think this is serious?" asked Janet, in disbelief, but before Steve could say anything else, she continued, "I’ll call back in half an hour."
"If things didn't change drastically in the last seventy years, I doubt the government will endanger civilians."
When Steve woke up, Tony was already gone. He'd chalk it up to his delirious imagination, but the blanket next to him was crumpled – if Tony was sleeping next to him, he apparently didn't feel like getting under it.
Steve kept watching his face, mesmerized. He could predict his every move, from complex gestures to slight twitching of the muscles of his face. Even his own ridiculous pose – still with his hands on Tony's chest – didn't bother him.
It wasn't his pulse beating under his jaw, it wasn't his skin burning, but it was his surprise reflected on Tony's face, like in a funhouse mirror. Tony tried to move away again, Steve grabbed him harder and winced, feeling pain that wasn't his.
He looked like a middle-aged Escobaran, his skin dark, his hair gray and trimmed short, but Steve, who travelled the world for a couple of months already with Cetagandans, easily recognized their compatriot. He found that somewhat weird, that he didn't figure that out before, but decided that he was missing a point of reference. Now, he knew for certain that only a Cetagandan could barely age twenty-five years in a century.
"What? No, they just expect us to get cold," Tony waved his hand. "If they don't like anyone, it's the Barrayarans. So many years had passed since that war, and still," he smirked, and Steve felt the way that all Cetagandans probably feel on Barrayar. Uneasy.
"Oh, so this is just an interesting way to keep your officers battle-ready and in shape? Well, you should've said, I would've kept Jarvis in the Embassy, it's not a Barrayaran officer, after all."
He woke up, having felt someone's presence in the room, but, finding no gun under his pillow, just jumped up, putting his hands in a defensive position.
Tony didn’t stop looking at him through his tirade, and his fingers on the glass turned white with tension.
Steve barely suppressed a smile. Tony's words all blended together, he was talking nonsense, probably just blurting out everything that was on his mind.
"Exactly. People say they even loved each other. The way you can, anyway, in such a strange society," Vorbarton nodded and sighed: he loved his wife and his children so much, he couldn't even imagine how you could be married and yet live without them. "So, they made a nice family, took a couple of secret projects on, one of which – not so secret anymore – was making a son. And then the head of the family, father of our Consul, was killed under mysterious circumstances by unknown perpetrators. Haut Mio went into mourning and became a recluse, and her son, very adventurous for his age, came to Barrayar. Something's wrong here, Steve."
He tried to calm down and convince himself that Janet was panicking for no reason and making him panic as well. Not a lot of people were answering their phones at five in the morning, after all, and the scientists from the center could be all just going on their business. The accident with Maya Hanson was just a coincidence, and Tony just wanted to get away from the board meetings.
"He's swearing he's done nothing. That's maybe true, but his servant was trying to sabotage one of our replicator banks."
"And you wanted to show them what you're worth?" asked Steve. The sentiment was familiar to him, he also got denied and rejected time and time again. Nobody was interested in problematic weak guys. Except for crazy scientists, it seemed.
The bright red armor was shining in the sunlight. Steve remembered how clunky and awkward his own armor looked in the air – it was hard to keep it up, it was always swaying to the side, and it rather jumped than actually flew. Tony's armor (Steve was sure that was it) soared like a bird and landed gracefully, the sight fascinating. Any other time, Steve would admire it, but now he just felt a rush of mindless irritation. What the hell was Tony doing here?
"Will you believe me if I say I am?" asked Tony, somewhat surprised. "That's weird. Besides, I rather believe my insensitivity to drugs and alcohol – aphrodisiacs are no different."
The Colonel's presumably smudged face paint was not just touched upon, but completely changed. The grey background was nowhere in sight, only red and gold pattern, most probably of his clan. For some reason, it did not consist of traditional swirls and spirals, but of straight lines that at some points turned at straight angles and formed something like Old Earth's Celtic ornaments. Steve noted to himself, again, to find a book about face paint patterns. He did not like feeling like a man having an open book in front of him written in an unfamiliar language.
"Steve's a grown-up," said Tony with a measured voice, which also sounded different from how he usually talked. "You're someone who's helping him adapt. You're not his babysitter, you're not his nurse, you're most assuredly not his mother or father," he paused for a moment, "Steve's capable of telling me no himself."
"Usually the Cets don't discuss their face paint so directly," remarked Vorbarton under his breath, appearing next to Steve again. The victim of his earlier lecture, pale and miserable, was shifting from foot to foot, obediently asking for something safer than champagne. Well, it was good Vorbarton caught him in time. "And it would take the temperature of a star's core to make it smudge. It seems that comment really got to him. But why? Where are the ghem-lords and where's Jackson’s Whole?"
"I didn't say anything like that," bit back Steve. "And I didn't mean anything like that. How do you manage to always choose to understand the most twisted and ugly things from everything I say, that I didn't even mean? I only wanted to say that a Barrayaran officer is not a damsel in distress that has to be guarded like the apple of your eye. He's the one who has to protect peace and order!"
The shower went fine, nothing else weird happened, as did getting dressed and coming down the stairs.
"We'll regret that he didn't get crushed in the chaos," said Tony, his words barely audible. Steve flinched. He never understood making jokes about that and probably never will. Tony noticed, raised his hand, as if going to tap him on the shoulder, but froze in an uncomfortable pose, "that's weird," he said, but didn't explain what exactly he thought was weird and just put his hands back in his pockets. "Pym! How did that marvelous idea occur to you?"
"Hulk saved me," said Steve and gave him an unsure smile, looking at Bruce's shocked expression. "He shielded me from the bullets and carried me away, I’m guessing, to what he considered a safe place. I think he's not as bad as everybody thinks."
"He did quite a lot of harm to Jacksonians, though. A couple of times, actually. And his brother, as well," said Steve. "As far as I understand, the heads of many families of Jackson's Whole live for centuries, even though their way of extending their life is different from Cetagandan."
"How's your saying goes? There's no truth in legs? Let's sit down and talk like civilized people," having got Steve's consent to the game, Stark started smiling, and his voice, silky smooth before, got positively hypnotizing. Steve was actually naturally insusceptible to hypnosis, and to fast-penta since he took the new job. The rest of the substances that could cause a sudden urge to spill anything didn't work on him since that old experiment, so he just smiled back, got comfortable in one of the chairs and allowed himself to be presented with a cup of tea.
"My mother didn't give that order," repeated Stark, clearly losing his patience. "I still don't completely understand, what your Empire thinks of ours, but trust me, no lady, haut or ghem, would threaten children, especially unborn ones. It contradicts everything they live for and serve. One could, of course, decide to help, without asking first, but that's not what Jarvis is being blamed for, is it? What is it being blamed for, actually?"
The armor was almost constantly moving, changing, fitting, following Steve's half-conscious demands. He didn't even have to think about it, it was natural, like breathing.
"My mother is an haut-lady," he started, "of course, she lost the status after she married a ghem-lord, but genetically speaking, she's an haut-lady, and her behavior speaks to it as well. After my father died, she... I don't quite understand it, but I think, everything that reconciled her with the loss of those rights and privileges died with him."
"I don't exactly feel sorry for him," Steve tried to explain, "it's just weird. I didn't even know him, and yet his life depended on me. And here we are."
"This thing can be taken out, right? It has to, I can see how it's attached," Tony circled the metal plate with his finger, got ahold of something and gave a satisfied nod. "Okay. Alright. Let's do this."
Tony grabbed a couple of burgers and swallowed them, barely giving himself time to unwrap them, let alone chew. Steve didn't like looking at him, because he still felt nauseous. He didn't want to leave Tony's side, though, or even move away far enough that their hands would stop touching. He made himself turn away and look around.
While Steve nodded and agreed, a thought raced through his mind, that he believed in Cetagandan ability to tell the truth even less than in their demonstrative friendliness, but he let it go. The important thing was to not say anything unnecessary and to learn from the Cetagandan more than he could learn from Steve, or the Colonel wouldn't ever forgive him.
He was distracted from his thoughts, finally, by somebody knocking on his door. Pepper was standing there, holding her shoes under her arm like one would hold a clutch.
"I'm Tony Stark. I collect things. The contract that Ross signed with Iron Man stipulates that Tony Stark, a man that collects things, has no responsibility over actions of the man in the suit."
"Hmm, maybe it's both," muttered Stark. "Anyway, you can go rest now. I'll torment the local network with questions myself."
"That's what I thought," muttered Tony to himself. His face was twisted with a grin. "Could be worse."
Steve took a deep breath, calming himself down, and pushed the door. Tony was sitting on the table – alive and whole, his pulse slightly slower than normal. He wasn't bound or knocked out, but he was not moving, looking at some point in front of him, and didn't react to Steve coming in. He was just in his pants, but by the looks of it, he wasn't tortured.
Steve rubbed his hand in a nervous gesture. It was a dubious lead, but it was the only one he had. There was an obsessive thought jumping around Steve's head: if this concerned scientists, maybe, Tony was also involved. Was that why he didn't come back?
"I honestly didn't want to offend you in any way," he said, after finding the ba in a room small like a pencil case dedicated to the video collection. "But I'm afraid your master won't believe me."
"What's on his chest?" asked Pepper, and immediately continued, "no, don't answer that. I know you can't ask artists things like that. Alright." She looked at her elegant silver watch and pushed the hair back from her forehead. "When Tony comes back, tell him he's an ass, but I still got us the financing. And tell him not to call me today."
"And here you are," repeated Stark, deep on thought. "Commander, captains, you know I had no opportunity to conspire with Jarvis. Now do you believe me?"
Hank raised his gaze, and Steve nodded. Scientists, like Hank, Reed, and even Tony, were closed off and headstrong, they could run away any moment to pursue an idea or a thought they had. Nobody would blink an eye, if they suddenly rushed off to a conference at five o'clock in the morning. Nobody would notice.
Tony didn't answer his phone, but he did call back just a few moments later. Steve didn't even have time to put his phone down.
"I had no instructions about that," he hummed. "Just not to let you onto the crash site. My bosses don't particularly like you, as you know."
"Yes. Should I leave?" answered the girl, opening her eyes. They were strange, too light and bright.
"You don't know, then." Steve noticed that Bruce's knuckles turned white from how hard he was squeezing the wheel. "Or you’re dumb enough to jump into a beast's cage." He paused. "Get comfortable, Steve, we're going to drive for a while."
Steve opened his eyes as soon as the car stopped. The day was coming to an end. It was enough of the little light that was there to see that they were on a hill with a few rocks around.
"I see," said Tony. "Steve, can you imagine that I talked to a shrink? He did some Jedi stuff to me," he waved his hand in the air, "these are not the scientists you need. You work for me now. You're going to do everything I tell you."
Stark fell asleep on notepads stacked on the stationary comm. That construction didn’t work well as a pillow, so the ghem-lord's mood upon waking up was far from ideal.
"Then, the ba used the right mailbox, but somebody stole the invitations," Stark announced, clearly irritated. "My perfume smells of weapons, including the one that's used for sprinkling letters, as per tradition. Somebody really didn't want the two of us talking more than couldn't be avoided. Continue, Jarvis."
Before, Steve would have to climb into a giant vaguely human-shaped metal box, strap himself in, put the helmet on, and only then he could start. Now, though, everything would be different.
"It was here since Howard's time. Then I started using it to get heavy parts to the roof. A couple of years ago." Tony's voice got thoughtful. "Not much of an adventure to get stuck in an elevator in a mansion with three floors, right?"
"And how did it get onto a presumably guarded site? Who gave him the codes, especially multi-level ones?" asked Clint, who, before now, seemed to be pretending a piece of furniture with a piercing gaze.
Hank looked at him, and Steve recognized the carefree expression on his face. Like he felt whole, connected to the armor, the euphoria of getting to test his inventions kept Hank completely unaware of the world around him.
There was a mirror on the wall in an old scratched wooden frame. Steve was undressing, getting ready to go to bed and didn't think about anything at all, when his gaze fell on the smooth surface of it. Dim room lights almost overshadowed the glow of the reactor, but the shadows still put on display his scars and bones sticking out. Steve learned a while ago that he didn't look too small or skinny for the twenty first century, not enough to make him stand out, at least. Janet even remarked once that he looked like a programming student and all he was missing was a pair of glasses. But Steve was used to being ashamed of his body. He was used to thinking himself not strong and tough enough. It didn't have anything to do with the reactor – the reactor was just something he needed for his work, but now even that became something alien, ugly and completely useless.
"I would offer you to stay at my estate on Eta Ceta, but I'm afraid, my mother's wish to study you will overcome her common sense. I wonder if she had any idea that my father, who wasn't dead at all, took part in making you what you are? The more I think about it, the more I'm inclined to believe my parents were leading me by the nose my whole life. Not the most pleasant understanding."
The car swerved to the side and raised a storm of dust, coming down the sideway. Steve turned the wheel to avoid driving into a tree, and Bruce pushed the brake pedal so abruptly, that Steve got pushed into the dashboard.
"What?" answered Steve. He could feel the almost evaluating gaze of the man with his skin and tried to ignore it.
"Not quite," Stark looked at Steve, as if expecting a confirmation of his words from a Barrayaran. Captain Rogers' felt his lips move with an answer:
"I met doctor Banner," he said, cheerfully. "Doctor Banner ungraciously threw up at the sight of me, but I can’t blame him."
"Already," Tony sighed and sat across from him. "I seriously considered the responsibility demanded by the task we’re about to accomplish, sobered up and slept. Now I need coffee." He yawned, covering his mouth with his fist. "How do people sleep at night? That's so damn uncomfortable."
"Alright, let's go to Athos. I'd wager we'll get another piece of the puzzle and a new stack of dispatches."
They stopped next to a shabby unremarkable house that looked like it got turned inside out and dragged a few feet in the air. It was likely the village was once a sizeable town, but the decay or lack of money stripped away its former grandeur. It was a really weird place for a scientist, but a great one if you wanted to disappear without a trace.
"What reaction were you expecting, then?" Steve said, irritated. "You told her something about an explosion, called her here, there are cars all around, and this room..." he sighed. "Is that Hank's blood?"
"What kind of duty his father could die in the line of during peacetime? Or was it the third war with us? No, couldn't be it, they still don't have the concept of posthumous children," Stark muttered, interested, and immediately rewarded with yet another task the ba that returned with a new stack of useful documents. The ba nodded and left to search for the file. Stark felt an irrational urge to apologize, but suppressed it: the ba wouldn't understand. Genetically modified genderless servants of haut were absolutely loyal to their mistresses, but didn't express a wide range of emotional responses – or so everyone believed. Stark himself often thought that his mother's ba, while fulfilling his every whim exactly, was often sarcastic in his responses. Though as of now, he hasn’t managed to catch the creature in the act.
It was a pointless rhetorical question, but Steve just wanted to hear his own voice. Tony didn't answer. He leaned down and pulled something from under the chair. Upon seeing it, Steve automatically tried to crawl back.
Steve had a thought that Janet would make a good soldier and immediately berated himself for it. Janet allowed him his bout of paranoia and gave in to her emotions only when they were inside the flat.
Steve didn't know how many laws Solomon was breaking just by being himself, but he supposed it was a crazy lot of them. Solomon wasn't a bad person, though. He was just different.
"When he shuts himself down in the workshop like that," she said, her voice almost emotionless, "it means something's bothering him. That's the way he deals with things going wrong."
"What happened?" Steve asked again, more insistent this time. He leaned forward, touched her chin softly and raised her head. "Hey, look at me. Janet? Talk to me."
"Absolutely," assured him Tony. "I'll get you a microscope if you don't believe me, but seriously, from a guy with a reactor in his chest..."
He was breathing in a peculiar way; Steve saw that technique before, being used to calm people down.
"That's a sophisticated enough intrigue for our Constellation," Tony nodded. "Are you going to tell us, what's next? I never liked quests."
"Let's not talk about your father, now," Steve breathed out, wondering if Stark had a chance to poison him with an aphrodisiac. One that works through contact, for example. He never wanted anyone as much as he wanted him. "And I'm not going to fight, just... are you sure?"
The screen in front of his eyes showed all exists from the mansion and traced the road to the lab, following his unvoiced command. Steve stood up, carefully, recalling all Tony's pointers, but as he rose few feet in the air, it turned out to be easier just to follow his well-trained instincts – the armor was listening, following his every order the moment Steve relaxed enough to take charge of it.
"This is going to take a while without the special products," Stark warned and, excusing himself, turned around, starting to torture his face with the wipes. About seven minutes later, apparently satisfied with the results of a tactile examination of his face, he turned around and gave them a less confident smile, obviously feeling the lack of the face paint. Natasha looked at him curiously: she's never seen a Cetagandan without their face paint before, and now it turned out a cleaned ghem-lord wasn't all that different from a vor-lord, if you don't take into account the hair.
Steve opened his eyes and discovered that he was leaning on a doorframe and pressing his hand to the reactor. Instead of answering, he just shook his head back and forth in an unsure gesture.
The silence on the other end of the armor was oppressive and wrong. Letting his fear get the best of him, Steve stood up and felt the parts of the armor assemble around him. He breathed in, slowly, and breathed out.
"Besides me, the Colonel and those guys? Clint. Maybe, Fury's direct superiors. Your Cetagandan is also aware, I'm guessing," she added, quite perceptively. "The mercenaries won't be able to share that sacred knowledge with anyone for quite a while, but... Well, you'll be better off disappearing in an unknown direction. The Colonel told me to say that you'll be able to come back when he'll be completely sure that nobody'll try to disassemble you to build an army of undefeatable soldiers with your example."
"During the Second World War, the government was going to start a project named Rebirth. A serum, enhancing people's strength."
"Of course, they do. General Ross is hunting me since... since that time," he breathed in again and let the air out through his clenched teeth. "Hulk hates him."
"But it's still really inconvenient," he muttered, sipping coffee from the thermos. "I'll make it truly portable someday, no cases, no heaps of metal, I just forget about it all the time..." His fingers twitched, and the picture on the screen changed.
"And now we're right in the middle of interstellar intrigue that started at least a century ago, if not earlier. Our galaxy is full of people with peculiarities that you're not supposed to mention, your father is alive and leading the most weird boarding school I've ever seen, and he knows my superior who's probably not who he seems to be."
The last half a year, he would describe his mood and state as 'not happy'. He wasn't happy about the wound, he wasn't happy about the rehabilitation, and more than anything he wasn't happy about being transferred to the headquarters. He wasn’t used to banquets and mingling, and intrigues, even if he learned how to deal with all of that. Now, there were those Cetagandans. As if the Escobarans and the Komarrans weren't enough of a problem, already.
Steve was always scared of tears – more than he was scared of the attacks in the forties or teenaged gangs in his youth. He tried to move away, but Janet squeezed his arm and he had to sit down next to her chair and hug her.
"Maybe, I'm just trying to be polite," Tony grimaced and moved away, leaning on the wall behind Steve's shoulder. "How do you like the party?"
"Jarvis, I need data on the admission to their... how's that institution called? Military academy? Well, the place where they train officers. For the last ten years," the ghem gave yet another task to his servant. "Then you can rest."
There was no need to explain what he meant. Steve sighed, pulled up his t-shirt showing the reactor. Then he thought for a moment and just took it all the way off, shivering in the cold air.
"So will I. By the way, we're jumping to Komarr and then to Rho Ceta after all, so, no need to raise the alarm."
"It's okay," Steve said as confidently as he could. "You'll see, Hank just went out, and they'll find him, and you'll be laughing about it in no time."
The conversation wasn't going the way Steve wanted to, he wanted to explain himself, not to argue, but he didn't seem to be able to do anything about it. Irritation and arousal were so mixed up in him that he just couldn't calm down and get a grip. Watching half-naked and equally angry Tony didn't help with it either. He tried to breathe and wanted to close his eyes, but something stopped him from breaking eye-contact.
Hulk grimaced, as if this whole thing was annoying him, and reached out his hand. Grasping it, Steve had a thought that Hulk could just press his fist and break Steve like a doll. He could only hope Hulk wouldn't do that. Hulk raised Steve, looked around and put the man on his shoulders.
"It's you who needs help," Bruce raised his face. It was twisted either in pain, or fury, even his eyes looked almost swampy green, the anger in his voice almost tangible. He looked nothing like a calm, soft man, almost too kind at times that Steve was used to.
When Bucky was warming up his little self like this, Steve fell asleep and woke up still sick, but at least without a fever. Now, he couldn't even think of falling asleep next to Stark, but even the restless Cetagandan wasn't sleeping, so the Captain started listing regulation articles in his head. Then, started thinking about purposes of this strange game between their empires and who, beyond Baron Fell, could be involved.
The lock and the handle gave up at the same time, so, with deafening racket and clang of the door, now lopsided, a wet and blue-ish ghem-lord fell out.
"I watched Lion King with Reed," Steve tried to excuse Ben, but Tony just shook his head, absent-mindedly stirring the coffee.
He came back to it on a small couch, but didn't even have time to get up – someone's hands pushed him down again.
But then, as if from far away, Steve could feel pressure growing and his skin starting to itch. He breathed out, in relief. He hardly knew what to do now, though, he didn’t plan that far ahead, and now he could only wait for Tony to notice and make his move.
"I wasn't thinking anything," Tony snorted. "I don't think, at all. Okay, let's give it another go. If it doesn't go well – tell me."
"I think that was exactly what happened," she gave a cautious answer, cursing herself in her thoughts for not doing such an obvious thing as checking the first responder. "The case was transferred to me two hours ago. I'll find out the details."
"Well, I'm neither young, nor frail, but I am more than just cold," Tony let out his hand from under the blanket and maliciously touched Steve's neck. "So, to be honest, I can't find it in myself to care about propriety, I'm going to wrap myself around you and get warm. Like a snake on a stone."
Stark leaned back, stretched his legs and pulled the strand of hair that was falling on his face all the time.
Before that moment, Steve was watching the phone with caution, like an enemy. He didn't understand how these things were supposed to work. He didn't really have friends; his relationships with people rarely crossed a line of friendly acquaintanceship. He had a girlfriend once, ages ago, in that different world, but even calling her that was reaching too far. Steve just started courting her when the war started, and that's where the relationship ended. Gail firmly announced she wasn't going to wait, and Steve... Steve got the reactor and the armor. Even now, talking to Tony, he often felt awkward and couldn’t properly speak, feeling like he was about to ruin everything with a single word. The thought that Steve was getting into something that was impossible to predict increased with every passing day.
After a few hours of explosions, intergalactic wars and laser swords (Steve belatedly understood a few jokes he heard before) his head started hurting, and the glasses uncomfortably rubbed the bridge of his nose. He was going to ask how to turn it off, but when he turned to Tony, he discovered him sleeping. His internal clock was probably insisting it's nighttime, and loud noises from the dynamics were quieter than nature's call.
Tony laughed, quietly and happy, like a person who just solved a whole lot of his problems, and put his hands under Steve's t-shirt.
"True. It does ruin the taste somewhat, though." Steve gave him an even bigger smile. "I'm still owed an answer, Consul. I think now's the time for me to ask my question."
The Consul's ship was hovering next to a wormhole tunnel leading to Komarr, so Steve had an opportunity to talk to Natasha directly, even if there's been some delay. Stark, on the other hand, had to compile a long message that would get compressed and sent towards Eta Ceta through a series of tunnels, so he was suffering, trying to describe the news of the last couple of days and his own revelations into appropriate poetic form. Steve watched him for a while, sympathizing with the poor man having to count his syllables, and sat in front of a terminal. A couple of lines of code, two redirections and the Commander's stern face appeared on the screen.
"Then you're under arrest for aiding a war criminal," the man announced, finally. "Put your gun down and surrender."
"You were gone for twenty minutes," Tony touched his face, without the glove on this time. Steve felt the touch but distantly, as if it was coming through thousand filters. "If I did everything right, your neural system should be adjusting now. It'll take... it took me ten minutes, but as for you... well, you can blink already. That's something."
"Captain Rogers, has anyone ever told you that you're a spoilsport?" Captain Vorbarton's tone sounded almost official. He was usually such a fun and bright person, so easy-going, that a lot of people mistakenly presumed him to be shallow.
"Finally, you’re back," said Tony, not taking his eyes off the newspaper. "I was waiting for half an hour, even had time to repair the TV. You did know it was broken, right?"
They managed to get to the front door, and Ben was just putting the key in the lock, when they heard a loud exclamation: "Where are you going?"
Steve didn't want to talk about anything, but the silence was clearly driving Tony crazy. It was driving him crazy, too. Being able to concentrate on waiting was useful during the war, but now it was just annoying and almost physically painful.
"I think, the formula was wrong, not the person, if it's any consolation," Bruce said, slowly. "The man is complete the way he created, and scientists should learn to suffocate their god complex before it grows. If I understood this before..."
He just spent a few minutes talking to a pretty girl, and was already giving away war secrets. Great.
Before Steve could say anything at all, Reed quickly threw up his hands. The act looked laughably awkward.
Steve thought they wasted a horrible amount of time on learning things they absolutely didn't need to learn, but actually, the sun was just rising. It was a few hours before noon, and, standing on the terrace, Steve watched sunlight pass through thick tree crowns.
Steve sat up now, with his feet on the soft carpet, quickly gathered his clothes and put the pants on.
Steve woke up abruptly. He was feeling weird, like he was swimming through dense warm water that hugged his body like a wet blanket. It felt like a start of a nightmare – the one you can escape from only by tearing yourself away from the bed. He tried, but the water was not letting him go, and then Steve finally opened his eyes the bright light of medical lamps immediately assaulted him, making him fall back onto the chair. He tried to turn his head and couldn't, he tried to say something and couldn't open his lips. His body wasn't obeying him.
