He turned back to the footage before him, and steepled his fingers below his chin as he started to form a plan.
The older man would not allow him to finish the sentence as he nibbled on John's lips, sucked on his tongue and massaged it with his own, making John feel dizzy and unfocused.
No doubt some very none-vague and colourful phrases would be used to describe him. The thought made him smile.
Sherlock had learned that there are moments that bring you back home. He learned this in an instant, his eyes locking with deep blue eyes that he hadn’t seen in years. It was in that moment he knew that home would always be with John Watson.
Using spit-slicked fingers Sherlock opened John up tortuously slow one digit at a time. The Younger man moaned aloud with each brush across his prostate begging for release.
to sell John anything, be he under Sherlock's employment, or one of his rivals', Sherlock would rip them to shreds.
The thought of John and Baker Street had been his only comfort during the long nights that had stretched infinitely in front of him while he was dismantling Moriarty’s web. He would spend endless hours of waiting in his Mind Palace, wandering the rooms that held his memories of John. He would look over each detail, keeping notes separately of each fact he needed to check when they were reunited. It was as if his memories of John had become a crime scene, and Sherlock had to turn over each piece of evidence looking for clues, for anything he may have missed.
He knew he should probably head straight for the shower, but the heat of the walk back had made him thirsty so John walked through the large tastefully decorated sitting room and into the sleek modern kitchen, his socked feet cooling a bit on the tiled floor.
“I should very much like to fuck you, Sherlock, would you like that? Have you had a cock in you before?”
Sherlock found his mind would start to wander; he would no longer be looking over the facts. When this became a regular occurrence, he created a new section in his Mind Palace. It was a replica of 221B. It didn’t hold memories, but plans and hopes and dreams. In this flat the upstairs room was a lab, here Sherlock would place the future experiments he needed to conduct. He now knew that he had an incomplete index of torture techniques. John would come home with the shopping and kiss him on the forehead as he made his way to the kitchen. They would sit on the sofa, cuddling together to watch crap telly. At night Sherlock would always go to bed with John in their room.
But here now, bent over John's desk with his fatigues around his ankles and his hands cuffed behind his back, slightly drooling onto the pages of his medical report, sweating and panting, the younger man was subdued.
"And you are absolutely..." He purred against John's skin as he mouthed along his jaw and down the side of his throat.
Sherlock broke free of John’s hold and rolled onto his back, still half under John’s body. Both of their erections had flagged since the shock of Sherlock’s back, but Sherlock was determined to finish what they had started. He reached up to John’s shirt and tugged the hem.
John Watson was a generous lover. Sherlock did not know this from personal experience, but had conducted an in depth analysis of previous girlfriends, and a very talkative army mate, on the matter. At the time Sherlock had convinced himself that he was just being thorough in checking the background of a potential flat mate; his lies were less convincing now.
Beads of sweat roll down his back and at his temples. The palms of his hands blazing where they're in contact with Sherlock's skin, one hand still grabbing at his arse, the other holding a firm grip on Sherlock's hip. The younger man's back exposed after John had pushed his shirt up to bunch under his arms, his pale skin covered in a sheen of sweat that John just wants to lick off of every inch.
"Yes, that's the point!" Sherlock snaps, the haughty tone he was going for breaking when his breath hitches as a result of a particularly well-angled thrust.
Sherlock started being more physical with Victor after that. Holding hands on the sofa, letting his hand linger on Victor’s leg. Victor took it slow, reciprocating Sherlock’s actions, leaving space for him to make the next move. A bottle of scotch preceded their first kiss (this time around). Sherlock not quite brave enough to try it sober. It ended with Sherlock straddling Victor’s lap, grinding against him, tears streaming down his face as they kissed.
John’s forwardness took the breath out of Sherlock. Each time he went to answer only a small moan would escape his lips. It took all of his determination to push out of John’s arms and roll to his front, pushing his ass up in the air waiting for John to take from him what he wanted.
John Hamish Watson, the most confounding human being on the planet. Sherlock could never understand what it was about this young man that fascinated him so.
He grabbed John's arse, and pressed their groins together, causing both men to groan at the friction.
Just then he saw John return to the bar through the door leading to the storage room, and his heart leaped in his chest right before his mind came to an abrupt halt.
He was just about to reach for a tea-towel to wipe up the spill when he noticed the complete lack of response or movement from the doorway and turned to the older man curiously.
"I've been waiting for you, you know, for a while now," John said breaking the comfortable silence between them. His gaze was firmly on his drink though his foot remained between Sherlock's own feet, his toe rubbing against Sherlock's arch.
It wasn't him. John knew it wasn't him, but his knees wobbled and his heart skipped a beat before going into overdrive anyway.
It was a bit further and positioned so that it caught the opening to the alley in the top right corner.
He gave John an obnoxious smile and started to rubs his fingers into John's hair working up suds and breaking up the remains of dried mud.
John was exhausted. He'd spent all last night revising and gulping down Redbull after Redbull just to stay awake. Then went to uni this morning and poured every fact he'd memorized onto the paper in front of him, finishing his exam in just enough time for a two-hour kip before racing out the door for his shift.
Sherlock groaned out loud at his own lack of will power (and pathetic drug-analogy), and opened the tab on his laptop that showed the view of the club bar.
Sometimes they looked steely grey, sometimes baby blue, sometimes they were the most fascinating shade of green or turquoise, and sometimes standing at attention, if the sun hit them just right, those eyes would burn with a white light completely colourless, and terrifyingly beautiful.
"I'm all muddy and sweaty right now, just lemme shower first so I don't-" John could now feel his face burning in embarrassment at the confession.
John looked up as a flash of pain crossed Sherlock's face and then quickly schooled into indifference. He drained his glass and leaned forward to fill both glasses with another two fingers of whiskey.
Then Sherlock began to move, at first slowly, just rocking his hips to get used to the sensation. Then he straightened his spine, steadying himself between the two chairs, and began to ride John. He set a brutal pace, the time for slow and gentle was behind them. Sherlock wasn’t even certain how John had not yet come.
He wasn’t ready to hear that John had moved out of 221B Baker Street. He wasn’t ready to see John going over his proposal to another person at the restaurant. He wasn’t ready to go home alone, face bloody and bruised, heart torn into small jagged pieces.
A small gasp passed John’s lips, then gentle hands began caressing pale skin, beginning on the soft globes of his ass and moving up and down, each stroke covering more skin. It didn’t cross Sherlock’s mind until too late, so distracted he had become by John’s touch that any thought of self-preservation was gone. One moment he was lost to his senses and the next John was pushing up his shirt as his hand roamed up further, completely exposing Sherlock’s back to John.
Sherlock had learned that there are moments that can drastically change the course of your life. He learned this much too late, not being one who thought on such things before The Fall. It wasn’t until he found himself alone at 221B surrounded by folded napkins and seating charts that he realized, though he had accomplished his goal, his life could never go back to how it had been before, the life that he had with John Watson.
Sherlock bent over John grabbing his chin in one hand as he stared deep into the younger man's eyes. His gaze moving back and forth between John's eyes as if searching for something. For a moment the older man's eyes seemed to flash with something feral and almost burn with intensity making John inhale sharply, before they softened again and Sherlock smiled at him tenderly.
John having leaned on Seb, had caught more of the mess than the older man, who chuckled as he wiped at the front of John's t-shirt while John zipped his jeans back up.
Sherlock seemed to have disappeared somewhere and while waiting for his return John closed his eyes and started singing the stupid pop song under his breath again.
John continued running his lips up and down Sherlock's neck, one hand gripped his curls, the other held firm on his waist. Sherlock opened his knees further to allow John to press his body closer.
John broke away to catch his breath and gasped as Sebastian moved his lips under his jaw to nip at the skin there.
John?" Mycroft inquired, trying and failing to sound as calm as he wanted Sherlock to believe he was.
He wrapped one large hand around both of their cocks making John whimper and grab at the collar of his t-shirt as he started to pump his hand up and down their lengths.
It was gentle yet eager, and demanding, and inescapable, and John melted into it as he let go and gave into the older man's control.
"Sorry for startling you. This seemed like a quiet place to get away from the noise in there." He motioned towards the club with his head as he brought up a lighter with one hand and used the other to shield it from the light wind whipping through the alley and lit his cigarette.
Things ended amicably after graduation, as relationships do when one partner has been destined to work in family business overseas and the other won’t leave London. So when Sherlock saw Victor sitting at his table he didn't huff and leave in a swirl of Belstaff while cursing Mycroft, he continued in and sat down, ordering the most expensive bottle of wine.
This time the gasp from John was not one of excitement but of horror. Laid out on Sherlock’s back was a series of deep red lines and bruises. Sherlock tried to sit up or at the very least pull the shirt back down to cover the mess of his back, but John gently held his wrists and assessed the skin before him.
He quickly moved back in between John's splayed thighs and pushed him back so he lay the counter-top as Sherlock started to lick every inch of his exposed skin.
Sherlock pulled out his own aching erection and lined himself up with John's entrance as he started stroking the younger man's cock fast and tight.
“No!” Sherlock shouted. He quickly grabbed John’s wrists to keep his hands in place. John lowered his head back down with a chuckle, this time giving the small, hard length the attention it deserved. Sherlock’s hands moved up to John’s head and grasped at the short blonde hair.
He knew precisely what to say and how to behave like the perfectly reformed trainee, but it was clear he never meant any of it and just gave them all what was expected of him until it was time for him to leave.
He bunched the material of John's t-shirt in the fist of one hand and ripped the label off with the other.
Sherlock answered by pressing his hips back against the still very hard cock. John ran his hands under Sherlock’s shirt, gently caressing every inch of his torso. He continued to lavish Sherlock’s neck with wet kisses and began gently grinding his cock against Sherlock’s supple ass in response. One by one, John slipped the buttons of Sherlock’s shirt free and parted the fabric to expose his chest.
"Vodka." The man repeated a bit louder in order to be heard better over the noise of the crowd and the music in the club "That's my order."
When he couldn't hold himself back anymore John stood up straight again, moving both of his hands to grip hard at Sherlock's hips. He began to increase his pace, thrusting into Sherlock faster and faster till his own orgasm washed through him and he buried himself in the younger man's body with a cry.
So when John got a job at a well known club in London (making sure beforehand that Sherlock was not the owner, nor had any association with them), Sherlock had immediately arranged a meeting with said owner, and made him a very handsome offer. Paying him keep everything just the way it is, including his own job, and income, while any changes in staff or security would have to now go through Sherlock and him alone. No-one need know the sale of ownership ever even happened, certainly not the bar staff. In this way he could make sure John was safe at work and getting paid properly while allowing him to see the younger man almost every day on live feed from his laptop or phone.
“John, what are you doing?” Sherlock panted out as John’s hand began to undo the buckle on Sherlock’s belt.
With a soft kiss to John's neck Sherlock stood up tucking himself away and refastening his trousers. He pulled John to stand as well and guided him to their en-suite.
With his hands completely full he looked back into the refrigerator and greedily snatched a pack of cheese as well before closing the refrigerator door with his elbow and heading for the large butcher-block in the center of the kitchen with the intention of putting together the most incredible sandwich the world had ever known while singing out those damned lyrics again.
Sherlock who'd apparently had enough of waiting around for a straight answer simply climbed onto John's lap, wound his arms around the back of his neck and kissed him.
"John?" Sebastian asked, though what he was asking was beyond John as his brain seemed to stop processing anything at all, until he suddenly felt Sebastian press their lips together.
John giggled till is stomach hurt. He took in a deep breath to calm down, feeling as though there wasn't a muscle left in his body that wasn't sore.
" John gasped, his fingers digging into Seb's t-shirt and scratching at his chest through the material, making Seb growl.
Beyond their heavy breaths John could hear the bass of the music in the club, cars and shouts of people on the street just outside the alley, he could even hear Jeremy's voice shouting out orders to the other bartenders being carried out through the storage room and out the open door.
He pushed deep into John in one smooth thrust, barely letting him adjust before pulling out again and building up a punishing rhythm.
But before John could move away and head towards the shower he felt one large hand press against his chest and another curl under his chin, tilting his face to meet the older man's eyes.
"Please Sherlock" He pleaded, gasping at another teasing touch. "Pleasepleaseplease ohChristplease..."
Sebastian groaned and wound his arm around John's waist, pulling him closer and and maneuvering them both till he was pressing John against the alley wall, their kiss becoming more heated and desperate.
John suddenly felt vaguely ill. It wasn't that he'd ever liked the idea of Sherlock hopelessly imprisoned here, or that he had ever though Sherlock incapable of the mind and will needed to break out. But the thought of Sherlock staying in the camp, staying with
to run into, or  any of his many employees that John didn't know (including his homeless network, who John knew nothing about) were still negotiable.
He opened a new tab for the club's recorded feed and began to play the footage of the bar from the beginning of John's shift.
John felt Sherlock's hand reach under his shirt, the older man's palms pressing against his flushed skin, rubbing up his sides as if to remove his shirt and he quickly pulled away with a gasp.
This posh little git had taken any bashing both verbal and physical, completed every task he was given, and endured any punishment brought down on him, all without flinching and with an air of superiority that had all of the commanding officers and supervisors in the camp wanting to rip his throat out. He never truly backed down.
Sherlock hadn't pushed to have it fixed as he had no reason to suspect John ever go there (which he now realized was wrong, meaning he could have watched John on his breaks, as well as at work behind the bar!), and despite the substantially large sums the club made weekly, he never worried himself about it being robbed - especially not since the door was heavily secured by a first grade security system, and no one smart enough, or operating a crew big enough to pull off a major heist would steal from
He leaned forward and reached for Sherlock's hands, gently massaging his wrists where the handcuffs had dug into his skin and looked up to the younger man's face curiously.
John sat back and rested his head against the rim of the tub letting his heavy limbs soak in the warmth of the water.
There was no rush. Victor was content with what Sherlock could give and Sherlock never pushed for more. Then one night, Sherlock woke from a dream. It was the first time he hadn’t been dreaming of John.
"So I'm not so.... gross." His eyes were focused on a splash of mud right above his left sock, not wanting to see Sherlock's reaction to the reminder that he was just an ordinary flesh and blood and sweat and morning breath human being and nowhere near as perfect as the god among men standing before him.
John pulled back from the kiss, reveling in the indignant whine escaping Sherlock's mouth as he did so.
"Dear God what on earth is that?" Sherlock's baritone broke his sleepy sing-song trance and John opened his eyes to see the older man putting his dirty rugby clothes in the hamper.
Still holding the open bottle of juice John grabbed the leftovers, a tomato, a jar of mayonnaise, a jar of mustard, and a pack of bread rolls.
He came with a grunt pulling John's hair where he'd weaved his fingers through it and spilling over his hand adding to the mess between them.
He could feel his cheeks and neck heating and hoped the flush wasn't too visible, only to feel it deepen when the man's lips curled into an amused smirk and the glint in his eyes turned downright predatory.
" The older man said calmly and soothingly as he lifted John's chin and rubbed his fingers along John's cheek, but the younger man couldn't meet his gaze.
Nothing had broken Sherlock throughout all these months. John didn't believe that anything could, at least he hoped not.
Sherlock could picture him sitting on the floor with a heavy textbook in his lap, his notes laid out all around him, sipping at those disgusting energy drinks to keep him awake.
"Hmm?" John hummed, lifting his head back up to face Sherlock, trying to seem like he was listening and not dying inside.
Sherlock could feel John’s cock so hard and pressing against him, yet he didn’t know if he should move or return the favor. For so long John had claimed he was not gay that this evenings events turned his view of John upside down. No longer was he unattainable, yet Sherlock knew there was a possibility that this would not last beyond the night.
His tall, bone-thin frame weighed down underneath a heavy leather jacket and even heavier pout. His dark t-shirt and skin-tight jeans at complete contrast with his ivory skin making it seem to almost glow. A riot of ebony curls surrounding his face like a dark halo, making his sharp cheekbones stand out.
Sherlock finally ended the tedious conference call he'd been stuck on with the Serbians for the past three hours.
Pressing a kiss to John's brow Sherlock pushed the plate of food towards the young man and then sat back and watched as he ate.
“Please,” Sherlock moaned, “more, I need—“ he broke off with a cry and John leaned down and took the soft cock completely into his mouth. Sherlock gripped the arms of the chair, uncertain if he wanted to pull away or push further into the wet heat of John’s mouth. He could feel his cock begin to lengthen as John swirled his tongue around and slowly pulled his head back until just the foreskin was trapped between his lips. John’s hand came up to hold the base of Sherlock’s cock and he began to suck gently just at the head, giving too much attention and not enough attention all at once.
“But he’s an old man,” I objected again. “Surely he would not have the strength to push a strapping young soldier from a window. My friend was not a slight fellow and he was in the prime of life.”
“Leave me,” he mumbled, turning his disfigured countenance to the wall. “I have nothing to say to you or to the police.
It was Holmes’ turn to flinch, I saw with a savage pleasure, as my blow hit home. Then I paused, appalled, as it occurred to me that only an hour ago Holmes had ripped his hands to shreds saving my life, and now we were tearing each other apart.
“I wired him this morning to inform him that a break-in had been attempted in the night. I sent it soon before I wrote to you. His response arrived not half an hour before you did. I assumed it meant that I should not expect you or he would have charged you to deliver the message in person.”
When I had stripped him, laying soft kisses on the planes of his compact chest and the bunched muscles of his arms as I did so, I pushed him back onto the bed and took him in my mouth, tasting the salty sweet evidence of his need. As I ministered to him, he took one of my hands and sucked two of my fingers into his mouth, laving them with his tongue. For a few seconds, his movements echoed mine in a sublime duet, before he guided my damp fingers where he wanted them. His eyes were closed, and I allowed myself to stare at the breath-taking angles of his face as I slowly eased a finger inside him. He waited, uncharacteristically patient, as I retrieved the small tin of Vaseline from my medical kit and sighed softly when I returned to my task, studying the rapt look on his face and enjoying his unprecedented submission as I slowly fed the fire of his need until he was biting his lip and thrusting urgently against two of my fingers and I was certain that he was ready for me.
“Have no fear, my dear friend,” he said. “Not one of the qualities that you characterise as vices has ever made me like you any the less and I’ll wager there is not a man on earth who thinks you either weak or broken, save only for you yourself.”
“It was necessary,” the infuriating man said, sounding only slightly abashed. “Believe me when I say that I did not enjoy my empty bed, knowing that you were only a few streets away, but it was imperative that I pursued a few leads unremarked. Your presence – which succeeded in raising the alarm everywhere and so attracting the attention of everyone I wished to have distracted – was invaluable.”
I felt Holmes’ hand fumbling at my chest and then he was gripping me tightly, both hands clenched like iron around my upper arms.
A familiar, jovial face appeared at Holmes’ shoulder. The rotund inspector, who I had always found to be an energetic and cheerful man, making up for a lack of natural ingenuity with a tireless enthusiasm for his work, looked unusually grave. At Bradstreet’s side stood Whitney, who appeared alert and exited and remarkably steady on his feet.
“Thank you, but that is not in the least necessary,” I insisted. “I am merely tired after our recent exertions. I will retire now. A good night's rest will take care of things. I'll see you in the morning.”
I awoke suddenly from a deep sleep what felt like only minutes later. I had been dreaming of Holmes, who had been looking at me with wicked eyes as he caressed me in a private train carriage, and my body had responded predictably. When I found myself engulfed by something warm and wet and achingly familiar, I thought for an instant that it was part of the dream, before jerking awake as I realised that the pleasurable sensation was all too real.
“How long?” I asked, allowing my eyes to roam over him, from his swollen lips, to the bruises that I saw with a guilty thrill marred the soft skin of his thighs, corresponding to the size and shape of my hands.
Holmes and I had been living together for several months and I had accompanied him on half a dozen of his cases when an incident occurred that threatened to upset the comfortable friendship we had built. One evening, after supper, Holmes and I were sitting by the fire. I was feeling relaxed and lethargic after several glasses of wine and Holmes was fiddling with his violin, not playing but engaged in the process of changing a string. He had removed his waistcoat, collar and cuffs and rolled up his shirtsleeves, and as he fed the string through the peg and began to tighten it, I was enjoying the sight of his dextrous hands at work and admiring his delicately muscled forearms, covered with a down of fine, dark hair. I confess my thoughts had begun to wander, and I was busy trying to image what Holmes’ slender back and finely shaped chest might look like under his shirt, when I came back to myself to realise that he had abruptly ceased working on his violin and was staring at me, observing with his calculating gaze the way that my eyes were fixed on him. Startled, I coughed and looked away. From the corner of my eye, I saw him swiftly roll down his sleeves, as though disturbed by my gaze.
When John kisses him softly on the shoulder and slides off the bed to go and take a shower, Sherlock lies back and thinks. He wants to say it, he discovers. Just once, to know what saying it would feel like. After all, people say it all the time, let three little words dictate the direction of their whole lives and alter their behaviour. It’s nonsense, obviously. He’s always known that. It’s not like he hasn’t said it before, when he felt it was necessary or useful. People get so worked up about these things. But maybe saying it to John would be different? It would be an interesting experiment just to say it once, to himself, as though John were listening.
He was still holding me when, much later, I finally succeeded in falling asleep, still wondering whose opinion it was that Holmes valued above mine – and how I had not known that there was any man in London smarter than the one I loved.
He shifted so that he was lying beside me and could look into my eyes, his face inches away on the same pillow.
By the time Holmes and I set out to meet Miss Morstan that evening, I had had time to reflect on my situation. My growing attraction to Holmes had begun to threaten the semblance of a life I had managed to build, and I determined that I had urgently to take steps to ensure that an incident of the sort that had passed between us the previous evening should not happen again. I fancied I had not misread the look in Miss Morstan’s eyes as she left the interview with Holmes and I determined that the best possible course of action for both my own and Holmes’ future happiness was to find out for sure. Though I knew myself to be a shadow of my former self – a failed doctor with a feeble mind and a feebler bank account – if Miss Morstan were indeed enamoured of me, I should be a fool to pass up the chance of seeing where our mutual interest might lead.
He spoke of us together in such easy tones that I was loathe to respond but I steeled myself and told him, somewhat haltingly, that I had been charged to make the journey to Woking alone.
“Oh for god’s sake. This again?” Sherlock drawls. John’s irrationality is infuriating. “You’re the one who joined the army. You’re the one who has an intermittent tremor that’s triggered by not being in danger. If anyone here has a death wish, it’s you.”
“You saw a friend at the window and so you forced your way inside and broke down the door?” the man said incredulously. I could not fault his suspicion.
“Drink that and then call Lestrade,” John says, as he picks up the thriller he’s left on the arm of his chair, its splayed pages putting unacceptable strain on the spine. Sherlock would remind him what an abominable way that is to treat a book were the novel not complete drivel. Unworthy of the paper it’s written on. Detective novels. How can John stand to read them? And why does Sherlock find his interest in them strangely appealing?
“It's a mystery,” Holmes said. He was standing beside me, looking at the body of a young soldier who had taken a bullet to the leg and died days later, as the gangrene outpaced my saw. “I deduce that his other leg is the key to the whole affair, but we shall need luck and Lestrade on our side to find it.”
“The fever has abated,” I said. “Thank you for your help but you need not feel obliged to stay. I am sorry that my illness disturbed your rest.”
At that moment, we heard a cry of agony, a shriek of horror and anger that rose to a deafening pitch and then quickly died away.
It was a relief after the strange turn our breakfast had taken to return to a semblance of our normal routine. Holmes, I noticed, seemed to have shaken off his earlier grim mood and for the first time in several days he took himself off to dress for company instead of retreating to the sofa to lie all day in his dressing gown. When, a few minutes after his return to the sitting room, a young woman arrived at the door, I made ready to retreat to my room, but to my surprise Holmes stopped me.
“I do not believe that I expressed any such sentiment,” he rejoined. “As to my conceit, I have never subscribed to the view that modesty is a virtue. To a logical mind, the tendency to understate one's talents is as much a departure from the truth as to exaggerate them. I have spent many years cultivating my skills in certain areas. I solve crimes because I enjoy it and because I am very, very good at it. The same can be said of my penchant for buggery.”
“I’m sorry. I thought I could handle it, but. It’s. You’re not going to change – and I. I don’t really want you to. Not most of the time. But I can’t watch you keep throwing yourself into danger until one day you don’t get out of it.”
His fingers were caressing my jaw by this time and I tilted my head to press a kiss to his bandaged hand.
“I am a police inspector,” he responded calmly. “I was passing by when I heard shouting and the sounds of a struggle. I am not currently on duty but I am happy to be of service if you will only tell me what compelled you to shout like that.”
We lapsed into silence as I tried to piece together the preceding days, closing my eyes in an effort to ease my pounding head.
“What is the matter, my dear fellow?” Holmes asked me, after I abandoned my food to stride about the room.
“What of the rest of the household?” I cried, squeezing a shout into a whisper. “What if someone from the village should sneak onto his land? It is a beautiful day – the village children might take it into their heads to take a swim in the lake. What on earth has come over you to take such a risk?”
“Has there been a development?” I asked, smiling at him. The whiskey I had imbibed while I waited for him was beginning to take effect and I found myself quite mesmerised by the sharp angle of his jaw in the lamplight and the line of his shoulders beneath his beautifully tailored waistcoat.
As we drew within sight of the hall, he surged ahead, eager to return to London. I knew he was already thinking of his experiments, of Mrs Hudson’s cooking and the familiar feel of his Stradivarius against his shoulder and evenings spent reading side by side, he immersed in an obscure reference volume or scientific tome, I in the latest adventure novel, before one or other of us rose and led the way to the bedroom.
“Happily for myself and my friend here, I do not think it will be necessary for us to trade accusations before the law,” he said. “I know you, Wainwright. I have been studying you for longer than you know. I had my suspicions in the case of Johnson and I made certain to take certain precautions. When Broadhead disappeared, I had the confirmation I needed.”
“Why should I confide in a man who is keeping secrets even when he is inside me?” I cried, stung to the point of crudity. “What of the case that has so distracted you these last few weeks that you sent me off to Switzerland to trace Lady Carfax without you? Maybe if you had seen fit to include me, instead of keeping me in the dark, we could have worked together on this case, instead of alone. Perhaps then she would still be alive.”
“In what way could you have caused me any discomfort?” he enquired languidly, still holding the newspaper in front of him, as though he expected to return to it at any moment.
“Nonetheless, I can see what drew you to him,” he said. “He is an honest and a kind man, if perhaps not an observant one. How he did not ascertain that Harrison was in love with him I cannot imagine.”
“Holmes,” I murmured, my face very close to his. “I am taking you home. You should not have come. Even with your remarkable constitution, you cannot forgo food and sleep and water for days on end.”
By that late summer afternoon, Holmes had taken me more times than I could count, but there in the sunlight, under the dappled shade of the oak tree, with the hay-scented breeze blowing over us and the sound of birdsong in the air, the deed felt unaccountably solemn. The act of physically joining our bodies seemed in that moment to symbolise something indescribable and profound, encapsulating a union that I already knew would shape the remainder of my life. I do not know if Holmes felt as I did or whether it was simply the novelty of our surroundings that drew out his passion to a greater extent than ever, but he was whispering broken endearments into my ear as I sank my nails into his back, muffling my own cries in the curve of his shoulder. He found his release first, biting my name into the thick muscles of my shoulder, and the sight of him experiencing his paroxysm, all control relinquished, triggered my own convulsions, though he had not touched me.
“Perhaps the fever has left him in a weakened state that necessitates some assistance,” I observed, attempting the clinical tones of a professional.
“But really, Holmes,” I insisted, when I had mastered my emotions. “I was planning to return to London tomorrow. What more is there to do in Montpellier?”
“I object to rows because my nerves are shaken up,” I said, “and I get up at all sorts of ungodly hours, and I am extremely lazy. I have another set of vices when I’m well, but those are the principal ones at present.”
“I have always thought that sunlight suited you,” Holmes murmured, eyes on my shirt buttons. “You have never lost the bronzed look you brought back from Afghanistan. I knew the moment I saw you that you had spent time in the humid jungles of India and the dry heat of the Afghan desert. By the time you had been at Baker Street a week, I knew that every night, when you dreamed, you travelled to places most men never go, and that every time you awoke, you awoke knowing that you had looked death in the face and triumphed. When a month had passed, I knew that you had the hands of a doctor and the heart of a soldier and that you were the bravest and most honest man I had ever met. The first time I saw the sunlight turn your hair to gold and light your eyes until they seemed to glow from within, I knew I would never be free of you.”
Until that moment, it had often crossed my mind that, given Holmes’ extraordinary perceptiveness, I ran a great risk that he would at some point recognise my deviance from the normal paths of attraction. Yet he had given no sign that he suspected me to be in any way abnormal in that regard and I had made a careful effort to express my admiration for several of the ladies we crossed paths with, in the hope of alleviating any suspicions that might form. The thought that I might have given myself away in such a simple, unguarded moment played heavily on my mind, and I soon excused myself and went up to bed, where I lay awake most of the night. I did not know what Holmes’ reaction might be were he to divine that I was an invert, but I feared that, no matter how tolerant I could hope him to be on the subject of my personal affairs, he could not be comfortable in the knowledge that I was secretly lusting after him. It was mortifying to contemplate that he might believe me to think I had a chance of attracting him, or that I might be so selfish as to attempt to draw him into a liaison that would pose nothing but danger for both of us.
“You have never found my presence to be a distraction before,” I said, standing in front of him so that only a foot separated us and he was required to crane upwards to meet my eyes. The unusual reversal of our heights, he forced to look up at me, me staring down at his upturned face, sent an unexpected thrill through me. I reached out and ran a finger down the sharp line of his jaw, just as he had done to me that first night. I was almost as angry with him as I had been then, and I knew that he felt it in my touch, as my finger grazed the first faint growth of stubble atop his soft skin.
Holmes had already developed a theory to explain the bizarre story that Mr Wilson had shared with us, I learned, when he invited me to accompany him that night on one of his mysterious errands. As he did not see fit to share with me either his theory or the intent of our outing, I spent the evening in a state of nerves as he smoked his pipe on the sofa, refusing to partake of his supper. When he asked me to bring my revolver, I knew that he anticipated a run-in of an unusually dangerous kind. I had not had a drink in nearly 24 hours and the fatigue of the sleepless night was beginning to catch up with me. After dressing warmly for the night ahead and stashing my revolver in my greatcoat, I swiftly drained a medicinal draft of whiskey to settle my nerves and ensure that I should be ready to act swiftly, should any danger arise. Thus fortified, I felt ready to face whatever new surprises the night should bring.
“You don’t have to respond,” I said at last. “I know how you feel about love. It is a weakness that you would never allow yourself. But I could not bear to leave without saying the words aloud. Forgive me. I will begin searching for new lodgings tomorrow. I fear that today I am not quite myself. It has been –”
Sherlock isn’t interested in sentiment so it must be something to do with John. The thing about John is he’s a paradox. Not just in the obvious doctor/soldier, healer/killer way that every idiot can see. It’s his mind that interestingly contradictory. He’s morally rigid in a way that should be boring but isn’t because when he decides the circumstances warrant it he’ll shoot a man in cold blood and crack a joke afterwards. He adheres to social conventions, at least on the surface, and smooths Sherlock’s way with uptight inspectors and witless witnesses but he doesn’t try to change Sherlock – in fact he likes it when Sherlock is rude. He hides it well but Sherlock sees everything and he doesn’t miss the way John often has to hide a smile when Sherlock says what they’re both thinking. John is a realist – he invaded Afghanistan, of course he’s a realist. But he’s also oddly romantic. He may not believe in heroes but he believes in heroism. For some reason Sherlock, who knows better, finds that strangely endearing.
I nodded against his cheek, too focused on the electric feel of him and the intoxicating sound of his voice in my ear to speak.
“Holmes, what are earth do you mean by it?” I exclaimed, as I set the jar back on the table, placing it rather deliberately beyond his reach.
His attention was soon diverted back to his test tube, however, and I marvelled at his eagerness as he drew me over to his table by one of my sleeves, touching me unselfconsciously and leading me with an unstudied certainty that caused me to follow him without question. He seemed to feel no pain as he pierced his finger with a long bodkin and drew off the blood needed for his experiment, but I found I was not watching the water to which he added the liquid but the way in which he sucked the lingering smear of blood off the long index finger of his left hand. To my surprise and shame, I felt a surge of liquid heat in my stomach, a swooping sensation that I had not experienced in as long as I could remember. I hastened to fix my gaze on his experiment and made some desultory remark, I scarcely remember what. All the time I feigned attention, I was busy assessing the dangers of choosing to share a living space with a man as dangerously attractive as Sherlock Holmes. Yet as I found my gaze drawn back to the excitement on his face and the way his large, scarred hands danced as he spoke, I realised I was more interested by his character than by anything that had crossed my path since the war. His eyes glittered with passion as he outlined the importance of his discovery and I confess I answered in a daze, interjecting a muttered one-word response where he seemed to require one. It was a relief when he turned his attention back to Stamford, freeing me from the intensity of his gaze, and I had a few moments to collect myself.
“Of course, Dr Watson,” he said. “I’ll be back for you in fifteen minutes. I hope the old fellow is useful to you. Inspector Wainwright questioned him last night but based on his mood afterwards I don’t think he got much out of him. The man looked half dead by the time I did the rounds last night and he’s barely moved since then.”
“Wainwright suspected something. He has researched me and therefore has surely learned of my connection to you. He did not know your game but it was clear that you did not wish him to detain me and so he did it to spite you.”
The tall, dark-haired doctor turned, and it was Holmes, the lower half of his face concealed behind a surgical mask, his pewter eyes spearing me like harpoons me where I lay immobile in my hospital bed.
“This old fellow is hardly likely to have caused any trouble,” he said. “He's a harmless old beggar who sometimes hands over a few shillings in exchange for a place to sleep when it's cold outside. This room was empty, so I let him have it. As to the clothes, they were here when he arrived. They are the garments that have been left behind by customers downstairs.”
“We have faced danger together before now,” I pointed out, as mildly as I could, for his words his struck me quite as forcibly as a blow. “If you doubt my courage, let me assure you that I am not deterred by the possibility of violence, even if it be at the formidable hands of Dr Roylott.”
“Thank you, Dr Watson,” he said. “You may tell Mr Holmes the whole story, if you wish. If you say that I may trust him that is enough.”
“Are you even listening?” John is saying. “Are my concerns really dull enough that you… Right. Look, just. Forget it. I’m going to bed.”
I turned away in despair, awaiting the biting response that I knew my words would elicit. Fixing my eyes on the embers of the fire, I willed myself to stillness. The silence seemed to last a very long time. Trying desperately not to think, my eyes hazy, I turned away from the fire when I could bear it no longer, bowing my head and gazed at my lap, at the rumpled shirt and creased trousers that had so nearly become my shroud. I half hoped that when I looked up, Holmes would have quit the room. When I felt his hand rest gently on my upper arm, I flinched. I knew that my cheeks were flushed, my eyes damp and my agony written on my face, but what more had I to hide?
I have rarely hated anyone as much as I hated the woman. I am not a man to whom hatred comes naturally. In fact, my ability to find qualities worth admiring in almost anyone was one of the things that Holmes seemed to find most intriguing about me, illogical and impractical though he professed it to be. And yet there was something about Irene Adler that disturbed me from the very first moment she crossed our paths.
When he began struggling to sit up, I pushed him back down. Taking hold of the arm nearest to me, I carefully rolled up his sleeve. The inside of his arm was covered with scars, some old and faded, turned silvery with time, others still pink and livid against his pearly skin. Holmes was unresisting as I made my examination. He said nothing when I dropped his limb as though it had scalded me and got to my feet, but I could feel his eyes on me as I picked up the syringe from the floor and carried it over to his desk, where I let it fall with a tinkle next to his pipe.
“Should you?” Holmes seemed to have woken up. For the first time in days, something of the familiar animation had come back into his face and there was a hint of colour in his cheeks. In the warm morning light, his hair looked very black and his skin very pale. He was regarding me with such a strange, calculating look that I began to feel unaccountably nervous.
In silence, I went to the pitcher and poured him a glass of water. He took it from me gratefully and drained half of it before he spoke again. I sank down onto the floor in front of him, bewildered and incandescent with fury and knowing that I had no right to reproach him.
“I am a consulting detective. I suppose I am the only one in the world – perhaps that goes some way to explaining my touchiness on the subject of my methods,” he said. “And yet the way I spoke to you was unthinkably cruel.”
He broke off and I saw to my amazement that his eyes were wet, just before he dashed a hand over them, obscuring my view of his face.
“I know,” he said quickly. “It was not only that. I knew what you were considering when you met Miss Morstan. I assumed that it was only a matter of time before you found another such woman with whom you could foresee a future, one free from the dangers and deprivations that you will suffer should you remain with me.”
“Boredom was certainly one of the reasons,” said Holmes. “You may be content with the relentless ennui of existence, though from my observations I think that unlikely. I, however, cannot survive each crawling day in this world of violence and petty cruelty and endless, endless stupidity without a stimulus for the mind. If there is no puzzle to occupy me, I find that a dose of cocaine or morphine usually suffices. And now I think I will retire to my bed. No doubt your hypocritical objections to my lifestyle will keep until the morning. I imagine your upcoming nuptials will provide you with just the reason you are looking for to leave Baker Street and your disappointing former colleague behind you.”
He released me suddenly. When he struck another match, I saw that his skin was as white as paper and beads of sweat were standing out on his brow.
“On the contrary, you display a natural aptitude for all three in your stories,” he said, propping himself on one arm and leaning over to nip me lightly just below the ear. “They are all at least fifty percent fabrication, by my calculation. Sometimes I struggle to discern a word of truth in them.”
“I am afraid so,” he said, glancing away. “Unlike you, she was dead when they placed her into the coffin.”
Before he could reply, I was kissing my way down his chest, brushing my lips teasingly over the muscles of his abdomen. I paused when I drew close to my goal, teasing him with hot breath, licking down into the dip carved out by his external oblique muscles and then stilling with my mouth hovering just an inch from where he wanted me. I waited until he groaned and then allowed myself to smile, blowing warm air over him until he shivered and twitched towards me.
He had already removed my cravat and was reaching for the buttons of my shirt, stroking his fingers teasingly over the skin of my chest as he did so. Taking advantage of his languid state, I pushed him back into the cushions and opened his dressing gown, reaching for the fastening of his trousers. By the time I held his length in my hand, I had identified the ache that lay heavy in my chest, despite the growing ache in other areas that was beginning to distract me from everything but Holmes’ sure hands and his inviting mouth and the compact strength of his half-naked body. I ached because, despite how much I had fought it and no matter how assiduously I had fooled myself, I could no longer deny my true feelings. As I sank to my knees before him and watched the way his eyes slid closed as my mouth engulfed him, his long lashes casting shadows across his cheeks, I admitted to myself, at last, that I had failed. Despite my best efforts, I had fallen in love with my friend and companion. And not only would he never love me in return, I reminded myself, as his hands tightened in my hair, but I had a painful premonition that this would not be the last time that his passion for his work would cause him to leave me.
The constable led me down a long passage, unlocked a barred door and preceded me into a whitewashed passage lined with cells on both sides. The stench of unwashed bodies was enough to make my eyes water. Drawing back a panel, he allowed me to look through into a small cell. Holmes appeared to be sleeping on a filthy cot, still wearing his disguise. With his eyes closed, the aged, scarred face was hideous to look upon. I struggled to find any of Holmes’ fine features within it. His lean body was still encased in ragged clothes that swamped his frame and it was easy for me to perceive how he had kept the constables from recognising him. Only his hands, with their long, elegant fingers, struck at me with their familiarity, arousing a fierce sort of tenderness within me. The yellow tinge that stained the usual creamy pallor of his skin made my heart beat faster in my chest.
“I will hope that luck smiles on me, then,” he said over his shoulder, as he made his way down the stairs.
“How long have I known?” he asked, stretching luxuriantly, watching where my eyes went. I had no illusions that he was enjoying my appreciative gaze. His acceptance of my admiration did not extend only to his intellectual acumen, it would seem. “That you are an invert? Since the day you moved into Baker Street. That you lusted after me? Since the first time I caught you staring at me over your newspaper. You can have no idea how your eyes look when you are aroused. They turn the most brilliant shade of green. Several times I almost gave in and let you have what you so clearly wanted.”
“Which part?” he enquired languidly, running his fingers idly through the hair on my chest. Unlike his own, which was fine and sparse, as soft as the down on a woman's legs, mine was thick and springy and redder than the hair on my head.
He shook his head, lethargically, and at last opened his eyes, peering at me in the glow of the lamplight. His pupils were pinpricks, his breathing steady but slow, and I felt understanding roll through me like a wave, sweeping away everything I had thought I knew about Sherlock Holmes.
It wasn’t until the three of us reached the station that I had a moment to speak with Holmes alone. To my very great shock, once we had found an empty carriage and settled Phelps comfortably, he announced that he was to remain behind in Woking.
All this was running through my mind as I mechanically consumed my eggs and kippers, thinking up and immediately rejecting a dozen conversational overtures that might allow me to raise the subject of our friendship – if, indeed, I could still call Holmes a friend. I was still deliberating, cursing my inability to effect even a modicum of Holmes’ innately suave and detached manner, which he maintained seemingly without effort even in the most awkward and unorthodox of circumstances, when Mrs Hudson knocked at the door to tell us that a client had arrived.
“In that case, please convey to him that my sentiments towards his union have changed. I no longer see fit to stand in his way. I have decided to leave London behind and relocate to the continent. To do so, I will need funds.”
“I believe that his actions were driven by sentiment,” replied Holmes. “Although he professed to support your engagement to his sister, I suspect that in fact he was rather violently opposed to the match. People are not, after all, always very rational when it comes to matters of the heart, particularly when they feel that they have a prior claim. Heartbreak, I have found, often inspires a lust for revenge, and revenge is among the most common motives for any crime - second perhaps only to greed. In this instance, I believe that Harrison was fuelled by both. The treaty would be, after all, very valuable in the right hands, but I believe his primary purpose in taking it – a decision he made with very little forethought when he found it upon your desk – was to ensure that he had reason to oppose your marriage.”
Holmes seemed no more or less preoccupied than usual with the case and yet after our visit to the great ugly ruin of a house and his minute examination of Miss Stoner’s room, I sensed a shift in him. We had taken a double-bedded room at the Crown Inn in the village and the grim mood that had come over him as he paced the lawns, myself and Miss Stoner like silent spectres at his side, showed no signs of lifting. Alone in the simple sitting room that adjoined our bedroom, Holmes brooded silently, his face an austere mask, far removed from the laughter and affection that had crossed his features that morning. Dusk began to fall outside the window and still he sat, unmoving, his hands steepled and his head bowed. He had not spoken for an hour or more and I was engaged in reading and attempting to banish the sense of foreboding that had only grown stronger as the day progressed when suddenly he spoke.
“She is protecting her interests,” he said. “A woman like that, when she loves, will put love above all else.”
“My dear doctor,” he said, as he took off his great coat, blowing wintery air towards me from its folds. “This case promises to be far more intriguing than I had anticipated.”
“I knew the snake wasn’t venomous. You thought the sister was killed by a snake bite and they missed it at autopsy? Honestly, John. Anderson’s an idiot but the chances that the forensic pathologist would miss something like that are minuscule. No, it was obviously the step-father who killed her. Paralysed her with some sort of drug from his practice, something that wouldn’t raise alarm on the toxicology report, and then suffocated her, most likely. Child’s play. You can’t train snakes to do your bidding. They’re famously intractable. Anyway, there’s no such thing as a swamp adder, John. It was clearly an eastern hognose – a puff adder, to use one of its many colloquial names. There are at least six points of difference between the eastern hognose and the Indian cobra, which it most closely resembles, despite the way they both flatten their necks when threatened.”
“Holmes, wake up,” I murmured. “Tell me what the devil is going on. What were you doing in that repugnant den and why have you allowed yourself to be arrested for a crime that we both know never took place?”
“Perhaps she would be blond and gentle and utterly lacking in imagination,” I said, shifting closer on the grass and pushing Holmes gently onto his back so that I could lay my head on the sun-warmed expanse of his chest. “Or perhaps she would be tall and slender and grey-eyed and unfathomably brilliant. Perhaps, no matter how much I fought it, I would end up falling in love with her. I’d open a successful medical practice and she’d read to me of an evening and no one would get attacked by hellhounds, or shot at, or killed.”
When I saw Holmes lying dazed on the sofa, his face white, his lips tinged with blue and his closed eyes underlined with great smoky half-circles of shadow, I thought he was dead. I dropped my stick with a clatter and sprang forward, crying out his name, but as I drew within reach of him, already feeling for his neck in search of a pulse, I saw his eyelids flicker and he gave a small moan.
“That was the image that was in my mind the first time I stroked myself to thoughts of you,” came his baritone murmur as he dropped my shirt to the grass and beginning to unfasten my trousers. “I pictured you on a beach, your green eyes shining as you looked up at me from your knees, your lips wrapped around –”
Filled with an unaccountable feeling of horror, I pushed Mr Whitney, who was beginning to regain some control of himself, towards the end of the alleyway, ordering him to take a cab and return home to his wife. Then I rushed back into the vile, fume-ridden den. The attendant again tried to stop me as I ran towards the narrow staircase I had glimpsed at the back of the room, but I hit out at him with my stick and he fell back. I heard a hoarse cry of anger as in my haste I knocked the pipe from the hand of a hunched man sprawled half out of his berth and then my feet were upon the stairs, my head swimming from the noxious fumes of the drug I had inhaled in my haste.
I nodded in quiet understanding. For a man like Holmes, whose attraction was confined to his own sex, all affairs remained a closely guarded secret except with others, like myself, whose attractions tended towards the same persuasion. For men like myself and Phelps, who could choose a more open life, marrying meant keeping secrets of another kind, hiding not from the public but from the one with whom we had chosen to share our lives.
“That is very gratifying to hear,” he responded with maddening calm, evading my reach. Rising gracefully to his hands and knees, he placed one large hand in the centre of my chest and pushed me slowly backwards, until I was lying on my back on the rug. His eyes were dark as onyx in the half-light and he kept them fixed on me, examining every nuance of my expression, as he ran one hand slowly over my bulging trousers. He smirked when I gasped involuntarily, my hands fisting at my sides. He was himself again, as focused and icily controlled as he was when immersed in solving one of his most complex puzzles. And yet, at the same time, he was suddenly new to me, his face flushed with arousal, his shirt gaping open and his black hair falling forward over the high curve of his forehead.
“I am not engaged,” I said, through my teeth. I wanted to hit him. “You may call me a hypocrite, but our circumstances are not the same. I could have resorted to morphine – God knows, I thought of it at times. But I did not. You have no nightmares to destroy your nights and make you question your very sanity. If a dram or two of whisky is what it takes to sleep for a few hours without being haunted by death and awakened by screams, it is a safer medicine than some.”
It pained me to admit that she was indeed a remarkably beautiful woman. Her long hair was almost as dark and silky as Holmes’ own, her figure trim and upright, her eyes large and dark and very striking in her comely face. There was something magnetic about her, and yet I felt a natural abhorrence of her that I could not explain. She reminded me of a viper, sinuous and graceful and filled with hidden poison.
In the hansom, Holmes was still uncharacteristically silent. When I reached absently for his hand, he snatched it back as though my touch had burned him. Only then did I notice that his slender fingers were mangled and stained with blood and that his nails were torn and jagged.
“You are a contrary fellow,” he whispered. “I would gladly discuss your charming defiance further, but I fear we have deviated most grievously from the plan I had set in motion. It is the greatest luck that we have not already been interrupted.”
Sherlock struggles to his feet and forces himself to place equal weight on the ankle that still feels as though someone has stuck two hot needles right through the skin and into the bone. The snake wasn’t venomous but it turns out its bite is still decidedly unpleasant. Worth it though, Sherlock thinks, ruthlessly suppressing a smile.
“You’ll admit that I can hardly record events the way they transpired,” I said, stung. “Perhaps you’ll be as dazzling and as heartless as ever and I’ll be well-meaning and oblivious and happily married to a lovely young lady who admires me for my selfless willingness to aid a friend in need of a companion with a revolver.”
Sherlock sighs and closes his eyes. The laws of physics are inconvenient sometimes. But maybe after all it’s nicer this way.
Then I was forced to smother a laugh as he rolled his eyes at me, wearing the expression he wore when a client asked a particularly obtuse question. He looked down at my chest, focusing on my buttons once more, but I didn’t miss the small slide that tilted one corner of his mouth as he undid the last one and pushed my shirt from my shoulders, smoothing both his hands over the planes of my chest, pausing to pinch one of my nipples between clever fingers until I gasped.
We had recently wrapped up a case for one of the most prominent politicians in the country and Holmes had been in high spirits, despite the fact that he had no new puzzle to solve, for the first time in several weeks. The night before, we had celebrated the end of the case by going to see a concert, where he had taken immense delight in the beautiful sound of a violin played with almost as much innate talent as he played his own. I had allowed myself to slide one hand onto his leg in the dark, a rare and risky expression of my unspoken feelings towards him, and we had ended the night with a very satisfying encounter in Holmes’ bedroom. I still bore the faint marks around my wrists from where he had restrained me for a very frustrating hour, teasing me as only he could, and the inordinately satisfying memory of how I had turned the tables on him when he finally freed me.
“Watson, when you reach London you would oblige me by driving at once to Baker Street with our friend here and remaining with him until I see you again. It is fortunate that you are old school fellows, as you must have much to talk over,” he said.
He drew his account to a close and there was a moment of ringing silence before the birdsong swelled to fill it. I found that I was shivering, though I had not realised I was cold.
“Not if there is the slightest possibility that you might need me,” I said. I did not need to ask what he meant.
“Why am I…? Because I love you and you threw yourself out of a second storey window and made me watch. Because your bloody calculations don’t make you invincible…”
It was only when he attempted to sit up and fell back onto the bunk that I realised how weak he was.
Sherlock is always aware of time passing. The counting off of seconds, minutes, hours, is something that happens in one small part of his brain. It is as boring – and as unconscious – as breathing. But he isn’t sure how many seconds have passed when he realises that John has stopped talking and is gripping him by the left arm, iron fingers digging into the flesh just above his bicep. Despite his anger, Sherlock notes that John is using his right hand – his non-dominant hand – careful, even in his anger, to touch the side of Sherlock’s body that isn’t bruised.
“Why the fuck is there a severed leg in my fucking bed?” Sherlock hears as John’s footsteps pound down the stairs.
Strong hands were lifting my head and then a glass of cool water was pressed to my lips. Someone was peeling my soaked pyjamas from my body and I felt the cool air on my skin. My sweat-soaked hair was pushed gently back from my forehead and replaced with a cool, damp cloth.
“My dear fellow, are you quite alright?” I said, drawing closer and placing a hand on his brow. His skin was clammy to my touch but there was no trace of fever, despite his disjointed, agitated manner of speech.
“If the fellow comes you will follow him home. But do not take any undue risks and do not forget that he is far more dangerous than he appears. Take no step without informing me,” were his parting words.
I could not understand why he kept coming back to the subject of my engagement, but so tangled were my thoughts, and so raw my emotions, that I let go the caution I had so carefully cultivated throughout my months of living with him.
“You don’t know Sherlock Holmes yet,” was all he said, and I relaxed, hating the way my heart was already thumping in my chest at the least hint of danger.
Smiling despite myself, I rolled over, and was struck silent by the sight of him. Holmes lay atop the coverlet, his long limbs pale and glowing in the clear morning light. The room still lay mostly in shadow, but a single sunbeam had crept around the edge of the hastily drawn curtains, illuminating the sharp angle of Holmes’ right hip and his narrow, finely muscled chest. The fine smattering of dark hair that narrowed to a thin, beckoning line towards the base of his stomach was as black as the locks on his head, which were wildly dishevelled, standing out in all directions. A flush of dark heat ran through my body as I recalled the verve with which I had run my hands through it as we kissed, euphoric at finally being free to perform a gesture that I had itched to execute a hundred times.
“Boring. Can't help you,” he says, and she stutters to a halt in the middle of a sentence, looking questioningly at John, as though he’s responsible for the interruption. Perhaps she thinks he’s operating Sherlock like a ventriloquist’s dummy.
“I am well,” I said. Then, when his grip still did not loosen. “Holmes, what was it? I could not see.”
“So this is how it ends,” I said, unsure if I was talking to myself or to him. “You use me and then discard me when I cease to be of interest. I suppose I have only myself to blame. You've never respected me. You treated me like a servant, issuing orders and expecting me to do your bidding. But it is none of it your fault. After all, I allowed you to do so. I should have known that a man of your talents and temperament would prize my share of the rent above my intellect and my regard.”
“My dear doctor, thank you for coming to see me as I requested,” Phelps said in a hushed voice, drawing my attention back to my surroundings. “I am sorry to summon you with such urgency but I did not know to whom I could turn.”
I had leapt to my feet and stood with my revolver in my hand as Holmes waited, poised, for some signal I could not discern. We watched in silence as two figures levered themselves up from the tunnel and into the room. Only once they were standing in the cellar, surveying the crates of gold with a look of awe, did Holmes spring forward and grasp the taller of the two men by the collar. I saw the other reach for his revolver and raised mine, my hands sure and steady as I aimed, but, moving so fast that I almost missed it, Holmes lashed out with the metal end of the crop. The blow collided squarely with the thief’s wrist and he dropped his gun with a howl, as I wondered just how many uses Holmes had for his chosen weapon.
When at last he pulled back, I found myself smiling at him, happier than I had been in days. The answering smile on his face almost dragged from me an expression of my powerful feelings towards him – something that, despite his unexpected declarations, I knew he would not appreciate. Instead, I turned away, taking his hand and tugging him towards his bedroom.
Setting aside the natural sting that comes with the insinuation that one is a forgettable lover – for the implication that I might have forgotten him was certainly an indicator that he had, at least until his recent troubles, forgotten me – my reluctance to acknowledge his plea ran deep. Holmes and I had barely spoken since the matter of the Roylott affair, some two weeks earlier. On that hateful morning, Holmes had returned to fetch his valise long after I had awoken and made ready for the return to London. We had undertaken the train ride together in silence. It was a very different quiet to the thoughtful yet companionable one that had reigned over us on our outward journey. I could not bear to meet his eyes. He, in turn, gazed out of the window for most of the journey, as though unaware that he was not alone, but my constant, helpless awareness of his every gesture and mood prevented me from missing the tension betrayed by the set of his shoulders and the way his hand lay clenched into a fist on the seat beside him for much of the trip.
Neither of them talked until John had finished eating and set the plate on the nightstand. John yawned suddenly feeling incredibly tired.
John also forbade Sherlock from pulling favours with any contacts who may be able to offer him a legal job, under the suggestion that whatever favours they owed Sherlock couldn't be that
Even thought he didn't smoke John always went outside to take his break, preferring the relatively fresh air in the alley behind the bar over the dingy staff room downstairs.
Sussex was boring. The bees were never quite as impressed with his research and deductions as he thought they should be. There were moments when he thought of ending it. But he had made a promise to Victor and he would keep it, it was the least he could do for the man.
And so he found himself perched on the back of his chair. Details for a wedding that he had planned surrounding him, drowning him in the knowledge that it would never be for him and John. Realizing the course he had set coming back had been demolished before he had even begun. As he stood and gazed at John’s empty chair, he realized what his new course was.
"Brother mine?" Mycroft asked in an accusing tone, at both the hour, and having assumed correctly that Sherlock only called because he needed a favour.
"Sherlock, I don't think your brother is going to approve of your former rehab medical-supervisor, who is twenty years older than you, being your flatmate." John replied unable to stop himself grinning at the absurdity of the suggestion.
The room was dark except for a single light bulb. It was damp and cold. His arms were outstretched, wrists chained to the wall on either side of him.
He took a drag from the cigarette then pulled it away from his mouth and reached into his back pocket pulling out a pack and offering to John with a raised eyebrow.
Well, Victor’s dog caught a hold of Sherlock’s ankle first. Everything had been easy after that. Victor was amazed by Sherlock’s deductions. They would sit on the lawn and Victor would pick out people for Sherlock to deduce. Time spent together between classes soon stretched to meals and conversations late into the night.
"No." Mycroft answered coldly. "It's time you put this whole affair out of your head. As I've said in the past,
There were so many different looks he'd seen on John, but if there was one that he had constructed an entire shrine in his mind-palace for, down to the last minuscule detail, it was a thoroughly fucked John Hamish Watson.
John moaned into Seb's mouth as the night air hit his sensitive skin, and pushed against the taller man who chuckled as he freed his own erection from his trousers and pressed John back to the wall so there was barely any space between them.
It had rained non-stop for three days straight until this morning when out of nowhere the clouds broke apart and London was graced with a completely out of season sunny day.
But if John had been with someone (Sherlock's chest ached at the thought), and it clearly wasn't another staff member, it had to be out in the alley as John would never let anyone not working at the club inside the employee-only entrance.
He cradled John's head against his chest a while longer, the two of them slowly getting their breath back.
John grabbed onto Sherlock's arse again and got up from the chair carrying Sherlock back onto the desk.
And with that one command, Sherlock was coming again, this time onto John’s chest. He held himself up, but was unable to continue riding John. He paused to catch his breath, then pushed up onto his knees.
"You have to get back to your bunk before someone realizes you're gone." John suggested. "Let's not make your last week here any longer than it has to be yeah?"
He settled John's feet on the counter-top at either side of his arse leaving him completely exposed, and began kissing his way down from the other knee towards John's groin smirking against his skin as he heard the younger man's breaths grow faster and more erratic.
The sun was beating down on the crown of John's head and across his shoulders as he made his way down Baker street.
“Take it, John. Use me, come in me,” Sherlock demanded. John planted his feet and held on to Sherlock’s hips. He thrust his hips up, it was too much for Sherlock’s abused hole, but he held himself still, allowing John to finally take his pleasure. With a few more thrusts, John was groaning as he came inside of Sherlock.
John meant his own private security detail, especially as John was still meeting Mrs. Hudson on a weekly basis for tea (the infuriating woman refused to relay any information about John's well-being with the excuse of having given the young man her
"You new here?" The man asked, taking another drag and looking John up and down appreciatively. "Don't think I've ever seen you before."
John stilled at feeling the older mans body-heat so close behind him, and his breath hitched as he felt Seb press his lips to the back of his neck.
“I . . . this really isn’t my area,” he finally managed to whisper. He felt John grin against his neck and then placed a small kiss there.
"Sherlock you don't...I'm sorry. I, you don't have to say it back. Or say anything. You're not saying anything anyway so I guess that's saying something. Which is fine." John started rambling feeling his cheeks turn red in face of the other man's silence.
"What was that?" John teases, laying himself flush against Sherlock's back, feeling the line of his spine and jut of his bony shoulder-blades pressing into his chest as he begins to nip at the younger man's earlobe.
John's head was fuzzy with ecstasy and his eyelids heavy with arousal, he furrowed his brow in confusion as he tried to make sense of the older man's words.
The way was clear now. He would be there for John, however John would allow it. Even though it tore his heart open. He had done worse to John, he knew that now. This was his penance.
The urgency in his voice causing Sherlock to still and meet his eyes with a look of concern so intense it left John momentarily speechless.
real person to be believable, as he wouldn't put it past John to not suspect Sherlock of creating a fake scholarship, sadly the young man knew him well enough.
Moving back to remove them completely Sherlock ripped off John's socks as well, grabbing his ankles and kissing his way back up to one knee.
"Good to meet you John." Sebastian said, holding John's hand in a steady grip, and moved towards him taking a long drag from his cigarette and throwing it away to the ground, before angling his head to the side and releasing the smoke from between his lips, his eyes never leaving John's face.
John wound his arm around Sherlock's slim waist and curled his hand around his cock stroking it in time with hard, almost brutal thrusts. The younger man's moans turned into needy pants that punctuated every harsh push at his prostate.
Sherlock's homeless network would have informed him of that already, and his spies at the university had texted that John had sat through an anatomy exam that morning and emerged looking exhausted yet pleased. The thought made Sherlock's chest swell with pride though he knew he had nothing to do with John's success.
Reality came back to him in a flood. He failed, had been captured. And this time he didn’t have a way out.
John moaned as Sherlock's mouth roamed over his chest, crying out when he sucked hard on one nipple and then the other.
"Yes, I know . . . this case has been more -- difficult. I've had to travel a bit too. It was —  unexpected."
John had come back through the storage room, which meant he had been outside in the alley at the back of the club.
When he was properly cleaned and relaxed from the bath Sherlock helped John out of the tub and wrapped him in a fluffy robe before steering back to the bedroom and onto the bed.
It wasn’t long until John deemed Sherlock ready. With a sloppy kiss he pulled back and lined up his cock against Sherlock’s entrance. John began to dip the his glans into Sherlock with a shallow thrust, then pull out completely and place wet kiss on the swollen hole. Over and over, until Sherlock thought he would explode from the teasing.
“Oh think it is quite obvious what I’m doing here. You’ve deduced more from less information,” John chuckled. His fingers moved to the fly and he nudged at Sherlock’s hips. “Budge up a bit.”
, the thought almost causes a hysterical giggle to bubble right out of him, because if John was ever in his right mind (which he sincerely doubts), then any meager amount of sanity he'd ever had flew right out the window the day he set his eyes on Sherlock Holmes for the first time.
Holmes feathered the lightest of kisses on the back of my neck, perhaps anticipating the frosty reception that any more overt gesture would receive.
I was recalling the insistent slow push of him inside me and the ease with which he had reduced me to an incoherent, writhing mess within minutes. He had taken me slowly, learning every inch of my body with his hands and tongue, and I, in turn, had learned that he reached completion as silently as he laughed, clutching my hips in a bruising grip as he spent himself inside me. But in the darkness, I had not been able to see his expression, to study the colour of his eyes as he finally lost control.
And so I began to accompany him on many of his cases, which I soon found were always interesting, occasionally frustrating and frequently dangerous. Once he realised that I still had my service revolver and established that I had no objections to using it, he began asking me to bring it along when he believed that a case was likely to occasion a higher than usual degree of risk. Useless as I was to him as a partner in solving puzzles, possessing as I did neither his intellect nor his instinctive talent for intuiting the motives and methods of the criminals we encountered, I took pride in my ability to protect him, as ill-fitting as that task must be for a retired doctor sickened by memories of war.
“Indeed,” I said at length, willing him to look at me. “What do you make of it, Holmes? Harrison’s behaviour seems most inexplicable. Why push Phelps into his sister’s arms and then try to tear him out of them? Why act as though he regretted their liaison and then speak of love? And what can he have intended by attempting to break into Phelps’ sickroom?”
I turned away, already regretting my outburst, but before I could move towards the coat rack Holmes rose from his seat and caught me tightly by the wrist, pulling me around to face him.
“If I was a kind person, I would have leveraged your anger tonight to insist that you leave me, instead of declaring what I feel for you,” he said, his voice sombre. “I have not forgotten that I almost got you killed. It was not the first time and I fear it will not be the last.”
“You are right that we have both been fools,” I said. “I did not sleep in your bed because I did not want you to see me in the piteous throes of my nightmares and because I feared what I might say to you in my sleep or in the moments after I awoke, when my emotions were stripped bare. I thought if you discerned the depth of my feelings you would end our association immediately. But, Holmes, I wrote dozens of stories in which you were the tall, dark, handsome hero. Despite the fact that I made you an automaton and our relationship shallow and jovial – you will admit I had little choice in the matter, given what would happen were the real nature of our association ever to be discovered – how could you doubt that a man who spent months writing you love letters was, in fact, in love with you?”
“Had I not treated you in such a cavalier fashion you would not have had cause to be angry. And that is not the only kind of danger you will face if you stay at Baker Street with me. Everyone is used to my eccentric habits and bohemian ways and I do not think that my remaining a bachelor will surprise anyone who knows me. It is different for you. Should anyone ever discover our liaison it would destroy everything you have worked for.”
He cupped one large hand around the nape of my neck and shook me once, very gently, with uncharacteristic tenderness.
“You said it was an experiment! Not a fucking suicide attempt!” John is ranting. His own face is pale, his eyes red. Having thrown up in the shower while Sherlock was sprawled over the cold tiles, collapsed beside the toilet, John seems to have recovered much more quickly than Sherlock, whose head is pounding and who cannot process the feeling of fear and despair that still has him in its grip. It’s like the worst come-down of his life, after the worst high.
“I am sure he would be here speaking with you if was at liberty to do so,” I said, as soberly as I could.
All his habitual coldness seemed to have turned suddenly to heat. In response, I felt my own need for him overwhelm me, burning away the walls I had so carefully constructed. He sat, still as a statue, watching me. When I lunged for him, unable to pretend any longer, I felt his lips curve into a smile of victory under my own. His shoulders were wiry and broader than they looked, taut and masculine in my grasping hands. His skin smelled like smoke and rain and his mouth had already opened to my coaxing tongue.
, only to pass the time till he could start his life made John's stomach churn and knot with self-loathing.
Reaching John's navel Sherlock dipped his tongue into it as he grabbed the waistline of the younger man's shorts and pulled them down together with his pants.
Then using the gathering sweat and precome caused by their shared heat and arousal, Seb started to pick up his pace, tightening his fist around them.
“You weren’t meant to see that,” Sherlock sighed. And he hadn’t planned on John ever knowing, he wasn’t going to tell him, and he doubted even Mycroft would be cruel enough to tell John what happened. No, John mustn’t know what happened. He couldn’t change that fact that John had seen his back, but he wasn’t going to let him dwell on it.
The doors of the lift finally slid open and John stepped into the foyer, toeing his trainers off so as not to muddy up Sherlock's floor.
It was easier then, to let Victor take the lead. It wasn’t that he had given up, it was that Sherlock realized that he didn’t have to put up a fight. He let Mycroft find a new flat for them since neither were interested in searching the classifieds.
He felt Sherlock pull out of him and could sense the warmth of the older man's body as he bent over John taking himself in hand to reach his own orgasm. Sherlock came groaning John's name against the corner of his neck and spilling in between them, adding to the mess on the younger man's abdomen. John laid his hand across the nape of Sherlock's neck tangling his fingers in the dark curls and pulled him closer as they both tried to get their breath back.
For the first time in a long time he felt as though he had a purpose, he felt confident, he felt happy, and with the way Sherlock was now grinding into him, he was starting to feel aroused.
He let go of John's wrist and laid a hand on his shoulder instead. Then leaned in to give John an innocent peck on the lips, completely at odds with everything they'd just done.
" he was cut off again as Sherlock attacked his mouth, licking across Johns lips and pushing tongue into his mouth making John moan at the taste.
He was leaning over the bar towards John, his forearms which were just as muscular as the rest of him rested on the bar making his biceps bulge against the sleeves of his t-shirt which was a dark blue and complemented his tan quite nicely. He rolled his shoulders like a jungle cat ready to pounce.
He chuckled as the younger man tightened his arms around his neck trying to deepen the kiss with another childish whine.
He walked through the storage room around kegs and crates of drink, and opened the door in the back leading outside. John grabbed the neck of the beer bottle the staff used to stop the door from closing and locking automatically, and laid it in between the door and the doorpost, then sat down on one of the semi-broken chairs there, leaned his elbows on his knees and buried his head in his hands groaning as he felt his tired feet tingle almost painfully after hours of standing.
John rested his head on Sherlock’s thigh, his breath was warm and quick on his skin and Sherlock could feel John’s hard cock pressing against his foot. This moment was beyond Sherlock’s sexual experience, he wasn’t sure what he should do next; a quick blow job in an alley couldn’t hold a candle to the easy banter between them and John’s confident hands guiding them.
John looked down and groaned at the unmistakable stain decorating his black uniform t-shirt, and looked up to see Seb just barely able to keep from laughing.
He'd reconciled with himself that it was simply John's misfortune to have unwisely chosen very vague phrases to verbalize his demands, and therefore opened an opportunity for free interpretation on Sherlock's part, allowing him a loophole within which he could work quite fairly to bend the rules John had meant to lay down, all while never actually betraying John's requests. Sherlock shuddered to think of John's reaction to this theory.
"Honestly John, do you really think a few fences, some boot-camp-trainee guards and a low-grade security system would form an obstacle for me?" Sherlock chided.
"You too" John breathed, feeling his heart begin to race as he found himself frozen again by the hungry gaze in those pale eyes.
His breath caught in his throat at the look of complete awe in Sherlock's face as he stood above him, eyes wide and mouth slightly open.
He reached both hands to the back of John's thighs and picked him up in one swift motion settling him on the surface of the butcher-block.
As Sherlock read through the latest messages from Jim again he realized that he could never let John know how he truly felt.
He shut his eyes tight and buried his face in Seb's chest breathing in his scent just as the older man ran his thumb over the slit of John's cock in a rather vicious twist of his wrist, and John cried out in surprise as he came over Seb's hand.
"I need all CCTV footage of Kingsland Road between Falkirk and Waterson in the past hour." Sherlock replied.
A truly mischievous smile broke out across the younger man's face as he opened the door turning back to face John.
He was tall, his shoulders were wide and very muscular as were his arms. His hair was cropped short so that it wasn't clear if it was blonde or gray and gave the impression of being almost colourless. His skin was tanned, highlighting his eyes which were a very pale blueish gray giving off the same translucent appearance as his hair, and there was a glint in them that made John shiver as he got caught in their gaze. He had a scar along the left side of his face going down from his temple almost to his jaw-line, curving in a bit towards the corner of his eye right above his cheekbone. It somehow made him appear stronger, sexier.
, he'd been chanting out lines of it all through the game and now it was going to be stuck in John's head for the next week at least. John opened the bottle and started gulping down the cold juice, his eyes catching the sight of the Tupperware container filled with the leftovers from Mrs H's mouth-watering roast. Come to think of it he was actually really hungry...the shower could wait!
"Seb." Sebastian corrected, before licking his way down John's throat and sucking a bruise into the corner of his neck and shoulder.
"Here." he said with a sigh, handing the bandanna back to Seb. "Kindly take back your handkerchief good sir. Who even
"Thanks" John said, as he shook his head, a bit bewildered as he watched the man returned the pack to his pocket.
Sherlock was standing completely still, the only part of him moving were his eyes which were roving all over John's face and body.
It was now well past two in the morning and he was working on autopilot, taking orders and pouring drinks, accepting cash and returning change, smiling and winking and laughing at jokes without really taking in any of it. He was beyond relief when Jeremy the bar manager shouted at him over the noise that his turn for a break was up.
Victor died on a Thursday. Sherlock wasn’t one for keeping track of what day of the week it was since retirement. He would have deleted it if it had been possible. However that morning he read the paper in the cafeteria of the hospital. It was sitting on the table, abandoned. It had been months since he’d bothered to read a paper, so he picked it up and played a game long forgotten. After solving three cases and discovering five more that no one but the perpetrators knew about, Sherlock stood, folded paper under his arm, and walked back to the room that Victor had been in for too long, intending to show off a bit to entertain Victor. The room was silent when he walked through the door. A lone nurse stood by the bed waiting for him. He never said
He tried to pull back from the kiss to excuse himself but in a flash Sherlock raised a hand to grab at the hair on the back of John's head and stop him from moving away.
Sherlock pushed the trousers and pants pooled around his ankles off and slipped off the chair onto the blanket laid out between the chairs. The fire had burned down to coals and John threw another log on before settling down, pulling Sherlock’s back against his chest. He rested his lips against Sherlock’s neck as he held him.
" He ends with a gasp as John sucks the younger mans earlobe between his teeth and bites down gently while still pounding into him from behind.
Not that John was completely absent from Sherlock's daily activities even though he was not physically present.
Sherlock's entire body convulsed as his orgasm took over him, spilling over Johns hand in powerful bursts, panting John's name over and over until it became one long hoarse whisper of
"Yeah." He said hollowly, letting go of the younger man's wrists. "I mean no. Of course you could, I just..."
It never mattered to Sherlock what happened after he arrived. He always felt better after a visit to the cottage, to John.
For a moment the older man seemed frozen in place before he removed his fingers from John and quickly unfastened his own trousers.
"John?" the older man said softly, though it didn't sound like a request or a suggestion but a demand as he moved his thumb down to rub along the zipper pressing it into John's erection, and eliciting a small moan from the younger man.
"Maybe later?" the man replied though John couldn't fathom if it was meant as a question or a promise.
Sherlock attacked John's mouth as though it was crucial for his own survival with lips and tongue and teeth till there was barely any air left in either of their lungs.
Sherlock sat on the edge of the bed and continued to watch John as his eyelashes fluttered against his cheeks and his chest rose and fell with every breath.
And yet, not only had someone grown to love him, but they had admitted to it, and on top of it all that someone was John!
After a few minutes Sherlock rose from the desk and pulled up his fatigues, tucking his shirt in and fastening the belt in the quick and efficient manner that had been drilled into him for months. He finally turned toward John who had been watching him with a mix of exhaustion and fascination, and froze.
Victor knew about John. Sherlock never mentioned him, but between Mrs. Hudson and the internet, he had a good idea of what had happened. That night Sherlock told him everything. He told him all the things that he had been planning to say to John when he came back, before the wedding, before Appledore, before the tarmac. He expected Victor to leave, to tell Sherlock he wouldn’t be his second choice. Instead Victor held him as he cried, ran his fingers through Sherlock’s hair as he confessed his secrets, and whispered ‘
"As ever John, you see but you do not observe." The older man stated, a playful smirk curling his lips.
He quickly shakes himself mentally because he intends to pull however many more sounds like that out of the younger man if it's the last thing he does. He slaps Sherlock's arse again, making sure to land the blow in the same exact spot as before, and grabs the already reddened flesh in his fist.
His cologne which didn't smell expensive but nonetheless deep and rich, mixed with the light smell of cigarettes and clean sweat hit John's senses and made him feel dizzy. He fisted his hand in the front of Sebastian's t-shirt and stood up on his toes eager for more.
Then Seb raised his hand not occupied with bringing them both off, to the back of his neck and tightened his fingers into the strands of John's short hair.
John looked up anxiously to the doorman as he passed his station, readying himself for a reprimand or at the very least a derisive sniff, but was met as usual with the genuinely kind and slightly amused smile of Henry the ever-watchful bear of a man that worked at the desk who always seemed to treat Sherlock as though he were the prince of London and John his royal guest.
“Roll over,” John pulled away enough to push at Sherlock’s hip. “I don’t have any lube, so this will have to do.”
At least it wasn't anything stronger. Many medical students fell to drugs in order to keep up with the demands of their school work. But John was stronger than that.
"I've got two more hours to go before my shift ends you know, I thought I was doing a pretty good job of looking like a total mess already." He said wiping ineffectually at his shirt and pretending as best as he could to be put out by the whole ordeal, before raising his gaze to the older man.
Sebastian's lips were soft but unyielding. He was still holding John's hand in his right and he raised his left to lift John's chin with his thumb as his fingers curled against the back of his neck. He licked the seam of John's lips making him gasp and took the opportunity to lick his way into the younger man's mouth.
His was a world driven by logic and (admittedly) occasionally by physical urges therefore Sherlock had never seen it's purpose in his life.
He took long walks, through the countryside, along the cliffs. Usually with no purpose, though he would never admit that. It was one such day, sunny and warm with a slight breeze, he found himself on the cliffs. Just passing time. Waiting for the sun to set so he could go home and wait for the sun to rise. He saw a figure in the distance, standing still, looking out over the horizon, unmoving. As he neared, the figured turned to face him straight on. A man, shorter than the average British male, standing with a cane in his hand.
He knew that he was not going to able to last much longer. John had begun sucking his cock deep into his mouth, then pulling off completely while his hand stroked root to tip.
With a great amount of self-control John pulled back from the kiss and extracted himself from the younger man's long legs which he'd wrapped around his waist.
"Yes, London. I'm not moving back in with my parents, I'm going to university in London." Sherlock explained.
John whined when the older man wrapped his other hand around the base of his cock, preventing his imminent orgasm.
No one had ever shown an interest in Sherlock beyond schoolyard bullying, being the smartest and youngest in class would make that certain. Victor's friendship was beyond what Sherlock could have hoped for. The day Victor took Sherlock's face in his hands and kissed him was beyond comprehension.
John quickly grabbed at his chin and tilted it down a bit so he could look the younger man straight in the eyes.
He wasn’t sure what John was waiting for but he was done waiting. Sherlock quickly maneuvered himself and John until he was straddling John’s hips. John’s eyes were wide with shock as their positions were reversed. Sherlock slowly peeled his shirt off leaving nothing between the two men.
They stared at one another for a moment, neither daring to breathe before they both burst out in laughter.
He had completely fallen head over tits for this boy, and didn't know how to stop it. He wasn't sure he could make himself try even if he did know.
The older man reached to grab the back of Johns collar. "Hold on." he said, coming closer. "Let me take the tag off."
Sherlock zoomed in on man's face and gasped out loud, feeling his body tense and his heart freeze in fear, just as his mobile rang, shaking him from his shock.
he knew John hadn't been there the night before) but he itched to see even a glimpse of John now. Even if it was only in the no-audio, black and white footage of the security cameras aimed at the bar.
"Oh Sherlock," John breathed out, reaching to rest his hand on the detective's knee. "It's bad, isn't it?"
Settling John at the edge of the tub Sherlock proceeded to fill it with hot water and a generous amount of bath salts and within minutes the entire room was clouded with a sweet and spicy smelling steam. Sherlock soaked a clean flannel in the tub and wrung it out before wiping the mud, sweat, and semen off of John's body and then gently maneuvering the younger man into the tub.
His clothes clung to his skin still damp with sweat and muddy water, and mud was caked on his shoes.
There are moments in your life when find home again. For Sherlock Holmes it was atop chalk cliffs, on his knees, arms wrapped around John Watson that he found home again.
“Always ready for battle,” John replied with a low chuckle. They sat in silence for a few moments, the low strains of a cello singing mournfully from the speakers on the mantle.
John shook his head. "I'm sorry. Tonight's just - I had a long day and I doubt I'll be any fun by the time I'm done working - I'm sorry, I don't mean to be a dick -"
John begrudgingly nodded his agreement and pulled off his shirt to turn it inside-out, not missing the hungry glint that returned momentarily to Seb's eyes.
He'd never entertained the notion of falling in love with someone and certainly never considered the possibility of anyone loving him.
His stubble scratched across John's lips and he let go of John's hand to grab at his waist as he deepened the kiss.
“You’re going to perform fellatio on me,” Sherlock stated plainly, though his breathless voice betrayed him. John settled back between the detectives knees, hands braced on the side of either hip, and leaned in close to Sherlock’s ear again.
He unlocked the handcuffs and slid them off the younger man's wrists. Then dropped them into the open drawer of his desk from which he had retrieved a bottle of lube not half an hour ago and pulled out a pack of sanitary wipes. John cleaned himself up and put his uniform back together as best he could, before cleaning up Sherlock as well.
Though Sherlock knew the reasons why he had lied to John it still took all of his willpower to keep from calling him or standing across the street from their flat when he was back in London hunting down a lead. Sherlock needed John safe and whole, so when this was all over they could go back to their life together. He had decided he would tell John everything, not just about Moriarty and his time away, but the feelings that he had been hiding, both from himself and John, for so long. Sherlock wasn’t fool enough to think that John would welcome him with open arms. He knew that he would have to work to gain John’s trust and affection. He was ready for that. He was willing to do whatever it took to be with John.
Instantly Sherlock stood up straight, his eyes focused on John, with no trace of rebellion, though turning darker with arousal as he replied. "Yes Sir
"I'm serious" Seb said laughing, ignoring the jibe. "Just turn it inside out and no-one'll see." He smiled at John as his breath finally came back to him.
Picking up a physically intimate relationship a bit harder. Sherlock had ignored the impulses of his body after Victor. Seeing no reason to look for something that would pale in comparison to their relationship. Then an army doctor came into Sherlock’s life and he had begun to dream of small hands in his. A scar from a bullet to investigate. Leaning down to kiss thin and always slightly chapped lips with his. The first time after reuniting that Victor placed his large hand on his back as they walked through a crowd Sherlock jumped as if burned. He would duck his head when Victor would lean in to try for a kiss goodnight. He couldn't take his eyes off of their entwined hands reaching across the dining table, Sherlock's almost engulfed in Victor's impossibly large hand.
Even after all this time John still felt so out of place in this building. Especially now as he was wearing old tattered running shorts, a sweatshirt whose print had been worn away by countless laundries, and a pair of incredibly muddy trainers that left a trail on the immaculate marble floor with his every step.
"Sebastian." John panted, his hands pressed against the taller man's chest, unsure whether to push him away or just enjoy the feel of another body so close to his.
Sherlock fast forwarded the feed so it skipped to every other minute. Then he set it to every other five. Then ten. Then
John could feel the heat rise in his cheeks again and spread across the bridge of his nose as he took out another shot glass and filled both glasses to the brim before putting the bottle back in its place. He slid one towards the man and raised the other.
"Oh John." He heard Sherlock whisper and opened up his eyes only to realize they were filled with tears, some of which had spilled down his temples.
It was easy falling back into a relationship with Victor. Sherlock had always thought of him as a friend first. That first dinner after so many years was a bit awkward at times. The familiarity of each other worn away just enough to leave them on edge. The next dinner was easier, spilling over into a nightcap at Baker Street. It evolved much like it had in their youth.
The fact that Sherlock wasn't a virgin meant nothing when faced with the assault of John H Watson on his senses. His body was reacting and Sherlock could do nothing to stop his small moans and the way his back arched his body into John’s chest.
"I didn't think you'd be home until later." John explained as he righted the bottle of juice which was now lying on it's side.
" John asked, vaguely remembering a young man in a very posh suit and for some unknown reason -wielding an umbrella, sitting and talking to Sherlock during last visitors' day.
As if it was one of his deductions. As if it was an irrefutable fact and there was no use arguing differently.
He had seen John in many situations, happy, nervous, silly, angry, excited, sleepy, mischievous, hurt... -and though it pained him, Sherlock would not delete that last one.
John placed a shot glass on the bar as he reached for the vodka and poured the clear liquid letting it overflow just a little bit, wanting to make up for his little embarrassing episode.
Sherlock was writhing on the floor beneath John. His small cock was already hard again, yet Sherlock refused to touch himself, wanting to come from John’s cock alone.
The day Victor suggested they move in together, to find a flat of their own, found Victor drinking at the local pub alone and Sherlock with a needle in his arm. When Victor found Sherlock a few days later in John’s room, high and filthy, he packed a bag and took Sherlock to his flat, phoning Mycroft on the way.
" he all but sobbed, his whimpers turning into whines when John slowed even further, though it wasn't without every ounce of self-control he had.
Watching John's peaceful face as he slept Sherlock knew that he must do whatever it takes to never let anyone else know either.
Seb growled again above him and continued stroking their cocks faster, making John whimper with over-sensitivity.
Once John was naked, Sherlock pulled him down for a kiss. It started slow, a reassurance that this was what Sherlock wanted, then deepened with renewed arousal and the promise of more. Their teeth colliding as each tried to get as much of the others mouth they could. It was sloppy and wet, the shock of naked skin making them more frantic.
“It is too late, Wainwright,” Holmes said softly but implacably. “I have taken the precaution of preserving the contents of the pipe you gave Whitney. I believe that a few simple tests will demonstrate that it is packed with something a trifle deadlier than opium. I must thank you for acting so promptly. My problem, you see, was that I had no way of knowing when you would move against Whitney, only that your pattern showed that it was inevitable that you would. My disguise allowed me to monitor your activities, but I could not maintain it forever. Despite the fact that you thought me to be engaged on another case, I have seen how carefully you operate and knew that it might be a matter of several days until you made your move. When Watson unwittingly goaded you into arresting me, I realised it was the perfect blind. Once you knew that I was behind bars, I was confident that you would seize the opportunity to act, safe in the knowledge that I was not at liberty to interfere and assuming, as I had not done so at once, that I would not reveal my identity to the men of Bow Street.”
“I seem to have developed a taste for danger in these last few months,” I said, as lightly as I could. I raised it to my lips and kissed his knuckles. “You must allow me to clean and bandage your hands. Just as soon as I assure you that a life spent with Miss Morstan or anyone else of my acquaintance pales in comparison to the one I believe I might have with you. Why do you think I hated the woman so much?”
“My dear boy, I knew that I was the better placed of the two of us to deal with that particular problem,” Holmes drawled, in the tone he used when he was unutterably bored by a client who persisted in asking questions he deemed foolish. “Had Dr Roylott rushed at us with a poker, or any other deadly implement he happened to keep near his person, your presence might indeed have been invaluable, but I did not suppose that even you would need me to explain prior to the event that a large man attempting to cave in one of our skulls might benefit from the attention of your revolver.”
The first time John says it, he’s furious, left hand clenching and unclenching, smiling that vicious little smile. That smile is a weapon and it thrills Sherlock – except, for some reason, when it’s directed at him. Sherlock’s sitting on the closed lid of the toilet, bare chested, the side of his body a long line of blossoming blue and black blood below pale skin.
Sensing my mood, as he so often did, he placed one hand gently on the back of my neck, stroking long fingers through the soft hair that grew there.
“I believe it to be, yes,” he said, laying a tentative hand on my shoulder. When I did not shrug it off, he moved closer, pressing his warm, bare chest to my back and curling his legs until they fit snugly behind mine, his strong thighs cradling my own.
“There is still time. I believe there is a performance of Wagner coming soon to Covent Garden. Perhaps I can be of assistance to someone with a private box. As a last resort, there is always Mycroft. And in the meantime I have no shortage of other fantasies that we can work on fulfilling.”
It was as tangled a matter as any Holmes had taken on and I found myself somewhat relieved that we had not travelled to Woking only to be faced with a problem that was unworthy of his skills. Poor Phelps was evidently drained by the time he finished recounting how an important naval treaty had mysteriously vanished from his possession and I could see that, although his attack of brain-fever had abated, he was far from well. His fiancée poured him a glass of some sort of medication and he took it gratefully, bestowing a small smile on her. I watched them for a few moments, unguardedly, as Holmes sat in silence with his eyes closed, deep in thought and apparently oblivious to his surroundings.
My voice was shaking. Even in that desperate moment, I hoped that he would think that the cause of my distress was anger, not the exquisitely painful sensation of my heart splintering into fragments, deadly shrapnel nestling inside my breast.
When John finally does say it, Sherlock isn’t expecting it. In fact, Sherlock is on the floor of the bathroom, his skin grey and his stomach empty but still roiling and twisting like it’s trying to claw its way out of his mouth.
I turned away in confusion and at last took note of the blond man, who was standing at my elbow, asking with increasing irritation what the problem was.
“Miscalculated what? You know as well as I do that if you call an unhinged killer holding a knife one of the stupidest people in Britain they’re likely to take a swing at you. I mean, if you called a random bloke down the pub one of the stupidest people in Britain in that tone of voice he’d have a swing at you too but at least he probably wouldn’t be holding an enormous bloody knife at the time.”
“I knew from the moment we met that you had been in Afghanistan and that you had served as a military doctor. That you had been discharged early due to injury was clear from the strain I glimpsed in your face, for, although handsome, it bears the signs of suffering. Though I saw no evidence of your injury, I noticed that you hold you left arm in a stiff fashion, as though accustomed to compensating for pain caused by movement. Clearly, then, the injury to was to that part of your anatomy and, given what I know of the conditions in Afghanistan, the most likely cause of it was a gunshot wound.”
John bent over Sherlock one more time to press a kiss to the corner of his neck and shoulder before standing back up and pulling out of him.
"To London." Sherlock clarified. "Will you come live with me? You can find a job a surgery if you really want one, though you won't have to. As I've said the flat and living expenses will be paid for by my brother."
He opened the refrigerator and grabbed for a bottle of juice as he started humming a song to himself.
He's was abruptly cut off as Sherlock dunked his head in the water and came back up choking and sputtering like a wet cat.
The man from the bar was standing in front of him with an unlit cigarette between his lips, watching John with an amused look in his eyes.
." He growled and licked at the hollow of John's throat making him gasp before standing back and pulling off the younger man's shirt almost violently.
“There’s my genius detective. Now tell me, would you like me to suck your cock?” John asked. He skimmed his hands along Sherlock’s flank and waited for a response. Every inch of Sherlock’s body was screaming yes but he knew that John wouldn’t touch him until he verbalized his consent. He drew in a breath and whined, “Yes, John!”
He left London for good. Selling the flat. Getting rid of anything that reminded him of Victor. Sherlock thought that after thirty years he wouldn’t miss the man so much when he was gone. But he did. God did he miss him.
"Then they're using him for something." He claimed, and Sherlock couldn't tell whether he was deducing, or trying to comfort him in some bizarre way.
He wanted to wake John up and tell him. To let him know. To repeat it over and over and over till he was literally as breathless he felt at the thought.
As for living expenses, knowing John wouldn't have accepted any large sum of money no matter who claimed to be giving it to him, Sherlock hacked into his bank account and had been entering small sums on a regular basis, nothing that would raise any suspicion, but would help John pay his bills without becoming desperate for cash by the end of each month.
It grounded John. Made him feel as though he was safe, shielded from the light wind and random onlookers by Seb's larger body.
"You just came back form a rugby game with your friends. Walking to the kitchen for a cool drink before your impromptu shower you decided you were hungry and proceeded to prepare yourself a meal. This is evident by the clothes you were wearing before I undressed you and the state of your skin and hair prior to us engaging in sexual intercourse, and of course the recipe for your desired meal was easily deduced by the ingredients you so gracefully poured over the kitchen-isle. As was the drink you originally sought after." Sherlock fired in a single breath. "Quite elementary."
He went slow at first, their foreheads pressed together, both of them panting heavily into each-other's mouths.
The feeling of John’s tongue on his hole was so different than it had been on his cock. Where it had been light and teasing before, it was now firm against Sherlock’s tight entrance. Sherlock relaxed into the intrusion, pressing back to get as much as he could of John into him.
Both men were panting, bodies slick with sweat, spit, and cum. John reached up to stroked Sherlock’s cheek and giggled.
The other man now leaned in on one arm and raised his own glass to his mouth drinking it slowly as he watched John, the predatory gaze lingering in his pale eyes.
Mycroft of course picked up on the subtext and filled in the rest of the information within seconds.
"The fact that you're still here and not in line at an unemployment office in some forgotten corner of the United Kingdom or rotting in a jail-cell, is proof that Mycroft approves of you, and though begrudgingly, of our relationship."
Sherlock couldn't explain it. He couldn't even truly bring himself to care -and that almost more than anything, was what fascinated Sherlock.
It was still a struggle. At crime scenes he would still turn to ask John his opinion, though he hadn’t accompanied him on a case since Appledore. In the long hours of boredom he would find himself talking to John, running through facts from a case, not realizing what he was doing until his questions were left hanging in the still air of the flat, not to be answered. The flat on Baker Street was haunted with John Watson’s ghost, Sherlock was sure of it. He could hear the rasp of the razor in the bathroom, quiet footsteps in the room upstairs.
The realization that he meant as much to Sherlock as the younger man meant to him, combined with the knowledge that Sherlock didn't want to separate from him and had actually planned a future for the two of them together, filled John with an overwhelming sense of contentedness.
Sherlock paused and glanced up with an incredulous look. "And what would you pair with a bespoke suit? Combat boots?"
John who was too overwhelmed to make a sound threw his head back, mouth open wide in a silent cry as he came, spilling over Sherlock's hand and his own stomach and chest. He gulped in deep breaths as Sherlock continued to fuck into him, causing stars to spark behind his eyelids with each thrust at his now over-sensitive prostate.
“I love you,” he murmured beside me, so low it was almost a whisper, and I squeezed his hand, too languorous to move.
“Of that I am well aware, my dear fellow. No doubt you are as unaware of the effect you had on Phelps and as he was of his own effect on Harrison.”
He was looking at me earnestly, his eyes full of doubt. It was an expression I saw so rarely on the face of Sherlock Holmes that I felt my heart stutter for moment. I took one of his hands and pressed it gently, careful to avoid the cuts on his fingers, which were still tacky with blood.
“At first he expressed great joy at the news but increasingly I wondered if perhaps he was not in truth as happy as he professed. The night the treaty went missing, as I told you and Mr Holmes yesterday, I returned to Woking in a deplorably anxious condition, nearly crippled by the shame I had brought on myself and my office. What I did not say was that I went at once to see Joseph, who was alone in his bedroom. He was horrified when I told him what had occurred and what it meant for my future. Immediately, he stated that I must call off the engagement with Annie. When I refused, he threatened to tell her the truth about what had passed between the two of us. He said that she would forgive him, for he could not help loving me, but that she would never pardon me for what I had done to him and for what I had concealed from her. Driven half-mad with fear and appalled to hear him speak of love in the same breath as he threatened everything I had come to hold dear, I flew into a rage. I swore that he could tell Annie whatever he liked but that I would deny it and reminded him that he had no proof with which to furnish her. Unfortunately, I have a rather distinctive birthmark in a rather sensitive location…”
“You don’t seem very surprised,” Sherlock murmurs after a moment, running his fingers down the knobs of John’s spine.
“I have observed that you maintain an unnatural stiffness in your left arm much of the time, holding your shoulder at an awkward angle, but that when you are distracted your arm is often relaxed and your left shoulder quite as mobile as your right. Therefore, I knew that your reasons for continuing to favour it must be mental rather than physical. The residual pain you feel in the limb is the result not of your original wound but of the strain placed on your muscles by the stiff way you hold it. Given the deftness of that catch and the fact that it evidently caused you no pain, you will be obliged to acknowledge that I have cause to believe so."
“So I am led to believe,” said Holmes thoughtfully. “And yet I am somewhat surprised at her choice of groom. She has a face that a man might die for, but I fancy it is her mind that makes her truly unique. If she is as clever as I believe her to be, she is among the five smartest people in London.”
“I will take the case,” he said. “It is apparent that your friend ‘Tadpole’ is in dire need of assistance. If you are ready, let us start at once for Woking.”
Holmes smile was perhaps the most brilliant I had ever seen it and for a moment I lost myself in the shapely curve of his lips.
“Fifteen minutes? I hardly think that’s very charitable. Several hours elapsed, at the least, even if we did pause in between once or twice.”
“I thought you were dead!” I expostulated. “You disappear for two days, with no word, and then I find you drugged and disguised in an opium den. It would take a better man than me to weave an elaborate deception under those circumstances – and I still do not know for whom the deception to which I have found myself a party is being enacted.”
