‘I’ve got to go. Rosie.’
Jim had already gotten his cock out and was steadily pumping it, rubbing his thumb lightly around the head, sometimes grazing the edge of Sherlock’s slit and if he had been in any condition to talk he would have been begging James for more, for less, for anything that would bring him relief-
He looked happier, healthier and
‘If you die we’re screwed!’ Victor screamed as he slipped down the tiles. ‘Jesus, Sher, what do we do now?’
Rosie nodded, and John’s heart clenched in his chest as he watched the two of them together, tall and small, dark and light, father and daughter. ‘You mean, come out
‘I’ve- I’ve got to go,’ he said numbly. ‘I’m going to find Sh-Sherlock.’ He stumbled out of the room and up the stairs, brain on overload. Partly because if Greg was right, if Violet had killed herself, the royal family had kept that a secret for almost twenty years and partly because Sherlock hadn’t told him.
Mary to walk in on them, to see her broken face, but he knows the rush he will get from breaking Sherlock will be so,
‘Of course I do,’ John scoffed, and he threw the tie at Sherlock. ‘I enjoy it, though. You meet the most…interesting people.’
‘They shouldn’t,’ John said honestly. ‘That was amazing. Just a little wrong. Harry is my sister; it’s short for Harriet.’
‘So how are you?’ Mike asked easily. Sherlock shrugged. ‘A bit overwhelmed. I don’t think any of us were expecting a welcome home party.’ They’d literally pulled into the house from the airport when the massive group of people had appeared, swarming over to the three of them. Siger said it was because he was so well-loved: Sherlock and his mother agreed it was due to Sherlock’s new-found fame.
‘It’s a list,’ Violet frowned. ‘Look. It has seven bullet points, and it’s in Daddy’s handwriting.’
There was nothing to say after that, because it was true.
John turned away from Irene and shouted, ‘I’ll miss you more!’ And then, seeing the wince on Sherlock’s face, ‘I love you!’
Sherlock waved a hand. ‘Technicalities. We have been more than friends for almost a year, and I will never want anyone the way I want you.’
‘Now.’ Henry said firmly. John sighed but stood, walking out of the room and down the hall into the den.
John hadn't expected for him and Sherlock to click again, like they’d done last time. He’d thought too much time had passed, they were both too much older and they hadn't seen or spoken to each other in too long a time: they’d come back to the resort and John had assumed they would ignore each other for the four weeks that John was here.
a relatively cheap flat, John was pretty much ready to take anything he could get, even if it was a job as a GP and a flat with a complete stranger who Mike decided he should be introduced to right away. As they walked, Mike talked about the stranger’s slight tendency to play the violin in the middle of the night (weird), read your mind (weirder) and whip dead bodies (weirdest) and John got more and more uncomfortable as they climbed the stairs at St Barts, walked down a long corridor and headed for one of the labs. Maybe he shouldn’t do this. Maybe he should just go and live in Hyde Park with the ducks, they seemed happy enough-
Sherlock preened, obviously pleased with himself. ‘Did I not mention I was a comic genius?’
Irene rolled her eyes and sat on the bed, putting a hand on Sherlock’s thigh. ‘I know this isn’t good for your relationship,’ she said quietly. ‘I know you and John aren’t great right now. But you know just as well as I do that if you blow this off, you’ll just piss off all the wrong people.’
of a father than Dad. You brought me up, paid for me, loved me, looked after me, and did a brilliant job about it, as well. I know you, Papa, and I don't want you banging on about not being worthy and not deserving it because you
century was a lot more complex. Suddenly everything had risk: suddenly, I had two people to care for. It was extremely hard keeping Felix out of the army in 1914 and 1939: everyone seemed to think the
He lies down, putting his head on the pillow next to Sherlock’s.
Sherlock adores Lizzie. He takes her to the park, talks to her as if she’s an educated, intelligent adult and even
John was confused; the King couldn’t be dead, he was fine, he’d been on the balcony two days before they got the letter. He wasn’t too old, he was healthy, how was he dead?
Sherlock was jolted out of his reverie by Molly tapping his shoulder and pointing at the oven. ‘Ahem. Sherlock. Open the oven and check on the biscuits. If they’re a light golden-brown, they’re done. I’ll get out a plate.
She had ruled for nine years as her eldest son’s regent. She had successfully avoided two wars, got the economy back on track, and made alliances with the other two most powerful countries in the world; the US and China, which had led to increased trade and investment in their Kingdom’s businesses.
‘Twelve finally worked up the balls to say…something to Clara. Look.’ Jim nodded in the direction of the snogging corner and Sherlock picked out Twelve Smith’s familiar velvet jacket and Clara’s short blue skirt. ‘Ah. Unexpected. I thought he would never say anything. Have…have you seen John?’
The moment they reach the flat John has him up against the wall and is kissing him as hard as he can.
Mycroft sniffed, but he couldn’t help the small smile that spread across his face. ‘I’m pleased.’
Sherlock had smirked at his brother over his gold-rimmed tea cup and sipped elegantly, little finger sticking out as he had been taught. ‘Jealous, Mycroft?’
John ducked his head. ‘Me too.’ And then, with that smile, that
Victor followed him as he sauntered towards the gate. The sun was too bright; it made everything look more…there. Sherlock often got a headache when he went into London; the noise, the people, the stories, all around him. Sometimes…
‘Jaaaawn.’ Sherlock scrunched up his nose, staring blearily down his nose at John, who was sprawled in the chair opposite him. ‘I think…I think you spiked my drink.’
Silence.
Sherlock knew it was wrong. Sherlock knew it was awful. Sherlock knew, the moment he did it, that he was a horrible person who would rot in hell, and he was so ashamed, so fucking ashamed, but he did it anyway.
‘So?’ Harry grumbled from the kitchen table. ‘Why is that special?’
’ Mycroft took a deep breath before looking at his husband with puppy-like eyes. ‘Am I?’
Quite a collection.’ He watched the waiter closely, expecting a whitening of the face, or a clench of the jaw, or even a punch in the face (it had happened before- Sebastian Wilkes had almost broken his nose).
Because it was true. He loved Sherlock, he loved him more than anything else in the entire world, and he always would.
‘He does,’ Sherlock said, collapsing into his chair. ‘But why would you think that?’
Sherlock scowled before snatching the wine back, finishing off the bottle and then standing up, swaying slightly. ‘It may be shit, but it’s strong.’ He admitted. ‘We’ve shared three bottles and already I feel…’
‘I have interests that lie outside preventing the destruction of our country and our empire,’ Mycroft said, glaring at Sherlock, ‘unlike a certain brother of mine.’
He waited for John to say something but the older man stayed silent, and Sherlock realised he’d fallen asleep, head on Sherlock’s pillow, arms loose around his head.
And James gave him more.
He put his hands on John’s waist because that was all he could think of doing in that moment, and he couldn't believe that John was actually in his arms right then, properly, completely. He’d dreamed about it, of course he had, but now John was actually here and he knew that he would never, ever be able to let him go.
‘Hi guys.’ John said nervously; he was cracking his knuckles, something which Sherlock knew he only did when he was under pressure.
John’s heart froze.
Sherlock came with incredible ferocity, closely followed by Hamish, who groaned and collapsed onto him, breathing heavily into his neck. They were both spent, both sweaty, and both fully clothed (save for Sherlock’s tie, which was crumpled in a heap in the corner of the room).
Sherlock smiled lazily. ‘Jealous, Irene?’
.’ Sherlock snapped. ‘I don't want to be brought in.’
And Sherlock could see it, in John’s eyes, that he had finally, finally worked out who, exactly, James Moriarty was. All of those references, all of those times Sherlock came so close to telling him but never did, and finally, finally, John knew, and why hadn't Sherlock told him? Why had he been such an idiot?
Unfortunately (or fortunately, maybe?) Sherlock didn't get to hear about Jim’s idea for his and John’s first date because the potassium iodide Jim had added to their test tube caused a complete combustion of sodium and the test tube shattered, throwing flaming precipitate everywhere. In the resulting chaos Jim seemed to forget about Sherlock and his John problems due to the massive, gaping hole in his jacket sleeve (‘this is Westwood! Westwood!’).
John’s daughter is born on his thirty-fifth birthday, and Sherlock is there. The moment she is born John leaves the room and sits next to Sherlock, tells him that he has a daughter and then says nonchalantly,
He stared at John for a long time without saying a word. He wasn’t frozen, he wasn’t in his mind palace, he was just looking at John and thinking and as John watched him he thought of how it looked like Sherlock was deliberating something-
Sherlock moved his mouth off, moving off John’s dick with a pop that should not have been as sexy as it was and saying in that voice (
‘Chemistry, Surrey, Victor. You already knew that.’
Mycroft had kept it hidden well; Sherlock had had no inkling that his favourite brother was gay, and that was saying something because Sherlock was very, very rarely wrong. And now Mycroft looked so vulnerable, so open to harassment, and he was just looking at Sherlock with that resigned expression, as if Sherlock was going to tell him he was stupid and that he was going to get hurt and that if their father ever found out he was totally buggered.
The bed was a single, military issue, not unlike one in a hospital, and they were ridiculously cramped and it clearly wasn’t doing John’s shoulder any good, but it was one of the best nights sleeps that John ever had, because he was with Sherlock again, and that meant that everything was perfect.
John was still scowling. ‘I hate this,’ he said for what had to be the millionth time.
‘And your father doesn’t know?’ John asked. It wasn’t really a question, more of a statement, but Sherlock answered anyway, finally finding his voice, although why he was so nervous he wasn't sure, what was wrong with him?
‘Carry on,’ John interrupts, and Sherlock’s heart begins to race. He doesn’t look angry, or upset: in fact…
Why had John told himself that it hadn’t been a plot by James Moriarty and possibly that poisonous advisor? Why hadn’t John been suspicious in any way?
Except, of course, it was exactly like punching himself. Both of them staggered, simultaneously, before John tripped over a chair leg and fell onto the man, knocking them both onto the ground.
especially because Irene Adler was apparently three months younger than him and had caused almost as much scandal in her part of Britain as Sherlock had in the whole Kingdom.
John didn’t feel anything for the King.
Sherlock was everywhere, on his tongue and his hands, in his sight and his nose, vibrating in his eardrums,
raised by the memory of a ghost: he was raised by John, and John did a good job, and yes, he’ll miss Sherlock for the rest of his life, but he has other people to remember him by. Not pine for him by,
Sherlock groaned and put his head in his hands. ‘This is getting stupid, now. Can you really imagine me writing a poem, Michael?’
Sherlock rounded the corner, and John Watson pushed him against the wall before reaching up and kissing him.
Greg looked slightly uncomfortable. ‘Does…does Sherlock talk about his mum much?’
John hears his voice shake and frowns, lacing his fingers with Sherlock. ‘Are you ok, Sher?’
‘Oh. Hmm. What about a smiley face-‘
John names him Nathaniel Sherlock Watson-Holmes. The name was one of Sherlock’s choices, and it’s just about pretentious enough that it fits in with the rest of the Holmes family’s monickers. His middle name should be Thomas, which is John’s choice, but he can’t bear not to have Sherlock’s name live on somehow. Sherlock’s mother, Violet, is especially pleased, and it is clear from the moment she first holds him that her grandson will fill the hole in her heart that her son once filled.
‘Irene,’ Charlotte purred, ‘I came out to my parents.’
‘Can we do anything?’ Jenny instantly volunteered, and John nodded. The resort was like a second home to him and he couldn't believe someone would do something like that: how could they be that cruel?
‘Perfectly all right, John.’ James replied, not taking his eyes off Sherlock, watching him like a predator watches his prey, and he looked exactly the same as he always did, with that Westwood suit and the dark eyes and the dark hair and Sherlock had a sudden flashback to how soft and feathery that hair felt beneath his hand and no, Sherlock, no, no, no. ‘I’m the son of James Richard Brook, Duke of Galway, and Siobhan Karen Moriarty, Lady of Limerick. Younger brother to Kaitlin Sara Moriarty, twin brother to Richard Lochlan Brook. I was born on the 6
‘Reichenbach.’
‘I know.’ Sherlock leaned against the table, hardly able to believe what he had just done. ‘God, John.
‘Ten minutes, but I’ve had company.’ John squeezed Sherlock’s hand and gestured towards a boy who was inspecting the painting that Sherlock had hung above his dresser. He was turned away from Sherlock so he could only see the back of his head but a pang of recognition ran through him, and Sherlock, still holding John’s hand, said cheerfully, ‘what can I do for you?’
He asks Sherlock to be his best man. Sherlock’s face closes, and John has to shut his eyes as the rush builds inside him, threatening to burst out. He listens to Sherlock’s speech at the wedding and, for the first time, regrets trying to break him, because it’s so obvious that Sherlock has no idea what John is doing that John actually feels pity. For all his brains, Sherlock Holmes can be incredibly stupid, and John feels guilty. Thankfully this only lasts a few minutes, because as Mary’s father makes the speech Sherlock slips his hand into John’s and John knows that he’s doing the right thing.
‘Stupid?’ Sherlock said jokingly as he padded towards the door. ‘I’m never stupid. I’m going to the dance studio, Mycroft, don’t follow me like the overweight stalker you are.’
Jim didn’t stop him; John actually thought he looked a little relieved. The Irish man waited until Sherlock had crossed away from the edge and was standing right next to John before smiling, chuckling as he looked at the two men.
‘You’re sitting straight and tense, although you’re around someone you know and there a relatively few people around you. You’re used to having to react quickly and to behave impeccably, even in environments where you should consider yourself safe, such as school or at home. Abusive father. You’ve had to move away at the beginning of your last year of secondary school which is odd itself- clearly something large happened and your mother decided to take you away for a fresh start. If she was hiding from your father she would have moved further away, I can tell you’re from London because of your accent, so he must be in prison and your mother believes you will still be safe in London. You’re holding your left shoulder as if it hurts and I can see the outline of a bandage and I deducted that you play rugby from your muscular build, particularly big shoulders, and calloused hands; the balls are often rough and scratchy. The way you hold yourself also suggests cadets and you’re wearing dog tags- I’m assuming they belonged to an Uncle considering your relationship with your father. You want to join the army in his memory, or maybe to make him proud if he’s still alive. I deducted you did PE from your build and also from the army dream. You mentioned you wanted to be a doctor to Mike about twenty minutes ago; you must be doing biology and, considering your physical background, chemistry is more likely than physics. You also have the words paper 2: WWI on the back of your hand; history. Your phone has an engraving on it,’ Sherlock pointed at the phone, which was loose in John’s hand, ‘which reads Sorry, Johnny- Harry x. He calls you Johnny, a nickname; a family member. The phone is a newer model, though it’s been used, which indicates it came from someone only a few years older than you at most; a brother. Now, why would he be sorry? He didn't move away with you. Why didn't he move away with you? He ran away. Why did he run away? Alcohol.’
John didn’t come back. Sherlock sat on his chair and retreated into his mind palace, organising and tidying useless facts, creating new rooms and destroying useless ones.
‘No.’ Sherlock said flatly. ‘I choose him.’
Sherlock couldn't breathe.
he had felt towards Sherlock since they had met into the kiss.
John encouraged him to eat. John encouraged him to drink. John even cooked him his favourite foods; after Sherlock admitted his favourite dish was macaroni cheese, a meal that hadn’t been cooked for him since his mother passed, John had made it for him after printing the recipe off the internet. Sherlock could still see John, standing in the palace kitchen grating cheese, biting his lip in concentration as the chefs laughed at him.
‘No talking,’ Irene said, still looking shocked. ‘Kissing.’ And this time she pulled Molly towards her, everyone cheered, and Jim caught Sherlock’s eye and mouthed
They were almost at Sherlock’s room when a voice came from behind them. ‘Brother mine-‘
It also made him totally ripped, but that was irrelevant.
as Sherlock, but this boy could. ‘John.’
John looked gloomily down at his coffee. If Mike didn’t show in the next five minutes, he decided he would leave. Go home, eat chocolate and watch Jeremy Kyle with Harry-
‘We need everybody we can,’ Violet said. She looked terrible: worried and pale and sick with anxiety. ‘Thank you so much, John.’
John nods: of course the boy wants to honour his father, John wants that as well. ‘That’s beautiful, son, and your Dad would have been so delighted-‘
Twitter had gone nuts and John had seen, scarcely daring to believe it, that the London Eye had been blown up.
He leaned closer. I could feel his hot breath on my neck, smell his dark, musky cologne. “Are you afraid, little boy?”
There is something about a place of incarceration that saps the spirit of all hope, even when one is only a visitor. The very air carries with it the stink of hopelessness and despair. I have entered gaols and prisons many times in my life, always at Holmes’ side in connection with one of his cases, but I have never gotten used to it and I doubt I ever shall.
“Since you returned home quite late the other night,” Holmes remarked, turning his gaze in my direction. “Or should I say... morning?”
“We’ll see what Mrs. Hudson has to say about that,” said Holmes, his eyes bright with amusement. “Not to mention what Gladstone will think.”
“Except my freedom,” I replied. “Except my body and my soul.”
“Wasn’t the fellow any good at all?” he inquired, already knowing the answer.
“Yes,” he continued. “The countess especially has been singing your praises to all her friends, but you know how the French are – so effusive in their emotions. And the ladies at Madame Sophie’s house in Lambeth are quite fond of you. I congratulate you on your taste in patronizing that establishment. Madame’s girls are known for their cleanliness, if not their discretion.”
“Well, I will not brook this!” she angrily notified me. “If you and Mr. Holmes have had a falling out, I say that you should make up with him and have done with it. But do not go off in a huff and leave me to deal with his rants and tantrums! Nor to mention his horrible chemicals and that gun he shoots off whenever he is the worse for drink or whatever it is he takes when he’s bored!”
Wiggins put down his pint and wiped his mouth on the sleeve of his jacket. Or my jacket. “Come and see me room, Doctor. I ain’t half proud of it.”
“That I did!” she offered. “And Mr. Mycroft, too. I started in service in this house when I was 13, as an under-parlourmaid, so I’ve seen many doings in this family. Come here, Doctor.” She beckoned me to the stairway and held her candle aloft. “This is Mr. Mycroft and Mr. Sherlock as lads.” She showed me a portrait of two children in velvet jackets, their faces solemn. Mycroft even then was a stout fellow, while Holmes had bright, knowing eyes that pierced right to the heart.
“Friday,” I replied. “Yes. I think I could. Tear myself away, I mean.”
“Mr. Mycroft is the picture of his father, except more...” Mrs. Jenkins hesitated, unwilling to say a word against her master.
“You’ve done well for yourself, Wiggins,” I said.
This sounded like superstitious nonsense, even more dubious from a man so invested in reason. “You mean kings and queens? And not those in a desk of cards.”
Fred raised an eyebrow, but then he nodded. I knew he was pleased. The entire group began nodding encouragement. All except Holmes, of course.
“Now see here, Holmes!” I sputtered. “This is too much!”
“Good-bye, Dr. Watson!” James cried. He embraced me fervently. “I’ll write you every week!”
“My future?” Mick glanced at James. “What do you mean?”
I opened it. “Yes?”
“Yes, Mrs. Jenkins. Business takes us back to London,” I said. “But I hope we will return for a longer stay, perhaps this summer.”
“You are quite the melodramatic fellow, aren’t you?” Mycroft lumbered to the door, nudging me aside. He took out a key and opened it. “Brother Sherlock requested privacy and I complied. Now you may enter.”
“Perhaps I’ll take a bite later, but not now. I’m going upstairs to bed. Please inform Mr. Lovell and ask him to pass the word on to Mr. Holmes.”
What would he make of my desertion? Would be believe it was because of what we had done? Would he think I was ashamed? Or that I had decided I no longer wanted to be with him? That I didn’t really care for him. That I didn’t love him?
“I made my choices,” I said. “I have no regrets.”
“Good God, Watson!” Holmes cried, bursting in. “What the devil are you doing lazing about like this? Dress yourself! We are going out.”
The dog came and I re-attached the lead.
‘I’m me,’ he whispered. ‘This is me, right here, right now, with you.’
Sherlock nodded and William reached out with his arms, clasping his son’s shoulders. ‘God, you’re so like your mother,’ John heard him whisper as he pulled in Sherlock for a hug.
He’d been bullied in primary school, he’d developed depression in his earlier years at secondary school, he’d almost killed himself four times before he turned fourteen, but he’d brought himself back from the edge and now he was actually
It was the best dish he had ever eaten.
They’ve been together for two years when Sherlock decides he needs to tell John the truth.
'They knew that would have the most impact,' John murmured. 'They knew that it would hurt more to just come from Mycroft. I mean, he was always portrayed as having such a close relationship with-'
The most synchronised gasp John had ever heard echoed through the room.
‘If you’d been thinking, you could have invited him to the prom at a crime scene. He’d have loved that,’ Lestrade said. Sherlock shook his head. ‘Crime scenes are
John kept his eyes on Sherlock, not even glancing at James, who was now lying on the bed, stretched out on the crumpled sheets and watching with a delighted smirk on his face, and Sherlock opened his mouth and said, ‘John-‘
I wish I could, and I swear to you, again, that I will raise our son in the best way that I can to
of a cock as him?’ He nodded at Mycroft, who was now sneering at a potato speared on the end of his fork.
The car stopped. Sherlock took a deep breath, clenched his fist, and entered the Abbey, keeping his features regal and solemn, as he had been told too.
Jack shrugged and stopped the car, getting out and opening the door. As Sherlock stepped out he said, grinning, ‘so you’re going to blame me if this fails?’
Irene raised an eyebrow. ‘What the hell did you do?’
the children
Sherlock was happier than he had ever been. In his opinion, nothing could ruin it, and for the first time since his mother died he felt truly content. His relationship with his family was slowly mending, him and Mycroft were stronger than they'd ever been before and John and he, he was sure, were going to live happily together for the rest of their lives.
‘That’s not fair,’ Irene said from the corner. John looked at her, doing the eye thing where he looked happy but wasn’t really (Sherlock hated that look, it was misleading) and said, ‘if you’ll shut up right now, I’m talking to my boyfriend.’
‘So what, I like you too,’ Sherlock replied, bemused. ‘But I already knew that-‘
‘Noted.’ John murmured. Sherlock stopped at the guard post and grinned at the person inside. ‘Mike. Please inform my father I’ve returned, and tell him I have a…’ Sherlock glanced at John, who smiled back at him and finished quietly, ‘friend.’
‘I see you made an effort.’ Mycroft broke the silence, staring at his brother in interest. ‘New cologne, new suit, even combed your hair.’
‘Yup.’
‘Not going to have a strange woman bringing up my kids,’ Greg said adamantly. ‘Just fucks them up. I know this bloody family are obsessed with it but no way.’
Then they were kissing again, and this time Sherlock was doing it properly, using everything he’d learned from Victor and Jim and Irene and the others, all put together to
‘Irene, then-‘
‘Truth,’ Sherlock replied. He was leaning heavily on John, who had to put an arm around the younger boy to keep him upright at all: Mike had made several comments about being a loner in the midst of two couples. John had felt a spike of pleasure at that, and then a spike of shame at the thought.
‘Yes…’ John put down his other bag: he felt like they might be there for a bit of time.
John was still staring at Sherlock meaningfully. He opened his mouth. ‘In fact, Sherlock, I-‘
It’s fine, he told himself. You’re over him. You don’t love him anymore-
‘Are you fucking?’ Smith had asked, wonder clear on his features. ‘Jesus, Johnny! You’re going to be Queen!’ A real smile broke out on his face, briefly, before he looked shocked and a tear leaked out of his left eye. 'How can I be smiling, Johnny?' He whispered. 'How can I be smiling while he's dead? I loved him, John. God, I'm going to hell, but I
John’s mouth fell open.
John followed her gaze and instantly wished he hadn’t.
pleasurable that it was only a matter of moments before Sherlock was coming in his trousers like a fourteen year old school boy.
Sherlock’s half-smile reappeared. ‘And why is it not good?’
Sherlock rolled his eyes at John, who was clearly trying very hard not to laugh as he crouched next to his daughter. ‘Charlie, darling, what did you want to tell Daddy?’
‘That one there looks so like William!’ Harry cried, suddenly looking extremely interested.
John thought it was best not to think about it.
‘God,’ Sherlock sighed. ‘I love that show.’
‘Why are you laughing?’ Charlotte said stonily, interrupting the laughter. ‘Why would that be an issue?’
John told Jenny all of this in great detail, but unfortunately when he finally finished his mother just laughed and said, ‘So you’re jealous.’
Mike rolled his eyes. ‘Sherlock, seriously-‘
‘Go.’ William commanded, and Sherlock nodded. ‘Fine.’ He turned around, gesturing for Victor to follow him. They were almost out of the door when William called, ‘Sherlock? No…no inappropriate behaviour.’
’ John replied hotly. ‘I’m not
he’s feeling better all the time.’
Sherlock’s brain froze.
Sherlock sets his mug carefully on the table, and then stands up. ‘John.’ And then, the only thing he can think to say, ‘It’s okay.’
‘And a normal black pen-‘
‘You know how this will look.’ John growled, trying hard to avoid looking at the cameras. ‘My mum will blab, someone she’s blabbed to will blab, and the headline on Monday will be
‘Yeah.’ Greg confirmed. ‘Straight after. In all the newspapers I remembered from before, he was happy, smiley, a normal kid, you know?’
‘Daddy,’ Alec said, scandalised. ‘Don’t abbreviate!’
Both brothers were looking at him, Sherlock eager, Mycroft daring him to answer wrong; they looked so alike John was half-tempted to take a picture and tack it to the fridge with a funny title.
Sherlock rolled his eyes (he had no time for religion) but said, ‘all this I promise to do.’
Irene rolled her eyes and smiled fondly at Jacob. She would never say so, but Jacob was by far her favourite of his children; she was even his godmother.
‘I love you,’ he snarled, and the words were as twisted as the emotions that Sherlock felt towards this man standing in front of him, because Sherlock did love him but not in the right way. It was not a healthy, good love, not the sort of love that Sherlock felt for John and that was why he knew that choosing John was right and perfect and brilliant. ‘But I hate you, James Moriarty. I hate you, and I hate myself for loving you-‘
John turned away from Sherlock and stepped out of the resort, guilt and vengeance twisting in his gut.
Sheila shook her head. ‘Sorry, love.’
‘He’s only one hundred and twenty six years old,’ Sherlock replies, looking fondly at the picture of his son. ‘He’s barely lived-’
Instead, the morning after they’d arrived, Sherlock had stalked into the dining hall and grabbed John. ‘There’s a racoon,’ he said as John followed him out of the hall, ‘in the lake. We need to get him out.’ It was like no time had passed, and John was surprised to find that he was pleased, really, really
Hmm. John, truth or dare?’
on his life for the first time in two years. He was home, he was ready, and he was about to embark on his next, best, biggest adventure, if only John would stop and talk to him and let him near.
Janine rolled her eyes as two other children, a small girl and a plump boy, sat down next to her. ‘Well. Miracles happen.’
Mike Stamford shrugged and picked up the recently dissected heart, moving it into the ‘waste’ bin (it was merely a green, plastic tray which Sherlock dumped all his used body parts in before the hospital cleaners moved them at night) and checking Sherlock’s liver, which he’d added the hydrochloric acid to in the hope that it might dissolve it. ‘This acid is far too concentrated, Sherlock, it’ll dissolve the whole thing. All you’ll have left is a sludgy pile of protein.’
The camera zoomed in on his face.
‘I’ll do them,’ Jenny said, and Siger nodded in thanks. ‘Thank you
Sherlock was standing, stock still, staring out of the window. ‘I’ve forgotten to do something, John.’
‘There was no body on the roof.’ Mycroft was pacing, tapping his umbrella against the floor. ‘No body.’
‘People might talk.’ They’re so close now that Sherlock can feel John’s breath on his face, can smell the cologne he must have put on to go to Sarah’s (his mind palace absolutely refuses to accept any mention of Sarah, and he promptly forgets her). John is so close that Sherlock can see the golden flecks in his pale blue eyes, and it occurs to him that maybe he shouldn’t be standing this close to John, that maybe he should be taking some sort of time-out in order to make sense of all the emotions he’s feeling for the first time in decades, in his life, and
If Morag found out, that was that.
'You're never too young to learn,' Sherlock retaliated. 'And he's so clever that I couldn't let it go to waste.'
‘It’s Siger,’ a voice came back, and John frowned. He had no idea why Sherlock’s dad would be at his door in the middle of the night, but opened up the door further. ‘Um. Hi?’
John can’t say that, though. Not now, not at his son’s wedding. Instead he stands up and claps his son and his son’s new wife as they walk away, and he knows he will remember the happy smile on Nathaniel’s face for as long as he will live.
Sherlock almost smiles.
Mycroft nodded thoughtfully before smiling and saying quietly, 'I wish you a happy coronation day, your Majesty. Congratulations.'
happy.’
they’re rebuilding their lives
Jenny looked at him warmly and put a hand on his shoulder, seemingly forgetting who he was for a moment. ‘I’m sorry, dear.’ She said quietly. ‘It must be hard.’
The other voice was Morag.
John needed Sherlock like he needed oxygen. He had been in love with him for over a year and a half; they had been best friends before that. When John tried to imagine a future without Sherlock…he couldn’t see anything.
‘No. You’re in luck. What can I do for you?’ Sherlock crossed off
The Eye massacre had been the single most horrifying terrorist attack on the Holmes Kingdom ever. It had been on New Year’s Eve, which meant London was more packed than usual, just as the countdown ended. John had been watching from home with Mike and Molly; one second, they’d been counting down and the next there was a huge bang that John actually heard from outside as well as on the TV and the screen went static.
John cleared his throat and asked timidly, ‘Does anybody hear speak English?’
the middle
Mycroft smiled coldly. ‘I see Sherlock still refuses to call him by his Christian name. Or did, two years ago.’ He looked at John, judging his reaction, before sighing. ‘Go and find Sherlock. See if he’s alright. We woke him up and told him what had happened and he…well. Find out for yourself. He’s outside, I think, by the children’s playground.’
‘…you’ve given him the head, you pull out a packet of ejaculate-‘
He joins the army after Uni because he thinks the adrenalin experienced out in the desert will be a million times better than anything he will feel in a stuffy office in London. He’s right in terms of the physical adrenalin, but there aren't many people who’s lives he can ruin out there, and John decided long ago that
John looked away, not really sure what he was meant to be doing. The brown haired boy smirked, before pulling Sherlock up to his own height and kissing him aggressively (John was pretty sure he saw both of their tongues and threw up in his mouth a bit) before releasing him, winking at John, and leaving.
Over and over, as he commits himself to his flatmate/friend/blogger and
‘Can’t you ask him to label it for my benefit?’ Sherlock asked absentmindedly, picking up a test tube and examining it. Mike slipped a pair of safety googles over his eyes and Sherlock nodded in thanks, though it was unnecessary; he predicted that the chance of the test tube exploding was a mere 14%.
‘Jenny.’ Jenny said quickly. ‘If I’m calling a Prince by his preferred name, you must call me by mine.’
John's first night at the palace had been almost three months after they'd met. Once John’s security checks cleared to make sure he wasn’t an assassin, he had been allowed to sleep in 221B, and they played a game called ‘truths’ as they sat in their pyjamas in the sitting room in Sherlock's quarters at about two in the morning. John had already told Sherlock about his first kiss (depressing), his feud with his sister (hilarious) and his sexuality (not gay? What did that mean? Sherlock had found it slightly ambiguous), and now it was Sherlock’s turn.
After that, it’s easy. He dresses, puts a note under the head servant’s door telling him to get out as quickly as possible, and goes outside. Hadrian, his horse, is easy to saddle: Sherlock estimates that he has about half an hour before James realises he’s gone, and Mycroft is about an hour’s ride from him.
John blinked. ‘What?’
Sherlock jumped, realising they were outside the door. ‘Ok.’ He said, dazed, and John stepped in.
‘Boys,’ Mrs Holmes said, smiling sweetly, ‘if you’re going to fight, I’ll be very unhappy.’
‘John Smith,’ Sherlock repeated. ‘I was here for the competition?’
‘Finally.’ Morag (
for Christ's sake. The seven of them didn’t look upset; most of them seemed to be lapping up the attention, ignoring each other in favour of the crowds. Dean, who looked about twenty, was actually waving; his handsome face was shown on the screens covering the square and John knew that he would be receiving a hell of a lot of media attention in the next few months.
right to track us down and vow to speak to them, not
‘Into battle,’ he whispered, and John smiled back. ‘As long as you’re by my side, we can overcome anything.’
The boy, Lestrade, blushed horribly. Mycroft rolled his eyes but his cheeks also went slightly pink. John and Molly exchanged confused looks, Mike laughed and Janine looked disgusted.
His heart racing, his head pounding, John genuinely couldn’t believe it. He couldn’t believe that Sherlock had done that, couldn’t believe that he had experienced feelings so deliciously intense, and couldn’t believe that he had just
John shook his head. ‘Never. I don’t want to bring it up. It’s obviously a big issue for him, which is completely understandable. If that had happened to me…’ he trailed off, shuddering. He couldn’t imagine it now, let alone when he was just five years old.
‘Bart’s?’ Victor scoffed. ‘What the hell-‘
‘Mummy, Mycroft is spying on me again-‘
‘Why- when- what- why?’ John said, revolted. Harry shrugged. ‘You’ve clearly been carrying on together for ages. I’m not blind, Johnny, or stupid. I just wanted confirmation.’
Sherlock smiled as the cheer of
. Sherrinford’s the same: he was so fun when I was a kid. He’d take me out on the lake, he’d walk me around the resort, he’d even start food fights with me…and then he met Ellie, and he didn't want to do any of that anymore.’ Sherrinford was the eldest Holmes brother: he wasn't quite as intelligent as the other two, though still smart, and at least ten years older than Mycroft. John had met him once and not liked him, though he would never say that to Sherlock. For someone who claimed to hate Mycroft as much as he did, he was incredibly loyal to his family.
or address John as anything but
‘Greg.’ Irene took her seat on Jim’s other side, hair ruffled and lipstick slightly smudged. ‘That Anthea is a
Sherlock didn't generally like new people. Although he was popular with every single child in the resort, the only ones he really liked were John, Janine, Molly and Mike. He’d know the latter three since he was tiny and John…well. John was an anomaly, and John liked that.
Sherlock rolls his eyes and glares at the camera. ‘Can we hurry this up, please?’
‘I just wanted to spend some time with you before you grew up properly, brother.’
God, he was bored with the gay crisis.
John shrugged. ‘Sure. Lots of times. We watched the Man U game together last week.’
Sherlock stood and kissed John’s forehead, smiling at him. ‘Football. What is it like in your funny little brain?’
John frowned. ‘You will send a thank you letter to President West. He sent it especially.’
I was expecting to see, but it sure as fuck wasn't that.’ She frowned. ‘Sort of trumps my
‘We’re going to go to the hospital,’ John murmured. ‘We’re going to find Lila, we’re going to watch our child being born, and we’re going to leave that hospital in the next few days with our family complete.’
The voice in his head whispered
John didn’t reply and Sherlock stepped forwards, stopping less than a foot away from John (
‘Silence, John.’ Sherlock said. Now he was this close, John saw the veins at the back of his neck throbbing; his fist was clenched so tightly John suspected he might have dislocated his second finger. He might have appeared calm and collected but John could see just how sick with worry Sherlock was, and it broke his heart.
‘Were you and him ever a thing?’ John asked, and Sherlock rolled his eyes, even though John couldn't even see him. ‘No, John. Never. I think…maybe if you hadn’t-‘ he stopped himself just in time and coughed. ‘No. I don't feel that way towards James Moriarty.’
Sherlock snorted. ‘Mum assigns each of us a new language at the beginning of the year, and we have to be fluent by the end. I’ve done that since I was seven: so far, I’ve got Japanese, Russian, Italian, Portuguese and Spanish as well as French and English.
Heart bursting with love, he cupped John’s cheek, planted a kiss on his (
‘Good, thanks.’ John said. ‘At least, I hope so. You?'
‘You clean up well,’ John joked, and he pulled one of the wayward curls slightly until it sprang back, curling close to Sherlock’s head. ‘Who’d have thought it?’
John stared at his hand on Sherlock’s knee. Sherlock stared at John’s hand on his knee. John looked up at Sherlock. Sherlock looked down at John.
‘Who says I’m not?’ Jim smirked, and for a moment Sherlock saw that blank look in his dark eyes. Most people couldn't see any emotion in Jim’s eyes; some (brave) people described him as empty, emotionless, psychotic. These people were wrong. Jim felt and Jim felt keenly, strongly, much more vividly than most ordinary people, just like Sherlock, he just hid it very, very well. It was one of the things Sherlock truly admired about him, usually, but sometimes…
Jenny Watson hated Morag, advisor to the royal family, with a passion. She had seen Morag as the main reason why nobody could be told of Sherlock and John’s romantic arrangement and had been outraged when the older woman had literally threatened the Watson family if they dared breathe a word of John and Sherlock’s relationship to anybody.
‘Shut up.’ John was still breathing hard, his eyes flickering around the airport, desperately avoiding Sherlock’s gaze. ‘Right. Ok. I rehearsed what I was going to say in the car.’
Sherlock grabbed James’ tie and pulled him close enough that he could count his eyelashes, close enough that he could see the specks of black in those deep, brown eyes.
‘You don’t know them.’ Mycroft said, still looking out of the window. ‘They’re here quite frequently, though. They’re a detective at Scotland Yard; only twenty-five years old, but already detective-inspector. They were here on the day Father found out about John and you.’ Sherlock shuddered at these words: that day had probably been one of the worst in his entire life. He had called his father’s bluff, hoping against all hopes that he would choose his son over his homophobic ideals, but there had been a moment when he had been sure that his father was going to throw him from the castle.
‘Show me.’ John had said. It wasn’t a request, it wasn’t an order; it was something in between. And for some reason Sherlock didn’t even question it.
‘But you know it’s fine if you are,’ his mother continued anxiously. ‘We wouldn’t love you any less.’
Sherlock and John had been friends for over a year now, and Sherlock was happier than he had been for a very, very long time. He didn’t get the black feelings anymore, he didn’t spend his days locked in his room, twanging his violin and wishing he was a detective, he didn’t even crave the drugs that had sustained him for almost a year. He was truly and completely content, because he finally had a real, true, proper friend.
Sherlock reluctantly stood, ruffling his hair so it stuck out in a hundred different directions. ‘Don’t want too, My.’
‘OH!’ His face lit up, and he turned around, grabbing his coat from the window sill. ‘John! I remember!’
The laughter stopped, and all eyes turned back to Sherlock.
Henry Watson coughed. ‘Why is there only one…?’
Sherlock continued speaking. Mycroft groaned slightly, covering his head with his hands.
John had looked at the sun before. His parents and teachers had always warned him against it, but for some reason the bright white glow that caused white spots in his vision always reminded him that he was alive. Once, he had stared at the sun as a solar eclipse occurred, despite the warnings, and he had been astounded by its brilliance. The dark with the white dancing around it; it was the most beautiful thing John had ever seen.
‘Wow.’ Jenny said, amazed. ‘You’re a prodigy?’
John had tried to explain to him that Mycroft was just worried about his little brother (Sherlock had snorted and shaken his head disbelievingly because despite his incredibly high IQ he was blind to most emotion) and that at least they weren’t doing something a lot worse, because, to be fair, they really could have been.
‘That one there looks so like William!’ Harry cried, suddenly looking extremely interested.
‘Why?’ Victor said, eyebrows creased.
The curly-haired boy cocked his head and said loudly, ‘Etes-vous stupide, ou pouvez-vous pas parler français?’
he had a grin on his face that seemed to stretch across his entire face.
John, who was lying on the bed next to Sherlock, huffed. ‘The rumours have existed for almost seven years, Mycroft. Surely nobody will pay any attention to them, not now-‘
‘Yeah, well.’ Sarah almost purred the words, hiking her leg over John’s waist. ‘They’re not around, are they?’
‘How many people in our year find you attractive?’
Sherlock opened his eyes and glanced down at the small blond man who’d run into him. ‘Hello.’
or something like that.
Rosie and Sherlock’s favourite topic was John Watson. Rosie couldn’t really speak in full sentences yet, being a slightly above average toddler of just twenty months, but Sherlock could speak enough for both of them, and Rosie never shot him down like he was pretty sure everyone else would. Plus, she couldn’t yet tell John. This was also a large advantage.
Sherlock frowned. ‘Not gay?’ He stepped slightly back to study the blue, purple and pink letters painted on John’s chest. ‘Really?’
‘Why is that?’ Sherlock whispered, and John was far too lost in his eyes to react, say anything,
‘I need you,’ Sherlock whispers, and Victor nods. ‘I thought so.’ He smiles, a heartbreakingly happy smile, and brings his hand up to caress Sherlock’s cheek. ‘I can love for both of us.’
'You're scaring me,' John said, worry evident in his tone. 'Sherlock-'
John’s heart stopped.
Mycroft stood two feet in front of Morag, studying her with narrowed eyes. John expected him to comfort her in some way (yeah, she was a bitch, but she looked really frightened), but instead he just said, ‘why did you call him those things?’
You have
‘L'amour est un défaut chimique, trouvé sur le côté perdant.’ - Love is a chemical defect, found on the losing side.
Sherlock shook his head, feeling smug. ‘December the twenty-second.’
Mycroft looked out the window. Sherlock gasped. ‘Oh my god, you have. Who was it?’
But, of course, nothing comes, and Nathaniel just looks sad as he says, ‘I bought you my scarf. It used to be yours, Papa says, but you left it for me.’ He’s still holding the scarf and now he doesn't look sure that he wants to part with it. ‘Except, now I think about it, I don't think it will be much use. Do you want me to keep it?’ Nothing happens, and Nathaniel smirks. ‘Thought so. I’ll look after it for you.’
‘Eleven,’ Sherlock grinned. ‘My birthday’s next week.’
At 3 p.m exactly, the doors opened and someone stepped onto the balcony.
John could feel himself blushing but cleared his throat, saying as jovially as he could, ‘thank you. Mate.’
He shifts slightly to the right, turning around so he’s sitting fully on the bed facing the window.
John opened the door slowly, because just as it might be a robber or burglar or murderer (though would a murderer knock on the door?) it might be Irene or Mike or one of his mother’s friends, who had left something in their room. ‘Hello?’ He said cautiously. ‘Is there anybody there?’
Harry nodded, tossing her hair as she glared at the curly-haired boy. ‘Yeah. He looks like a twat.’
Sherlock broke away from John and let his husband resume the head massage. He watched his children, playing together, he felt his husband, pulling his fingers through his hair, he heard the sounds of childish laughter and he smelled children’s shampoo and John’s cologne, and Sherlock Holmes thanked the force that allowed the universe to exist for the millionth time that he was happy, that his family was happy, and that everything was perfect.
‘And just write
of his voice. It’s been twenty years since Sherlock died and he can still imagine Sherlock saying that to his parents, when he and John started going out (
At this point, Sherlock was almost certain that he would love John regardless of anything that might happen.
Sometimes, he wished he didn’t see everything. It was extremely disorientating and had been what originally got him into drugs.
Sherlock had considered Molly as merely a means to not fail stupid, irrelevant subjects but in time he had grown to realise that she was so much more than that. She was courageous, kind and loyal, and Sherlock valued loyalty above almost any other character trait.
Lizzie reacts just as John thought she would: by denying it, trying to say there was something they could do. John knows there is not but lets her talk and cry until she is spent, before rocking her gently and stroking her hair. His girl’s almost sixty but she needs her father just as much as she always has done, and John hopes that Nathaniel will look out for her.
too much French into your language to pass as a native.’
He watched as John removed every trace of himself from their flat, making it Sherlock’s flat once more. He watched as John took a deep breath, looked once more around his home of the last two years, and stepped across the threshold.
Sherlock was easily the most complex person John had ever met, and he had only known him for half an hour.
‘Oh dear,’ Jenny said. ‘That’s not good.’
John shakes his head but doesn't say anything, because he knows that he’ll feel better with Nathaniel taking care of the scarf. Sherlock had had it for as long as John could remember: he’d been wearing it when he died, for Christ’s sake-
And Sherlock opened the doors and walked into the small room which led onto the balcony.
‘Alright, she might have meant it platonically, but with me and John there’s always the question of whether it’s platonic or not.’ Sherlock groaned and threw his head back. ‘I’ve tried
He mounts Hadrian and brings him out of the stable. The path is clear of snow, and the house, looming and dark, no longer scares him.
‘We must be directly above the dance studio.’ Sherlock wondered out loud. John shrugged. ‘Maybe.’
‘Touché,’ Mycroft said, looking displeased because that seemed to be the fat git's default expression. ‘But I won’t let you into my office if you continue to break priceless artefacts. It isn't very respectful.’
Mycroft sighed and exchanged a ‘married’ look with Lestrade; Sherlock rolled his eyes. ‘It’s not that bad.’
with how he raised him. For the first time, John realises that Nathaniel
John wasn't exactly sexually innocent (he’d lost count of the number of girls he’d got to third with by his sixteenth birthday), but Sherlock’s oral sex was magic compared to anything and everything John ever had, or would, have. It made masturbating seem downright boring; thank god John rarely ever felt the need to get himself off anymore. Sherlock was more than willing to go down on him; John didn’t even need to ask. Sherlock seemed to sense just when John needed it the most.
Molly turned to him and smiled evilly (she had been spending far too much time with Jim). ‘Come to mine Friday,’ she whispered, ‘and you’ll see.’
It felt like he was in a tunnel; there was a wooshing in his ears, and it seemed like just him and the television were in the room, existing together, and all John could do was hope that it wasn’t Sherlock, that Sherlock hadn’t been hurt, hadn’t been killed because if that had happened-
He could run, jump, climb, row, throw, catch, hit, dance,
‘She killed herself, Sherlock, not you.’ John said firmly, taking his hands. ‘Not you, her.’
disappointing John. He wanted to make John pleased, to make John happy, to make John…well. To make John like him, for reasons he couldn’t quite decipher (thirty years without the urge for human friendship, and suddenly he’s overwhelmed with a desire to impress an ex-soldier-cum-doctor) and didn’t have time to decipher. Not now.
He’s saying the things that John always dreamed he would say, and he’s said them truthfully, and in that moment John, for the first time, feels real closure over Sherlock’s death. Sherlock died but he won’t come back, and John raised their son and their son is
‘Midnight. Just past, actually.’ John could almost feel Sherlock smiling down at her, love sparkling in his eyes, and in his voice. ‘Your sibling is almost ready to arrive, though, so I thought I’d wake you.’
‘I’m Harriet, but everyone calls me Harry, and this is Johnny-‘
‘Sorry, Master John.’ Jack said easily. ‘I address the Holmes family and their guests with the same titles, as I am required.’
John watched Sherlock crying in his arms and he knew that this was
‘No,’ Sherlock scoffed. ‘Why would they? I’m me, everyone hates me.’
Sherlock Holmes had not had an easy life. His father had died, his oldest brother had disappeared, and he was much too clever. He saw everything, he heard everything, he felt everything, and it
Sherlock didn’t mention it again. Neither did John.
four days before John was due to marry
People usually thought they were in a relationship and neither Jim or Sherlock ever corrected them because, in a way, they were in a relationship. They knew everything about each other, they were best friends and Jim was more than a little keen to kiss Sherlock, purely for experimental reasons. That wouldn't happen now, though, because Sherlock was desperately in love with John Watson and would do nothing to jeopardise that. His probability of ever becoming John Watson’s significant other was approximately 2.34% (though the probability of John kissing him was a higher 8.7%, with it increasing even higher to 11.1% when John was drunk) and Sherlock was doing everything in his power to accomplish this.
‘It’s a coffee shop.’ Sherlock explained quickly. ‘Not far from here.’
They were all special. They had had life handed to them on a golden platter encrusted with diamonds, and John found it increasingly unfair.
John was distracted by Henry standing up and saying loudly, ‘they’re going!’
William stepped forwards; John instinctively stepped back. The King of the most powerful nation on Earth was glaring at him, angrier than John had ever seen him: in fact, the black look in his eyes reminded John of Sherlock when he had snapped at Morag all those years ago.
‘Whatever you were going to say, Sherlock, the answer is yes. Always yes.’ John looked up again and smiled at him, his eyes lighting up in the glow of the tiny stars, and in that moment, Sherlock felt immortal.
John was the golden boy of his family, perfect in every way. Compared to Harry he was a saint, despite the sneaking out and occasional maxing on the credit card his parents had set up on his sixteenth birthday. At least he wasn’t a nineteen year old, jobless, uneducated alcoholic who seemed to delight in causing unrest, particularly in her family.
John just shook his head, pushing past Irene and shimmying down the drainpipe. He ignored Irene’s shouts, ignored the shocked gasp of the old woman he almost knocked over as he hit the ground and
‘I can’t believe this.’ Henry Watson said hoarsely.
Sherlock frowned. ‘Why did you have to rehearse?’
Lila’s oldest child, August, was eight and thought the sun shone from Rosie. ‘Dunno what she’ll think of that.’ John glanced at the door as it opened and Sherlock reappeared, Rosie tagging behind, looking so like a nervous child John was filled with an insatiable urge to protect this man, the bravest and best man he knew. ‘Sher?’
John slumped forwards in the grass. His face landed on a soft patch of long grass, that went into his mouth and up his nose, choking him as he resigned himself to the fact that he would always love Sherlock Holmes, always care for that stupid, beautiful boy, always want him, need him, yearn for him, and there was absolutely nothing that he could do about it.
‘Not going to happen.’
Here, John bent over Mycroft’s shoulder and told him about Sherlock in as low a voice as he could. John told him about Sherrinford and Jim, told him about the plans and the money, but he also told him everything that Irene had been telling him since the previous August. John told him about the smoking and the drugs, the cocaine hidden in his sock drawer, the heroin in the bathroom cabinet. John told him that Sherlock wasn't eating,
‘It’s stupid!’ Sherlock moaned, collapsing into his chair. ‘So stupid! No one knows them!’
The beginning of everything, and it had started with this song.
He just looked sad.
But Sherlock didn't reply because that was the moment when he saw John.
John ran.
‘The song’s called you’re beautiful, by James Blunt. I like it,’ John whispered, as if he knew that Sherlock had been wondering, and he wondered what he had done to deserve John Watson. ‘The lyrics are sad. The melody is sad. Why do you like it?’
‘What-‘ Henry began to say, but John shook his head insistently. ‘No. I don't want to know
John watched Sherlock sit down at the desk and his heart ached, ached with love for his brilliant, ridiculous partner. He closed his eyes, steadied and lifted the gun in his right hand. He took off safety, aimed and fired.
Relief coursed through Sherlock’s body; he smiled. ‘Good. So, you agree with everything I said?’
Please leave kudos and comment! I love reading your opinions :)
Charlotte laughs out loud and Nathaniel glares at his sister. ‘Quit the opposite, actually, sister mine. I thought it was time to tell you that Charlotte and I have been engaged in a relationship for just over six months now…’
But of the workings of the heart... those are in that unknown realm where he travels little – if ever.
“That reminds me, Mr. Holmes,” Mrs. Hudson said. “Your rent was due yesterday. And that includes the added charge for cat-meat for Wiggin’s Moggy.”
“Nothing much,” conceded Lestrade. “We have Fisher’ killers in custody and they have confessed and also given up their compatriots. But that doesn’t mean Wiggins doesn’t have his own enemies in the underworld. I have a guard here just to make certain of his safety.”
I produced a clean handkerchief from my pocket and offered it to her.
He climbed out of the carriage and handed me down. “I will see you to your door.”
“No, not that,” I corrected him. “Please – I cannot explain. Only do me this favor.”
“I still think it’s ridiculous,” I returned. “But I will bow to the demands of a moral society.”
“Amazing muscle control,” Holmes observed as the man thrust into the lad, every motion explicitly visible to the rapt audience. “That takes a fair amount of practice.”
“Quite,” said Holmes. “You know what our illustrious Henry the Fifth said – at least as the Bard portrayed it...”
I almost laughed out loud at Holmes’ singular focus. “I mean what are we going to do tomorrow? And the next day? And so forth?” I didn’t add what would we do until the day I left rehab – with Holmes staying behind in seemingly permanent custody?
“Not while I have breath in my body,” Holmes said. “I still have a trick or two up my sleeves, Watson. But first, we must repair to Covent Garden.” He linked his arm with mine as we walked on, in search of a hansom.
“That’s unfortunate,” I offered.
“Nevertheless,” Holmes persisted. “I have been pondering your future.”
The final chapter.
“Mr. Sherlock’s orders,” James asserted. “Until you’re back up to snuff.”
We were sitting on the terrace, which had a sweeping view of Sherringford’s extensive park. On Sherring Hill the folly that, according to Lovell, had been built in the 18th century by the Fifth Earl, presided over the landscape. I vowed that when I was fully able, Holmes and I would walk up the hill to the folly. But that time was still a long way off.
I packed my medical bag and shook out my coat, preparing to take my leave. On the table was my Colt revolver, still loaded. I had brought it thinking I could aid Holmes in some way. I had brought it thinking he was in danger and only I could save him. How many times had I fired that pistol, or else my old service revolver, in Holmes’ defense? More times than I had ever fired it in war, for although I had hours of pistol practice on the range and in the field until I was a deadeye shot, my battle experience began and ended on the same day, July 27, 1880, at Maiwand.
“I know how you, as a medical man, encourage the consumption of fresh vegetable matter, both for yourself and for your patients,” he replied. “I therefore alerted the staff.”
That stopped me. Surely I was being signaled. But by whom?
Wiggins. I could still feel his hands on my body. Still feel his breath against my face. His...
I crumpled the paper in my hands.
“Why not?” said Holmes. “I’m sure it’s a first rate mouser and will come in handy in the kitchen.”
I wandered north through Spain, finding that country both picturesque and easy on my limited purse. But I was eager to get to La Belle France and try out the years of French I had labored over in school. And also to try out the charms of Paris I had read so much about in the literature of Dumas, Hugo, and Verne.
“We did,” he said. “We are proceeding to Holborn.”
“Will you shut up!” I sat up and glared at him. “Don’t you ever shut up? Don’t you ever listen to anyone else? Or think about anyone but yourself? Apparently not!”
Then I looked at her face. She was laughing at me. She was as heartless as the Irishman. They all were. No one cared what happened to me, not even my own brother, so why should this woman take pity? I cried, but still she laughed. I thought of ways to kill myself, but I knew I would not do it. “A consummation devoutly to be wished.” But I was a coward. I was a child. I wanted my life – but I wanted it on my own terms, not the Irishman’s. He was besotted with me, she’d said. Perhaps there was still time, still hope...
“A first rate exhibition,” said Holmes. “Let me offer you my congratulations.”
“Don’t change the subject! We need to talk about... about...” I stopped, unable to form the words.
Holmes raised an eyebrow and glanced at me. I well knew his opinions about so-called love and such ‘finer feelings.’
“I see that you’ve been in Afghanistan.”
“I always did,” I assured him. “And always will.”
“What was this man’s name?”
James sat down on Holmes’ sofa and leaned towards me. “I’ve been having... feelings for someone, Doctor. Someone I met here in London. I haven’t known this person long, but it’s different from anything I’ve ever felt before.”
“And what do you profess?” He was sizing me up like I was on sale.
So began a day to which I was not looking forward.
I undressed silently and got into bed, turning out the lights so the night nurse wouldn’t come in and complain.
“Resting comfortably,” said his brother. “Or as comfortably as Sherlock is ever able to rest when he is on the scent of a mystery like a hound after a fox. In here.” He indicated yet another door.
The Irishman regarded me darkly with his piercing grey eyes. But then he laughed. “Damned but I believe you would!” And he kissed me right on the mouth as we sat in the café. “I feared that all the spirit had been beaten out of you, caro mio.”
“A reputation?” I blinked. “If you mean he is well-known as a genius of deduction, a Bohemian and eccentric, and the world’s only private consulting detective, then he has that reputation.”
I stared at Holmes, imploringly. “Er... Sherringford?”
“Cat? I don’t remember a cat in your room.” I spoke before I was able to think of the consequences.
Holmes nodded. “Thank you, Clarky. Send the man in.”
“No, you don’t,” Holmes flared. “You don’t need to make anything clear. Everything is already as clear as crystal. Now I’m going to bed – and I don’t expect that damned cat or Young Hopkins to climb in there with me!”
“So that is how you knew,” I said, feeling utterly undone. “I’ve been a damned idiot! How you must have despised me!”
I followed the lad over to a corner table where the gentleman in question was standing. I recognized him instantly. It is difficult not to recognize one of the most notable men in London society, especially when that man is over six feet tall, stout, long-haired, and wearing an extravagant dove grey suit with a flowing purple cravat.
“I know,” said the Irishman. “Curse the man!”
“Of course,” I agreed. “Obvious.” I always agree with Holmes. It makes life so much easier.
“You’re going out tonight,” he stated.
“Holmes, what happened with your tutor? Tell me.”
“You’ll find Mycroft’s store of spirits fairly extensive,” said Holmes, directing me to his brother’s drinks cabinet. He reclined slowly on the sofa and shut his eyes. “You might bring me something as well. Whiskey, neat.”
I gazed into my glass at the blood-red vintage. This was difficult, but it was necessary. I could do it – and I would do it.
His lips pressed together in annoyance. “What now? A fine carriage? A villa on Capri? A sapphire stickpin?”
“A Major Muddle”
“Let’s rest for a while,” he said. “I think I must step up my boxing regimen. I find I am winded when I should be preparing myself for another go.”
“The master picked this out himself,” she cackled, showing a row of broken teeth. “Said it matched your pretty eyes!”
“That may well be,” he agreed. “And you, my dear boy, are a young soul. I think even when you are an old man, you will seem like a green youth.”
Charles Griffith’s face was pale and drawn, but he seemed composed – until he beheld Dilly lying in the narrow hospital bed.
“What did you learn, Watson?” said Holmes, getting directly to the point.
“I don’t believe that for a moment.”
“Well? What is it?” Fred barked.
Two nights before I was scheduled to be released I almost said something. I couldn’t contain myself any longer.
“John!” the Irishman screamed. “No!”
I stared at Holmes, open-mouthed, not knowing what to say.
I leaned my head against the window frame and closed my eyes. In Peshawur one of the Anglo-Indian orderlies in the convalescent ward had taught me a method of relaxation. One concentrated on a single sound and focused the mind on that continuing tone, blocking out the world and moving into a state of peaceful harmony with the universe. At least that is what the orderly told me. I found the technique quelled anxiety and often eased my pain enough that I was able to eschew the narcotics with which the doctors dosed me. Now it helped me to move into another state of mind, another place. I thought of Baker Street – of sitting contentedly in my chair by the fire, Gladstone snoring on the rug, Holmes playing the violin. This would be my solace – memory. That was one thing the Irishman would never be able to take from me – my memories.
“Yes. But you won’t go there,” I insisted. “You’re too cunning. Too devious. Too... upper class.”
The first fellow touched the sleeve of my coat. “Don’t mind Cedric, my good man. He’s worse for too much champagne. Would you like a glass? Shall I call the waiter?”
One evening we were awaiting our carriage by the pillars of the Lyceum Theater. We had just seen ‘Titus Andronicus’ – a gruesome play, to my mind – when I spied my brother emerge and pause to light a cigarette. He turned to toss away the match and saw us. The look on his face as he beheld me, standing in evening clothes next to the imperious Irishman, was one of disgust and contempt. My heart was wrenched. He was, after all, my only living relative, my only connection to my mother and my past.
I know he did not mean his words to sting, but they did. They stung me to the very quick.
“You’ll have to ask Mr. Sherlock,” said the flustered footman. “I’m sorry, sir! Please don’t tell Mr. Lovell!”
And as far away from Sherlock Holmes as I could get. A wide ocean away.
“So I doubt the invitation was sent by the owner of the gallery, who must be Irish to have given it such an expressly Hibernian name, but by a subordinate. Or by one who has only a peripheral connection to the actual gallery.” Once he’d gotten hold of something he was like a terrier with a rat, determined to worry it to death.
In the end he gave his permission, but only because he was preoccupied. Having me busy and elsewhere freed his mind for his greater attentions. So, ironically, I had Scotland Yard and their crackdown on crime to thank for my taste of freedom. I plunged into my studies, while keeping myself aloof from the other students. Perhaps they thought I was a snob, or perhaps they didn’t think of me at all, but I remained apart, still fearful of the Irishman’s wrath.
“It can be,” he admitted. “But I am talking about the chase – using one’s intellect, one’s cunning, one’s bodily strength, all of one’s faculties to face down the most perilous of villains, whether a blackmailer, a murderer... or a roving night nurse. Wait!” He squeezed my arm.  “Hush!”
“I thought you liked dull, my dear lady?” I teased. “No gunshots emanating from the sitting room. No explosions in the middle of the night. No desperate characters lurking at the door. And no experiments on Gladstone. Isn’t that right, boy?”
“Everything, my dear,” he repeated.
“How can I let you go?” he said, his voice low. “You are the only thing I care for.”
Gladstone would have been fine staying with Mrs. Hudson. He’s stayed with Mrs. Hudson dozens of times. He’s perfectly happy with Mrs. Hudson. She feeds him leftover shepherd’s pie and makes a fuss over him.
“I trust you with my life, Watson, and have for as long as I’ve known you. And that trust has never been misplaced.” Holmes tightened his arm around me, as if he feared I would somehow slip away. “But I have already reminded you that your honest face displays every emotion, every fact of your existence. You cannot keep a single thought from your expression. Even Mrs. Hudson and James can read you like a child’s primer, so how would you have been able to deceive Moriarty, who is almost as discerning as I am? Therefore, I could not tell you anything at all for fear the strategy would be revealed to our enemy. Then you went and made that blasted bargain with the deuced man! Was that necessary, my dear boy?”
That headache from the night before was bestirring again. “That I cannot say, Mrs. Hudson. Holmes feels James should easily find a position in the city. He is an excellent servant and very eager to please.”
“And you found that link immediately,” I declared. “These facts I have only so recently found out. That Moriarty was your Maths tutor. He seduced – no, he raped you when you were under his care as a boy of fourteen, and stole your innocence. Yet you breathed not a word of this to me. You must have thought I was a damnable whore to have lived off such a man for so long. How you must have secretly scorned me!”
I rapped loudly on the gate with my cane.
The Irishman’s brow furrowed. He was not used to haggling and didn’t care for it. “You cannot save every stray cat from the gutter, Johnny Lad. Forget those two.”
Lady Percy’s villa was on the highest hill in Rome and commanded a magnificent view of the city. I arrived on foot, but easily mingled with the ladies and gentlemen pulling up at the door in private carriages. I took Lady Percy’s words to heart – I was there not to be intimidated by the company, but to continue my education. I may not have been rich, but I was as much a gentleman in birth and education as any Englishman there. Besides, I had discovered that good looks and pleasing manners served as an entry to almost any venue – and I had both to spare.
“I...” I had nothing and he knew it. “Give me time! For God’s sake!”
I took the pillow off my face and looked at him.
“It’s fine,” I said. “The work is easy, but necessary. It occupies my mind and feeds my admittedly low self-esteem, not to mention providing the income that pays for this...” I paused and looked around the dingy bedsit. “Accommodation.”
But I was of no consequence.
At one point Holmes flinched with pain and I thought I had been too forceful. But it was his wound that pained him and not the completion of the act.
And I would be disappearing on Sunday, only two days hence.
“Assuredly.” The door was already broken and the reek of urine emanated from the gloom within. “But this entrance seems especially... distasteful. Not to mention odorous.”
Mick and Dilly had not yet come before the magistrate to be charged, so they were in dark, tiny holding cells separated from the general mob of the accused. Because their crime was murder, the pair had been placed apart and solitary, unable to communicate with each other or anyone but their gaolers. Not that Dilly Mitchell was likely to communicate much information to anyone. I found her – him – lying in the straw like a beast in a stable. I knelt beside him, feeling his pulse, which was weak and erratic.
Then that woman came into our lives. And I say ‘our’ because her insidious presence affected both of us, especially when I became aware that she and Holmes were... physically intimate.
“James. What are you doing here?”
“You must believe me to be a veritable Hercules!” I returned. “There is only so much I can accomplish in a single night. My manhood also needs a respite in order to realize your insatiable demands.
“This must be Act Two,” Holmes remarked, standing up. “But now we must find our contact and proceed to the next phase of the evening.”
“He’ll be puking up all night if you give him all that grease,” I warned.
“Quite,” I replied. Now that the cat was captured I took a few moments to observe the room. It seemed woefully empty without Mick’s optimistic presence, even more so when I thought of where he currently resided.
“I know about them because I know who sent them – and why,” he replied. “They are little men – or they were, for they no longer walk this vale of tears.”
I turned to Holmes. “Have you really been here three months?”
He walked me up to a large chamber. In that room was a fireplace, some nondescript furniture, a tall bookcase overflowing with thick tomes, and a curtained bed.
The Irishman smiled, pleased with his plan. “I have business in America, in New York and Chicago. New opportunities to seek and new connections to make. I also have my estate in Virginia. It is secluded, but quite beautiful there. The mountains are as blue as your eyes. It will be like a honeymoon.” And then he laughed. “A second honeymoon!”
“Mathematical probability. Observation. Superior power of intellect.”
Promptly at ten o’clock the next morning Holmes and I presented ourselves at the front door of Campton Grange.
“The meal,” I reminded him.
And I was jealous. Acutely, lividly, and overpoweringly jealous.
Chapter 6
“The guard isn’t for Mitchell,” said Lestrade.
To my shame, Young James was asleep on the sofa of the sitting room. When he heard the door open, he sat up and gazed at me sadly.
“A boy whore named Thommie. A friend of Wiggins and Mitchell. Wiggins says he’s here most nights.” Holmes exited the hansom, but I hesitated. “Come, Watson.”
Perhaps he would not wish to accompany me there anymore. Perhaps I should not assume that everything would remain as it had been after the revelations of the night.
“Of course, Guv,” said Mick. “It’s been a while since we’ve had a nice chat.”
“But Young Wiggins obviously found it of interest,” Holmes remarked. “It’s well-thumbed. See the imprints of his fingers here, and the magazine opens to this page – he’s folded it back more than once. I believe you have an admirer, Watson – a fan, as they would say in the boxing fancy.”
“Why ever for?” Holmes frowned. “It is almost dawn. In a few hours we can have a hearty breakfast and then face the major and his son over at Campton Grange. I have a theory about this case...”
“Here,” I said, giving him ten shillings. “Buy her something very fine.”
“Over a week.” He dipped the cloth into a bowl of water, wrung it out, and placed it back on my forehead. “They brought you here, to Sherringford Hall. Are you in much pain?”
“A box?” I was at a loss.
My face went red with embarrassment. It all felt so absurd. Holmes and I knew each other’s thoughts and habits so well, so utterly, but such carnal intimacies were awkward in their unfamiliarity.
I could feel Holmes’ eyes upon me, searching. “Good to know.”
“Welcome to Sherringford Hall, Mr. Sherlock,” said the butler in a distinctly unwelcoming tone. It was obvious that our arrival had interrupted the tedious routine of the place.
“No,” said Homes, walking into Mick’s room and glancing around. “I am most unquestionably not a copper. I am a concerned patron of Mr. Wiggins.”
“Damn,” Holmes muttered.
Holmes nodded. “Two months and twenty-six days, dear boy. I’d give you the exact number of hours, but I don’t want to take up any more of the Group’s valuable time.”
But I was prepared for this. “He keeps them in his bedroom for his perusal. They are not bad at all. And Holmes knows art. Did you know his grandmother was the sister of Vernet?”
Mrs. Hudson brought in my breakfast as soon as she heard me moving about the sitting room.
India is beastly hot. So hot. And the fever is never ending. The fire is inside and outside, with no relief, no respite.
“You used to have them all the time when you first came to Baker Street,” he said. “I would hear you cry out in the night in your room, but I didn’t think it my place to go to you. I read in the ‘Lancet’ that men who have been wounded in war often have night terrors for a long time after their physical wounds have healed.”
“The good doctor is perfectly able to seat himself, Lovell,” Holmes commented.
I nodded. He was right. It would be best if I left London, left England. I wanted to be as far away from the Irishman’s machinations as possible.
Suspects apprehended?
“I won’t,” I said, remaining in the deep bed.
We walked back to 221b.
At eleven o’clock Fred, the ubiquitous sheepdog, began herding everyone back to their rooms.
I clutched the pistol tightly. “Let us hope they will give up without the need for violence.”
“‘The game’s afoot,’” I laughed. “‘Follow your spirit and upon this charge cry...’”
“You don’t have to say it,” I offered. “I know.”
“You didn’t know because you have never asked!” I retorted. “In all the years we have been together, you have never asked me a single question about my past, my family, my education, or my religious upbringing! Doesn’t that strike you as odd?”
“Mr. Holmes! My kitchen does not have mice!” Mrs. Hudson protested.
Knowing Moriarty’s cunning, that seemed unlikely. “But... how did you manage it?”
“Mr. Sherlock did, when he was a small lad, but he never took it up when he got bigger,” said Mrs. Jenkins as we continued up the stairway. “He was a funny boy – he had his likes and dislikes right from the start. If he couldn’t be the best at something, he didn’t want to do it at all. It was like that business with his mathematics tutor.”
“Yes.” I took out my handkerchief and mopped my brow. The exercise was making me exceedingly warm. “I would certainly be shocked.”
“No!” I cried. “Such recourse is beneath you! The world is full of problems to be solved. I see them every day in my medical practice. There is so much we do not know, Holmes. You are a brilliant chemist and a practiced theorist. You turn your mind to the solving crimes, but there are so many other mysteries in this world, certainly enough to fascinate any man for as long as he may live.”
“Beastly weather, this,” I sighed. And, as an actor on cue, Gladstone, reclining on the floor of the vehicle, farted loudly and then sighed along with me.
“I am not common!” I retorted. “My father was a solicitor and my grandfather a doctor! They were both gentlemen, as am I!”
“I did not,” I breathed. “How could I? I didn’t know where we were going. I left him in the dark, without a word.”
“So I need time to accomplish this.”
“They’ve gotten to you,” he said with disdain. “Ruined you. And I had such high hopes!”
“I promise to do my best, good lady,” I said, bidding her good-night.
“Yes, yes,” I agreed. “I’ll see to your cat.”
“I was afraid of this,” said Holmes, shaking his head.
“Not until we make contact with Thommie,” he insisted. “He is our admission to Cleveland Street, so we must wait until the tableau is concluded.”
“Would you like the chicken, Doctor?” she asked. “I can warm it and have the girl bring it with your tea.”
“Oh, God!” he cried, kneeling by his side. “Dilly! Can you hear me?”
“Tell the coachman to stop,” I said. “Gladstone needs to stretch his legs.”
“Find him a real position,” said Holmes, pouring himself a cup of tea. “A tall, handsome, and well-spoken fellow like Hopkins should easily obtain work. But he cannot stay here for very long, getting underfoot and mooning around after you.”
I dressed and walked out into the late afternoon sun.
Hearing Stamford recall our meeting that day at the Criterion bar brought me up short, for that was also the day I met Sherlock Holmes.
Then one Friday night, facing a long, depressing weekend, I buried my inhibitions and entered the fray. I went to a pub I’d walked by a number of times. It seemed more low key than the ubiquitous Coleherne, the music not as loud and the shaved-headed contingent less obvious. I straightened my resolve, adjusted my tie, and plunged forward.
“Lestrade has always suggested you had a bit of the criminal in your make-up,” I teased.
“And you believed him?” Holmes was relentless. “Tell me, or I cannot continue this case.”
There was no answer to that.
And the cab clattered off into the foggy night.
“Good man,” said Holmes. “And a good dog to pull us both along. Isn’t that so, Gladstone?”
I promised to do so and we shook hands. I left his consulting rooms, sure that I would never lay eyes upon him again.
“I fear I have neglected to follow your illustrious career.” My heart was thundering in my chest from being so close to him.
“He loved the natural world and made it his chief study,” said Holmes, puffing thoughtfully. “He was also a talented artist, as were all those in the Vernet family. He took his degree from Cambridge at 17 and immediately began to travel, searching out strange flora and fauna and drawing them. That’s how he found the woman who became my mother. She was also an artist and a naturalist.”
“I’m getting,” I replied with studied disdain.
“But you are immortal!” Wilde insisted. “In those pictures you are forever captured at the pinnacle of your male splendor. What a gift that must be!”
“Holborn? But I thought...”
“We will leave England,” he whispered, after a parade of doctors had examined me and pronounced that there was nothing wrong with me – at least, nothing physical. “We will travel to the Continent. These people in London are worthless. They are not fit to lick your boots. And your brother is the worst of them. He will not be so high and mighty for long, Johnny Lad.”
The gate was locked. I rattled it, but it would not open.
“Thank Mrs. H. for the grub,” he said. “I eat better than the coppers here!”
“Yes?” said Holmes, as if nothing were amiss.
We departed from Baker Street the next morning in a driving rainstorm and bounced and bumped the entire way, cold and soggy in a closed carriage that leaked in at least two places, one of which was directly above my head.
And I wanted to tell Stamford right then that I would be leaving London – leaving England – very shortly, perhaps for a very long time. But I could not bring myself to speak the words.
“What fun would that be?” he opined. “I spent the day touring the hives and observing the bees, but it was not very enjoyable without someone to explain them to.”
“Quite,” he said, raising an expressive eyebrow. “It means fair-headed one, which is entirely wrong, as you can see. My head is dark, as were all the members of my family. My brother is getting rather bald now, but the hair he has is dark as well. The Holmeses, evidently, have a queer sense of humor when it comes to names. My father’s name was Osric and my brother’s is Mycroft, so that gives you some idea.”
“It is not,” I said, relishing his intimate touch. “It isn’t fantasy.”
Stamford has always been a vulgar fellow.
“He got away,” Holmes stated flatly. “But that doesn’t matter now.”
“There!” I said with satisfaction.
“No, John,” said Holmes. “Never. Moriarty robbed you of your innocence and your ideals just as he did me. I knew from the start that you were guiltless. You fled from him – and directly into the mouth of war. You have been hurt and wronged by Moriarty more than I ever was. He took advantage of me sexually, yes, but that was only for a short time and I was able to have him banished. But you suffered him for months, for years, when he would not allow you any peace. I have been studying the good Professor’s progress since I was old enough to do so and I know his methods and his mesmerizing power better than any man alive. So how could I blame you for what you had endured at his hands?”
“Who told you that?”
I removed the remainder of my clothes.
I stumbled back to the carriage, slamming the door behind me. It was several minutes before Holmes returned, tugging at Gladstone’s lead. The dog jumped inside, his paws filthy with muck. He sprawled on the floor of the carriage and began noisily licking himself. Holmes likewise settled on the opposite seat. He rapped sharply on the barrier and a moment later the carriage lurched forward.
Holmes offers a new complication -- to put it mildly!
“As always, your words must trump mine,” I said with some bitterness. “But go ahead.”
How can a young man survive an attempt of that kind? To prefer death to life is anathema to me. I, who fought so powerfully to live when my life was thought forfeit more than once. There were times when I came close to giving up, but I always rallied, always hoped a better fate awaited me than death in a far away country. And so I lived – wounded and a shadow of myself in my prime, but alive. And with a life still yet to live.
The tone of his voice, the expression on his face, seized me with nameless dread. “Please! I will find a way to repay you,” I pleaded. “I will go to a moneylender.”
“I wish you would be.”
“Afghanistan.” I gently pushed his hand away.
I confess that the entire household pampered me to a fare-thee-well, and, although outwardly embarrassed by the fuss, secretly I relished it. Holmes hovered over me like a mother hen, reversing our usual roles, bringing me honey from his hives and treats from his forays to the village and to Chichester. A few times he travelled to London to confer with Lestrade on Scotland Yard’s progress in tracking down Professor Moriarty and the handful of lackeys who had thus far escaped, but he always returned the next day.
I put my hand to my head in dismay. “I see. Thank you for informing me, Mrs. Hudson. I was unaware that I was Holmes’ favorite charity.”
A servant came in with hot water and fresh towels, but Mycroft was nowhere to be seen.
“He did, my dear fellow,” Holmes replied. “You don’t think I’d allow anyone else but you to touch me? There’s no one I trust but you, especially now.”
“It well might be a long while,” I replied.
“You must come to dinner this Friday,” Stamford pressed. “To make up for our missed engagement. Jane is very eager that you meet her friend, Miss Morstan. She’s a very pretty young woman, Watson, and extremely agreeable.”
“That puts my poor mind at ease,” she sighed. “When your servant said you could not receive visitors I imagined the worst.
“Does that hurt?” I asked, my fingers gently probing the area.
“It’s the exact color of your eyes, my dear,” she said. “And it will look much better on you than ever it looked on Lord Percy.” She patted my hand. “John, if you need money, you have only to ask. I will give you the fare back to England – or wherever you might wish to go. America, perhaps. I have friends in New York. I will write you a letter of introduction.”
“They threatened you, John. With this.” He produced a stiletto from within the folds of his black frock coat. “They might have damaged you and I cannot allow that. They went too far. They were supposed only to frighten you, not to touch you. Your beauty is too precious to me. And so they had to be taught a lesson. A last and fatal lesson.”
I stopped before the door and turned to face him. “But that was my own fear. That if you knew what had so long been in my heart, it would disgust you. If you knew what... what I had done in the past, what acts I had performed that society deems beyond the very pale... I could not allow you to know that!”
“That stupid Moran!” he fumed. “He told me he missed completely!”
Thank you all for reading!
Never had I been so aware of the disparities between our stations in life. Such distinctions had never mattered before. Now they seemed an impenetrable barrier between us.
“I say, Stanley!” called another voice from the far end of the room. There was the hint of an accent – an Irish accent. But the voice was not the same. It was not low and menacing, but booming and good-natured. “Come and sit with us!”
The Irishman stood and stretched, his face wincing with some deep-seated pain in his back. He looked smaller to me now, as if slightly stooped. And his long dark hair was streaked with grey. He was getting older and his empire was wearing on him. Or else crumbling around him.
“Yes,” he replied. “I’m here. I’ve been following you since you left London.” He looked behind him, back up the road. “Where the devil is Lestrade? Confound Scotland Yard!”
“This should be ready in a moment, sir.” James hummed to himself as he tested the water with his elbow. I had wondered where the two footman were during dinner, Mr. Lovell being the only servant visible throughout the meal. Obviously, James and his compatriot were preparing the water for the baths while Holmes and I dined.
Stan touched my lapel. “Come over and meet Oscar. He’s a real lark, he is! And no fear – he’s a real gentleman, not just chat.”
“But what boy – indeed, what grown man? – can acknowledge such a thing?” Holmes sighed. “My tutor came back for more every night... until my grandfather returned. It didn’t take much to convince the old man to send my tutor packing. I merely said I was tired of Mathematics and he was out the door, protesting loudly. But then he was gone. And no one was ever the wiser.”
He smiled that snake-like smile. “I knew my invitation would find its mark. But perhaps you were not my target.”
“I wouldn’t know about that,” I said through clenched teeth.
“I am not toying with you,” I said. “I know the stakes and I know the danger. I am offering you a proposal. If you vow not to kill Sherlock Holmes or have him killed, then I will come to you and stay with you. You know that I always keep my word. If I promise it and you agree, then you can have me and do with me what you will – as long as Holmes remains unharmed.”
“I’m sorry,” I said, thinking of my own mother’s beautiful face, her golden hair and gentle blue eyes. “It sounds a beastly existence.”
He perused me. “Are you a priest or a vicar or something? You don’t look like you belong on this patch.”
“Come in, James!”
Dark.
“Don’t worry yourself about that, my dear.” I took the creature’s small hand in mine. His skin was clammy, but he also had a feverish aspect. “We will get you out of here as soon as we can.”
“Believe what you will.” Holmes opened the door of the room. “It’s getting late. Take the box with your new pet and let us leave this oppressive place.”
“Bah!” Holmes ejaculated. “Small fry! I believe from the information I obtained from Wiggins and which was confirmed by some intelligence I gathered tonight, that Fisher was killed by ruffians in the employ of a larger, more sinister gang – the same gang that is involved in crime all over this great city. And who shot at us tonight.”
“He doesn’t seem to be in any present danger,” I said. “But his throat may well be damaged. And he can’t speak, so it is possible his larynx was seriously injured. He will need to see a specialist about that. It may mean an operation.”
I scratched Gladstone behind his ears, trying to focus my attention away from James’ pointed queries. But the young man was sharp and he was guileless enough to ask questions from which a more jaded man might refrain.
“Afghanistan,” said James. “That’s in India, right?”
“I might be moving to other lodgings.” Just saying the words tore my heart.
“You’ve been living here with Holmes for, what? A decade?”
221b was little changed in our brief absence, except for a large pile from the Post, which Holmes immediately pounced on.
“I know you will.” She smiled for the first time. “Congratulations, Doctor. I hope never to see you here again.”
“You are a fool, John,” he said. “Look at you! What have you done to yourself?”
“What are we going to do now?” I asked, feeling a sudden chill.
I handed it over.
“A mere stroll, Holmes.” I glanced at the clearing sky. “And the morning is rather fine.”
“Come, caro mio,” the Irishman whispered, pulling me by the hand. “We need privacy. Our room is exactly the way it was. No other man has polluted it since you left. I always knew you would return, Johnny. I knew it.”
“And so I do,” Holmes confirmed. “But so does every man. Including doctors, who, as you are well aware, make the most devious and dangerous murderers. I have always thought that the Whitechapel Ripper must be a surgeon. Or a skilled butcher, which is practically the same thing. The same skills are required to disembowel those lamentable females as to heal them, although I must admire the swiftness and precision of the fellow’s handiwork compared to most physicians of my acquaintance.”
But one thing I was certain of, he was an Irishman. That he never denied. And so I will call him the Irishman. That is enough.
During Affirmations I knew I had to say something. Anything. It wasn’t simply expected, it was required. Part of ‘working the program’ as they say in addict-speak. But I’d been fighting it. And Holmes had been urging me to fight it.
I could have argued the point, but I was so glad to be shed of the place that I let it go. I packed up my belongings in the same cartons I’d unpacked only a few months before – my possessions were still as meagre as they’d ever been. I’d passed into my thirties with little to show for myself beyond those boxes, a damaged body, and a failed military career. But perhaps things were looking up – a change of location, a change of fortune?
