“Cas?” Dean probes, and he sees the moment Cas resigns himself to having whatever this conversation is going to turn out to be.
“Alright, alright,” Dean surrenders. “Open the next one.” Cas squints at Dean suspiciously. “It’s age appropriate, I swear.”
Jack bounds over to his side, happily taking the knife from Dean and sticking it into the bowl of icing. Dean grabs a second knife for himself, and together they sloppily spread the entire bowl atop the cinnamon rolls, still in the pan.
Dean waits for Eileen to make eye contact and then says, “Help yourself. We’re out of here in twenty.”
They make it through all of Titanic without having to pause it for a bathroom break—which is impressive, considering their track record. None of them manage to get to Jack in time to cover his eyes when Kate Winslet takes her top off, though, and no matter what Sam says, Dean absolutely does
Dean leans in, and Cas meets him in the middle for a kiss, resting his palm on the side of Dean’s head, his thumb stroking Dean’s cheekbone. Dean pulls back after a moment or two, far too tired for anything further. Then he rolls over, Cas slinging an arm over his waist, fitting himself against Dean’s back.
“Oh, yeah?” Dean asks, still mostly focused on his monkey’s shirt. Ha! Success! Take that, Build-A-Friggin-Bear. Hopefully the pants will be easier.
Ahead of them, Sam and Eileen are already at the “stuff me” station. Dean snorts. Emily is leading them through some sort of ritual involving a small cloth heart. They shake it, slap it, and rub it all over their respective bears—Snoopy and a bunny rabbit, it seems.
himself off the swing as it crests to its highest point above the ground. Jody and Donna scream as Jack hits the mulch and somersaults a few feet from the momentum. Dean’s just about to sprint across the playground when Jack stands up on shaky legs, giggling. He and Claire high-five with both hands and walk back to the picnic benches with arms around each other’s shoulders. Eileen, who had simply dragged her feet to stop swinging like a normal person, follows behind them.
“Happy birthday, Jack,” she says. “My name is Emily, and I’ll be the Party Leader for you guys today. If you’ll follow me…”
The cranky little wrinkle between Cas’ eyebrows doesn’t dissipate, so Dean cuddles in close and starts pressing open mouthed kisses along the line of Cas’ jaw. “Come on,” he repeats. “I’ll make it worth your while.”
Dean groans, throwing his head back against the mattress and directing his woes towards the ceiling. “You’re killing me, babe.”
Fuck. Dean drags a hand across his mouth. It’s not that Dean doesn’t remember that night—he remembers more than he’d like to, frankly. It’s just not something he likes to think about often. And when he does… well, there are a few details that stand out. The horror in Sam’s eyes. The sticky texture of the blood coating his knife. The sound of Claire’s scream.
And he does. He walks into his bedroom, shutting the door behind himself and retrieving the plastic shopping bag from beneath his bed. He sets it on top of his desk, pushing some of his other papers and folders to the side so he has room to work. First, he takes out the photo album. There’s a small window on the front that reveals the first page, made of a thicker paper than all the rest. Dean plucks a black sharpie out of his pencil cup and writes
He finds Cas still stretched out in bed, looking far less frustrated than when Dean left him. He sits up in preparation for his caffeine, holding both hands out impatiently. Biting down on a smile, Dean passes him his coffee mug and runs a quick hand through Cas’ hair.
There’s a public park a ten-minute drive from the shopping mall, with picnic benches you don’t need to reserve ahead of time. They’re not the only ones there, a number of school children already climbing the jungle gym and screeching their way down the slide, with more cars pulling in behind the Impala. Cas and Eileen hurry over to claim one of the tables, spreading Jack’s presents to mark their territory. Sam and Jack follow at a more leisurely pace.
The next morning, while Jack is outside helping Cas tend to the garden around back of the bunker, Dean calls Jody. She answers after the first few rings.
Dean gives in and tackles Cas into a bruising kiss, just like he’s sure Cas expected him to, and he doesn’t relent until he starts to smell something burning.
“Straight and then turn right,” Sam whispers when he returns to Dean’s side. “There’s an escalator at the end of that wing that should take us right up to the front of the store.”
“Yes!” Jack exclaims. Dean helps him balance all three boxes in his arms and holds the door open as Jack passes through. Jack turns left down the hallway, and Dean goes right towards his room. Inside, he slips the plastic shopping bag off his arm and stows it beneath his bed for later. He notices his Han Solo monkey and Cas’ angelic sea turtle placed atop the pillows at the head of the bed—Cas must’ve taken them out of the boxes while Dean was gone. He smiles, pressing his monkey’s hand to hear that familiar
She rolls her eyes at him, but she finally drops her bag on the floor and flops into the armchair. It’s not zipped all the way, and Dean’s, like, ninety percent sure he can see her Build-A-Bear skunk tucked in alongside her clothes and her shotgun.
and decorated the front with doodles of colorful flowers and frogs. Dean slides the tape into the deck and is immediately bombarded with the sound of trumpets and synthesizers.
“Are we here?” Jack asks, his brows furrowed in confusion. He looks exactly like his father, and Dean smiles at the thought.
Jack wraps Claire in a tight hug, thanking her again, and when he lets her go, she bashfully tucks her hair behind her ears. She’s got a proud look on her face, though, so Dean counts it as a win. The next set of gifts are from Sam, a big box and a small bag. Jack starts with the bag, taking a quick peek inside and then turning it upside down, so that a bunch of matchbox cars fall onto the table. Jack smiles and begins inspecting each one up close, pointing out details to Cas at his side.
Dean bursts into the library, which he finds empty save for Eileen. She notices him in her periphery and looks up, an amused smile on her face.
“No, you didn’t,” Jack insists. “You have to make a real one.” Jack leans in close and whispers, “Believe me. I’ll know.”
“You betcha!” Jack agrees, and Dean makes a mental note to keep him away from Donna and her ridiculous accent for the rest of the afternoon.
“What happened?” he asks, only to get aggressively shushed from both directions in return. “No, no,” he continues, “back it up!” Cas elbows him in the stomach, and Dean resigns himself to never finding out what it was he missed.
“You wanna make the filling?” Dean asks. Jack hesitates. “Come on, you got this. Just butter, cinnamon, and brown sugar. Can’t mess it up.”
Since each photo album page can fit four photos, Dean starts with the ones from Jimmy’s wallet. Besides, aren’t photo albums supposed to go in chronological order? Dean’s never had one, but that seems like the smartest way to organize them.
animal, so he makes sure they both wash their hands before touching the dough again. He rolls the dough himself since Jack’s never done it before—he can watch now and practice next time.
Dean laughs. More like Jack is just super easy to please and loves anything Dean and Cas do. Either way, the kid is happy, so he can’t complain.
“Jimmy was, too,” Claire admits, voice quiet. “She used to get so mad when I brought him up that first year he was missing.”
Jack whips his head around to look up at Cas, his eyes wide, and Cas informs him, “It’s a surprise.” Dean smiles at Cas’ serious tone and goes to fill up a plate with a massive heaping of eggs and bacon, as well as his burnt pancakes. Sam slaps him on the shoulder as he passes by.
Dean pulls the Impala into the garage, and Cas leans over the seatback to wake Jack up. Jack lifts his head, jostling Sammy enough that he opens his eyes, too. Dean turns the engine off and takes out the keys, getting out of the car and unlocking the trunk. Everyone comes around to the back to grab something to carry inside, and they empty the trunk in one trip.
“Close your eyes and make a special wish,” Emily instructs them, and Dean sees Sam make his patented side-eye-judgey-face instead of doing as he’s told. Jack tugs on Sam’s sleeve.
Dean swings back around to Sammy’s room and knocks once before barging in. Sam splutters in annoyance, but Dean ignores him.
Dean laughs, the sound mostly muffled by Cas’ mouth. “Yeah, babe,” he says, barely audible. “What do you say we get this show on the road?”
Cas doesn’t have a whole lot of stuff, so Dean figures they can probably get him all moved into Dean’s room in an hour—
“I mean, I remembered the general things about her. Her hair. The color of her eyes. But I forgot all the details until I found those photos.”
He decides to wish for the rest of the day’s celebrations to go exactly as planned—better, even. It’s not a deep, dark desire or anything, but it’s true.
Dean parallel parks on Main Street and walks a block until he reaches the copy shop. A bell jingles above him when he opens the door, and he greets Phil standing behind the counter. There’s a self-service machine along one of the walls. Dean approaches it and plugs his phone into the attached cord. The screen comes to life, and he selects the images and sizes he wants, plucking them out of the opening after only a few minutes of waiting. Phil rings him up, and Dean pays in cash—tells him to keep the change.
“Well there’s one at some mall in Omaha,” Dean says. “Think you and Claire can make it? Donna, too, if she’s free.”
“Thank you, Dean,” Cas says, his voice taking on that tone that always makes Dean feel like maybe Cas is saying thank you for more than just a two-buck ceramic thrift store angel.
“Uhhhh,” Dean hesitates, remembering the evening Jack offered to cook dinner and they all ended up tearing apart the bunker in search of a fire extinguisher. “If I’m helping, sure, why not?”
Dean pulls some of the wrapping paper away from the side of the box, so he can read the information printed on it. It’s meant for kids eight-years-old or older, but apparently it cooks the food with a lightbulb, and Jack has better small motor skills than most, so Dean figures it’s safe enough for him to use. He’s not positive the food will be safe for them to eat, but at least Jack’ll have fun making it.
Baby’s engine is rumbling, and as they get closer, Dean can see Sam, Eileen, and Jack have crammed themselves into the back seat, leaving the front free for Dean and Cas. Dean laughs, loud and unabashed, as he opens the driver’s side door. He loses it completely when he glances in the rearview mirror and sees Sam’s legs uncomfortably bunched up practically to his chest and his shoulders pulled in tight so that Eileen and Jack have room on either side of him.
Jack smiles and pulls one out of the bin. Dean lets out a breath of relief. Cas is a natural when it comes to making Jack feel good about himself and his decisions, and it makes Dean kinda jealous. Half the time he feels like he’s maneuvering through a minefield, one wrong step away from shattering the kid’s self-esteem like Dean’s own dad sometimes did. Hell, like Dean himself has done a half-dozen times already.
“I forgot it was in there,” Cas says, running his thumb along the leather. He studies it for a minute or two before giving it back to Dean. “I guess there’s no reason to keep it. Since you got me my own IDs and cards.”
By the time the credits roll, Dean’s not sure if he’s just seen the best movie ever made or the worst. It was kind of horrible, but also Constantine is, like, the coolest dude in the world, but also Gabriel—seriously,
Cas makes his way back to the foot of the bed, and Dean stands up to meet him there. Dean usually doesn’t have to look up at Cas, and he’s gotta admit, he’s kinda into it. Cas leans down, taking Dean’s face in both hands and giving him a kiss.
bad. What the hell, though. It’s the kid’s birthday. Dean can suck it up for a few hours. Or, well. One play-through, at least. He’s only human, after all.
“Real mature,” he says, crossing his arms as Claire sets the turtle and skunk on the table beneath a fake showerhead.
He and Jack fingerpaint the filling across the dough until it’s even, and then they lick the excess off, humming in pleasure the whole time. Dean’s not a
As Cas shuffles Jack off to get ready for bed, Dean cracks open another beer and googles Build-A-Bear. The website is pretty straightforward—it describes the process of building a bear and lists out the prices for birthday party packages. Dean clicks on the store locator and types in the zip code for the bunker. There’s a store in Omaha, about halfway between Lebanon and Sioux Falls.
As he’s rinsing the shampoo out of his hair, head tilted back into the hot water spray, the shower curtain slides open, its metal hooks squealing against the rod. Dean opens his eyes to find Cas climbing inside the tub alongside him. He grins, feeling like the cat that got the canary. Finally—a chance to finish what they started this morning. He grabs Cas around the waist, pulling him closer and taking a step or two backwards at the same time so that they both wind up underneath the water.
“I know how you feel,” Dean confesses, and in his periphery, he sees her head whip up to face him. He reaches around her for the second paddle brush and turns so they’re standing shoulder-to-shoulder. “Most of our stuff from when I was little burned up in the fire.”
Something like relief runs over Cas’ face, the emotion gone too fast to be sure. “See? You’re stronger than you give yourself credit for. You can fight this if it’s not what you want.”
“It’s never gonna clean up into something presentable but the people are real.” It’s not quite apologetic, Dean’s not ashamed as such, but he knows that most people see them as white trash. Well, any of them but Sam, with his college education and fancy law degree.
That sounds like an understatement. But there’s something else that makes Cas tilt his head. “Is she the Alpha or the Omega?” Though of course it should be impossible for an Omega to have the power to decide about housing them. But with this pack, everything is possible.
But Cas pushes away, not much, but enough that he can tilt up Dean’s face so that they are looking at each other again. “Then tell me, how are you going to make sure I’m not going too far?” he asks.
Normally, it is appreciated. Right now, Dean can’t cope. He shakes Cas’ hand loose from his shoulder, heaving again.
Dean nods. “Yeah. Thanks. I think I needed that.” He scratches his neck embarrassedly. “Sorry for being such a wuss.”
Gabe sighs. “That I’m gonna miss you something awful, little brother. Might even miss this oaf here.” He punches Dean in the shoulder. “So hey, my tears at your funeral won’t be all fake.”
“Pie, dude, pie!” Dean growls and all but shoves the pie into Steve’s hands. “We brought you pie. Cause that’s the kind of awesome neighbors we are.”
For a long moment, Cas looks at Dean, then he abruptly turns and starts the car. “Yeah, that’s not happening.”
“I sent him a location and time! I can’t help it if he doesn’t check his email and is too late for the pick up!”
“I, umm,” he doesn’t know what to say, and Hannah doesn’t say anything else. But he still wants to tell her at least something. “It's strange. I have avoided this town for so long. It’s different than I expected. Being back.“ It’s a start, even though it’s a small one.
“Cause we weren’t,” Sam shrugs. “Happy surprise. Cause you know, there are those, too.” He nudges Dean and puts the ultrasound pic safely back into his pocket when the waitress comes with their food and drinks.
That it’s Cas that he wants and that he wants to be sober because he wants what they had and he wants all the playtime and he doesn’t want his judgement to be impaired. But it’s also more than that. He doesn’t want to go back to the person he was before Cas came into his life. He’s working on his coping mechanisms and even if it doesn’t help with the lovesick puppy thing, Dean’s life isn’t falling apart because Cas isn’t in it anymore. He doesn’t
Dean’s not so sure about going into the lion’s den, but Cas seems to have none of his scruples because he smiles at Steve and says, “We’d very much enjoy that, yes. You are very pleasant company.”
Cas isn’t buying it, though. He frowns. “Dean, I told you yesterday, you can stay here as long as you need to.”
“My name is Castiel Novak. I'm Claire’s father,” Cas repeats, calm and certain this time. "The grandmother she ran away from is my late wife's mother."
“No,” Cas snaps. “Of course not. In fact, that’s exactly why I’m asking. I’m your friend, Dean. I’m here for you all the way but my opinion will always be biased. A professional who isn’t personally attached to you could help you more.”
“I’m glad it turned out alright for you guys,” Bucky says and his voice is soft and sad, very different from how it was the rest of the night.
“But…” It comes out before he’s had the time to think about it and he snaps his mouth shut. He can find another approach. Direct opposition is not it. Not when he’s supposed to be good.
“One of the ones you meet at a bar. Or on the street. Or in the library. I couldn’t,” Cas bites his lip. “I couldn’t ever do that, Dean. I wouldn’t ever be able to be that.”
“What have the tomatoes done?” Cas asks and Dean turns around with a jolt, knife upwards and ready to attack. When he sees that it is Cas he relaxes immediately and lowers it. “Jesus Christ, Cas! Don’t sneak up on me!”
“Then don’t.” It sounds so simple when Cas says it. “Just go through with our original plan, Dean. Please.”
these days, have you?" Dean asks carefully.  He doesn't think Cas is actively bigoted or anything, just - clueless, judging by his reactions.
There is an even conviction in his voice that leaves no doubts that he means that. It’s a stark contrast to softly he takes Dean’s hand. He turns it over and lets his thumb glide over the bruise on Dean’s wrist. He does it with the same care and the same reverence that he’d shown with his sister. Then he looks up again.
They’re uncomfortably close this way, the man bent all the way over Dean, his trench coat brushing Dean’s legs and side.
“Dean.” Cas goes for calmth but it still sounds worried. “You were far away.” He is kneeling in front of Dean, his strong grip on Dean’s shoulder not loosening. “Are you back with me now?”
“Well.” It’s Cas’ turn to shrug. Naomi has always had a lot of acquaintances but she’s too self-righteous for anyone to get close and become her friend.
“But we’re hunters,” Dean says and now his voice is small. “Hunters don’t do that kind of shit. Definitely not with each other.” It sounds like a feeble excuse but he’s got no words to explain what he means. Apart from that every hunter he knows who ever had a partner, they got violently killed.
They stay like that until the uncomfortable position on the floor becomes too much. Even then, they move away from each other only reluctantly. And they stay close, always in the same room or in each other’s space all the way until Charlie rings the doorbell. Cas goes to open then while Dean starts making a pot of coffee for them.
Well, that’s definitely not the case but that isn’t what Cas means. So Dean nods. Still, he has to ask. “Does this - does this topic come up? At your work I mean? Do you have people like, umm,  me to counsel?”
He checks his phone but there’s still no new message. Not that he’s expected one yet. He has a feeling Cas didn’t sleep much in the past few nights. So he’s going to be out for a while.
There’s a small movement then, and was that - did Cas just kiss his hair? His stomach tumbles over. But it’s different than before. There’s no nausea attached here. Just butterflies. And that - that isn’t right. That shouldn’t happen. Cas has his own soulmate and it’s not Dean. But the butterflies stubbornly stay and Dean doesn’t want to fight them. The fight against Amara takes about all he has anyway. And this, this feels nice. This feels good. Cas’ warmth surrounds him and breathing in the scent of Cas’ clothes, he breathes freer than he has in days.
“Ooookay, that’s a new level of creepy even for her. And isn’t Becky dating that Chuck guy now?” Because Superfan99 most definitely has a tumblr. That she uses to share every inappropriate detail of her life.
“Are you set on California?” Charlie repeats patiently. “I kinda gotta know which state or country your ID documents should belong to.”
“So, what’s the deal with the arm?” Brother slash boyfriend asks when Bucky hands him his glass. It sounds hostile and Steve can’t help but notice that in opposition to Sam, who immediately took a sip of his lemonade, boyfriend guy doesn’t. He gives his significant other a meaningful glance, too, that Steve takes to mean as ‘let’s see whether Sam keels over first before we try this concoction’. His glare gets even harder when his boyfriend doesn’t listen, and instead sniffs at the lemonade, then tries it, and finally downs half his glass in one big gulp.
“Cas and I are a couple. For real.” It’s not what Dean had wanted to say. It really isn’t. But he can’t take Sam’s patronizing tone for a single second longer. “Not defending. Just saying. So that you know. Cause it’s none of your business what we do anyway. So you just gotta live with it,” he growls.
Waking up next to Cas is nice. Really nice. Weirdly, it’s not even disorienting. Usually, when Dean wakes up next to another body, it takes a moment for his brain to piece together who it is that is beside him. But usually, it’s not his best friend – boyfriend! - either. Because boyfriends. Because they’ve told Sam.
“Dean, this is - can I ask what’s brought this on? You have been certain about wanting an Unsealing from the first minute I’ve met you.”
Immediately, Cas lays a protective hand over Dean’s but he still turns to Sam with the question, “Can we use this? Violence against your soulmate is a pretty big red flag.”
Cas tilts his head, confused more about Dean’s gesture than his words, Dean thinks, so Dean lets go before he turns around to go to the living room and find the laptop. He flips it open and of course it’s turned on.
“That’s - Dean, that’s fine. I’m sorry that things didn’t turn out the way you hoped. I’ve always wanted for you to be happy.”
“He’s got bacon and eggs, too,” Sam helpfully supplies. “Though it's too many fats and not enough nutrients for me. And those two are always into the sweet breakfast foods if you give them a choice.”
“Eh, you know your body does nothing for me, Winchester,” she shrugs. “Now gimme some of that coffee.”
Which, you know, he still doesn’t know how she did that. All he’d seen was Cas scowling. Then of course, Cas scowling while Dean pathetically follows him around, flirts too hard, and basically just in general tries too hard and flushes scarlet every time it gets him any attention at all, is pretty much a common occurrence these days. And if you want to label it with a power balance, well, Dean’s not coming out on top in that dynamic.
And that sucks but in a way, it’s okay, too. Easier. Dean’s used to not getting what he wants. And he hasn’t lost Cas completely, Cas is still his friend. Hell, he trusts him enough to move in with him for this case. To let Dean hold his hand. So Dean’s just going to make the best of what he’s allowed to have. This case and the suburbia thing are enough of a cover to have a chance to at least earn as much trust back as he can.
And okay, that’s a new one. He’s had girls wax poetic about his features before but no one’s ever commented on his laugh.
“Dean? Look at me.” Amara’s voice holds that slight edge again and Dean couldn’t stop himself if he wanted. He looks up at her. “I’m glad that you came around and we can leave the unpleasantness of our last meeting behind. I feel like we need to talk about it, though, so that there are no hard feelings. Don’t you agree?”
A smile ghosts over Cas’ face. “Yes, Dean. ‘Spy kind of crap.’” He uses actual finger quotes and everything.
Steve grumbles under his breath, because he’s got no idea about this and it’s Nat’s own fault if the cables end up in the wrong boxes.
“For letting me get to you,” Dean figures out immediately because he’s an idiot but not that big of an idiot. “For letting me make you feel bad about yourself. Which makes it my fault again.”
“We might not be able to have any direct contact but you’ve set all of this up.” Dean makes a sweeping gesture to include all the files on the table. “You really think I believe for a second that you’re not going to track our every movement?”
So much so, that he doesn’t even notice that they’re running into their targets before Bucky tugs on his hand urgently.
“I would have fought for you, love,” Missouri says. Her words have a hard edge, like she’s still determined to fight, even this many years later.
“Look, Dean, you’re not the only one who judges their value by the time it takes them to hack the Pentagon instead of by their intrinsic values.”
It was probably a bad idea, taking Bucky’s hand. Not because Bucky seems opposed to it. In the opposite, after an initial suppressed flinch, born out of the not quite dissolved expectation of punishment, Steve thinks (and God does he want to punch anyone who’s ever hurt Bucky), Bucky holds on tightly, even if he stays quieter than normal.
“Oh.” Dean crumbles in a little further on himself. So maybe he has to do this on his own after all. “I see. I’m sorry for asking.”
That shuts Cas up. There is of course no possibility whatsoever that he is pregnant. Cas hasn’t had a heat since things have changed between them, and Dean’s not even seeming impatient for that moment to arrive. He has in fact, done nothing but what Missouri has called
“Of course not,” Cas reassures though his eyes have turned even more worried than they were a minute ago.
“We can get a fourth chair from the kitchen,” Cas supplies helpfully and hands both of his plates to Dean to go do just that.
Hiding is very rarely an option anymore but right now, Cas really wishes it would be. Or that Dean would at least not have brought his biology into this argument. He can feel his face burn at the mention of his heat, a topic whose discussion he hates almost as much as the thing itself. To know that it is not only a public point of discussion, but an argument for their course of travel, is nauseating.
“I like bees,” Cas pouts. “And why are you so angry with me? I’m not the one who tried to kill y– ” There’s a short gasp as Cas’ cuts himself off, then a puff of breath and then silence.
He doesn’t even have to look to know that she’s raising one eyebrow at him. When he does look, that’s exactly what she’s doing.
“It can’t be you, huh?” Dean says. Not that he really wants to be Cas’ client. But the thought of spilling his guts to a stranger is not comforting, either.
“He likes you,” Bucky echoes and sounds faintly sick. “And his relationship is failing. Great. Really great.”
He can see the heat tinge Dean’s cheeks to a darker red than the cold manages, even while Dean ducks his head, like he’s shy. “I’m glad.”
And it’s not actually that part that Cas isn’t sure about. “You can always command her how to treat me. I’m not sure the same is true about…”
Dean doesn’t think anything of it until he turns back to find a pen and paper to write down what he needs and sees the steep frown on Cas’ face. He stills. “What’s wrong, Cas?”
Claire in the meantime makes her way back to Dean. To a spot behind him on the far side of her dad actually.
Another deep sigh escapes Cas before he very quietly admits. “You’re already helping. I… I guess I was lonely. That’s why I texted. I am sorry that I woke you from your dream. I didn’t want to disturb you.”
Dean had had a sudden flashback to their own house going up in flames, his mother trapped inside, and had abruptly turned away from the conversation, mumbling only, “Make sure the fire doesn’t spread”.
There aren’t many people out here. There are two or three widows who have started greeting him, barely concealed curiosity on their faces when they saw him here for the second week in a row.
Cas levels him with a stare, and okay, fair. Dean just got through telling him how you can end up when there are no favorable circumstances after all.
“Oh don’t you start, too! It’s enough that Claire calls me that. Also, you used to be a skinny teenager!” Dean grumbles.
“That’s not - I didn’t ask -,” Dean steps back from Cas after all because with Cas holding on to him it’s even harder to do this. Cas’ grip slides off from Dean’s hand without Cas trying to hold him back. Dean shouldn’t have written that text message. He should just have written a note to be found after he was already gone. He crosses his arms again, faces Charlie because that’s easier than facing Cas. “I didn’t ask you to deliver me anywhere. I’m perfectly capable of going on my own. All I asked was whether you’d be willing to do some counseling. And you said no. That’s - that’s fine.” He bites his lip hard because, yeah, there’s still nothing that’s fine about that. “It’s your decision. I just thought…” He shrugs.
“Shit,” Dean says when he notices that Cas has devoured his two burgers already while he’s not even done with the first of his. “Want my second burger?” He’s not so sure he’s hungry anymore.
Oh yeah, Steve remembers, they’re supposed to make conversation and build trust. “We brought lemonade,” he says lamely. “Thought you might be thirsty. What with you moving in and everything.” Right. Way to state the obvious, he sighs inwardly. He might be out of the ice longer than Bucky’s been away from HYDRA, but his small talk skills are still lacking.
For a moment, Dean is unsure whether to send it. It sounds like he assumes that they have a future together. Then he sends it anyway, because whether they have a future as a couple is up in the air, but he sure hopes that they both have a future and that it’ll be one where they don’t lose contact completely.
She doesn’t say anymore but from the expression on her face, whatever has happened to her wasn’t good.
“I’m sorry, Cas. Believe me, I really am,” Sam sounds apologetic, too, “but I don’t think we should risk it. Between this and the telemarketers and the fact that all I could dig up on that license plate on your neighbor’s car is that there is no owner listed, this is getting too weird.”
Determined, Cas sets aside the furs he had been working on stitching together and gets up to find his way over several bedrolls towards Missouri.
While Sam seems to be enjoying himself and keeps holding onto Bucky’s hand, his brother – actually his brother it seems – is openly scowling now.
“Dean?” Fingers are wrapping around his, gentle and strong at the same time, grounding him in the moment where he was drifting away.
“You’ve been with me every step of the way. It wasn’t cool of me to shut you out. I’m sorry.”  He gives Cas a guilty half-smile.
Dean’s feet are moving before his brain has even caught up with the sentence. Goddamn, Cas has a sexy voice when he gets bossy.
Her eyes are dark and they aren’t soft but there is no malice in them, either. She holds his gaze steadily.
“No.” Cas doesn’t hesitate with his answer. “No, Dean, it isn’t. This is something I want. Have wanted long before Amara was in the picture. But - but if everything has a reason, or maybe - a silver lining if not a reason, then this is it. This is where I’ll use everything that I’ve learned. I’ll not make the same mistake again. I’m not going to abandon you to either the universe or the law. I - actually,
Cas is silent for a long moment before he asks, “You know that the furs bring me comfort because they have our scents stuck to them, right?” Because he honestly isn’t sure anymore whether Dean knows.
Dean shrugs, playing it off casually. “Wasn’t all that exciting until yesterday when he told me about being Claire’s father.”
Cas’ answer hurts more than Dean cares to admit, so he defaults back to anger. “I do what all the time? Drunk text you at 3am? Cause I don’t think so.”
The thought leaves a sour taste in Dean’s mouth. He’d always thought that no matter else was going on between them - or not going on between them as it turns out - Dean at least was there for Cas as much as Cas was there for him. Now if the whole time Cas didn’t actually appreciate any of their - no, Dean doesn’t even want to think about it.
All Cas does is shake his head, wide-eyed look of shock at Dean's reaction giving him the look of a deer in headlights.
“Dean!” Jess gasps. “Don’t even think that! That’s not true! You deserve to be loved just as much as anyone else!”
“Shhh,” Cas draws a calming hand through Dean’s hair, petting the unruly strands before settling on keeping the hand at the back of Dean’s neck.
Dean kind of gets the feeling that the way Cas keeps repeating his name does not spell good things for him. “They help people?” he hedges.
Steve looks helplessly at Bucky who looks back at him with the same expression. Then they both shrug.
Dean doesn’t answer because sarcasm is okay but if he answers he’ll accidentally tell her how happy it makes him that Cas tried to elbow him in the face instead of ignoring his existence, and then she’s going to declare him certifiable. Which, in all fairness, he probably is.
Dean doesn’t like it. The way everyone’s voice and face gets worried all the time now. But then, he’s going to like not seeing their faces even less. He grimaces. “Yeah, you’re right. It’s just, it’s a fucked up situation, man.”
There is a bit more back and forth and then the smile comes back to Sam’s face and he starts nodding enthusiastically. “On the way back, yes, I can do that. I’ll tell Dean as soon as I’m back at the house. I’ll let you know, okay?” His smile gets softer at whatever follows that and then he nods again. “Yeah, I’ve been missing you, too,” he says quietly before he first points at himself, then lays his hands over his heart and finally points at the screen. “I’ll see you soon.” There’s a wistful moment after Sam ends the phone call. Then he clears his throat. “Uh, sorry for this. But thanks for holding him.”
. Very cute actually. And now that Dean thinks about it, he may have caught Cas glancing in his direction once or twice. And there seems to be a vague recollection of blushing as well. On both sides. Cause Dean may or may not have checked out Castiel’s booty more than once. And the rest of him as well. Dean can feel his cheeks heating up just thinking about it.
“You’re aware that I could block that email, right?” Natasha asks with raised eyebrows. She turns the notebook enough that he can read the notification about an email sent from Steve’s account to Clint’s account that has popped up on her screen.
“Hey, you can hold hands with me again once we’re done eating. I’m not going anywhere,” Dean tries for a light and teasing tone.
It’s like the whole world is against him, he thinks morosely and holds on tighter to his beer bottle. He can’t even drink as much of that as he wants to, because fuck, he’s not going to have this talk with Sam while he’s drunk.
Dean walks up the driveway. It looks like a family home. Or rather, like it once was a family home, at a time when the street lamps still worked and the pavement wasn’t cracked.
one after all. Problem is, he can already see Sam running around the bunker after him making smooching noises, and Dean really doesn’t need that.
Dean can’t, then, even though, yes, he should test her, but “Goddammit, Charlie!” He closes his arms around her and hugs her so tight that it feels like he should be crushing her, but she hugs him back just as fiercely.
Steve’s stomach has dropped to the floor and he feels sick and wants to tell him, no, don’t ask Natasha. Because she is good at her job and she keeps her emotions in check. She’s going to do it. But he can’t promise Bucky something that he knows he can’t go through with, either. “I’m with you to the end, Buck, but you can’t ask me this. I can’t do it. And fair warning, I won’t just let Natasha do it, either.”
Too many feelings, too many memories. It still feels like a fog hanging over him, making it impossible for him to do a thing. To take back control.
Dean stays back, too, while Cas brings Charlie to the door. It’s weird, watching her wave from the driveway, knowing that she’s bouncing right out of his life. He’s known her for such a short time but he knows he’s gonna miss her almost as much as Sam.
It makes Dean’s stomach tumble over itself again. Ridiculous. Ridiculous amounts of hope. All because Cas is giving him any attention at all, negative as it may be.
Cas sighs. “I have clients who are very unhappy with their situation, whether they’ve already found their soulmate or not. A soulmate isn't a guarantee for happiness. Even when society wants you to believe that. But again, Dean, you are not my client. You are my friend.”
“Fuck the rules of conduct,” Bucky replies heatedly. “I’ve had decades of someone else’s rules telling me what I could do. You’re not taking the one thing that I know that I want away from me now.”
She wants him to move in with her. In fact, she wants him to not even go back home but go with her to her apartment right now. And Dean? Dean’s got no idea how to get out of that. How to convince her to listen to him. How to even get enough words out to start on this topic.
The answer comes within seconds. As if she is sitting with her phone in hand waiting for his message. He shudders.
section. Dean has to admit that he liked the Star Wars ones, but he is not 14 anymore, so no point in buying them. After 10 minutes of discussion, they decided to leave the covers behind for now and moved on to buy sheets. That shouldn’t be that hard, should it? It turns out to be much more complicated that Dean thought.
Once the pop rocks have popped their last pop, Cas throws away all the wrapping paper he’d accumulated in Dean’s duffel, and the other adults help Dean carry all of Jack’s presents back to the Impala, squeezing them into the trunk alongside the bear boxes. Claire and Jack hang out on the monkey bars—literally hang out upside down by their knees. Jack’s new sweatshirt doesn’t have elastic holding itself to his waist, so the fabric keeps falling down over his face, no matter how many times he pushes it away.
Claire hovers near one of the armchairs, her bag still slung over her shoulder. “Couch is new,” she says.
Dean leans in close and Cas meets him in the middle for a kiss. God. Dean doesn’t think he’ll ever get tired of this. He hadn’t even realized how desperately he’d wanted it all these years until he’d finally gotten a taste. Sure, he’d known how he’d
Claire drags herself into the kitchen, barely lifting her feet as she walks. Her hair’s a mess, and her eyes are still half shut. “What are you doing?”
Dean nods, not really sure what else to say. He never went to college, obviously, or had a part-time job. He’d wanted to get one when he was living at Sonny’s, so used to being expected to contribute to the “household” income, but Sonny always told him that his job was school and wrestling. His job was to settle in. It doesn’t matter, anyway—Emily shuts the machine off and pulls his monkey away from the tube before he has a chance to open his mouth. Dean takes his foot off the pedal, and Emily hands him one of the small, red, felt hearts.
“Of course,” Dean says, and he and Claire both know that’s not what Dean meant. “Let’s go get started.”
After they’ve all had their birth certificates printed, Emily rejoins them and hands out paper party hats adorned with bear ears. They’re designed for children, so the string squeezes Dean’s own human ears from behind, and he’s literally counting down the seconds until he can rip the damn thing off. All eight of them gather in close, clutching their bears, while Emily takes a million pictures on Jody’s iPhone. Dean smiles nicely for the first few, and then all bets are off. He gives Sammy bunny ears in one, and he crosses his eyes and sticks his tongue out in another. Dean wraps his hands around Cas’ throat, pretending to strangle him, and Cas retaliates by pressing a sloppy kiss to Dean’s temple—though, he misses the mark and pretty much
across the front. Dean stares at it for a minute, and then he stares at Claire, who shamelessly stares right back. It is absolutely a contest.
“Where the hell is everyone?” he asks in English, and she just shrugs in response. Dammit. Dean goes back down the main hallway and peeks into Jack’s room. He seems to be dressed, at least, but he’s standing by his desk with his backpack, looking confused.
Claire picks up a small square-shaped brush from the side of the bathtub table and begins brushing the fur of her skunk, more tenderly than Dean would have expected.
“I like them,” Jack declares. Shit. Did he hear them? Dean’s not sure. The kid’s always had a habit of announcing his likes and dislikes. Maybe that’s what’s happening.
“Don’t forget the other one,” Claire says, pointing at the little bag covered in a confetti print. Jack snatches it up and opens it right away.
Cas indulges Dean for a few more kisses, before he pulls back and asks, “Don’t you have to go do something?”
They all toss their garbage into a bin nearby, and Dean puts the top back on the cake box so they can bring it home later.
Jack points to a medium-sized rectangular box, wrapped in colorful paper and a silver bow. The envelope taped to the top contains a card, and Jack reads the Hallmark message aloud, revealing the gift to be from both Jody and Donna. He tears the paper off, and Cas collects the scraps, shoving them into the duffel that had previously contained all the plates and plasticware. Jack lifts the top off the box and gasps happily at the Spider-Man comic books inside. There’s half a dozen of them in there, and Dean would protest the cost if he himself hadn’t spent just as much or more on his own gifts. Speaking of—
Dean takes the cake to the fridge right away, and when he comes out of the kitchen, he sees that most of Jack’s presents have been abandoned on the table in the library to be dealt with in the morning. Jack himself is making the rounds, hugging everyone goodnight. He barrels into Dean last, pressing the side of his face into Dean’s chest and wrapping his arms tightly around Dean’s middle.
Jack takes the knife and slices it right down the middle of Archie’s face. He’s about to pull it back out when Claire stops him with a hand over his on the handle.
Once he and Cas are alone, he takes a shaky breath, the adrenaline from today finally leaving his body, and Cas pulls him into a warm embrace. Dean tucks his face into the crook of Cas’ neck and feels their chests move in tandem.
Dean stumbles out of his room in late-morning and narrowly avoids tripping over Jack’s matchbox car loop-de-loop that he has inexplicably set up right in front of the library entryway.
Claire pulls away, and Dean pretends not to notice her wiping away some tears. She holds the album tightly against her chest as she leaves the room, and Dean stands in place for a while after he’s watched her go. Then, he grabs the empty beer bottles and popcorn bowl, carrying them to the kitchen. He flips the bowl over the trashcan, discarding all the un-popped kernels, and rinses the beer bottles out, leaving them upside down in the dish rack. Sam’ll toss them into the recycling bin in the morning.
“Lady in the recipe video had a fancy brush,” Dean says, pouring the filling onto the dough. “But our fingers should work just fine.”
Grumbling, Dean does as he’s told and settles as comfortably as he can in one of the recliners with Cas. Sammy and Eileen are in the other one, with Jack stretched out on his stomach on the floor, using his hot pink sloth to prop his chin up. Huh. Maybe they should start keeping an eye out for more furniture in second-hand stores and left on the side of the road.
“Yeah,” Dean repeats, quieter. It’s kind of insane how much better Dean can feel after a hug from Cas. They stand there, embracing, until Dean hears Sam start wolf-whistling from the other side of the store. Dean flips him off as he pulls away. Once they’re face-to-face again, Cas tilts his head, his eyes roving all over Dean’s features. Dean’s not sure what he’s looking for—or what he finds, either. Whatever it is, it must reassure Cas that Dean’s not about to have a complete mental break in the next five minutes. He gazes down at his turtle.
“Morning, grumpy,” Dean greets him, with a cheeky smile. Oh, if looks could kill… Though, even as Cas glares at him, he tilts his head backwards so that Dean can give him an upside-down kiss.
Jack copies Dean’s motions, but the pin just ghosts across the surface of the dough, hardly rolling it out at all.
There’s a halo held above the turtle’s head by a piece of wire. Dean flicks it. “Yeah, that doesn’t surprise me.”
“No friggin’ way,” Jack exclaims, smile wider than Dean thinks he’s ever seen it. Nobody even bothers to point out his age-inappropriate language.
Dean’s not sure how much Claire knows about John—or Mary, even. And he’s not—he’s not going to spill his innermost feelings and secrets to her in the middle of a fucking Build-A-Bear workshop, but he can make her feel a little less alone in this. Or he can try to, at least.
“At Randy’s house,” Cas says, “after, well. After. Sam thought it would be smart to wipe all our prints and make sure there weren’t any footprints. For when the police came. He found Jimmy’s wallet somewhere in the house.”
“Start by shaking your heart to wake it up,” she instructs, and Dean complies. “Slap it to give it a heartbeat… rub it on your furry friend’s chest so they’re full of love… on their back so they always have yours… your head so they’re as smart as you are… and your toes so they’re totally awesome, just like you. Alright, now close your eyes and make a special wish.”
Cas crosses the room and climbs atop the bed, walking on it precariously, his feet sinking deep into the memory foam with every step. His collection of trinkets was the first thing they brought over, and Cas stood on the bed for twenty minutes arranging them to his satisfaction. Now, he sets the angel down between a figurine of a dog made of cabbage (another thrift store find) and a tiny, navy blue and turquoise pinch-pot Jack made for Cas during a ceramics workshop at the Lebanon community center.
Dean stops by the kitchen to reheat some takeout leftovers, and when he passes back through the library, it doesn’t look like Jack has moved, but his toys are back in the box and out of the way. Dean thanks him and returns to his room. The smell of sweet and sour chicken rouses Cas from sleep, and they eat lunch in bed, criss-cross-applesauce atop the sheets.
He pushes his bag in front of Jack. It’s a pretty dark blue color, and Dean can’t see any tissue paper inside, which makes it easy for Jack to reach in and pull out a small stack of books. They’re the Smithsonian kind—real informational, and not enough pictures for Dean’s taste, but they’re right up Cas and Jack’s alley. Jack flips through them, reading the subjects aloud for the group: rocks and gems, space, Ancient Egypt, and dinosaurs. Jack gets caught up in the last one, checking out the table of contents and exploring the first few pages.
Dean nods again and lets himself be escorted to his bedroom. Inside, he strips down to his boxer briefs and flops facedown onto the mattress, his feet hanging off the end. He can hear Cas puttering around, searching for a pair of sweatpants to sleep in. The light flicks off, and Dean feels Cas swat at the back of his thighs. He takes that as an instruction to crawl under the covers properly, and so he does just that, rearranging himself a few times before he gets comfortable.
He flips through the wallet flaps, cataloguing Jimmy’s debit card and library card and fro-yo loyalty punch card. He was only one punch away from a free medium serving. Dean’s about to toss the whole thing in the trashcan when something catches his eye: the corner of a thick piece of paper sticking out of one of the card slots. When Dean pulls it out, he uncovers a photo of Amelia Novak, a decade or so younger than she was when they first met her. She’s staring off into the distance, her blonde hair practically shining in the sunlight. Dean digs through the rest of the slots, and finds three more photographs: a professional portrait of Jimmy and Amelia, probably from their engagement shoot; Jimmy and Amelia perched on a hospital bed, Amelia cradling a newborn baby; and a school yearbook picture of Claire with her two front teeth missing.
Dean gets to work dressing his monkey, but it’s significantly harder than he ever would’ve expected. The head hole in the shirt barely fits over his monkey’s massive head, and it snaps off before Dean’s gotten it past the second ear more than once.
what he’s supposed to do with it. Emily probably explained it while he was zoning out earlier, which. Figures. He leans against the ledge and decides to just wait for Cas to join him.
, likes accumulating things of his own—and lucky for him, Dean loves giving them. He reaches blindly into the shopping bag, wrapping his fist around the ceramic angel and pulling it out. Holding his fist in Cas’ line of sight, he slowly uncurls his fingers and watches Cas’ reaction. His eyes light up, and a brilliant smile spreads its way across his face, almost blinding. Cas lets go of Dean, delicately plucking the angel from his hand and cradling it in his own. He looks over to the ledge above Dean’s—
“I guess not,” Dean agrees, even though his stomach feels funny at the thought of throwing it away. “Wait a minute. Didn’t Claire lift this off you? Back when you first found her?”
“My dad, uh,” Dean says as he runs the brush over the top of his monkey’s head. It’s a surprisingly soothing little motion. “I guess he grabbed some pictures of my mom on his way out, or already had them in his wallet, or something. I’m not sure which. Either way, I found them in his journal when he left it for me back in, what? 2005, I think.”
The drive home to the bunker is peaceful. Dean lets Cas choose the music, and he finds a radio station playing acoustic covers of pop songs. Dean’s first instinct is to turn it off, but he hears Cas quietly humming along under his breath and decides to leave it alone. As they pass the border from Nebraska into Kansas, Dean glances in the rearview mirror and sees all three of them conked out—Eileen and Jack both with their heads resting on Sam’s shoulders. Dean smiles and pats Cas’ knee to get his attention. Cas takes a picture and taps on his phone a few times, probably sending it to Jody, Donna, and Claire. Maybe even Rowena. She’d like having an unflattering photo of Sammy, that’s for sure.
He watches Cas and Emily converse while she operates the machine, and for a moment Dean feels proud of how sociable Cas has become lately. He’s still pretty awkward, but he’s far better at holding a conversation with strangers than he used to be. Cas completes the heart ceremony, but he stays by Emily’s side throughout Claire’s turn, and after, too. Huh.
“That’s mine,” Claire says, and she rests her chin in her hand, elbow on the table, to watch Jack open it.
For a split second, Dean regrets it, thinking of all the insane mixes Jack has put together over the past couple of months after Dean showed him how. Dean would say he inherited his taste in music from his father, but even Cas doesn’t listen to stuff
“What else would I say?” Cas asks, tilting his head, and, hand to God, Dean can’t tell if he’s being deliberately fucked with or not. Christ, he loves this guy.
“Well, I was a little busy carrying my six-month-old baby brother out of a flaming inferno” he says, wryly. “Didn’t have a chance to grab any of my favorite toys.”
“That’ll be Eileen,” Sam announces, heading out to meet her. Cas, who must’ve noticed Dean’s intake of breath, of course he did, rests a comforting hand on Dean’s thigh, and continues eating one-handed.
Once it’s confirmed, Cas goes to find Jack, and Dean heads to the kitchen to get started on lunch. He decides on sandwiches—peanut butter and jelly for the other two and a BLT for himself—and cherry Kool-Aid, which he mixes up in a large glass pitcher. Balancing three plates, three glasses, and a bag of chips carefully atop a tray, Dean cautiously makes his way out of the kitchen and down the main hallway. Cas and Jack are on the floor in Jack’s room, working together on a puzzle. He sets the tray on Jack’s bed, passing everything out, and they eat in comfortable silence. After, Dean plugs his iPod into the speaker on Jack’s desk and settles into the beanbag in the corner of the room, crossing his arms over his chest and letting himself drift off to the soft sounds of Cas and Jack fitting puzzle pieces into place.
“That kind dries really fast,” Claire tells him. “So you don’t have to worry about accidentally smudging them.”
It doesn’t take long for Dean to get worked up—Cas not too far behind him—and they both lose track of time. Hell, Dean even forgets they’ve got a rigid schedule to keep to until he hears Sammy pounding on the door and yelling, “Hey, what happened to twenty minutes?”
Dean snorts, and Claire flashes a smile at him. “I know right,” she says. She goes back to brushing, this time picking up Cas’ turtle. “I used to sit on the floor in front of the TV and just flip through all the albums over and over. I don’t know why I liked them so much.”
Dean stops by his room on the way out to grab his own wallet, phone, and Baby’s keys. He passes the Dean Cave and pokes his head in real quick to make sure Jack hasn’t secretly turned on Riverdale without parental supervision. (He hasn’t.) Then he heads into the garage and drives into town.
“Thanks, Claire!” Jack says. He sets the bottles carefully on the table in front of him and dives back into the bag, this time pulling out a blue sweatshirt that reads
“My mom kept all these photo albums in the living room,” she tells him. “She was obsessed with taking pictures of like, everything. There were so many pictures of me when I was little just, like… eating or taking a bath or whatever. It was so ridiculous.”
He follows Jack to the main wall, where Jack points out the sports uniforms and occupational stuff, like firefighter and naval officer. Those seem pretty boring to Dean, so they move down the line. The superhero costumes are kinda cool, and Jack and Dean laugh for what feels like twenty minutes at an absurd Empire State Building costume they find in the clearance section. Dean’s starting to think he might just take his monkey home commando, when out of the corner of his eye he spots—
Dean remembers meeting Claire back then—vaguely. She wasn’t as angry, that’s for sure. He can imagine her lying awake, wondering where her dad was—if he was ever coming back. Hell, he can relate.
The thing is—Dean knows Claire gets thorny when she’s backed into a corner. She’s at her meanest when she feels her most vulnerable, and Dean knows it because he practically wrote the handbook on lashing out at your loved ones so that they don’t bring up the thing you’re sensitive about. Claire’s looking for a reaction, something to make her feel in control after that whirlwind of a conversation at the Fluff Me station, and Dean’s. Well. Dean’s not going to give it to her.
She rushes away, and Dean sees she does actually make her way over to Cas. He’s not totally convinced she isn’t going to bolt right after, but maybe Cas will be able to catch her if she does.
Dean turns into the parking lot and pulls into an empty spot near the back, away from most of the other cars. Eileen fell asleep against the window about halfway through the drive, and Dean sees Sam gently shake her awake out of the corner of his eye.
Dean stuffs the last few bites of breakfast into his mouth, puffing his cheeks out like a chipmunk, earning him a groan from Sam, a chuckle from Jack and Eileen, and a fond eyeroll and smile combination from Cas—exactly the reactions he was hoping for. He gets up from the table and deposits his plate and silverware in the sink. Normally, Dean hates leaving dirty dishes, but he figures today can be an exception to his, as Sam likes to call it, over the top neat freak psycho dirty dish dictatorship. He stops by his room on the way to the bathroom, grabbing a towel and some clean clothes.
in the neatest handwriting he can manage. Next, he pulls out the envelope Phil had given him to store his printed photographs in safely, and he slides the photos onto the desk. He’s still got Jimmy’s wallet in his other jeans pocket, so he fetches the photos from inside and adds them to his collection.
“Jimmy’s wallet,” he clarifies. He holds it up for good measure. Cas sticks out a hand, and Dean obliges him.
Dean can smell something burnt before they even reach the kitchen, and the room is a little smoky when they do. Jeez, maybe it
After that, it’s time for all the pictures from Jack’s birthday. Jody and Donna had taken way more than Dean had expected—saving them to his camera roll from the messages app took, like, at least ten minutes. The collection includes: a group photo with all their bears where everyone still had a nice smile on their face; a handful of group photos where they’d all descended into chaos; a candid of Claire and Jack dressing their bears side-by-side; Claire and Eileen smiling nicely for the camera; a candid of Claire and Dean at the fluffing station, taken from behind; Claire, Jack, and Cas squeezing in close in front of the cake; Jack, his mouth full of pop rocks and his eyes wide in apprehension, and Claire, laughing obnoxiously at him; Claire and Jack upside down on the monkey bars, making silly monkey faces; and a blurry selfie of the whole group that Sam had taken with his freakishly long arms. Dean fills up the next couple of pages and leaves the rest for Claire.
Trunk packed and picnic bench void of any sign they were ever there, Dean’s just about ready to get on the road. He sees Jody and Donna perch on either side of a seesaw and Eileen use the force of her whole body to push Sam on a swing, and he figures it wouldn’t hurt to play around until the sun sets. Dean slings an arm around Cas’ shoulder and goes to discover whether or not they can go down the twisty tube slide without getting stuck. (They can’t. Cas is in there for ten minutes before Claire and Jack are able to tug him by his feet the rest of the way down. He spends the whole time cursing at Dean in a hundred different languages, and Dean gets a belly cramp from laughing so hard. God. He’s going to spend the rest of his life with that guy, and he’s never looked forward to anything as much as he looks forward to this.)
“No! No, I’m not saying that at all,” he says in a rush. “What I’m saying is, that you... that when you…,” he forces himself to get the words out, “You don’t have much experience with feelings. You let them get in the way of your better judgement and that’s dangerous.”
It takes Dean by surprise. He thought he’d done a pretty good job at being a jovial neighbor. Not giving the impression of having trust issues in general. Which he obviously has. Not that that’s surprising in his line of work.
“Time to learn new things, then,” Bucky says and the determined look on his face is the same the tackles a new weapon with.
“I work in a bar, comes with the territory,” Dean replies a little harsher than maybe necessary. “Sorry,” he amends, “you’re helping me. Shouldn’t get snarky.” He lets his eyes drift close, concentrating on just breathing slowly. “Cinnamon,” he says suddenly. “You smell like office and like – cinnamon.”
Dean doesn’t even notice how hard he’s shaking until the paper slips from his fingers. Fuck. He takes a few deep breaths to try to calm down. It doesn’t help. He contemplates getting a glass of water but he’s got a feeling that it would end shattered on the floor. Finally, he sinks down on the floor to wait it out until the adrenaline surge calms down. Fuck.
“Morning to you, too,” Dean frowns and goes closer to the stove instead of sitting down. “Are you sure you haven’t been replaced by an alien overnight? I mean, usually you burn water, and these look good.”
“Not the actual FBI, their FBI,” she points to the neighboring house. “And even Hill thought that pretty impressive.”
Charlie would frown at him for it. She wouldn’t call him outright stupid, not the same way some of his other friends would. She knows after all. Has cornered him after that night when Cas said goodbye and dragged the whole story out of him. Including an explanation of their dynamics.
“No, Dean,” Cas shakes his head. “I’m too close to this. I couldn’t offer you any professional support even if I wanted to. Which doesn’t mean that I won’t be here for you because I will,” he hurries to assure.
“Hey, guys!” She finishes her text message and lets the phone slide back into her pocket before getting up and looking them over. “You look like you’re both still in one piece, that’s a good start.”
“Weren’t we all?” Hannah replies with a chuckle. “I kind of always thought you’d go on to have a big career. You were a natural at getting people to do things better than they would on their own. It screamed CEO to me.”
“I – I’m not sure on what terms we parted,” Dean says. “Her lover and their pup died, last time I saw them. It wasn’t our fault,” he hurries to assure, “Not directly anyway. But she wasn’t exactly happy about it.”
And okay, this is decidedly getting too much for Dean. “Does anyone else need a beer?” He asks roughly and pushes his way past everyone else. When the dog follows him, he adds, “It’s water for you, Simpson. I don’t care if you’ve got a fake ID saying you’re 21.”
“Well,” Dean shrugs. “I guess the other person gets a choice, too, so you’d have to be lucky to find someone who’s up for that.”
,” Dean says with emphasis, though he can’t keep his smile from softening his eyes. “Okay. Have fun on your date. Don’t do anything I wouldn’t do. Or that I would do for that matter.”
Cas had been freaky good at that. Knowing when Dean was too far inside his own head to make the right calls.
“You are. Everyone who knows is. And I tell you right now, it’s not necessary. I have lived fine without a soulmate so far, I’ll live fine without one for the rest of my life.”
Still, his goodbye to Dean is somewhat flippant, while Cas draws him into another bone-crushing hug. There is solace in the physical touch, just like there has been solace in all of their touches today. Dean kind of wants to kiss Cas, too, but Gabe is watching, so he refrains. Maybe they’ll have another chance later. Just in case.
“Wow.” Gabriel stops in his tracks. “Have I heard that right? Dean Winchester is grateful? Gee, I never thought I’d see the day.” Then his face turns serious again. “Take care, Dean-o. Of yourself and of my little brother.”
“Uhh,” Dean flounders at the unexpected sentimentality. “Is now the right moment to tell you that Claire’s father will be joining us today?”
He risks another look over at Cas, who is still staring. Like he’s cataloguing each and every of their neighbor’s movements. Maybe he is. Dean kind of hopes he is.
The next morning—well, afternoon, really—Dean and Cas officially finish moving Cas into Dean’s bedroom. The place is more cluttered than Dean would normally like, but he’d feel bad asking Cas to weed out some of the collectibles he loves so much. Not to mention the plants—Dean had brought up the idea of getting rid of some of the worse-for-wear ones
Jack passes out plates while Dean carries the pan over to the table—hands bare, which he regrets about ten seconds in. He drops the pan onto the tabletop, sucking the side of one finger and shaking the burn out of the ones on his other hand. He’ll have to run them under some cold water later. For now—man’s gotta eat.
There’s a bored looking teenager at the register, and Dean pays in cash again. The sun is starting to set when he makes it back to Baby, and he decides to pick up pizza on his way home. He texts Cas an ETA while he’s waiting, and when he pulls into the garage twenty minutes later, Jack is waiting patiently for him, sat atop the hood of one of the other vintage cars.
Dean’s not sure how the kid found out about Build-A-Bear. He and Cas have been limiting Jack’s internet access ever since the unfortunate Twitch streaming incident, and it’s not like Dad ever took Dean or Sam to one of those places. Maybe Claire’s to blame. She’s always conspiring against Dean and Cas, manipulating Jack into asking questions neither of them knows how to answer, like why are babies made and did Dean choose his dad the way Jack chose Cas?
Sam scoffs and rolls his eyes so hard his upper body goes along for the ride. “Don’t even try to pretend you didn’t sneak into three separate theatres to see it when it came out.”
Dean abruptly becomes aware of a lump in his throat and a prickle behind his eyes. He looks away, only to catch Sam and Eileen making stupid faces at each other and Claire side-eyeing him like he’s gone completely off the deep end.
Dean pulls out of the parking lot and onto the main road, driving straight for a few intersections before turning left. At a red light, his phone buzzes with a text from Donna, letting him know that there were no problems picking the cake up from the bakery. Dean smiles.
certainly gets Dean’s attention. When he looks at Claire, she’s got a wide-eyed pseudo-innocent expression on her face that Dean doesn’t trust for a
Jack gives him one last squeeze, and then he pulls back. He shuffles down the hallway, looking like he might as well be already asleep and merely sleepwalking the rest of the way to his bed.
“You put them in your mouth,” Eileen explains, “and then they explode.” She mimes explosions with her hands. Jack looks a little freaked out at that.
Cas approaches him a moment after, holding his sea turtle gently against his stomach. He looks—perturbed.
“Okay,” Dean says, nodding to himself. He sticks a hand in an oven mitt and throws the charred cinnamon rolls in the garbage, pan and all, and then he pulls out his phone to do some googling. He searches for a cinnamon roll recipe that’ll get the kid fed in under an hour, and it takes some scrolling, but he manages to find one that seems doable—they’ll have to simplify it, but they’ve got the basic ingredients, at least.
“That one,” Jack says, and Dean hands him a brown paper giftbag, Jack’s name drawn in cool bubble letters on one side.
Dean smiles and leans against the counter, watching Jack combine the powdered sugar, vanilla, and milk—already far more confident in his movements than before. Dean swipes a finger through the icing for a taste-test. “More vanilla.” Jack pours a few more drops, and Dean tastes it again. “Perfect.”
“Everything okay?” Jody asks, and when Dean turns to face her, she’s staring at him like he’s grown a second head. Hell, he can’t blame her. They’re in a friggin’ Build-A-Bear—no one should be crying right now.
Dean’s never going to get sick of Han Solo, but Claire sure as shit doesn’t need to know that. He watches as her mischievous grin falters minutely. Jack returns before either of them can say anything else.
about it. He remembers planning surprises for Sammy when they were little—saving up quarters and sneaking off to the arcade the year he turned seven, or slipping a book Dean had seen Sammy admiring into his jacket before sprinting out of the store the year he turned twelve. There was only so much Dean could give him back then, hindered by lack of finances and transportation and a father who paid attention. Now, though, Dean’s got a wallet full of cash, a tank full of gas, and the freedom to give his kid the kind of birthday he deserves.
For a while there, Dean is worried that she’ll use what information she has about them to actually make them end up married with a license from Vegas or something but when he outright asks her about it, she doesn’t react the way he thinks she will. She doesn’t take it as a joke and laughs it off, either. Instead, she looks at him with compassion and shakes her head.
“You were looking for me?” Cas tries to find his way back from his uneasy dreams about cold mountains and feverish snowfalls and into this conversation.
“Could you try to be any more annoying?” Dean mutters, but it’s obviously not quiet enough because Sam turns back around to him and his bitchface has intensified a hundredfold.
Cas looks around the lot curiously. It’s ten levels shabbier than even Dean’s apartment over the bar, and the house is not much better.
“Well, it isn’t exactly hidden. But if I was you, I’d have turned off anon comments like ten minutes ago.”
“I got bored. In case you haven’t noticed, I’m the only one who’s not got anyone to make heart-eyes at.”
Cas huffs, so he’s still miffed about the bees. Dean groans, but at the same time, he doesn’t like Cas being upset with him. Never likes it, not even with small stuff like this. He feels guilty enough about everything he did to his friend over the years, doesn’t need to add to it.
"Huh. Don't you want to do something you like doing? I mean, a job doesn't have to give you fulfillment or whatever, but you spend a lot of time with it."
“You want to know what else my muscle memory tells me?” Bucky asks, eyes cast down to where their fingers are interwoven on the comforter.
“No,” Dean quickly holds on. “It wasn’t a bad shiver. It’s just that -” it’s the first deliberate touch in months. The first time neither of them is crying and the touch is more than comfort. In fact, it sends tingles up his whole arm. Dean swallows hard because with the tingles the butterflies in his stomach make another appearance. And really, he’s known Cas for so long and they’ve been through so much, how can there still be butterflies like on the first day? “I’ve missed you,” he admits quietly.
“I wasn’t sure it was going to work. We don’t know each other well enough for me to know exactly where to prod. And if you had kept your walls up, I wouldn’t have kept poking. But Dean, you responded so beautifully. You are amazing.”
“He probably just went out to the grill,” Steve answers pleasantly and Dean kind of wants to punch him through the wall. But then they’d never get their security deposit back.
“You don’t have to do this. I can tell Gabriel it’s not a good day. You have time to decide. Just, Dean, please. Don’t make me lose you.” Cas’ voice sounds so small, so fearful, so unlike Cas and it’s all Dean can do to hold onto the chair and not wrap himself around his friend. To hold him close and keep him safe until his voice sounds normal again. Only, Dean can’t keep him safe. Dean can’t even keep himself safe.
“You can ask Sam about the details when he comes by. If someone can figure it out, it’s him. You know, he is the genius in the family.” And yeah, maybe Dean is a bit miffed that his own efforts in the library have come to naught, but Sam has noticed that they were being hacked, while Dean was otherwise occupied.
Cas doesn’t answer anything to it. It’s a risk, taking a mate. If the stories are true, then for the Alpha even more so than for the Omega. It’s the Alphas who go half-mad with grief when their mate dies.
“Bobby was – he was a member of this pack once. A long time ago. When our dad was still Alpha.” There’s pain in Dean’s voice, like even thinking about those times hurts.
when Steve’s weight crashes into him but he doesn’t pull away, wrapping his arms around Steve’s neck instead, and that’s enough invitation for Steve to seal their lips together.
Which is how they end up with slightly burned burgers. It’s not too bad, the burgers still taste fine, but they are not perfect and Dean can’t help his scowl, even when Steve praises his burgers and asks for the recipe.
“Uhm…,” Dean says as he tries not to think about the long lines of Bucky’s body and the way his lips stretched around -, “Maybe they’re travelling in pairs. Maybe it’s the other one that’s targeting me,” he says grudgingly.
It’s pretty high up in the list of ground rules, so Dean has no idea how on Earth Cas could forget that. “So, the first nice looking guy that comes along and you just give him your number?” And that sounded more professional and less like a jealous boyfriend in his head.
“Nope,” Charlie shakes her head. “Said it’s your story. But really, Dean, you tend to be a pretty sensible guy
“It’s okay, Steve. It’s okay,” Bucky says but his smile is too soft and he lets his bangs fall over his eyes to hide his expression behind them.
But not clear enough for Cas to trust the words, judging by how he’s searching Dean’s face for a lie. “You mean that?”
“I’m not -,” Cas breaks off and blinks again, obviously thinking about how to take what he’s just heard.
Dean looks at the sleeping neighborhood doubtfully. “You sure about this, man? Cause I’m already feeling better.”
Now Bobby knows Dean well enough to know that he usually doesn’t even take all of his vacation days, so hopefully he’ll understand that Dean is not just skipping out on all of his duties.
Also, he hadn’t actually come here because he was running. Well, not quite true. But not quite a lie, either. He had been running. From his life that had gone horribly wrong. From Dean who… But he’d tried to run to a place where he could take a stand. Where he could turn around and look at his mistakes and...
For a long moment it's quiet as Dean thinks about it. Then he nods.“I think I understand,” he says softly. “Safety to you is predictability of an outcome you can bear, whether it is painful or not. Which brings me right back to my original point of course.”
He takes a deep breath. “Yes. Yes, call her. I want to go through with this.” Then he turns to Charlie. “And California is fine.” At least there’s beach and it’s warm if he in fact ends up living on the street.
“True,” Charlie nods and easily makes it through a split-road section while Luigi is still being hefted back up onto the road by unseen forces. “But there’s also such a thing as practice.”
“No, wait.” Dean holds him back. “I don’t want to endanger any of you. We don’t know what’s waiting for us. Not to even speak of the fact that you could get fired.”
And that leaves both of them speechless. Cas’ mouth opens and closes a few times without any words coming out. Finally, he says, “I’ve never thought about it that way.” He looks back up at Dean. “I’ve never…” He breaks off.
“Three months ago. At the same time that I heard about Claire having run from her grandmother’s. I tried contacting her, but the old lady wouldn’t talk to me. It took me a few tries to find someone who would give me any information at all.”
Dean’s eyes are bugging out of his head and he’s reasonably sure that Charlie would be shaking him by now if they were in the same room.
He opens doors along his way. Bathroom, study, Cas’ bedroom - there’s no one in either of them. Dean isn’t sure whether he’s relieved because at least there’s no bloody body on Cas’ bed or whether it makes him more panicked because where the fuck is Cas?
A week onwards, the weather warms up a little, though that doesn’t make anything better. Instead of walking through snow, they are trudging through slush now. It’s less dangerous for the horses but it’s exhausting for the humans. Not to mention gross.
The jealousy at how open their neighbors are with their touches is instant. But it’s not like Dean isn’t allowed to touch Cas, is it? They’re
“Do you really not know, Dean? Or do you not want to know?” Cas asks quietly. “Because I can go on pretending if that’s what you want.”
Well, nothing Dean can do about that. All he can do is forge ahead and get over with telling Cas the whole extent of the mess he’s in. “Okay, so. It’s not news to you that an Unsealing is not a thing people do. Sam said there are probably a handful of cases and they are handled all hush-hush. The only one he was certain about was one that blew up in the press a few years ago. Crowley vs. Abaddon. Apparently, it had all the drama. It also set down the judicial rules for an Unsealing. Cause, you know, all the politicians still think you’re supposed to stick with your soulmate and like it… God’s will and all that happy shit.” Dean shudders, well aware that he is partially speaking about himself at this point.
“What? NO!” He half-shouts it and then promptly frantically checks whether his brother heard him before he remembers, oh yeah, Sam’s out with the dog. He coughs embarrassedly but Cas’ expression is still caught somewhere between fear and hope and the fear is awful to look at and Dean has to do something to make that look go away. He takes a deep breath and mans up. “The only way in which I don’t want us to be
“I know. I know that now. And it is - it is good to talk to someone who knows. Who was there when - things happened. I have trouble still, talking about this with - with people who deserve to know. Even when I want them to know all of me, it’s - difficult.”
“Yeah, I get that,” Dean nods. People had reacted to his dad the same way. Averting their eyes and politely moving on. Dean kind of thinks that if someone had looked closer they might have seen the two suffering children behind John’s imposing figure. “My dad he - never talked about it.”
Oh. Oh. “Well, then what are you waiting for?” And that came out gruffer than he intended. But he’s wanted Cas home ever since he flew away the first time.
Balthazar tilts his head, staring at him like he’s puzzling him out beyond the top layer of words. “Does he know?”
But shortly after that his phone buzzes again so he sighs and tries to determine where he put his phone before going to bed. Maybe the texts are important. They better be.
And uhh, that was probably a little more than he’d wanted to say but Bucky ducks his head to hide his soft smile, and tightens his hold on Steve’s hand, so Steve thinks he did okay with what he said after all.
The touch is gone so fast, that it doesn’t even have time to register, but it is enough to leave Dean dazed. What the fuck did just happen?
“My cafe,” Gabriel’s voice provides from next to the car door. “I need to work and I think we all need some sugar right now.”
“Uhh, sorry,” he apologizes to no one in particular and takes the phone out to look at the caller ID.
“An astute observation,” Cas agrees though Dean isn’t sure he’s as unaffected as he makes out to be.
Missouri smiles. “A transient place. Maybe that’s what you need right now. But if you want to know my opinion, that’s not what you came for. You came because you’re looking for the core that you’ve lost. And you’ve lost it here. You’ve lost it when you lost him,” she nods in the direction of the photo. “Which is why I ask you to stay. I have told you this before. I always have a room for you.“
His Dad’s words ring hollow in his ears. It’s been a long time since Dean was a kid confessing to a teacher that he’d fainted because he’s given the last few granola bars to Sam, but he can’t stop the feeling of guilt. He’s trying to do this by the books, and that means involving the Guardians. But yeah, he knows his Dad would have gone a different route.
Next, Dean brings up the message thread with his brother. This one is easier and harder. Easier, because Dean’s got a lot of experience lying to his brother. Harder, because Sam’s always been there, almost as long as Dean can remember. And Dean’s always protected him, but he’s never before had to take himself out of the equation to protect Sam.
It’s not even the missions. It’s the constant prodding and probing. Stark wanting to get his hands on the workings of Bucky’s arm. Banner wanting to talk anger management. Nat and Clint – well, they are Nat and Clint. They’re not too bad. Actually, Nat’s probably Bucky’s only friend apart from Steve. He should have seen that coming. Their history is not the same, but they share a Russian past. And if he’s got to share Bucky with someone, Steve’s glad it is Natasha. Ever since the whole deal at the Triskelion, he trusts Natasha more than about anyone else. Apart from Bucky himself, that is.
Behold, a minor miracle has happened! Not only is the hiatus over and we have a new chapter for you, no we have indeed
Which of course means it isn’t there. Because this is Dean and his luck always abandons him when he needs it the most.
“Whoa,” Gabe holds his hands up disarmingly. “Cafe owner and all, flirting with the guests is for tips only. No need to feel threatened.”
Instantly, she becomes serious again. “It is my private truth only. It will not help him.” She nods in Dean’s direction, who is going over tomorrow’s route with Benny and Jo.
Dean huffs a mirthless laugh. “You are of course aware that if you hadn’t insisted on driving I’d already be halfway out of town, right?”
Cas gives her a smile, half because he’s happy about her understanding, half because he’s actually a little bit proud of himself for doing this. “It’s been years. I think it’s time. I want to finally be able to face this.”
Dean glowers, gaze on the ground in front of them. He is leading his stallion by the reins, walking in front of the animal to make sure the ground is safe, no treacherous ice hidden under the fresh sheet of snow.
“Like they are, you know?” Dean says and nods in the direction of their neighbors’ house. “Out and open. Allowed to, you know, touch whenever you want to. And stuff.” God, he’s bad at this.
“I gather out of the same reason that you don’t live with your grandma anymore. We have to be who we are.”
“Granny,” he sobs. “He’s dead, Granny. He trusted me and he’s dead. I can’t - please make it not happen again.”
“Right,” Dean answers. “You said that yesterday. Don’t think your faithful brethren agree with you much on that, though. Sam looked it up, there’s a lot of religious initiatives petitioning to make breaking a seal punishable by law again.”
“So I was on the run with this book, and I knew the guys I had stolen it from wouldn’t stop coming after me. So I asked Stark for a favor, and what shall I say, it’s kind of hard to stage a good death while these two idiots are trying to save me,” she scowls.
“Heh,” Dean grins. “You should come next time. We make a competition out of trash talking each other, you’d be such a loser at that.”
In the original spirit of the story, we want to say goodbye with a joke that has not made it into the final cut, but was too funny not to share.
Dean closes his eyes for a second before turning to Ellen and telling her bluntly, “Cause Sam only has to tell her about his brother’s sordid past. For me, it’s, well,
"I wanna make it clear that you're under no obligation whatsoever to talk to him. You live here. We've got things with CPS figured out. Even if he tries - and honestly I don't think he will -  we can fight him if he tries any bullshit."
“Do you really think our neighbors have something to do with the disappearances?” Cas finally asks and for the first time he sounds as if he’s actually considering the option.
“What about Ellen then? Jo? Bobby? Kevin? Charlie? You? Anyone I ever got close to, Cas!” His voice betrays him and breaks. Dean turns away because he can’t look at Cas. Cas who still looks so tired. Who has broken wings and a grace that is dimming. And who still looks at Dean like Dean’s worth something. When he should see that all Dean ever did for him was breaking him bit by bit.
Sam starts fishing around in his pocket, and Dean isn’t sure what he expects. Some legal papers that relate to his situation maybe. What he gets, though… What he gets is so much worse.
That makes Sam’s face soften, though of course he wouldn’t be a Winchester if he expressed his compassion. “You could take up knitting. Pretty sure Cas has a few skeins lying around.”
Doesn’t mean he can’t hook his ankle around the leg of the third chair and draw it closer to his own. “Come on, Cas, sit.”
“Oh, fuck the universe!” Charlie erupts. And when they stare at her, “Seriously, I’ve seen the way you two look at each other! And this,” she gestures towards where their hands are still on top of each other, “the constant touching and the - the everything! So, I say, fuck the universe! Who cares that your marks don’t match? You obviously love each other, so the universe can bite my ass. I’m not gonna counsel Dean to go back to his asshole soulmate, I’m gonna counsel you to be the couple you want to be!”
an opinion and Dean doesn’t need him interfering on his behalf anyway. Not that Cas has any right to that, either, seeing how he is the one who caused all the trouble in the first place.
“Stark’s got a policy about animals in the Avengers’ Tower,” Nat says. “Something about innocent beings getting caught in the crossfire. So consider yourself warned.”
And then Dean has 170 pounds of solid human hanging from his neck, enveloping him in a hug. It takes a moment for his brain to register and then for his arms to unknot themselves and then - he shouldn’t. He should push him away. But instead, Dean’s arms come up around Cas’ back, holding him close.
“Well, in theory!” Dean exclaims but his heart-rate is calming down already. He shakes his head. “Sorry. I’m a bit more paranoid than normal these days. Welcome home, Cas.”
Bucky’s lips are softer than Steve imagined, less chapped. He tastes of beer and of burger but also just like Bucky. And he kisses with the abandon of a man who’s dying, his hand coming up around Steve’s neck, holding him in place, his movements fast and hard.
They fight their way forward step by step. Fortunately, the movement seems to clear Dean’s head a little. He’s reasonably sure that he’s got at least a mild concussion and that something is off with his ribs because breathing still hurts. But it doesn’t feel like he’s drowning and his breath isn’t rasping, so in all likelihood, even if it’s worse than a bruise, his lungs didn’t get pierced and that’s good enough for him. He decides not to dwell on the fact that he knows the difference by feel.
Sam keeps researching their neighbors. He mumbles about this “new lead being great”. Dean’s got no idea what is so great about this new lead, seeing that basically what Sam is doing is googling
“Dean,” Cas holds him back with a hand on his arm. “I’m not sure it’s a good idea for you to be alone tonight.”
“What? No,” Dean shakes himself out of his thoughts. “We’re good. The crust is pretty much done. It needs to be put in the form and then in the oven so that it can already bake.”
A quick note: If you read the previously posted chapter in the first around 2 hours after it got posted, you got an older version of the chapter. It doesn't change much but you might want to reread or at least check out the section where Cas and Hannah talk about the set of colored pencils she's given him for his 12th birthday. ;)
‘Not now. Wrong timing. Calm down, tiger,’ he admonishes himself. Out loud he says, “Yep. That’s how it’s like today.”
“Neither of us is here in official capacity today. Obviously,” Charlie answers irritatedly. “And only I am Dean’s Guardian. And I’m not leaving his side. Nor will I let him die on my watch.”
“Well,” Gabe chimes in. “From a practical perspective, I have to say, the less people we tell the easier this is going to be to control. I’ll place my cafe at your disposal for the funeral party, but I’d rather not get arrested for this shit.”
It’s woefully little, one overnight bag, only half filled. That’s all his life comes down to. Or it isn’t, not really, because there’s stuff that he never thought he’d ever leave behind. Only it’s in his apartment and that’s a place where he can’t go.
“Yes, Dean. I know we’re grown up and all, and not as close anymore as we were. But I - I really want you to be an active part of my life. So, would you do us the honor?”
There’s something that changed at least. There are more photos than he remembers. Not as many more as he expected, but a few.
A day ago, Steve would have said that it’s not cool of him to ogle his best friend. But that was before Bucky kissed him, throwing Steve for a loop.
And that, that is not something Dean has considered. That the outcome of what they’re doing could be more than avoiding broken bones and a life shackled to the one who’s breaking them. That the outcome of this could actually be something good. The start of something new. A life that he actually - enjoys. How weird is that?
“Okay. Just let me know if you change your mind,” Gabriel nods. He sends a worried glance back at Dean where Amara can’t see.
“Dean, come on,” Sam finally relents. “You know as well as I do that you’re needed here. They need their Alpha. I’m expendable. I’m the one you send on missions like this.”
And if Dean reacts to that, they’re going to be in heavy talk territory and he’s not up for that right now. “Whatever.”
Dean laughs out loud as the whole egg finds its way into the bowl with the egg whites. At least Cas is holding on to the shell. “Okay, okay, big guy. No need to smite the eggs. Wait, let me do this.”
The welcome, when they finally make their way inside with the rest of the food is as rowdy as always. Dean barely has time to put down the food on the table before Jo jumps him. Like literally jumps on him. They almost topple over into the food, a fate averted at the last moment by Sam pushing them out of the way, meaning of course that now they fall over in the other direction. Dean gets a hand under Jo’s head at least, but they land in a loud crash accompanied by a few shouts from the bystanders.
“It is nice to see you again,” Cas says from behind him and steps forward. Dean has no idea why he’d felt the need to shoulder his way between Cas and their neighbors anyway. Even fallen Cas can take care of himself. And so far, their neighbors haven’t tried to attack them. Though that Steve guy keeps looking at Cas. Dean doesn’t like that. At all.
“I understand. As I said, I was furious with her, too. And when I first went to her, it was only because I thought she might know where you had disappeared to. Only, when I was there… She was so alone. Michael is the only one who occasionally visits. And you know how he is.”
“It is the truth, though,” Dean continues with a sigh. “I do not know how they will react to us as a pack. Or to
“Alright,” Castiel nods. “Here, hold this right here, and I’ll help.” He guides Dean’s hand to the handkerchief. It’s already damp where he’s been pressing it on the wound.
“I’m sorry,” Dean immediately apologizes. “I didn’t want to… Shit, man, I don’t know what I was thinking.” He is walking backwards, too, bringing more space between them because shit, he didn’t want to have memories of yelling, but he doesn’t want any memories of hurting Cas, either. “That was selfish of me. I’m so sorry.” He stumbles over his words, knows he’s rambling, but Cas is still just staring. “I just - I just wanted - just to know how it feels - just this one time. Just to have something to hold onto - but you don’t do this kind of stuff. And I knew that. I shouldn’t have. Shit, Cas, I’m so sorry.”
Dean’s already pretty convinced that the king of hell couldn’t devise a more exquisite torture than this and that is before Sam stops in the midst of his stream of consciousness and says, “Shit. I forgot to ask you the most important part. Dean, Jess and I thought - would you like to be the kid’s Godfather? I mean, you’re going to be the favorite Uncle anyway and - I would really love for you to be the Godfather and be as involved as you can in raising this kid.”
“Never asked,” Dean says. “Too scared, I guess. I mean I was pretty sure I knew the answer. That he liked me and liked what I could do for him and that he was biding his time until the One came along. And it’s not like - I had made my peace with that. Just thought I’d try to keep him for as long as I could. That’s why I didn’t give up after we broke up. Wasn’t exactly like I had anything to lose. And you know…”
So excuse him if he sees it as a good sign that Cas is A, still available and B, doesn’t ignore him completely anymore. That if nothing else, at least when they’re roughhousing Cas is not going out of his way to make sure he’s not interacting with Dean.
He brings his hands up in front of his body automatically. He’s got no weapons to defend himself with but his arms move well enough, he can land a few blows before he gets overwhelmed, he’s sure. “You’re too late,” he shouts. Or tries to shout, rather, because it still sounds mostly like wheezing. “I’ve got nothing. The others took everything already.” Or so he thinks. Unless he’s actually just forgotten his cell phone.
Steve huffs quietly. Bucky had folded in the next round and come over to smoke a cigarette next to Steve. Doesn’t prove anything, but it doesn’t disprove Bucky’s statement, either.
Without hesitation, Dean takes the blue sheets. It’s a pretty color, alright? No need to dig deeper into his own motives. “Want to try with the blankets again?” he asks.
Dean presses his palms over his eyes, tries to chase away the feeling of being trapped. Of being - violated. The thought makes the nausea worse, so Dean opens his mouth to breathe through it. But instead words tumble out. “She kissed me. I let her kiss me. I didn’t want to. But I couldn’t - I couldn’t move away.”
“Cas, man, you okay? Is this about the bunker and…” Suddenly, the picture of him looming over a beaten down, bloodied angel is more vivid than it had been in weeks.
There’s a heaviness about Cas’ words that makes Dean look up at him. It seems like the dark bags under Cas’ eyes have managed to multiply in the short span of the last two minutes. “Same. I mean, I want you to be happy, too, Cas. If there’s anything I can do to help with that, you let me know, right?”
Dean doesn't believe in coincidences. Meeting Steve and James here can't be one. Though this is the only big shopping mall near their street. So it might be one. But then, Steve and James being here at the exact same time? Smells fishy to him.
“You could say congrats?” Sam proposes. “Or you know, see this as a tiny ray of light in the middle of this whole clusterfuck of a situation? You know, be happy for me and all that?”
Cas thinks about that for less than a second before he grins, “Two of the kittens stayed, you know…”
Half a minute later, an upset angel joins Sam in the kitchen. “I don’t think this is a very good idea, Sam. Dean does not want to do this.”
“Dean.” Cas lays a hand on his shoulder, effectively shutting Dean up. “You’ve always been there for me and I appreciate it. It has nothing to do with not trusting you why I didn’t tell you.”
They eat in silence for the first bit, well, in silence apart from what Dean knew was coming. What he didn’t know was how Cas’ moans around his food would play together with his
Half an hour later, both Bucky and Steve are freshly showered, though Bucky’s hair is still dripping wet and leaves a trail of water where he moves through the kitchen to get the eggs and some milk for the pancakes. Steve fights with the coffee maker in the meantime, and Natasha observes it all with an amused grin.
“Hey,” Dean says. This time, when he pushes into Cas’ space it’s not to tower over him. This time, he nudges his shoulder with his own, “I had you to save me, didn’t I? So it’s all good.”
Cas shakes his head to clear it. Someone must have seen him climb in, right? At the very least, someone was leading the horses that pull the wagon. A thought which makes him notice, “We’re not moving anymore.”
“Monsieur, if you’d please.” He does a silly little half bow that’s not made any better by the bright neon scarf that Charlie knit him, he’s sure.
Dean’s not quite sure why a proper guy like Castiel would need a doctor to help him out ‘many times’, but if he’s honest, he’s really kind of leery of doing the stitches himself. Cause this is his face. So if he fucks that up, it’s going to be a reminder to carry around for the rest of his life. And he’s not keen on that. So he gives in. “He’s really going to do this for you, this Dr. Shurley?”
But that’s not the way things turned out. Kissing Cas now would only make everything worse, no matter how much Dean wants to have that one memory to hold onto in a bleak future.
"My dad is a baby queer?" Claire laughs somewhat hysterically. "And here I thought the night couldn't get any weirder."
It’s Cas’ turn to snort. “I’ll do my best to dissuade him. But I was being serious, Dean. My brother is not a bad person. Underneath everything. He might be able to help. And if it’s just that when he knows
“Alive but unavailable. At that point, anyway. He died a few years ago.” Before the trial, thank God. Dean doesn’t even want to know what names his father would have called him after that.
Sam throws an uncertain glance at her before looking at Dean. Dean shrugs. He’s known his Guardian for all of a day. He’s got no idea how she’ll react to the - less savory side of the Winchester brothers.
It’s the noises that make Dean look away from Cas eventually. There’s kissing. Of the hungry wolf kind.
She gives him a smile that is as sweet as it is dangerous. “Import/Export, I told you that.” Then, with a quick move, she captures his hand in an iron grasp and turns it to look at his wrist. “So you’re the one.”
Steve can’t keep from smiling. Bucky had always been grumpy when he got woken up in the middle of the night.
Dean shudders at the memory. Even with the overwhelming feeling of their bond forming, the words had registered. It had taken a little longer for the warning bells to turn into screeching sirens, but those first sentences really said it all.
They play in silence for a bit, Dean trying to get the hang of the game while Charlie easily passes him twice.
“If she says No, you’re not showing up against her will. And you’re not dragging her out of the house to come with you. You get reacquainted, see whether you click. And if she likes you, then you meet again. And again. And then eventually you can ask her about moving back with you. Without pressuring her. And if she says No, we’re back to you’re not gonna do nothing without her consent.”
“I’m not sure I agree with you, Cas,” Dean answers with a thoughtful shake of his head. “I’d feel better when we travel through cities, having you on a horse next to me or on my horse behind me. Less chance of anyone messing with us.”
“What’s the point then, Dean?” Cas answers and suddenly his voice, even though still quiet is dangerous.
An hour later they’re sitting on their porch, conveniently located so that they can see the comings and goings on the other side of the fence.
Cas is still waiting, still observing, though his hands are clenching at his sides, moving forward in little aborted motions, like he is fighting against invisible shackles. Or holding himself back from touching with forceful restraint.
It’s clear who she means without her having to explain it. His mother. “Oh God, no,” Cas shakes his head fervently. “We have no contact.”
She shrugs. “It was and it wasn’t. My parents aren’t bad people and they’re good teachers and stuff. But parents tend to win all fights. And they never have the same interests you have.”
?” he splutters. Living in suburbia is becoming a serious health risk, seeing how often he’s choked on his own spit lately.
“Our neighbor is - Captain America?” Dean laughs somewhat hysterically because this is weird even by Winchester standards.
So Cas does. He places his muddy boot in Dean’s palms and grabs at whatever part of the saddle he can reach.
He finds it safer not to answer, unsure that it wouldn’t be an embarrassing squeak that makes its way out of his mouth, and instead focuses on calming his breathing. Not that it works. Because Cas observes him curiously and that does nothing for Dean’s composure, either.
“Well,” Charlie says, “no. We’ve made up someone a little more wholesome for your background story. Meet Angelina.” She searches for a file among Dean’s documents and hands it to him. “She got killed after you met but before your soulmate bond was fulfilled. Real tragic.”
“I’ll be there. Just wait for me.” Dean hangs up and packs his phone away. But then he gets the phone back out of his pocket and types one last message before he hits the road.
“Uhh.” It’s not the first time that this has happened, that Steve doesn’t know something that should be common knowledge, but this time it feels more dangerous than normally. “So how does Dean get along with Simpson? He didn’t seem all that enthusiastic about a dog,” Steve deflects.
He reads the letter again. Allowing himself to feel the pull in his stomach this time. Allows himself get caught up in the words and his heart to connect.
But Dean has a hard time answering. Instead, he exhales a shuddering breath while Cas softly strokes his hand, the broken skin already scabbed over. His whole attention is on that part of Dean, broken and torn as it is, and he touches it reverently, gazes at it as if it is something special. Something he holds dear. Suddenly Dean shakes with the effort not to draw his hand out from under Cas’ touch. Whatever Cas is doing here, it’s bordering on too much very quickly. “Don’t be so – nice to me.” It’s not the right word, but it’s the best Dean can do.
“Uhh, Bucky, if you’re up for it, I mean?” Steve asks his partner, and it sounds a bit like an afterthought but it also sounds somewhat worried.
It makes sense, of course, that his feet carry him here, even though now that he is here, he’d like to avoid this for another few days. Even from out here, he can feel the memories creeping up on him. And yes, in the end, that is why he came, to deal with those memories, the ones that he knows are what makes him the wrong person for Dean.
“Hey,” Dean says, “the morning’s not quite over yet, even if breakfast is finished. There’s presents to open still.”
Cas. Which is all very proper and doesn’t go beyond cuddling and the occasional kiss. Admittedly, they really haven’t had as much as half an evening on their own, and Cas thinks that Dean is rather private about these things. Cas himself doesn’t really see the difference, but then, he has the creeping suspicion that he and Dean have different expectations about this particular part of their relationship and what it is supposed to mean. Knowing Dean, he’s going to want to find beauty and connection in it.
“Ah, but the morning has always been just for us,” Sam smiles. “It’s about the past more than the future and that’s okay. We survived a lot. Taking a morning to remember it and to see how far we have come is healthy, I think.”
“Stop!” Cas’ eyes are red-rimmed and his voice breaks but he glares at Dean. “Stop apologizing! None of this is your fault, Dean! Don’t let her do this to you! Don’t let her - No!
, written as neatly as Cas’ sloppy handwriting will ever get. There is something about the word. Dean lets his eyes fly over the words again, tries to figure out what’s nagging at him.
“Umm, we, we gotta start with the crust,” Dean stammers, doing his very best to will away all thoughts of Cas pressed up against him and how easy it would have been to close his arms around him and how close his neck had been and how he could have sunk his teeth into the flesh there, not enough to break skin, just enough to suck a hickey and make sure every random woman in the supermarket knows that Cas is taken and –
Cas tries to push the feather back into Dean’s hand but all Dean does is close his own fingers around Cas’, encircling both him and the amulet.
“It’s not noon yet!” Dean protests and checks the time. 11:23am. Holy shit. “Uhh, okay, I take that back.”
She looks at him expectantly, so he nods dumbly, not sure what to say to this. She gave him his space? He fled, making sure she couldn’t find him, right?
“What’s he gonna do? Have a spray bottle and spray me every time my body decides to move too close to Amara?” Dean snorts derisively.
this one night. I wasn’t sure – you seemed baffled every time a brought up even a hint of the future. I wasn’t sure you wanted more than this night.”
“Cas, you…” Dean would laugh if all of this wasn’t so sad. “Cas, you aren’t. You could never be… They mean nothing! You, you mean – “
and would be sticking around, he’d finally managed to get his head out of his ass and come out to everyone. So even though the whole sticking around thing didn’t work out, Dean’s still happily out and it’s made his life approximately 85% easier. He’d never noticed how much energy that posturing thing zapped before he stopped doing it.
“Well, don’t think you ever made up your mind about whether you liked her or not. She was an officer. Outranked us both. She was a good woman.”
“No idea. Assassin, not spy, remember? I got my info delivered to me.” He tries to say it lightly but he can’t hide the shudder that comes with the words.
Dean has already put her on speaker but the audio actually goes to static for a moment because it can’t handle Charlie’s volume.
Sam’s bright smile has dimmed down some by now and he shoots a worried glance or two at Steve, before shaking his head at his screen again. “I can’t, Eileen,” he says, even while he keeps signing.
“I am in Lawrence… in the…” Dean can hear rustling and a short huff before Cas says, “Angel Heart motel, room 401.”
Dean sighs. "She's gay, Cas. And her grandma told her to either go to church with her and pray the gay away or get out. She chose ‘get out’."
But there’s no stopping Sam when he’s on a roll. “Are you sure it’s not a Siren, though? I mean the last Siren that went after you was male, too.”
“Cause you -,” Dean thinks about it for a moment. “I’ve tried fitting the pieces, but somehow they don’t. The oversized suits suggest that you’re a boring office dude. But then you have this permanent bedhead that I’m not sure you can even tame down, and most offices don’t approve of that. Also, I saw you in a t-shirt today and you’re hiding muscle under all of those layers.” Dean grins appreciatively, though he tries not to make it a leer. This really isn’t about Cas’ physical appearance anyway. “You seem like a very together guy, holding yourself with confidence and a straight back. But then some moments, you’re terribly awkward - I don’t mean that badly but you’re kind of a dork. But then you have this brilliant wit and can banter with the best of them. The pieces of the puzzle don’t fit, man.”
Amara’s. Amara’s definitely is worse. Because while Sam’s message tears at his heart, Amara’s almost stops it. It’s a list. Nothing but a list of names. There is no message to go with it, no direct threats of what she’s going to do, but it’s a list of every single person that is important to Dean.
Dean almost starts laughing, the situation is so absurd. “Is anyone else getting an Ocean’s Eleven vibe here?” he chuckles. “No? Just me? That’s okay.”
Cas looks puzzled like he’s expected something else and has trouble following Dean’s train of thought. “Dean, that’s not an issue. We can share a bed. That’s what couples are supposed to do anyway, isn’t it? And we’ve moved into this house as a couple.”
It’s an order, though it isn’t harsh or even very loud. Cas buries his face in his hands. Too many thoughts. Breathing too shallow.
“Okay, Cas, here’s the thing. We’ve neglected you in the past few weeks. Or, not you, but your training. We’re traveling so much and it gets dark so fast that there is little time for lessons. Well, I’ve found a solution. Here,” she holds the reins out to him. “As of now, you’re learning how to ride.”
“Yeah, Sam, but honestly, having to go live with Amara is a life-threatening consequence as well. I think I’m ready to take my chances.”
And oh God, Dean had managed to successfully block out that he’s going to have to tell his little brother about this whatever he decides. “No!” It comes out more panicked than he wanted. “No,” he repeats softer. “Not yet. Not until I know what I want to do.” Though
A shudder runs down Dean’s spine. Whatever this is, it isn’t good. Still, “Who are you talking about?” he asks, trying to match Cas’ tone but his voice too loud in the room anyway.
Dean scrolls through the other comments that have collected under his by now. They are echoing Becky’s “oh my God” in various shades of geek, though instead of asking angelheart for babies, they are usually wondering the same things Dean is wondering. Like who angelheart is and why he's writing Dean.
“We all try our best to be there for our loved ones, don’t we?” Steve says and it doesn’t come out quite as light and small talk as he intended it to be.
“Yeah, but snipers rely on staying hidden. We’re already out in the open,” Natasha licks her lips and types furiously. Then suddenly she stops and stares at the screen for a moment. She exhales a long breath and looks up. “Cap, this is your op. Permission to take a risk?”
"You can say no," Dean reminds her. "It was his decision to come here after all. He's aware of the consequences."
He can’t say it, not now, not yet, not when Bucky doesn’t know whether Steve’s love is for him or for the person he once was. Not that there is a difference for Steve. He loves Bucky, damages and all.
Immediately, Dean sobers up. “Cas, man, you haven’t found your soulmate yet. You don’t know how it is. It’s fucked up to be a puppet in your own body. Especially, when someone who wants to own you like a toy pulls your strings. And you’re completely helpless against it.”
It’s like Bucky’s trying his best to melt into his boyfriend, to be swallowed up whole. It should be terrifying, this amount of abandon. If there wasn’t Steve’s hand on Bucky’s neck, solid and firm, holding him, grounding him, keeping him safe.
And that sounds - fast. But then, the faster this situation is resolved the better. Because technically, he is missing without any good cause at work right now. “Sounds good. The sooner things get moving, the better. I won’t get fired for missing a week at work, but I don't want to leave Bobby and Garth hanging.”
“Dean?” Cas is standing in the doorway of the guest room, holding out his phone to him. “You have new messages.”
For a heartbeat, Cas stares at him, anger flaming in his eyes. Then he pushes forward as well, yells it in Dean’s face, “Nothing, Dean. I know absolutely
Bucky has the audacity to laugh at that, and while Steve is happy about any emotion he can draw out of Bucky these days, he still doesn’t really appreciate it when it’s at his expense.
Still, Dean’s steps get ever slower when he finally reaches their street. Their house looks peaceful, light blue color contrasting nicely with the white picket fence. Dean’s got a house with a white picket fence. And a spouse waiting for him inside. Sort of. It messes with his head, that’s what it does. In the darkness of the bunker, at least he gets reminded of who he really is. Here? Not so much.
The wristband in his hand weighs heavily. He doesn’t remember even grabbing it. Part of him still wants to get rid of it while another, much louder part holds on as if his life depends on it. Things had been good, Dean was good to him - was good for him, in more ways than Cas could tell. Dean had wormed his way deeper into Cas’ heart than Cas had ever given him permission for. In fact, deep enough that Cas’ heart is aching even now.
Dinner goes surprisingly well, all things considered. Castiel - Cas, is easy enough to be around. Probably because they are both awkward as hell in the company of strangers, so they’re naturally drifting towards dorky topics like gardens and bees and the coloring of different flowers that Steve guesses Bucky and Dean would never be caught dead talking about, but that Steve finds interesting enough, if only because he’s now got the chance to paint nature scenes for the sake of the nature instead of because that’s where he’s hunkered down during a war.
Concentrates enough on it, actually, that he jumps about half a foot in the air when a dark voice close to him says, “I thought I’d heard something.”
Time that they could use to regroup. Because they have no idea where to go from here. It hits Dean like a ton of bricks. “She’s never going to agree to an Unsealing.”
Suddenly, Dean thinks he hears an undertone of actual worry. And yeah, playing with Cas’ heart would mean playing with Claire’s heart, too. She’s lost her family once already.
“The counterattack,” Nat says and sends him a look like he’s really really stupid, “it comes from - somewhere around Lebanon, Kansas. Whoa, what the hell is happening now?”
Cas looks so crushed that Dean can’t take it. He wraps his arms around Cas and engulfs him in a hug. “‘S not true. You’re awesome and you’re helpful and since when are you listening to me anyway?” When Cas wants to protest, Dean hugs him tighter.
If that’s the plan, though, it doesn’t work, because half a minute later Cas stands in front of him with a glass of water and an ibuprofen from the emergency kit. He doesn’t even say anything, just holds everything out to Dean. It takes exactly one stern look before Dean obediently takes the pill and swallows it with the water. Cas nods satisfied and steps to the side again to let Chuck do his work.
“Cas, please.” It comes out choked and Dean’s eyes flutter open again because he can’t take it anymore. Each chaste little kiss seems to loosen the hold that Dean has on his emotions, and God knows he bottles up enough of them that no one wants them to tumble out. And Cas is holding his hands, so Dean doesn’t even have a chance to hide his face or wipe away the tears that blur his view.
Steve’s reasonably sure he could free himself if he really wanted to. The serum is more stable in him. Also, he’s pretty sure that if he meant it, Bucky wouldn’t put up a fight. But Steve’s easy to see through. Just ask Natasha. You can read him like an open book. And he’s never wanted to pull away from Bucky. He doesn’t really want to right now, either.
Sam throws his hands up in the air. “Whatever. The important thing is that I told you! I literally said you shouldn’t go over there! And what is the first thing you do? You go over there. Seriously, Dean? What the hell were you thinking?”
“You tell me,” Dean replies with a shake of his head. “Come on, Sam, let’s do this.” But when he passes Ellen he mumbles, “Go easy on him. He’s trying.”
suggests rose colors and flying hearts and kittens and puppies, and for Dean, love is complicated. It is intertwined with loss and regret. Oh yes, he loves Cas. With all of his heart. But it can’t be more than this, a small safe moment when it for once isn’t dangerous. Where he can allow love to be simple, to be in this small gesture, in the touch of hands, in the warmth of each other’s skin.
Cas takes his soda bottle and puts it to his lips before seeing Dean’s coke. He frowns at it, then at his own drink, then at Dean and finally sets his drink back down on the table without drinking.
And suddenly, he’s sure. He’s sure that their plan is solid, too. That tomorrow, the seal on his arm will be broken. He’s sure, too, that he will wake up again and that he won’t be alone. That Cas will be right by his side. And that it will be good. That they will make it good, no matter what other hurdles the universe is going to throw at them.
Cas only notices that he has freed himself from Dean’s touch when Dean’s confused voice makes him aware.
“Agreed,” Charlie nods. “We hadn’t quite gotten around to that part yet. I was about to tell him that I wanted no part of that, either. I can deal with breaking the law, I can’t deal with being complicit to delivering someone to an abuser.”
“Concealed carry permit?” Cas asks at the same moment that Dean finds the same document in his folder.
“Yeah,” Dean says, turning back to Cas, and before he even realizes what he’s doing, he finds himself throwing both arms around Cas’ shoulders and collapsing into a hug. Cas’ own arms come up around Dean’s waist automatically—not a moment of hesitation,
“I gather they’re at mass right now,” Cas answers. Dean must have made a face because Cas starts smiling one of those fond little smiles that crinkle his eyes and that absolutely don’t give Dean heart palpitations.  “How do you celebrate?”
“Dean!” Cas’ hand is on Dean’s arm, anger replaced with worry. “Breathe, Dean. Breathe. I didn’t do anything. Not now. I can’t, remember? I can’t know about you
look before she pointedly replies, “They hunt the supernatural. They’re not half bad at it, either, if my guess at who they are is right.”
He’d tried to ask Gabe about that several times now, how they’re even going to work around the whole fact that there’s going to be a police investigation and everything, and they’ll hopefully not have an actual body to present to them.
It’s such a stupid code. It might work with a stranger but Cas would look through it immediately. Well, maybe not what the code means. Though he knows that Dean has good memories of Sioux Falls. The code for everything is okay. Would the Impala be in Lawrence, then there’d be a problem.
Natasha has a way to smile that is scarier than anyone else shouting. She’s using that smile while she’s typing. “Yeah, darling, you’re good, but you’re not that good. You’re using code that someone else wrote. I’m not,” she mutters.
Dean’s holding the reins, a hand ready to catch him should Cas fall, and Cas just can’t. He can’t do this. It’s too much.
Cas looks so shocked that Dean closes his mouth. He’s got no idea how to explain it to him. Cas is just - a good guy. He expects the best of people. That’s what makes him a good Guardian, Dean thinks. People want to live up to his expectations. It makes them be their best self. Dean knows that it’s definitely true for him, too. But this here, this is different.
Dean knows it’s a question he’s supposed to answer. That it’s important to communicate. He grimaces because usually that means he draws a complete blank. It kind of does right now, too. He guesses he could just say he’s good. He already fell apart, so there isn’t anywhere to drop really. Apart from into an abyss of self-hate. Which happens sometimes. So maybe not such a good idea, then.
Suddenly, it makes Dean angry. “Got nothing to say, huh? Never had anyone hate his soulmate quite as much as I do, huh?”
It takes a long time before Cas answers. But when he does, he has the leather band clasped tightly in his hand and he meets Dean’s eyes and there’s even something like a small smile curling around the corners of his mouth.
“Not really. I’m still trying to find out more about the company but as far as I saw their address and internet presence seem legit,” Sam says tiredly.
He chuckles at the memory. Not that the others had been particularly good with command structure. Steve’s saving grace had been that he had made up for his lack of experience with his willingness to throw himself into any danger as long as the cause was fair, and the others had respected that and followed him for it. But him and Buck? They’d understood each other without words. Bucky flawlessly knew where Steve needed him to be on their missions.
So Dean goes shopping for the few things he needs to make dinner. It means braving the outside world and Dean’s still a bit paranoid about public places, expecting Amara to show up any minute, but he keeps his mind focused on the goal of the operation (burgers and pie - because burgers are Cas’ favorite and pie is his) and that helps. Cas deserves all the good things in the world and Dean can already hear him moaning around his burger because that’s what he always does, and it’s mostly something silly that Dean laughs about but he can’t help but wonder whether it’s close to whatever sex noises Cas makes.
“They found me - or rather, my LMD-me, before Stark could collect the body.” She looks openly upset now.
But closed doors never mean much, not to the Avengers in general, definitely not to the two people living in this house with him. So it doesn’t necessarily come as a surprise when the door opens a little while later.
Cas hesitates for a moment when he’s done with Dean’s unhurt side. He contemplates the bruise on the other side, brushes his fingers around it. Dean isn’t sure what he is thinking, whether he wants to touch, to press his thumbs into the darkened flesh, to see when it makes Dean cry out. He’s reasonably sure that he would be okay with that. That he’d go along and let Cas test his pain response.
“Are you saying that he – did he choose an Omega over his pack?” Cas asks, not able to keep his astonishment out of his voice.
From his old wallet, he only takes part of the cash, which isn’t much to begin with, and the crinkled childhood photograph of Sam. He’s pretty sure that there aren’t many people who know that the photo was in there in the first place, so it won’t arouse any suspicions if it’s missing even if the wallet doesn’t burn up. He carefully smoothes the photo down into the side pocket of the bag he’s taking.
And the words terrify Dean quite a bit as well, because he hadn’t even thought about that. Not after everything they’ve become in the past few days.
“Can I leave you guys alone for a second?” Nat asks as soon as they’re seated outside. “Got to take care of some female business real quick.”
“Of course,” Castiel bristles. “I would not never just leave a helpless stranger in a back alley somewhere.”
“Well, my vote is for killing you.” Gabriel shrugs when his brother glares at him. “Sorry, Cassie, but I think taking our chances with the red witch is better than delivering your boyfriend to the darkness.”
“Alright, alright,” Gabe waves his brother away. “So, let’s get burgers and talk about breaking the law.”
“Oh, thank God,” Sam sighs. “I thought for sure you’d need longer than this. I was so worried I’d been coming back too early.”
Cas’ smile falters somewhere in the middle of the speech, and yeah, Dean guesses this isn’t Cas’ ideal option, either.
“Alan K. Simpson? Famous lawyer and one of the few Republicans who are pro-choice and pro-gay rights?”
She keeps chatting about the pros and cons of the different characters while they install the console. Dean’s got to admit, he is still a bit thrown. He has no idea what he expected but it was more along the lines of an awkward heart to heart over a cup of coffee and less racing down Rainbow Road.
Cas halts, plate still in his hand, tilting his head like he does so often when something puzzles him. “What?”
Instead he follows the curves of Dean’s chin over his throat to his shoulders and chest. He goes slow, moving with intent but without hurrying to a distant goal. He trails the outline of Dean’s ribs on the side that is unhurt. It is unfamiliar, the reverie and rapt attention with which Cas moves. Dean holds still but it makes him fidgety, uncomfortable like the scrutiny before. He’s got an okay body and he knows it, but he’s also busted up. Right now, he isn’t all that aesthetic to look at. And he has no idea what Cas gets out of this. Why he takes the time to explore every inch of Dean's skin.
Charlie’s face falls. “Oh gosh, and it’s a long story. And you’ll want to hear it all before you let me see them, huh? Well, I guess we shouldn’t show up over there before 7 anyway. I remember Dean getting very grumpy. And very grumpy Dean equals twitchy trigger-finger. Let’s not risk that. Okay. We’ll get comfy and do story-time.” She nudges at Steve. “Come on, Dorito-hips, If you’ve got some coffee for me, I’ll tell you everything. Spoiler alert: It’s all about angels. Mainly about the one angel who is particularly dreamy.” Her face brightens up again. “Though I’m guessing you have figured the dreamy part out already. Oh, I hope they’ve actually got their shit figured out. I’m gonna just drown in the cute gay.”
“Missouri is not against it.” It comes out louder than planned, Cas’ face feeling even more on fire. “Missouri is not against it,” he repeats in a quieter voice. “And I think she would know. If there was danger.”
“I went through the real thing on my own. Pretty sure reading about it won’t break me any more than I’m already broken.”
“So why can’t he just – punish you and get over this? Seeing how you’re obviously hung up on each other still.”
In fact, he doesn’t let go until Charlie kills the engine. Dean’s expected to end up in a shady part of town, automatically associating the shadiness of their business with back alleys that smell like piss and underground clubs decked in red velvet. But this isn’t that. They’ve ended up in a nondescript industrial area with warehouses and storage facilities, office buildings and a fast food chain at the intersection that leads to the highway.
But Cas is not that easy to throw off track. “Is it because our relationship has changed? Because we’re
“Yes, yes of course,” but then the guy trails off, grimacing. “No, actually it isn’t. Not that it makes any difference to you. Did you want something?”
Untangling from each other still takes a second. Possibly, because they’re both a tiny bit unwilling to leave the space of shared warmth. But years of training take over soon enough and they get up without another word. Steve glances at his drawer, wondering whether he should take his gun. Well, better safe than sorry. He quickly steps into a pair of jeans and grabs the gun.
He’s not sure what he expects but it’s not a notification that thisisangelheart has started following him and then the message window popping up.
Well, that was a little weird. But Cas' social behavior is a little weird sometimes, so Dean huffs exaggeratedly and lets it go, determined to keep the mood light. “You’re the only one. Seems like everyone else always tells me whatever it is that she got up to this week.”
“Uh-uh,” Dean shakes his head though he softens his voice. “Cas, have you been thinking about kissing me?”
“The bed already has fresh sheets,” Cas continues, though he makes no effort to actually move yet. “I just have to get my blankets from the bedroom.”
“I’ve always wanted some. A sister to share secrets with. A brother to rough house with. Someone to play video games with. I was homeschooled, you know.”
Dean bites his lip, insecure because laying his heart out for someone else to stomp on is not his favorite thing to do. But he’s gonna die sometime in the next hour, and while he hopes to God that he’s gonna wake up, he can’t be sure. So it’s now or never. And Cas is still listening, so that’s a good sign.
Balthazar’s eyebrows rise. “Who do you think is the one maintaining the grave, huh?” He waves the flower pot he’d been carrying in front of Cas’ face.
Cas smiles and drops the towels on the bed before coming over. He’s lost the trench coat and suit jacket on the way, but he’s still wearing the tie. Somehow, Dean’s eyes are drawn to it before he looks back up at Cas’ face.
It is small and worried and breaks him out of his thoughts. He better end this call before it destroys him completely. But not before Cas hasn’t said his piece. He owes him that much. “Yeah, Cas. You’re right. You’re the one who has a right to be angry. So, you say what you need to say and I’ll listen and then we’ll hang up.” For most likely forever. But Dean doesn’t say it, just lets it hang in the air.
They split up, Sam taking his hipster car to fetch Eileen from her morning shift at the senior residence, Dean showing Cas to the Impala. He opens the passenger door for him.
“Good,” Amara nods and lets go of his hand to get out her phone. “So give me your current address. Unless you’re moving back to that hole in a wall you call an apartment?”
A sob finds its way out of his throat, he puts a hand over his mouth to stop it, to stop himself from giving in to this. Then he turns around and flees. Because he can’t stop this, but he can’t cry in front of Dean, either.
“Hells yeah. Guess you can’t know it, seeing how you’re from out of town, but this place is known for being a queer-friendly space. In fact, it’s what made Claire stop here.”
this story and will be updating regularly for the next few weeks until the story is complete. Enjoy! <3.
“You have no idea,” Steve grimaces. “They beat me up for being a fairy before I even knew I was one.” He sees the motion out of the corner of his eyes and sure enough there is the tell-tale swish of Bucky’s metal hand forming a fist. “Hey, Buck,” he immediately addresses that, “it was a long time ago. I’m good now. You can stand down.” He’s learned it the hard way that any perceived threats to Steve’s safety activate the Winter Soldier real fast.
Dean freezes like a deer in the headlights, Cas running into him, unable to stop his motion in time. For a moment, it’s as if the whole world goes quiet. Dean is dimly aware of the chatter in the cafe, but all that consciously registers is that Amara’s eyes are already fixed on him.
“This is the weirdest first date ever, man,” Dean mutters and then quickly corrects himself, “Cas. I mean Cas.”
“Dean, I think you should focus on the case at hand. Can you tell me anything new?” Sam deflects but Dean can’t stop seeing images of his favorite slippers being all chewed up, especially not since judging by the noises Sam is still fighting to get that grimoire back.
Dean doesn’t talk on the drive back to Cas’ place. Cas keeps shooting him glances and Dean notices them but he just can’t. There aren’t any words for the way it feels like his ribcage is being spread open from the inside out. Like he’s falling into a black hole and not even the darkness grants comfort. He wants to drink until he’s forgotten absolutely everything about this night and at the same time he still feels the phantom hug where his brother had wrapped his long limbs around him for just a second in goodbye. He had seen it in Sammy’s face, how it had worried him that Dean hadn’t fought him off. That in fact, he had held him tighter and refused to let go for another few heartbeats. It had drawn together Sam’s eyes in a frown, but in typical Winchester fashion he hadn’t said anything. Dean’s still not sure whether he’s thankful for that. He thinks if Sam had pushed enough, he might have told him. Probably to the detriment of them all, but maybe the hole in his chest wouldn’t be quite so big then.
It takes effort but he turns his head. If he’s still in the alley behind the Roadhouse everything is fine. They’ll come and find him in a minute. He’s in for another lecture from Ellen of course, about not calling for help and taking on the assholes on his own. But he’s heard it before, and Ellen never stays angry too long.
“Green yellow red,” Dean rattles off even though his mind can’t fathom how a goodnight kiss could turn into something that they need the traffic light system for. But at least it tells him what he’s already suspected. That Cas knows what he’s doing. That he knew what he was doing when he was flirting back just the right way, too. A piece of tension Dean had still been holding onto falls away.
“Dean, I appreciate your caution but I think we should consider other options for this case, too,” Cas says carefully.
“Fuck,” he mutters again, the word still being the only one that fits the situation, and goes back to trying to get his legs to cooperate.
“Dude,” Dean answers but doesn’t have the words to express how much his muscles are not up for that right now.
Cas is still staring at him, though the gaze is not scrutinizing anymore. There’s something soft and warm behind the steely blue of Cas’ eyes, like he’s looking at Dean and happy about what he sees. He lets go of Dean’s hair and Dean expects a request to move. To lay down or to get up maybe. Instead, Cas moves. He slides to his knees, pushing Dean’s legs apart so he can kneel between them. And that’s pretty much the last thing Dean expected.
Dean interrupts him before he can get far with that. “Nah, Cas, this was coming. Now’s as good a time as any. Whatever you want to say, I deserve it.” The words curdle on his tongue like sour milk. If he could get away with never facing this, he’d prefer the hell out of that. But he’s hurt Cas enough as is. He can’t go on in this limbo of whether they’re still friends or not. If Cas needs to cut him out of his life, he has to let him. It’ll hurt like a bitch, but it’s not like Dean isn’t used to losing everyone he loves. Cares about. Whatever.
Talking of Cas. Dean’s been standing in the hallway for at least five minutes, and there has been no movement at all. The AC is rattling lowly, but that’s it. Everything else is quiet.
She hadn’t been extremely thrilled. Oh, she was fine with the concept itself, had, as it turned out, more experience in that particular kind of relationship than he’d expected, but...
Steve knows what she’s going to say. He is draped over Bucky, no mistaking that it was him who moved forward and made the advances on Bucky. Who is under his command. “No,” Steve says levelly and extracts himself from Bucky to go back to stowing away the cables, “you cannot. This is a private matter and none of your business.”
“For the record, I didn’t notice that Cas guy. It was - camaraderie, is all.” A weird sort of camaraderie, that for a moment there felt not unlike what happens in the trenches. Just in this case, the common cause was being two husbands trying to keep their bratty spouses from doing something they’d regret later. It made sense for a minute there.
He looks into the kitchen and it’s empty. It seems that no one has done anything in it since breakfast. Living-room next. No sign of Cas there, either. Maybe he went out to get something from the store? But Cas would have told him, wouldn’t he? Wrote him a text or would have called? Dean checks his phone to be sure and nope, nothing.
He steps up behind Cas, draping himself over him. And yeah, Cas’ breath hitches at the contact as well, so at least Dean isn’t the only one affected. Dean takes it as a win and grinds his hips against Cas a little bit, even while he takes another egg out of the box and puts it in Cas’ hand.
There’s something about his tone that changes Cas’ expression, though Dean isn’t sure whether that’s good or bad. He takes the risk, though, and pushes back into Cas’ space. He doesn’t touch him, though. Can’t.
But Cas doesn’t seem to care either way. He takes the apron from Dean and looks it over. It’s the plain, grown-up kind and Dean for a brief moment wishes he’d gone for the
And yeah, maybe Dean doesn’t even want to take the invitation back, though Cas looks at him weirdly. But having visitors over means having to pretend they’re a couple means maybe getting to hold Cas’ hand again. And Dean would do a lot for that. Even entertain the two hunks from next door.
Automatically, Dean’s arms come up around Cas’ back to hold him tight, even while his mind stumbles. They’ve told each other this before. Have said that they don’t want to lose each other. But this, this is new.
Dean wishes he could at least go back to his apartment. He’d quickly thrown the essentials into a duffle bag when he went to stay with Cas, but that was never planned to be forever. So he hadn’t packed any of the shit that has sentimental value for him. He’s got a single crinkled photo of Sam as a kid in his wallet, but he doesn’t even have a picture of his mom. They’re all in a shoebox under his bed. Cas proposes that he can do his best to get Sam to give him a few pictures ‘to remember Dean by’ but Cas has no reason to ask for pictures of their mom. And it’s not like Cas doesn’t have his own set of pictures of Dean, taken over the years they’ve known each other. So Dean tells him to let it be. He’s just going to have to live by memory as with so many other things.
Which - it almost sounds like Dean will make him go through this again. Like Dean will leave him alone again.
She chuckles. “It’s fine. You’re doing pretty well for a first timer. I had people not say a single word the first time they met me. Awwwwwkward.”
Immediately, they both back off, though judging by the way Cas is breathing hard and Charlie is rubbing her forehead, their inaction is hard won.
And of course Dean doesn’t even know yet whether Cas wants him there. He contemplates snooping around Cas’ apartment to see whether he finds any address for a Missouri or a Balthazar. In the end, he decides against it, though. Trust. He’s not going to do anything without at least telling Cas about it.
He puts the keys to the Impala on top of the letter. Sam’s going to need the rest of his keys, too, and they are going in the pile of clothes they’re taking tomorrow. But this one, this is for Sam.
Bucky doesn’t answer. Instead, he opens his mouth and invites Steve to deepen the kiss. To share their heat, and hold on even deeper. And Steve doesn’t have to be asked twice.
“You still shouldn’t let me elbow you in the face,” Cas says, voice and face softer than they had been. Like he’s noticed everything that Dean has changed and is proud of him but doesn’t want to admit it.
“I don’t know, man, just getting the feeling you’re used to getting an answer when you ask something.”
He dreads looking at it. But then, maybe the universe is telling him something after all. So he picks up the phone. The message is from Cas.
“Pie means I need to go shopping, though. Uh, let me think, what do I need? Lemon juice and eggs and vanilla…” Dean walks over to the shelves to see what they already have, intentionally putting some distance between himself and Cas.
And umm, how often exactly is Cas stalking his dreams? Because yeah, this was just one dream out of many with a similar content, but… Dean tries very hard to keep from blushing. Cas is drunk and this probably doesn’t mean anything. Cas has too big a heart for his own good. He probably checks in to make sure Dean didn’t get himself killed. Which in itself is a kindness that Dean doesn’t deserve and that he shouldn’t read into. And he definitely shouldn’t make Cas uncomfortable by blurting accidental truths like ‘I miss you, man. I miss you more than you’ll ever know.’
It doesn’t make the impression he wants it to make because Rowena dissolves into peals of laughter. “Yer a protective one, aren’t you?” She says it like she thinks it’s cute. “Only temporarily, luv. I'll kill him
“Thanks. You’re a lifesaver.” Then Sam gestures vaguely back towards the houses. “Alright, I guess I should…”
Steve’s pretty sure that if he had to bet, he’d have betted that no one would survive that, not even Clint. By the way Bucky stares at the proceedings, he’s probably thinking the same. But Nat just shakes her head and pats Charlie on the back.
“Umm.” She knows him way too well. Dean’s heart seizes up but since he’s already spilling his guts here, what’s the use in withholding that piece of information. “Myself, I guess. Though obviously that inferred a few things about him.”
Dean chuckles. “Yeah, it’s not my favorite, either. We’ll get around to galloping at full tilt, no worries.”
As it is, Dean does what he can to leave no loose ends. Sam isn’t the only one he owes a goodbye. Even if he’s lying through his teeth while saying it. So in a moment of bravery, he calls the familiar number of the garage.
“All I’m saying is,” Cas says, gaining more confidence with every passing second, “that we’ve been making it up as we go for a while now. And it’s worked for us. I think we can apply the same principles here.”
Finally, they have everything set up and can start playing. Dean chuckles when he clicks on Luigi. Charlie raises an eyebrow at him.
"Nice? Far as I can tell anyway. He's got a dry humor that you got to get used to before you even notice when he's making a joke. He loves burgers. And I think he's a little lost. Like, he's lost everything that made sense to him a while back and I'm not sure he found something to replace that yet."
“Gabriel, please.” But at least Cas’ voice has gone from contemplating murder back to being annoyed. Progress.
It still seems impossible, really. That Cas is not effortlessly secure and in charge of this. That he’s as vulnerable as Dean. But it’s clear in every line of Cas’ face that he’s got as much riding on this as Dean, and that he’s fighting hard to keep himself open even though he expects rejection.
When Cas comes back up from his search, he has both arms full of blankets and pillows. He comes over to the door where Dean crosses his arms and doesn’t budge.
“Honestly? No idea. Didn’t work so well before. But my head’s a bit clearer now, so it’s worth the try.”
It makes Dean angry again, because yeah, he’s kind of been thinking the same thing about Cas, that one day he’ll fly off and leave Dean behind, but it’s not the same thing. “How can you even think that, Cas! I know what you gave up for me. I’m here for you.”
“So, did you two meet in the military?” Steve finally asks in an effort to include Dean in their conversation.
It’s said flippantly but it leaves them in an awkward silence when Steve has no idea what to answer to that. “Sorry,” is all he finally mumbles.
Cas huffs, though, so the answer was apparently wrong. Dean stomps down the urge to apologize again and bites his lips instead. He doesn’t want to make Cas leave. And if he says anything else that’s probably what’s going to happen.
“Is he not the one who put you up to this? I swear ever since he knows I’m not straight he’s paranoid about every guy around me.”
Cas doesn’t question it, just nods. “I can flag her in the system but we can’t get a restraining order until she actually does something.”
“I’m glad,” Castiel answers, “because that would be a pretty risky way of dealing with things. And I wouldn’t like it.”
“Will they have a space for us? Or will we stay with the wagons?” Cas asks because Dean’s thoughts are with their destination anyway.
They still get up early. There’s a certain buzz to the house, an eagerness to get this case over with. Sam has confessed yesterday night that he made the whole thing up in the first place, the disappearances never actually anything out of the ordinary, and that he got goddamn worried when it suddenly looked like he’d unwittingly put Cas and Dean into danger.
For a heartbeat, it’s like everyone stops breathing, then Cas shoves himself in front of Dean again, shielding him from Rowena. “You won't lay a finger on Dean!” Cas growls.
Naively, Steve expects Natasha to be waiting for them on the porch. But of course she isn’t. They find her on their couch in the living-room, texting at lightning speed.
It’s a bad joke. But Cas chuckles even while he shakes his head. “You know that gender in the human sense doesn’t apply to me.”
They stare at the screen in silence, Dean’s heart jumping into his throat every time he hits F5. Nothing happens. Not even an obnoxious answer from Sam or Becky. Just nothing. With every new time he refreshes the page, Dean’s heart sinks further. He’s blown it. Been too forward. Scared angelheart away.
“From Dad, yes. From assholes at school. From myself when I had to. Cause he’s - he’s important to me. You’re important to me, too, Cas.”
There is a grumble and a muttered, “Well, yeah, I didn’t like that, either.” And then the sound of something being lifted off the ground. “I’ll bring this upstairs.”
“It’s not too late to turn back,” Cas says though Dean is pretty sure it’s not true. “We can find another solution.”
The world is spinning with the sensation of Cas’ warmth everywhere along his body and then his lips are on Cas’ again, and this time, the anger bleeds out, leaving behind only eagerness.
The determination in his voice leaves no room for argument, so Dean accepts it and scoots over while Cas sets his alarm and turns off the light. Then he draws Dean in, until Dean’s back is flush against his chest. It’s been years since Dean’s been the little spoon.
Dean fidgets uncomfortably under that gaze. “Cas, I - I know it was wrong to shut you out. I won’t do it again, okay?”
Steve nods impatiently, because well, any piece of code that can hack SHIELD is elaborate. “What’s interesting about it?”
“Ah, dammit, I should have made something that needs cutlery to eat. I mean, how the hell am I going to test their reaction to silver now?” Dean continues unperturbed.
“Alright,” Steve nods. He knows better than to pressure when there’s obviously something off. No one comes out of war undamaged. “Let’s exchange phone numbers and you can call or text me with what we should bring.”
. That’s the only word that comes to Dean’s mind about how Cas’ get-up makes him look. “Jesus,” he coughs and makes a deliberate effort to turn back to the stove. It’s going to be an interesting night.
“Charlie!” Natasha warns, even while Steve follows Bucky in ducking his head and hiding his expression because he knows he’s blushing brightly.
Still, he has the time to prepare Cas’ burger, and then convince Cas to let him snap a picture while he’s eating it. He says it’s as a picture for Cas’ contact info in his phone, but really he thinks it might be helpful in convincing Claire that it’s actually her dad that has shown up in Dean’s bar.
“Of course I missed you. Every day. I missed your mother, too. But I knew I had left you behind well-loved and well-cared for. So whenever the sadness got too strong, I imagined you were laughing right this second. Playing with your best friend at church. Helping your mother bake cookies. Walking the Johnson’s dog.”
“I thought so,” Cas nods. “Dean, I know this isn’t fun. That it feels bad. But the longer soulmates are apart, the stronger the bond works to get them back together.”
He smiles at Bucky’s back where he is already disappearing into the house. Pretty much everyone has called Steve mad for this. For trusting Bucky with his life, when Bucky doesn’t trust himself to pick out cereal at the store. He’s got a feeling that their house has Tony on speed dial, too, and that any incident is going to be reported back to the Avengers’ Tower. Ah well, he’s just gotta make sure that there are no incidents.
There is a moment of silence in which Dean thinks he might have stepped way out of bounds, but then Castiel licks his lips when he looks back over at Dean. His voice is determined but quiet enough to be almost inaudible when he answers, “Not while you’re hurt.”
“Or they’re going to mess with us extra because they find it suspicious having an Omega on a horse!”
“You can say no, you know. Nothing bad’s going to happen,” Steve says and makes the conscious choice to lean back against the kitchen counter and be as far out of Bucky’s personal space as the kitchen allows. He can never judge it correctly these days, when his presence is comforting and when he’s just crowding Bucky.
again. Instead, he locks the door and pulls Cas down on top of him on their bed, with no plans to resurface until at least dinner time—and maybe not even then.
While the cinnamon rolls prove, Dean and Jack clean up the kitchen—wiping the counter down with a wet rag, washing the dishes in the sink, and leaving them in the drying rack to drip-dry. Dean sneaks a peek at the rolls, and they seem risen enough, despite it not having been twenty whole minutes, so he cranks up the oven temperature and sets a fifteen-minute timer.
Eileen tears open the bag of pop rocks and tells Jack to open his mouth and lean back a bit—Dean thinks it makes him look like a baby bird. She pours some onto his tongue, and they all laugh as Jack makes his way through a truly fantastic face journey, from hesitant to curious to taken aback to joyous. Eileen goes around the table, after, depositing pop rocks in the mouths of everyone else, finishing the last of the bag herself.
Dean looks down at his monkey. Honestly, he’s not sure if it’s any fluffier than it was beforehand, but it’s not like he cares how fluffy the damn thing is, anyway. He tosses the brush, and Jody catches it.
The Build-A-Bear has a strict no-cake-or-present-unwrapping policy, so once everyone’s bears have been carefully enclosed in their little white house-shaped boxes, Dean corrals everybody and gets them moving back towards the car. Jody, Donna, and Claire break off in the parking lot, having apparently parked on the opposite end from the Impala. Dean opens the trunk, and it takes some maneuvering, but they manage to fit all five boxes inside alongside Jack’s presents.
The night Dean stumbled upon them in his dad’s journal, he felt like he had been sucker punched in the solar plexus. He felt an actual, literal, physical pain in his chest. Sam had been sleeping in the other bed—fitfully, probably, like most nights that year—and Dean couldn’t stay in the motel room. He had to scream, or punch something—maybe even both, so he’d staggered out to the car in his flannel pajama pants and bare feet, despite the chill in the air. They’d been somewhere in the Southwest, and Dean found himself driving on autopilot out into the desert. He parked the car on the side of the road and just—sagged. Collapsed against the steering wheel like he was a puppet and someone had cut his strings. He pulled Dad’s journal into his lap, thumbing it to the page Mom’s photo was paperclipped to. Dean stared at it for hours. He’s not even sure he blinked. It wasn’t until the sun started peeking past the horizon that he broke out of the spell and remembered that Dad was missing and Sam was grieving. They didn’t have time for him to mourn his long-dead mother, and they certainly didn’t have time for him to tenderly trace a finger across her wide smile over and over and over. So, he drove back to the motel and pretended to be asleep when Sam jerked up out of a nightmare forty-five minutes later.
“Next birthday’s gotta take it out,” she says. She looks up at all of them and gets a bit shy. “That’s what me and my parents always did.”
“I think that’s a lovely idea, Dean,” he says, turning his head to face Dean. His eyes go a little crossed as he stares down the slope of his own nose.
