“Relax, Mr. Stark,” the medic said, putting a calm hand on the father’s shoulder. “It’s alright. It looked like you dressed the wounds well. And… this?” He tapped the arc reactor in wonder.
Steve hung up and pocketed his phone before closing up paint cans and washing roller and brushes with him on the scaffolding. In little time he was back on the floor and throwing his jacket on to brave against the slightly chilly New York City air. By the time he was outside Stark Tower, the address to James’s place had been sent to him, and getting into his car, he drove to the location given to him.
“Dinner will be ready in half an hour,” Howard called after the two before they disappeared behind Tony’s bedroom door.
“Pack your panties, we’re blowing this joint.” Tony grinned, sitting back and straddling Clint’s lap.
Steve took the pajamas and looked them over. "They're definitely softer than anything I usually wear. You like this pair?"
Steve shoved his face into the crook of Tony’s neck and growled out again, moving his hips much faster than before and reaching deep inside the omega. No longer was he sleepy and focused on just pleasuring Tony. Now he was letting himself go wild, letting his alpha side take over and supply the demands the omega gave.
“I just wanna be with him…” Tony let himself be pulled away, another whine escaping before Peggy slapped him across the face, getting him to refocus.
“That would be wonderful. The sooner the better for both Tony and the baby,” Maria said, moving over to her son and giving him a hug to calm him even more.
Tony gave a little happy dance before plopping back into Steve’s lap, ignoring his shoes that were still where they had fallen.
“Yours,” Steve said. “Earth has gone too long putting down omegas and not giving them equal rights. Hydra’s new world order promotes the rights of omegas and encourages them to overthrow the society that has dragged them down since the dawn of humanity.”
Maria and Tony stared at each other for a long time, reading each other’s expressions and trying to convince the other of what to do. Eventually, the mother sighed and pulled her son into a hug. “You’re right. Steve needs you… Go to him, and please be safe.”
As April and March flew past, Tony found himself being occupied by daily chores that an omega in a normal household might perform. It wasn’t because he was forced, but he needed something to keep himself from worrying about Steve. Cleaning and cooking and washing all seemed like good activities to pursue while being left alone for most of the day. Jarvis had gladly accepted the help from Tony, though he insisted several times that he didn’t need additional help cleaning up the manor. Still, he wasn’t going to tell the omega no if he really wanted to help. Having a friend to help do chores with was always more fun than doing chores alone.
“What’s that you’re bringing,” the father asked as he wrapped up their breakfast and started towards the door.
“You want to wait it out.” the father said. “Go into suspended animation and wait for Steve to be found before you wake up again.”
Steve’s eyes also grew wet with tears, holding his omega close and crooning softly. “I’ll take care of you, Tony,” he said after a while. “Don’t you worry, I’ll take care of you until the day we die.”
“You were drinking before I got out here,” Tony said as he hauled himself up with the help of the butler. “But you can get away with that excuse this time. I think I drank too much too fast anyways.”
“Well, can it wait until we get to the extraction point? You should know better than all the commandos that we’re not safe until we’re gone.”
“I’m sorry they didn’t have a better fashion sense, Tony, but this is what I have to work with. I can get someone to change the outfit, but I doubt they’d make one as good as you.” Steve looked down at Tony, honestly looking uncomfortable as he waited for his cue to go on stage.
“You saved me,” Tony said after a bit, trying to speak clearly around his tears. “You… why did you save me?”
Silence fell once more until they reached the hospital, and Howard took over carrying his son once more. The parents and their son filed into the emergency room while Jarvis went to park the car. He didn’t need to be in the way when nurses rushed away the omega to a room. Howard went with the nurses while Maria stayed behind to fill out paperwork. Mother and father were fully prepared to stay with their son for a while before a doctor came around, but thankfully they didn’t have to wait long.
After the camp was set up, everyone gathered around a map and pinpointed where they were headed and what their plan of attack was. Tony, Steve, and Bucky were to be right at the front of the pack while the others would stay back and wait for the right signal to come out and attack full force on the base.
Jarvis put a hand on Maria’s shoulder before she had a chance to say anything more. “He won’t be happy if he stays here while his alpha suffers,” he stated. “And who knows what will happen to the captain? If Tony is there to help him grieve, then it’s best that Tony goes.”
“Wait!” Tony pulled himself up and grabbed onto Steve as tight as he could, pulling the alpha in for a kiss with a gentle hand on Steve’s cheek.
Most of Tony’s time was spent setting up his nest properly. Every couple of days he would shift things around, all while keeping the clothes that smelled like Steve packed away until the time to use them came. No matter how much he did, though, he always felt like something was missing, and he knew what it was. Steve was gone, so of course this nest felt wrong, felt empty.
“Yes I’m sure. You’re wearing them tonight, and I’ll wear a simple necklace I’ve had for years. I don’t want to steal the spotlight from you, after all.” Peggy smiled as she went to her closet and picked out the red dress she had spoken of. “And I do think a little bit of eye liner and maybe some lip gloss will make you look even better.”
Steve frowned. "I'm sorry, last I checked it was illegal to physically own an omega. So he's not yours, or Tiberius', or that Obadiah guy's. Tony is his own person and a hell of a lot more intelligent than probably both his exes combined. It's his decision what he wants to do with his time, skills, and body. Law makes it so. So unless you'd like to fight an army captain on this, I suggest both you and Ty back off from Tony. He chose me, not you two."
Howard lifted his head to look at Peggy as she gathered her things together. That was his cue to leave as well, go back to his apartment and get something to eat before heading off to bed. He never wanted to leave Tony’s side. He always found it hard, especially since his son was on the edge of life and death. It was so very hard for him to lean down and kiss Tony’s forehead and ruffle the dark curls once more while Tony couldn’t object to it. Maybe that was what made it hard for Howard. The fact that Tony couldn’t fight back, couldn’t yell at him for being such a good father all of a sudden, that broke Howard’s heart every time he kissed his son’s forehead.
Steve reacted by sucking on the skin above the collar tony wore, leaving his temporary mark on the omega with a growl. As much as he would have liked Tony to be on his hands and knees with ass in the air, the alpha didn’t feel like either of them were at a point where they wanted to change positions. They had already been working up towards their climaxes for a good while, and Steve didn’t want to stop moving inside the omega that was willingly taking him like a champ. Steve’s mind was too far gone to even think about anything but breeding the omega and putting his seed deep into Tony’s womb. It was all the alpha could think about the closer he brought them to a finish.
A pang of guilt rose in Steve’s chest as he watched Tony leave. He pocketed the burgers before taking after him, although more at a brisk walk than a run. He saw Tony run past their car and down the drenched sidewalk. Sighing, he started jogging to catch up, which he caught up fairly easily.  “Tony, please stop.” He reached out and grabbed the omega’s arm, pulling him to a full stop.
Tony looked up at him and nodded, “Can you text Happy for me? I’m not sure my words will come out in any known language right now…”
“I had normal food at lunch… it was all stuff I liked.” Tony sighed, exhausted and just wanting to sleep.
"I think about a day. They had to run some tests on me to make sure I was going to make it. My reactor wasn't very strong when I first woke up." Tony sighed and closed his eyes, leaning back against Steve. "I wish I had invented a time machine… could have gone back to my parents."
When Howard came back, all the other doctors had left, leaving the two betas to wait a little longer for Tony to be cleared for visitation. Thankfully, they didn’t wait much longer, and soon the two were pulling up chairs to the bed Tony lay in.
Tony rubbed his face with a groan and turned to look at the alpha. "Yeah, god that hurt." He rubbed his nose gingerly.
“I have to say that’s fair,” Steve said with a shrug. “If I’m dating you now, I should know how to put you to bed.”
“At this point I’m not so sure I’ll ever be fighting.” The blond kept his eyes on the sketchbook, watching in silence until Tony set down the pencil and looked at his very rough sketch.
"Looked like you were a little upset earlier," Steve started, tilting his head to the side. "Bad night at work?"
The mural was nearly finished, and Steve was feeling quite proud of it. He had put in another long day of standing on scaffolding and rolling paint onto a wall, and he had to admit to himself that he really needed a break from just painting and going home to order take out for dinner. The last section he had to paint needed just a few more strokes from the roller, and then he would be free to do as he pleased. Perhaps he would take a walk in Central Park, or maybe go to Times Square and admire the lights as the sky grew dark.
Shifting to push himself up slightly, Tony looked back over his shoulder to find Steve’s face pressed between his cheeks, tongue lapping up slick like it was the only breakfast he would accept.
Tony hummed and relaxed against Steve’s chest in the heated and scented water of the bath, “But us omegas only think about sex. How could we ever be trusted to make a good informed decission on important things like voting, or work any job that isn’t related to the sex industry if we’re not mated and at home raising babies?” he said sarcastically.
“I resent that.” Bruce smiled, “One, I’m already sitting, and two, unlike Tony, I know how to take a lunch break without people and robots reminding me over and over.”
Nodding, the beta woman smiled back and pulled the omega in for a quick hug. “We’ll talk more later. Just focus on heading out soon.”
They entered Steve’s dressing room with a stumble. Tony stood near the entrance as he watched the alpha pick up a few items and stash them on his belt, then he took off his jacket and threw on his cargo pants. He tucked them into his boots before straightening up.
“You idiot… you can’t leave me here. Not after you took me on a date and paid for my food and you were such a nice guy to me. It doesn’t make sense! You leaving me after taking such good care of me and making me happy, for god’s sake. Why would you ever think it was a good idea to leave me after all you’ve done?”
Inside, several soldiers and sailors alike were drinking heavily and singing merrily to take away the pains of war. Some were in the corners tucked away with some omegas or pretty beta girls willing to let the men do what they wanted to them. Except when Tony and Peggy walked in. All the singing slowly died down as all eyes turned towards the two newcomers. Both Peggy and Tony were well aware of their effect on the drunken crowd as they took off their coats and hung them up by the door.
“Do I have to keep reminding you that Tony is my son?! I’m not being contradictory, I just want my son to be safe, just like any other parent of any other soldier would say.”
Tony moaned in response, feeling a little spark of heat in his belly again. “Well, I try to keep up with how good your cock is.”
The meeting with the Howling Commandos and Peggy went about as well as it could have gone. All the soldiers were supportive and willing to help a new soldier out, while Peggy was sworn to secrecy as she supported her friends, especially Tony. Everything was going so much better than Tony could have even dreamed. The fact that he was being supported by so many made him feel that he really could go through with this.
“It’s not healthy for an omega to be allowed to indulge so much in their little hobbies or pretending they can do an alpha’s job. Especially when they are particularly fragile to begin with like Anthony is.”
“Well, I wouldn’t count on going anywhere tomorrow, especially if it keeps snowing,” Peggy spoke up, glancing out the front windows of the bar. “It’s picked up quite a bit.”
"I saw that. Looked like fun." Tony smiled. "So, if you're done for the night, let's get you changed and go out for dinner somewhere before calling it a night."
“I like the sound of that,” Steve smiled. “I usually take my lunch at 12:30. Is that a good time for you?”
Howard sighed. “Well, you’re not wrong. That baby’s life is precious, after all. Part of Steve makes up the baby.”
“Easy, you’re okay,” Peggy soothed, finding it painful to hear the poor omega whine and whimper at the lack of presence of the alpha he wanted. “See, we’re in your tent now. You can relax now and do what you need to. Your bags have been moved in here as well.”
“I felt safe with him, honestly. I was glad I stayed with him. We were in Italy for a while, and… he had to leave for a few days. I was stuck in the camp surrounded by a bunch of alphas while I went into heat. Peggy was there, though, and she helped keep me safe until Steve got back. We…”
The omega sighed heavily. “I’m so used to him being around for heats now that I honestly don’t know what to do, really.”
“Yeah, I know. We were about to jump back to the pack anyways.” Steve placed a hand on Tony’s shoulder and guided him back towards the pack.
Bucky seemed to tense up a little, but Steve nudged him in the gut with his elbow. "So separate rooms then?"
“As if that’ll happen. You alphas are all the same. Want me because I’m frankly the hottest omega around, then they hear my family name and they switch to just wanting me for what they’d get if they bit my neck. No alpha will want me for my mind and what it can do if given the freedom to do more than spread my legs.”
Tony took in a shaking breath and hid his face in his mother’s neck. “I’m pregnant… I can’t believe it.”
“Dad doesn’t… he doesn’t know that Steve and I are physical. That would have just been too much for him to deal with.”
Howard couldn’t bring himself to respond in any way as he just looked down at his unconscious son, wondering if he had managed to save Tony or not.
you, Tony. You misinterpret what I wanted to suggest.” Steve reached out to grab Tony’s arm, but the omega smacked it away.
Tony stared at Steve a long moment. He knew he should deny that he was upset and insist that everything was fine, that he was happy to be doing the rounds down on the floor. But he had been moody all day, and he just didn’t feel up to the lie.
Cars honked at Steve as he ran into the middle of the road, and he growled at them involuntarily before he started sprinting away. He vaguely recognized where he was at, and Times Square was just up ahead. He ran as fast as he could, then he had to stop. Everything was so unrecognizable. Lights and flashing advertisements blew his mind enough to let several vehicles close him into the space he had halted in.
"I still want to try to celebrate this year. Even if we’re not back at home.” Tony pulled back and looked up at Steve. “We haven’t celebrated a Christmas together, and I really want to get you something.”
The first day of training and taking the pills occurred the same day as the prescription was filled and the meeting occurred. Tony was started immediately on weight training, working on building up his muscles to handle the intensity of the coming days of training. He started with small weights of course, but eventually he knew he would be able to lift just as much as the rare beta soldiers could. His pills worked wonderfully as well, helping keep his omegan hormones at bay when his scheduled heat was pushed to the side. Without those hormones taking over his body, he was able to build up more muscle mass quickly. He soon saw improvements over the weeks he lifted weights, the second week consisting of both weight and endurance training. The once thin and slightly built omega soon turned into an omega ready to kick ass and take names. In most physical ways, he looked more like a beta, thanks to both his training and the pills. This was a new freedom that he hadn’t experienced before but was enjoying greatly.
“More than I was before.” Tony purred, shifting his hips side to side, “You got me wetter than any other alpha outside my heats have ever managed.”
“I’m scheduled for another in December... Maybe our bodies are synching up with each other finally.”
“Fury said something like that, yeah…” Steve went silent again as his hand roamed up from Tony’s waist to the arc reactor in his chest. “What happened here?”
“He takes better care of me than you do!” Tony jumped to get his bottle back, but Howard held them just out of his son’s reach. “Give them back! They’ve given me more freedom than you’ll ever give me!”
"You are a good omega. The best, in fact, and it's because of your skills in robotics. Screw what Justin said, you don't need to be controlled or forced to have a family when you're not ready for it. You're entitled to just as much freedom as every alpha you've ever come into contact with."
Peggy let him go, knowing he wanted to be alone, and she went off to fetch the medics instead. She’d find him later anyways.
He mentally slapped himself to attempt to salvage his dignity and reel in his thoughts to a better control. He was not that stereotypical omega, after all. Sex was great, but he wasn’t the kind to go walking along street corners in a little red number that advertised what he had to offer anyone with a nice fat wallet. He could remain professional in his alpha’s place of work.
“You’re going to ask a bunch of drunken soldiers to fight after they had been captured? They’re going to think you’re out of your mind.”
It was a long few minutes Tony spent hunched over the toilet before he felt well enough to shakily get to his feet and wipe his mouth off. He didn’t think he had ever experienced his stomach turning so quickly on him, but he brushed it off as simply a random stomach bug, so he flushed the toilet, cleaned up and left the bathroom intending to still join his mother for dinner. As soon as he walked out though, he was hit with another wave of nausea, though not as intense as previously. Suddenly food didn’t sound good at all, and he decided to just go back to his room. His vision was swimming intensely, and Tony just wanted to lay down.
Sighing heavily, Tony readjusted his suspenders that kept his pants up, shoving his hands in his pockets as he looked up at the tall blond. “You’d think they’d give you better pants than tights.”
Tony didn’t get an answer, only being forced to scramble to the side as Steve stood up, pocketing his sketchbook. He ran out into the rain, heading towards the tent he knew Colonel Phillips was.
“No, but that doesn’t mean there won’t be some suggestive touching under the table.” The alpha flashed a smirk as they exited the building.
The blond finally left the briefing room, thinking about his future and how his country was going to change in the next few months.
prefer, I do like things on the kinkier side. If I’m going to be sitting on a knot, I want that knot to have earned its place. I like to wake up feeling what had been done to me the night before. I like to be made into such a mess I struggle to get myself to the bath.”
Tony flushed deep red, that warmth in his belly spreading lower as he shivered. “Tent… over by the medical tent…”
Steve's attention was caught. "Sounds like your true potential has been hindered by the fact that you're an omega. I'm actually disappointed society hasn't made much progress in terms of what omegas can do." Steve got on his feet again and took off his shoes, then he sat next to Tony. "Perhaps having the right alpha would set you free from the prison you're kept in."
Tony shook his head. “Not alone. We had SSR scientists help my dad and I. It took several tries, and nearly my life, but we perfected it so it would keep me young and alive while frozen in time. Apparently that’s how you survived as well. But it wasn’t exactly like yours. I don't have super strength.”
“So, on alpha, sexy alpha,” Tony purred, ignoring James and moving over to plop himself right into Steve’s lap, “I got this gala party thingy I am required to attend in a few weeks. Terribly boring and stuffy. Mind being my date? We can be bored out of our minds together.”
The headache Tony had when he opened his eyes was excruciating but he kept blinking and tried to get up as he saw some soldiers run towards him. He kept ignoring his pain as he got back to his feet, the soldiers helping him run to the gate where Peggy was waiting with wide eyes. Tony had to keep going, even if he was in pain. An explosion was not going to put him out of commission when he had fought for so long to get to where he was. He had to keep going, no matter how bad the pain was.
Leaving the base together, Tony, Steve, and Bucky all headed to the Stark apartment to help the omega pack up his things. The only thing that Tony left in the apartment that belonged to him was a few towels that Howard had bought him when they had moved Tony in. They were cheap anyways. Not the best material to make a nest with. Tony had plenty of his own clothes and towels that were soft and were perfect for nest making. As they packed up the nest that Tony had created in his bedroom, the omega thought of his own nest back at home, one that was just waiting to be smothered with Steve’s scent when the chance came. It was something thrilling to think about, for Steve to finally join Tony in the nest he had spent years building up and making perfect.
"Officially, I'm not here at all." Peggy sat down and looked at the two men. "That was quite a performance, Steve."
Steve nodded in understanding, feeling a bit stupid. “Yeah, I’ll leave. Ah… I hope you like your chocolates.” He turned and left the room, face red as he left.
“Sure about that, Doll? Because it seems to me like you can’t live without me now.” Steve purred in Tony’s ear again, making the omega whine and go a little weak in the knees.
Tony nodded, then he moved forward and hugged his mother as tight as he could. “My body hates me,” he said in a weak voice.
“Can’t wait until I can move away from him. He’s not a bad guy really… he just has strong opinions, and I know he just wants to protect me. He’s doing his best.” Tony sighed, following the alpha to meet Colonel Phillips.
Tony looked up at Steve, who had asked the question. He shrugged. “Maybe. I think I’m more worried that the real thing won’t be like training.”
“Don’t… I just want to get away from here right now. I…” Tony bit his lip. “I want to stay at your apartment until he sends me home.”
“You realize it’s autumn, right? We haven't even had Halloween or Thanksgiving yet! Let's save the cheesy Hallmark Christmas movies for after Thanksgiving stuffs us like the turkey we eat. But we can do some Romcoms. JARVIS, bring up something along those lines, will ya?”
Steve headed to the back of the plane, where a motorcycle was strapped down and ready to ride as soon as Steve deemed it necessary. Tony wanted to follow  his alpha, and for a few moments he did follow Steve to the back, but one of the commandos settled their hand on Tony’s shoulder, telling him that Steve would be alright. It pained the omega to follow the commandos while glancing back at Steve, wondering if that would be the last time they’d see each other… Surely not.
The two were silent for a long time, simply enjoying being together once more while the rain fell and brand new sounds of the city below reached their ears. Tony was the first to speak once he got the courage to do so.
“I’m not really interested in just a private session. I’m a little like Steve. If I find something I like, I’m gonna try to obtain it.” Bucky put a finger underneath Clint’s chin and lifted it with a pleased noise.
Tony’s body shook as he started to cry, and Maria soothed him with soft shushing sounds and kisses on his head. “I know it’s hard, sweetie. We need to focus on keeping you healthy now, okay? For Steve.”
“Well honestly the only perfect roommate I can think of for you is me,” Steve continued, ignoring Tony. “You couldn't possibly have meant that, right?”
“Excuse you, I’m always tiny! I wear platforms to make the alphas think I’m taller.” Tony said, kicking his leg out to point at his shoe.
So I HAD PLANNED ON POSTING THIS ON FRIDAY But life got in the way and I completely forgot Friday was posting day, so here's this chapter a few days late. Every chapter after this should come out on Fridays. -BWP
“Good morning, Tony,” Jarvis said, turning away from the bacon and eggs long enough to greet the young Stark. “I hope you are well rested after your heat.”
“We didn’t really sneak out did we?” Tony asked Peggy after hearing her tell Steve that his father had some things for him to try.
As extravagant as the party was, it wasn’t exactly entertaining to the younger couple. Most of the guests were at least as old as Howard and Maria, which left Tony and Steve with very few people to relate to through the night. If they weren’t taking with veterans, they were standing to the side in a corner, sipping on drinks and eating little blocks of cheese. Not exactly how the two wanted to spend Thanksgiving, but at least they weren’t off fighting in the war. They had a chance to relax and be themselves, and there was no way they were going to waste their time.
Tony didn’t have time to react at what came next. Steve was suddenly right in front of him and capturing his lips in a long and gentle kiss, strong hands cupping his face with a cautious strength that made Tony whine and cry new tears.
Tony hurried away, wanting nothing but to hear Steve’s voice and know he was okay. That was all that mattered to him. Running up the stairs, Tony’s arc reactor bounced around on the straps that barely held it only the uniform, and every time the reactor got a little bit further away from his chest, he winced, a little bit of pain shooting through his chest. He ignored it though, because the pain went away when he was still once more, pacing about the room and chewing on his thumbnail as he waited, as they all waited for Steve to radio in.
“This would be a good time for me to try out my suit’s shielding ability,” the omega said in a serious tone. “I can help draw fire away from the other commandos.”
“Can’t seem to catch a fucking break,” he hissed to himself, trying to move to the bathroom once again before he could throw up all over the carpet in his bedroom. It had been almost a week of intense nausea and an almost overwhelming want to eat. He might have eaten more than normal on the few days he had actually felt good, but he didn’t think it was enough to really affect anything. He was still being healthy, despite constantly getting sick for a week. Tony was getting really irritated and fed up with it, and he had accidentally snapped at his mother when he started feeling nauseous again. He had even tried to eat a cheeseburger, but he had promptly thrown up moments after swallowing a couple bites of it. He didn’t like cheese from that day on, gagging almost every time he caught a whiff of it.
“Omega,” Steve growled out, looking up at Tony through his lashes. His blue eyes seemed to turn darker the longer Tony grinded against him, and his alpha side was going absolutely wild. No clear thoughts made their way to the front of his mind, because all he could focus on was the omega on top of him and his need to flip Tony over and fuck him until the sun rose.
“Fuck…” Tony leaned heavily against his alpha, hiding his face. “You can’t just say things like that. I’m really going to ruin this outfit.”
It didn’t process in his mind. There was no way he could be pregnant. He was sure he and Steve had used protection during his last heat, but the more he tried to remember the less he was actually remembering, and his face went white, his hands trembling.
“Don’t you dare let anyone but me redesign your suit. It’ll look horrible otherwise.” Tony smirked as he took a drink of his coffee.
Obadiah raised his hands and smiled. "Hey, I'm not trying to start anything here. I just thought Tony would like to know who is here, that's all."
“Right, my dad would kill me.” Tony picked up a roll of paper towels nearby and wiped himself off before handing them to Steve, putting his pants back on while his alpha cleaned up the rest of their evidence.
A question to be answered another day. For the moment, there were no questions needed. Tony was back with Steve, and to him,
“Really, so am I just that pretty or was it my scent that you wanted to take with you had I chosen to stay here?”
The moment Tony was waiting for was finally happening, and he felt lightheaded as Steve fucked him into the cot. His face rested against the pillows he had been offered, acting as soft padding against the rough material of the cot, which he was grateful for. He was sure his face would have been roughed up if he hadn’t had the pillows. Steve was going pretty hard for their first time together, but Tony was okay with that. He finally was sharing a heat with the alpha he had fallen for all too easily. He let out a happy moan, daring to smile as Steve went deeper inside him, shifting positions a little to reach deeper still. Tony’s smile stayed, though he moaned louder. He hoped the alpha could see how happy he was.
Steve and Tony found that they liked spending time up in the mountains, hiking on trails and chasing each other around the trees and bushes with laughter and wide smiles. Though the two had been through rough spots in their relationship, they seemed to be as happy as ever, as if the war had been forgotten completely and they simply focused on being around each other and enjoying their freedom. If they weren’t at the manor, they were probably out far away from the city and having a picnic somewhere with a beautiful view of the ocean. It was their little way of escaping reality even further and developing their relationship even more than they already had.
Tony nodded. “I’ll suggest that to him in a letter. If things calm down, it might be nice for him to come back home. I’m sure he’d like it.”
Tony’s smile faded a bit. Steve… He was still gone, and probably would remain gone after so long of not finding him. Tony didn’t want to give up on his hope that Steve had survived, but even a super soldier could only last so long in the icy cold.
The ride to the base felt agonizingly slow to Tony. He was practically bouncing in his seat as Bucky drove them through the snow, though watching London go about the busy day despite the weather was entertaining. Not as entertaining as seeing Steve again, of course, but still interesting.
“Worried, alpha?” Tony leaned into Steve’s space, “You’re welcome to drag me to bed if you want. I’ll even give you an access card to my lab.”
Steve couldn’t help the dorky smile that formed on his lips as he looked at Tony. “You sure are. Quite adorable, if I was to dare to say so.”
“He came with me on my tour across America to increase war bond sales. It didn’t seem fair for me to leave him when my tour wasn’t finished.”
Swallowing, Tony turned his head back into Steve, sighing and casually draping his hand over his stomach. It would only be roughly seven more months before he and Steve had their own child to take care of. Tony had been thinking of ways to tell his alpha, but nothing he thought of was a good way to tell him. Besides, if Tony had told him before, there would have been no way Steve would have let him fight. It would be too dangerous.
Tony balled up his fists tighter in Steve’s coat. “Bucky is probably dead,” he spat out, feeling a spike of jealousy that was misplaced. He regretted it immediately.
Peggy knew they were on a tight schedule, and she didn’t have time to argue about whether Tony should stay behind or not. But that didn’t stop her from trying to talk sense into Tony. “You’re hurt, you need to stay behind. I can take you back to the plane and we’ll get you patched up.”
“The omegas and beta women of America owe you their thanks,” a woman’s voice said as Tony got closer. “And seeing as they’re not here…”
Since he was home and didn’t plan on going anywhere, the omega changed into more comfortable clothes; a soft t-shirt and warm pants, plus some socks to keep his feet warm on that cold day. He moved out of his room and went to the kitchen where his father was making dinner. The perks of having a parent that was a beta.
“Oh, I’m of no relation… just a friend, and a familiar face.” Peggy swallowed. “Is the baby alright?”
“God, I love him so much, Mom. He’s sweet and strong and approves of how I am. I can’t tell you how long I’ve wanted an alpha that just accepted me for who I am and didn’t want to turn me into a house wife and sex toy.”
“So what are we supposed to do?” the commando asked. “I mean it’s not like we can just knock on the front door.”
When his mother had left, Tony let himself cry. He was tired and hurt and didn’t feel good at all. His day had made a turn so quickly that it had put him to bed early. He did not eat dinner that night, he had tossed and turned all through the night despite being exhausted from throwing up so much. No matter what he did, he just couldn’t get comfortable, and he wanted Steve more than ever. He wanted the comforting crooning his alpha provided when he was stressed out of his mind. He wanted those big arms to wrap around him and hold him until he felt better. Tony wanted a lot of things that pertained to his alpha, but he wasn’t going to get any of them so long as Steve was across the oceans fighting in the nasty war that demanded his attention.
Tony managed a small smile while new tears streamed down his face, clearly overwhelmed and happy that his father was finally getting along with him. “I’ll show you how I made the arc reactor. And…  I think I’ll take a bit of that food you mentioned.”
Steve smiled and nuzzled Tony. “You don’t need to worry about me. I’m here for you, and I’m not leaving you for a long time.”
“Yeah? Well, if you came to watch me work once in a while, you’d see more paint splattered all over my clothes.”
Flushing, Tony shook his head. “No… I had more than one. Hated being around all those soldiers and agents who were alphas.”
"Of course. I hardly know how to make a proper nest anyways." Steve chuckled and started unloading all the snacks and situating them on the nearby coffee table in a neat pattern so that salty and sweet were on both sides of the table, both within reach of both alpha and omega.
Maria and Jarvis did everything they could at home for the boy, as did the doctor that was making frequent house calls while Howard was out there searching for the one thing a medical degree couldn’t fix.
Tony loved how warm and happy everything felt around his home. Not only was the house well decorated top to bottom, inside and out, but he also finally got to spend Christmas with his alpha. They had been prevented from doing so the previous year because of Steve going away on a mission--Not to mention their fight--but that year neither of them had anywhere to go until Steve was called back to duty, and so far, there hadn’t been any letter or call requesting his presence, so Tony was optimistic about Steve staying home for the holidays. He just hoped that nothing serious popped up in the few weeks to follow.
Settled into the car, Steve wrapped an arm around Tony's shoulders and sighed lightly, watching the lights of Walmart's parking lot fall away and be replaced by the tail lights of many cars rushing to get nowhere fast.
Smiling wide, the alpha leaned down to nuzzle Tony. “I love you. One day, we’ll get married and live happily after the war is over and we don’t have to worry about Nazis anymore.”
Pain crossed Steve’s face after Tony had spoken. “Oh… Tony.” He wrapped his arms tight around Tony, crushed by the amount of pain tainting Tony’s scent.
“I know, Tony… but I’ll make it last however long it needs to. I’m sorry… Tony, I’m sorry for all the things I’ve said and done to you. I’ve been in the wrong for so long while you suffered, and now you’re suffering more and it breaks my heart so bad to see you like this.” The father looked back at his son before moving his hand to wipe away some of Tony’s tears. “I’m so sorry, Tony…”
It was Steve’s turn to smile, and what a smile it was. Bright and happy, despite his entire world breaking before his eyes. That smile made Tony feel a lot better, and he felt even better when Steve stepped closer and settled his big hands on Tony’s hips, rubbing small circles into the soft skin beneath the shirt Tony wore. The little skin contact made Tony shiver, though he didn’t quite know what kind of shiver it was.
Tony kept reminding himself that the baby inside him belonged to Steve as he and his mother drove back home. It was honestly the only thought keeping him grounded and preventing him from flying off the handle and going into an anxiety induced panic. The calmer and happier he was, the better for both his own and his baby’s health, according to the doctors. He wanted to stay healthy, at least for the baby, and Maria was going to make sure he didn’t do or eat anything wasn’t healthy, he was sure of it. Still, he appreciated that she was going to take care of him. The whole pregnancy news came as quite a shock to him.
“Some of the guys I rescued from that first factory. I planned on going to ask them tonight at the bar.”
“Happy doesn’t begin to describe how I feel about this,” the omega said softly, taking in Steve’s scent slowly.
The first day of waiting went by with nurses coming in to check Tony’s heart rate and wounds every hour or so. Nothing dramatic happened, which was good, but also not really desired. Howard hardly got any sleep worrying over his son, and Peggy was in much of the same position. Both worried endlessly over the omega, but they let the nurses and doctors do their jobs.
As he worked on his sketches, Tony sighed and groaned, straightening his back and raising his hands high above his head to stretch himself out. He didn’t think he had been hunched over his drawings for that long, but it was probably time for a break anyways. Besides, it was finally Christmas Eve, and Tony had to get ready for the party that would be hosted later that night. He had gone and bought a new outfit to wear specifically for the party, and Steve had yet to see him in it.
“...Dad?” Tony groaned and tried to shift around more, though he was too weak to do so. “Dad… my chest… I can’t…”
The date didn't happen at all that night. Tony was too pissed off at Steve to even want to go just for the food, and he really didn’t want to see the stupid alpha’s face either. He had hoped that shooting at Steve had discouraged him from coming by the apartment to try to make things up. However, knowing Steve, Tony knew he would try just that, and that really wasn’t something that Tony could handle for a while. He needed time to cool down, think about his options. Maybe he could just let Steve go quietly, forget they had ever been together and move back home to be with his worried mother again.
First Howard looked at what Tony had been reaching for, which was the arc reactor. He admired its design only briefly before he turned his son onto his back, and that was when he saw the wounds. They were deep and would be hard to patch up. Confused at first as to why Tony had been reaching for the reactor, Howard made a frustrated sound. He knew that if he didn’t do something fast, Tony might die. There wasn’t time to call a doctor or a medic. Tony needed immediate attention, and the only person around was Howard.
“Well… I actually kinda want to go home. My mom hasn’t seen  me in a long time. I figured I can at least let her see me for a bit before I try to come back.”
When Tony woke again, he was in the hospital. An IV drip was connected to his arm, and he was in the middle of his heat. He felt uncomfortable as all hell. Soaked clothes, a throbbing headache, and his side hurt  from where his broken rib was. At least there was ice on it, but the compression bandages made it hard to breathe properly. He wanted them off, knowing they weren’t helping at all in the healing process. He looked around for a call button, or a nurse, or anyone nearby who could help him take off the compression bandages.
A soft knock came on the door, and Tony tore his gaze from the flowers to the door. Steve was there, dressed up in his tan army dress clothes. Tony thought they looked almost too small on him now. “Hey,” Steve said softly. “Heard you were awake.”
Tony returned to the picture frame he had slammed down and picked it up, running his finger over a crack in the glass he had created. He sighed and set it upright. “I hope this war ends soon. You won’t be distracted by any others who try to take advantage of you.”
there a condom? He’d grabbed one but didn’t remember it being put onto the alpha. He was normally very vigilant about that kind of thing when he was with an alpha.
“The whole world is interested in me in one way or the other. It’ll be more that I’m interested in you.” Tony smiled, tilting his head back in anticipation of a kiss on the dance floor.
"He's an asshole for doing so. He has no right to remind you of the pain you had to go through when he experiences none of it himself." Steve scooted closer and put his hand over Tony's. "You're far from a hopeless omega, your exes just can't see that. They're too blinded by power and greed to realize how great a person you really are, how special your talents are."
“Really, Steve? You’re saying I’m misinterpreting the way you’re telling me you might leave me here in the US while you go overseas where there are other omegas out there who would
When Tony arrived in London, the skies were dark and gloomy, not a single star in sight as the plane landed. Tony couldn’t count how many times he had cried on the flight, but he could count how many hours he got to sleep on one hand. He had been so devastated to hear about Bucky, but couldn't have been as bad as how Steve felt. Steve had lost his best friend that he had been around since they were kids. They grew up together, went through Bucky presenting as an alpha together and watching Steve stay neutral. Bucky and Steve had been through so much more together.
Steve nodded again, smiling this time. “Good. We can always use more good soldiers to join the fight.”
“No he’s not,” Howard snapped, standing up and striding over to his son. “Tony, you’ve got to be crazy going out there and fighting. You’re an omega, you can get hurt, or killed.”
Tony kept his excitement in check as he smoothed down his coat and shifted his weight to one hip. “Captain Rogers.”
“Justin didn’t like me using birth control. He always hid it from me right before my heats hit. I wasn’t ready for being a parent, but he didn’t care. I wanted to wait until after I was out of college before thinking of having pups.”
Steve was starting to move his hips on his own, despite having Tony’s hand on his hip. The hand was barely doing anything against him. The omega learned quickly to stop moving his head and let the alpha do the work, which he appreciated. His neck was getting tired from moving, so having Steve move was a relief for him. The longer they went, the closer Steve got to his orgasm, and the more he groaned out as he cupped his hands around both sides of the omega’s face. He watched as Tony quickened the hand that he was using to jack himself off, noting the little noises he was making around Steve’s cock.
Tony closed his eyes and sighed happily as they danced. Feeling Steve rest his head against his own felt so good beyond words, Tony was glad he couldn’t find the words to describe just how happy he was. Dancing was far better than sitting in a chair watching his father work well into the night on some weapon that might not ever make it’s way to the public’s knowledge. Dancing with Steve was magical almost, which only made the omega step closer.
Behind the door, she heard a bit of movement, a groan, and then suddenly the door opened. Tony was there in one of Steve’s shirts and loose pants. Despite being in oversized clothes that smelled like Steve, Tony looked far from comfortable.
“I won’t be leaving you, Tony. That’s a promise, and I intend to keep it.” The blond pulled Tony in tight for a hug and simply held him, placing a hand at the back of the omega’s head. “I’m still going to Europe, but I’m not leaving you behind. You matter too much to me now for me to leave you. I realize that now.”
“Then come here and let me satisfy you.” Steve grabbed Tony’s hips with another growl leaning forward to leave a little nip at the top of the omega’s hip.
When they met at the bottom of the stairs, Tony chuckled. “Don’t let your mouth hang open for too long, Captain. You’ll catch flies.”
“No. I was too sick most of the time to even thinking about drinking." Steve shrugged, swirling around the liquid in his glass. "Now it doesn't affect me at all, so it's honestly pointless for me to drink except for getting the flavor."
“Still want me to sit on your knot?” Tony asked, sliding a manicured fingernail up along Steve’s stiff shaft.
Tony couldn’t argue with Peggy as they ran as fast as they could. They were on a very tight schedule to catch Johann Schmidt, and there wasn’t a second to lose. Even just the little bit of talking with Steve might have jeopardized the mission, and Tony hated to think that, but it was most likely truth. Every little distraction was a tally against them.
Tony was kept in the medical tent and given some blankets and pillows to curl up with. His tent was set up just behind the medical tent, away from any prying alpha eyes and safe until Steve returned. Thankfully he at least had something that smelled like the blond, which helped him stay calm in the medical tent. A small part of him felt guilty for having to put the nurses though the trouble of putting up a tent specifically for him, but he would have a place to stay until his heat was over, plus a place for Steve to stay if he returned before Tony’s heat was over. Tony doubted he would be back, however. A part of him told him that he’d never see Steve again, which made him worry and his stomach hurt even more. God, he hoped Steve would return very soon. He didn’t think he’d be able to survive going through the whole heat without the alpha, since at that point in their relationship, Tony so strongly thought of Steve as
Maria pulled Tony in for a hug, sighing and closing her eyes. “I know being away from him is tough, but you do get to see him again. Either you’ll go to meet him again or he’ll come back here.”
Over by the submarine, Howard sighed and set his wrench to the side. He looked up at his son, who was sitting on the metal grate beside him, and grabbed the sandwich he was offered for lunch.
I hope you all have enjoyed reading this as much as I have enjoyed writing it! The Strongest Hearts is by far my fondest fics i have written by myself (with help from my beta reader of course lol). I'm eagerly awaiting the time I can start on the second fic in this series! Be on the look out for The Brightest Minds, as well as other bonus fics that exist within this universe! TiBun has written an alternate ending to this fic, and I highly recommend reading it for Tony being himself (as usual) and a very sweet reunion between the boys.
“Yeah…” Tony sighed and followed his father to their car, not looking forward to another night alone.
“Steven Rogers, you are falling quite nicely into the roll of an alpha already. Just don’t drive the omega you like away. He’ll never fall for you if you act like any other army alpha.” Peggy patted his back as she left. “I’m going to pack my bags. See you in Europe.”
Lodged deep into his skin were pieces of shrapnel and other pieces of metal. They were mostly digging into the skin over his heart, and the wounds were still bleeding quite a lot.
The next day played out similarly, Tony spending much time with his mother in the parlor, talking about pregnancy and what to expect. Maria didn’t have all the answers, especially for the questions that more had to do with being an omega, but she gave the best answers she could, telling Tony to keep those questions in mind to ask the doctor at his next checkup. By the time Tony had run out of questions, he had been much more informed about pregnancy than he had been expecting. He was glad to have someone close to him that knew what he was going through and would tolerate him when his mood suddenly shifted.
January 30th was the day that Tony went to the omega clinic to get his checkup. He had to say he felt a bit awkward, seeing several frail omegas who were in various states of pregnancy. They all looked like Tony would win against them in a fight, which he hated to compare himself to them, but he was the only omega there that was as fit and built in muscle as he was. He wondered if any of the omegas thought he was a beta.
“We have to keep going, come on,” one of the soldiers said while letting go of Tony when the omega pushed him away.
Steve threw on some more comfortable clothes over his costume just as the rain began to fall. Thankfully they were under cover when he found a place to sit and just draw. Tony had only learned recently that Steve could draw, and whenever the alpha had found time to do so, Tony would sit and watch. He could draw too, he needed to when he was designing new projects and such, but when Steve drew, it was graceful and almost poetic. Tony liked watching Steve draw far better than drawing himself.
Those words sent Tony flying over the edge, and the omega simply couldn’t hold on any longer. He cried out loudly and squeezed his eyes as tight as he could, his cock twitching as he came hard and fast into Steve’s hand. Even behind closed eyes, Tony could see those stars intensify and almost cause him to black out as his body shook with his orgasm, attempting to clamp down on the knot he wanted so badly.
When breakfast was finally done, the four moved into the parlor with plates of food and glasses filled with coffee and juice. They settled down and simply enjoyed the food and soft music playing. There was simply nothing to worry about but if the eggs needed more salt or if the coffee was still too hot to drink. It was a simple time for the four residents of the Stark manor, and there wasn’t honestly anything that could have broken the happy mood.
Tony playfully pouted. “Alright, fine. I’ve waited for over a month, and I can’t even get a hint for where we’re going?”
Tony shrugged. “I wouldn’t say I’m obsessed over the more omegan styles… but I do find it nice to dress up every once in a while for Steve now.”
One last meeting was held just before the troops shipped out to the Alps, going over the small details of the mission, who would go where and do what, and also Steve mentioning that he planned to let himself get captured to get inside the base, allowing the commandos to come barging in, and then the rest of the troops would storm the base and attack. It all sounded well and good, but it didn’t help settle the bit of anxiousness left floating around Tony’s stomach. He had to excuse himself from the meeting once to go throw up, which of course raised a bit of suspicion, but Tony played it off as only nerves, and that he was more anxious than he showed. Thankfully for him, the lie was convincing enough.
“He’ll be the first one you tell,” Maria said. “When’s the soonest we can get Tony in for a checkup?” she asked the doctor.
Maria was in the parlor when her son walked in with a couple large sandwiches on a plate and a glass of water. She smiled but tilted her head. “Hi there. Feeling better already?”
He had been fast asleep, tossing and turning in his bed. Tony had simply been unable to eat at all that day, and he was feeling weaker than normal. Most of his day had been spent sleeping or staring at the walls. He seemed to be in an entirely different world when someone came in to check on him, and he hardly responded to them when they talked to him. He hadn’t let anyone know how steady his pain was growing throughout the day, the cramping that often had him curled up into a ball on his bed while wishing the pain would go away.
As Tony sat backstage, he listened to every rehearsed line that Steve said, closing his eyes and simply listening to his voice. Every performance was exactly the same, but each time, Steve got a little better at saying his lines. With each new performance, there had been more and more stunts performed. Tony liked to peek every once in a while, but seeing the dumb costume always made him turn away after more than five minutes. Still… he always had to take a peek when Steve was lifting things. Steve was an alpha showing off, and it was attractive as
Tony shook his head. “No, we didn’t really want to bond yet, not while the war is going on. If something were to happen… it would be too painful.”
Tony sighed and glanced up, seeing the club owner, Tiberius Stone, eyeing him with a skeptical expression. Yikes. He needed to be working. Giving in as it was clear this alpha would not simply drop it and allow him on his way, he slipped himself down into Steve’s lap and rotated his hips.
It was then that Peggy poked her head back into the room, a few nurses behind her. “Pardon me, Mrs. Stark, but I believe your son will need some medical assistance.You’ll be able to see him more later when he is feeling more like himself.”
Shaking the thought from his mind, Tony continued to eat about half his bowl of soup before he called it quits. His stomach was acting up again, and with as weak as he was, he really didn’t want to make a ton of trips to the bathroom.
“More like my arm candy is my actual boyfriend whom I’m courting. You accepted those chocolates I got you on our first date!”
Steve let out another growl, this one more possessive than before, and he shifted so his cock could rub against Tony’s hole and get coated in slick. He rolled his hips into the omega’s several times while he placed more wet kisses all over Tony’s torso.
The blond turned towards the sound of his name being called out, blue eyes wide as he caught sight of Tony pushing through the crowd to get to him. Steve smiled and laughed, holding his arms out to catch the omega in a tight hug.
“You’ll love it, I get really funny when I’m drunk. Or stupid. I’ve been told I’m both, so it’s a 50/50 shot.”
Their eyes locking, Steve lowered his face and kissed Tony once more. His hands were braced on either side of the cot, his back muscles flexing as he held himself up. Then he moved to Tony's jaw and chin, leaving little kisses and a few little bites that made the omega moan. He moved on to the neck, finding the scent gland there and nuzzling it. He rubbed his own scent onto Tony’s, mixing their scents into a pleasant sweet smell that had a kick of spice to it.
“I’ll go get the car ready.” Jarvis was there too. Everyone in the manor had come. Tony sobbed even louder as he clung to his father.
“Thanks,” the omega said, catching the bomb that Bucky was throwing up to them as Steve threw open the hatch and grabbed who was driving inside, tossing them out to the side.
“If you require anything else, just let me know.” Jarvis closed the door to the car and took it into the garage while Tony and Maria went into the manor.
Getting flustered, Tony pulled away from Steve and hunched over a little. “I wasn’t going to say anything. I was meaning that… I can deal with Dad until I move out.”
“You’re too much of a diva to let yourself go.” Clint said, pinching Tony’s arm and making him laugh.
“I might not, but the colonel might. I’m just the weapons designer, not an actual part of the military. I don’t know their schedule or what they may need from Rogers.” Howard waved down a cab to take them away to their destination.
“I can’t do that, Tony, and you know why. If I let you work on any of my projects with me, I’d be out of a job quicker than a snap of the fingers.”
“You can’t prove or disprove my supposed involvement in the disappearance of that thing.” Tony said.
“Do you guys live here on this base?” Tony asked, leaning against Steve’s side and loosley wrapping his arms around his muscular arm.
“Would you consider at least one dance tonight with me? The music is nice, and we all seem to be happy.” Steve’s eyes softened, their gorgeous blue color captivating Tony as he looked up at the alpha.
Bucky hardly got the car parked before Tony was out and heading inside, slipping on some ice that made him lose his balance just briefly before he regained control and returned to his hurried pace. The omega ignored Bucky calling for him to slow down, because Steve was close! Steve was back in London and they could physically hold each other again, go on a proper date, spend New Year's Eve together and bring in 1944 the right way. With his thoughts running wild, Tony completely ignored everyone who spoke to him, including his own father who had gotten upset upon seeing his son away from the apartment. Tony didn’t stop looking around until finally, he saw Steve, facing away from him and hunched over a map,
“If they’re anything like me, they just want to make the world a better place. No bullies, no hate, just people getting along, and I need to show them that’s what I want too. If they don’t see that, they won’t join.”
Stepping back, Tony opened his eyes and looked up at the blond. “We should probably head out for the night…”
And perhaps, his Little Bitsy would be waiting for him on the other side, playing with their grandparents with a huge smile on their face.
“I might take a look. The things you create blow me away every time I see them in action.” Howard smiled and pushed back the blankets to reveal the arc reactor. He tapped in a couple times. “This thing is beyond amazing, Tony. You’re beyond amazing, and I’m so proud to have you as my son… I’m sorry for every time I put you down in the past. I know I’ve not been the greatest father, but I promise to change that as best as I can. We can work on projects together as soon as you’re healed up, and as long as nothing is harmful to the baby, we can work on those projects until the pregnancy keeps you bedridden.”
“Your aunts do have a… specific style,” Maria agreed. “But I agree that we need to get you some clothes that you like. We don’t want you looking underwhelming for your alpha, now do we?”
As the rain poured and Steve drew, Tony leaned against the alpha, closing his eyes and taking in the blond's scent. It was calming as his heat approached. Any day now it would happen, a short period of pre-heat happening, warning him that he had roughly an hour to prepare before he would basically lose himself to his needs. Tony hated it honestly. Then again, so did most modern omegas. None of them ever said they always looked forward to their heats, even if they were wanting families or just wanted to have a good time with their alphas. Heats sucked, plain as that.
“Hope you can manage to stay on Rainbow Road with me in your lap, because I’m not moving.” Tony said with a wiggle.
Leading who was left of the assault team, Tony, pulled the rifle closer to himself, listening for clues of struggle. All he could hear, all he could smell was gun power and, honestly? Death. He coughed again, then gagged, and then he heaved up whatever had been in his stomach, because being blown away by the explosion had not only hurt him, but it upset his stomach as well. He brushed it off as just being tossed around too hard.
“I have to go find Bucky,” he said after a pause. “I know you want me to stay here with you, and even more so now that you’re going into heat. I… I want to protect you, but the best thing for you to do is stay here and wait for me to get back. If you go with me, you’ll be a liability. I hate saying that, but it’s the truth.”
Steve looked at Fury and sighed. “I’ve been awake for almost an hour now, and I still don’t have an answer on where my omega is.”
"I prefer Captain Hydra now." The blond smirked as he ran a hand down Tony chest, fingers brushing over his nipples.
“Hey Steve.” James Rhodes’ voice responded with a laugh, “You do realize I called your personal phone number you gave me, right? I would have been confused if it wasn’t you who picked up. Like, shit, man, the guy gave me a fake number and I wasn’t even trying to get a date out of him when we met at the veteran's pub.” he joked.
"You don't think he deserves a dance anyways, especially since you have danced with Tony all night?" The assistant asked.
“I had an appointment with Miss Potts,” Steve explained. “I’m the artist she contacted about a mural.”
Slowly, the three made their way to the back of Howard’s home office. The vile of serum sat waiting on the desk, its blue tint cold and unforgiving. It almost felt threatening, but it held so much promise in it that Tony was counting on it working.The door to the closet and the machine both were open, just waiting for the lone occupant to enter for a slumber that would last over a hundred years if it needed to.
“Okay, you can rest then. I won’t make you do more than you can handle.” Howard stood up and took Tony’s bowl, then he gave his son a small kiss on the forehead. “I’ll leave your water in here for you to drink.”
“It ended last night,” Tony said as he hugged his mother back. “To be honest, I don’t remember much of it. It’s all kind of a haze.”
“I mean like, anything. If you like the idea of me dressing up as something for you, then I’ll do that, or suck you off, or—well, anything really. Makes me feel a little less selfish and spoiled…”
“You need to get medical attention,” Peggy said, as firmly as she could, but try as she may, she couldn’t force Tony to do anything but walk forward, not after he had lost the love of his life. Trying to talk to Tony was like talking to a brick wall. Instead of going to the medical bay of the base, Tony pulled away from Peggy, stumbling around with expressionless eyes and finding a spot to hide away and grieve.
Thanksgiving at the Stark manor turned into a somewhat large party, the home filled with the smells of spices and alcohol galore. Several relatives attended, as did friends and former co-workers. Much activity buzzed through the manor, and Jarvis has his hands full with accommodating guests, but thankfully he had the help of other servants from various other households that attended the party, so he wasn’t completely overworked. He was happiest working and away from most of the drunken guests anyways.
“Okay, well you knew I started going on tour with Steve. Of course I started developing feelings for him, and him for me. Kinda knew that was coming. But after one of his last shows in the US, he told me he was going overseas to do some shows, pump up the troops, you know. I told him I wasn’t going to let him leave me behind, not after he took me on a date and kissed me in the rain.”
"Nah, I'll be fine. A little rain never hurt anyone. Except the wicked witch of the West, of course."
“Well when this war is over, and we get married and move into a house together, I’ll let you have the garage as a workshop, so you can work on whatever projects you want.”
"Well, at least you're out here where you wanted to be in the first place. It's not so glamorous, but war never is."
Tony just sighed, closing his eyes as the blond reached a hand down to run his fingers through dark hair.
“Well… It looks like you made clean incisions. Not quite as good as a practiced hand, but remarkably well. If he hasn’t lost too much blood yet, he may survive.” The medic crouched down and felt for Tony’s pulse, pleased to find that it was steady and normal. “From what’s on the floor, I don’t think he passed out from blood loss. Was he passed out when you got to him?”
The night the suit was finished, most of the Howling commandos, Steve, and Peggy were watching Tony work. The reactor was having its finishing touches being worked on late into the night, and when it was finally finished, it lit up with a blue glow that filled the darkened lab. Everyone was in awe of the reactor, something that looked like it didn’t belong in the 1940’s. Tony held it up and admired his work, silently apologizing to his dad for completing the reactor first.
“Great! I’ll text you my address. Don’t worry about bringing anything, I won a bet and tonight’s being funded by my friend, Tones, which means he’s bringing the good pizza and not just the Hot and Ready stuff.”
"I'm going to go before this gets too far," Fury interjected after clearing his throat. "When you're ready to leave for Malibu, go down to the lobby and let the receptionist know you're ready."
Tony leaned against Steve, snuggling in as best he could in the back seat of the limo while in their suits.
Tony seemed to be happy with that. He snuggled up close to Steve and took in his sharp alpha scent. His sigh was a happy one, and as he relaxed, he eventually fell into a deep sleep that he hadn’t gotten the luxury of for a long time. With Steve next to him, Tony was safe. Tony would be well taken care of, and that was perfect to him. In his sleep, he dreamed of the perfect life he would have with Steve after the war ended. Starting a family, getting married, it all sounded so nice, and he wasn’t usually one to settle for typical alpha and omega family fantasies. It was just that in his moment of being in heat, having several strong blond alpha pups sounded so good, and maybe one day, his dream would come true.
The rest of the day was spent eating, listening to music in the parlor, and sharing stories from childhood. It was a relaxing day in the manor, which in turn caused a wave of sleepiness to wash over the four occupants. Steve and Tony retired to their room to clean up and to cuddle in bed until they grew too tired to keep their eyes open any longer. They admired their rings together and talked of future plans for a wedding. All the positive talk made the two forget entirely of the war and all evil that came with it. There was no need to talk of the bad, and the couple was very much okay with that.
“Other than my back still hurting, I feel okay,” Tony replied, smiling at his mother.  “Thanks for taking care of me… I thought I could just take care of myself like I’ve done before.”
Steve charged towards the agents surrounding Tony, baring his teeth and growling. The Hydra agents all turned their attention to the captain, allowing Tony to bend his knees and build up strength to help him jump. As soon as Steve was next to the agents, Tony jumped straight up, pulling out the pin in the grenade. He tossed it down to where he had been standing seconds before, and then he felt  himself be caught by Steve, the captain having jumped over the agents as soon as he had seen Tony jump. They landed on the barrel of the gun on the tank nearby right as the grenade went off, the agents crying out and falling to the ground below them.
“Jesus, Peggy it’s freezing out here,” Tony complained as the agent put her shoes back on. “I hope you have a car or something because I’m not walking my ass all the way to your apartment.”
Steve chuckled lightly. “I mean… if I am allowed to say, I did let my eyes wander a bit while in the lab…”
"There's no need to apologize," Steve said, wrapping his arms around Tony. "What's important is that you're away from bad people, and I'm here now to keep you safe."
“Fine isn’t good enough—hand me my soldering iron.” a hand appeared, outstretched and wiggling impatiently.
As soon as Steve started thrusting into Tony, the omega was a moaning mess that could barely keep his hips up in the air. His stomach churned with excitement at the feeling of how deep the alpha was already reaching. It was so deep that tony was seeing stars with every thrust back inside of him. The intensity of each thrust was enough to make Tony’s eyes water more. He was loving taking Steve’s cock as far as the alpha wanted, and Tony was pretty sure this was the best he had ever felt in his entire life. There wasn’t a single moment that was better than sharing a heat with his alpha in rut.
There was a silence that filled the broken building, just the sounds of the wind and faint creaking as Tony walked around on the other side of the ruins. Steve didn’t seem to notice anything but the wind, looking down at the table when Peggy spoke again.
“Right, come here then.” She gestured her hand for Tony to follow back to her bedroom closet. Surprisingly, it wasn’t full of dresses and military uniforms like Tony had thought it would be. In fact, there were several pairs of pants in the closet, none of which looked like they had been worn for a while.
The alpha nodded. "Yes, with a few modern additions to it. I'm sure you'll still feel at home. That's where we've prepared you two to live anyways. Besides, the manor is legally in your name now, Mr. Stark, thanks to your father's will."
“Well… I was looking for you after everyone returned from the mission… and when I found you on the floor when you just passed out, I… well, I saved you, Tony.” Howard put his hand gently on the arc reactor embedded in his son’s chest. “I had to save you…”
“I’m sure you’ll at least want to hold him.” Looking over her shoulder, Peggy saw the shadow of Tony’s figure cast across the door frame to the room she and Steve were in. She cleared her throat and smiled when the omega came into view.
“I couldn’t care less about Tony’s money or fame,” Steve said. “I like Tony, he makes me happy, and I like when he watches me paint. I may just be a simple artist, but that doesn’t mean that I’m desperate to get some money. Tony is sweet and kind, and I love that about him.”
Howard had returned home the evening before after securing the glowing cube he’d found, and got to work on trying to calculate where the rest of the aircraft could have ended up--where Steve had landed. He hadn’t gone to bed at all, and Maria knew her husband was starting to obsess. So she made him a mug of coffee, just the way he liked it, and brought it over to him, setting it on the desk in front of him with a worried frown.
Tony nodded and fumbled to find his wallet, which he had not taken into the gala with him. “Ah, found the money access thing!” he said, holding it up.
"Well, it's far from that anymore." Steve pulled his hips back slightly, then pushed himself back into tony slowly. "As you can clearly tell, I'm sure."
Howard picked up a bigger knife and sawed through muscle and a little bone to make enough room. He hoped that Tony’s body would welcome the intrusion and help keep his heart safe, but the longer he worked, the more worried he became. There wasn’t really anything to put against the cut muscle and bone, except maybe the metal casing around the arc reactor, which would help at least keep the blood out of the reactor. If it worked, that is.
“I will, I promise. I’m sorry about what I said earlier, accusing you of cheating on me. I panicked because you saw me with the private.”
“Colonel?” Peggy tilted her head in the briefing room as Colonel Phillips filled in the situation to some of the agents and local political figures. Steve was right behind her, glancing around the room and seeing Howard working on the submarine that the Hydra agent had attempted to escape in.
Steve stayed quiet for a bit while they danced, holding Tony close and smiling. When he spoke up again, it was to comment about the music.
Travelling along more hallways, Tony, Peggy, and the soldiers they took with them trampled down many Hydra agents. Of course some of the soldiers perished against the firepower of the ray guns that just seemed to vaporize the poor men like they were made of nothing more than dust. Down a specific hallway, Tony’s ears caught the familiar sound of Steve’s shield colliding with metal, and that made his heart race just a little bit until the next thing he heard sounded like an uncontrollable blaze of fire. Tony went into a dead sprint towards the source, Peggy trailing behind him with her gun raised and ready to shoot.
Steve kept going even after the omega had reached his orgasm, thrusting as deep as he could before his knot started to inflate, making it harder to make full deep thrusts. His knot caught a few times on Tony’s hole before it stuck inside, and the alpha let out a loud growl right next to Tony’s ear, powering to his orgasm with rough half-thrusts while locked tight in the omega. He came deep and fast, wrapping his arms around Tony’s waist while his teeth nearly ached to bite down on the omega’s neck.
Laughing, the Hydra agents surrounding Tony stepped closer and readied their guns, which made Tony fall back slightly into his usual omega nature. He shook and frantically glanced over to Steve.
Standing just outside the room, Peggy and Phillips watched the broken omega cry out for his alpha. Peggy couldn’t help her own tears from falling, putting a hand against her lips as she silently cried. She felt guilty for only moments before getting upset at Tony for fighting while pregnant, and now that baby was the only thing Tony had left that was wholly Steve.
The omega preened while letting out a soft moan. Yup, Steve was definitely bigger than other alphas he’s had. The alpha wasn’t even half way inside him yet, and he was feeling his hole slicken like he was going into heat.
Tony landed a punch to yet another Hydra agent’s face with a growl, then shot them until they stopped moving. The growling stuck until the assault team soldiers blasted through the hangar door nearby, and Tony rushed to enter with them. Inside was chaos, soldiers fighting agents, agents getting shot down, soldiers evaporating into nothingness. But all the fighting was expected. What wasn’t expected was the gigantic plane that was speeding away down the runway that had been built into the hangar, and chasing after it, as fast as his legs  could carry him, was Steve, sprinting like his life depended on it. Still, even he was not fast enough to catch up to the plane, and both Tony and Peggy could see that.
Sam rolled his eyes, “Tony asked him out on a date right before you arrived. I think ‘boyfriend’ is a bit strong of a word to use so soon. At least wait until after the date when you have a better idea at dating compatibility.” he shook his head, “Bruce, this is Steve Rogers, a friend I met at the Veteran’s pub. He’s an artist who recently moved to Brooklyn. Steve, this is Doctor Bruce Banner, biochemist and nuclear physicist with Stark Industries.
“They’re dead. I told you, I’m name-brand. If I wasn’t an omega I would be heading my family’s business instead of waving my body for drunken alphas.” he held the door open for the alpha and gestured inside, “Make yourself comfortable, mister drunken alpha.”
Tony tried really hard not to break down crying again, he really did, but he was in so much emotional pain that he couldn’t help the fresh tears from rolling down his face.
“I was forced to walk up three flights of steps, Steve! Who’s your land lord? I need to talk to them about meeting me fix and upgrade the thing!” Tony whined before taking off his sun glasses and smiling, “But the view up here is totally worth the climb. Wow, you clean up nice, Rogers.”
“Of course, why not? I won’t complain or change the station if I hear something I don’t like.” Steve gestured to the radio. “You’re in charge, Mr. Stark.”
“It’s rare, but when we got a day off that didn’t include suffering a heat alone, we got to go out and do some shopping or any other approved for omegas activities. Being out meant we would get to get our own food that day and not have to eat the strict healthy diets that the boss fed us the rest of the time.” Tony explained, “I get so tired of chicken salad and tomato soup… Would it be so hard to give us a nice donut once in a while?”
This is the longest chapter in this fic, and there's not a lot of fluff in it lmao. We're only getting started with the angst here!
Sending a hard glare at his father, Tony shifted in the bed and whined a little, the pain in his side growing worse the more he moved. “You can’t feel... this pain right now. It fucking hurts!”
Steve looked up from the papers, and if his eyes could have changed color with his anger, they would have. “That’s exactly what we’re going to do.”
Steve made a few little thrusts to urge Tony to cum again, smirking as he did so. “Do it for me, doll. Cum on my knot.”
“I won’t,” Tony promised, smiling enough that the skin around his eyes crinkled enough so Peggy knew he was smiling.
“More than presentable,” she replied with a smile, slipping into a pair of heels that better matched her dress. “Come on, coats are by the door. We’ve got a bar to go to.”
Tony watched almost sadly as Steve got back into the taxi and waved at him as the car left. There was a sort of ache in his heart. Tony knew what it was. By all technical terms, Steve was Tony’s alpha, and when a bonded alpha and omega pair were separated, there would always be a pang of loneliness. Steve nor Tony had marked each other, but they had spent a heat together, and that by modern standards meant they were bonded. Tony and Steve had both accepted that, and they both understood that they wouldn’t always be with each other until the war was over. Steve would go places that Tony couldn’t follow, and Tony understood that. It just always hurt to see him go though.
"Sure, but we've got a few more things for you two to do before you get settled into modern life again. And that includes a flight out to Malibu. Surely you'd be okay with that."
Tony kept tripping over his feet, his heart beating so incredibly fast in his chest. “Give me my pills back!” He reached out, just barely touching the bottle before his father pushed him away. He was starting to panic.
Eventually Steve was worked up to a quick pace, thrusting about as deep as he could without hurting Tony, though the omega did mention wanting to not be able to walk away from their encounter. Steve ducked his head down into Tony’s neck and made up his mind to give the omega what he truly wanted, pushing deeper and moving faster as be absolutely shattered the omega’s ability to think straight.
A knock came from the door to the apartment, which Tony heard his father go to open. Tony quickly threw on some eyeliner and grabbed his coat before exiting his room, greeting Steve with a smile. “Captain Rogers.”
"If you really want to go home, sure. I don't want you to feel worse than you already do." Steve leaned in to nuzzle Tony and croon slightly. "We can go tell Pepper what happened before we go, so she isn't disappointed."
Peggy sighed. “Yes, I did. If you’re sure you feel up to seeing him… he can come in after the nurse is done.”
After dinner was finished, Jarvis returned and told both Starks to go on to bed, that he would clean everything up. Maria thanked their butler before going with Tony to his room to help him unpack, despite him telling her she didn’t really need to help. She had stayed up long enough waiting and worrying over her son anyways.
“Yeah… I’ll have to think on it.” Tony shrugged, then he yawned. “I’m tired right now, so I’m gonna grab those crackers and hit the hay. Thanks for drinking with me, Jarvis.”
Several agents were suddenly surrounding the two, all with hands on their guns clipped to their belt. That only made Steve more upset, and he growled at them, trying to make himself look as big as possible.
Tony bit his bottom lip, closing his eyes as his body shook with silent sobs. “This won’t be fixed easily, you know…”
“Hydra’s goal is to change society for the better, and unfortunately some people don’t see that. When Hydra rises, they will be punished accordingly, and omegas will rise through the ranks equivalent to alphas. Equality for all omegas is a top priority.” Steve smiled and tilted his head to the side. “So what do you say, Tony?”
Tony had been looking at the floor, focusing on walking, but when he heard the new person come into the room, he looked up, and his eyes were almost instantly filling with tears. He slowly pulled away from the nurses, walking on his own over to the alpha who stood crying in front of him. A sob escaped Tony’s throat, and then he was throwing himself at Steve and letting out all his tears. His feet left the ground as Steve picked him up, and his legs wrapped around the alpha’s torso.
“That’s okay, let’s clean up your room a bit, and then we’ll get you something you want to eat.” Maria hugged Tony again, this time with a smile, and she entered her son’s room, Tony leading her in. Most of the foods that Tony hadn’t eaten, he had thrown away, but there were some plates with food on them still that looked like they hadn’t been touched in a while.
Maria spotted Tony exiting the store and smiled at her son, happy to see him with a large bag full of items. “Looks like you were successful in there.”
“I have to agree with you on this one,” the blond said. “Some quiet before the storm is always nice, but you know things are going to get bad soon.”
Tony was damned to hell for sure. He felt Steve rumble with his growl, and the moan he produced from feeling that would have put most other omegas to shame. He wasn’t usually this vocal during a heat, but Steve brought out something in him that had waited some 25 odd long years to awaken.
A pleased sound came from the alpha’s throat, which was a noise he hadn’t made yet during his time with Tony. He was dropping his alpha act by just a little, but he was still very much in control of the situation. “Perfect omega,” he muttered as he yet again picked up the pace.
Maria smiled and hugged her son once more. Pulling back, she had a new sparkle in her eyes. “Well now, since you’re up and about, how about we make breakfast together?”
"It's fine, Steve, I was just lost in thought. It's not your fault." The omega pushed away from the mirror to look up at Steve. "Did your show go well like normal?"
“It still hurts like it happened yesterday,” Tony choked out. “I never got to know the gender of the baby, but I miss them so much, Steve.”
himself directly involved, but he kind of was. His father was over in Europe trying to take the fight to Hydra, Peggy was doing the same thing, and Steve was here acting like a war hero for war bonds. Three major people in his life were directly involved in the war, and he wanted so bad to be involved as well. Help his dad build something, help Peggy track down targets, help Mr. Captain America himself punch Nazis in the face. Just doing his part to help in the war! It wasn't helping his peace of mind, but at least he was around one of his closest friends now.
“You’re hardly involved. You’re simply the omega that stays by Captain America’s side. You’re like those bombshell omegas they paint on the sides of planes and on Coke ads, you’re not really doing anything but making the soldiers happy when they look at you.”
“I will if everyone else thinks you can do this. I’ll need proof before I think you’re ready though.”
"Hydra is always looking for new tech. We'd take whatever you'd have to offer us, plus we'd give you your own work space to make sure you'd have everything you need. And no I'm not just saying this to get you to join Hydra. I speak the truth, Tony."
Tony lead Steve over to where his two closest friends were, pausing along the way only to take two flutes of champagne from a waiter’s tray, handing one to Steve and sipping his own.
Steve shrugged, glancing at Peggy and noticing she was talking to Bucky. He smiled and looked back down at Tony. “Well, Peggy made a sacrifice for us to get to dance together. What do you say?”
Tony didn’t know how long he had his eyes closed for, because the next thing he knew Peggy was tapping his shoulder and holding a finger up to her lips, indicating for the omega to keep quiet. He looked around with wide eyes as he woke up, seeing his father’s back turned to them. Looking back at Peggy, he shook his head with a questioning expression.
A couple days passed, no call from Steve, no call from Howard, and the days were long and tiring to the omega hidden away in his own tent. He wondered once more if he might ever see Steve again. Nothing was comforting to him anymore, not even the scent or the dog tags. Tony was miserable and lonely He began to believe that Steve had been killed in action, and the more he believed that, the more lonely he got. He even cried several times, believing that his alpha was really dead and wasn’t ever coming back. Tony clung tightly to every article of clothing that belonged to Steve. Nothing could make him feel better except for knowing that Steve was still alive and was coming back. More lonely and painful nights resulted in fitful sleep, until Tony continued to exhaust himself enough to just give in and pass out. There seemed to be no end to his suffering. He was going to return home with the tags of an alpha he had grown to love and never got to say it.
“I don’t have to know to support Tony’s decision.You’re the one who needs to think about what you actually support, because saying you support omega rights and then telling your son to stay home is really contradictory.” Peggy huffed.
Sitting up straighter, Howard's eyes widened. "Holy shit, Tony was fighting while pregnant! And he didn't think to tell anyone?!"
Steve smirked back, leaning into the touch. "The hell I can't. I pay very high for the omegas I satisfy."
“Yeah, sure, old war hero alpha who died in a plane crash or something.” Tony shrugged, “My parents sent me to a hoity-toity private school for omegas. We touched on the basics of history.”
"Captain Rogers," an agent greeted the blond as they walked up. "Colonel Phillips is arriving. You and Agent Carter are to meet him."
The whole time Tony was talking to Clint, Steve's eyes had followed the brunet. He really wanted some time alone with that omega, but he didn't find the need to get up and catch Tony's attention. So Steve remained seated and kept watching, letting out a low growl when the omega wandered around close by.
The omega couldn’t stop the sobs that ripped from his throat suddenly. There was a sense of closure as the father wrapped  his arms around his son for the first time in a very long time and hugged him tight, protectively, safely. After learning the news about Steve, Howard knew that Tony needed support in whatever way he could get it. Howard wasn’t so cruel to let his son suffer after losing his alpha.
stay with Steve. Tony wasn't about to go back to the apartment he and his father had been sharing.There was no way in hell he was going to spend his coming heat under the watch of Howard. Besides, spending as much time as possible with Steve before he had to go back home was a top priority.
“Alpha… god, I’m close again,” Tony whined, squeezing his eyes shut, and then a few seconds later he cried out and spilled his orgasm onto the sheets at the bottom of the nest.
Standing up from his seat and walking over towards his father, Tony shoved the design papers into Howard's hands then grabbed a nearby pistol and shot at Steve. He didn't have the intent to kill, but shooting did make him feel better.
“Just to be sure,” Steve said. “You’re doing this to help in the war, not just to be by my side for the rest of it?”
Howard sighed as he crossed his arms. “If you had stayed home like we told you to, you wouldn’t be worrying about bandages around your chest. Besides, the doctors put those on, so they should be helping you.”
No one had a clue of when disaster would strike. With Tony’s physical and mental health in decline, he had little chance of preventing what was to come.
Tony blushed as Steve’s hands rested on his hips. The omega leaned forward, cupping Steve’s dirty face in his hands and kissing him gently. Despite his growing need, Tony was also glad to simply have his alpha back. It was a tender moment, all touches light and almost hesitant. Almost like Steve was scared to hurt Tony if he grabbed too hard.
And he had every intention of continuing until he found the alpha. He wasn’t blind. He could see how the loss and lack of closure was affecting his son. He noticed how little his boy managed to eat, the bags under his eyes, the pale color to his skin. Losing Steve was actively hurting Tony, and it was all Howard could do to try and find whatever was left of Steve Rogers. Even if it was just a body, it could give Tony a sense of closure, enough where he’d start regaining his health.
The alpha then gave his few gifts to Maria and Jarvis, thanking them for being so welcoming and nice to him. He had truly felt like part of the family the past few months he had spent in the Stark manor, and it made him happier than he had been since his own mother passed away. It felt good to be a family member again.
Tony soon fell asleep with the faint scent of his alpha surrounding him. A calm washed over him as he slept. His dreams were surprisingly nice, visions of reuniting with Steve after being gone for so long, scenes of Steve meeting their child for the first time, though grown up quite a bit. Tony’s mind was put at ease, as if Steve’s spirit was soothing the omega and telling him that everything was going to be alright. In his dreams, Tony was happier than he had ever been, and each new scene he experienced put him in a more relaxed state until he no longer had any dreams, and he was left in a deep sleep for the rest of the day and well into the night.
He pulled his choice off the rack and rubbed the sleeve of it to his cheek before looking up at Steve, “Now you.”
“It’s a way I can serve the country like I wanted to,” Steve explained. “I can do my part here while they go over to London.”
"Sure," Pepper sighed. "Please, let us enjoy the party, and we'll be sure to stay out of your way so you can make big deals with people."
“Great.” She pulled out the basic NDA and passed it over to Steve to read over and sign. There was also a post it note with a large sum written on it. “This is also our offer for this project. We’d pay you half once all paperwork is signed, and then the rest once you have finished.”
"Yes, but it's also the organization I stand with and work for. Hydra will rise to start it's new world order, and nothing can stop it from happening." Steve sat back with a smile. "But for now, we don't have to worry about that. I don't need to bore you with information the public isn't supposed to know."
Several more soldiers were suddenly vaporized around Tony, and he raised his rifle, shooting at his targets preventing them from getting up again. He still hurt a bit, but his rise in adrenaline helped to block the pain, and he charged forward, shooting Hydra agents left and right until their path was clear once more.
“Of course. Here’s a few projects that are likely to inspire your artistic endeavors for this commission, Mr. Rogers.” JARVIS said as files suddenly opened in a projection over the table.
“They look like they’ve been through hell,” he said, almost in a whisper. He closed his eyes when Steve wrapped an arm around him.
The two fell silent again as they went on watching the party from the corner. At one point, Tony stepped closer to Steve when a slower song came on, swaying his hips gently to the beat as he watched his parents once more. They looked so happy together, but Tony couldn’t help but scowl when his father smiled. He hadn’t forgiven what the man had done to him as soon as the Howling Commandos had gotten back from Czechoslovakia. Taking away a freedom that Steve had given him was almost unforgivable.
“Steve, then.” Tony reached behind himself to rub his fingers over Steve’s cock, “You feel larger than others I’ve had...I want to see if your knot is big enough to erase all memory of any other knot I’ve had from my sopping hole.”
“Yeah, Nicholas helped me out quite a bit in there. He’s one of the employees.” Tony smiled back as he started walking the halls of the mall once more.
“Hard to say. There might be new stuff for me, but maybe not for you.” Tony shrugged. War was tough, especially on shipments of many goods. New clothing styles were a luxury, and many people simply made do with what they already had. However, the demand for omega clothing had never been higher, especially when many were mated to alphas who were off at war. Omegas demanded new clothes almost on the daily just so they would have things to keep their alphas happy and entertained when sending photographs in their letters.
“Let's go home, Happy.” he said, digging a massive candy bar out of one of the bags to hand to his driver.
Bucky shrugged. “Haven’t found the right partner yet. But you have absolutely no need to tell me to get an omega when you’ve got your own to worry about. And don’t argue with me on this, because I know how badly you two want to get a room and just go at it.”
“I was just wondering if you were free tonight. I’m having a couple of friends over to play cards and maybe some Mario Cart as well. I thought you could probably use some more friends since you’re new to the area, and this would be a good opportunity. Plus there’ll be beer.”
"Yeah, I have to be back at the base in the morning. Plus your dad is probably wondering where you are."
“Only this week he’s been sick,” Maria responded, but a noise of opposition came from the bathroom. “Is that not right, Tony?”
A few days passed by with Tony getting enough to eat and building up his strength again, but after the fourth day of good habits, the omega was ensnared by his fears and anxieties once again, spiraling into a full blown anxiety attack that left Tony nearly screeching hysterically and hyperventilating so quickly that he got lightheaded and nearly passed out several times. Accompanying the severe anxiety attack came reminders of the war and the last moments Tony had with Steve, the last words he had heard the blond speak, the fear of losing his lover for good, the panic of being left behind in the world, alone and without someone to protect him and his baby. The attack had Tony bedridden afterwards, and the doctor returned with grim news that hardly anything could have been done to save the baby at that point.
The omega jumped a little, being dragged away from his thoughts. “Mom… sorry, I was just fixing my nest…”
“A beta? Really? This cock had been a basic no-knot beta dick?” Tony wiggled on the cock slightly, “...I’ve never had a beta cock in me before...let alone one with a magic alpha upgrade.”
“He was attempting to use spare computer parts to rig up a way for us to reheat food since our microwave mysteriously disappeared a few days earlier—which I still think was Tony cannibalizing it for parts to build Dum-E.”
“Well, you still look amazing, especially in this outfit, my goodness.” Maria smiled as she walked around her son, getting a good look at him. “Oh, I think Steve is going to love this a lot.”
Night was falling quickly, and Tony’s heat was only intensifying by the minute. Peggy tugged him back towards the camp. “Come on, we’ll get you your own tent set up close to the medical tent.”
“Tony, why are you filling me in about your love life?” Peggy asked, smiling. “I don’t need to know every detail of your relationship.”
Tony shrugged. “I don’t think I ever had a mind sound enough to even think of asking for more food. I think I barely got breaks between my waves of need to eat and drink. Hell, I don’t think I ever cleaned up until this morning, which was absolutely disgusting.”
A cool breeze blew through the trees as the Howling Commandos made their way through the woods. The ground was covered in a thin layer of dead leaves that hardly crunched as the group walked over them. Thankfully for them it was also a little foggy, the woods caught between winter and spring, which helped cover the Howling Commandos better than previous missions. As they got closer to the base, they could see more and more vehicles parked in the woods as opposed to next to the gates of the base.
“If you have any favorites in particular, you can mention them to J. He’ll add them to your play list. I’ll admit, I don’t know much about old music. My parents listened to it but I always listened to the modern stuff.”
Sighing, Tony stared at the tree he had put up with his father in their apartment. It was New Years Eve, and their tree was still up. It wasn’t a huge deal. He had offered to take it out while his father was at work all day, but Howard had shut that down quickly.
Tony mostly kept to himself as the days passed by. He merely laid in his bed and stared blankly at walls or the ceiling while talking to his baby. He would say how excited he was to meet the child and all they would do when they were growing up. But Tony had absolutely no clue what he was doing to his baby, and the refusal of food and the neglect to do something about his panic attacks were doing a number on both him and the baby.
The last day with his parents was perhaps one of the best days of his life. Maria and Jarvis had made him his favorite breakfast, and afterwards Howard and Tony tinkered with things until they got ready to go out into the city. They shopped and walked around some of the finer places in Los Angeles. The day was warm and sunny, and Tony got to show off his best outfit and sunglasses. Needless to say the Starks were looking as fine as ever on that precious day.
While the commandos hurried to extract information, Steve and Tony stayed back, keeping an eye on the trees in case other Hydra agents came for them. There were loads of words wanting to be spoken between the two, but they could wait until they got back to their little camp. For the time being they could exchange glances while they waited for the rest of the commandos. After a bit of waiting, the commandos returned with some papers in hand.
“Tonight’s lap dancer called in about an unexpected heat. Stone wants you to cover for her.” Clint admitted, his words causing Tony to huff out an unpleased sound.
“Wait, Peggy, you know I don’t like to get all dressed up like the other omegas,” Tony tried to argue while the agent was quite literally pushing him up the stairs.
“Yeah, I really made us wait for it, didn’t I?” Steve chuckled as he pulled Tony closer. “At least we’re out of the sight of your dad, so we don’t have to hold back as much.”
Howard swallowed and sat on the edge of the bed, seeing Peggy leave the room quickly out of the corner of his eye. She was probably running to get a nurse or doctor.
It took several tries but by the end of May, in the same week as Tony’s birthday, the finalized serum was complete. The closet in the back of Howard's home office was to be the location of the machine and the arc reactor, and was thus Tony’s place of rest. It was either going to be his life saver or his grave, and both options were options Tony was okay with. All he wanted was to be with Steve once more, in life or in death. Finally, he was getting his chance with this plan of his. His last day with his family was to be on his birthday, and when the clock would strike midnight of the next day, Tony would be given the serum and put into the machine to sleep until he could meet his mate again.
“I knew it wouldn’t, I just thought you might like a bottle… It looks like I won’t be around for Christmas this year and I still wanted to get you something, so…”
“Yes, my date. Not just for tonight, either. We’ve been courting properly. And no, I’m not going to dance with you if your plan is to hand me off to your boss because he’s actually the one wanting to dance with me, but he knows I’d sooner knee his groin than accept a dance invite from him.” Tony huffed.
A knock came on his bedroom door. “Tony, are you ready to go?” Maria asked as she poked her head in.
Steve leaned his head down close to Tony’s and spoke a few simple words, a smirk on his face as he knew exactly what he was doing to the omega by speaking. “Cum for me, omega.”
Tony was speechless for a minute. Steve was going to let him have his own workshop… and Steve wanted to marry him? An omega that was absolutely terrible at acting like one? That made Tony feel… well, how did he feel? He wasn’t sure. It was a mix of happiness and fear, and it was a mix that didn’t really settle well with Tony. He felt his heart rate rise a bit, but his odd feeling didn’t get in the way of him cracking a smile.
“For tonight, at least, it’s all yours, alpha.” Tony said, spreading his legs out wide and elevating his hips slightly so that his dripping hole was on display. “I’m all yours.”
Steve tilted his head as he looked the newcomer over. Though he was dirty, and small, he was actually… not that bad looking, though Steve didn't really recognize him until he remembered a recent magazine cover with Tony Stark on it. Blinking, he sat back a little.
Steve’s words faded into sobs as he and his omega hugged tightly. There didn’t need to be anymore words between the two in that moment. They understood their apologies and forgiveness. Steve and Tony didn’t have any care in the world at that point. They were finally back together again, after over 60 years of being apart, alpha and omega were reunited, and they had no intentions of parting again until one of them died at an old age.
“You sound so confident in my skills, I’m flattered,” Steve said with a smile, going through the door.
Steve sighed at the door, turning around to see Tony hugging himself. He looked distant, like his mind was somewhere far from reality, and it made Steve sad to see his omega so distressed.
“You and I are going to have a conversation later that you won’t enjoy,” Phillips said in a bored tone, clearly fed up with the way Steve was talking to him.
Tony wrapped his arms around Steve’s shoulders with a gentle sigh, mewling out little noises with each small thrust the alpha made. It was by no means at the level of intensity they had experienced during Tony’s last heat, but it was at the right level. It was love making in its true form, and it was blissful and wonderful and all the things Tony could come up with in his mind that was quickly being taken over by the mere presence of his alpha. He wasn’t going to have clear thoughts until well after Steve was finished.
Sighing, Tony smiled back. “You’re a pain. I hope you’re not like this when we go back to London, because we’d never get things done.”
“Ok, give me your coordinates and I’ll get you a safe landing site.” Tony started looking over the instruments around the radio as he spoke, hands shaking.
I apologize for this update going up late in the day, but it's here! Enjoy the angst and the unexpected surprise!
“I wonder why you might be cramping then.” Maria shrugged and picked up other plates and cups. “It’d be no fun if you got sick on top of not having Steve around. My poor baby…”
Steve sat in a chair across from what was most likely Miss Potts’ desk. He set  his portfolio to the side. “I do thank you for contacting me. I’ve been waiting for my big break for a while.”
“Alright, then I’ll hear from you in an hour or so.” The doctor bowed his head slightly before he left the room and left mother and son alone once more.
There was silence as the two gazed into each other’s eyes, a loving smile on the alpha’s lips as he pulled Tony into a tight hug. They stayed embraced for several minutes, Steve comforting Tony with soothing purrs and light kisses to the neck.
Somewhere deep in the pit of Steve’s being, he hurt for Tony, hearing those last words from Howard. No parent should ever be so cruel to speak those words, but Howard was either fed up with the rebellion against him or the war was getting to him. Either way, there was no excuse. Howards words had been spoken, and Steve was thankful Tony hadn’t been around to hear them. They would have hurt the omega too much to actually fight like he wanted to.
“I’m going to Europe after New York. They want me and the girls to perform for some of the soldiers over in Italy.”
