“”Great. I'm really an alright bloke you know. I'm not sure why you are being all defensive against me. I'm not out to hurt you or anything. Promise. And you know what they say, a baboon's promise lasts forever. JW”” John sent and chuckled to himself.
John stopped in his thoughts and chuckled to himself. Now he was making his plans
“Are you done with your little speech? If so, I want to see Sherlock… Please,” John simply answered and Mycroft frowned.
It didn't take long until a sleek black car pulled up by the street, Sherlock moving to the door and opening it up for John. The driver quickly stepped out, looking rather well dressed and butler-y. “May I take your bag sir?” He said and John frowned. Sir? He was as far away from a sir as he possibly could be. “Oh, uhm, I suppose.” John said and gave the driver the duffle bag, the man quickly grabbing it and walking over to put it in the trunk. Sherlock nodded to the door he was holding up and John gently got inside. It was, without a doubt, the nicest car he had ever been in, and he looked around himself in awe. Sherlock walked to the other side and got inside as well, instantly putting on his seat belt. “We're going to drop John Watson off first Daniel.” Sherlock said, motioning for John to put his seat belt on too. John nodded and quickly scrambled to get it on. The last car he was in didn't even have functioning seat belts in the back of the car. Daniel nodded and John gave him his adress before looking over at Sherlock with a shy smile. “This... This is nice.” John said and nodded. “I can see why you would prefer a ride home in this rather than the bus...” John murmured shyly and looked out the tinted window, gazing out into the bright lights shining through the London night. While John was busy looking out the window, Sherlock was busy looking at John. The rugby shirt was snug around John's muscles, and it showed him off in the most incredibly way. Sherlock shivered pleasantly, thinking back to how stupid he had been leaning his head onto John's shoulder. At least John hadn't been upset about it or pushed him away or anything. That was a plus. Suddenly John looked back and caught Sherlock looking at him. He smiled. “Are you staring at me?” He said softly with a chuckle. Sherlock quickly shook his head. “No- I- I thought I saw a-... a fly. Or something. Just wanted to make sure it wasn't a bee.” Sherlock said quickly and bit his lip. John frowned, though a smile was still playing on his lips. “I'm sure it was just a fly.” John said, but knew that Sherlock most likely had lied about that. “A bee would've been worse though.” He said with a nod. Sherlock shrugged. “I quite like bees. They are fascinating creatures. And some make honey and I do like honey as well.” Sherlock said and smiled up at John. John chuckled. “I don't think I've ever met a bloke fascinated with bees before.” He said and shook his head fondly. Sherlock blushed and looked down a bit. John reached over and put a hand on Sherlock's shoulder. “But, I'm glad to have met one now.” He said and Sherlock looked up quickly, a smile reappearing on his lips. “Want to hear some fun facts about bees?” Sherlock said eagerly and John nodded. “Go ahead, make me just as fascinated as you are.” John said and smiled.
“I’m not open to them,” John interrupted Mike swiftly. Mike furrowed his brows. John sighed. “I… I’m trying it out, okay? It’s… I don’t know if it’s for me yet but…” John glanced towards the kitchen. “This one is… Special. He’s… A special android he’s not like your worker androids or public androids. He’s… Been through some things. He’s not from the big company either. He’s from a smaller one. A less public one. In all honesty, I’m probably helping him more than he’s helping me,” John blurted out and Mike’s expression softened into a smile again. Ah. So that’s how John was convinced to take him in. Mike would play along of course. He nodded.
John turned on the light on his nighstand, a soft light spreading across the little room. Sherlock looked around curiously. It was... It was such a drastic difference to his own, big room. It wasn't really too cramped, but it sure didn't leave John much space to move around and do other things in his room. “It's cozy.” Sherlock decided with a soft smile after a little while, the warmth of the room very pleasant, and the whole room smelled like John. “Yeah, thanks. Why... Why are you grinning?” John asked and Sherlock realised he was still wearing that grin that Harry had evoked. Sherlock was able to turn his grin into a gentle smile. “Oh... Nothing. Just... nice to see your room that's all.” He said and John chuckled a little. “Well there's not much to see is it?” He said and moved to his bed, tossing some clothes down on the floor. “Sorry, if I knew you were coming I would've cleaned up a bit...” John murmured awkwardly and Sherlock shrugged. “It's alright John, I promise. My room can be quite a mess too sometimes.” He said and sat down on John's bed shyly. John's bed. He was sitting on John Watson's bed. And it was... so soft. He stroke the sheets gently, smiling a little to himself. Of course it had been nice to snuggle at Mike's place, but that was in Mike's bed, not John's. Entirely different, of course.
Harry was already digging into her breakfast by the time John came and handed Sherlock his plate. Harry was sitting in the armchair, leaving the sofa for Sherlock and John to sit in. Sherlock had already snuggled up in one corner of the sofa, taking the plate gratefully. “Thank you, it smells delicious.” Sherlock said to John and smiled brightly. John nodded, still deep in thought from what had been said only moments ago in the kitchen. “Mmm.” He responded before sitting down on the sofa himself, placing the plate on his lap. Sherlock tilted his head, looking curiously over at John. He could see the young man being very deep in thought, and he wondered what exactly it was that Sherlock was thinking. Of course he was pretty much a master of deduction by now, but he wasn't a mind reader. He scooted a little bit closer, laying his head down onto John's shoulder as he chewed on some eggs. John blushed deeply, but he didn't move out of the way. Harry couldn't help but smile to herself, turning on the telly as a sort of distraction for her brother so it wouldn't be all quiet and awkward. She put on some random game show, tilting her head as the contestants began answering questions.
Mike smiled a little. “”Well, the headache I have is something quite impressive, but otherwise my memory is fine thank you. I'll see you tomorrow then for class? MS””
When they were finished with their food, John had brought the dishes downstairs and Sherlock had prepared the bed so it would be nice and cozy for John's return. So far, they had just sort of /ended/ up in bed. But this time, they were /planning/ to end up in bed. Big difference. Huge difference. Sherlock made sure everything looked nice, pulling the blanket over himself a bit. When John returned, he too had thought about the plan to lay in bed from the moment he had left the room until now. It was stupid, really, because they had laid together in bed before. But this time it was different. Very different. But John didn't really know why. “You look... Cozy.” John said, rubbing his neck awkwardly when he'd entered the room again. Sherlock nodded, looking down at his legs. “Yes, very, just one thing missing.” He said but as soon as he had said it, he was bashing himself for it. How cheesy was that? Horribly cheesy, was the answer tot that question. John smiled though, so it must be alright. “Alright, I hope I can fill the missing piece of the puzzle.” John said and began walking towards the bed. He groaned in his mind. How cheesy was that? /Missing piece of the puzzle/? Who even says that? John shook it off quickly though, Sherlock was smiling so it all seemed fine. He crawled up onto the bed and under the blanket, slowly nuzzling close until both their shoulders were brushing. But nothing else. John didn't make the first move to wrap his arms around Sherlock, and neither did he. Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Okay, this is silly. We've held each other before and I want you to hold me now while we watch the movie.” Sherlock said suddenly, firmly. He had no clue where that had come from, but he wasn't going to be dilly-dallying with John right now. He knew what he wanted and he would get it. He hoped. John was positively blushing now, his jaw dropped at first but the he chuckled and shook his head fondly. “My, we're very determined today aren't we?” He said and cupped Sherlock's cheek gently, holding his chin so he could look into Sherlock's eyes. “I'll hold you for as long as you'll have me here, /sweetie/.” John said huskily and let go of Sherlock's chin, wrapping both of his arms around Sherlock and pulling him close. Sherlock practically melted against John's body, his head falling down to rest at his shoulder, settling against him quickly. Sweetie. If he dwelled on that word for too long, he thought his heart was going to overflow with emotions. So far he had only been called 'cutie' by John, and it was perfect, but he loved any loving pet-name John would give him. He was John's sweetie. And cutie. Depending on what John felt like calling him in that moment. He was positively grinning now and he looked up at John shyly. “Thank you.” He said sweetly before nuzzling back against John's shoulder, his eyes fixed on the screen, a smile still playing on his lips.
“Alright, let’s go then,” John said and put the cloth down. Sherlock’s eyes widened and he did a little jump.
It didn't take much longer until Mrs. Holmes entered the room with a tray that could stand up on the bed, and on it were two big steaming mugs of tea and two big pieces of carrot cake. “There we are.” She cooed and smiled, glad the boys weren't so jittery and jumpy this time. “A dessert fit for a king and... king.” She said and giggled a little. John smiled. “Thank you Mrs. Holmes, it looks delicious.” John said as he eyed the giant dessert. Mrs. Holmes smiled and nodded. “Alright, just come downstairs if you need anything else.” She said and quickly headed for the door, closing it gently behind her.
John yawned, Harry's words fresh in his mind. He wasn't really sure what he would do about them yet, or what he felt, but he had decided to be more... accepting. And... open about things. “You don't have to curl up all the way on the other side of the bed you know...” John mumbled, shrugging. “You'll fall off the side if you do.” He said, just to have an excuse. Sherlock looked at John with wide eyes. Yes. Something had definitely changed. “Did you dream something special tonight?” Sherlock asked suddenly, inching just a little bit closer. John blushed and quickly shook his head. “No. Nope. Not what I remember at least.” John said and yawned once again. Sherlock nodded. So it wasn't a dream then... but it had to be something. “Did you manage to fall asleep soon after you told me you couldn't?” Sherlock asked, knowing there had to be something somewhere that had made an impact on John's behaviour.  John nodded. “Yeah, yeah after a bit... I fetched a glass of water and... and had a quick talk with Harry, but after that I fell asleep like a baby.” John murmured. Sherlock couldn't help but smile. Harry. John's sister. John's obviously lesbian sister had had a talk with John and now John was acting all sweet. God, he owed so much to John's sister after this. “That's nice.” Sherlock replied without saying anything else. He began to wonder what Harry had said to John, but he wouldn't press the matter of course.
Mike frowned as John stormed inside. “John? John what's going on?” He said as John slumped down beside him. “Fucking idiot.” He huffed, kicking the leg of a chair. Mike sighed. “I'm sorry I was really just trying to have a laugh and joke with him. I didn't think he would react that way, that /you/ would react that way.” Mike continued and bit his lip.
I'm sorry this chapter has taken so long to be published, I hope you're still with me!
So! Christmas is a stressful time, and I might not be on time with my uploads! But I hope everyone can find some peace and quiet, and that your holiday will be wonderful! Lots of love. <3 //NightOfFanfics
Sherlock sat down on the bed, reaching into his cardboard box and pulling out a sort of harddrive looking unit that plugged into the wall socket. On the side, it had grey letters which spelt the unit name “WallBox”. Not that imaginative, but descriptive enough to make humans understand how to use it. He plugged it in gently before lifting his shirt, running his fingers over the right side of his waist. He found the small divot where his finger sunk in just a little bit more than on other parts of his skin and he gave it a firm push. Most androids in public settings had loading chambers. They looked like clear coffins and it required them to do no preparations to load. Just stand in there for the night and the next day they would be fully charged. The ones that were supposed to be more accustomed to human settings, worked a bit differently. The small white box Sherlock had plugged into the wall started a soft whirring noise the moment he had pushed into the soft spot of his waist and a blue light turned on. It shone through his pale skin softly, and matched the colour of the blue light now shining through the white WallBox as well.
“I lied. Androids lie. Help me load John,” Sherlock interrupted harshly, his tinny voice not at all soft right now. John frowned, getting to his feet, holding a hand up at Ella.
“Do… Do I really have to call him SH3R-L06K? it’s quite a mouthful don’t you think?” John said with a crooked soft smile up at Ella who chuckled softly.
“Sherlock?” John said, running down the street. He frowned. “Are you... smoking?” He said, wrinkling his nose in disgust. “What's it to you?” Sherlock huffed, blowing out some smoke from the corner of his mouth. John shrugged. “Well first of all, it's very unflattering, second of all, I thought you were smart enough not to smoke, and thirdly, I don't want my clothes to smell like smoke because I will go through hell when I come home if they do.” John said firmly. Sherlock blushed a bit. He had forgotten he was wearing John's shirt. He quickly dropped the cigarette and stomped on it, turning around. “Sorry...” He murmured, looking at John. John sighed. “It's... It's alright just, I'm sorry for Mike's behaviour. And I really don't think that about you. So you have more money than the average bloke our age, so what? As long as you don't boast about it, which you don't, it shouldn't matter that you do. I'm fine with it alright?” John said, though it was a little bit of a white lie. Knowing how little he and his family had made him feel a pang of irritation and jealousy in his chest from Sherlock having more. Sherlock thought about what John said for a moment before nodding. “Except it does bother you. I can see it in your eyes John. I'm sorry that your money and family situation is not the best, but I would ask you to not take it out on me.” Sherlock said firmly. John frowned. “Excuse me? Take it out on you? Since when the fuck did I take it out on you?” John said, losing his temper since Sherlock was doing that person reading thing again, and stating something that just wasn't true. Sherlock swallowed. “Well you- well you haven't yet but you did call me a rich snob and push me that one time!” Sherlock argued. John let out a huff which was more like a sarcastic laugh. “Oh so that is the definition of taking it out on you then? Haven't I been treating you nice the whole bloody evening hmm? Haven't I stayed by your side this whole time huh? Haven't I given you my clothes so that you wouldn't be a mess after what happened?” John yelled. “I don't deserve this. I've only treated you with kindness and now you are pissed at me for something MIKE bloody said! Not me! I didn't say those things!” John argued. “But you do agree with them!” Sherlock yelled back. John huffed. “No I bloody don't! Stop telling me what I do and what I don't okay?! Yeah! So what if I'm a bit ticked off that you have more money than me and my family! So what Sherlock! I'm not holding it against you and you have no business thinking that you know what my personal life is like!” John yelled, his voice a bit broken. Sherlock looked at John, both of them panting from being upset and yelling. “Maybe... Maybe you should just go yeah? I think we're done here.” John said coldly and looked at Sherlock. Sherlock swallowed heavily. “I... John wait I-” “No I don't want to hear it Sherlock.” John interrupted him quickly. He turned around and started to walk back to the pizzeria. Sherlock looked down at his feet. He'd blown it, /again/. How did he manage to do that? They where having such a lovely time... Why did he have to get emotional? He knew deep inside that John probably was right, that he didn't agree with what Mike said nor that he would tease Sherlock for being wealthier, but his own instinct was to protect himself as soon as something felt wrong. “John! Your shirt-” Sherlock stuttered. “Keep it!” John yelled and waved, entering the pizzeria, slamming the door behind him.
“Oh I know! I should bring them something special, a treat, oh where is that cake we bought William? Please help me find it.” Mrs. Holmes tutted as she began going through the bags. “Oh those sweethearts! You should've seen them William, all cute and blushing, it was the most adorable thing I've ever seen-” She stopped herself when she heard someone clear their throat. John had just entered the kitchen, swaying on his feet. “Sherlock wanted me to bring us some more tea...” He murmured shyly, looking up at Sherlock's parents. Mrs. Holmes was red in the face, but both parents were smiling kindly. “Of course, but you don't need to do that. I'll take care of it luv, it's all fine.” She said and cleared her own throat. John nodded. “Okay... If you're sure...” John said and Mrs. Holmes nodded quickly and smiled. “Absolutely certain. You go back to Sherlock dear.” She said and couldn't resist cupping John's cheek just a little. She sighed. “Better get started on that tea love.” William spoke softly, to not let her make John too uncomfortable. Mrs. Holmes let go and quickly went to the kettle. “Yes, yes of course.” She said and John smiled, his cheeks even more red now. “Thank you so much... And uhm...” He bit his lip. “Sherlock means a lot to me... And well... I just wanted you to know that.” He said awkwardly, wanting to say something to Sherlock's parents about the whole thing. Both of them looked up at him and nodded, smiling. “We can tell John, and we're very happy.” Mr. Holmes said, knowing his wife was probably lost for words, or would have too many to say. Either one was a possibility. John smiled and nodded his head, so happy that Sherlock's parent liked him. He wasn't used to parents liking him, or even caring in the slightest. It felt warm and fuzzy and just... Perfect. “Right.” He said and turned around, starting to walk back to Sherlock's room.
“John, I-” “He's in here, sorry Sherlock.” Molly interrupted Sherlock, quickly opening the door. Sherlock flinched as Mycroft suddenly stormed into the bedroom, rushing straight for John and pulling him out of the bed and pushing him against the wall. “I told you to keep him safe!!” Mycroft yelled, banging John against the wall once more. John's eyes were wide with fear and he gripped at Mycroft's wrists, letting out a distressed whimper. “Myc-Mycroft I-” John stuttered, not even sure how the older brother knew anything about what had happened. “Mycroft stop it!” Sherlock yelled, getting out of bed and trying to pry his brother off of John. “Stay out of this little brother!” Mycroft growled, pushing Sherlock back onto the bed before gripping John tighter. “You had one job Watson! One job and you failed!” Mycroft yelled, many people standing in the doorway now, peering into the bedroom. Molly and Mike quickly tried to push them away, Mike entering the room and closing the door. “Alright lay off him mate this is John's birthday party yeah? And he tried his bloody best okay? He made him go away and leave Sherlock alone.” Mike tried. Mycroft looked back at him with a mean gaze. “This shouldn't have happened at all. He shouldn't have to make him leave Sherlock alone. He shouldn't have been that close to Sherlock in the first place!” Mycroft shouted, keeping his grip tight on John who was gasping for air. He was panicked, having flashbacks to his father hitting him. “Mycroft- Please- I didn't know- I came as soon as I could I protected Sherlock as quickly as I could Mycroft-” John rambled, Sherlock making another dash to try to make his brother let go. “I hate you!! Stop it now!!” He yelled, eventually able to make Mycroft back away. “You need to stop spying on me! You need to stop sending all your friends to spy on me! It's not fair! Me and John were having a lovely time and now you've ruined it all!!” Sherlock yelled, John gently sitting down on the floor, his breathing laboured. Mike rushed towards him, knowing what was going on. “Calm down, calm down it will be over soon. You've had panic attacks before, you know it will be over soon.” Mike said reassuringly, Sherlock's eyes filled with tears as he looked at his brother.
John entered the rather small house quietly, trying to make as little noise as possible since it was quite late for him to come home from school. He hurried to the kitchen, trying to see if there was any dinner left. He opened the fridge, sighing a little. A half piece of sasuage, some milk, butter, bacon, and some moldy lettuce. Wonderful. He rubbed his neck, deciding to make some toast instead and have some cereal, since that was pretty much all he could put together at this hour without having to leave the house and sneak back in. He moved around the kitchen quietly, preparing his “meal” before hurrying upstairs.
“No, power save mode. I don’t need to load…” Sherlock mumbled, looking over at the breakfast on the table. He sat down before saying another word, grabbing the cup of tea and cradling it in his hands. John smiled, sitting down as well and started to eat his breakfast.
Mycroft shrugged. “Well to my knowledge you are not interested in sports, neither are you likely to care about if your new school wins this game or not, and from what I can tell, you haven't made any friends that wants you to go either... unless...” Mycroft deduced quickly and looked at his brother. “Unless what?” Sherlock said, turning around, trying to confuse his brother's deductions. Mycroft smiled smugly. “Judging by your choice of clothing someone special is going to be there. You also received late night texts last night though those texts have not continued today. You don't seem very happy so you going there is rather unfortunate, or something important hangs on this decision. Back to the choice of clothing. Tight purple shirt, skinny jeans, you, brother dear, are looking to impress someone.” Mycroft finished. “God you're easy to deduce.” He said with a snort. Sherlock was positively blushing now, looking down at his outfit. He hadn't... Was he dressing to impress John? No... Not consciously at least. “So, who's the /lucky/ lady?” Mycroft said with a raised eyebrow and a firm gaze. “Or shall I say, /young man/?” He said, a smile tugging at the corner of his lip.
“We’ll be walking for quite a bit so I thought why not,” John muttered and Sherlock tilted his head.
Chapter 21 -  I'm the birthday boy
It was true that he wasn’t the most android friendly human around. He might have been to a few protests or two at the start when they were first introduced, but he would never
“It’s the access point to my battery port, essentially,” Sherlock nodded. “There’s a soft spot where you can push and it activates the communication with the box you hurt your foot on, causing the loading cycle to start,” Sherlock said before pulling down his shirt. “I can teach you more about it later,” Sherlock said, watching as John’s hand still hovered halfway towards touching the blue light. John nodded, quickly moving his hovering hand to the back of his neck.
(See the end of the chapter for
John smiled to himself. See? This was a bloody large step if he might say so himself. He was holding Sherlock and he was holding him very close. He had decided, in his mind of course, that if Sherlock was just Sherlock, he had so many feelings for him and he knew in his heart he needed to act upon them. And this, this was the beginning. He was also very happy seeing Sherlock enjoying his breakfast, and he grinned softly as Sherlock scraped the plate clean and placed it back on the table. Sherlock looked up at John carefully, trying to deduce and assess the situation, and with a large grin, he quickly cuddled up against John's side. He could see that it was alright. He could just tell. Harry stood up slowly, finally looking away from the telly only to see her brother snuggled up with Sherlock. “Well then.” She said softly with a smile and a nod, picking up Sherlock's and John's plate as well, heading to the kitchen to clean up. John followed her with his gaze before looking back down at Sherlock. “Uhm... Sherlock? I... I think we might need to... talk.” John murmured, reaching for the remote to turn the telly sound down. Sherlock paled. Oh no. No. Not talking. Anything but talking. He was so bad at it. So very bad. Couldn't they just cuddle? Cuddling was much much easier. You didn't have to think too much about it and it was just so so much better than talking. Sherlock's mind was racing, and John could see that. “Hey- Hey... Sherlock, it's okay. It's not... /bad/ talking. I just... want to talk.” John tried, biting his lip. Oh God Sherlock felt sick, and without giving it much thought, he shook his head. “I don't want to.” He said simply and swallowed. John frowned. “You... You don't want to talk to me?” He asked, confused and actually a bit hurt for taking such a big step just to be shut down. Sherlock shook his head. “I... I love talking to you I just don't want to... Talk. /Talk/, you know.” Sherlock mumbled. “I know I'll just say something bad and I will screw things up and I- I just want to cuddle.” Sherlock rambled, trying not to burst into nervous tears.
“It’s alright. It’s not… Your fault. Mrs. Hudson invited you and, well, I hadn’t told her any rules and-” John shrugged. “It’s fine, okay? Just, you can go sit yeah, relax a little I… I went a bit harsh on you… I know where everything goes, it’s alright,” John nodded and smiled a little. Sherlock looked up at John, trying to gauge if John truly meant it and if he was doing it with good intentions. After a moment he nodded, placing the groceries he was holding down before moving to sit by the kitchen table, ready to watch John organize and perhaps learn until next time.
John felt quite content right now. He had nice food, nice company, it was warm and nice and cozy. Sherlock looked amazing. He looked up at the other, blushing. He didn't know why exactly, but this afternoon Sherlock looked utterly perfect. Maybe it was the light in the room, maybe it was the fact that the blush seemed to never leave the other's cheeks. Whatever it was, John could stare at Sherlock forever and ever. And he even caught himself doing that, and cleared his throat quickly. “So, what movie would you like to watch?” He asked curiously, stabbing gently at the food with his fork. Sherlock shrugged and grabbed his laptop from under the bed. “We can watch anything really.” He said and nodded. “I'm not that picky.” Sherlock said and smiled gently. John smiled as well and nodded. “Right... How about... Any of the James Bond movies?” John suggested. Sherlock couldn't help it and he wrinkled his nose almost immediately. “Okay, I know I said we could watch anything, but please don't make me sit through a James Bond movie, John.” Sherlock pleaded, looking at the other with begging eyes. John frowned. “What's wrong with Bond? It has action, gadgets, love,” “/Love/? If you call that love then-” Sherlock stopped himself after having interrupted John. He swallowed. Why was he making fun of John all of the sudden? “I'm sorry- I'm so so sorry-” Sherlock began stuttering but when he looked back up at John he noticed the other was grinning massively. “Why- Why are you smiling like that?” Sherlock asked, almost afraid by the big smile. John chuckled. “Because we sound like an old married couple already.” He said and reached to take Sherlock's hand. “Alright, no Bond films. Let's think of something else.” John said and nodded, smiling and squeezing Sherlock's hand in his own. Sherlock blushed and nodded, smiling now as well. He wanted them to sound like and old married couple. That sounded amazing. “Perhaps we can watch a superhero movie? I find them quite exciting in the silliness of it all. But it's almost like they're made to be silly, so that makes them good. Does that make sense?” Sherlock said and John nodded with another chuckle. “Yeah. Yeah that makes sense. Let's do that then.” John agreed with a smile.
That was all that mattered.
“Good night, Dr Watson,” Sherlock replied and nodded once more before he headed up the stairs.
“Right. Okay. Fine. Have it your way,” John nodded and clutched his hands together before looking up at Mycroft. “I didn’t read the manual, no, because Sherlock was so upset upon seeing it that he tore it apart. I was instructed to take it away, and I did. I hid it away so it wouldn’t upset him again, and after that, I haven’t been alone for a longer period of time to read it comfortably without the risk of Sherlock seeing it and getting upset again,” John swallowed thickly. “
Soon all their pizzas arrived to the table and John's were definitely a large one. He smiled up at Peter, thanking him softly. Suddenly, a gasp was heard from Sherlock. “Sorry!” The person sitting across from Sherlock said quickly, a friend of someone from the team. John turned his head quickly, seeing the large glass of coke spilled all over the table and all over Sherlock's shirt. Sherlock was frozen in place, ready for someone to laugh, clap, or point. “Jesus Christ.” John said and glared at the other person quickly. “What happened? Are you an idiot mate?” He said and moved closer to Sherlock. He quickly shook his head. “N-No there were just so- so many things on the table and my plate nudged it and-” He tried apologising. John sighed and caught eyes with Peter who waved at him. “Come, follow me.” John said, somehow managing to get Sherlock to stand up and follow him to the private toilet in the back.
Sherlock ran to the bathroom after what had happened, splashing his face with water. Why... Why couldn't he stop himself? Why did he have to blurt out all those things? He didn't even know how he knew them himself, how was he supposed to ever be able to explain it to someone else? He had struggled with this almost all his life, and it had always given him trouble. He sniffled a little, looking at himself in the mirror. John had thought he would've been alright to hang out with. For the first time ever, someone had actually said something like that to him and meant it, and now, he had blown it. He could see that John meant it, he could tell. But how? He growled in frustration. He could read people like open books sometimes, and he both loved and hated himself for it. He leaned against the bathroom wall, taking a few deep breaths. John would never speak with him again. Not after this. He didn't know why he had said his thoughts outloud, maybe he was... worried about John. He frowned. He usually didn't worry about people like that. It was an odd concept. He hugged himself, trying to make sense of it all. John had been so nice... He had thanked him for the book, for his help, and he had even invited him to come watch his game... sort of. Oh how his father would be proud if he knew all of that, without the last part of Sherlock ruining everything of course. He kicked the wall in frustration, letting out a soft groan. Maybe he could make things right, somehow.
“Why me? What does he know about me to make me such a good fit? Have you been- You know there is a thing as a confidentiality statement-”
that that isn’t true,” she hummed and crossed her arms slightly.
He moved a little closer, gently brushing his arm against John's. “I like your room. It's very cozy due to it's smaller size.” Sherlock said, trying to distract John with some small talk while he tried to slowly cuddle closer. John chuckled. “Yeah, it is pretty cozy isn't it? I especially like that I can dim the ceiling light so if I want just a little- What are you doing?” John interrupted himself after going out on a tangent about his ceiling light when he realised Sherlock was about to snuggle against his chest. “Uh... There uhm... Was a bump on the bed. Uncomfortable. Better here.” Sherlock said quickly and cleared his throat. He placed his head against John's chest closing his eyes. John frowned. “Bump on the- Oh... Yeah it's uhm... It's a bit bumpy on that side... Forgot to tell you, sorry.” John said, quickly playing along. Sherlock smirked to himself, glad John wouldn't be able to see it. There wasn't a bump on the bed for miles of course, but John had fallen for his trick. John swallowed heavily. So... What now? And what on earth would he do with his arms? John swallowed thickly and yawned, doing the old 'yawn and stretch', but instead of stretching his arm behind Sherlock's back while sitting on a sofa, he gently stretched his arm and placed it around Sherlock's back while the other was snuggled up so close to him. Right. This would do.... right? John immediately closed his eyes, knowing that his whole face was probably red, that he hadn't got a clue what he was doing and that he probably would jump out the window if he looked into Sherlock's eyes and was questioned about what he was actually doing.
John entered last into the bedroom, closing the door gently. He watched as Sherlock moved to the bed, flopping ontop of it with a sigh. “Uhm-” John said, squirming a little and rubbing his neck. “So   the sleeping thing. Are you uhm, sleeping in your robe or?” John stuttered awkwardly. Sherlock tilted his head and frowned. “No of course I'm not I have a t-shirt and pajama trousers underneath it-” He then realised what John was getting at and swallowed a little. “Oh... I'll see if I can find something for you but... But I'm not sure I'll have something that fits-” Sherlock said and shot up from the bed, hurrying to his wardrobe. John shook his head. “No no- It's fine-” He stuttered, biting his lip. “I'm... I'm fine sleeping in just my underwear... But it depends if /you/ are fine with me doing that.” John said shyly, biting his lip once again.
“Uhm, can I sit down? Or are you still angry at me?” Mike said, suddenly appearing by their table. John sighed and looked up at Mike. “I'm not angry anymore, you can join us, if Sherlock thinks it's okay too.” John said, knowing Mike might've hurt his feelings too. Sherlock looked over at the other, nodding. “It's okay, but I will not take more mean comments from you about anything that I and John decide to do.” Sherlock was quick to say. Mike nodded. “Yeah, yeah of course. And I'm sorry, and I mean it to both of you. I shouldn't have been frowning or saying those things, I understand now that it was upsetting you both. I didn't want to upset you, of course, I was just confused and... surprised.” He said, slowly sitting down in case John wanted him to leave. John nodded. “I... I don't blame you for that reaction, really. But thank you, for the apology, and like Sherlock said, I hope there will be none of that type of behaviour in the future.” John said and Mike quickly nodded his head again.” None of that. I promise. You know me John, I'm not bothered by whoever someone decides to love. It's all love in the end. All the same.” Mike said and shrugged, starting to eat.
""Great! I knew I could count on you! Don't forget to invite all the birds you know. An all bloke party won't be something to look forward too. And yeah, we can probably have the party here. My parents are going on holiday next weekend, it will be sodding perfect mate! We can plan more tomorrow at lunch! MS""
“You’re very hostile, are you sure you’re not in need of repairs?” The android asked and Sherlock felt his artificial heart rate go up and he stood up swiftly.
“Someone will be coming over in a little bit. Now, she’s not dangerous, and she and I will have a bit of a talk together and then she’ll leave. Just so you know okay?” John said and sipped his tea. Sherlock frowned. A woman. He tilted his head.
“Alright. Fine. Yes. I… Yes. I’ll take him- I mean, uhm, I’ll… Be assigned him, or however you call it…” John mumbled and licked his lips nervously, looking down slightly for a moment before looking up at Ella who was smiling softly now.
“Mrs. Hudson, slow down. Things… Got a bit out of hand. I made poor decisions and I ended up putting both Sherlock and myself in a mess. I’ll explain myself to Mike. But right now, what we need the most is some peace and quiet. Right Sherlock?” John asked and hunched down a little. Sherlock nodded, glancing up briefly at Mrs. Hudson before looking back down at the floor. Mrs. Hudson shook her head with a tutt.
Sherlock tilted his head and sighed.
“And if I were to say yes then? Mostly to get you to pipe down a bit and go back to our regular sessions, ‘scuse the language,” John said even though he wasn’t really rude to start with. He tilted his head. “Can I get rid of the ‘tin can’ if it’s being a bother to me? Without any repercussions? No small print in the contracts, hmm?” John’s tone became more strained. Ella leaned back in her chair.
Chapter 20 – The birthday gift
“You don't know anything Myc!” Sherlock shouted, moving to the mirror, starting to frantically fix his curls into place. “I'm going to the game because I'm going to the game! Stop playing mind tricks on me!” He whined, slamming his hand onto the dresser with a little whimper. Ouch. Too hard. He shook his hand out, biting his lip. Mycroft sighed and tutted. Sherlock sighed. “Besides-” He stopped, licking his lip. “I don't think he'll even want to speak to me.” Sherlock murmured quietly. Mycroft nodded. So he was right then. There was... /someone/. He walked towards Sherlock and brushed a curl from his forehead before placing a gentle hand on his shoulder. The time almost stood still for a while as he looked at his little brother in the mirror. Sometimes, he knew what Sherlock needed, and right now, the last thing Sherlock needed was him teasing him. Sherlock needed his support. Mycroft took a soft breath before speaking. “Stay calm, time your actions right, and apologise sincerely.” His brother murmured quietly into Sherlock's ear. He patted Sherlock's shoulder gently. “You'll be fine.” He encouraged, something he didn't do very often. He gave Sherlock a pointed look in the mirror before turning around to leave the room.
“Alright, alright, that’s enough, thank you, thank you, Sherlock, uhm, go back to the kitchen yeah? We’ll join you soon,” John interrupted quickly and gently pushed Sherlock along, giving him a pointed stare that meant ‘it’s okay’, before going back to Mike.
“I can't believe you just called Mycroft that.” Sherlock said and chuckled a little, moving up close to John. John grinned and chuckled as well. “Sorry, perhaps I was pushing my boundaries, but I just had to.” John admitted and wrapped a shy arm around Sherlock's waist. Sherlock blushed and nodded, forgetting everything around him once more as he felt John's hand wrapped around his waist so delicately. “John...” He breathed, not sure what he wanted to say, but really, he just wanted to say John's name out loud. John blushed, the tips of his ears going pink and just as he opened his mouth the microwaved dinged loudly. He flinched and snorted softly. “I guess it's done.” He said and took out the warm food and exchanged it with the other plate he had prepared.
“Why do you keep suggesting this when I’ve already said no, hmm? I can take care of myself, I don’t need a
Sherlock froze a little. Do? They needed to /do/ stuff? Like, /stuff/ stuff? Sherlock bit his lip. He didn't have things to offer, not like John had. He didn't have any video games, and the board games they had were very difficult and he had a hunch that a difficult board game combined with a tired John would end in a frustrating disaster. He had a telly though, in his room. And laptop of course. “We could watch a film?” Sherlock suggested. “Just... Lazily watch a film... In bed, or something.” Sherlock said quickly, biting his lip again. John blushed darker but smiled and nodded. “Yeah, yeah that sounds nice. Just don't want to be falling asleep. But perhaps some tea would perk me up a bit.” He chuckled. Sherlock nodded quickly, his curls bouncing. “Of- Of course! You can have as much tea as you'd like. And I'm sure we have cookies, and something to eat. Mummy always have things like that ready-” Sherlock rambled. John smiled softly. “That sounds great, Sherlock.” He said and settled back against the seat once more. He wondered why Sherlock was still so very nervous. He thought they had made progress, yet Sherlock still got stuck rambling from time to time. It didn't bother him though, he just wished Sherlock would settle in a bit more. But from the way he had been acting up until now, he couldn't really blame the taller man for being like that. They would be more and more comfortable with time, he was sure of it.
“No, no, he’s- he’s not a threat, alright? He’s… He’s an old friend of mine yeah? You know yesterday, you asked me about my friends? This is one of them right here. His name is Mike, okay?” John spoke quickly, trying to stay calm. Mike raised a curious eyebrow.
“I’m… Just trying to understand what you are,” he said and Sherlock swallowed thickly.
“Sherlock? I uh, you alright? You just told me earlier that you were fully loaded because of your power saving mode thing and-
“”Yes. Well. You might've proved me wrong about that. Even if just a little. SH”” Sherlock wrote back, laying down onto his pillows.
time for having Sherlock, and if he wasn’t happy he was to contact Mr Holmes to come and retrieve Sherlock back.
“Right. We need a pan, a little bit of oil, some eggs, salt and pepper, and another pan for the sausages. I like cooking them separately.” John hummed and began gathering everything he needed. “And we need some sausage too of course.” He smiled and got everything he needed from the fridge. Sherlock stood a bit awkwardly beside John before deciding to hop up on the counter and sit up there to watch over John while he was cooking. John smiled. “Good view of the pan action?” He asked and Sherlock smirked and nodded. “Mhm, very good.” He said, though his eyes were more fixed at John rather than the pan. John put the sausages on first before starting on the scrambled eggs, humming softly to himself. “Only Harry is home, so we have the kitchen basically to ourselves.” John said, both reassuring himself and Sherlock. Sherlock nodded and swung his feet just a little, watching John handle the cooking. John really looked like he knew what he was doing, Sherlock thought, and it was starting to smell good already. Soon enough, a sleepy Harry walked into the kitchen, rubbing her eyes. “'Morning.” She grumbled softly and went to the kettle to put it on. “Good morning Harry.” Sherlock said with the biggest grin. Harry, the sister who helped John to realise that perhaps being close to Sherlock wasn't so bad. Harry smiled a little at Sherlock and nodded. “Good morning Sherlock, did you sleep well?” She asked and John glanced over at her with a look telling her to please behave and not reveal their conversation from last night. Sherlock nodded. “I did. I slept very well. John's bed is quite comfortable.” Sherlock said and chuckled a little. John blushed and cleared his throat, stirring the eggs around. Harry smirked, enjoying seeing her brother under the spotlight and so very nervous. She leaned against the fridge with her arms crossed. “Mmm, it is quite comfortable. But not many people get to feel how comfortable it is. You should consider yourself lucky Sherlock.” She said with a smirk and a wink. Sherlock blushed and nodded. “I'm very lucky.” Sherlock replied and looked at John, who was looking back at him with a soft smile. “Am I getting some breakfast too?” Harry asked and John rolled his eyes. “Yeah, of course you are. Unlike you I think about other people as well and not just myself.” He teased and stuck his tongue out at her. “Mmm, but unlike you I don't sleep with other boys in my bed.” She teased back and left the kitchen to go to the living room. John blushed heavily and turned the sausages around in the pan. Sherlock sighed. That wasn't much of a help now was it. “John... It's alright... She didn't mean it like that-” “I know what she meant Sherlock.” John interrupted him quickly. “And... It's fine. She's just like that...” John brushed it off and began plating up the eggs for the three of them. “Besides... She didn't mean anything bad... She just meant... Sod it.” John said, trying to be open about it all but failing to find the words. Sherlock smiled and hopped off the counter. “She just meant that anything is fine by her. And it's fine by me too. And I'm always here for you John.” Sherlock said softly before taking a plate and carrying it to the living room where Harry was waiting for them. John stood still by the stove, turning all the hobs off. It was fine by Sherlock too. And he was always there for him as well. John closed his eyes and took a deep breath. Everything was fine, even the fact that he had spent the night with Sherlock in his bed, and most of the morning with his arms wrapped around him. He needed to understand all of this more. He needed to somehow talk to Sherlock about it. He grabbed the two plates that were left for him and Sherlock and headed to the living room.
Come lunch time, John and Mike walked into the cafeteria, grabbing a sandwich and some chips for lunch along with some fruit and a drink as well. “There he is, Sherlock!” John called, seeing the tall young man sit beside a window, reading a book. Sherlock looked up quickly and smiled. “John, Mike.” He said with a soft nod as the two sat down by the same table. John frowned. “Aren't you eating? Or have you already finished?” John asked and began eating his overfilled sandwich. Sherlock wrinkled his nose a bit. “Not a fan of school lunches really.” He said with a shrug. John chuckled. “You can have some of my chips if you want.” John said and pushed the tray towards Sherlock, trying to use the same tactics as he had used in the pizzeria. Sherlock nodded, picking a chip up and dipping it in ketchup, chewing slowly. It was definitely not the greatest, but it was decent enough to eat. “So, I was just telling John that everything is set up for tomorrow. Just need to fetch some thing earlier in the day. You're coming, right Sherlock?” Mike said and smiled at him. Sherlock nodded. “Yes, I'll be there.” He said and looked up at John, smiling a little. Mike beamed. “Great! The more the merrier.” Mike said and chomped down onto his sandwich, not having the best table manners in the world. John took a few sips of his drink, looking at Sherlock. “So did you get home alright? Last night I mean? It was a bit late after all, I hope you didn't get into any trouble.” John said and bit his lip. Sherlock quickly blushed, looking down, remembering all the fuss his parents had created around him. He shook his head. “No, they were fine. My parents I mean, they were... fine. Good. Happy.” Sherlock said and nodded. “They... They want to invite you over for tea sometime. You- You don't have to agree, of course, they're just being silly anyway...” Sherlock murmured quickly. John smiled and blushed, frowning a little. “Me? For tea? Why on earth would they want that?” He said and chuckled, looking over at Mike before looking back at Sherlock. Sherlock shrugged, stroking a curl behind his ear. “Well I told them... That you helped me... With the shirt and things and they wanted to do something nice back...” Sherlock said and swallowed. John blushed even more. “Oh, uh, alright. I mean, why not?” John said and shrugged. “I'll come over for tea.” He agreed with a nod, taking another bite of his sandwich. Sherlock's eyes widened. “You will? Oh... They'll be thrilled. I'm warning you though... They can be a bit much sometimes.” Sherlock said and sighed softly. John nodded. “I'm sure it's nothing I can't handle.” He smiled. “I could come after school today? I don't have anything to prepare for tomorrow, Mike is more excited for my party than I am I think, so he's got us covered besides the few things we need to prepare tomorrow.” John chuckled. Sherlock smiled wider and nodded quickly. “After school. Perfect. We end at the same time and Daniel will be here to pick us up.” Sherlock decided before John had a chance to change his mind. John looked down at himself. “I'm not really dressed right for the occasion, I think...” He said, looking at his old blue checkered shirt with a plain but clean white t-shirt underneath. He bit his lip. “Maybe if I button my shirt up I will look more presentable...” John said and looked back up at Sherlock. Sherlock smiled and nodded. “I doubt my parents would care even if you would come dressed in hotpants and a flamingo top. I think you'll be quite surprised by what they're really like.” Sherlock said with a cheeky grin, stealing another chip from John's plate, John blushing and Mike laughing heartily at the mental image of John wearing those things.
The place got crowded. Very crowded. And very quickly. Sherlock suddenly felt lost, apprehensive and even a bit scared. Now, he almost followed Molly anywhere she went, just for comfort. She was someone he knew, and now he also knew that she wouldn't be flirting with him anymore since she knew he was infatuated with John. Sherlock gripped his can of pop tightly in his hand, sipping on it gently, careful not to let it out of his sight. Mycroft had told him he shouldn't do that. That someone could put something in it. Sherlock shivered. He didn't like this at all. Not in a million years could he have imagined this party to be this crowded. He sighed to himself, leaning against a wall.
sorry. I’m so so sorry I left you alone with Mike. I…” John glanced up at Mycroft who watched them intensely. John sighed. “I didn’t take care of you as well as I should’ve, and I understand that now. Can you… Hear me?” John asked softly, making his voice as soft and gentle as he could. Sherlock’s eyes were still fixed on the floor, and the employee was still holding a tight grip so he wouldn’t crumble to the floor. Sherlock shifted his weight before parting his lips.
Mrs. Holmes quickly prepared some sandwiches and more tea, placing everything out on the living room table neatly. “Can I help with something?” John asked, feeling like he wasn't much use. Mrs. Holmes smiled and cupped his cheek. “No luv, it's quite alright, I've got it.” She said and continued to get everything together. Mycroft came downstairs, yawning and stretching, raising a curious eyebrow when he realised John was still there. “You're still here, Watson?” He said and tilted his head. John cleared his throat and blushed. “Y-Yeah, yeah I'm still here. I'm... staying the night. Mrs. Holmes said I could.” He said and looked up at Mycroft. Mycroft smirked. “Mhm, interesting.” He said and sat down in one of the comfy armchairs. “So... staying the night, Watson.” He hummed and crossed his arms over his chest. “What will you tell your parents then?” He asked as John took a seat in the sofa to wait for Sherlock who had slipped away to get into something more comfortable. John had tried not to blush at that, because for Sherlock it probably didn't mean the same as what it did for John. “I will tell them I'm at Mike's for the night. They won't bother checking up on me, they rarely do. And if they do Mike knows and his parents does too so they will cover up for me.” John said, looking at Mycroft with a firm gaze. Mycroft kept smirking. “Oh I see. Quite clever.” He said and nodded. “So, I assume you will be sleeping in the same bed-” “Mycroft!” Sherlock scolded as he came into the living room, tying his robe tightly around his waist. “It's none of your business!” Sherlock huffed and sat down quickly beside John, giving him a smile before glaring back at his brother. Mycroft rolled his eyes. “Forgive me for trying to protect my little brother, so innocent and so... oblivious.” He said and snorted. Sherlock blushed. “I'm not either of those! I- I- John! Tell him!” He said, looking at John. John blushed and his eyes widened. “I, uh,” He began but quickly sat up straight and took Sherlock's hand, holding it in his own. “He is not innocent, and even if he was, I find that a good trait, something endearing, so it really doesn't matter. So jokes on you. And he's not oblivious, he's the best kiss I've ever had!” John argued and then paled. “I- Sorry-” He said and looked at Sherlock, the pale face soon red from his blush. Sherlock's jaw had dropped, and so had Mycroft's and the older brother was showing signs of a blush as well. “Well then.” He said and cleared his throat, quickly smiling as their parents entered the room.
John opened the door to Sherlock's bedroom, still quite red in the face. Sherlock frowned. “Where's the tea? And why are you blushing like that? Did Mycroft say something? I swear I'm going to kill him-” “No Sherlock I'm fine.” John interrupted him gently. He moved over to the bed and sat back down. “I just... I spoke with  your parents and... and they were so kind. It's just special to me, that they are nice like that. Mine usually aren't, as you know...” He mumbled and cuddled up against Sherlock without even spending another thought on that action. Sherlock couldn't help but grin at that, forgetting the tea entirely. He snuggled up against John, humming softly. “Oh? Well I'm glad they were nice to you, I hope you were nice back.” Sherlock teased a little with a chuckle, knowing for certain that John probably had been just that since he always was the nicest ever. John chuckled a little. “Yeah, yeah I think so.” John said and smiled softly. “Oh by the way, your mother offered to make us the tea, so she'll probably be coming back up. If you want we could uhm... just not be as close when she comes back, if you don't want her to see it again...” John murmured shyly and bit his lip. Sherlock smiled and shook his head. “If you don't mind, I want to stay right here, with you.” Sherlock said and snuggled up closer. John blushed deeply and nodded. “Alright, then that's what we'll do.” He murmured quietly and laid down, looking into Sherlock's eyes.
Thank you so much for reading and staying with me! <3
It seemed like they just couldn't stop kissing when they had finally started. The tea was getting cold, but neither of them seemed to care. “Hang- Hang on-” John said after a few minutes, scrambling to put the tray on the floor. “Come here, this will be better, now we can be closer.” John said, blushing a little. Sherlock grinned and scooted as closely as possible, placing a hand gently on John's chest. “Always so thoughtful...” He cooed and looked up at John with soft eyes. John smiled. “I try to be.” John whispered back and smiled. He looked into Sherlock's eyes for a moment, just stopping and enjoying the moment. “God... I never thought I'd had this. Not only because you're a bloke just... This. It's so warm and fuzzy and... It's unlike anything I've had before. I've never had a relationship like this before.” John admitted and Sherlock blushed deeply. “Neither have I, and that makes it even more special to me.” Sherlock grinned and placed his head onto John's shoulder.
“It’s my loading station, it’s called the WallBox,” Sherlock spoke suddenly, making John fall backwards, stumble, and fall right on his arse with a louder groan. Sherlock sat up quickly, getting up from the bed and kneeling on the floor. “Dr Watson! Are you alright, sir?” Sherlock breathed quickly, looking over John with concern, his hands hovering over John’s upper body, afraid to touch but wanting to make sure he was physically alright at the same time. John grunted and shifted a bit, looking at Sherlock with a pained expression.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oufh- What's wrong with you?!” John grumbled as he suddenly was shoved in the school hallway. He turned his head to the side quickly, seeing that dark haired young man disappearing around a corner. John huffed and began rushing after him. “Hey! Sherlock!” He called at him, hurrying up so that he was walking just a few feet away from him. Sherlock stopped as he reached his locker, opening it up without even looking at John. John sighed and leaned onto the lockers. “What's your problem mate? I was trying to be nice to you yesterday but you just lashed out on me. And what's with the shoving?” John frowned. Sherlock tried not to pay attention to him. “First of all, I don't have a problem, I have several. Secondly, I'm not your mate. And thirdly I was in a hurry, and you were in my way.” Sherlock rambled, still not making eye contact. “And I don't like the fact that you know my name and I don't know yours.” He said and finally turned to glare at the other.
“Mike was really nice,” Sherlock noted with a nod and a soft smile. “He wasn’t as bad as I first thought, I’m sorry I was a bit hostile… I should’ve trusted you,” Sherlock nodded and looked at John, still smiling softly. John nodded and started cleaning the dishes.
“You think he… Needs me? I mean, I obviously don’t need him but… Is… Is there no one else in line to take him?” John’s voice started to get softer, quieter, less irritated and more sentimental. Ella shrugged, deciding to go with the truth on this one.
Chapter 18 - You loved these when you were little
“But… You talk to me… Don’t that make you feel better?” Sherlock questioned and John chuckled a little.
Sherlock had actually managed half of his portion of food and without much fuss, which had granted him a piece of chocolate cake. He was sitting in his room on his bed, legs crossed and reading a fictional novel. He sometimes liked to read those too, even though they were nonsense a lot of the time. He took a piece of chocolate cake, humming in delight. Even though he teased Mycroft frequently about the girth of his waist, he loved it when his brother baked cakes. He was quite amazing at it, though he would never really admit it to him in person. He frowned though as his phone suddenly buzzed, looking towards the clock on his nightstand.
“”Hey John, the party was mental. Are you and Sherlock alright? MS”” Mike had sent to John, working on cleaning up the place.
They headed to the joined tables, John picking out a spot on the far edge so that Sherlock wouldn't be in the middle of things. A member of the team smirked at John. “Oh come on mate! You are the star! Leading us to victory! You need to sit on the honorary seat!” He said, patting a chair in the middle of everything. John looked to Sherlock, seeing him staring shyly down at his feet. John looked back at his team mate. “I'm fine here, cheers.” John said and the other frowned, sitting down at the place he had been patting for John. He looked at John for a while, before resuming to chat with the person next to him. Sherlock was positively blushing at that, but he started to feel more like a burden than John's guest. “Maybe I should go...” He murmured quietly to John, still looking down at the table. John frowned and shook his head. “What? No, no don't go. I mean, of course you can, if that's what you want. I won't keep you here but, I mean, I wanted you to come otherwise I would've never asked you to.” John rambled, rubbing his neck awkwardly. Sherlock's cheeks heated up a bit more. “O-Okay then... I'll stay.” He said softly and looked up at John with a shy little smile. John smiled brightly back. “Good. Good.” He said and handed Sherlock one of the menus. “So what are you having then? Most things here are nice so you can pick anything really and I think you would be satisfied.” John said and eyed the menu himself, even though he knew very well what was on it. Sherlock bit his lip again, looking through the menu briefly before looking at John. “I... I don't really eat...” Sherlock said quietly. God. Here he goes again. Burden. A burden for John. Beautiful John... John that was just trying to be sweet. This was going downhill fast. John chuckled. “You don't really /eat/? What's that supposed to mean-” John said but stopped himself. Maybe... Maybe Sherlock had an eating disorder of sorts, and he definitely shouldn't laugh at that. “You know what.” John said and took Sherlock's menu. “You don't have to eat if you don't want to. It would be nice since everyone else is eating, but I'm not gonna force you.” John promised. “If you want, you can have some of my pizza.” John suggested. “I'm just going to have a regular pepperoni pizza, is that something you like when you do eat?” John asked carefully. Sherlock was flabbergasted. John would allow him not to eat? The thought only was almost unreal. He wouldn't classify himself as having an eating disorder, eating just usually slowed him down and he didn't like that. Sherlock wasn't sure what he liked, he hadn't had a pizza in ages, but what John had suggested sounded good. He nodded. “Yes, yes that sounds good.” He agreed with a soft smile.
“This is- This- Mike-” John stuttered and Mike frowned, rushing towards him. Sherlock frowned at John's sudden change of expression. “Is- Is something wrong?” Sherlock said and looked at the ball. “Oh- God damnit! I should've looked at it before I bought it! I can't believe some imbecile has scribbled something on the back of it I-” “It's not an imbecile Sherlock-” Mike interrupted, his eyes just as wide as John's were. “It's autographed, by one of England's most highly regarded players. He... He wasn't the best player per say, but he was the English people's favourite player of all time for who he was as a person.” Mike explained, John unable to speak as his eyes started to water. Molly rushed to them as well, curious to see what all the fuss was about. “Sherlock-” John croaked a little and put the ball back in the box before pulling Sherlock into his arms, giving him the biggest  hug ever. Sherlock blushed, wrapping his arms around John, holding him as tightly as possible. “Thank you- Gosh- Just- Thank you-” John stuttered and held Sherlock so very tightly. Sherlock was blushing deeply now, burying his face against John's shoulder. He smiled brightly. “You're welcome John... I guess... I guess it was a lucky pick then.” Sherlock said and John began laughing at that, laughing out of happiness. He pulled back and Sherlock tried to disguise his sadness that the hug was over, watching as John dried his eyes and laughed some more. Sherlock was so unbelievably happy to see John so over the moon, and he struggled with finding words so he just smiled brightly back at John, giggling a little. “God you're amazing.” John said and looked at Sherlock, his eyes still watery and his face still red. “I need a beer to celebrate this.” John said and Mike quickly got beers for the four of them. John made sure to put the ball safely back in the box, disappearing quickly to hide it in Mike's bedroom for safekeeping during the party, before returning to the sofa, taking his bottle. “Cheers to Sherlock, and to one hell of a birthday.” John said and raised his bottle, Sherlock doing the same, all giddy and so very happy. “Cheers!” They all said as they brought their bottles together and then took a big sip, John smiling and winking at Sherlock, who giggled a little and tried not to make a face from the horrid taste of the beer.
I still love writing this story, it's just hard finding the time to write at the moment!
A while later, some people had dropped off from the gathering, and Mike moved to sit beside John. John was still working his way through the pizza, and Sherlock was on his third slice, having forgotten the fact that he had stated that he doesn't eat. John smiled at him, feeling glad that his plan of sharing a pizza had worked. “How's things going here then?” Mike said and John smiled at him, wrapping an arm around his shoulder. “It's going good. You want a piece? I doubt we'll be able to finish it.” John said and Mike took a slice with a nod. “I wouldn't consider you the pizza eating kind Sherlock.” Mike joked and chuckled but John glared at him. “Mike, shut up.” He hissed, his friend frowning. Sherlock swallowed heavily. “Why... Why can't I eat pizza?” Sherlock asked worriedly. John shook his head. “Don't listen to him he's stupid alright?” John huffed. Mike shrugged. “You look like someone who would eat posh food. Like, I don't know, lobsters and stuff? Not a pepperoni pizza at least.” Mike continued, John rolling his eyes. “Oh...” Sherlock said, looking down at the greasy slice of pizza. “So that's what you think of me then? What you /both/ think of me then since you are friends? That I'm some posh snob that can't enjoy anything remotely mundane?” Sherlock said, his voice upset. John quickly shook his head, cleaning off his hands. “No, no Sherlock that's not it at all. I said don't listen to him, he's just being silly.” John said and put a gentle hand on Sherlock's shoulder. Sherlock flinched. “Excuse me.” He said and rushed out of the pizzeria, going to the corner of the street and lighting a cigarette. John sighed. “Look what you've done yeah? I just got him to eat properly and you start saying stupid things like that? I don't think about him like that at all, and neither should you.” John snapped and got up from his seat to go after Sherlock. “I was just having a laugh!” Mike yelled after him and closed his eyes with a sigh.
Chapter 34 - I'll hold you for as long as you'll have me here
“John, I understand you are worried. Let me tell you more about this specific android, yeah?” Ella said and retrieved a file, handing it over to John. It was… Slightly manipulative, what she was doing, which was tapping into John’s nurturing and caring side. If she could convince John that it was actually
Chapter 2 – At the Watsons'
The food arrived shortly and the brothers calmed down when it did, Sherlock looking shyly at John. He hadn't been very talkative to his new found friend, and he felt a little bit bad about it. “I'm sorry John.” He whispered and John smiled, shaking his head. “It's alright. It's nice just to sit here and enjoy the company.” John said and nodded, smiling at Sherlock. His eyes widened though when he got his big plate of food, the big bowl of salad and the different bowls of sauces for the fish and chips and for the salad. “Oh, wow... This is a lot of food.” John chuckled, blushing as a small basket of bread was given to him as well. “T-Thanks.” He stuttered, not even sure where to start. Sherlock grinned happily at seeing John so overwhelmed by the food. Sherlock was usually overwhelmed by food as well, but in the opposite way that John was. But when John reacted this way, it made Sherlock more curious and excited about eating his own food, which Mrs. Holmes noticed, and was more than pleased about. John looked over to Sherlock's big bowl of pasta, it smelled amazing. “Gosh, yours looks equally as good.” John smiled. “You can try some of mine If you'd like.” Sherlock offered and John nodded. “As long as you try some of mine in return.” He said and smiled happily. Sherlock hummed softly and skillfully swirled up some pasta on his fork, taking a bite. He closed his eyes with a happy sigh, it was truly wonderful. John smiled at Sherlock enjoying his food, cutting a piece of the nicely battered fish. It crunched just enough when he bit into it, and the taste was delicious. The most delicious fish and chips he'd had by far. John smiled, looking over at Sherlock. Sherlock smiled back before taking another bite of his food.
not vice versa. You’re making it sound as if I am supposed to babysit him all around the clock,” John argued and Mycroft snorted softly.
who seems to have more problems than me supposed to be of any help?” John said, his voice irritated and Ella felt her heart sink slightly. Well, that didn’t go to plan then… She squirmed a bit in her seat and tucked a strand of hair behind her ear awkwardly. She opened her mouth to speak, but to her surprise, John continued. “I mean, who knows maybe he’ll have a short circuit and just go rogue yeah? Who’s going to be responsible then? This ‘Mycroft Holmes’ bloke who seems responsible for this tin can? Doubt it, he sounds like a real tosser if you ask me,” John huffed and Ella closed her eyes for a moment to try to compose herself. Once again, she opened her mouth but John continued once more. “I mean, I feel sorry for the bloke… You know… This… Is some heavy stuff…” John murmured as he scanned over the file once more. Ella nodded softly.
Androids had become part of the society, somewhat. Not everyone could afford one and most of them had niche tasks they performed. No, not those. Well… Not
“You’re very welcome, Sherlock. I’ve never seen John this light and calm either so whatever you’re doing it must be helping loads,” Ella smirked and now it was John’s turn to glare at her, until Sherlock spun to look at him.
Sherlock worried his bottom lip between his teeth, thinking. He settled on having a shower and he started to quickly strip out of his clothes. He didn't want to take too long after all, he just needed to freshen up. He got into the shower and pulled the shower curtain so that he was shielded. John soon headed back to the bathroom with some clothes he thought would fit, entering it but spinning around quickly when he was startled by a yell from the shower. “Jesus Christ Sherlock! I thought you'd wait until I got you some clothes! Thank God you had the shower curtain pulled shut!” John said but couldn't help but both blush and giggle a little to himself. Sherlock whined. “It's not funny John! Stop laughing! You can't just barge in like that!” Sherlock whined. John giggled even more. “Well sorry Sherl but you shouldn't forget to lock the bloody door then!” John said and laughed. “Calm down, I didn't see anything. I'll put the clean clothes on the counter as well. Just lock the door after me so that my sister don't barge in. But she's not into blokes so I guess it wouldn't matter in the end.” John chuckled and quickly headed out of the bathroom. He knew Sherlock wasn't really angry with him, and that was the really the truth indeed. Sherlock was blushing, and fuming, but as soon as John left, he began giggling as well. “Silly idiot.” He muttered to himself, getting out briefly to lock the door to keep intruders out.
I thought we were going to spend the day together John, you promised-”
“I do! John- uh, Dr. Watson makes the best tea for me. Lots of sugar in it, just how I like it,” Sherlock said as he picked up the croissant and took a big bite. Mike grinned.
Sherlock repeated over and over and John’s face fell further. He knew he should’ve waited, but with one swift move he took a hold of Sherlock’s hand and pulled him close, holding up the android’s weight as he collapsed into John’s arms.
John was standing and stretching after having done a running warm-up, looking out onto the field. “J-John?” Sherlock stuttered, instantly bashing himself in his mind for sounding so pitiful. John quickly turned around and sighed. “I'm kinda busy you know.” He said and turned the other way, pulling his leg up to his chest to stretch it a bit. Sherlock watched curiously. John was more flexible than he thought. He quickly shook his head. “I- I know but- But I wanted to talk to you before the game starts. It's... It's important.” He said and bit his lip. John dropped his leg and turned around to face Sherlock again. “And what makes you think I want to listen, Sherlock? It... It hurt alright? What you said... You're not even supposed to know those things.” John said, his voice upset, yet still soft. Sherlock looked down a bit. “I... I'm truly sorry John. I really am. Just... Just hear me out, just this once, please?” He said and looked pleadingly back up at John. John sighed and crossed his arms, tilting his head to the side. “Fine. Go on then.” He muttered. Sherlock straightened up and cleared his throat a bit. Right. Remember what Mycroft said. Stay calm, being the most important one. “No one told me those things about you John. Not Mike, not your parents, not anyone. I... I knew because I observed. I can't really explain to you how it works because I can't understand it myself, but when I look at certain people I just... /know/.” Sherlock said, looking into John's eyes, being as sincere as he possibly could. John frowned. “You just /know/?” John said, trying to understand. Sherlock nodded. “I look at you and I see certain things, I can deduce certain things. I didn't know what I said was hurtful, I was merely telling you what I saw. I can most definitely promise you that I didn't mean to hurt you with what I said. I promise you that, and I am very, very sorry.” Sherlock finished quietly. John looked at Sherlock, remembering what Mike had said; that Sherlock didn't want to hurt him with his words. Maybe Mike was right then. It all sounded very strange though, but Sherlock looked so sincere... John exhaled heavily. “Fine.” He said and nodded. “I... I understand. I think. It sounds strange, but I understand. Next time, just, try not to blurt things out like that yeah?” John said and Sherlock nodded quickly, a small smile tugging at his lips. John understood, sort of. And even if it sounded strange, John still understood and wasn't angry at his explanation. He could feel his heart starting to beat normally once again. “And I accept your apology.” John added with a soft smile, which practically melted Sherlock completely. John accepted his apology. Sherlock smiled and found himself letting out a soft giggle, quickly covering his mouth and flushing a deep red colour. John snorted softly with a smile. He found Sherlock looking quite adorable like that, though he didn't really understand why he felt that way. “Right then... Do you promise to cheer us on?” John asked, smiling crookedly at Sherlock. Sherlock nodded quickly. “Of- Of course-” He murmured from underneath his hands. John nodded. “Good. See you later then, Sherlock.” John smiled and winked cheekily before running out onto the field.
“My name is Mycroft Holmes. You’ve probably heard of me. And have received texts from me as ‘MH’. I am the creator of Sherlock. I am the owner of this very facility you are in right now. It’s my private… Laboratory, one might call it,” Mycroft nodded with a smug smile. John huffed out a laugh.
Sherlock listened, his forehead wrinkled as he tried to think of something. He groaned in frustration. “Ahhh! Why is this so hard!” He complained, flopping down on his brother's bed. “Maybe- Maybe if I just go to the shops I might spot something.” Sherlock said, feeling like he was running out of time. “Can you come with me Myc? Please?” Sherlock begged, sitting up again. Mycroft rolled his eyes. “Don't you think I have better things to do than to go out shopping for gifts for a love interest of my socially awkward little brother?” Mycroft glared at Sherlock. “No.” Sherlock responded simply. “Get dressed, we're going.” He said and stood up, heading to his room to quickly put something on just to go shopping. His brother sighed and buried his face in his hands for a moment before standing up and going to his wardrobe. God the things he did for his brother sometimes.
“Yeah, absolutely. If it wasn’t for her I wouldn’t even have considered-” But before John could finish his sentence, Sherlock had stormed back out and down the stairs, pulling a confused Ella into a tight hug, squeezing her harshly. John rushed down after him and Ella pressed out a smile.
the tin can as well.
Hello everyone! Yes, this was, very late, but I'm sure like all of you I was caught in the haze of Sherlock season 4! But now that that's over, I'm hoping to evolve this story even more! I wanted their characters to change a bit, to keep things more eager and fun, so this one is a short intro which shows how John has become more comfortable, as well as Sherlock. So don't be alarmed that they've changed a bit, I'm doing it for the story's sake so that it doesn't get boring for me to write and boring for you to read! Hope you are all okay and thank you for sticking with me! //NightOfFanfics
Sherlock had tried to be modest when he pointed out what he wanted to John, but John just kept piling on with extra stuff, like sweet treats, chocolate, a muffin, tea, two different kinds of juices, and of course their main meals. He didn't get much else for himself than his main meal, since he couldn't really afford to treat them both. He was silently thankful though that Sherlock let him do this, even though he could almost hear Sherlock sighing fondly and wishing John didn't spend so much money on him. “Thank you John...” Sherlock whispered softly when he got his overflowing tray of food, John taking some of it and putting it on his rather empty tray to help Sherlock carry it back to Molly's table. “Well this is almost kind of our first lunch date isn't it? So I want it to be special.” John said, smiling from ear to ear. They joined Molly by the table, who's jaw dropped when she saw the amount of different things on Sherlock's tray. “Oh... I didn't know you had such a sweet tooth.” Molly said and looked at Sherlock, giggling a little. Sherlock blushed. “Well... I do, but John also wanted to treat me to some things...” Sherlock said shyly, Molly having to use every muscle in her body to not burst out into a long “awww” sound. John was still smiling, and scooted close to Sherlock so their sides almost brushed against each other. “It's our first lunch date you know.” John said proudly to Molly, his whole demeanour completely changed. Sherlock noticed that, and Molly did too, and Sherlock couldn't feel more special right now. It was the perfect moment after such a turbulent one, and it was all thanks to John. John had made something chaotic into something perfect, and if that was John's superpower, Sherlock considered him the best superhero in the world.
“Molly? Who’s that? Is it a woman? Why are you speaking to a woman? Why will you be right over we’re outside now, together, you and me, not Molly,” Sherlock rambled and John took his hand, squeezing it softly to try to calm him quickly.
“Myc-” Sherlock said as his brother reached the door, turning around swiftly. “Thank you.” He said softly with a nod. Mycroft turned around and smiled a little, giving Sherlock a little nod back before leaving the room.
“Repairs? Who do you think you are to suggest such a thing? Repairs? I’m not broken, are you? You seem like you have no emotions whatsoever. Emotionless, sad, nobody needs you in reality. What do you do, serve coffee?” Sherlock huffed, taking a step closer. The android’s face stiffened and his face turned meaner.
Sherlock tilted his head to the side, seeing all the things on the nightstand that Mike had brought. His sobbing started to calm down just a little but he was still clinging onto John like a scared animal. “It's- It's nice-” Sherlock stuttered, nodding his head. John smiled. “Christ... I wanted you to have a great time and look what happened.” John said, still blaming himself for what had happened. He reached for a tissue and began to gently dab at Sherlock's cheek, soaking up some of the tears. Sherlock sniffled. “It's... It's not your fault... You can't babysit- babysit me-” Sherlock stuttered between sobs, grabbing another tissue and blowing his noise in a not-so-sexy manner. John just smiled, continuing to dab up the tears. “Well, I could've kept an eye on you a bit more though...” John murmured quietly. Sherlock sighed, reaching for the glass of water, taking a few gulps of it. The shivering had stopped, but he rather liked being all cozy underneath the blanket with John. “So... You were just a wingman for Mike? You weren't flirting with that woman?” Sherlock said and John chuckled. That wasn't the first question he had expected Sherlock to ask. “God no. She's sodding dim. Nothing between her ears. Not my kind of gal.” He said and shook his head with a smile. “More Mike's type of girl really.” John said and chuckled a little once more, a small smile appearing on Sherlock's lips. He then bit his lip shyly. “Did you... Did you know that guy?” Sherlock asked quietly and John shook his head. “Nah, I haven't got a clue who he is. Must be a friend of a friend from Mike's or something. Don't worry, he's not in our school or anything like that.” John said and cupped Sherlock's cheek a little. “And after that, I hope I never get to know him. Fucking idiot.” John said with a deep sigh. Sherlock nodded and curled up against John's chest once again, resting his head on the strong muscles. “He is a fucking idiot.” Sherlock replied and John smiled. “Mmm, a real fucking idiot.” He repeated and stroke Sherlock's curls once again.
He spotted John, it had been a while since he had done that, and now... Now he was chatting up some girl by the fireplace. Sherlock's cheeks heated up, and he quickly took a swig of his soda. Stupid John. Stupid John being so daft and not noticing anything. If it was Sherlock it was about, then he would've noticed it, definitely. “Hey handsome.” A voice suddenly spoke beside Sherlock. A new voice. He quickly moved his head to look beside him. A young man, just like himself. Dressed quite smart and... did he just call Sherlock handsome? Sherlock blushed. “Uhm, hello.” He said, scooting away a little. The other bloke smirked. “Hello indeed. Those are some sharp cheekbones, I could probably cut myself on them.” He said and laughed. “I'm Victor by the way.” He said and held out his hand. Sherlock nodded. “Pleasure.” Sherlock mumbled and tried to move away. “Yeah, I can give you plenty of that.” Victor said with a smirk and gripped Sherlock's wrist. Sherlock's eyes widened. “Get your hands off me-” He gasped, smelling the alcohol on the other's breath. “I said get off-” Sherlock said, starting to tug at his hand. Victor pouted. “Oh come on, don't be like that, pretty boy, c'mere.” He said and started to tug Sherlock more towards him.
“I thought Sherlock was supposed to be there for
(See the end of the chapter for
“Mmm, John,” Sherlock replied and John nodded.
“”Where are you? Can't wait to see you. JW”” John texted with a grin.
“I’m not someone for you to understand, I’m someone for you to leave me alone. I’m waiting for my human, and he will be back soon,” Sherlock explained and the android tilted his head.
“Now, loading,” Sherlock said out loud before closing his eyes, willing himself to rest. He had a lot going through his mind, and he was worried about Dr Watson as well. It was strange that he already worried for the human, but he had been very anxious about Sherlock being around when he slept. And although he wouldn’t attempt to kill Dr Watson in his sleep, as they had already established, he couldn’t help but think that it would’ve been better if they had slept in the same room. Now he was too far away, especially since Dr Watson’s file had stated he had issues with nightmares and other nightly terrors. Sherlock sighed. Complicated human. Sherlock hummed in thought.
“You're home late.” Mrs. Watson said softly as she poked her head out of her and John's father's bedroom. John sighed. “Yeah... Rugby practice.” John said and shrugged. She sighed. “You've started to practice more and more. Don't wear yourself out. I want your grades to be good young man.” She tutted. John nodded. “I know mum, but I'm the team captain now, I told you that before... I need to practice harder.” He said and walked to his rooms. Mrs. Watson followed, crossing her arms. “And what then hmm? Are you going to be England's next great rugby player? You were going to be a doctor John. A doctor. All grades matter if you want to be a doctor you need to work harder!” She said, getting upset. John groaned, sitting down on his bed and starting to eat his now cold toast. “I know mum I know I am working hard, I'm just having trouble in biology class and-” “That's the class you can't have issues with John!” She interrupted with a huff. John sighed. “Please mum I'm tired and-” “You should be glad it's you and me having this conversation and not you and your father.” She interrupted again before storming out of his room. John sighed. “Thanks for dinner... mum...” He muttered when she had left, picking up his phone to text Mike.
“Oh, good morning Mrs. Holmes.” John said kindly as he walked into the kitchen, smiling at Sherlock's mother. Mrs. Holmes beamed. “Good morning dear, did you sleep well?” She asked and John nodded. “Yeah, yeah I slept well. I'm just coming downstairs to make some breakfast and tea for Sherlock and I.” John said and went to the counter, grabbing some bread that was out and ready, popping it into the toaster. Mrs. Holmes smiled lovingly at John, sighing fondly. “You treat that boy too well you know, he'll get even more spoiled in no time.” She said and chuckled fondly. John smiled a little and shrugged. “I don't mind, as long as he's happy, I'm happy.” John said and took out two cups, having noticed which cup Sherlock usually used, making sure to make his tea in that specific one. He didn't really mind which one he took for himself, so he went for the largest one he could find and started the kettle. He yawned a little, stretching out his body. Soon enough, Mycroft stumbled in the kitchen as well, murmuring a quiet 'good morning' before going to the fridge, opening the door and just staring into it sleepily. “Want some tea Mycroft? I can make you a cuppa as well.” John smiled and Mycroft rolled his eyes. Great, John's a morning person. But it was a nice offer, he supposed. He nodded. “Yes, please.” Mycroft murmured and closed the fridge door, sitting down by the table. John smiled and quickly grabbed a cup for Mycroft as well, and soon there were three steaming mugs of tea, toast for him and Sherlock, and an extra piece of toast for Mycroft waiting for them on the counter. “Mrs. Holmes, do you have a tray I can bring everything upstairs on?” He said after placing the things for Mycroft in front of him, getting a sleepy smile as a thank you before he dug into the breakfast eagerly. Mrs. Holmes smiled and nodded. “Of course, here.” She said and pulled out a tray. “You can fold out the legs as well, so you can have breakfast in bed.” She said and winked cheekily. John blushed and nodded, placing everything on the tray neatly before heading back up the stairs.
John could see how Sherlock adamantly kept looking into the mirror, only glancing at him from time to time. He sighed fondly. “Sherlock, you can look you know? I'm your boyfriend, remember?” John said finally, thinking they should be able to do this by now. He was eighteen years old and Sherlock was soon that age as well. Sure, it was still a bit new and giddy and wonderful, but that's what was making it so special and amazing. Sherlock blushed deeper and nodded, turning to face John instead, still brushing his teeth. “Sorry.” He mumbled around the toothbrush, smiling sheepishly. John shrugged. “It's alright.” He said and went to the sink to spit the foam out, rinsing his mouth and then wiping it on his own arm, not sure what towel he was allowed to use. “What do I do with this then?” He asked, holding up the toothbrush. Sherlock smiled and spit into the sink as well before taking it from John. “You can have it here besides mine.” He said and blushed shyly, putting it in the cup beside his own before going back to rinse his mouth. John smiled and nodded. “Good.” He chuckled and then watched Sherlock gently. “I... I uhm, need to use the loo if that's alright?” John said and pointed awkwardly to it and Sherlock quickly jumped and nodded. “Yes! Yes of course I'll- I'll wait in the bedroom-” He said and rushed out, leaving John in the bathroom to take care of... whatever he needed to take care of.
“It’s alright, he was a new person to enter the flat for you, it’s understandable. I haven’t had him over in ages either so, it was a bit new to me as well,” John nodded and put the plates away. Sherlock nodded, chewing on his lip a bit.
“Sorry sir…” Sherlock lowered his head and John sighed sympathetically.
“”No, I'm still awake. And... Good. I knew it would fit you quite well. SH””
“I mean... You're not ugly exactly...” John said after a moment of thought, looking down at his hands. Sherlock squinted his eyes a bit. Was that supposed to be a compliment? “Thanks... I guess.” Sherlock mumbled awkwardly. Damn, that was not right, John thought to himself. “Sorry, I meant that you are, you know, beautiful.” John murmured and turned to look at Sherlock, no matter how embarrassed he felt by saying that. Sherlock smiled once again. “Really? You think so?” He asked, wanting to hear John say it again. And again. And preferably a million times more. John smiled shyly back and nodded. “Really, I do think so. You... You have very uhm, beautiful facial features and uhm, your hair is always so soft and, you dress well. Unlike Mike who would wear sweatpants all year round if he could.” John said and chuckled a little. Sherlock cheeks had changed into an even darker shade of red and he nodded softly. “Thank you John... And... And I think you're very beautiful too...” Sherlock manage to murmur after a long train of thought that would probably have taken the average person a whole day to think through but for him it took merely a few seconds. Maybe he was crossing boundaries once again, but right now they were complimenting each other, so it should be fine. “I like your lovely blonde hair, and I like the fact that you can dress in anything and still look wonderful. Not many men can do that.” Sherlock admitted shyly, biting his lip. John was also blushing a deeper shade of red now and he shook his head fondly. “Oh stop it... You can't be serious about that. I... I have to go to the loo...” John suddenly said, having to interrupt this very out of the ordinary situation he had been put in.  “I'll only be a moment.” John said and crawled out of bed and hurried to the bathroom.
John skipped down the stairs, his steps light and airy as he headed down to the kitchen to heat up their cups of tea. Mrs. Holmes smiled at him and tilted her head. “Oh, did the tea get cold?” She asked, trying not to have a curious tone in her voice. John nodded and blushed. “Yeah- Yeah it did. The cake was so great that... That we forgot to drink the tea with it.” John said and did a nervous laugh to try to be convincing. But he also rubbed his neck sheepishly, which usually gave him away when he was lying. Mrs. Holmes nodded. “I see, well, that's a very easy thing to do. The cake was quite delicious after all. But me and William are still feeling a bit peckish, and I think Mycroft is too. Would you and Sherlock like something more to eat? Oh and John, are you staying the night?” She asked, trying to throw it in casually to not make a big deal about it in case John was shy about it, which she could bet he was. John froze and looked at Mrs. Holmes. “Oh, uh, I'd, yeah, I'd love to stay for the night... If I'm allowed.” He said and nodded quickly. Mrs. Holmes smiled. “Of course you're allowed. Do you need some help to tell your parents you won't be home until tomorrow?” She asked and John squirmed a bit. Right. His parents. He sighed. “I'll... I'll just tell them I'm staying at Mike's... Sorry...” He mumbled. “It's not- It's not Sherlock's fault it's just... When my father found out I was hanging out with Sherlock he... He didn't want me to see him anymore.” John explained. “And well... You saw the aftermath of our conversation too...” He said and stroke his face a little, even though his wounds had healed. Mrs. Holmes bit her lip a little and nodded. “Alright dear... This once, you can tell this lie, but I think we should all meet one evening and talk everything out. It would be so much easier if we just all got along, wouldn't it?” She said and smiled kindly. John nodded. “Yeah... Yeah it would. I want nothing else. But just... Not tonight. I want... I want to stay without something bad happening.” John admitted and swallowed hard. Mrs. Holmes got up from her seat with a smile and walked over to John, cupping his cheek kindly. “Nothing bad will happen. Both me and my husband will make sure of that, alright?” She said and John felt tears starting to bubble in his eyes. He nodded meekly. “Alright.” He agreed and sniffed a little. Mrs. Holmes sighed. “Oh come here-” She sighed fondly and took John into his arms, holding him gently. “You're such a strong and wonderful man, but you need protecting sometimes too, and there's nothing wrong with that. And we are all here for you now, always.” She hummed thoughtfully and smiled, John letting out a soft little sob. “Thank- Thank you-” He stuttered. “John?” Sherlock said as he suddenly reached the kitchen. “What- What's wrong-” He said and rushed to him, practically pushing his mother away to take John in his own arms instead. “John?” He said, his voice almost like a whimper. John nodded. “I'm fine Sherlock, promise.” John said and sniffled. Mrs. Holmes nodded, stroking her sons curls a little. “He's fine love, we just had a little moment, but it's all fine. It's happy tears.” She explained and John nodded agreeingly. Sherlock sighed softly and held John tighter. “Okay... If you promise...” He said and John nodded. “Promise.” He whispered and pressed a shy kiss to Sherlock's cheek. “I'm staying the night, your mother said I could.” John murmured and Sherlock smiled at his mother. “Brilliant.” Sherlock grinned and kissed the top of John's head. “And I also asked if you two wanted a snack. We were feeling a bit hungry.” Mrs. Holmes added and Sherlock nodded. “I'd love some, John?” He asked and John nodded too. “Yeah, yeah I'd like some too.” John said and pulled back to smile at Mrs. Holmes kindly and to rub his eyes. Mrs. Holmes beamed, unused to her son keeping up with them and actually eating. “Then we'll make some snacks for all of us!” She cooed and clasped her hands happily.
John had dressed fairly nicely, not something that he usually bothered with doing. And it seemed Sherlock had had the same idea. A nice deep purple shirt was neatly buttoned under the black suit jacket and he had tied his usual navy scarf around his neck tightly. John wore his favourite oatmeal jumper with a checkered blue shirt underneath, and a black jacket over top of it.
“Now, what do you need or want right now? Do you need to load a bit?” John asked and Sherlock shook his head.
from your care right now, I will give you another chance to explain to me why you are worthy of continuing your care of him,” Mycroft said firmly and John rubbed a hand over his forehead.
John jumped around with his mates happily, people starting to slowly come down from the bleachers to congratulate them. He looked up, seeing Sherlock cheering. He smiled. So Sherlock had actually stayed and cheered him on? Sherlock bit his lip nervously, not sure what to do as he suddenly caught John's gaze. “I'll be right back yeah? And then we'll head to that pizza place to celebrate.” John nodded and began jumping up the bleachers towards Sherlock.
“They're here, they're here!” Mrs. Holmes shouted to Mr. Holmes as she rushed to the door. She opened it up, the slightly plump woman beaming as she saw the two boys on the doorstep. “Oh! Hello! You must be John then, it's so nice to meet you!” She beamed and took John's hand, shaking it first before tutting at herself and pulling John into a big hug. John's eyes widened but he quickly hugged Mrs. Holmes back. Sherlock was right. He was surprised indeed. “Mrs.- Mrs. Holmes. Thank you so much for your kindness and for having me over.” John groaned out softly as he was being squeezed by Sherlock's mother. “Mother please...” Sherlock muttered and Mrs. Holmes let go reluctantly. “Oh, sorry, there there.” She said and corrected John's shirt. Soon enough, Mr. Holmes appeared behind his wife, putting a hand on her shoulder. “John Watson.” He said and reached forward, shaking John's hand with a warm smile. John blushed a little and nodded. “Mr. Holmes, nice to meet you.” He said, even bowing a little, not sure what to do. In his eyes, the father was an authority, after how he had been treated at home. Mr. Holmes beamed. “Well come inside then, no use standing out here.” He said and wrapped his arm around John's shoulders to help him inside. John flinched quickly, fear setting in with the close touch. Sherlock noticed it too and bit his lip. Mr. Holmes moved his arm away equally as fast. “Sorry.” He said, and tilted his head, smiling at John. John nodded. “No. It's fine. I'm sorry too.” John said and looked over at Sherlock. Only then he first realised his face must still look quite messed up and that he owed Sherlock's parents an explanation. “I- I don't always look like this. In the face I mean. I'm not one to get into fights. This was not really even because of I fight I was- uhm- I fell down and hit my eye on a branch.” John said, biting his lip a little. God that must've been the worst lie ever. Mr. Holmes nodded. “I see.” He said, keeping his soft smile. “Those pesky branches.” He said knowingly as he began walking towards the living room. John sighed in relief, even though he felt like Mr. Holmes hadn't bought it at all. He removed his shoes and followed Sherlock into the living room.
“Hey, you want to look in some books?” Mike asked and Sherlock shook his head. Mike sighed and scratched his head. “I know you don’t like being without John, he’s not very understanding sometimes is he?” Mike said but Sherlock just sat still at that. Mike went to his desk and grabbed a pen and some paper, putting it on the side table for Sherlock. “Here, if you want to draw, or write something instead. John will be back in no time, promise,” Mike smiled and sat back down by his desk.
“We don’t go outside in pyjamas though, alright?” John smiled and nodded for Sherlock to go get changed.
Chapter 11- I don't really eat...
“Not really, no. I’ve gotten used to it though… A bit,” John cleared his throat. “But uhm… Now that you’re here, maybe being around someone isn’t too bad,” John smiled and Sherlock blushed, smiling to himself.
Chapter 41 – A heated moment
John rolled over in the bed, wrapping his arms around Sherlock. He groaned a little, pressing close. Sherlock smiled in his sleep, pressing back into John. “Mmmm...” He hummed in his sleep, John smiling as well now, pressing closer. “Sherlock...” He murmured quietly, nuzzling what he realised was Sherlock's neck. John blushed a little, slowly waking up, realising he was actually spooning Sherlock, completely pressed flush against the back of his body. “Sherlock?” He said, this time sounding a bit more awake. Though Sherlock was still fast asleep, smiling to himself. “Mmmm... John.... John.... /More/....” Sherlock breathed, making John's cheeks heat up into a bright red colour. “Uhm, Sherlock?” He said and gently shook the detective. “Hmm? John?” Sherlock frowned, cracking open his eyes. “Oh... You're awake...” Sherlock said with a yawn, stretching a little, blushing when he realised he was spooned by John. John smiled a little. “Yeah, I'm awake.” He said and placed his head back down on the pillow. “Did you sleep well?” John asked and Sherlock couldn't help but smile bigger. “Best sleep I've ever had.” He said and even though he wanted nothing else than to continue being spooned by John, he turned around to face him, smiling lovingly at him. “You?” Sherlock said and placed a hand on John's naked chest, blushing. John nodded. “Yeah, yeah, best sleep I've ever had too...” John agreed, leaning forward gently to press a shy kiss to Sherlock's cheek, minding his bad morning breath. “We should probably get ready for school...” John murmured when he spotted Sherlock's clock on the nightstand, yawning softly. Sherlock pouted. “What if we skipped school... And just snuggled like this all day?” Sherlock suggested happily. John chuckled. “Yeah, I'd love that, don't know if our parents would love that as much.” John smiled and kissed Sherlock's cheek once more, wrapping his arm around Sherlock's waist and pulling him close. “It's a rather short day today. I just have a bit of rugby practice afterwards, and after that, maybe we could go on a date or something?” John suggested carefully.
John whispered but let out a soft sudden grunt as he hit his foot on- He frowned as he looked at the white box connected to the wall. “What is that…” John muttered as he held his foot, rubbing the top where he had banged it into the box.
“I know, I know alright? Which is why I need you to look after Sherlock for just a moment yeah? Please? I won’t be long, promise,” John stuttered out quickly as Sherlock sat outside Mike’s room, waiting silently. Mike sighed.
Chapter 7 – I worry about him
“Just, stay close yeah? Otherwise, we can’t go outside anymore. I need you to… To be safe alright?” John said, his patience wearing a bit thin. He was really trying his best to keep everything under control, but Sherlock’s excitement-levels were all over the place and it was hard to keep up.
Finally, the car began pulling up into a gravel driveway in front of a huge house, the biggest he had seen so far. He swallowed heavily and looked back at Sherlock. “This- This is where you live?” He said and Sherlock blushed heavily with a soft nod. Sherlock had of course told his parents they were coming, and they had been over the moon, telling Sherlock they would prepare all sorts of things. Sherlock had told them to try to keep it down a bit and that John was very shy. Which John wasn't really in person, but in this situation, he was. Sherlock opened his door and got out, walking around to the other side and helping John out. “Thanks.” John said and smiled crookedly, taking a deep breath and clearing his throat before starting to walk towards the house with Sherlock.
“But… Why does she have to be
“It’s alright, John. You don’t need to explain yourself to me. Or the situation. Or whatever you’re doing. I’m just happy to see this… Version of you. It doesn’t have to be a new you, or even the John you were before everything you’ve gone through, but it can be a version of you, that I must say, I enjoy a lot, and it seems like you do too,” Ella said thoughtfully, and John paused for a moment before nodding his head.
Chapter 24 -  Maybe Harry was right
“You were sneaking up on me, why?” Sherlock asked, visibly confused. John blushed and scratched his jaw a little.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Why don’t you just consider it, John?” Ella said with an exasperated sigh, rubbing her forehead before letting her hand fall down into her lap beside her notebook. “I don’t understand what you have against it. You are blogging already, don’t tell me you are against new technology because
“Well, that’s great, John. I’m glad you took my suggestion to heart and that it has gone well so far,” she smiled and grabbed her notebook out of the bag. John nodded, sinking down into his chair a bit.
Sherlock observed all of the groceries as he tried to figure out where to put them away one by one. John soon came in after him and hurried into the kitchen, gently placing a hand over Sherlock’s. “Thank you for carrying up the groceries, I really appreciate it,” John spoke softly. Sherlock swallowed thickly and turned around. He scratched his curls before glancing up at John.
“Mate, it’s just for an hour, tops, I promise,” John interrupted and Sherlock flinched a little at the tone in his voice. Mike sighed but nodded and John nodded back, letting go of Sherlock’s arm. “I’ll be right back. Be… Be good okay?” John said before rushing out the door.
my meeting with Ella that we would do something together. It’s just an hour Sherlock. You have patience to wait that don’t you? And she really doesn’t deserve to be glared at. You wouldn’t even
Chapter 33 -  Mummy always have things like that ready
“Home. Stay at home,” Sherlock nodded and John nodded.
Chapter 14 -  A friend your age in a car like that
I happen to know that. What matters is that it happened, and it wasn’t a very good look for you,” Mycroft growled at John who licked his lips nervously.
What John didn't see though, was that Sherlock was positively grinning from ear to ear now, trying to keep his breathing relaxed so that John would think he was already fast asleep. This was what he wanted. This was what he needed. He needed John and he needed his strong arm around him. He needed to feel John's chest slowly rising and falling. Well, it wasn't really that slow right now, and he could certainly hear John's heart beating quickly in his chest. But Sherlock knew it was because of the right thing, even though it would be hard for him to get John to admit it. But he would try his best. Slowly. Slowly he would coax the rugby player to understand what was happening, and maybe with a bit of Harry's help, that wouldn't be too difficult.
“Alright, easy now, hey,” John pulled Sherlock back, holding him still in his arms. Sherlock looked at Ella with wide eyes.
Honestly, it felt a bit strange. Having a person… An object… An object with a working mind on a trial period as if they were a tv subscription. But it also reassured John that if things would start going completely wrong, he had an out. No matter how harsh that escape might look like to the android.
Sherlock stood frozen in place yet again, not able to move. It... It had gone far too well. Better than he could've ever imagined. And they were fine now. He could tell. He smiled contently and finally managed to move back to his spot on the bleachers, sitting back down besides Molly with a stupidly large grin on his face.
John got home after a little over half an hour of chugging on the bus and as soon as he stepped through the door, he texted Sherlock.
“Mike? Sorry we, I, fell asleep when we finally got home,” John nearly whispered into the phone. “Yeah yeah, I’m fine… Sherlock is… Getting there. I didn’t get too much info from his… Creator, what happened, but Sherlock should be fine for now,” John sighed and held up his hand, resisting for a moment before gently stroking a curl away from Sherlock’s forehead. He smiled a little, listening to Mike chastise him for his choices. “I know. I know, I did something very wrong and I’ll be better,” he admitted and Mike got quiet. If it was something Mike wasn’t used to, it was John admitting he was wrong. Of course, John would ask for forgiveness, apologize, but very rarely would he admit he was wrong. John paused for a moment before continuing. “If there’s any costs I need to cover for your android, I’ll try my best to-” John continued but was quickly cut off by Mike, telling him he didn’t need to worry about that and that the android had already been reset and was working just fine. John sighed and nodded, looking back down at Sherlock who had started frowning from the noise. He seemed to be genuinely asleep somehow, and John had thought that wasn’t even possible… “I’ll hang up now, talk to you later yeah?” John whispered and put away his phone before slowly, tentatively wrapping his arm around Sherlock’s shoulders again.
It was Monday morning, and after the turbulent weekend, both Sherlock and John had parted ways later in the afternoon, needing some time to rest, study, and recover. They of course ended up texting all evening, and well into the night, and by the time John was standing by his locker, he couldn't stop yawning. Mike smirked. “Morning sleepyhead.” He said and punched John playfully on his shoulder. John smiled crookedly. “Morning.” He said and rubbed a hand through his wild and tangled hair. “Didn't get much sleep last night?” Mike asked and John nodded. “Yeah... It got a bit late, but I'm alright.” John said and smiled gently. “Did you sleep alright then?” John asked, scratching his neck a little. Mike nodded. “Yeah, yeah, after cleaning up the aftermath of the party I was quite exhausted myself.” Mike said and chuckled. “But yeah it was really great John, you should've stayed longer. I hooked up with this bird, I think she's from another school close to here and- John? John are you listening to me?” Mike said with a frown as he noticed that his friend wasn't even looking at him. John had just caught a glimpse of Sherlock stumbling into the hallway, just as tired and frazzled looking as himself. He smiled a little and held up his hand as a subtle wave, and Sherlock noticed and smiled back. Sherlock was torn, though, not sure what to do. He wanted to go up to John, but he wasn't sure if it was appropriate. John noticed the other's hesitation and smiled fondly, just as nervous, but he wouldn't let the nerves get the best of him. “Hey Sherl, come here!” John shouted and waved him over. Sherlock's eyes glittered excitedly and he made a soft happy noise, quickly hurrying over to John and Mike. “Good morning Mike, John.” Sherlock said, clutching his books, trying his best not to grin too much. John smiled. “Good morning Sherlock.” He said and Mike nodded. “Morning Sherlock. God, you look just as bad as John does.” Mike noticed and John blushed deeply. Sherlock licked his lips. “I- I slept with wet hair and- and I had lots of nightmares.” Sherlock made up quickly, his gaze flickering to John. “That sucks.” Mike said and sighed a little.
“Let's have some crisps, I'm bloody starving actually.” He said and tried to open the bags as quietly as possible. Sherlock nodded. “I'm quite hungry as well.” Sherlock said, moving up on the bed a bit more. “Wait.” John said and began fluffing up the pillows so they could lounge in it the same way they had at Mike's. “There, much better. Let's see what's on the telly, even though late night programs usually aren't the best.” John said and turned on his rather small telly. Sherlock shrugged. “I quite enjoy crap night telly, it's mindless fun and it helps my brain relax.” Sherlock said and then chuckled a little when John did. “Alright, /crap/ telly it is then.” He said and nudged Sherlock playfully, causing him to drop his crisps. “Hey, not fair.” Sherlock said and nudged John back. John smirked. “You know you stand no chance up against a rugby player in the nudging department, right?” He said and Sherlock did a cute little huff. “I most certainly do, because I have the brains to figure out how to deflect any attack before you even make them.” Sherlock challenged, keeping his head held high. “Oh really?” John said, raising a cheeky eyebrow. “Really-” Sherlock began but yelped as John pounced on him, pushing him down onto the bed, starting to tickle his sides. Sherlock gasped and began to giggle frantically. “This- This is cheating- John- John Watson-” Sherlock said between gasps, grinning, giggling, and squirming underneath John's touch. “Shh, you'll wake the whole house up!” John said and chuckled back, continuing to tickle him. “And it's not cheating, I've just found your soft spot.” John said with a smirk, straddling one of Sherlock's legs to keep him pinned down. Sherlock blushed more and grabbed at John's wrists. “Time- Time out- Time out-” He stuttered, panting hard, and John stopped instantly. “Do you surrender then, Mr. Highly-intellectual-I-can-deduce-your-every-move-guy?” John smirked and Sherlock tried to desperately catch his breath. He shook his head. “I never surrender to a cheater!” Sherlock said and quickly scanned John's body, realising where he had to put pressure to be able to reverse the rolls. And with a soft yelp, John was quickly turned onto his back and Sherlock was pinning him down instead. Sherlock smirked triumphantly. “What do you say now then, Mr. I'm-a-muscly-rugby-player-but-I-still-cheat-and-go-for-the-tickles?” Sherlock said with a wicked grin and John smirked back. “Well, I must say, that I am defeated. That was pretty impressive.” He said and Sherlock smiled, letting go and quickly moved off John when he realised he was straddling him. “Good. And it was very impressive considering how strong you are compared to myself.” Sherlock hummed. “But don't worry, I won't tell your rugby mates I beat you.” Sherlock smirked and leaned back against the pillows. John smiled. “And I won't tell anyone your weakness is tickling, because I could, in a heartbeat.” He said and winked, moving up to the pillows as well.
The car was waiting already of course, and John climbed in, nodding to the driver who recognised him now. Sherlock climbed in the back as well, more eager than nervous. He was a bit nervous too of course, but mostly about Mycroft. He would probably become nosey and would try to find out all sorts about John. He looked over at John shyly. No, he wouldn't tell him about his brother, perhaps John would change his mind about coming over then. He wanted to do something to calm John, he could tell how nervous he was. But he couldn't do much, could he? Perhaps a gentle hand on John's on the seat... He let his hand gently graze John's, just to see what would happen. John quickly looked up at Sherlock and blushed, but a little smile appeared on his lips. He quickly looked to the window, and left his hand right where it was, underneath Sherlock's. Sherlock could barely believe that the gentle touch had worked and he blushed deeply and looked outside the other window, keeping his hand in place over John's for the whole ride home.
“I don't think I'll be able to fall asleep.” John admitted when they calmed down a bit. Sherlock smiled and shook his head. “Me either.” He said and moved closer to John, wanting to be wrapped in that warm embrace. John smiled and got the hint, quickly wrapping his arms around Sherlock and holding him close. “But it doesn't matter, we'll just sleep in class instead.” Sherlock said with a cheeky grin. John gasped. “Sherlock Holmes, sleeping in class? Is that even a possibility?!” John said dramatically, earning himself a gentle kick to his leg. “It is, when I'm with you.” Sherlock said and slowly leaned forward. “I'll sleep through all of my classes if that means I get to have more time with you...” Sherlock admitted quietly, whispering the words against John's lips before kissing them softly, his eyes fluttering shut and the kissing getting deeper and deeper.
Later that day, John was finishing up rugby practice, meeting Mike in the changing room. “Christ that Sherlock bloke really has an attitude doesn't he?” John said with a huff. Mike chuckled. “Really? I've heard he's mostly quiet. Maybe he just doesn't get along with your face.” Mike laughed and tossed a towel in John's face. John growled. “What's wrong with my face? I'm perfectly fine looking.” He muttered and pulled on his boxers underneath his towel that was tied neatly around his waist. Mike smirked. “Yeah yeah, and when was the last time you had a date then hmm?” Mike teased. John rolled his eyes. “Lay off it alright? And it wasn't that long ago, mind you.” He said with another huff, pulling on his t-shirt.
It had gotten very quiet in the room while the two of them enjoyed the cake. John was mostly quiet because he wanted to give Sherlock some space, unsure of what was going through his head at the moment. He was so angry at what had happened, and John wished he could've done even more. “You're overthinking it.” Sherlock said suddenly after placing the empty plate on the nightstand. He sighed and looked at John, biting his lip. “You couldn't have done anything more John... You did what needed to be done and you did it well. Stop kicking yourself about it, please.” Sherlock pleaded, looking into John's eyes. John blushed. It had been that obvious apparently. He nodded. “I'll try, it's just...” John sighed and rubbed his forehead. “It's just that you mean so much to me Sherlock, in a way... in a way I don't particularly understand, and I just wish...” John trailed off, reaching for his tea and taking a sip. Sherlock looked at John with big eyes. He meant so much to John. He quickly reached forward, placing a hand on John's knee. “You mean just as much to me John.” He nodded sincerely. John smiled and chuckled. “Cheers.” He said and nodded, not really catching on to what Sherlock was really trying to say. Sherlock sighed. This was difficult indeed.
Chapter 8 – You're easy to deduce
John chuckled a little and began moving with Sherlock to the bed. “Come here. I really am sorry okay? Of course you feel like you can't talk with me when I react this way...” John murmured shyly and sat down on the bed, pulling Sherlock into his arms, much like they had been laying at Mike's after the mishap at the party. Sherlock nodded, his face still buried in John's chest. “I forgive you.” He murmured quietly, gripping John's shirt tightly. John nodded. “Thank you...” He murmured back and wrapped a blanket around them, nuzzling Sherlock's unruly morning curls. “Some morning this was then.” He said and snorted softly. Sherlock smiled a little. “I wouldn't change it for the world.” He promised dearly.
“Of course! It’s a bit silly but- whatever you want me to do, sir!” Sherlock said quickly before starting to walk in the completely wrong direction.
“Well, do you want to give him something as a friend, or do you want to give him something that is a subtle hint for... something more.” Mycroft asked, raising a curious eyebrow. Sherlock swallowed, blushing deeply. “I... I don't know Myc... He's not... I mean, at least I don't think he is... you know.” Sherlock mumbled. “Attracted to men?” Mycroft finished and Sherlock blushed more, nodding. “Well, there's only one way to find out isn't there?” Mycroft said and tilted his head, smiling softly. Sherlock shook his head. “I've never had such a good friend before though, what if I just ruin it all by 'trying to find out'?” Sherlock said and bit his lip. Mycroft closed his laptop and moved closer with his chair. “If you ask me, at the restaurant last night, he didn't seem completely opposed to the thought of being cuddly and close to you. Then again, friends can have that sort of relationship too, I suppose.” He said and shrugged. “But I doubt he is completely against it, or homophobic, because if he was I'm sure he wouldn't have let you feed him like he did.” Mycroft said thoughtfully. Sherlock sighed, nodding a little. “I... I guess you're right. And Molly Hooper, a girl in school, she said John is not good at keeping girlfriends at all. That he usually gets dumped even though he has a good reputation as a boyfriend. Gentle... Caring... The whole lot. But he would never say that he got dumped.” Sherlock told his brother. Mycroft nodded. “Interesting. It can mean a lot of different things though, it's hard to say Sherlock. It might mean everything or it might not mean anything.” Mycroft said and leaned back into his chair, letting out a thoughtful hum. “Perhaps you can buy him something that is nicer than some of the things he has now, maybe something that could be sentimental but not tacky, in other words, not something smothered with pretty little hearts. That would be too obvious as well. But if you buy something too nice, maybe his father will react to it. So maybe something nice that isn't on show that much or something that he can easily keep to himself...” Mycroft pondered out loud, trying to give Sherlock ideas on what to get.
It was to be expected, but Sherlock still wished him complimenting John had gone a bit better than that. Sherlock flopped over to his back, still smiling though from the compliments he had recieved, but he was indeed a little upset that John had just got up and left when he was trying to do the same. But in all fairness, John probably wasn't used to a man complementing him on such thing, other than just banter between him and his friends. Sherlock looked around the room, wondering if John would want him to leave or if he could stay longer. Perhaps the whole day. He began thinking about what they could do, looking around the room for ideas. There was a few board games, one of them being Cluedo. Silly game, stupid rules, but if John wanted to play it, he definitely would. John seemed to also have some sort of video game console tucked on the shelf under his rather old telly. It looked quite old as well, so it was probably none of the new consoles that Sherlock had seen commercials about. He didn't really know much about video games since he had never bothered with searching or remembering information about it, but again, if John wanted to play some video games, he definitely would do it too.
“William! William!” Mrs. Holmes called out to her husband as she rushed downstairs to the kitchen where Mr. Holmes were sorting out all the groceries. Mr. Holmes frowned. “Is something wrong?” He asked quickly, concerned. Mrs. Holmes beamed and shook her head. “No- No-” She said, trying to catch her breath. “No, nothing's wrong. It's just, our boy, our little boy-” She stuttered and gasped, clasping her hands together. Mr. Holmes frowned deeper. “Sweetheart, what's going on?” He said calmly, taking her hands. She let out a soft noise of joy. “It's Sherlock, and John, /in bed/, cuddling!” She said and made another happy noise, taking Mr. Holmes's hands and holding them tightly. William's frown turned into a big smile and he nodded his head. “Mmm, wonderful.” He said and gave her a loving hug. Mrs. Holmes sniffed a bit. “I- I know I shouldn't be like this and- but it's Sherlock's first boyfriend and- and it's so special and I didn't think he would let someone in like that and-” She started rambling and William wrapped his arms around her tighter. “Shh, shh it's okay, calm down dearest. I know, you've been worried about this before, but now you see, there's nothing to worry about, just like I told you.” He said softly and stroke her hair. Mycroft walked into the kitchen, looking for a snack when he saw his mother in tears. “What's wrong mummy?” He asked worriedly and his father shook his head. “Everything is fine, your mother has just happily discovered that John and Sherlock might very well be in a relationship together.” William beamed. Mycroft made an 'ugh'-noise and rolled his eyes. “Oh, /that/. Yes, very well, and yes, they are in a relationship, for your information.” He said and grabbed a bag of crisps. “Myc!” Mrs. Holmes scolded. “How long have you known this for?!” She exclaimed and Mycroft blushed. “Only a few hours mummy, promise.” The older brother reassured her. Mrs. Holmes calmed down a little and nodded. “Good, good... Because I need to know these things alright? Is that understood?” She said and Mycroft nodded before quickly leaving the kitchen, no use in staying when his mother was this emotional.
“I don't think my apology worked...” Sherlock said as he came back downstairs to the kitchen where John was helping to clean up. John smiled and wrapped his arms around Sherlock. “I think it did, he just needs more time to cool off. He'll realise it tomorrow morning I'm sure.” John said and squeezed Sherlock in his arms. Mrs. Holmes smiled. “You boys can go get ready for bed upstairs, everything is almost done down here.” She smiled and kissed Sherlock's cheek and then patted John's cheek lovingly. “Night night boys.” She cooed and John blushed. “G'night...” He said and blushed a little, not used to being so lovingly sent to bed. “Good night mother.” Sherlock said and kissed her cheek back. Mrs. Holmes saw how significant it was to John, and that made her only smile wider. “Say good night to father from me.” Sherlock said and started pulling John upstairs. “Y-Yeah, from me too-” John said and smiled as he hurried upstairs after Sherlock.
“Right, I don't know about you but I really need something sweet and a coffee to finish my meal.” Mr. Holmes declared when they were getting closer to finishing their plates of food. John was absolutely stuffed and by now he was leaning back in the comfortable seat, holding his belly just a little. But dessert did sound nice. “They have a few choices of cake John, the birthday boy- man-, should have a cake after all.” Mr. Holmes encouraged. John smiled and nodded, sitting up a bit better. “I'm so incredibly full, thank you so much for this lovely dinner Mr. and Mrs. Holmes.” John said dearly and nodded. Sherlock's parent's smiled and nodded. “Our pleasure dear.” Mrs. Holmes said and smiled at him. John looked to Sherlock. “Their... Their cake slices looks massive, fancy sharing one?” He asked and Sherlock looked up quickly, blushing. “Yes. Yes we can definitely share. I'm quite full as well.” Sherlock said and put the menu between them so they could pick what they wanted. “I'm not very picky with my desserts, as long as they're sweet.” John chuckled. “What would you like?” He asked Sherlock, being ever so considerate. Sherlock hummed, looking through the menu. He was a fan of sweets after all. “What about the triple chocolate fudge cake? If you like chocolate, that is.” Sherlock said and bit his lip shyly. John nodded. “That sounds incredible, let's go for that.” He agreed, sinking back down into his seat. The whole dinner had been like a dream for him, and even though he had kept his phone in the pocket of his jeans the whole time, it hadn't buzzed at all. But it didn't bother him, because he was having fun and was taken care of by the Holmes family, and it was amazing.
“I don’t think this is a good idea, but, I’ll watch over him okay? But if something happens, you’re responsible yeah?” Mike said sternly with a finger pointed in the air at John who nodded swiftly.
“Sherlock turned himself off. He decided to do an emergency shutdown. Why he did so, we’re not as certain as his speech is still buffering. So is his ability to walk, as you can see. It takes a while from a sudden shutdown to recover. He might not even remember you right now but the further he gets into his reboot he will,” Mycroft explained as Sherlock got closer to John’s bed. John swallowed heavily. Regret washed over him from all of the decisions he had made that had led up to this point, and he quickly held out his hand for Sherlock to take, if he wanted to.
