Jack, Dean and Castiel were playing chess one day when Jack suddenly says, “Well, looks like Sam’s here. I feel his presence.”
Sam pulls away and nods, he looks at him with an admirable expression. He missed his best friend. He mourned him. He was really confused as to why he didn’t meet him if he was out of the Empty, but he knew all the questions he had would be answered soon, so he didn’t want to have an argument right now, he didn’t want to re-live the pain. He just wanted to be grateful that Castiel is right here, and he’s okay, and that’s all that mattered to him.
Miracle lived with Sam and Eileen as well. He would try to comfort Sam when he cried for Dean, whining and licking his face. Miracle grieved Dean too. There were times where he would sit in front of Sam’s bed’s side table, where there is a picture frame of Sam, Dean, Castiel and Jack next to the Impala. He would stare at the frame wagging his tail, because he found it comforting.
They all stood outside Dean’s room and waited while Castiel dragged on a pair of Dean’s sweatpants and an old flannel shirt, and when he came out, Dean reached out to him and straightened the collar, then turned the unbuttoned cuffs up one at a time. “There,” he said. “Comfy?”
“There,” Cas announced, stepping back and dropping his hand from Dean’s rear end, “you are free of tiny vampires.”
“Mmm, yeah, time fer bed,” Dean mumbled. But instead of getting up, he relaxed into Castiel’s body, slumping into sleep.
“So you wanna do what Sam and Jack are doing? Learn to float?” Cas turned his head toward their voices, carrying across the water from the other side of the dock.
The phone in Castiel’s pocket vibrated, and he pulled it out to see Dean’s name and number lighting it up. He composed himself quickly, lifting it to his ear to answer. “Dean. There are demons here, but I still don’t have a count.”
Dean sighed. He supposed he was done freezing to death; if he’d been trying to prove something, he’d now forgotten what it was. “So, you jus’ gonna sit there an’ be snarky, or you gonna warm me up now?”
The angels had all been warned about it. Millenia ago (in Earth time), Castiel had been warned, too. Humans might call the stories legend at best, gossip at worst, but there were instructive and titillating tales in Heaven oft told of the ones who’d been tempted and become lost. Beguiled. Debauched. Seduced by human souls. Castiel had listened with half an ear, never thinking it would happen to him, yet now here he was: One of those cautionary tales himself.
Dean held the covers open, so Cas could slide underneath this time, and settled down to make himself comfortable next to his friend. It was weird, having Cas beside him without clothes; he’d so seldom seen the angel without his multiple layers. Castiel’s body seemed so much thinner without the trench coat. So much more human. Except for the way he lay on his back stiffly and stared at the ceiling.
,” Cas repeated, amazement in his voice. “Dean, you couldn’t hear my voice or see my true form—but you can feel me singing!”
“Wait, hol’ on,” Dean sputtered, bringing a gloved hand up to halt him. “You know I… if I say some stuff…”
The space blanket wasn’t helping much, and it was taking all Dean had to keep his teeth from chattering as his muscles convulsed and his body shook. But despite the cold and his earlier joking, he didn’t
Dean gestured at his midsection. “‘Knocked up’ means pregnant. You’ll get a girl pregnant. You do that and there’s gonna be problems.”
Dean ran a hand through his hair. He wished he could just say “Keep it in your pants,” like John had to him, but he knew how well that had worked.
“That time Ramiel stuck you and we all thought you were gonna croak in that barn, you… you said you loved me. You loved all of us…” And suddenly Dean recognized the emotion of that moment, the thing that had swelled in his chest that night, that he’d pushed down, terrified of losing it. Of
Castiel blinked at him in the dark, lips glistening. “You can feel my vibration?” There was a certain breathlessness to his question.
Sam dialed a few numbers. “Yeah, hi,” he began, “we’re trapped on 80, stuck on the shoulder at mile marker 412. We ran it over… Yes, I know the road is closed now. Yes… we’ll be alright… no one’s injured… Of course.... Right—we’ll stay with the car…”
Dean had planned to make it back to the bunker that night, but they’d only logged about two hours in the Impala before the Motel 6 sign loomed up from the side of the highway, and he found himself heading up the exit ramp.
“I’m sorry,” the angel said contritely, vowing no more woolgathering. He stepped closer, noticing the way the fine, downy hairs on Dean’s back glowed in the lamp light. Should he use the tweezers? That just seemed clumsy, and liable to take some hair with it… “May I touch you?”
want any of what Sam just had. He didn’t need to start gushing and pawing at Cas like the drunk girl at the roadhouse. If Cas put that magic heart mojo on him, he had no idea what might come out of his mouth. Or maybe he did… that was even scarier.
Dean stared at him wide-eyed, startled. “I’m thinking…” Then he shook Castiel’s left hand off and grabbed his wrist, pulling him back and into the corner of the laundromat where the vending machines hummed next to the restroom door, and the two of them were no longer visible through the big plate glass windows that fronted on Main Street in Lebanon, Kansas.
“No... That’s it, just ‘no’?” Dean sat up straighter, starting to bristle. “Dude, I couldn’t help myself, A., and B., I distinctly remember you saying, ‘What happens in Vegas…’”
Castiel watched a drop of water roll down the side of Dean’s face. He could feel waves of tension radiating from the man. After spending forty years in Hell and fighting monsters his entire life, why was a small insect on his genitals so distressing?
This time, he would not take that for granted. This time, he would enjoy his humanity to the utmost. This time, he knew just how short life could be.
“No. No, I just… suffice it to say I’m a little overwhelmed. You know?” He looked back at Cas, his face open and anxious.
“Awesome.” Dean clapped him on the back, still grinning, butterflies in his stomach, and walked up ahead to unlock the Impala. He couldn't stop grinning all the way home.
Jack smiled back and they started for the car, feet sloughing through pine needles as Dean checked himself and made sure he still had his knife and his .45 with him. Just as they reached the trail with the wooden stairs that climbed toward the road, a long howl echoed from the lake.
“Hey, don’t bother with that,” Dean said, stepping toward Cas and grabbing his elbow. “C’mon, just… come out of here. I’m tired. Let’s go…” He suddenly wanted nothing more than to rewind, to try again, to just show Cas that he could be there and be supportive and unselfish—and not make everything about him and his dick.
Dean was speechless for a moment, wondering if he was actually going to get another hard-on from that suggestion. His dick’s recovery attempt was valiant.
“Jack brought you back because we needed you back,” Dean had said to him at the bunker. But to Cas, it was all about his promise to be the kid’s bodyguard. And now he’d started talking about Apocalypse 2.0. Dean wasn’t sure which thought made him itchier. He’d been so happy when Cas first came back… but more than once recently, he’d caught himself mired to his own axles in a muck of childish jealousy.
Dean wondered helplessly what shade of crimson his face had become. Were they really going there? He stared down at the beer bottle in his hands, not seeing it. “Yeah, we… we love each other. He’s my best friend, see? Like a brother.” He forced himself to look up at Jack again, set the bottle back down. “But you don’t have sex with your best friend or your brother.”
Cas turned his head to look at his friend, heavy against his side; soon Dean would be drooling on his shirt. Just days ago, Dean could hardly look at him or speak to him, and now… now he was given this grace, this trust. With Dean’s heart open once again, Castiel could go back to basking in the warmth of his favorite soul. Dean’s love made Castiel’s energy burn so much brighter. Just like… well, just like God used to. Only God had never fallen asleep on Castiel’s shoulder.
Dean pulled him back in. “You said you wanted it. I want it. Sam sleeps like a damn rock. Let’s do it.”
Cas’ mouth quirked into a tiny smile, his eyes drifting closed again, and he lifted his hands to place them over Dean’s, where they pressed against his body. He let his head tip back a little.
“Alright,” Jack said without hesitation, and tucked his head down on Castiel’s thigh, curling his thin body into the middle of the sofa and plopping one socked foot into Dean’s lap. He heaved a contented sigh, and Castiel felt that might just be the loveliest sound he’d ever heard. He reached down, smoothing the hair off Jack’s forehead, marveling at its silkiness, and noting the weight and warmth of Jack’s head on his leg. It was so good to have him so close, to give him this tenderness. He stroked the boy’s head a few more times, then rested his hand carefully on Jack’s shoulder, watching as his boy… his son… the most powerful being on the planet… fell asleep in his lap.
“Can I suck yours first?” Castiel asked breathlessly, and just at that moment, the front door squeaked open, bells jangling, and Dean jerked away.
“I’m sorry,” Castiel repeated. Gently and reverently, he cupped Dean’s left buttock in one hand, and sent a soothing wisp of grace into his tailbone and up his spine. Dean stopped shivering and sighed, and Castiel could feel his taut glute release a bit.
Both brows went up. Sam surreptitiously leaned forward in his chair and sent a side-eye Jack’s way. Dean had to suppress a smile as Sam leaned back again, his expression a mixture of amusement and slight horror, which mirrored his own feelings.
Dean glanced over at him, did a little double take. Castiel smiled. Dean’s mouth crooked up at the corner, his eyes shining.
“You really think we’re going to dig our way out of this?” Sam yelled, pulling his hat down over his ears.
“Of course. Jack is my charge and he is very important. I do care for him as well. But you and I,” and here Castiel cupped Dean’s face in his warm, smooth hand, “we are
Dean did not consider himself a gay man at all, nor even truly a bisexual, though he’d stopped trying to label himself twenty years ago. He loved being with women, that was for sure. But oddly enough, he also really liked to suck dick. He’d thought about it quite a bit before he tried it for the first time—was he still a teenager then?—and found it was as sexy and fun as he’d imagined. He’d managed it a few times since, in the backs of clubs and cars and alleys, each time growing a little bolder, enjoying it a little more. Then Cas came along, and looked at him
But now that he’s in heaven What is the point of heaven when the one person he needs desperately right now isn’t here?
He mourned Cas so much on earth, drank himself half to death, bottled up his feelings and pain like he always does, while fighting God himself.
No. How could he be so stupid? How could he die on a regular hunt? The man defeated God himself. This fucking idiot. He feels horrible.
Castiel just nodded. This is the first person he fell in love with, of course he was afraid, so afraid of the love being unrequited. It almost felt more comfortable being away rather than facing Dean, in all of his more-than-a-century old life, Castiel still found it hard on how to deal with his feelings, partly because he was programmed to be an emotionless soldier and because everything he felt towards Dean was new to him, he was full of love, and he made him so happy but at the same he was afraid.  Every moment he had with Dean made sense now, even the fights they had. He loved Dean so much, it was painful.
Dean’s face was soft, but his eye-brows are now furrowed a bit. He has a lightly angry look on his face. He’s been here all this time? He was in so much pain over losing Cas, so was Sam. Why didn’t he meet him?
Castiel isn’t sure though. He needs time, just a little more, partly because he doesn’t want to burden Jack right now, or because he’s terrified of dealing with Dean right now.
He can’t cry. He cannot. Why are there no tears? There’s just this nasty feeling. He can’t explain it. He can’t breathe. Is he having a panic attack?
They pulled away, but were still standing less than a feet away from each other. Dean held on to Castiel’s upper arms, gently stroking them with his thumb, while Castiel’s hands were running up and down his chest. Neither of them were ready to let go of each other’s physical touch.
Sam just looks at Dean, Castiel, Jack, with a loving expression. He is beyond happy to be here with them. “I am so, so happy to be here. I missed you all so much.” He says while looking at each of them back and forth. Of Course he misses Eileen and his son too, but he hopes they’ll be here soon too, and he assumes Miracle is around somewhere waiting for them right now.
“I never really got the chance to experience some things in life, things that truly made me happy. I hunted all my life, I never even asked myself what was it that
Jack holds Castiel’s shoulders “No....you told me once, that they’re humans, that their time will come, and it’s going to hurt like hell but it will remind us how much we loved them.”
”I mourned you, Cas. Sam mourned you.” He has an angry look on his face but his voice is cracking, and he has tears in his eyes struggling to fall.
Castiel is getting anxious thinking about this, and even worse knowing he left Sam and Dean thinking that he’s suffering in the Empty.
Castiel is having a war in his head over Dean’s reaction to his confession, he knows Dean loves him, but is it  romantic? Dean could’ve said something right?
of people...but when you...it was a nasty feeling man, and I haven’t felt that way towards anyone else.”
Dean feels like he’s about to cry, he holds Cas tighter, and buries his nose in his neck. He never wants to let go.
After a long pause. Jack finally speaks. “Cas.” He smiles. It’s a sad smile, but regardless, still a smile. “He’s here.”
When they pull away, Dean says. “Jack- about the things I said back when- you know, please know I  didn’t mean any of them. You’re family. You always have been.”
He knew Dean was going to come here when he died, but as it has been established before, his thoughts and feelings towards Dean always get processed very slowly. It’s like his brain stops functioning when it comes to Dean. He’s so in love with him, it hurts and makes him lose braincells too.
?) he goes back to Earth, he wants to have the right words to say. He knows they will be here very soon considering the time difference, but he feels so nasty because as he’s freaking out in a matter of hours here, days are passing by on earth, and they’re mourning him and are in pain and it’s getting harder and harder to go back.
He tells Jack everything, all of it. How he fell in love with Dean, what a privilege it was to love someone as beautiful, inside and out, as Dean. All the pain, all the happiness that came with their friendship.
He doesn’t want to think about how he died. As much as he wishes he could’ve lived a long life for Cas, sadly, accidents happen. And he didn’t want Sam to face the consequences of bringing him back to life. If it’s his time, it’s his time, even if it’s not fair. He hated seeing Sam so broken. But Sam promised him that he’ll keep fighting and that’s what mattered to Dean.
They tried for a few moments to suck each other’s lips off, until Dean suddenly heard Jack’s laugh and remembered they weren’t alone. They needed to be alone. He pulled away, struggling for a moment to stand, keeping hold of Cas shoulder. “Hey,” he said, “Let’s go to the cabin.”
Someone finally appeared in the living room window of the house he was watching. A single lamp glowed, and a man came into view, walked to the window and drew the curtains shut. But not before Castiel saw his disfigured, demonic face. At one time, Cas’ grace would have been sensitive enough to detect a demon in the same city. At one time, he would have been powerful enough to fly into the house and smite all the demons into dust with a simple wave of his hand. At one time…
still offer his friends—his family—was love and companionship. He could eat and drink with them, touch and soothe them, cook them food that would taste good. He could feel and smell and see and hear his family the way other humans did.
Cas was trembling, for God’s sake, and his shorts and Dean’s sweatpants didn’t prove much of a barrier to
“I think I’d like to sleep now, Castiel,” Jack said, finally sliding down under the covers on his bed. He smiled softly. “Goodnight.”
“I’m going to help you,” Cas said. Then, as Dean watched, the angel crowded Sam back against the seat, wrapping one arm around him as if they were about to make out—and laying the other hand against Sam’s chest. “Be still,” he instructed.
The angel did seem calmer, but Dean didn’t like the idea of leaving him alone in the bathroom again. “I’m going back to bed, and you’re coming with me,” Dean told him. He gestured to the floor. “Just… you know… put your shorts back on and come on.”
“You made a fucking deal?! What kind of deal? Cas what can I do?” The blackness crept up to his thighs now, and the pain quickly became excruciating. He felt an awful sense of deja-vu—it was like the night Ramiel had stabbed him all over again. Having to see the trauma and horror in his friends’ eyes—having to fear for their safety. Why had the Empty not just taken him quickly?
Dean knew better. He stepped inside and closed the door behind him, groped for the nightlight he’d seen plugged in over the sink. Finally put a hand on it and flipped it on. He was afraid for a hot second that he’d see the terrible, black fissures spreading over Castiel’s skin again—but the tiny light only revealed Castiel’s vessel to be whole and his skin healthy. The angel’s face told a different story.
“And I would very much like to revisit the experience,” Cas said, adding carefully, “someday… when you’re ready.”
it: the warmth of Dean’s palm, the fingers splayed across his backbone, the gentle pressure his friend exerted. Castiel stopped short, and Dean stopped beside him, his body turning in, and Cas suddenly wanted to embrace him. Instead, he let himself lean in just a bit—enough to press his shoulder to Dean’s, and tip his head close enough to smell the warm scent of Dean’s neck. It smelled like home.
Dean nodded, smiling a wistful smile that Castiel didn’t quite understand. Until Dean looked pointedly at Jack, then back at him. “You’re a good dad, you know that?”
Cas made a surprised noise, and used the hand on Dean’s chest to push him away an inch or two. “Dean, no… we shouldn’t do this…”
The tick finally backed completely out, crawling onto Castiel’s finger, whereupon he found a small glee in vaporizing it.
Dean pulled him tight and pushed him against the nearest wall, feeling six feet of bare skin pressing back against his. “Right here, buddy,” he murmured.
Dean blinked. Yup, the kid was masturbating. Right there in Sam’s bed in front of God and Creation and all of them. He averted his eyes, gave a little cough and took a drag on his beer, feeling heat crawl up his neck, even as the cold brew slid down.
Cas seemed to be thinking the same thoughts. Dean glanced over to see the angel striding up beside him, feet crunching in the gravel.
“Soul or no soul, angel or no angel, you belong here,” Dean declared. He turned to Jack. “And so do you. End of story. Now get back in the bunker, it’s cold out here. My nipples can cut glass right now.”
Jack sighed, standing up straight and backing up a step. “What I had to. The Empty can only take demons and angels.”
He stood as if possessed and walked closer. He couldn’t just let this drop. He couldn’t. He was standing directly behind Dean when his friend stood and turned around, running straight into him. Dean let out a startled “oof!” and Castiel grabbed him by the arms.
“An expression of love is never wrong,” Cas replied carefully. “I too have imagined us having intercourse, if that’s what you mean by ‘get freaky.’” His eyes widened another fraction. “That is what you mean…?”
“Nowhere,” he answered, and it came out more plaintively than he intended. “I’m going nowhere. I…” He turned from Dean, trying to gather himself. “I’m so sorry, Dean,” he moaned. “I know… I know this is bad. I never intended this. It’s not what you need right now.” Dean grabbed his shoulder and spun him around, easily overpowering him. He was forced to look into his friend’s eyes. “I will do everything I can to assist you,” he blurted. “I’ll do anything you ask. I’ll try my hardest. I know it won’t be much, but…”
“No more fuckin’ monkey business tonight,” Dean slurred into his pillow. He said it as much to his dick as to Cas, but Cas replied solemnly.
Castiel gasped, trying to catch his human breath, trying to form words around the pain. He looked up at Dean wide-eyed. “No… you’re not dreaming. I… I’m sorry, Dean. I’m sorry. It’s come for me.”
Castiel picked up the sleeping bag and shook the snow off of it, and Dean watched in amazement as Sam took it, spread it out in the back seat, then took his wet coat and hat off and climbed into the bag without a word, curling toward the seat back.
Once again, Dean held the sheet open for Cas to slide in beside him. In the next bed, Sam turned over and babbled something incoherent.
cold, the wind cutting through his thin dress shirt. He wrapped his arms around himself, and felt Dean’s hand land on his lower back—just like earlier. But this time, rather than simply being aware of it, he
Castiel was beginning to find the bickering frustrating. It certainly wasn’t helping them to focus, and he was having trouble following their logic now. “What does having the biggest dick have to do with any of this?” he piped in. “Just because Sam’s penis is larger doesn’t mean he’s a better fighter. It seems irrelevant.”
So he simply gazed at his friend—taking the sight in hungrily. Cas was beautiful laid out before him in the moonlight, throat open, chest bared, fingers relaxed, dick… wet. Dean’s mouth filled with saliva.
Castiel reached for Dean’s hand where it lay on the pillow and brought it to press against his bare chest. “I’m sorry, but… I need you.”
“Take a couple of those. You gotta know how to use condoms, and you gotta use ‘em every time. If you don’t, you’re liable to knock a girl up, and I don’t know what happens when you get knocked up by a Nephilim, but I can’t believe it’s good.”
“It’s all the same to me, Dean. I enjoy any sort of intimacy with you. I like riding in your car, or drinking at the bar, or watching Netflix together, or talking on the phone. I would also enjoy sex, I’m sure.”
Castiel’s eyes twinkled in the dark. “You’ve survived worse than this. You’re very resourceful. I’m sure that…”
Sam climbed out into the blizzard, and they both watched him stagger back to the trunk against the wind. Dean cringed to think about how he was going to have to take everything out back at the bunker to dry and clean it. Snow and guns—not a good combo. He really should be back there helping to hold the trunk lid—but Sam’s orangutan arms seemed up to the task. So what was taking so long? Finally, Sam had stowed the shovel and slammed the trunk again, and Dean could see him floundering back to the passenger side with an armload of sleeping bag. He was moving pretty slow…
“You probably need to urinate,” Cas declared beside him. “I will pump gas. Leave me your credit card.”
“Yeah.” Dean slid close to his friend’s back, then, and snaked an arm around his waist, nudging his knees up under Castiel’s thighs. He raised his hand to press it against Castiel’s chest, then nestled his head into the pillow and sighed. “Like this.” Tonight, Dean would be big spoon.
It was very late, but they were all too wired to sleep, and Sam concluded it would be best if they all just stayed together and watched TV. Castiel readily agreed; he sensed he wasn’t the only one who really didn’t want to be alone. They all seemed to need one another close now—physically and emotionally. Life outside God’s favor could feel too heavy and frightening to bear on one’s own—for either humans or angels.
A cold beer would be perfect right about now, he thought, though he probably ought to down a bottle of water first. He turned to look back into the dark cabin, seeing Sam’s flashlight bobbing his way. “You comin’?”
while bathing wantonly in his presence. As time went on and his allegiance deepened, he often found himself performing submission displays spontaneously around Dean—dropping and quivering his wings in abject adoration. Shameful behavior for a warrior of God, perhaps—but he’d dispensed with feeling embarrassed after the first few incidents. No one had ever noticed. And it pleased him to love Dean so. He even allowed his contentment to bring on song at times; with his family together relaxing in the bunker, he would sit alone to the side, gazing at Dean surreptitiously and vibrating like a purring cat. He was surprised Jack seemed not to hear his soft melodies of love and worship. Or perhaps he did not know what he was hearing, having never been to Heaven. Singing such holy songs to a human amounted to angelic blasphemy, but Castiel was beyond caring.
Dean pulled away angrily. “You more comfortable looking up my ass and pulling it off with tweezers? Cause I’m not exactly comfortable with
“That’s ok, I’ll teach you. We’ll start over there where you can stand up, and you can get out whenever you want. C’mon.”
He let out a whimper, and Castiel let go of one ass cheek to cup his face and bring him in for another hot, wet kiss. “It’s alright, Dean,” the angel soothed. “I know what you need. I can help.”
Dean sighed. “Well, worst case scenario… yeah.” He watched Jack open the box and take out one of the foil packets, fingering it thoughtfully.
Next thing Dean knew, he was breaking all his own rules. With Sam snoring in the bed behind him, he slipped a hand up to the nape of Castiel’s neck, leaned closer, and kissed the angel full on the mouth. Castiel stiffened in surprise, his hand on Dean’s shoulder tightening, and Dean began to pull back—but Cas followed him, his mouth hot and wet and willing. So Dean committed, pulling the angel’s body flush, pressing in, opening up, and feeling Cas do the same.
“Guh, hey, what…” Dean flailed for a moment, sat up, looked down—and saw the clinging darkness engulfing his friend below the knees. He leapt off the sofa like he’d been goosed. “Cas! What the… what the fuck is
, and somehow the thought of his mouth on the angel’s dick became the favorite new deposit in his spank bank. It would be the holy grail of blow jobs. Did he ever think it would actually happen? Until recently, no. He’d been too chickenshit to take their
Dean frowned. Cas had a point, probably, but from his current perspective in the angel’s lap, the awkward Dean Winchester who could regret canoodling with Cas seemed like a long-ago version of himself who used to be kind of a dick. He looked into Cas’ wide eyes, dropped his gaze to Cas’ lush lips, which looked moist and inviting. There was really only one thing to do. He grabbed Castiel’s face and planted one on him.
“Cas, there’s something else I been wanting to tell you…” Dean drew closer—he had to be closer—and like Sam, he slid a hand to the back of Castiel’s head, bringing the angel’s forehead against his own. Castiel stiffened a little, but Dean felt he had to make his friend understand…
At least too old to give a shit about somebody else’s idea of manhood anymore. Hell, he’d saved the world a few times over. If anybody wanted to give him a hard time about cuddling with a dude angel, they could fuck off to… well, where-ever. He’d earned this. And it was nice, just laying with Cas, touching a little, making his angel feel good. Even if Sam did wake up and see them, what was he gonna say?
Sam snorted. “No, and yes. Wasn’t with you on the vampire twin run. Thought we were gonna die in Montana.”
Dean moaned, reaching to grab Cas by the ass. “Now that ain’t fair… where’d you learn to talk like that, dirty little angel?”
“The… uh…” Dean felt a flush rising up his neck again. He leaned over and snatched the beer bottle from the top of the dresser, went to take a pull, remembered it was empty. He dug his nails furiously into the label. Took a deliberate breath.
The only radio station that came in featured an overwrought meteorologist ranting about the blizzard of the century, warning every soul in the listening area to stay off the roads.
The coldness began to creep slowly upward, now at his ankles. He was pinned in place, helpless to move. His grace had no escape either, and it began to swirl about inside him, slowly, moving earthward like water being sucked down a deep, dark drain.
Dean sighed, turned from Cas to fix Sam with a glare. “Ok then. Shovels are in the trunk. Let’s go, Bumble. You too, Hermey,” he tossed back at Cas.
He didn’t move while Sam and Dean showered, nor did he move when Dean settled on the bed beside him in his sweatpants and cracked open a beer, then flipped through a few channels. Sam slouched on the other bed, engrossed in something on his laptop. “Hey,” Dean said, giving Cas a gentle elbow in the kidney, “
Cas sat down heavily on the bed near the door, while Sam dropped their bags. Dean crouched in front of the angel. He’d seen Castiel weak and worn out before, even to the point of passing out—but this seemed somehow different.
is warring with Kahn’s spaceship, and they are both disabled and dragged into Earth’s gravitational field. Kirk enters the radioactive reactor chamber on the
Dean frowned. Nearly told him to get the stick out of his ass and get in the water before Dean knocked him in. But then it struck him—this wasn’t about Jack, really—this was about Cas. About what had happened to Cas last time he went near a lake. Flashing back to the sight of Cas wading into the water until he disappeared—being dragged under by the Leviathan writhing inside of him—Dean shuddered. The water suddenly seemed much cooler.
Too much. He’d said too much. “I’m sorry.” More silence. He wondered if he should tell Dean about the second demon. Give up and change the subject.
“Where the hell are we?” he barked, fingers tightening even harder on the wheel. “How far to the next exit?”
Castiel reached up absently and touched his face—the face of his vessel, which, yes, he had come to own. It was feeling more and more like part of him, rather than just a shirt, like the ones spinning in the washers—or a burden. Or a trap that he could no longer escape from. “Is it so noticeable?” he asked.
They watched the movie companionably, munching their popcorn, Dean drawing his bare feet up underneath him for warmth, which caused their thighs to press together comfortably. Castiel didn’t move over, because Dean didn’t ask him to. When the movie ended, Dean found a program about giant squid—which also never got old—and they watched that in silence together, until Dean’s head began to nod.
“If you can’t sleep,” Cas suggested, “would you like to watch TV with me? That always relaxes you.” He lifted his eyes and Dean met his gaze.
“You’re fucking scaring me, man. I don’t wanna hurt you. I don’t want to lose again. We’re too close.”
“Nothing,” he replied quickly, readjusting himself to lie down innocently next to his friend. “Nothing, I… was just sleeping and forgot Cas was in the bed.”
“That’s too bad. I think my cock is the perfect size for your lovely ass. I think it would fit just right and stroke you in all the right places.”
Cas slipped into the kitchen at Dean’s suggestion to make a quick bag of microwave popcorn, and by the time he got down to the TV room with it, Dean had already cued up a movie. It was the last one they’d left in the DVD player and hadn’t finished. They’d watched it before, of course, but it was one of their favorites—
Dean found another towel, wrapped it around his waist, and stepped out to face the rest of his family. Sam stood there fully dressed and holding the notebook, a funny smirk on his face. He looked from Castiel to Dean, and back again. Snorted.
A moment later he was panting, aching face hot against Castiel’s inner thigh, fingers dripping jism. Cas was tugging at his hair, and he looked up. “Yer killin’ me, Smalls,” he groaned. “How’d I come and you didn’t?”
“I’ve been enough trouble for you today. Now here I am, nearly naked in your bed and asking for your touch and tempting you when I know you have trouble containing your sexual urges…”
When he awoke sometime in the wee hours, he thought the light flashing across his eyelids was coming from Sam’s laptop. He blinked, preparing to gripe at his brother, but Sam was lying asleep in the next bed. The light was streaming from the bathroom, and it was NOT the glow of the bathroom fixture. He turned his head to see that Cas was no longer in the bed, and frowned. Something felt amiss. The room was fucking freezing. He found himself padding quickly across the rough carpeting, around the beds, turning down the A/C and stopping short at the bathroom door. It stood open a few inches, and inside he could see Castiel standing in front of the large mirror there, running his hands over his torso. His clothes lay in a heap on the floor.
. Hey, Cas…” Dean turned from his brother to keep from killing him—turned to look at his secret weapon in the back seat. “Can you… y’know… mojo us back on the road?”
“Don’t feel guilty. I couldn’t stop myself, Dean.” Cas cupped his jaw tenderly, sliding a thumb across his lower lip. His focused gaze made Dean’s dick twitch again.
Inside the cabin, Dean turned and grabbed Castiel by the face, kissing him again before breaking away to hunt for towels in the tiny bathroom. He found two and trotted back to the porch, tossing them onto the steps before slamming the door again and locking it behind him.
A couple more minutes of heavy breathing and sighing on Sam’s part, then Castiel tried to pull away gently. “I should stop now, Sam.”
Cas leaned forward, over the seat, his face close to Dean’s. “Dean, your ears are frostbitten,” he said softly.
… suddenly he was seeing stars, choking himself on cock while he ejaculated hard into his palm and onto the floorboards.
Cas took the notebook and marched out into the living area and over to the porch door, unlocking it.
He took care of business as fast as he could and fled the building, glad to see that Sam was still picking out just the right banana in the deli section. Maybe he’d have a minute or two to put this thing to bed and get the angel’s dick out of his head. Mouth. Whatever.
Castiel is tired of waiting on Dean to come around - is there a way to seduce him? And what DID he do with the Cartwright twins?
!” Castiel nearly shouted at him, his heart pounding. “You’re in the fight of your lives and I’ve lost all my power!”
Instead he threw the car into reverse and punched the accelerator—then quickly realized that the wheels were not touching the ground.
He really couldn’t think of anything snappy, so he erased the aborted attempt at a comeback, and got an eyeroll emoji a moment later. Followed by a hot dog.
They both clambered out, dripping, Dean feeling too exhilarated to be chilled. Cas made to retrieve his clothes, but Dean turned him around and pushed him toward the shore. “Hey!” he called over his shoulder to Sam and Jack, “We’re going for some towels. Be right back!”
“Yeah? Cool.” He smiled at Cas in the dark, despite his aching jaw, and the angel smiled back, half his face obscured by the pillow.
Cas recognized the line… Kirk’s line… and grinned. “Because you are my friend,” He answered, and split his fingers into the Vulcan salute. Dean followed suit.
They stood there awkwardly for a moment, staring at the floor, and Cas imagined Dean was feeling as raw as he was. It was not something he liked feeling, but… he’d realized it was a part of being human and loving humans, this vulnerability. Loving other beings meant opening to them, and opening meant pain as well as pleasure. He was amazed at how many times he’d failed Dean, and how many times his friend had chosen to give him another chance. And as callously as Dean sometimes treated him, he could not imagine leaving forever. Because they were bonded, yes, but more importantly, because there was love. Their wounds over Mary’s and Jack’s deaths might have barely scabbed over, but the love they all shared was the balm that soothed and healed.
Castiel could count on one hand the number of times he’d masturbated—while his grace was intact—and that was more for research purposes than pleasure. But while he was human, that was a different story. He understood why Dean enjoyed it so much, in a life so bereft of comfort.
“Cause I want to suck your dick without Abbott and Costello watching, that’s why,” he blurted, and grabbing Castiel’s arm, he began swimming toward the ladder.
Dean suddenly snapped out of his reverie, feeling Cas let go of his hand, and a moment later, gently cup the side of his face. He opened his eyes.
Dean fell silent once they’d turned the washing machines on, and they both took a seat as far from the TV as they could. They were alone in the building. Castiel turned his attention outside, where the late summer night lay soft and balmy, and dew sparkled on the hood of the Impala under the streetlight. The town drunk staggered by the window, on his way home, finally, to his family. Castiel felt thankful that Dean had curbed his drinking again.
Cas heaved a human-sounding sigh, and Dean looked up to see that the endless love scene had finally evaporated. Jack appeared to be in pain. If he didn’t do this now, while he had a couple beers in him…
Dean stared down the hall at nothing, rubbed his arms as if he were cold. Castiel reached out impulsively to lay a hand on Dean’s shoulder.
“Wait, what? I don’t think so,” Sam argued. “We need to be a little subtler. We should pick the locks on the back door and slip inside—have Cas wait out front in the bushes to pick off anybody trying to run out that way, or hop out a window.”
Treading water, Dean watched Sam lead Jack carefully back to the shallows, then looked up at Cas, who was standing again, staring after them.
and then losing it. Now it filled him to bursting, nearly closing his throat, flooding his eyes with tears. “I didn’t tell you I loved you back, buddy. But… but we do, we all do,
All that blood flow to his extremities… well, once his fingers and toes had regained their warmth and flexibility, his dick had also begun to come to life. He didn’t know if it was having a warm body so close, or the little extra pumping his heart was doing, or both—but he was popping a chubby in his jeans, and it was getting harder and harder to ignore.
good. Like sliding into a hot bath good. Like standing next to a roaring woodstove on a cold day. He could finally breathe again. In and out smoothly.
Castiel gasped, reaching out to Jack, and seeing that his fingers were also beginning to blacken and dissolve. “Jack… Dean…Sam…” he groaned. He turned his gaze on his best friend. “I’m sorry. I love you so much. I only wish…”
Dean realized his fingers and toes were warming next, from the pins and needles sensation. He hadn’t realized how numb his feet were.
Castiel had finally admitted to himself (with only mild chagrin) that his grace responded to Dean as if he were God. Perhaps that should have disturbed him more than it did. The angel rang like a temple bell in Dean’s presence; the mere sound of Dean’s voice sent pulse waves through his grace. Mystified at first, he’d found himself standing close, staring deeply into Dean’s eyes, just absorbing his soul’s brilliance and warmth and feeling the reverberation of their bond—until he realized that made Dean uncomfortable. After that, he’d become a little more circumspect, trying to give Dean his
truly needed. All I knew is that I had to protect the people I love. I never questioned myself ‘what if I could have one good thing
Jack is beyond happy when he hears all of it. He always knew in his heart, and he was devastated that the moment he got to speak his truth, he was taken away. No, things cannot be left like this.
There’s definitely a lot of places to hide in heaven. But no, he’s here, there isn’t any sacrificial deal on Castiel’s mind right now, they aren’t fighting any cosmic entity, they aren’t saving the goddamn world. They’re free. He’s free. This is the right time and he’s going to meet Dean.
Dean looked at Castiel’s lips. “Can I?” He said gently. Castiel furrowed his eyebrows and tilted his head. Dean rolled his eyes and held on to Castiel’s face as he raised his eyebrows, giving him the ‘
After pulling away, Dean puts his hand on the side of Sam’s neck. “My little brother. How are you?” He asks with a proud smile on his face.
“I was scared Dean. I needed time to think, and time works differently around here, I’ll tell you everything about it I just- I know I should’ve met you but I just- I don’t know what to say.” He said quickly.
But there’s another feeling overpowering his happiness which he’s supposed to feel meeting Bobby. There’s a itch in his heart, because he feels something is missing.
Dean bumped his forehead back against Castiel’s. So close. He could smell the angel’s sweet breath, feel its warmth on his face. He had turned to kneel on the seat, and Cas’ body pressed up against him at the thigh; they were holding each other’s shoulders. Dean let his left hand drop down Castiel’s bicep, kept the fingers of his right hand in his friend’s hair; he knew he should feel awkward about this embrace, but he just couldn’t bring himself to pull away.
A moment later, Dean caught up, his hand landing on Cas’ shoulder. Castiel was glad it was dark, so he couldn’t see the disappointment on Dean’s face. So Dean couldn’t see the emotion on his.
His grace was flowing from him now, slowly but inexorably—he could feel himself waning. Mercifully, he thought, there was no pain—but the minute that thought took form, his grace began to
Castiel sighed, and the moonlight on the dark water reflected back onto his face. The loon called again, closer now, and a chorus of frogs started up nearby, sounding like little elf hammers. “I don’t know how to swim, Dean.”
And of course it was a way to spend quality time with Dean, who tended to be relaxed and talkative on these evenings. He suspected Dean liked to do laundry as well—he rarely tried to get Sam to do it, and complained when he did that Sam missed too many stains and left his t-shirts wrinkled. He also suspected Dean liked to have him along on these outings.
“Stop. My grace is returning to normal, thanks to you. Or at least normal for lately. Now it’s your turn for healing.” Cas smiled gently and continued his ministrations, holding Dean’s gaze. Dean shifted a little, felt his knee bump into Castiel’s. The pain in his head vanished, replaced by refreshing clarity, and he sighed in relief. Cas’ hand slipped down to his shoulder, fingers light on his bare skin. “Hmm,” Cas purred, a soothing sound. “Your shoulder is painful, too.”
Dean’s brows raised a little higher. Was he surprised? Or had Castiel not made himself clear? He decided to take another tack, leaning closer and looking at Dean intently, willing him to understand.
Dean swam over and stood behind him, chest-high in the rippling waves. “Step down Cas. You can touch the bottom here.”
“I’m fine. It’s you I’m worried about. Listen, I’m here for you. Whatever you need. And I won’t… you know... get carried away again.”
Dean took his hands out of his gloves and blew on his fingers to try to warm them. “If we can’t open the door in time, Sam,” Cas was saying, “and Michael arrives, it will be nearly impossible to stop him.”
It was dark but for the glow of grace flowing from the angel’s palms, illuminating the room and the landscape of Castiel’s bare body in fits and starts—now strobing brightly, now pulsing slow and dim. Cas was whispering in a language Dean recognized as Enochian. Dean watched, mesmerized, for a moment, until it became clear to him that his friend was distressed.
“No—I can’t do that. I don’t think. No, Castiel—you had your own. It was just a bud, but I felt it open.”
Dean finally has the promised sex talk with young Jack, after observing some unfortunate behavior in the bunker. In a roomful of dudes, no less.
Dean glanced up at him as he flung wet clothes into the dryer. “Deadly Sperm Backup. I forget sometimes you never went to high school.” He slammed the dryer shut and held out his hand, and Castiel counted five quarters into it, which Dean slipped into the machine. He pressed the button to start it.
Dean stared after him, trying to gather his thoughts. Failing that, he followed his instinct after a moment and followed Cas back into the bathroom, not caring what Sam thought this time.
“Chest up, head back… ass up. Look at the sky.” Cas lay back stiffly, and Dean slid another hand under his lower back to support him. “Look up, Cas. Let your ears go under. Look at the moon.”
Now here he was, inhibitions missing, Cas’ rather magnificent cock filling his fist, in his face, a bead of precum oozing from the tip and glistening in the moonlight from the window.
“No. It’s been very quiet. I see one demon at the moment; he seems to be waiting for others to show up.”
Thanks again for reading. Comments are oh-so-delicious to the author, so please be generous! Hope you liked.
“Oh. I see.” Jack’s face clouded over, and he stared down at the small box. “She could die. Like my mother.”
He did have to piss like a racehorse, after all, and if he could only get out of the car, maybe his extra-woody morning hard-on would finally subside.
“Evidence for our next hunt.” Castiel stood up and randomly opened a bureau drawer, pulling out a notebook. He flipped it open—it appeared to be half full of journal entries. It must have belonged to the shifter.
A slightly overweight, middle-aged man set his basket down and walked toward Castiel, heading for the restroom. He glanced at the angel, looking him up and down as he approached, and Castiel wondered at his strange expression. The man entered the restroom, and out came Dean, who looked him up and down in the same fashion and snorted, smirking.
Dean wasn’t cold, Castiel suddenly understood—he was feeling terribly vulnerable. Perhaps even humiliated. And here his best friend and protector was taking advantage…
Cas lifted his chin, but still didn’t look at Dean. “I was wrong. I didn’t know that syncing with you would make such a difference. But it did.” Cas turned to him then, and looked at him hard. “I didn’t just feel your junk, Dean. I felt your heart. And you felt
Cas stretched out an arm and as the brothers watched, snow began to fly from beneath the Impala. A small whirlwind took shape around the car, nearly blinding them for a few moments.
Dean seemed to be studying him closely. “Maybe it’s just these godawful lights,” he said squinting, brow furrowed, “but… I been wondering… Cas, are you
“Yes, I am,” Cas admitted, and reached out impulsively to touch Jack’s hair, run a thumb along the outer shell of his ear. He’d never felt Jack with human fingers before. Jack’s skin was even softer than Dean’s.
“Well, duh… you know I ain’t talking about something I can’t see. I don’t mean your grace, dude, or your ‘true form.’ I mean your… your
“Uh-huh. Well, that would take some special equipment which I don’t happen to possess. But I s’pose a guy could improvise. Or go shopping.”
At one time, he had naively imagined wooing Dean with his grace and exquisite beauty. Castiel had been well known in Heaven as a most beautiful angel, and he wished Dean could truly see his loveliness. Dean had gazed with wonder at the mere shadow of his wings, and Castiel dreamed of revealing his full glory to his beloved one day. Dean’s soul had been dazzled and awestruck by his true form in Hell—but what would the man think of him now?
The angel smiled gently. How much to say, without making Dean uncomfortable? “I don’t need to get old, certainly,” he replied. “For a few years, I allowed my grace to keep renewing my vessel. But now that Jack is with us…” Dean’s eyes were distracting, gazing at him so earnestly. “Now that we’re a family…”
Just knowing Dean was willing to kill the boy had been dreadful—and then to suffer Dean’s all-consuming anger and rejection for days after Jack died... it was enough to bring the angel to his proverbial knees. Enough to send him away from the only family he had left. Nearly enough to send him back to the Empty, if he could have borne the thought of giving an ounce of satisfaction to the ghastly Keeper.
Dean sighed. “Look… you’re the bravest sonofabitch I know, and you ain’t afraid to die, but you really don’t like losing control of yourself. That’s what scares you. You been out there kicking ass for millennia, but between Leviathan and… and Naomi, and Rowena’s curse that time…”
Come on, Dean—Jack’s never been swimming. It’s a perfect night and we’ve got this place to ourselves. Not to mention we’re all nasty and could use a rinse.” He turned to look at Jack and grinned. “C’mon, let’s go.”
Castiel’s penis seemed to suddenly be taking up far too much space in his pants. He squirmed, trying to adjust himself and relieve some pressure. Across the street, a second shape moved behind the curtains. “You really liked that, then,” he murmured into the phone. “The penis inside you. It felt good?”
“You’re just traumatized, ok? It’s… it’s PTSD, you know? It happens to me all the time… to Sam, too. You just gotta find a way to cope for a little while. It’ll stop… it’ll get better.”
Sam grunted, grabbing the dash as Dean worked the steering wheel over for a few tense moments before finally getting the Impala back under control.
“Mmm,” Sam purred again. “No one’s ever called me wonderful… This feels pretty wonderful… This… you should bottle this…”
It was Dean’s turn to sigh, and he grew quiet for a moment—long enough for Castiel to wonder if he’d pushed too hard. Was he being too dogged?
. Every moment they had together leading up to this moment. Every fight they had. Every Prayer. And so many more things.
He sees Bobby. His ideal father figure, whom he wholeheartedly loves. He’s comfortable right now, but not quiet happy.
If it’s the heaven he deserves, then where is Cas? Is Cas still suffering in the empty? If this is heaven then why does he still feel so numb?
Jack doesn’t say anything, he slowly walks over to Castiel and wraps his arms around his neck. Castiel, still confused, hugs Jack back. One of his palms curl around the back of Jack’s head. “Jack?”
They spend the whole day catching up, sitting near the edge of the cliff which they’ve turned into their favourite spot because it overlooks the entire heaven. Miracle is running around trying to catch the birds. Jack tells Sam about the idea behind the new heaven. Castiel has his own conversation with Sam, giving him all the answers to his questions, along with a lot of apologies. Sam tells them all about how he spent his entire life and they’re all so happy and glad to hear that he died peacefully.
A few months have passed by. Dean’s done a lot of things he couldn’t do on earth, but the first thing he did was go to a beach, and swim naked. His relationship with Castiel progressed. They lived together, even Miracle was here. They learned how to cook, suprisingly, Castiel was the messy one while Dean was a pro-chef.
Bobby, Jo, Ellen, Charlie, even Eileen, among a few more people they love, they’re all sitting together in a circle, telling jokes, singing songs, drinking beer with a bonfire in between them. Sam and Dean look at each other and smile. They take a breath and they walk towards their loved ones, alongside Jack and Castiel.
Dean makes the first move. He starts walking towards Cas slowly, after four steps, his pace gets faster. He just wants to hug Cas. He
He did live a long, almost-perfect and happy life with Eileen, but the grief he felt for Dean never really went away. He would hold a picture-frame of him and Dean next to the Impala to his chest, while he slept and sobbed against the pillows, Eileen would caress his hair and hold him while she gently kissed his cheek, then he would turn around and cry in her arms. He did stop crying after a while, he focused on the love he felt for Eileen instead, and realised just how happy she made him. He did lose a part of himself when Dean passed away, but that didn’t stop him from enjoying his life to his fullest, even if he missed Dean, and it still hurt a little everyday. He knew Dean would want him to have a happy life, and he did have one.
Carry On My Wayward son plays and he begins his roadtrip to wherever his heart takes him. It’s a beautiful place. Jack and Castiel did a great job.
Sam is right there, with his hands in his pockets, looking at Dean with an admirable smile. Dean just leans in and pulls him in for a hug without saying a word.
Dean rolled his eyes as he shook his head and smiled. He licked his lips as he leaned in, still holding Castiel’s face. He pressed his lips to Cas’ in the most gentle way possible, it was almost like a whisper of a kiss. Castiel kissed back, equally gently. It felt so good, the feeling was something neither of them could explain. They were both at their happiest.
Castiel feels numb. It was too late. He could’ve saved Dean if he was on Earth right? And if only Sam knew he’s not in the Empty, he would’ve prayed for him to get his ass there and heal him, right? But why didn’t he pray to Jack? Fuck. This is his fault.
They all go to the Impala, and drive off towards where Sam is supposed to be. After a few minutes' ride, Dean realises they’re on the bridge where him and Sam did their first case together, the woman in white. He smiles to himself and then looks at Castiel and Jack.
As if on cue, he sees Baby. Without wasting any time, he says his goodbyes to Bobby and heads towards his Baby. He sits inside and smiles at the scent of of her, despite having kept monsters in the backseat, it still smells comforting, then he remembers, maybe this Baby never had monsters in the backseat.
part of the plan. He ran a shaky hand through his hair, exhaling, and reminded himself it could be worse. “Sorry, baby,” he muttered. “Everybody ok?”
Dean couldn’t deny he was indeed shivering pretty hard. The heater just wasn’t cutting it, and he had no way to really get his blood flowing; he sure as hell wasn’t going to get out and do jumping jacks on the freeway.
. “I just meant let’s go back to bed and try this again. You know, sans… make-out. I should be the one apologizing—not you.”
“Ha,” Dean scoffed as Sam surfaced, shaking his head and laughing. “You ain’t seen nothin’ yet.” Not to be outdone, he lost his shredded, sticky tee-shirt, damp jeans and smelly socks, hesitated a moment, then decided YOLO and shucked his funky shorts, too. He hurtled down the dock and leapt over Sam’s head, plunging into the water sideways, which wasn’t quite what he’d planned.
“You are strong, young one,” the Empty sneered at Jack, while Dean and Sam watched wide-eyed from the floor. “But you can’t destroy
Sam ignored this. “You want to learn to swim?” he asked Jack, who nodded and grinned in reply, wiping at his face with one hand and holding to the dock with the other. “OK, let’s work on floating first.”
They stood for a few more minutes like that, then Cas slowly opened his eyes and looked at Dean tenderly. He reached out a hand to stroke it down Dean’s arm. “Your skin is cold,” he mused, “though your soul is so warm.”
His thoughts whirled, carried along with his grace, and meanwhile, the blackness had reached his knees. Perhaps he should wake Dean—they were so close, what if Dean were somehow pulled into the Empty with him? That wouldn’t do. And didn’t Dean deserve to know what was happening to Castiel? But Dean would be angry; he wouldn’t like Castiel’s deal. What if he blamed Jack?
“We’re gonna try,” Dean answered, having to turn his face away from the frigid wind. He grabbed a shovel back from Cas and set to digging ferociously behind the left rear tire. It was worse than gravedigging in sand; as fast as he dug the hole, the wind filled it back in.
He grabbed Castiel’s head with both hands, tugging at the angel’s hair, his body bowed under the Impala’s roof. Cas looked up, doe-eyed and panting, and Dean realized with surprise that his angel was just as wrecked as he was.
The water stopped, but Dean’s expletives did not, and Sam turned his head and hollered, “You ok in there?” Castiel noted a small smirk on his face.
There seemed to be no arguing with that, so Castiel turned with the rest of them and headed back. Come to think of it, he
to save his ship and crew from crashing to Earth, sacrificing himself in the process. Spock says a gut-wrenching goodbye as Kirk is dying in the decontamination chamber. Kahn crashes his ship into San Francisco but escapes the wreckage, and a grief-stricken Spock goes after him with a vengeance. Cas never tires of watching the Spock and Kahn fight scene, but…
Jack looked thoughtful for a minute, then a flush rose in his face as it apparently dawned on him that he’d been caught out. “Oh,” he muttered. “Ok. Sorry.”
“Of course.” Cas straightened up and forced himself toward the bedroom door, but Jack stopped him at the threshold.
Dean snorted. “Let’s hope,” he replied. Then he cleared his throat and prepared to be dad-like. “So you, uh, you enjoying the movie?”
Dean couldn’t look away. Why was he being a jerk about this? Did he really want to forget the way it felt to make his angel sing?
Castiel blinked at Dean, surprised. He had expected this question eventually… perhaps in several years… but certainly not yet. He decided to play dumb. “Angels don’t age Dean—you know that. We exist outside of time.”
“It ain’t pain I’m worried about.” Dean looked around the room, squinted at the curtains—Castiel knew they were closed. “Alright, let’s just do this. Do you want me to…” He looked at the bathroom door, then the bed. “Fuck it.”
“Jack said you said that you and I would be having sex if it wasn’t so complicated. Well, it’s really not so complicated. I know that ideally it takes a little more preparation for two men, but people have been doing it for as long as I’ve been watching, and I fully understand how it’s done. I also understand that you need sex to feel happy and content. I know it’s relaxing and affirming for you. And while I’m not in a female vessel, I can still offer you a healing connection with your feminine side. We can be soft and gentle together, or we can be passionate and rough—whatever suits your needs. I am willing to help, Dean, and I’m here when you need me.”
had the profound bond with him. He’d never even had to share that with Sam—and he was used to sharing everything with Sam, including toothbrushes and underwear (whether Sam knew it or not). Sharing Castiel with Jack—even if Cas hadn’t changed the way he looked at Dean or came running to help him—just felt wrong.
“Yeah,” Dean said automatically, still gazing at Cas, his hands going through the motions as he started the car. Somehow, it felt as though his life were shifting tectonically. “I’m ready.”
Jack’s face changed again, sensing Dean’s anger, and Dean realized this wasn’t the time to get sidetracked.
Dean stopped short on his way back to his seat and spun around, Cas nearly running into him. “And you know this how?”
With his hands on his friend’s warm skin, Dean suddenly became super-conscious of their proximity. They were inches apart, the sink pressing into Dean’s lower back. And Cas was buck naked, for God’s sake. Dean found himself speechless.
for two days, that’s for damn sure. And we’re not gonna die. Next plow truck that comes along we’re gonna flag down, and have ‘em yank us out of here.”
Jack nodded proudly. “Yes. I’ve been watching all the sex I can. There are so many movies on your laptop!”
Sam sighed as if all life were leaving him, reaching a long arm down between his legs to drag out Dean’s raggedy box of ancient cassettes.
“This is wonderful,” Cas finally said, not taking his eyes from the firmament. “For the first time in a long time I am… weightless. And I’d nearly forgotten how lovely Jupiter and its moons are.”
Dean sighed. He drained the last of the beer, and reached over to set the bottle on Sam’s dresser. It was gonna leave a ring. He wished he’d brought another one in.
“My God,” Dean moaned, and giving in to his baser impulses as well, flexed his hips and ground his erect penis against Castiel’s hipbone. Castiel gasped, his head bumping against the bulletin board behind him, and Dean leaned in, pressing his lips to Cas’ ear. “Buddy, it’s all I can do not to drop and suck your dick right here and now, and that ain’t good.”
He’d gone way past the point of no return, and he wanted Cas more than he could ever recall wanting anything else in his crazy life. He wanted to show Cas just how much the angel meant to him, in every man-love way conceivable. Even if that shit had felt inconceivable yesterday.
Sam opened the text, frowned momentarily, and finally looked up. He glanced at the bed, and Dean realized that Cas was probably blocking Sam’s view of the action. Sam looked back at Dean, quirking a brow and giving a little toss of the head. Clearly he couldn’t see what was happening.
Castiel backtracked a bit. “Maybe you aren’t ready for that yet, and I am willing to keep waiting,” he conceded, coming to sit down next to his friend. “I do know it will still be possible for us in ten or twenty years. However it won’t be nearly as enjoyable. No time like the present, as humans like to say. Angels actually have a similar saying…”
“Rest then,” Dean said. “Here…” and he grabbed Cas by first one ankle and then the other, wrestling his friend’s boots off.
He turned his head and looked over at the angel beside him, curled on top of the bedspread. Castiel’s disheveled white shirt glowed in the dim light, his dark hair tousled against the pillow. Dean rolled to face his friend’s back. How many times had he awakened back in the bunker to find the angel in his bed? Castiel was always the big spoon, nestled fully-clothed and warm against Dean’s back, a protective arm around him, or resting on his shoulder. Sometimes Dean didn’t remember how they got there, but when he did, he always recalled roughly the same thing. Dean would be miserable, well into a bottle of Jack, full of self-loathing and loneliness and longing, when Cas would appear at his bedside. There would be words, sometimes shameful tears, but it always ended the same way. The first time, Dean had simply grabbed Castiel by the arm and pulled the angel down beside him. “I need you,” he’d blurted, then rolled over and dragged the angel’s arm over and around him like a blanket. Castiel not only allowed it, but stayed with Dean most of the night, only leaving after healing Dean’s morning hangover with the gentle press of a finger.
Castiel’s eyes flicked back to the mirror, his fingers drifting back to his belly again. “I feel… as if it’s still happening. The putrefaction. My grace is… guttering, for lack of a better word. I keep imagining it’s happening again… It seems that it won’t stop.” He looked down at himself, then at Dean, his eyes wide and pleading. “Can you see it? Is it happening?”
“Hell, why didn’t I think of that?” Dean exclaimed, and stepped up to his friend. “C’mon, can you just touch my nose and make it fall off?”
“Synchronizing,” Cas explained. “Syncing our vibrations. I’ve raised yours by stimulating your heart center, and mine seems to have lowered to the point where you can feel it. “That means…” Cas leaned forward and closed the space between them, and Dean’s awareness shifted again as the angel’s lips touched his gently.
Jack turned to Dean. “Are they going to bake cookies?” he asked brightly. A few of the wacky-world survivors staying at the bunker had apparently been making full use of the kitchen lately, much to Jack’s (and everyone else’s) delight.
for Chrissake. Dean was still riding high on having his angel back in the Impala, where he belonged. Although it would have been nice if The Big Empty’s douchey cryptkeeper had sent him back juiced up instead of at a quarter tank—like he was when he died.
“And you love that don’t you? You want to be boss-man tonight, go ahead. We’ll do it your way. You win—you have the biggest dick.
Cas swallowed loudly, and then they both seemed to go boneless at once. Coming back was slow; it all felt too good. The breeze through the window caressing his skin, Cas’ thigh under his cheek, the warmth of Castiel’s body close to his and the angel’s fingers spread on his hip. His well-used dick. He lifted a lazy hand and ran it up Cas’ flank. He could get used to this. “Still with me, buddy?”
“Yeah, we’re… uh… we’re showering!” Dean called. “Goddammit,” he grumbled to Cas, sitting up. “Fun police are here.”
Dean chuckled low in his throat, grinning. “Then they better get a set of spare sheets and a lock for the bedroom door.”
This wasn’t good at all. Jack saved his life, and he remained with the people he loved—but how could he protect them now? He was powerless, and at the time they needed him most. It seemed an even crueler  fate than he’d nearly suffered just moments ago. Instead of falling asleep forever, now he would watch the end of the world helplessly from the sidelines. Win or lose, he would simply be a liability in the fight.
Dean chuckled again. “As in the teenage witch? You sly dog. So you, uh… you want some pointers in case things get all
Castiel slammed the bunker door open, lurching into the darkness outside. He could feel the cool of the night, the breeze in his hair, but he couldn’t see where he was going. He couldn’t see. It was dark—so dark—not even a moon and he was human and he couldn’t see, and he stopped fifty yards down the dark access road, under the trees, and stood panting in his shirtsleeves.
He didn’t have to ask twice; Dean filled his mouth with the angel’s thick cock and goddamn, but it was delicious. The skin warm and velvety smooth, it slipped slick against his tongue as he sucked and licked and lapped at it, going down on his friend again and again. Cas cradled his head, encouraging him, calling his name.
“Buddy, I love this… Oh, God… you’re amazing…” Dean babbled, his heart trying to crawl from his mouth.
Little Dean felt rock solid behind his zipper. Little Dean had an endless supply of bad, bad ideas. Amazingly, Big Dean’s heart seemed to be game right now to try them.
“You don’t need to, man,” Dean argued. “Come on, jump in with the rest of us. It feels nice—you’ll like it.”
“Yes, I suppose I have.” Dean was aroused now, Castiel could feel it. He was curious and hard and his fingers still held onto the angel’s wrist. His soul fairly sparkled. Castiel could feel his own grace responding, his vibration edging higher. “I’ve seen violence and rape, to be sure. But I’ve also seen shepherds spreading their cloaks in the wet grass and making unrestrained love all night. I’ve seen soldiers stealing away together behind the barracks. I’ve seen a servant beg for a master’s cock. I’ve seen a king bend over for a servant.”
now can you? Come now, Castiel and I made an arrangement, and you all got what you wanted. You live, boy. I see you even found your soul. But Castiel’s happiness called to me—and now he is mine. That was the deal.”
Sam and Dean appeared on either side of him squinting and blinking like they’d just been blinded. “Cas!” Dean cried. “How are you
The wooden dock shook with every step the Sasquatch took out to the end; Dean watched Sam stop and lean well over, peering into the water, moonlight reflected on the riffly surface.
The warmth spread through his torso, and a few moments later, his shivering began to subside. This was nice. “Feels good, Cas,” he muttered. And indeed it felt…
The angel splayed his fingers wider against Dean’s breastbone, and the hunter’s heart skipped a beat as he felt an extra little pulse of sweet warmth. “No chance of that either, Dean. Because I love you, too.”
He pulled away from Dean and stumbled from the room, away from Sam, from Jack, from the TV paused during a beer commercial. He walked down the hall, through the War Room, up the stairs, his boots ringing on the steps. Dean called to him, following behind, but Castiel couldn’t stop. He was not an angel anymore. He was human. A soulless, graceless human.
So did it really just come down to him being chicken shit? And why? It wasn’t like Cas was going to smite him for coming out. Perhaps it was that Cas
“We decided to take a break here. C’mon.”  Dean offered Cas a hand as Sam pulled their gear from the trunk. To Dean’s surprise, Cas kept ahold of the hand even after Dean hauled him to his feet, and they walked slowly together into the room, while Sam held the door open.
“It’s what you’ve heard referred to as the Heart Chakra,” Cas continued. “I suppose that besides warming, a side effect of my treatment was that Sam felt his heart open, and experienced feelings of love and gratitude.”
Cas’ legs began to sink, and he kicked a bit, propelling himself away from Dean, who grabbed his hand to stay him… and held onto it. Castiel opened his eyes and looked up at Dean, and the connection sent a jolt of
When they finally stopped for another breather, Dean realized he’d lost all track of time. How long had they been making out? His lips felt swollen and his face hurt and he was panting like a dog in the sun. Castiel’s fingers were clutching handfuls of his ass—squeezing him like an orange—and that was making him more than a little crazy. But that meant…
Dean stood up again, holding the towel in front of him, then tossed a grin back over his shoulder. “Consider that payment for services rendered, Doc,” he teased, then disappeared back into the bathroom.
father. Jack may age or not; if he does, I’d like to age with him. I’d like to grow old with all of you.”
Castiel stayed there, against the wall in the corner, taking stock of himself and the situation. He felt good, blood pumping vigorously through his vessel, his penis pleasantly engorged. He loved it when Dean touched him and stood close. He loved seeing Dean’s soul glow at his attentions and feeling the energy along their bond. He still felt Dean’s desire, even through the restroom wall. Dean had not really said no. Everything about this encounter felt like a yes. A little smile tugged at his lips. This
“Dean,” Castiel growled, “if I weren’t here, would you crawl into that sleeping bag with Sam, or would you just fall asleep and die there at the wheel?”
“I’m not good at this, man. Intimacy. If we fall into bed, it’s gonna be something more than I’m used to. I can’t just walk away in the morning.”
Dean grinned up at Cas, but Cas was rotating himself on the bed, lying down, pillowing his head on Dean’s thigh. And there was his delicious dick back in Dean’s face, looking as rough-and-ready as ever. “Ok then! So Cas if you… oh…” Cas sucked him in rather vigorously… “if you start to come just don’t bite, ok?”
They relaxed together in comfortable silence, then, watching the familiar faces on the television. Sam pulled the old plaid blanket over his chest and soon began to snore softly. Castiel gazed a long time at Dean’s sleepy face in profile, at the crow’s feet around his eyes that crinkled when he smiled. At the tousled hair that he’d just recently pressed his lips into—the way it caught the light and glowed a dark auburn . The two days’ growth of beard stubble that might be soft or scratchy. He’d like to find out. The plump, pouting mouth that might feel wet and warm against his own, the way April’s mouth had. He
Cas looked over at him, and in the dappled moonlight, Dean could see the fiery angelic resolve in his eyes. “Easily accomplished,” he said.
“Alright, I’ll try that,” Cas agreed, and they resumed their lovemaking. Within a few moments, Castiel’s voice joined Dean’s in a chorus of grunts and moans, the vibration in his throat traveling up Dean’s dick and driving his excitement higher.
He glared over at Sam, willing him to look up, but The Sasquatch was escaping in his usual fashion. Dean set his beer down on the desk, grabbed his own phone from his back pocket, and texted his brother.
Dean gathered himself and stood up shakily, wiping his hand on the end of the quilt. “Damn, these ol’ knees don’t like the floor anymore.” He flopped onto the bed on his back, and Cas stretched out beside him, leaned over him, pressed their lips together again in a lingering kiss, warm hand against his cheek.
“Yo.” His friend turned his attention back, focusing those green eyes on him, propping his elbows on his knees.
Castiel blinked at him. Stared hard. It was true—he was human. Again. He had lost his grace’s bond to Dean’s soul. Again. But Dean’s hand on his arm was warm and solid, and Dean’s concern evident. Castiel’s stomach clenched, his chest tightening, and his eyes began to sting as a wave of emotion rolled through him.
“Just this,” Cas replied, his fingers moving over the back of Dean’s hand, where it lay against his breast. “This is enough.”
“Hey,” Dean called to him. Cas didn’t answer, didn’t even look at him. “Cas…” Dean swam up to the dock, gazing up at the angel. Castiel’s fists were clenched, his jaw taut; he seemed to vibrate with tension. “You know they’re fine—Sam’s got him. Sam was the friggin’ captain of the swim team freshman year.”
It almost looked like Sam was going in for a lip-lock, but he must have just butted their foreheads together. “We love you, man. You know that, right?”
“Energizing your heart center and raising your heart-rate,” Castiel replied matter-of-factly. “The increase in blood flow to your extremities will warm you.”
“Oh… wow…” Sam chuckled deep in his throat, which sounded a little pervy, and Dean felt a funny pang as Sam proceeded to put his arms around the angel. “This is
He looked back at Dean to see him frowning in concentration, biting his lip. Their eyes met again. Dean snorted, an eyebrow lifting and a little smile suddenly quirking his mouth. “Wow, dude, that’s… why does that feel like a super awkward marriage proposal?” He shifted in his seat, clearing his throat. He flailed a hand in the air for a moment, as if to clear smoke away. “So, uh… you’re still gonna be able to kick some ass? Even if you’re old?”
“NO!” Jack broke in, and the last thing Castiel saw was Jack’s dark, determined look and blazing eyes as the boy loomed over him, and the palm of Jack’s hand landed on his forehead.
“Dammit,” he muttered, “here I go again bein’ a selfish ass…” He sat up sleepily, and sent a hand groping toward Cas’ crotch. “Guess I left you idling, didn’t I? You need some help?”
Would the best avenue of approach be one of the heart? Or was something more carnal in order? What would Dean find irresistible?
Dean glanced at him, then away. He softened his tone. “I dunno man, I… I’m happy to have the kid back, in spite of it all. Even happier he’s got his soul again, and he knows he fucked up. It’s… it feels like a win somehow. And we really need a win right now, y’know?”
It became apparent upon his return that he’d been too expedient. Standing in the doorway with a cold, sweating beer in his hand, he took in Sam, slouched in the far chair and fiddling with his phone, and Cas on the bed, propped stiffly against the pillows, wide-eyed and completely engrossed by the writhing figures still on the screen. So engrossed that he didn’t actually notice what was happening right next to him, where Jack sat staring—and digging the heel of his hand rhythmically into his crotch.
Castiel arched his neck, eyes searching for the moon and finding it, and Dean felt his body rise, buoyed by the lake. “There. Now you’re floating. Just relax.” Dean stood and held him there, hands on his warm skin, barely supporting him. He watched Castiel’s lips part, eyes reflecting the stars, reflecting the moonlight sparkling on the water all around him. He let his own eyes drift down the angel’s body: the rivulets of water trickling off his chest, the dark coins of his nipples, navel just disappearing under the little waves, which rippled over his dick playing peek-a-boo above the surface. Damn. He jerked his eyes back to Castiel’s face, but Cas hadn’t noticed him looking. The angel was too busy stargazing.
Dean thought, trying not to look at the bulge in the kid’s jeans. Or at the TV screen, which had been paused on somebody’s contorted face. “Good,” he said. “So, listen, I need to tell you a couple important things.”
They settled into the hotel room in the usual way, Sam peeling off his shoes and climbing onto the bed with his laptop while Dean grabbed his Dopp kit and headed into the bathroom. A moment later, the sound of the shower added to the background noise of traffic passing on the nearby highway. Castiel perched in a stiff-backed chair at the small table by the window, watching Sam’s face in the glow from the laptop screen.
“Fuck yeah. You know you can. Just let go. Let your vess… your body take over. Just go with it,” Dean urged.
Dean chatted amiably about nothing in particular while they dumped the clothes onto a counter and began to sort—lights in one pile and darks in another. Castiel listened, smiling at Dean’s little jokes, nodding or interjecting now and then to let Dean know he was paying attention. A TV in the corner droned on about politics in Washington DC, and Castiel tried to ignore it—though it occurred to him to ask Dean if perhaps there was a job there. Given his behavior, Speaker of the House Mitch McConnell seemed to be under some sort of spell. Castiel scrubbed stain remover into a bloody sleeve…
A stunning sensation suddenly rocketed through him, from his pelvis right up to his scalp and down to his toes. It was like the shock of jumping into ice cold water, as if he’d been pushed into the ocean. “Gah!” Dean yelped, jerking back. “The fuck was that!?” Cas just blinked up at him in surprise, and Dean reached down to make sure his dick was still attached—a common reflex, but one that seemed apropos at the moment. Yup, still there, and no less woody for the cold splash. He couldn’t help noticing Cas’ condition appeared similar.
“Yeah, what he said,” Dean retorted, jerking a thumb at Cas. Then he pulled a scowl. “Hey, wait a minute…”
If Sam said anything at all, though, he’d probably say something along the lines of “Jesus, you two, get your own room already.” Cause Sam, like everybody else human and otherwise, already thought they had a “thing” going on—even if he rarely alluded to it.
Dean slowly closed his mouth as his thoughts finally coalesced again, like a flock of starlings settling back onto a wire. He scratched his head, cleared his throat, tried to ignore the sudden knot in his gut. “Uh, so… Cas and I don’t have sex. It’s not like that. And, yeah... if you take a dude to bed you better use a rubber too, ‘cause you know… diseases. You gotta read up on STDs.”
“Whoa!” Dean caught him under an armpit and gently righted him back into the seat, and Cas blinked up at him, startled and sleepy. “You ok, buddy?”
, Cas’ dick was so hard and so delicious, and Cas was stroking his hair, tucking a blanket over his damp shoulders, whispering nonsense that he dimly recognized as Enochian. Any real dude would have come by now, but Dean didn’t care; his face might have been getting sore, but his jaw was taking a backseat to his own dick, which was sliding slick through his own hand and he couldn’t help but tug, tug, until
“If the car hits the ground, and we don’t get back on the freeway, we’ll be buried in a snowdrift in no time,” Sam observed.
“The hell,” he complained, looking over at Sam, who was stomping and shaking himself like the Yeti he was and yanking off his hat and gloves to fling the snow onto the floorboards. “We’re gonna have a lake in here.”
Next thing Dean knew, Cas was all boots, ass and elbows over the back of the seat, scrambling ungracefully into the front with him.
“We don’t have to. But wouldn’t you rather not be scared of the water? Sometimes you just gotta get back on the horse that threw you.”
“Yes, of course, but things are different now.” Cas tore his gaze away and looked out the windows, past the reflections again. “I have been pondering what it means to be a father. A brother…” the latter word felt inadequate, when it came to Dean. He wanted to add “partner” as well, but decided quickly against it. “If I am to play those roles with you all—and I would like to—then I should look the part. If my vessel remains 35 years old, someday people will think you are
“I- uh. Something happened, Cas.” Jack’s voice cracks. He hasn’t seen Jack this bothered about something in quiet a while. He stares at Jack and gives him a look asking him to continue.
Dean pulled away, just a little, and he pressed his forehead up against Cas’. His eyes closed. Castiel caressed Dean’s back lovingly, with his eyes closed. Dean now held the side of Castiel’s neck, his fingers gently stroking his jaw.
when it happened, and he was so broken that Cas was about to sacrifice himself. He couldn’t process anything at that moment. There was no time to say anything.
Castiel is doing his duties in heaven, while doing his work, he suddenly has a strange feeling in his stomach. He isn’t quiet sure if it’s butterflies or cockroaches. What is this feeling? What’s happening? He feels as though there’s a strange presence around somewhere.
”Cas.” Dean exhales. He just looks into his eyes. They stay that way for god knows how long, just staring at each other, taking in their beauty. Dean always found Castiel so beautiful.
Jack and Castiel are sitting on a bench, on a mountain, overlooking the heaven they recreated for the people they love, specifically Sam and Dean. Jack has a proud smile on his face while he closes his eyes and breathes in the fresh air.
He couldn’t hold it in anymore. He pulled Castiel into the tightest hug, which was almost aggressive. He held on to him for dear life, it felt as if the world around him would shatter if he let go, or that the Empty would come again and take his angel away from him. Castiel wrapped his arms around his waist, equally tight, and he closed his eyes, feeling at home again.
“Cas- all my life I’ve kept fighting, never had one moment of peace. And to find out that it was never my life in the first place, that I was being controlled by Chuck, it hurt like a bitch. What was the point of my life, right? Of course I’ve had happy moments with people, but I just just started wondering, what was real and what wasn’t.”
Dean looked at Jack, with a sorrowful face, again remembering how he treated Jack back on Earth. But it’s okay, he told himself, this is a chance to start over, there was a lot of time and he was going to make it up to Jack, and treat and cherish him as his own son. He smiled at Jack. Dean just wanted everyone to be happy.
But Cas has a sorrowful look on his face. He doesn’t know how to apologize to Dean about why he didn’t meet Dean.
Castiel softly smiled. “That’s the point of this heaven, Dean, I want you to start over. Do things you couldn’t do, without the world’s burden on your mind.”
tired of being afraid of everything, and they realise, it’s probably been more than 20 years on earth. Jack tells them Sam is at peace right now, enjoying his life with Eileen. He thinks that if Castiel goes and meets him right now, he’ll be reminded of the pain of losing Castiel and he’ll be upset that it took him so long to meet him. It’s already too late, why disturb Sam’s peace now? He’ll do it when he’s here. They’ve got plenty of time and this is the place to start over.
Suddenly, he hears wings. He closes his eyes and smiles to himself. Oh, how much he’s missed that sound.
Castiel asks Dean whether he should go and meet Sam, he feels so selfish over this, he realises he could’ve done it before, but he just made peace with Dean, he was finally in a good place mentally, he was finally happy and he was just
