“Oh, for God’s sake.”
He could feel the other man’s chest rise and down underneath his hand and it lulled him into a peaceful slumber.
But what really occupied him, was the thought that maybe he had found an answer to why Scott was so fed up with Alphas; a reason for his decision not to trust them anymore. He clearly hated Alphas with all his heart and it suddenly seemed apparent that there was a very logical explanation for that: An Alpha had hurt an Omega that he loved. A parent, a sibling, or a friend. It could be any of these options or something else even. It didn’t matter.
It was an almost indescribable feeling, holding Sherlock like this. It was so utterly
Although his brain told him to just move on and get on to his next class, Sherlock couldn’t move. It was as if his body refused to answer his brain’s orders, his limbs heavy and useless as he stood there in the small tight space beside the corridor, staring after the Alpha who had left him there.
“I’ll get you a new one, alright?”
Sherlock snorted weakly. “Please, John. You know I’m not ordinary.”
. His throat went dry and he swallowed, trying to make the lump in his throat disappear.
John met his glare calmly. “What did I say wrong?” he asked with sincere curiosity.
“Sherlock.” John sighed again. “I’m sorry, please wake up.” He shook him a little more firmly and Sherlock’s eyes finally fluttered open, blinking in confusion as he looked up into John’s face.
But to be blatantly refused like that? Almost spit in the face as Scott had just done now? That was almost insulting. John’s deed had not been that bad that it warranted impertinent behaviour like this. It was childish, to the point of being radically disrespectful, and John refused to accept this.
“Wait! “Sherlock hissed, this time grabbing the other man’s arm in earnest to stop him from leaving. The Alpha stopped in his tracks, staring at Sherlock’s hand on his arm and it made something in his chest sting with unfamiliar pain.
He rolled off of him as quickly as he could, but Sherlock grabbed his arm before he could get off the bed and flee - this room, the flat, London, anywhere that wasn’t here.
He threw his hands in the air to make a point.
Her face fell. “Oh, okay, I understand.” She looked very disappointed and he felt a pang of remorse. But encouraging her flirting didn’t seem fair, too, so he ignored it.
That’s why it was so noteworthy that he had managed to find a friend in John Watson. It pleased him more than he’d liked to admit having someone reliable around him all the time. Someone who didn’t throw a hissy fit when the kitchen was cluttered up with his experiments and human body parts. Someone who liked to hear him play the violin. Someone who solved crimes with him because it excited him in the same manner than it did Sherlock.
He spent some time going through his last three or four cases. He deleted quite a lot and that was very satisfactory. But after a while, he was finished, and he was still reluctant to leave. He didn’t want to go back, there was nothing of interest there for him at the moment. Let Mycroft sort things out for himself, he would stay a little while longer. He still wasn’t as calm as he should be.
“Come on, Sherlock, “he said as he pressed him against his chest with his face down, strong arms still wrapped protectively around the man in his arms, shielding him from the water pouring down on them, “wake up. Come on.”
Sherlock looked out of the window again, willing himself to calm down. “Yes.”
“Yes, Sir, see you then.”
It was hard to admit to himself, but that had really stung. He hadn’t been able to hide the angry tears welling up in his eyes and that had made it even worse. How dare John attack him like that? How dare he insinuate that Sherlock was at fault for ending up in danger every so often? He crossed his arms in front of his chest, feeling indignation and defiance build up a wall inside him.
John Watson stopped in his tracks, his shoulders rigid in surprise. His friend, a Beta called Mike if Sherlock remembered right, also stood still, standing next to him. The two of them turned around at the same time, both of them with their mouth open as they apparently had been discussing something when they had been interrupted by him. Several students standing around or passing by raised their heads and watched curiously as Sherlock finally reached the other two men and he suppressed the urge to bark at them to mind their own business.
“On it.” Greg focussed on the backdoor of this new building and this time it was much harder to pick. John stood next to him, trying to give his friend some space but it was difficult not to yell at him to just get it done already. When the lock was finally picked, John pulled the door open, ready to jump inside but Greg stopped him once again.
After they had sat in silence for a while, Sherlock cleared his throat.
“It’s not your fault she is unwell, “John said quietly, trying to say something nice.
He woke with a start. As soon as he opened his eyes, nauseating pain attacked the inside of his head with drilling severity and he quickly closed them again. Breathing heavily, he counted to five, then opened his eyes again, slower this time, shielding them with his hand to give them more time to adjust to the light in the room.
He would never make the same mistake again. Mycroft was right: sentiments were a weakness.
“Sit down, Sherlock!”
He didn’t really look at John though and that made John’s hackles rise immediately. “What do you mean ‘they’? he asked, his voice growing louder. “Won’t you stay here?”
Looking into those cold blue-green eyes again rendered John unable to speak again for a few seconds, but then his gaze hardened and his mouth was pressed into a thin line as he curtly shook his head.
“Ah!”
John leveled his face with Sherlock’s. “Alright, Sherlock, listen to me. You know the drill. Take a few deep breaths, in through your nose, out through your mouth, come on.”
Until that day early November when he was ten and he had gotten back from school, eager to run into the woods with Redbeard. Mycroft had waited for him at the door and told him to sit down right at the doorstep. Then he had calmly told him that Redbeard had been run over by a car a couple of hours ago, he had died a little while later. Sherlock had been completely devastated, he had screamed at his brother, had attacked him with his small fists, and Mycroft had simply let it happen and pressed him against his chest, stroking his unruly curls and his shaking back when Sherlock had broken down crying.
“No, no, no, Sherlock, “John said quickly but still with a huge smirk on his face, “we didn’t mean it like that. Come on, sit down, we won’t make fun of you anymore.”
“Fuck”, Sherlock cursed again as he stopped abruptly in the middle of the path to the next building. He ran a hand through his unruly curls, biting on his lips to prevent further cussing. He was feeling somewhat hot, his nausea simply refused to abate and he longed to simply go to his room, crawl underneath his covers and tune out the rest of the world.
Sherlock was after all this time he knew him still a mystery to him.
He made another waving motion with his hand. “Yes, yes do that.”
Sherlock shuddered at the thought that there was a probability that John would get sentenced for murder which would put him in prison, maybe for the rest of his life.
His eyes flicked over to Sherlock’s closed bedroom door.
“I’m sorry, honey, “she said in a mock tone. “Maybe it’s a little too much for you after all.”
John lingered in the living room for another few minutes. He was still stunned by Mycroft’s unusual soft demeanour and he somehow wanted Sherlock to know about the sincerity of his older brother’s sentiment towards him. But Sherlock always seemed intent on writing Mycroft’s above-average time spent on watching over him off as proof for his compulsive need to control everyone around him, nothing more. He thought that Mycroft saw him as a rival, for they both were incredibly intelligent and Mycroft only claimed his brother’s talents for his own affairs because he couldn’t be bothered with the legwork, or so he claimed. Sherlock knew his brother valued his brainpower and thought that that was the reason the older man always had an eye on him and went to great lengths to protect him from potential and actual danger. He probably never realized that Mycroft might have other reasons to look after him – that maybe sentiment was also a key player in the matter.
So many questions but be wasn’t allowed to express them.
Apparently, the woman had recovered from whatever Sherlock had done to her, and she was moving forward now, doing something. He couldn’t see, so he beckoned Greg to follow him as he crept forward, pushing his back against the wall, so he was at an angle that when the woman in that room looked their way, she wouldn’t see him or Greg.
“Greg! Can you phone an ambulance?” John was shocked to hear the panic in his own voice. He felt his heart pounding rapidly in his chest and for a second he was completely overwhelmed by the situation.
“Yes, I’m fine. It’s just a concussion, nothing to worry about.” Sherlock looked at John sideways. “Apparently, doctors like to keep patients under their care a little longer than necessary, probably out of some stupid power complex or something the like.” John just grinned at him.
“Okay, “he said, more for his own benefit than Sherlock’s. “Alright, I’m calling an ambulance.”
“Gimme five minutes, “John yelled over his shoulder. “Wait for me outside.”
They were sitting in a dirty, leaky rowboat, across from each other, John being the one facing the direction they were heading towards. Next to each of them respectively sat the two men that had decided to take them on this late afternoon trip on the Thames in one of the shadier parts of London. They were Billy and Charles Dickson, the two serial killers that had gone on a killing spree that had taken up John and Sherlock’s time for the past two weeks. Butchering people left and right, always in pairs - an older woman and a young man - leaving behind mutilated, bloody corpses that made quite the gruesome spectacle to behold.
He propped up a pillow against the bed-head and settled himself against it. Once again, he pulled Sherlock gently to his side and laid his head into his lap. He was reassured by Sherlock’s steady, quiet breathing and he readjusted the wet cloth and Sherlock’s forehead. He was still sweating profoundly.
They all stared at him, interrupted by his unexpected presence and there was a suppressed smile on Mycroft’s face, indicating he was enjoying the little entrance he was making. But then it disappeared and a cold, calculating look replaced it as he searched their faces one after another, resting on Sherlock’s at last.
Running up the stairs to the first floor, he entered the central corridor. The ‘John’ corridor. He would find everything he needed right here.
James took a swig of his beer, pushed it into John’s hand, and entered the dancefloor, a determined look on his face. John and Greg watched in fascination as their Alpha friend addressed the girl confidently, after which both of them immediately started dancing together, their arms wrapped around each other.
Mike raised an eyebrow over his usual bowl of cereal. “A party? On a Tuesday?”
John shook his head in helpless wonder. “But … ?”
He cringed when he thought of the compassion in John’s eyes and the conversation they had the night after the first assault.
“It’s alright, John, “he said, a sad smile on his lips, “I understand. You’re right, of course. I am a virgin and I am pathetic.”
“Shhhh, shhhh, I’m here, I’m here, don’t worry, “he soothed as he continued to stroke the side of Sherlock’s face, and Sherlock’s eyes closed again.
“Oh, hi Sarah, “he said, smiling back politely. “It’s nice to see you.”
He closed his eyes as different, fuzzy images appeared before his eyes.
Everywhere Sherlock was, there was John: irreplaceable, dependable, unquestionable. A mind-shattering omnipresence, in reality, dream and mind palace, everything that was Sherlock.
He had grown used to the arrogant, but incredibly clever person he called his colleague. He had grown to really like that also warm-hearted, gentle, and loving person he called his best friend. The friend who had performed the miracle of turning him, John, from a lonely, sad war veteran with PTSD into a man who enjoyed life again by solving crimes with the world’s only consulting detective.
Sherlock opened his eyes again. “But it didn’t. Thanks for saving my life, Doctor Watson.”
He finally turned his head and looked at Sherlock, his eyes blue and sad and clear. “I was shocked to see how mad he was at you, Scott. You saw how he reacted when he thought it was you who broke the microscope. He was being completely unprofessional, yelling at you like that. And if I’m being honest... yes, I was afraid for you at that moment. I was afraid he would go even further, maybe even hurt you physically, he was so angry. So yes, I stepped in because I couldn’t allow him to hurt you in any way. I didn’t want him to single you out even further. You’re obviously passionate about what you’re doing, I don’t want him to ruin your chances of passing this class. That’s all, I swear. There is no hidden agenda, no plan, or anything else. I did not plot anything with Victor and Sebastian and I despise those twats for how they’re treating you. I thought I already made that clear, but okay, apparently not.”
John was really trying to focus on the experiment. It was helpful that his lab partner was quite clueless and he needed to explain everything he did in detail, laying out the instruments as he worked. But although he really tried not to, his eyes kept flitting at the table diagonally opposite theirs, where Scott was working with Samantha. John could see that Scott was getting impatient with the other Beta, his eyes rolling dramatically as he snapped at her to write something down and for a moment he pitied her. He thought it was mean of Scott to treat the poor girl like that just because she wasn’t as quick and clever as him, but at the same time he wondered what would happen if he and Scott were lab partners: would they work well together, Scott appreciating John’s efficient, clean way of handling the tools, his quick way of thinking? Or would he snap at him as well, resulting in John snarling back viciously because he would bite his arm off before he would allow Scott to treat him like he had again?
All hope gone, no hope of staying
But he couldn’t. He needed to go to his next seminar and get on with his day.
John blushed as he realized both Sherlock and the young nurse were staring at him. He really was a bloody idiot, it seemed.
“You are?”
An uncomfortable silence stretched between them until Greg awkwardly cleared his throat.
He stopped himself for a few seconds, taking another deep breath, as he was getting more and more agitated by the second.
“John, I ...I”
Hush, hush, dreams come a-creepin
“Not really.”
It was all there. In these eyes. In his hesitant smile. The pink tongue sticking out to lick his lips when he was looking at him.
“Hi, “John shouted, leaning over the counter so that the other man could hear him, “I wondered if you’ve maybe seen our friend. Tall, lanky, curly brown hair, high cheekbones. We’ve searched everywhere in here, but we can’t find him.”
John Watson, former army doctor, Captain of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers was a little nervous.
“The name’s Jack.” The man said as he exhaled his first cloud of smoke. “What’s your name, gorgeous?”
John Watson didn’t care.
“Why?” Jack didn’t seem impressed.
“But I tried to tell myself it was only platonic.”
He had just managed to take his notebook, his pencil case, and his bottled water out of his bag when one of the doors in the front opened and the professor came in. John studied him with a curious look: he had heard quite a lot about this man but had never met him before. The man only taught fourth-semester-courses and upward, probably couldn’t be bothered passing on the very basics of his profession.
“I am not gay!” he had told Irene Adler at the Battersea Power Station and he had scoffed when she said they were a couple.
“Come on boys, “Mrs. Hudson shouted from the kitchen, “tea’s ready.”
He wrinkled his nose in obvious disgust of himself at if it had been his own fault and John smiled inwardly to himself because it was a little cute. But he also felt his heart tugging at this unexpected confession from the usually so distant man. It was … nice to be reminded he was a human being with feelings and all that. He did truly care for John. He had discovered that some time ago, at the latest on that night at the swimming pool when Sherlock had been totally out of it with worry over John wearing that explosive winter coat, ripping it off of him in a panic. They had even joked about it, how it must look like to others if they had seen them like that. John smiled when he thought of that memory.
“But I want to get that rape kit done, “Mycroft continued, “I want it done so that man will receive the punishment he deserves.”
“That’s just one of the toxicants you were talking about, Mr. Williams, “Magnussen said with a condescending smirk. “The other two are still in the testing stage, he’s proven nothing about those two yet. I also doubt that the theory regarding the first toxicant is true.”
The moon was shining into the bedroom, illuminating the bed on which the two men lay entangled against each other. John dared to pull Sherlock against him and he brought his face close to Sherlock’s hair, breathing in the faint scent of pines and cleanliness.
“John?”
He looked up and the barely disguised pain in his glistening blue eyes made John’s own heart ache in return. “I apologize, John. It was not okay. I know what you have done for me. You have saved my life. I don’t know how I can ever repay you. You would have gone to prison for saving me had it not been for my brother. There are no words that can make this right. You are a true friend, I couldn’t wish for a better.”
“John!”
They reminisced about old cases, about odd little details Sherlock would have been obsessed with and they made light fun of each other in playful companionship. This night out felt great and John was happy.
“Dammit Sherlock!" he whispered hoarsely. "Don't do this to me!"
The shower scene has been inspired by a similar scene in one of my favourite stories ("To Light Another's Path") by one of my favourite authors and she has generously permitted me to use that concept in my story. Thanks so much
“Why didn’t you come and get me?”
A comfortable silence stretched out the room in which Mrs. Hudson first got John his well-deserved cup of tea, then sat down next to Sherlock to hand him his cup. She put her hand on Sherlock's arm and leaned a little into his space. “It’s good to have you back, “she said with a big smile on her face, squeezing his arm in honest affection and he gave her a tiny, sarcastic smile back.
Scott stared at him in disbelief, his eyebrows raised as if to challenge his remark and John sighed.
Once more, he inhaled deeply. “How are you feeling?” he started carefully, grateful that he had managed to speak after all.
John enjoyed his breakfast thoroughly after which he was taken back to the interrogation room. He barely managed to suppress an exasperated groan when he saw that Dimmock was already waiting for him in his chair, looking even more hostile than yesterday.
“Yes, I know, I should have known better, alright? Believe me, it’s not as if I’m not feeling guilty.”
He heard John exhale shakily. “No, Sherlock. He didn’t.”
“Hi, I’m sorry, “he greeted them a little out of breath. “Have you maybe seen two men? One of them tall, skinny, curly hair? About maybe ten minutes ago?”
Proof that the agency funded the costs of shipping people from other countries here, proof that they stole their passports, rental agreements, and layouts of houses big enough for as many as twenty people.
“Believe me, you just don’t, “he said as he stared at a point somewhere behind John’s face.
John Watson’s eyes, crystal blue and clear like the summer sky, widened a little more and for a moment he seemed genuinely surprised at Sherlock’s glaring anger. Then something like regret replaced the surprise and he dropped his gaze, shaking his head slightly.
“Williams! I should have known it would be you! What are you, an imbecile? Too bloody nervous to keep your hands steady? Or did you maybe want to destroy it to demonstrate your aversion to experimenting on Omega samples? That’s it, isn’t it? You did this on purpose didn’t you?”
John hesitated. “Well with you looking like that, it must be hard for you. To avoid drawing everybody’s attention, I mean..”
When she was finished with the photographs, Mrs. Wilkins put on a pair of latex gloves “Alright then, Mr. Holmes, I have to inspect your wounds more closely now and take some swabs, collect a few samples as evidence of your assault. Are you okay with that?”
At Mycroft, for telling him that sentiment was a weakness. If he understood it better maybe he would be able to deduce the enigma that was John Watson and not be left utterly helpless like he was now?
Magnussen stopped and lazily studied the terrified faces of the students left from him.
“Of course I have to.” That’s all that needed to be said. John turned to the doctor who gave him a look of gratefulness.
“You too, “he had answered and they had shared one last kiss - open-mouthed but without tongues - before parting ways in a friendly manner, promising to always keep each other up to speed. Mary would go back to London to resume her training as a nurse whereas John would return to Durham where he studied medicine.
Sherlock's mind managed to register the unusual concern of the young man – you wouldn’t find so many people being nice to strangers nowadays – he probably should give this place a great review on Yelp to repay him. But then he lost the thought again as he was lifted into a more upward position by the foreign strong arms holding him.
and John just grinned.
Suddenly, a wave of despair washed over him and threatened to take him down. He felt himself choking and he tried not to panic. To stop himself from doing that, he jumped off the couch and hurried off into the bathroom. Bending over the sink, he splashed cold water into his face and that seemed to help a little. He stood there with his face resting on his arm splayed over the sink, trying to breathe steadily.
“It’s nice of you to think of me, but in case you haven’t noticed, I’m a Beta.”
“Well, yes, he stumbled into me a little while ago when I came back from my break and I helped him up. He seemed totally out of it, completely hammered. I was afraid he was going to pass out. But then your other friend appeared and left with him. So, don’t worry, he’s probably taken him home by now.”
Sherlock closed his eyes wearily. “Yes. I miscalculated. Obviously.”
“Thanks, Mrs. Hudson, “he said, gratitude in his voice. “Could I ask you another favour?”
John groaned as he was snapped out of blissful oblivion and he turned onto his stomach, burying his face into his pillow. It couldn’t be morning yet. No, absolutely not, it was barely even bright outside.
He watched as she packed everything safely away.
(See the end of the chapter for
He was still young after all. He could tie himself to someone else later when he was a doctor with his own practice and an impressive salary, a nice house in the suburbs, and a full bank account to his name. He wanted all that: a wife, kids, a house, maybe even a dog.
He awoke again with a start. Seconds later he realized a glass of water had been splashed into his face to rouse him.
Lestrade looked at his own empty glass and said “Me, too.”
“He’s not even awake yet!”
John’s body was screaming for more, but he tried to ignore it. This was a huge step in their relationship and he wouldn’t ruin anything by overwhelming Sherlock on the very special occasion of their very first kiss. Well, second kiss.
But later. This had to wait. He needed to clear things between him and John first. Everything else was not as important.
“No, John.” Sherlock looked up and there were angry tears in his eyes, refusing to spill out of his bright blue eyes. His lips were drawn into a thin line and he was pale as a ghost. “It’s good to know where you’re standing. Really.”
“Sherlock, please.”
He was weak and unstable.
“The bite on the shoulder is infected. Nothing too serious, but you should probably adjust the antibiotics and watch his temperature, he is at risk to develop a fever, I am told.”
“Alright good. Now I can look up when it’s going to be out of my system.” He grabbed his laptop, pulled up his legs to settle into his usual sitting position, and began his research at once. John stared at him.
John’s eyes widened in realization and he changed course as he kicked his feet to swim quicker. After a few wide strokes, he finally recognized a dark shape in front of him. It was a body, completely still, the dark coat floating around his body eerily, like the wings of an angel, but without any energy or life within them.
Mycroft didn’t answer and John laughed again as he ran a hand through his hair. He couldn’t believe this. The way Mycroft had said it, it sounded as if it were already a done deal he would be released, The next day even.
“Oh, I don’t know.” Greg shrugged. “Maybe that bloke over there?”
Mike didn’t seem convinced. “But you tried. He didn’t even let you speak and it escalated quickly.”
“Oh, John, have you been with him the whole night?” Mrs. Hudson looked at him with open concern.
Sherlock beamed and he looked so carefree and delighted in his eager anticipation of the new case, it was adorable. “I called him right after waking up this morning, I was so bored. And you see, I was lucky, he had just had a call from someone who had found a corpse in a warehouse in Chelsea. I’d say it was fate, wouldn’t you?” And he winked at John. The strange feeling inside John’s belly made itself known again.
“Stop that sentimental bullshit, Mycroft, “he snapped, out of habit, “it doesn’t suit you.”
Scott immediately took a step back, his eyes widening in surprise.
He had meddled with his relationships with women, so much that they had all left him. He had taken away John’s time, forced him to come to crime scenes with him when he could have spent his time dating, trying to find the right woman for him, start a family.
Sherlock managed to concentrate his gaze on John and although it was hard at first, breathed in together with him through the nose, and then out through the mouth. They did it again and again.
He stopped himself abruptly, covering his mouth with his hand, seemingly irritated with himself. Obviously, he wanted to say something more as he opened his mouth yet again, but before he could utter another word both of them were grabbed by the forearm by John’s friend Mike, pushing them into a small alcove away from the crowded corridor.
Sherlock allowed John to support his head while he drank the water, washing the pill down. Despite the help, moving like that had exhausted him and Sherlock closed his eyes wearily as John helped him lay back down.
John saw something strange in Sherlock’s eyes and he recoiled a bit. “I stopped him. I found you in the park and I …. Well, I got him off of you before he could get that far.”
“No, that’s alright, “she said with a small wave of her hand “Don’t feel bad about it. I’m used to getting overlooked a little.”
“Officer Dimmock?”
“The strawberry, John, the picture of the strawberry they found underneath one of his shoes! It’s from a business card. And where would you find a business card with a strawberry on it?” He rapidly typed something into his phone and after a few seconds his eyes lit up.
Sherlock snorted and he bit his lip as he shook his head frantically. “But it is my fault, John! If I hadn’t gone to the agency you wouldn’t have had a reason to be there and save me again. I was …. stupid, just like always, reckless, and I should have known better. You were right with what you said to me in the hospital. I am an idiot and I always get us into such terrible dangerous situations. I’m sorry.”
It was just the right memory and it worked to calm himself down.
“I’m surprised he hasn’t shown up yet. Do you think he’s…?”
John was swallowing, too.
John groaned. “Ah yes, I already forgot.” He dragged a hand over his face. “But I can’t, he’ll run out of here as soon as those papers are signed, and I fear he’ll run onto the street, right into a car, he’s so eager to get back home.”
“Are you alright?” the Professor asked in a surprisingly soft tone, his eyes looking Sherlock up and down subtly and Sherlock’s eyes widened further.
“Nuh-uh. Before you go all raging tiger on me, tell me this. Did you know that your brother has recently murdered two people without you?”
“Oh?” John was surprised. “He hadn’t known Sherlock preferred particular pillows. “Alright, I guess? But hurry, you’ll be missing out on the police catching that guy.”
He carefully pulled the shirt over Sherlock’s head and discarded it to the side. Sherlock did not react then, nor did he stir when John efficiently pulled the sweatpants down his narrow waist and off his long legs, leaving him lying there only in black pants. He refused to look at Sherlock now in the state that he was in, almost completely naked and unconscious in front of him, and he tried to rouse him once again, without success.
Sherlock looked frustrated but didn’t protest when John quickly fetched a few things and then kneeled down in front of him. He seemed incredibly irritated when John slipped the thermometer into his mouth and John saw he was about to spit it out so he fixed him with a strict stare and a “Don’t you dare, Mister!” He acquiesced to John taking his pulse and checking his pupils without making a fuss.
“Oh, you just seemed so….I don’t know.” The Professor’s cold eyes bored into Sherlock’s green ones as he gestured at his body with a wave of his hand. “Lost and helpless. Sitting there like that, all by yourself. So I couldn’t just walk past you.”
John stared at Mycroft in astonishment. “You? You mean in your car?”
“Ah, “he said, his tone suddenly soft with delight, “we have an Omega supporter amongst our midst. How sweet.”
But nothing came. Sherlock had hung up on him.
“Oh, I am cooking you a soup, - vegetables - I thought, to give you your strength back and John can use it too after looking after you all night. Tea’s ready for you on the table, dear, it will make you feel better.” He looked at the table to indeed find a steaming kettle of tea there, as well as his and John’s favourite cups.
“Hurts.”
But maybe he wouldn’t remember anything by himself and that would be for the best. He could just hope it would turn out that way.
“I’m sorry I asked, Sherlock, that was inappropriate.” John seemed subdued now, ashamed even, and that was something Sherlock could not abide.
“Could you please inform me when his blood test results come back?” He gave them his phone number and they left without further ado. Although they weren’t alone, naturally the commotion had caused Mrs. Hudson to come out of her flat and now she was standing at the room’s threshold with her hands on her mouth, totally shocked at the sight of Sherlock lying in his bed in the state he was in.
“And this is what you need to keep in mind if you want to get at least average results at the end of this course,“ Magnussen was just saying. He fell silent as he studied the subdued expression on the faces of his students, most of which averted their gaze when he turned his cold eyes on them, only a handful of brave ones daring to meet them.
John said nothing but he didn’t look happy. He now stood next to Sherlock with his hands outstretched towards him, as if he expected Sherlock to fall any second and was ready to catch him as soon as that happened.
inner Alpha to take over him.
John’s brows arched up dangerously, but then he saw the smirk lurking around Sherlock’s lips and his eyes widened.
His arms full of heavy blankets, he returned to Sherlock, threw the blankets on the chair in the corner, and quickly sat beside his friend, slightly out of breath.
John took a few, quick strides forward and practically fell into the grass next to his friend. At once, he put a shaky hand on Sherlock’s head, cupping his face tenderly as he anxiously tried to avoid hurting him any further.
“Oh, that’s my friend Billy, “Molly exclaimed. “She probably has been looking for me, I promised we would go dancing some more.” She looked at her watch, her eyes widening. “Goodness!”
“Hey!” Greg protested in an overplayed fashion, punching John lightly in the chest. “I’ll have you know that my ‘average Beta cock’ is very sizable, thank you very much.”
There weren’t any people they could ask if they had seen anything. The streets were dark and empty, and hopelessness crept into John’s heart. They’d never find him at this rate. London was huge, and they had probably disappeared into a cab or a car and driven off.
Luckily, the bullet hit the ground between him and Greg, and a second after, Greg pulled up his gun and shot the now visible man standing in the doorway right in the shoulder. With a pained grunt, the man collapsed onto his knees, clutching his wounded shoulder.
“I’ll let him do his thing here and then it’s back to Baker Street, “John whispered, addressing Greg while looking at Sherlock. “He promised me.” Greg gave him a skeptical look and John knew he had a point there. But he would press this, Sherlock was still in recovery, even if he didn’t want to admit it. John was especially concerned about the wound on his shoulder.
Sherlock’s mind desperately tried to put all the pieces together but his brain was still under the drug’s influence and a voice in the back of his head told him to leave it for now, he wouldn’t get any answers while he was still in this state.
As John walked away from him, Scott called after him.
It still hurt to think of Sherlock that way. The helplessness, the fear, and the pain in his voice. The vulnerability he almost never let others see. But at the same time, John realized, he was grateful because indeed, Sherlock had needed him in these moments. He had been truly overwhelmed, naked terror had taken him into its grip and he had needed John to calm him, to hold him and tell him it was going to be okay ….
Magnussen squinted at him warily, glancing at Scott again before he sighed and straightened. “Alright, Watson. You must really watch out better. I don’t think our insurance covers this, so I’m going to have to ask you to pay for this.”
Scott huffed and shook his head. “I’m just pointing out facts.”
Sherlock was so excited about the whole affair, that he straight out refused to do anything that didn’t have anything to do with the case, especially eating and resting.
John pinched the bridge of his nose. He was tired and he didn’t want to talk about this. What he wanted was to look after Sherlock again, to make sure he was okay. But he knew he couldn’t get out of this, so it would be better to just get it over with.
“Sherlock, “he said softly as he shook his shoulder. “We need to get you back the hospital,” Sherlock whined and shrugged John’s hand off, curling even more into himself.
Something in her voice had changed and it made John stop again and study her intensely. When she noticed that he had stopped she looked back at him, raising her brows, asking him what was wrong silently.
“It’s Greg. He still needs your statement, “John said apologetically.
This is it! After falling in love with
The men looked at him warily and didn’t reply at once.
“As a matter of fact, I don’t.” Scott snapped, growing more annoyed by the second.
John cursed himself inwardly and struggled against his restraints, forcing himself back into reality. He noticed Sherlock was looking at him curiously and he swallowed nervously, hoping that this one time, Sherlock would not be able to deduce him. He was something of a mind reader sometimes, but in this case, it would be extremely embarrassing if he found out.
The light shone through the unveiled windows and cast an eerie shadow throughout their living room. The floor creaked under the soft, hesitant steps of his feet. He was desperate to avoid making any sounds in case Sherlock was unexpectedly asleep, so he tried to step even lighter.
“You’re supposed to be a bloody genius but all I see is an idiot who doesn’t know when to shut the fuck up!”
As Sherlock approached the body on the ground, his face revealing he was already in the process of deduction, John stepped to Greg’s side. The Inspector looked at him with a guilty expression on his weary face.
His thoughts were interrupted when he was served dinner. And what a dinner it was.
/////
“John Watson, not pleased to meet you.”
All of them froze, staring at Scott with an open mouth. Sebastian’s face fell, then his cheeks turned pink in obvious embarrassment, but before he could say anything Scott’s head snapped towards Victor, his expression stony, his eyes hard.
He was glad the case was over, and they hoped they could have some peace and quiet now, at least for a while. Just a few boring little cases maybe for a change. Well, maybe not because boring cases meant a frustrated Sherlock and that meant bullets in Mrs. Hudson’s wallpaper and even crazier experiments in the fridge.
He let himself be ushered towards his bedroom by Mrs. Hudson and promised her to go to bed immediately and not lie awake to start writing that article.
When it had finally reached the required temperature, John crouched down in front of Sherlock and tried to rouse him again. Unfortunately, Sherlock still did not react to his desperate pleas to wake up.
“Wait.” Jack implored once more. “At least take your beer, you’ve forgotten it and it’s still nearly full.”
“So I was right, “he said, raising his chin to meet Scott’s impatient gaze again.
Hush, hush, dreams come a-creepin
“Ten minutes, “he mouthed, and John nodded thankfully while he still held Sherlock’s head upright.
“There you are, little brother, “he said with open relief, and he leaned back, letting out a weary sigh. “You really had me worried there.”
There was fondness, too, admittedly. A lot. Despite the man being impossible, despite him constantly grinding all of John’s gears with his insults and his lack of empathy, his constant nagging, and his tedious experiments cluttering or even almost blowing up their apartment, despite all that, Sherlock had somehow managed to crawl into John’s stupid heart and make himself a home there. Meaning that he had become John’s best friend. Don’t ask him how it happened, it just had. And what was even more strange was the fact that John had somehow accepted liking and maybe even enjoying living with a madman like that, as well as running around London with him to solve crimes. Somehow, inexplicably, being with Sherlock made him happy, and wasn’t that the dumbest and craziest thing ever happening to him?
They had to pay.
Girls of various ages and types threw him flirty or shy looks as he quickly made his way to the cafeteria, trying not to run in his haste to be punctual. He managed to wink at one brunette girl he had seen around somewhere and grinned when she blushed hard as he passed her by.
He finally looked up at John whose heart nearly stopped as those sapphire eyes settled on him, studying him calmly. “Fine, “he repeated after a few seconds, even softer than before, as he waited for John to accept his declaration.
But over the years, the spark had been somewhat lost. They didn’t have a lot to talk about and the sex was only barely average. Mary had sensed it too which probably explained why she hadn’t been overly upset when he had sat her down at the end of the summer vacation just a week ago, and asked her if they could still be friends.
“He does? Ah, that’s good to hear. “Frederic seemed very relieved.
“Sherlock?! John?”
“About … this. Us.” Sherlock was downright bashful, it was almost unbelievable. This was a whole new side of Sherlock and John was incredibly grateful that he got to see it.
“I am a complicated person, John. I would try to change, for you, but …. Eventually, I would forget what I promised you and just ruin everything again by … well, by being me, essentially.”
“You see? I’m fine and you’re all overexaggerating, you drama queens.”
“No, I don’t accept your apology, “Scott said bluntly, without looking up from his notes, continuing to scribble something, the words adding up so quickly, they became a blur to John above from where he was hovering over Scott.
Without resisting further, Sherlock allowed John to dip the glass forward and he swallowed the tablet down with just a couple of quick sips. When John tried to get him to drink the rest of the glass Sherlock closed his mouth and shook his head.
Sherlock paled and John shifted in his seat, ready to jump in any second now.
The blood in Sherlock’s veins was boiling, his heart was pounding rapidly in his chest and he suddenly felt somewhat light-headed. He needed the answer to his question right this instant, but all that he got was an irritated look from John Watson, his brow furrowing even further and that was when Sherlock became aware of the increasingly familiar scent of salty seawater, spiking in the narrow space between them.
Turning around himself, staring at the closed doors, his mind slowly filled with dread.
“You could have stopped me, too, why didn’t you?”
But he wouldn’t need to use those methods today. Coming in at this hour would be suspicious, and he was sure if he rang the bell now, he would be denied entry. No, he could do that another time, today he would sneak in and try to find some evidence that this agency was involved in the doubtful business of human trafficking as well as the murder of the teacher, Mr. Harrington. It shouldn’t be too hard, he just had to find the offices of the upper managers, there would probably be enough there. Unless they were clever enough to hide their secrets somewhere else but oftentimes, criminals were not, so he needed to check this building first before he searched elsewhere.
He shook his head as if to rid himself of the unexpected stream of thoughts coursing through his mind and he picked up the pace scanning through the notes, disposing of the useless ones effectively.
He looked up and saw Greg watching him, trying to suppress a smirk. He raised his eyebrows as if to say
He stopped, fearing he had revealed too much, too soon.
John’s eyes widened in dismay. “What? Sherlock, you cannot be serious! You can’t go on a case now!”
Magnussen’s far-away look was gone a second later, and he blinked, re-directing his eyes to Sherlock’s face.
“Well, that was quite the short phone call, “Greg observed unnecessarily as he looked at John in growing concern. “What did he say?”
“Yes, Mrs. Hudson?” He tried to speak normally, to not let the panic seep through. “Yes, yes, I know it’s very late, I’m sorry. Yes, I’m aware I’ve woken you up, I apologize….Could you do me a favour and go into our apartment and see if Sherlock’s there? Yes, it’s important!”
That’s when a young female doctor entered their room, Sherlock’s medical chart in her hands.
He dove down deeper until he reached the bottom of the Thames. He swam into what he thought was North – where Billy must have thrown Sherlock into the water. There was a slight current of course, which would have caused him to float to …. the West.
“It’s a little hard to answer that, Doctor Watson. When I came here first, Mr. Holmes seemed well enough. I was warned that he tends to be a little …. difficult when it comes to looking after himself and getting treatment. So I was prepared when Mr. Holmes yelled at me for trying to make him eat and letting me look at his shoulder. To be honest, I still felt uneasy about the whole thing, because I couldn’t possibly force him to be tended to. But Mr. Mycroft Holmes was still there when his brother did that, and he made it very clear that he would not hesitate to return him to the hospital if he didn’t acquiesce to being treated and looked after by me. And this time it wouldn’t be a public hospital but one of the private ones where treatment would be a little different than before. More, let’s say, ‘intense’.”
“I said DON’T start an unnecessary discussion.”
Sae smile in your sleep, bonnie baby
“Oh, so you are an expert I see. BDSM? That’s sick, letting yourself be bitten like that. You really are a freak.” Her voice was soft and deep, but her words tore into him like steel and he choked down a sob as she began to poke at the damaged tissue of his shoulder with her fingers.
He let out a shaky breath and kneeled over Sherlock, his left hand never letting go of his friend’s. It felt wrong to touch his friend in this state so soon after…. his assault. After a few quick movements, he reached a first quick conclusion.
“Yes, of course, “John mumbled into his coffee.
“Yes, that’s what you like about me, “Sherlock retorted, and he threw a sly smile at John as a cab pulled up beside them. An undefinable but somehow nice feeling made John’s belly flutter unexpectedly, and he couldn’t help but grin as he got inside next to his friend.
“Did you fight the man assaulting you, did you struggle with him?” she asked then, moving on.
Billy howled in angry disbelief and Sherlock tutted.
John hesitated. He wanted to believe Mycroft, but he wasn’t convinced. “I- I’m not sure, “he said eventually.
John nodded in understanding.
He tightened the grip around her throat and watched in satisfaction at her eyes widening in terror.
“Ah, wait, “John said, his brow furrowed as he studied her face thoughtfully. “You seem familiar. Do we know each other?”
He bit his lip nervously while he waited and then sighed in exasperation at Mrs. Hudson’s reply: “Okay, thank you anyway. No, I don’t know where he is. I have to find him now, so take care.”
“Wha- wha’s happenin’?” Sherlock managed to croak out as he tried to resist the man’s strong grip, tried to stop him from dragging him away. “Who’re you? G-get off me.” His voice had returned for a few seconds, although his words slurred heavily now and barely sounded like real words. The other man’s only reaction was a gruff chuckle.
“Sherlock, what are you doing, stop that!” John jumped off his bed and tried to grab Sherlock’s hands, but was pushed away immediately.
John reached out to trace the line of Sherlock’s face with his fingers, from the hairline down his beautiful cheekbone to the sharp angle of his jaw, cupping it gently and stroking his cheek with his thumb.
“Doctor Watson, “Dimmock said with spite in his voice, “good morning. Are you ready to tell some truths today?”
Somehow, this thing had hurt him deeply. To think that John would pity him because he hadn’t managed to get laid at the age of 36. Not that it had been important to him until then. But at that moment, it made him feel vulnerable in front of his best friend. Exposed.
At long last, he was able to enter his mind palace again. The fever was still raging inside his transport, but it was less forceful now. Sherlock was still bewildered by the fact that John had dragged him into the shower and placed them both underneath the unrelenting spray of water. A million details had to be looked at, turned over, and analyzed and now that John had helped him get rid of the worst of the fever, allowing him entry into his palace, he could finally explore and analyze his most recent memories.
“I only wanted to help you, Scott, “he continued in a much softer tone. “Maybe I’m arrogant for stepping in, maybe it was a typical Alpha thing to do, but in the end, I had good intentions. And I’m sorry, but if you cannot accept that, that is your problem.”
On some occasions it had proved useful though, for instance when Sherlock found himself at the other end of town without so much as a penny to his name he could pay a cab with. Other times, circumstances were even direr when he managed to get himself injured while chasing after minor or less minor criminals. Although Mycroft always complained about the blood staining the expensive leather of his car seats, he almost never failed to secure him and deliver him back home – because in most cases, Sherlock refused to be taken to the hospital - safe and sound.
Bewildered, John handed Greg’s phone to the woman and looked on as she answered the call. “Yes, hello …. well I couldn’t examine him completely, …. Yes, he seems relatively stable, …. yes, it’s possible, I guess …. well, okay then.” She got off the phone, handed it back to Greg, and looked at John with open frustration.
His voice trailed off and he reached out on instinct, grasping Sherlock’s hand where it lay between them. His breath hitched in his throat as he took another deep breath and looked at Sherlock in earnest.
“I’m afraid our time’s up already, Dr. Watson. I’ll get back to my barristers now.”
Sherlock graced him with a  shy smile and John’s lips twitched nervously as butterflies fluttered in his stomach, heat creeping its way up to his neck. He loved that smile. It made Sherlock seem so human. Vulnerable, too.
“How can you say I don’t want to get involved? You can’t know that, you don’t know me.”
Finally, John was finished, and he quickly brought the things he had needed away when he heard the phone in his pocket made a noise, indicating he had received a text message.
“Not now.” Sherlock looked up and saw the concern and surprise in his brother’s eyes at the state of himself. He normally wouldn’t let his walls come down like this in front of Mycroft, but he couldn’t care less now. He was too weary to participate in their little charade.
John raised his hands dramatically in his defense. “Oh, I’m sorry if I offended you, Sir, please forgive me.” He grinned at Sherlock who grinned back after a few seconds, and warmth spread out in John’s chest once again. It felt nice.
“Hey Scott, “John said a little louder, leaning forward a little more.
Maybe he shouldn’t have drunk those last couple of shots last night.
“Ah yes! I really think I will. See you next Monday then!”
So, he nodded as he swallowed another lump in his throat down. “Alright, Sherlock. If you say you’re alright, I believe you of course.” He didn’t believe him, but his friend needed him to say the words.
“Sherlock look at me! Breathe with me. In through your nose, out through your mouth. Come on!”
But apart from that, he was a very private person. He liked to be alone. He liked the peace and quiet. Sometimes he would just play the violin for hours and lose himself in the sound of his own music. Other times, he would just keep himself busy with cold cases from Lestrade or write for his blog. It was nice, doing simple stuff like that in contrast to the adrenalizing detective work he did which included chasing after criminals, analysing crime scenes. His transport needed the rest from time to time, even if he was loath to admit it. But he could only enjoy it up to a certain point, if he didn’t get a fresh interesting case in time, he would get bored being stuck in his apartment all the time, his head would almost burst because the voices inside were getting to loud, so much that he couldn’t endure it anymore. Mrs. Hudson, as well as John, could attest to how much that affected him.
“Jesus.” he ran a hand through his hair. “That’s terrible. Really. So I hope it’s not too indiscreet to ask, but...how did you get bonded?”
The cold got worse, but Sherlock felt safe because he knew John was there.
“That’s perfect, Sherlock, feels better now, doesn’t it? Just go back to sleep, love.”
Hush, hush, time tae be sleepin
He remembered the way he had made love to her in his mansion in Sheffield in front of his fireplace. A wistful smile curled his lips when he remembered when she had given him the extremely rare Brown Lilac stamp for his birthday on New Year’s Eve two years ago. He had been extremely pleased about that. Collecting rare stamps was one of the few real luxuries he allowed himself to indulge in.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Never mind, “he shouted, a little more loudly now. “Cheers!” And he held up his still full glass of beer, a little thankful this Jack had reminded him to take it back with him, let it clink against his friends’ glasses, and drained half its contents, suddenly thirsty. His friends grinned at him with slightly drunken smiles and Greg shouted: “Great night, isn’t it? I’m glad I suggested it.”
“That fool!”
“Don’t! Touch me!” he hissed, raising his hands as if to defend himself.
“Yes, how is he?” John shook the other man’s hand impatiently.
“Yes, Sherlock, what is it?” John repeated. “I’m really tired.”
“What did you say?” he asked, dumbstruck. He felt as if he had missed something essential.
She looked at him with visible frustration and he shrugged.
After silently drinking tea and going over the details of their most recently solved case so his mind had something to do while he waited, John got up to check on Sherlock, as he had been doing again and again for the past forty minutes. His friend was still sleeping although he wasn’t resting as peacefully as he had been during the night. He was trembling and shifting, moaning in his sleep, tossing the blanket away from his body because, apparently, he was hot.
“You’ll be glad to hear the news we’ve got. Inspector?”
“Would you….uhm...lie down with me?”
He looked at John as if to make sure his friend understood so John nodded sympathetically.
Their eyes met for a moment and a jolt of electricity shot through John’s body.
“Please follow my finger with your eyes.”
Jack turned towards him, irritated and surprised by the look on his face. “What?” He sounded less velvety now and more like a simple brute. His attractive face changed into an angry mask, prominent eyebrows plunging down hardly.
“Come on Sherlock, “he wheezed, and he pressed his fingertips to his carotid artery as he hovered above him. But he couldn't find a pulse, and panic set in on the edge of his vision, threatening to overwhelm him completely. Ignoring the increasing ringing in his ears, he leaned over Sherlock's open mouth, desperately checking for breathing...which wasn't there.
While he was lost in his thoughts, he eventually noticed Greg was still looking at him, so he sighed and said: “I don’t really know, Greg. I hope it’s not, but it could very well be so.”
Hush, hush, time tae be sleepin
Sherlock didn’t look at her either. “Yes, “he answered, his voice monotonous, almost dull. “Let’s get it over with.”
Biting back a rude comment, John fumbled with his phone again. Maybe Sherlock would call, possibly to ask him to fetch him from somewhere because he had forgotten to take some money with him for the fare home. Possibly the escort agency had been a dead-end – it was past 6 in the evening already, so maybe John was lucky, and Sherlock had been unable to get into the building.
Greg shrugged helplessly. “Honestly, I don’t know. But I have put many a man into the detention cell, only to release him 24 hours later. If you’re lucky that’s what’ll happen with you too.”
“But…”
“Alright?” John asked, hesitatingly.
He bolted inside and stood still as he took in the picture in front of him: there lay Sherlock on his back, clad in one old T-shirt and loose sweatpants, the sheets kicked to the floor beside the bed. He was muttering in his sleep, sweat glistening on his forehead as he tossed from right to left, his hands curled helplessly into the fitted sheet beneath him.
John’s hands relaxed at once and the woman fell to the floor again, twitching and making strange gurgling sounds as she tried to get some air into her lungs.
////////
“I know it hurts, love, just bear with me, alright?” he said softly. He poured some water into the glass and raised it to Sherlock’s lips, together with the tablet of Ibuprofen.
He swallowed, looked up, afraid to see Sherlock deducing everything about John’s apparent infatuation with him at once. But there was only irritation in Sherlock’s eyes, as well as confusion. That was good because John was completely confused and irritated about his own thoughts and he didn’t want Sherlock to deduce it until he had figured it out himself.
“Careful dear!” Mrs. Hudson exclaimed and she took the cup out of his hand again, scowling at him like a mother would at her insolent child. Just a second later she couldn’t help herself but smile because of Sherlock’s antics. She had missed them, John knew, life without them and their cases had to be boring for her.
“Alright, Mr. Holmes, I’m Dr. Mackenna, how are you feeling today?”
) and he lowered his head to breathe against Sherlock's neck.
“Well, you know.” He made a vague gesture with his hands, indicating Sherlock’s body. “Holding you in your sleep. Carrying you to the bathroom. Getting into the shower with you.”
“Cheers, mates, “Greg said when they finally got their orders – it was quite the busy night – and the three of them raised their glasses to each other in a rare moment of camaraderie. It was nice, John thought. They should be doing this more often. Even
Magnussen’s lips curled up slightly. “She didn’t wake up, as far as I know. Her wounds would never have healed completely and she would have probably stayed bed-ridden for the rest of her life, never be able to breathe on her own. Her mate decided to put her out of her misery.”
“Hey, Sherlock” Greg’s voice piped up, “what’s up with you?”
The tea tasted wonderful and John felt himself relax a little. He had some more and slowly, the stiffness left his body. He looked at Sherlock’s sleeping form, facing the wall and he felt a pang of regret and affection at the same time. It was truly exhausting feeling this way. He looked at his watch. Fifty minutes until Mycroft would be there.
Without thinking, John rushed forward to lean over Sherlock’s restless form. “Oh, Sherlock, “he muttered as he laid his hand on the man’s hot forehead. “Oh no.” John held his hand against both of Sherlock’s clammy cheeks and found the same burning skin there.
Dreams o peace an o freedom
John’s brow furrowed in irritation. “Of course.” He followed the other man swiftly into the ICU, down the corridor, into one of the patient’s rooms. There was Sherlock, sitting on the bed with his legs dangling down over the edge, naked torso and a bandage around his head, half-hidden by the mop of curls around it. He looked like he had gone through the wringer, the colour of his skin greyer than should be healthy, yet his friend was not resting as he was supposed to. A nurse was arguing with him or rather, Sherlock was arguing with her.
Watson looked disappointed. “Stamford, come on, you know he should wait until the scarring has-”
Sherlock stopped before John enunciated the T, and it made him want to scream. He had lost control of his body, and he didn’t know how to get it back. His panic must have been visible if John’s concerned frown was anything to go by.
Morgan’s anger melted away. “Come on, let’s go fix your hair.”
and then we’ll--
“And the night of May 18th?”
TERRY
“For many obvious reasons, but If I must choose one, I’d say that if I had wanted to kill you, I would have let you fall into that pit.”
BOYLE
Stamford smiled widely. “With pleasure.”
“That’s sweet of you, but don’t worry, it isn’t my first time dealing with that beautiful creature. I know he likes me, he just has his own way of showing it.” She leaned in to whisper into John’s ear, ignoring Sherlock’s scoff. Her cheek against his, her eyes on his partner who was feigning to ignore them, but she could tell his attention was on them. “Has anyone ever told you you’re sexy when you’re angry?” She pulled back enough to kiss his cheek lightly, smiling as she saw the sulking agent flinch at the noise. “Farewell.” She spoke before walking out of the office.
Ms Adler flipped her hair. “Of course I’m right.”
They scrambled awkwardly into his small hotel room. Stamford shook Holmes’s hand vigorously, still filled with happy energy from Holmes audition. Lestrade patted him on the back. Ms Hooper gave him a warm smile.
Watson felt his throat constrict at the mention of the kiss and nodded. “Yeah, that works.”
“No. Sir.” He decided to add but it felt wrong rolling off his tongue. “But I just-” This time Watson was interrupted.
“Thanks, sugar.” She winked and stepped inside.
Pushing aside his thoughts to analyse later, Sherlock focused on their task. He leaned closer to the artifact and spoke clearly. “Activate voice command.”
“Huh?” John was startled out of his thoughts. Did he just... feel an artifact? He couldn’t explain why, but he just knew that this artifact was miserable here. “Sorry, what did you say?”
Watson spotted the yellowed floral print rug in front of the storage rack at the other end of the room and shook his head. “Don’t try to change the subject.”
“If you’re about to give me the papercut excuse again, this will not end well for you,” Watson warned.
“For hire?” Was this a BDSM term he wasn’t familiar with?
A small beeping sound was heard before it disappeared and reappeared in a crammed shelf in the Warehouse. A few seconds passed before blue sparks flickered around the GPS.
I’m going to regret this.
When he opened his eyes, he lazily read the title page of the script, and raised an eyebrow.
Watson licked his lips. “Somebody has keep an eye on you.” He slipped past Holmes to walk in.
“Even though he was tied and under your surveillance.”
It would have been simpler for John to stand to take off his trousers, but that would imply getting up, which was unacceptable to Sherlock. He made sure to kept John there with one arm while he helped him tug off his trousers and pants with the other. The process took much longer than necessary. Mainly due to John’s fascinating ability to shut down Sherlock’s brain functions with a combination of lip and tongue. If Sherlock didn’t know better, he would think John was toying with him on purpose. It didn’t matter, not if it meant John would continue kissing him like that.
“Stand by. Over.” Smiling, Jones was on one side of the door, his gun ready. Rogers was on the other side, getting ready to open it and follow Jones. Neeson was crouched looking under work stations on the other side of the room when Watson couldn’t help but feel something was about to go terribly wrong. The LED over the key pad changed from red to green. Then the door exploded, quickly followed by the ring of the alarm system.
“Too caricature.”
“Looks like you have a mild concussion, and that’s going to need some stitches. Can you stand?”
“Yes, but what did you do to
“No. I’ll have to work twice as hard to gain everyone’s trust if I’m any type of law enforcement. I should be in a non-threatening role, almost vulnerable.”
“Still nothing?”
“How do you know you’ll live up to the task?” The reporter pressed without being prompted.
“Yes, of course, fine.”
She moaned at the first sip, making Murray blush before they went to work.
“Oh no.” Sherlock said gravely before running off to follow it.
Sherlock rubbed slowly, knowing how sensitive it could be after an orgasm, but John’s hips were saying otherwise. They kept moving, grinding, searching for more. Sherlock was a bit surprised, herself needing a longer refractory period. But it was a pleasant one, filling her with the urge to feel John’s body against her own. Sherlock shifted, attempting to stretch over John without slowing down her hand between her legs. John’s head was thrown back, face half covered with her still wet hair, so Sherlock kissed the uncovered skin of her neck and jaw. It wasn’t planned that she moved and John turn her face just so, it just… happened. And so did the small moan of surprise came from the both of them as their lips met for the first time.
As Sherlock had said the first time he met John: screenwriter barely covered it. John was a man who purposely chose to learn to save lives while learning to take them. A man capable of killing a drug chemist one night and spending the next one writing a love song.
Morgan was sitting and snapping his fingers before Ms Adler could respond.
“Well, that’s implying that you would want to go back.”
“I-.”
“Am I doing something wrong?” He asked the empty room. “Let me guess: read the manual?”
“So you understand the concept of the relationship between a Dom and a Sub? The trust, respect, and communication that is involved?”
“Well, it’s worse at the premiere. The cameras, the interviews, the fans screaming.”
“No matter,” the young woman continued. “You’re here, that’s the important thing. Come on then.”
Lestrade took a step forward and heckled Holmes. “You done messing around up there?”
“So we have whoever is putting the artifacts in the locker on CCTV?”
LESTRADE
“Then how did someone tamper with it?” John asked, leaning back against his chair and crossing his arms.
“But why did she tell you?”
“I’m not sure what you mean.”
the emotions are real, it’s a bloody love story-”
Please continue this frankly disturbing discussion about clothing after the meeting.
“Holmes, there’s a light on in the building. Someone’s there.”
Good. I also wanted you to know that if you ever want to talk about--
Sherlock frowned. “What are you talking about, you know perfectly well that the GPS is-”
Watson wanted to scream. “Frank Hudson, as in the Hudson Cartel,” he explained harshly. “The biggest bloody cartel on the West Coast.”
Sherlock’s mind flashed through the memories of the moment John said yes to the second paddle hit, the sound of the riding crop as it whistled through the air, the look on John’s face at their last glance—
“Yeah, ok, but, you’re going to need to find it first.” The man said as he led them inside.
“For now, all you need to do is keep all this a secret and you all get keep your jobs. Deal?”
“I assume the lead actress was also in shock?”
“What?”
Holmes followed Stamford out to the corridor.
The sound of the door closing behind seemed to snap John out of the spell she had cast on him. He took one look at his partner and decided it would probably be best if he wasn’t around him at the moment.
“Is the reason something other than his lack of talent?”
Holmes rolled his eyes. “I don’t have a concussion.”
What were your exact words? I need to evaluate the damage.
“No, it disappears.” The caretaker explained patiently.
Nothing.
What was he supposed to say? The truth?
“From what we can tell at the moment-” Mycroft started when Sherlock interrupted.
Sherlock had no idea how long the repeated strikes lasted, but it felt like too much and not enough. All of a sudden John let go of Sherlock’s hair, and the room rang loudly with silence. Sherlock let his head hang between his shoulders. The back rub resumed, but Sherlock barely felt it against the his burning arse.
Once the sound of footsteps stopped, Holmes realised he had closed his eyes. When he opened them, he was looking at the ground where the footstep sounds had been coming from. He was certain of it because he could see the footsteps.
Sherlock stretched over the counter to grab a pencil. “Fine, you’re the genre expert, where do you think he is?”
Holmes seemed perplexed. “Why?”
“That depends.” Sherlock carried the box to the empty table.
“Why just those?”
Holmes fixed his jacket and winked. “Of course.”
“Have you tried being nice?” Stamford offered with a smile.
We weren’t interfering, we were observing.
Come on Jake.
“You are supposed to have the power here,” Morgan continued with a vicious tone. “You’re guiding him, showing him where to go and where not to go. This should be obvious to you. I’m disappointed Ms Adler, very disappointed.”
“And I appreciate it, I do, very much so,” Watson cut him off. “And I might take you up on that offer one day, but not tonight. I’ve had enough action for one night,” he added offhandedly and finished his whiskey.
“Mr Wilkes...
John cleared his throat and looked down at his drink. “So when did you want to leave for the market?” He looked up.
“What you did there,” She waved to his feet.
“I believe we haven’t properly met, Sherlock Holmes.”
“Because if you’re gonna start having your boyfriend around for cases, I want to talk to him alone.”
The room was silent as they all looked at one another. Most of the people around the table seemed touched by Stamford’s words, except Dimmock, who still looked worried, and Ms Hawkins, who still looked like she thought Stamford had lost it. Watson, the only other person besides Ms Hooper who knew the real reason behind Holmes’s hire, mostly agreed with Ms Hawkins, but had to admit Stamford had given a good motivational speech.
Holmes smiled at Ms Hooper. “None at all.”
“Bit of a detour, don’t you think?”
She crossed her arms. “Well aren’t you in a murderous mood this morning.”
“At the end.”
Lestrade pursed his lips. “Figured as much.”
“I’m going to go change. I expect a cup of tea waiting for me when I come out.”
“You were perfect,” he replied to her, and smiled nervously.
“You’re not going to make me wash everything here are you?”
. No matter the label, John was starting to regret where he was leading the conversation as he felt his partner’s pale eyes roam over him, which was sort of turning him on and not helping the situation at all.
Then again, Holmes shouldn’t be surprised Watson had a romantic side. After all, he had just declared his love with a song. A dinner date seemed trivial in comparison.
Ms Adler grabbed Holmes’s arm, making it clear to follow her lead.
.” Watson sang in a high voice, making the room laugh. “Yeah not doing that again.” He cleared his throat and continued. “Edward replies with a very confused look:
Holmes stared blankly.
“Right.” The soldier answered, shaking his head as they kept moving. “How long does it last again?”
Instinctively, John pushed Sherlock to the side and spun, swiftly evading the club aimed at his head before punching his assailant in the stomach. As the man bent over in pain, John used his momentum and propelled him forward into the wall on the right side of the door, effectively knocking him out.
SHERLOCK
The next time John and Sherlock came by the lab, nothing happened per se, but Sherlock kept… staring.
“So. Fucking. Good.”
“And if there was a way, I would have thought of it already. We might as well get on with it.” Sherlock said as he stood up. “Come along John. Stay close; don’t want you to get lost down there.” He added as he walked out of the office, not even looking back to see if Watson was following him. “The first Warehouse 13 was built in 1898. It burned down. We didn’t have a knack for how to store artefacts back then. So they built another one. And another one. Remodeling and excavation was necessary as the years went on, to accommodate the arrival of more and more artefacts.” He explained as Watson hurried to follow him. They walked down the stairs to the warehouse level. Rows and rows of 16 foot high racks overflowed with every possible object imaginable. John’s frustration was distracted by his curiosity.
Everyone cheered when Watson stood, including Holmes, who was now more interested in what Watson was doing than what Wiggins was saying.
“Into doing what?” John heard from behind him. That voice.
Sherlock cursed Lestrade’s loud voice and timing.
Watson stared at the ceiling all night. Again.
“In the paper.” He pulled a copy of the Hollywood Reporter out of the inside pocket of his trench coat and tossed it to Stamford. “This movie was the talk of the town when you managed to book the most sought-after actress in Hollywood with the most controversial director. Just that was enough to get the rumour-mill going. Add to that the leading man accidentally falling to his death during dress rehearsal of the finale number, and the papers would be all over it like a moth to the flame. The curse story was a nice touch, adding just the right twist to make this production the talk of the town. It’s such a perfect set up for fraud, I couldn’t have written it better myself.”
John was startled by Sherlock’s interruption, his entire body going tense as he stared at the mirror. The look Lestrade shot over his shoulder made Sherlock suspect he'd expected it sooner. Lestrade sighed.
“Mm, it was.”
Imagining what John saw from above, Sherlock licked his lips, stuck out his tongue and strained against John’s hold.
“Well, that depends.”
“Look, it’s only temporary.”
“Stamford gave Watson a blowjob?” Morgan teased, making Ms Adler roll her eyes but she still looked like she was amused.
“If you would just
“Bloody hell.” John moaned, knuckles white again as she held on the arm rests.
John threw the sword away and took off his shirt to press it onto the wound. Even though the senior agent had reacted to the pain, he was still unconscious. As John leaned forward to increase pressure, the dog tags clinked around his neck. He grabbed them with one hand, expecting something to happen if he did and held them tightly as he kept pressure on the wound.
Lestrade pulls out his phone.
“What’d they say?”
“Will you grab the ramp already?”
The sun was rising when Stamford, Lestrade, Holmes and Watson stepped out of the precinct. They stood on the sidewalk and watched the sunlight colour the sky.
He was vaguely aware of being moved, laid down. John was talking, but the words weren’t registering. Only his voice. Then his lips. Wonderfully soft lips.
“…So, was it?”
Sherlock bit back his excitement.
With a pleased hum, John switched to his full hand to massage Sherlock’s arse while the other resumed its place in Sherlock’s hair. “Ten spanks. Count each one and I’ll let you come after.”
Stop that.
“Sure.”
Stamford frowned. “About what?”
It was Sherlock’s turn to be concerned. How could he not have thought of it himself? This was nothing like him? First the voice command, now this. It was so obvious; it was ridiculous he hadn’t figured it out all those years ago. He stared at his partner, noticing every muscle on his face as they attempted to hold back his amused grin, but his eyes were betraying him.
“Yeah.” Watson croaked and cleared his throat. “Shouldn’t you change out of your costume?”
, the opening song, Holmes’ head rose. He stared into Morgan’s eyes and, as if it were the most normal thing in the world, started singing.
“You?”
“Watson,” Ms Adler said when Watson arrived.
Watson twisted his neck to look at him. “I’m not going anywhere.”
This man, Dean Chester, is our target.
“Is there anything you can work on without Morgan for the last hour?”
John pulled out slowly, rubbing her fingers together to spread the lubricant before pushing back in. She was rewarded by a long, satisfied moan as Sherlock wrapped her hand around John’s wrist and held her there. After a moment of contracting and relaxing her vaginal muscle around her fingers, she let go of her wrist.
“What is not good, exactly?” John asked, trying his best to follow.
“Of course it worked. Now, let’s have a closer look, shall we?” Sherlock replied as he walked around the experiment table to have a look at the GPS from every angle.
Three long days with no cases.
“Has she bought something from an art gallery recently?” Sherlock asked, turning a bit emotional. The man furrowed his brows as he answered.
Watson didn’t look up, busy writing something. “Hm?”
“This is not the time or place.” Watson said through clenched teeth.
“Good.”
“What if it’s rigged?”
“Morgan’s public humiliation told us more about their hierarchy. This confirms my theory that Ms Alder was part of the plan as help, valuable help, and by humiliating her, Morgan lost her loyalty.”
Stamford’s eyes widened. “John, do you mean…?”
Against his better judgement, Sherlock took the piece of toast into his mouth.
“See, plenty of time to hide,” Holmes commented as he rearranged his coat so it wouldn’t get dirty.
John bit his tongue and shook his head before turning to get his own chair. He couldn’t see himself trying to explain how he knew the GPS preferred town chatter to dusty shelves. As he looked around the room, evading Sherlock’s stare, John could sort of relate.
Something must be wrong.
“Maybe.”
“Because…” She blinked, turned to Holmes, then down to her drink. “Forget I said anything.”
“Fine.” John looked down at the GPS centered on table. “I don’t know. I can’t test it for anything and I don’t know what you want me to say.”
John blinks and inhales like he had forgotten to breathe. He looks at Sherlock, opens his mouth, closes it, takes a step back, then walks up to Sherlock and whispers:
Watson’s eyes blinked open, his irises adjusting to the light as he quickly moved to find a pen and write something down before he lost the thought. The note quickly dissolved into a full page.
“Yeah, like I asked him to!” John hissed. “Ah, fuck.” He grunted in pain. “He’s out cold now, so fix this!” John demanded as he saw the glass spreading along his arm and torso.
“Fine. Your background then.”
She immediately took out her bullhorn. “That’s a wrap for today, thank you everyone, we’ll resume tomorrow at eight am for the dress rehearsal of the finale.”
“My dear Sherlock, it would be a shame to lock this up.” Her tone was pleasant but dangerous, punctuated by the sound of her heels as she slowly walked towards the agent.
“Lestrade probably found it during his round and brought it upstairs,” Watson said, and they continued tracing their steps all the way back to the infirmary.
Sir, we can’t interrogate Lance Turner without Holmes, and we can’t process the kid for assault without Holmes pressing charges.
Sherlock preceded his answer with an impatient sigh. “Anything else?”
“No, no, I get it, you’re right,” Moriarty replied, almost apologetic. “It’s not my style. But little Ms Rosie here just loooves killing people.”
“She probably doesn’t sound like a cat getting murdered,” Holmes muttered.
What had he done? He had forgotten about the case. Had let himself, no, insisted on getting spanked by John. He was
Lestrade’s voice pulled Watson’s out of his thoughts. “It’s fine.” He cleared his throat. “I need the washroom.” And quickly left the table.
He took a deep breath and opened them. They focused on the envelope.
“Who cares what they think?”
Relieved, John took his hand off the wood and dropped it next to him. He wrapped his arms around himself and looked for something to smash the frozen sticky string.
“Why are you sharpening that knife?”
With radiant smiles, the leading couple bowed once more. Holmes eyes found Watson’s in the process, making him look away and find it odd that the studio was so warm.
Watson rolled his eyes at the dramatic effect but had to admit his timing was perfect. Everyone at the table gasped, well, everyone except those involved in the investigation.
The first thing Sherlock saw was the open window with its white tulle drapes blowing in the wind.
“Do you always threaten the people who save your life?”
“I am, very much so,” Watson reassured. “But the opinion that really matters is the one that ends up in the papers tomorrow.”
“Maybe.”
We do. Lance Turner.
The group dissipates. Jake sits down at his desk and watches Amy as she collects her things.
Thoughts of spanking Sherlock. Naked. Repeatedly.
SHERLOCK
“Too loud.”
“Holmes,” Watson replied, the name catching in his throat.
SHERLOCK
Amy closes a file and puts it aside loudly and sighs. Gina slows down as she walks past Amy's desk.
Anderson nodded and on Wiggins's count, they went through the side by side and managed to get through without a hitch.
Jake sighs and takes out his wallet. He pays their entries while Amy looks around the room. She sees Sherlock and John are standing by the rope display. Sherlock is talking animatedly. John is looking at him with a fond smile. The museum clerk hands Jake his receipt. As they walk, Amy leans closer to Jake.
With a heavy sigh, John stopped pacing and placed both hands on his hips. With his head down, he took a deep breath before looking at Sherlock.
Lestrade frowned. “Tell us then, what is she going to do?”
Sherlock smirked. Funny how he preferred being a little pain slut rather than other terms of endearment along the lines of fuzzy bunnies.
Holmes continued counting.
“Yes sir. A Spider’s Web, and No Charge.”
“I warned Lestrade as soon as I understood what I had found,” John continued. “He stayed above ground to wait for the police. I managed to find you by following the voices. I got there while Moriarty was doing his monologue. That bloody snake. A part of me wasn’t really surprised he’s some sort of criminal.”
Holt and Rosa help Amy, Jake, Boyle, and Lestrade climb onto the speedboat.
“Have a good rest now.” Morgan opened the door. “We have a big day tomorrow.”
John nodded his acknowledgement as he chewed.
“At this point,
John continued his way down, adding his hands into the mix. He caressed Sherlock’s stomach and hips until he finally wrapped a hand around his achingly hard cock.
“You know where to find that address in the office?”
What was it with this man and waking him up by screaming?
“Damn.” Lestrade looked impressed, then frowned. “How’d you go from that to writing movies?”
“But he’s not my-”
“But-” Stamford started to say when Ms Hooper cut him off.
“So, um, what do you need?” Molly wished that didn’t sound as sexual as it did.
BOYLE
“You play the violin?”
“Really?” Her eyes grew considerably, her surprise evident. “That’s odd. Don’t get many visitors at the Warehouse. Who was it?”
“We have to go. Now,” Hudson warned.
street Bridge.”
With a heavy heart, Watson had picked up a pen and started editing. He worked on it for weeks, and when it was done, he didn’t even consider sending it out. Watson had written it for himself, it wasn’t meant to be made.
“Nothing, nothing happened.” Watson reassured.
“The LSD seems to have affected my memory. And even though I was there when Lestrade gave our deposition to the LAPD, most of what I remember are the hallucinations.”
“Stop what?” John answered, surprising even himself at how honest he could make his face appear.
“The pleasure is all mine, agent Watson.” Her voice was playful as she shook John’s hand briefly. “I’m glad you’ve finally found someone, Sherlock.” She commented, but she kept her eyes on John’s, amusement shinning bright in her eyes.
“And what caused you to have… words?”
John was surprised to see the man walk out instead of disappearing. Sherlock simply mimicked his brother silently.  Watson's mind went through the details he had learned, seeing how this could be a trap. He didn’t notice the woman stand and walk around the office, slowly making her way towards him on the by the experiment table.
Sherlock sucked in a breath and shut her mouth, eyes wide. She was grateful John had said something before she did or she would already be up and leaving for Bart’s out of sheer humiliation. But she still couldn’t believe John had said yes. She watched her, searched her, deduced her, trying to understand how she could possibly be going along with all of this. That’s when Sherlock felt John’s knee nudging her. It was small, but it was still there. It didn’t provide much of an answer, but it was still John’s way of telling Sherlock it was okay.
shellfish and they quickly sorted out that John would apply the poison to the sample of human cells while Mason would take notes, observing the initial reaction to the toxin. Then both of them would take a look at the sample under the microscope and gather their results to discuss them with the others.
John’s eyes widened in surprise, but he recovered quickly, smiled, and slipped the thermometer into Sherlock’s mouth. While they both waited for the verdict, they kept looking at each other, and Sherlock repressed the urge to shiver as sudden heat pooled in the pit of his stomach, causing him to fidget onto his knees restlessly.
“No, he didn’t, “John said, his voice a tad sharper. “He’s done what you asked of him. Let him rest now, he needs it, desperately.”
“Sherlock, it’s me, John, “he choked out, his throat so tight he could barely breathe. He took Sherlock’s hand in his and stroked his cheek – the unhurt one – with his other hand. “I’m here now, Sherlock. Can you hear me?”
He slumped back against the pillow and ran a shaky hand through his hair. He wrinkled his nose in disgust when it came back clammy, realizing he had broken into a sweat in his sleep. Now fully awake, he got up from the couch and padded into the kitchen, where he grabbed a bottle of water from the fridge, and almost drained it in one go. Then he went into the bathroom and washed his face in the sink, after which he felt a bit better.
He smirked as he watched Sherlock trying to understand what was happening to him, his brow furrowed in utter confusion. “No, you really don’t, I can see that.” He reached out and brushed a sweaty curl out of Sherlock’s face. Then he stroked his cheek with his thumb almost tenderly. “Don’t worry, gorgeous. I’ll take care of you.”
“Mrs. Hudson, would you please stop doing that?” he said, highly irritated.
“Four, “was John’s deadpan reply.
It had been a good case.
But what was John’s take on all of this?
John snorted. “Ha, that’s sweet. He has a great way of showing it.”
He swallowed down the rage, the despair, the frustration and went completely still.
Sherlock did. John released him and took a little step back. “On a scale of 1-10, how much does the head hurt?”
A shaky exhale left Sherlock’s mouth,  and he nodded, swallowing once more as he looked at John. His anchor, his moral compass, his protector.
“John! Come on, it’s late already! Get up!”
“John! Are you deaf?”
To give in to the physical need of his body and succumb to its siren call, find relief here underneath the shower while thinking about John and his wonderful, beautiful face, the steadying warmth of his strong chest and broad shoulders, his capable hands keeping Sherlock secure and safe against him.
Needing to feel Sherlock against him, John wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s back and pressed him even tighter against himself, pushing their lips against each other more firmly too. Tiny little breaths escaped Sherlock’s parted plush lips which encouraged John to slowly brush his tongue against the seam of those perfect lips. Sherlock tensed underneath him and John withdrew at once, closing his own lips, and kissing him chastely on the right corner of his lower lip instead, purposely avoiding hitting the spot where the lip was split.
His eyes travelled rapidly from the big brown Chesterfield sofa to the shelves full of knick-knacks and the occasional book. There were exactly fifty tiny figurines of naked women collected on one particular high shelf – that seemed a little odd although of course, he was on the premises of an escort agency. Every statue was different, they varied in body type, skin colour, measurements. It took him precisely three seconds to make a decision – the room had given him all the information he needed. He took one figurine into his hand – a petite, Asian woman – and studied it.
“Maybe.” Sherlock sighed and John registered the slightly trembling hands as he raised his teacup to his mouth. “But I’m really tired, John. I still feel kind of funny, it’s as if I can sense the toxin in my veins and it’s not pleasant. I just want to drink a cup of tea and then go back to bed again. Maybe that ghastly stuff is out of my system when I wake up again. Do you know what it is yet?”
Greg’s smile disappeared. “I’m just glad you’re okay. You had us quite worried there yesterday, me and John.” A strange glimmer flashed in Sherlock’s eyes but disappeared immediately.
Mike rolled his eyes but laughed good-naturedly. “While we’re on that topic. Didn’t that girl of yours want to come too?”
“Yes, “he admitted sheepishly, not knowing if he had insulted her. But the expression on her face was sympathetic and gleeful, instead of angry.
Thick layers of chocolate-coloured curls framed the angular face, a couple of which dared to hang loose into the boy’s high brow. Alabaster skin and ridiculously high cheekbones combined with its other lean features made his face look somewhat special, and it was hard not to stare at his plush lips, slightly parted as he stuck his pencil in between them while he listened to the professor talking. His long pale throat was exposed from underneath the cut-out of a tight blue shirt clinging to his thin body, an elegant black blazer covering his slight, squared back shoulders.
At the hospital they whisked Sherlock away and told him to wait. So he found himself pacing the hospital corridor in the waiting area, wringing his hands in frustration, waiting for somebody to bloody tell him what was going on.
Robert de Monier’s elegant fingers danced impatiently on the surface of his huge expensive Mahogany desk as he waited for his call to connect. He crossed his leg over the other one, wrinkling his face in disgust when he noticed how the motion caused his brand-new Armani suit trousers to wrinkle. How tedious. He would have to tell Sandra to take them to the dry cleaner’s later during his lunch break. He had an important meeting scheduled later that day and he always met business partners immaculately dressed.
It calmed John, thinking that he may have found his answer to this intriguing puzzle. Because if he was right, he could understand Scott very well. It still seemed rather radical, deciding something like that - but it would make him very human, and after the harsh, cold treatment he had given John, it seemed nice to think of him that way. John wanted to know who exactly had been hurt and what role Scott had played in all this. But he couldn’t just ask, could he?
Suddenly unable to hold himself back, he reached out and stroked Sherlock’s bruised cheek. Just once. He needed that now. He needed physical contact to reassure himself of his friend’s presence. Sherlock would not allow that when he was awake, and John allowed himself one tiny gesture of selfishness. Although he always emphasized, he was not gay, he was not averse to touching Sherlock. They were best friends after all and touching each other haphazardly was normal. Brushing against each other’s shoulders in passing, clasping each other’s shoulders in triumph after a solved case, hitting each other in the face for other cases or running away from the police, handcuffed to each other …. It was part of their daily routine and John had never questioned or regretted it. In fact, he enjoyed it although it was a little strange to think about it. There was something about Sherlock that automatically drew John to him. Sometimes he felt like they were two magnets, unable to stay away from each other. There was no other human being John was so close to. Funny, that it was a man like Sherlock Holmes – socially awkward, arrogant, and probably emotionally damaged – that would become his best friend.
“I guess Doctor Watson is having trouble at the police station?”
When she talked about traveling, he was reminded of the way Scott had deduced that he didn’t travel often because of his lack of tan lines and he wondered if the Beta liked to travel. The bloke was pale as a ghost, so it didn’t seem likely but who knew? In contrast to him, the Beta had money, that was obvious. Maybe he just didn’t like to travel?
It had also been extremely fun, and John couldn’t remember when he last had such a great time.
John was gone. Instead, there was a faceless man lying on top of him, kissing him, groping him, biting him. Although some tiny part of his mind knew that this was not real, that he wasn’t in any real danger, he was still terrified within an inch of his life.
And indeed, she pushed the bed right next to Sherlock’s, so that the sides of their beds were almost touching.
He rummaged in his pockets and pulled out a few photos he thrust into Billy’s lap. John just saw a glimpse of mutilated human faces, blood, and torn flesh before he quickly averted his eyes.
But something held him back.
, he thought to himself.
All his life people had disappointed him. Never had he felt understood by anyone, except for Redbeard and then Victor which of course had been a mistake. His parents loved him well enough, but they didn’t get him. They didn’t understand how his mind functioned and, in the end, he was just an enigma to them, so they left him with the nannies to tend to him. Mycroft of course had probably understood him to some extent because their minds were alike, but apart from those very rare occasions, he had left him alone and they had never bonded over their similar personalities. He was seven years older, maybe that was the reason why they never had. It didn’t matter anyhow. Mycroft’s words on the day Redbeard had died had given him comfort and he had adjusted his way of thinking from that day on. He was thankful for Mycroft’s lesson although he would never tell him that, obviously.
He seemed quite proud of his military achievements and his position and John smiled at that. He reminded him of himself, a good ten years younger. Then he frowned. The bloke even looked a little like him with the blond hair and the sturdy frame.
Mycroft seemed a little uncomfortable, as he cleared his voice and finally said “Can I, uhm, can I see him? For just one moment?”
It had made him incredibly angry. Seeing her like this. It was such a waste of good talent and also, now they had to search for someone else filling her position, which would be very difficult. She had been very good at what she was doing. And ruthless, it couldn’t be appreciated enough nowadays.
“No, not at all.” Frederic looked chagrined as he shook his head. “He yelled at Mr. Holmes then, too, and he was working himself up so hard that I was scared he was giving himself a heart attack. Or a panic attack. But all of a sudden, all the fight left him, and he went quiet. Honestly, it was quite creepy. As if a switch had been turned off inside him. He hasn’t yelled at me afterward at all. In fact, he has been awfully quiet since then.”
John took care to step in silently, his eyes locked on Sherlock’s face. He didn’t react to the slight sounds his shoes made on the floor.
Finally, the heaving stopped, and Sherlock was moaning quietly, apparently desperate to close his eyes.
“No chance, mate,” Mike said as he shook his head, grinning at his friend’s remarkable blunder. “She’s long gone.”
“Sherlock? Sherlock, please calm down, love.”
“Okay, “he breathed, his mind whirling with the surrealism of the situation, “alright, Sherlock, let me get up and get you some blankets ….”
But this...this felt different. Before, the needs of his body used to manifest themselves in unprompted erections after catching a few hours of dreamless sleep. It didn’t mean anything, it was just something that his body did, not something he wanted. This time the needs of his transport were directly connected to someone. Waking up to John pressed up against him had awakened something deep within him and he found himself aching with need. His eyes opened wide, as he stood there underneath the shower spray, his brain begging him to just do it.
He would give everything to know. Looking at himself now, he couldn’t imagine anyone ever wanting him. Right now, he looked like the ghost of a person he used to be: tired, worn out, weak. Apart from that, his face was just too angular, his cheekbones too high, his eyes too far apart and there was his heterochromia. From a scientific point of view, it was truly fascinating, but from an aesthetic one...no. This had to be annoying people. Also, his lips...they were plush, and then there was the cupid-bow shape that had always irritated him. They were the lips of a woman, which was why he always had to endure lingering looks or lewd remarks about them, from other students when he was younger to clients and criminals he encountered nowadays.
He bit into his thumb’s cuticle as he swore to make it up to Sherlock. He would not belittle him anymore. He was a grown man and he was a strong, independent person. If he needed John to give him space that’s what John would do. Even if it meant he would go crazy worrying about Sherlock all over again.
Sherlock moved as if in a daze. He let himself be sat down by John and stared at the empty cup he set in front of him as if it were a complete mystery to him. John was quite worried and tried to distract himself by making the tea.
*Warnings for sexual abuse
He snatched the cup of tea out of Mrs. Hudson’s slightly shaky hand (she always got a little nervous when he was in a state like this, he was just so fidgety) and swallowed its contents greedily (probably had a dry throat from all the babbling) – promptly burning himself in the process. “Ouch!”
After a few seconds though he composed himself, cleared his voice, and said: “Well, Sherlock, I’m glad to hear that. I’m happy to be your friend and I’m glad you are mine.” Sherlock glanced up at him and smiled with relief when he saw the earnest but friendly face of his friend. “Even though it can get very tedious at times…” John couldn’t resist saying and after a second of looking at each other they both started chuckling in unison.
His exasperated cry was met with a deadpan face from Mike. “Mate. We didn’t know where you were. Besides, we didn’t want to interrupt your talk with Molly. It must have been interesting if you stayed away that long.”
Sherlock started at the huge brightly lit foyer he always started when he had no specific destination to go to. Sometimes, when he needed to distract himself or simply needed to pass the time, he would choose one path randomly and see where it would take him. He had discovered many hidden memories that way, information that his brain had deemed worthy enough to save but most of those files had been stored away so long ago that he liked to look at them from time to time. It was a good method to give his brain the opportunity to remember things more quickly, which could prove very effective when he needed specific memories to make progress in a case.
“I see, “Mycroft said after a while. “I’m sorry you think about me that way. You are wrong, by the way, but I’m sure you won’t believe me when I tell you that you do matter to me, little brother. A lot. So I won’t waste our time saying it out loud.”
“You’re going to be the talk around town, “John said with a chuckle but Scott frowned. “What? You don’t like being the center of attention?”
Unfortunately, there weren’t many Omegas around. Apart from the fact that Omegas were the least common gender in the world, making up only fifteen percent of the world’s population, here on campus, the chance of getting to see one was even smaller.
He was scared out of his wits.
“What?”, John asked incredulously, “you can make my attempted murder charge go away, but you can’t just make them convict him?”
“You alright now?” he asked him with a taxing glance, and John nodded breathlessly as he tried to regain his composure.
“Sherlock!”
Useless. Waste of time.
Scott smiled weakly. “Obviously. Now I believe you promised to let me leave me in peace now.”
“No, Sherlock, I mean it.” John’s look was stern, and he didn’t even yield when Sherlock gave all he got by and tried his puppy face. It dissolved quickly when he realized John’s mind wouldn’t change.
He snorted. Of course, Mycroft would put them under surveillance, this was his way of taking control of the situation. Only, what good would it do Sherlock now?
“Uhm, y-yes, “he stuttered, taking aback by the unexpected empathy from the older Holmes brother, no matter how irritatingly it was delivered, “kind of, yes ….”
“I mean that you especially should get help after what happened to you.”
“Alright, “Sherlock said quietly. “For you then.”
“I’m afraid time’s over, Dr. Watson. Please hang tight and enjoy your dinner. Get some sleep. Do not worry about Sherlock, he’s being taken care of. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“I hope you’re okay with what I did. I know it must seem very extreme to you...but I couldn’t think of anything else to do short of just calling an ambulance. I was really worried about you, you know.”
Well, they were unaware of his involvement. They wouldn’t even know what was happening to them until it would be too late.
“Oh.”
Ben looked at him in confusion. “That tall, blonde guy with the beard. He said he would take care of your friend – John, I think he called him – and helped him get outside. Practically half-carried him out the door.”
He screamed.
Besides, getting into a different course would be very difficult.
The first file he drew out were odd things he had witnessed John say in reference to the nature of their relationship:
He fell into a deep slumber at last.
“You’re an idiot, Sherlock!”
Shocked silence spread through the room and Magnussen’s cold stare even caused one or two pupils to gasp in horror.
He didn’t know what it felt like to be in love with another person. Maybe he was mistaking friendship with love? Maybe he was mistaking physical attraction with love? He wasn’t blind or dumb, he noticed and cataloged every single reaction his body had in response to John’s presence, his words, his touch. It was obvious that he was very, very attracted to John, at least physically.
Greg turned half-way, apologetically. “No, sorry.”
It only added to his own, inner restlessness, which wasn’t helping at all.
“How are you feeling?”
She left and Sherlock stared at John in exasperation. “Hours? Are they serious?”
It had probably to do with the fact that John hated when other people inclined that he could be gay and he and Sherlock anything else than just friends.
Intrigued, John lay down on his cot, once again staring at the ceiling with his head resting on his arms behind him. But this time his mind was not weighed down with depression over being caught in a hopeless situation where a certain someone didn’t care if he was trapped in said situation. This time, his mind was racing through the events of the past few days, as well as those of the past few years, of his whole time with Sherlock.
“No, “Greg answered apologetically, “I’m not allowed, mate. I was there with you when you shot that woman, I’ve already given them my statement. I’m a witness and it’s protocol that the interrogation is made by officers who weren’t at the scene. Sorry.”
Sherlock studied him curiously with narrowed eyes. “Yes, it appears so. You looked about to start drooling, maybe you can eat my food then if you’re hungry.”
“Of course I do,” John answered quickly, “it was extraordinary, it was quite….extraordinary.”
Then he became aware of the arm around his waist and he froze.
Sherlock rolled his eyes “That was a simple psychosomatic reaction to stress, John, it wasn’t anything serious. It won’t happen again.”
No, this time, it was only the remains of the fever that had ravished his battered body and the worst of that was gone, he realized at once. He wasn’t freezing anymore, his body numb with depressing cold, neither was he a hot, sweating mess anymore.
He shifted nearer and saw Sherlock take in a sharp breath in reaction.
The man pointed forward. “Yeah, they made a turn right there. There’s a small path leading to St. Edward’s park. I think they went there. Yeah, about ten minutes ago or maybe a little more.”
“Why did you tell him of a new case?” John asked through gritted teeth and with a hushed voice.
Magnussen hummed and nodded, elaborating here and there, talking with obvious excitement on his face and in his voice. He seemed to be deeply invested in the topic and his face lit up every time a student named another difference.
“These are not facts. Mr. Williams. There have been only theories about those toxicants you mentioned, nothing more.”
Greg’s eyes were sympathetic. “I understand, John. He’s an arse, he shouldn’t have said it, that wasn’t even remotely professional.”
This was no way to go about this. He could drive himself crazy, asking himself all these questions, obsess over his appearance, over John’s preferences, and his own insecurities. But it didn’t give him any concrete answers.
“Hey, “Mike said as he approached him. “I saw you talking to that kid Scott Williams from our class, but then I saw you were arguing and waited here for you. What happened?”
Sherlock smiled too but more to himself than the other man. “Oh, it’s nothing.”
With disgust, he looked at the scene playing out in front of him as if it were happening right at this moment. There he was, five years old, at Christmas Dinner with his family, grandparents, uncles, and aunts included. He had always hated it, when the whole family got together, luckily that hadn’t happened often, only about twice a year, for Christmas and Easter celebrations. He was forced to wear a suit and tie every time ever since he could remember those dreadful dinners. His aunt Nelly would pinch his cheek and tell him that he was too thin. His grandfather Jonathan would force him to sit on his knee and listen to one of his war stories, the same one every time.
Sherlock looked at him in disbelief. “I just told you. I won’t be able to change. Not completely anyway. But that’s what you need me to do, isn’t it? You won’t be able to …. endure my ways.”
“I don’t know if that’s true, “he said slowly, “but even if it was, you know better than to lash out at the friendly people taking care of you here, don’t you?” He looked at Sherlock trying to put on a disapproving face in spite of the corners of his mouth twitching upwards. He couldn’t help it, he was enjoying the moment too much. Although they were at a hospital because Sherlock had gotten hurt yet again, the detective was being his usual unnerving self, and it caused John’s stomach to flutter with happiness. He needed that now, a little normality. Something to remind him that someday, they would hopefully both be back at their old lives, with Sherlock bitching about everyone and everything around him and John apologizing for him and chiding him time and again when he went too far.
He was dismayed at Scott’s strong reaction, confused by what he realized was the smell of fear coming off of the other lad in waves. If he could smell it so strongly from a Beta, the poor kid really had to be terrified. Sending out calming pheromones with his own body, he raised his hands’ palms up while holding Scott’s gaze, hoping he could calm him down with the dual gesture.
Sherlock’s body jerked violently as soon as it got in contact with the water.
He pulled his arm out of Sherlock’s grasp, softly but determined. He then took a deep breath, looking away from Sherlock and his demanding aura.
“Alright.” Magnussen acknowledged the right answer graciously. Then he turned around, touching his finger to his chin as he tipped his head back, apparently considering another question.
“Even as a child you managed to exasperate everyone around you.”
Charles nodded, trying to suppress his proud grin in front of his older brother, but failed. “Yeah. I did. Told you I was going to do it someday.”
Greg stood up too. “Please, calm down, John.”
Fifteen minutes earlier, at the police station, John was staring at the phone speechlessly. He looked at Greg, who was standing next to him, looking at him in confusion, then he looked back at the earpiece as if hoping Sherlock’s voice would miraculously pipe up again.
“No, ”he said firmly, “thank you for telling me all of this. I really had no idea it was so bad.”
“An ambulance is on its way, “he said hoarsely. “How is he?”
“He’s fine, Mycroft, “he hurried to say, “he has a concussion and he’s in the hospital now but there’s been no damage to the brain.”
“You thought that it was a good idea to stick around and make sure I was eating and drinking although you know I don’t care much for soup and you weren’t asked to do so. I’m quite tired, Mrs. Hudson, and not in the mood for small talk so it may be better if you went back to your own apartment. I’m sure there’s nothing interesting to see here.”
Shaking his head at himself, cursing himself for his insensitivity, at the same time thinking that he
“Hm, I see.” Mycroft didn’t seem to be I the mood for a real talk, apparently. “The results, Dr. Watson, would you like to hear them?”
He left the corridor where all his childhood memories were stored and took another flight of stairs to one of the largest corridors of his mind palace: the one where everything that had to do with John was stored. It was the biggest because unlike the other rooms he regularly returned to in order to delete unnecessary information this corridor only got larger, never smaller. For some reason, his mind refused to delete any information regarding John, a fact which he often despaired about but couldn’t change all the same. Apparently, John was so interesting and important to him, that he wouldn’t delete even the tiniest information about him and be it the way the man liked his coffee.
Sherlock took another deep breath and opened the bathroom door. John was right there, as expected, leaning against the opposite wall. He looked up when Sherlock came out, trying to appear casual and failing miserably. It was obvious that he had spent the entire time that Sherlock had been in the bathroom, fretting and fussing on his own.
(See the end of the chapter for
At Greg’s call John looked across to the parallel street and saw Greg jerking his head forward. John followed his gaze and saw two blokes standing at the corner of the street, sharing a peaceful smoke, chattering.
He continued his way across the floor, still crouching down and glued to the wall, careful not to make any sounds. He tried the handle of the next door at the end of the floor. It was locked but after a few seconds he had picked the lock, opened the door and turned on the lights. He seemed to be in luck. It was a huge office with thick wooden furniture and expensive-looking carpets. A small bar in the corner containing bottles of whisky, vodka, and other alcoholic beverages indicated that the person this office belonged to liked to indulge in culinary pleasures. One of the upper managers probably, or maybe even more.
Towering above him, looking down at him with narrowed, calculating eyes was Professor Magnussen.
We stood, wi heads bowed in prayer
And even though John knew he had only wanted the best for Sherlock, he knew he had not always handled matters in the best manner. He had hurt Sherlock by belittling him, calling him vulnerable for being inexperienced in sexual matters. He had pitied him.
“Oh, sure, go ahead.” Sherlock held out his nearly empty pack of cigarettes and the man took the last cigarette with a slight raise of his eyebrow and a sheepish grin. “Thanks, mate, I owe you.”
Until now, it had been something terribly tedious. The needs of his body that luckily only made themselves known very rarely, and even more rarely strong enough to force him to succumb to them, rendering him a pathetic, helpless slave to his stubborn transport. He hated it, being this weak and he always felt bad afterward, feeling he had done something utterly beneath him, something that had absolutely nothing to do with science or cleverness or wit. Instead, it was a shameful act, based on pure physical needs, symbolizing the deficiency of human nature. It was extremely embarrassing that even he, the brilliant consulting detective couldn’t ignore those occasional vile demands of his body despite his fervent attempts every time they announced themselves.
“What happened? Did… did I pass out?” Sherlock still seemed fairly disoriented., much too his obvious dismay.
“Care to share?” A deep vibrant voice near him suddenly asked.
Apart from the aggressiveness towards Sherlock’s attackers, John had also shown aggressiveness towards him, though.
John remained silent and looked at Sherlock who, gradually growing more aware of his surroundings, sat himself up straight and grabbed John’s arm in confusion. “Something happened last night, right? I-I can’t remember. I … feel funny. Head hurts. What’s going on?”
He saw Greg look at him then, pointing at his watch.
Greg looked at him surprised. “Alright, yes, of course, no problem.” He sat down on the sofa and got out his notebook. John also sat down, ready to intervene if anything unpleasant happened. But this was not very probably as this was Greg and not Mycroft, this would be much easier, at least he hoped so.
He needed to leave. Now.
Sherlock!
“Fuck.”
“The setup, it’s his theory. He’s in town, he gave me a call, and well, here we are now.”
“Really, John? You’re taking away my toys to make me listen?”
I am also completely spoiled to have this story beta'd by
“Bit of early morning rehearsal?” She asked with a smile, topping off her own coffee.
” Sherlock answered irritably as he took out a pentagon with an old metallic finish about the size of a grapefruit.
He had forgotten the sensation it created in his chest, as if there were a balloon slowly being filled with helium. Adding in the way he had humiliated Mycroft, Sherlock didn’t try to stop the smile spreading across his face.
“Undetermined.”
“You get two artifacts in one go. It’s not bad for a first time, even though you got stabbed.” Sherlock stated, turning his attention back to the road.
why it had taken so long.
Sherlock smirked before turning around and running back up the spiral staircase, his coat flapping away behind him. John followed him down the row of stacked containers before taking a right. The area became colder as they made their way down a row filled with boat related items. Before he had a chance to look around, Sherlock had grabbed the driftwood from the shelf and was about to call to John when he noticed a red ball in the corner of his eye, bouncing across the end of the row.
“Of course we have an OR. Can you imagine explaining to the hospital staff that I need surgery after you undo your wish? We’d get thrown in the psych ward.”
Boyle leaves the room. Lestrade takes a last desperate look at Sherlock and John.
Sherlock didn’t need to look at John to know he was smiling at his choice of words. He could hear it in his voice.
Watson shrugged, but his eyes found Holmes’s immediately. “Brilliant.”
Morgan shook himself like a dog. “Ugh, forget it, doesn’t matter. At least we’ve got something to work with now.” He walked back to the table and opened his script. “Might as well do a read-through. If we have time left, we’ll work on stage directions.”
“Because Holmes will be caught up in legal procedures that will push back the shooting schedule and we just can’t afford any other delays. The LAPD have promised to be done cleaning out the drug lab in the tunnels by Monday. If they need longer they promise to work without disrupting filming. This is why you had to sign the non-disclosure agreements. If word gets out before the movie premiere and promo tour is over I go bankrupt and everyone loses their jobs...”
“What? No. Who are you?” the violin teacher asked, insulted
BOYLE
John frowned at his partner’s offhand tone, as if they were watching a sunset. “What am I looking at?”
The lock on the door clicked loudly in the room, pulling Watson out of his head. A guard came in, uncuffed him and lead him to Talley. Watson had barely put a foot in the office when the CO was on his feet.
Barnabas answered with a nervous chuckle. “This club is, uh, merely a hobby. I am, by vocation, shall we say, a procurer of rare and valuable artifacts.”
Show off.
“What just happened?” John asked, speechless.
SHERLOCK
“Now?”
“Yes, which changed everything.”
Stamford waved his hand. “Not at all. What is this about?”
“Sorry, fresh out.” She replied with a nervous breathless laugh.
Oh, you think I pissed him off?
SCULLY
John tried to not freak out about the fact that he had just empathised with an artifact.
Hey, what a coincidence running into you two.
Case. They have a case, John repeated to himself as he dressed himself. Maybe he was curious to know what exactly she was implying. But he stopped himself; focusing on the fact that she’s manipulative and sending them into a trap. It’s a mind game.
Watson thought about the proposition. As personal as that script was, he found the idea… arousing. Watson had noted how he had found something pleasing about Holmes’s deep voice, but here, alone in Watson’s flat, the idea was… definitely arousing. It didn’t take long for Watson to imagine what Holmes’s moans sounded like, and before long Watson was imagining giving Holmes a blowjob while he read Let Me Live. The fantasy sent shivers down Watson’s spine. He had to stop himself from cursing out loud.
Thank you to my dear friend G.A. for being the rehearsal Jane so we could work out the choreography, film it and send it to @nautilicious to learn. And acting tips! (not sure how that worked out though)
FYI, I am fully aware that the layout of King’s Cross is not as described in this chapter ;P
If it hadn’t been for the coffee mug that slipped from her grasp and onto the floor, they would have kept going. Instead John’s eye snapped open and she pushed Sherlock’s hand away and hid behind her tall frame while she readjusted her clothes.
As soon as Morgan called cut, the crew applauded. Holmes bowed and scanned the room, and looked disappointed when he couldn’t find Watson.
Can I come?
“A death sentence if I can manage it.”
Watson could feel his insides twist. “It hadn’t even crossed Edward’s mind he could. He didn’t even think Jane would be interested in him, let alone want to stay.”
John stops halfway to Sherlock and goes very still.
“I don’t-”
“What do you want?” John spat to Manning, who approached the kneeling man, tightening his grip again. Slowly, Sherlock’s hand moved from John’s shoulder to his neck, his long fingers wrapped around his throat and pressed hard enough to cut off most of his air. Mortified by what his body was doing, the agent could only look at his partner suffocate by his own hand.
“I-I do, sir.”
John frowned, confused.
“Well, you said I couldn’t. But if I can have one after the exam that would be brilliant.”
“I said stop here.” He snapped at Lestrade. “I need to think, and your incessant yapping is distracting me.”
How long had his mouth been moving?
“Yes.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“Humour me.”
complicated.” Sherlock concluded, his eyes returning to his Farnsworth.
Holmes turned to Stamford. “I thought we were also going to the press conference?” Waving between himself and Ms Adler.
“I was picturing it a bit more…” Watson fought the urge to look at Holmes. “Intimate.”
“Most likely the same place as our client.”
The crew, confused, turned to an unimpressed Watson.
“Right, let’s keep going, we’re still on the clock.” Ms Hawkins called back to order, “On to the date night, please.”
Lestrade laughed. “Really.”
There was a lump in Sherlock’s throat. This was probably the stupidest thing she had ever done, or was about to do, and it had the potential to ruin things between the two of them, yet she could not turn away, could never turn away, not anymore, not after seeing John like this. Unless John told her to stop, which, at this moment, did not seem to be the case.
Sherlock had daggers in his eyes from John’s obvious lie. “Are you sure this is the place?”
“Action.”
“Fuck.”
Holmes eyes flickered to Watson before focusing on Stamford. “Tell me more about Anderson. If you had so many problems with him, why did you hire him?”
“Yes, sir?”
“Excuse me?”
“Oh thank god.”
This was more efficient.
“Right. Of course.”
“Caretaker thing?” John asked Sherlock when Mycroft intervened.
BOYLE
“I’m close,” John whispered against his lips.
“And how did that turn out?”
.” Ms Riley said with a forced southern accent.
Oh stop, we’ll be in and out.
“What music?” Sherlock asked with a worried look on his face.
Thanks again to warehouse13.wikia.com for the entire Warehouse trivia/artifact list.
“Done.”
“I try to leave some space for actors to interpret,” Watson offered.
Holmes shook his head. Moriarty was wrong; he wasn’t thinking about working with him, no. But having a proper opponent, that, that was tempting.
Why do you assume we’re a couple?
“She’s right,” Watson said.
“Cut!”
“And you?”
Sherlock sneers at John.
“Come on.” Sherlock said as he grabbed John’s arm, leading him to the side of the building. He took something out of his coat, and John understood what it was when he saw him picking the lock.
“I don’t have it.” The woman admitted as she crossed her arms.
“Well, technically the premiere will imply sitting in the dark.”
“And you don’t seem to mind having me as a partner.”
For more information on
“Oh no.” Sherlock uttered in a grave tone.
“Good. Very good.”
Gina, stop slapping Boyle. Everyone get back to work.
Sherlock stood agape in the corridor, staring at the closed door.
“John.”
Even though it was terribly romantic, and something he never would have been remotely interested in before, Holmes found himself blinking away tears when Jane and Edward embraced.
They finally got a moment of respite, allowing them to finish eating and relax before the next wave.
“Wouldn’t leave the flat for anything less than an eight.”
“I leave you alone two minutes and already you’ve replaced me,” Holmes said with a winning smile as he walked up to their booth.
“How are they procuring the artifacts anyway?” John asked as they walked away from the counter, coffee in hand.
They stepped out of the cab and walked across King’s street towards the main entrance of the Market. Barely a word had been spoken since they had left the flat. John wasn’t sure if it was a good or a bad sign, but his head was grateful for it.
fine, you’re being held together by a wish!”
Tools in hand, John faced Sherlock. “You shouldn’t feel a thing.”
“Whammied.” Sherlock corrected.
“What are you going on about now?”
Stern deck. He’s on the last rope.
“Is mad acceptable?”
Stamford nodded. “Yes, yes!”
“An artifact, obviously.”
The museum is evacuated, but we’re stranded on the barge. You two are on your own.
John eyed his partner.
Four men came running at them, two from the entrance of the main room that were aiming for John, the other two barged out of the kitchen and headed towards Sherlock.
“I can’t help you if I don’t know what we’re dealing with.” John struggled to say calmly.
John’s hands pawed at her arms and shoulders, blindly kneading and pulling Sherlock closer. Sherlock smiled as she unwound her arm from John’s thigh and crawled over her, pressing her body against John’s.
As they stepped out of the cab in front of the pawn shop, John looked around, not even realising he was scanning for possible threats. Sherlock noticed but didn’t say anything; instead he looked at the objects through the window, wondering if there were any more artifacts in there they didn’t know about.
Ms Adler smiled, but it did not reach her eyes. “Thank you Stamford, that is very gracious of you, but there is no need. I knew what I was getting into by working with Morgan.”
“Why does it smell like chicken?”
This chapter was not planned. It sort of happened because of Nanowrimo, and May-shepard's suggestion (I say suggestion, it was mostly squeeing) to put in more filming scenes.
“Oh, thank God.”
Sorry not sorry
Watson blushed at Holmes open flirting. They knew this was a safe space for them to act freely as a couple, but Watson still had some getting used to.
“Me either!” And they started laughing before throwing themselves into each other’s arms.
“The accent.”
I know what a concussion feels like. This isn’t it. Now if you’ll excuse me, I have a suspect to interrogate.
Very.
“What?”
“John?” Sherlock spoke quietly, silently asking him who that man was, but John ignored him.
Ms Riley gasped. “I beg your pardon?”
but with the tone going down.
“You’re an idiot, you know that?”
Some not.
Without warning, the senior agent stood, straightening his coat. Flipping up his collar, he turned towards the door. “Come along, Watson.”
“Stop it Sherlock. You have to wake up. You can’t die now, not now, not when- it’s not over yet, you aren’t done, we’re not done, we just started to-”
Boyle, this is Detective Greg Lestrade from Scotland Yard.
“Because you care.”
“We were sent to find evidence of a counterfeit aircrafts parts organisation. It had links with the black market, they were well along, selling parts all over the world, and you couldn’t tell the difference. We discovered the planes they were dismounting, the storage warehouse with all the parts, the equipment they were using to replace the serial numbers. We had taken pictures of everything. All was going along fine; we only had one more hanger to search. Gote took care of the door. Manning went in first, then Andrews, Gote, and I was about to follow them when I saw a guard outside, so I held back to take care of him. I approached him, hiding between two buildings. I knocked him out, dragged his unconscious body to where I was hiding. That’s when I heard the shots. I ran to the hanger, looked through the door and saw their bodies on the floor. The alarms went off. All I could do was run out of there. Andrews had most of the evidence on him, but with what I had, it was enough to take down the company and the underground rig in that city. Everything was ceased but they never found their bodies.”
Watson tilted his head to the side as he thought about it and nodded. “Yeah. Yeah, all right, call the police. But they have to be careful, we can’t afford to mess up the investigation.”
Watson, who had been watching Small all morning, came closer to the set, making his way over to Lestrade to watch what was unfolding.
They turned to one another and looked away immediately. Watson stepped back and limped over to the pharmacy to get what he needed to clean and stitch up the wound.
Holmes looked at her hesitantly. The conversation had not taken the turn he had expected. “In exchange for what?”
Really? But this thing doesn’t even have a motor. How is he going to steal it?
Watson was glad Wilder was the first to speak up. “Let’s hear it.”
Stamford looked surprised by the question. “The morning I dropped you off, after we spent the night at the police department. Don’t you remember?”
“She needs money; which character have we met that keeps throwing money around? How is this not obvious to you when it’s most likely how all of Bishops stories go?”
The reply came quickly. “Because he was cheap, and I got what I paid for.” Stamford rubbed his neck and looked at Watson, who was smirking. “Don’t tell Wiggins I said that.”
“That’s not true. Stamford cares so much he’s constantly about to have a heart attack.”
Mr Holmes, please continue.
Lestrade continued telling the story, not noticing Watson’s agape state. “We caught the guy two days later thanks to him. He helped save hundreds of lives. Listen, I know he isn’t… But in all honesty, I have never regretted working a case with him. I do, however, constantly resist the urge to punch him.”
“Great, that’s great, that’s exactly what you’re supposed to do, embellish. Embellish all you want, fill in the blanks. Understand what motivates him, why he says his lines, what pushes him forward in the story.”
“Actually, the story just got interesting.” Sherlock said as he got out of the car.
“Who does that?” Holmes looked around the room. “Who changes everything about themselves and their life for love?”
“Was he always this psychotic, Manning?” Sherlock asked him, irritated at being the only one in the room who wasn’t aware of what had happened to said previous team.
“There’s dancing?” Holmes repeated softly.
“Don’t worry.” Irene reassured. “I’m sure we can find something to entertain ourselves while we’re waiting.” She finished, standing far enough away for him to admire her but not close enough to touch, an inviting look in her eye. John really had no idea if sleeping with this woman was a good idea, but he was fairly certain it would be greatly irritating to his partner, so he was genuinely entertaining the idea. He would get a nice, possibly great night with a beautiful woman and piss off his arsehole of a partner. Before John got a chance to act, said arsehole cock blocked him, spinning in his chair to interrogate Irene.
Stamford clapped his hands and almost jumped out of his chair when Ms Hawkins continued.
LESTRADE
But what did this have to do with his mission in Qatar?
“Lights go, sound go, camera go. Ready.”
“Not yet. The perpetrator must have a way of knowing when Mr. Cridley picks it up, so if we go now it’d be like sounding the alarm.” Sherlock explained as they stood in line at the coffee shop.
“I’m not surprised really, your dancing is…” Watson tried to pick an adjective in his head, but most of them gave away how much he loved watching Holmes dance, watching Holmes in general. “It’s great, really… great.”
“Did you suddenly go deaf again?”
“So what am I supposed to do?” John insisted. Sherlock’s eyes lifted suddenly, staring at John in a way that made him a bit uncomfortable but he didn’t let it show.
Molly felt her pulse quicken, a blush creeping up and out of her collar, spreading across her neck and face. It tingled along her back as Sherlock pushed John’s shirt up and over her head before dipping down to capture her lips once more. Molly squeezed her legs together as they opened their mouths, their tongues meeting in the middle. Watched John tilt her head back as Sherlock kissed her way down her neck, nipping the skin every now and then, making John smile between labored breaths. The smile vanished, her mouth twisting into an O as Sherlock bit down onto her shoulder, her cheeks hollowed as she sucked her skin. John’s grip on Sherlock’s shirt tightened, the fabric straining as she twisted in pleasure. Sherlock held her with one arm around John’s waist, and the other cupped her right breast, still caught in her brassiere. Molly watched as Sherlock used the same focus she used in her work directed on John instead. For a moment, Molly imagined what that would feel like and shivered. Sherlock was paying attention to every detail, every one of John’s reactions to her lips and tongue, hands and fingers…
They walked in opposite directions, leaving Watson to look over his shoulder at the retreating silhouette of Holmes’s trench coat.
Sherlock’s mouth closed with a plop. He looked up at John, wide-eyed. Even with the warm glow of the lamp on John’s face, his blue eyes looked icy. A rather large lump lodged itself in Sherlock’s throat.
Yeah, John mused, he just needs a little more time to get used to.
They all waited the long seconds while Watson and Morgan sat down, the squeaking of leather and passive-aggressive coughing contributing to the general discomfort.
“Cut.” Watson swallowed the ‘amazing’ that wanted to slip out.
“Three.”
“Off the record, my arse.”
Big big big thanks to mah wonderful Beta's for helping me whip this story into shape.
“Yeah. I looked you up, before texting you. You know, in case you were some sort of murdering psychopath.”
Sherlock took a deep breath and impatiently counted down the seconds to his first spank.
Be careful.
He smiled at her warmly. “Thank you, Ms Hawkins.” Holmes had found how to make a proper American accent for Edward that was different from his Actor Persona, and how to switch from one to the other without losing both.
Chester just walked past us.
When he had woken up in his bed at the hotel, Sherlock had barely remembered getting dropped off by Stamford, and almost forgot what they had discussed. Same for his kidnapping: most of what Sherlock remembered was John emitting light, Moriarty in the half light and Ms Rosie falling back into darkness.
“Generally speaking, yeah.”
Molly felt her face flush. Another text came in before she could think of a reply.
“Again?”
“Yup.”
John and Sherlock climb onto the towboat and quickly hide behind a crate. Sherlock signals John to stay there then moves closer to the cabin. While Sherlock looks left, Chester jumps out from the right and body slams Sherlock against the wall. Sherlock grunts and breaks free of Chester’s hold.
“Do you want to go straight to the spanking or do you want to work up to it?”
“Like the kettle?”
“Lately you’ve hurt more people than you’ve healed.”
Watson looked down at his plate. “He shot himself six months after he got shipped home.”
“And why do you need a blood sample anyway?” He asked as he turned back towards Mycroft, only he wasn’t there anymore. Watson looked around the room, but it was only him and Sherlock Holmes. “What the-” He didn’t even say yes to the trial period. Mycroft had just left without a sound.
John sneered at the screen before shoving the Farnsworth back to his partner.
Barnabas looked from John’s deadly stare to Sherlock who seemed oddly pleased given the circumstances. Defeated, the fat man straightened himself in his seat, smoothed out his suit and hair and attempted to smile. “I believe there's been a terrible misunderstanding.” He said in a tight voice as he signaled the hostess to come closer. “Come, let us sit, would you like anything to drink? Eat? Peggy here will take care of you, won’t you Peggy dear?”
John looked up. With the desire that burned in his gaze, Sherlock was grateful he was leaning against something.
“No point being here if we don’t have a plan.” Sherlock argued, brushing aside John’s arm.
“So are you going to explain to me what you’re doing?” John asked once he was seated.
“I ain’t a rat!”
“…Maybe.” The word was barely audible, a lost thought as Sherlock examined whatever was on the slide.
Holmes frowned. “What?”
Holmes nodded, hoping he looked like he knew what Hitchcock was, and took a mental note to ask Lestrade.
She hummed as she shook her head. “No, not my kind of thrill.” She eyed Holmes. “Why, did you want some?” She craned her neck to search the room. “I’m sure I can-”
Watson looked at Small expectantly.
Even though John’s voice had been steady, Sherlock neither missed his pupils dilate, nor the slight hitch in his breathing. He frowned, surprised by his body’s reaction to John’s obvious attraction. Sherlock was even more disconcerted when he felt himself swaying forward when John nervously licked his lips, struggling with the urge to pursue his tongue with his own.
“Why would you use a color pallet, or lack thereof, to describe an argument? That’s absurd.”
“No!” John was surprised by the strength of his outburst. He stared at his partner with pleading eyes and spoke softly but there was still an edge in his voice. “We’re surrounded by magical fucking artifacts, I can’t believe there isn’t something here I can use to save you.” He argued, looking around. “I’ll be right back, ok Sherl-?”
Thank you all for reading, I hope you enjoy.
Holmes huffed a laugh, making Watson smile. He continued playing the melody as he explained. “Jane cuts Edward off with a blunt
Holmes grabbed his trench coat and followed Lestrade.
“Top Hat?”
“Well, I always did love a good puzzle. Come along John, the game is on.”
? But that didn’t explain how he felt so... out of control?
Lestrade nodded. “I understand that, sir.”
“51.50584 latitude, -0.13078 longitude, -6.46298 altitude.” Sherlock spoke carefully. They watched the screen cursor blink while it slowly processed the information.
TERRY
Watson spent the rest of the afternoon on set, keeping Holmes under observation. He preferred not to take any risks, not at the point they were in the production. He wandered around, chatting with Angelo, then settled next to Lestrade, keeping each other company as they watched the room.
Because the last two chapters weren't fluffy enough...
“You can’t die, not here, not like this. John. John!” He smashed his fist against his sternum and felt his own heart skip a beat as John woke, gasping for air.
“To you, maybe. Not to me.”
It’s your fault he got out of the car.
“You worked so hard for your spanking. You deserve it. I’m going to make this so good for you.”
John could see the anger bubbling up within Sherlock and he couldn’t understand why. He didn’t know why Sherlock hated what he was. He didn’t understand why Sherlock had always fought so hard to keep it inside, fought so hard to be human. He wished it made sense to him but it didn’t. John cared for him more than he himself was comfortable with. He wanted Sherlock to know how he felt. He wanted to force him to understand, force him to listen. He’d learned long ago to suppress this feeling, and it rarely flared up, but he was angry. Angry that Sherlock was so lost, angry at how he’d been treated, how he expected to be treated, how he pushed the wolf away and caged it until it forced its way out and attacked. It was so wrong. “Sherlock-” John spoke as he tried to interrupt the manic pacing however Sherlock’s head snapped sharply in his direction, greeting John’s voice with a growl, lips pulled back in a snarl, fangs intentionally being flashed before he continued to pace silently.
“Oh...”
John’s attempt to comfort Sherlock did nothing to ease his troubled mind- John’s word’s just angered him. Why did he have to be like this? Why couldn’t he be normal? At least normal within his own species? Even there, in his world, he wasn’t normal – he had been the defaulted pup, the pup that couldn’t control himself and even now as an adult couldn’t.
John let out a breath as he set Sherlock on his bed, a bit disappointed by his apparent loss of strength since Afghanistan. “Alright,” he huffed, taking a moment to catch his breath. “There, now you just – just stay there, okay?” He reassured as he slowly pushed Sherlock down onto the bed and adjusted a pillow under his head.
“Sher-” John started, trying to cut him off before realizing what Sherlock was trying to do. “Oh no you don’t.” he mumbled, beating Sherlock to his coat and snatching it, holding a hand out to block the other man. “You look like you’re about to pass out. No way are you going out tonight.”
“Sherlock, if it wasn’t for Mycroft, you could have been dead too. God, he shot you. That wasn’t the way to handle things. You could have died and that isn’t fair either.”
“I don’t want you walking on it, though.” John spoke. “Doubt you’d want to, it hurts doesn’t it? Probably because you’ve not been putting your full weight on it when you’re normal.” He sighed, taking a moment in his more relaxed state to get a good look at him. Sherlock had his eyes closed but what was that beating against the wall behind him? He turned his head, blinking in surprise at Sherlock’s wagging tail. “Well.” He started, looking back to his friend. “You certainly didn’t do that last time. It’s... wow. It’s really you isn’t it?” he said, as if surprised. “You're still you. No separate entity embedded in your brain that wants to hurt me?” he asked, offering a nervous smile while he continued to dig his fingers into the fur on the back of Sherlock’s neck, noticing that he seemed to enjoy it. He couldn’t help but chuckle a bit at Sherlock’s tail wagging. It looked especially odd on this body, since he didn’t quite look like he was a complete wolf either. And it was
Unfortunately, John’s plan back-fired as the wolf started to growl audibly, pushing itself onto all fours before extending itself back onto its hind legs, now towering over John, its head in reaching distance from the ceiling.
John let out another dry laugh, shaking his head. As terrible as it was, he had to admit to himself, it was far better for Sherlock to be unconscious. He was angry with Mycroft, but in the back of his mind, he knew shooting him was probably far better than letting him hurt himself. It was good to see him in a more peaceful position, and John was able to get a better look at his flatmate’s new form. He looked far more innocent with his mouth shut, teeth hidden; almost gentle really.
The wolf was gasping and spluttering, trying to push itself back up again but it was becoming weaker and weaker with each passing second the Wolfsbane was in its body. Every breath felt like fire around its body and its brilliant golden eyes had begun to develop small red veins around the edges.
“Sherlock...” he tried again, although it came out as a shaky whisper. He was too shocked by seeing the creature again to manage anything louder.
John smiled at Sherlock’s response, he was a lot easier to persuade him in this form compared to when he was human. “Right, now that that’s settled what do you say to some dinner?”
John winched as he saw the flesh being torn from the wolf’s arm, feeling a bit light-headed. Gore had never bothered him, he was a doctor and had fought a war, but something about this made it worse. “I-I don’t know.” He whispered. “It looks like it’s gone mad. It’s-it's like it’s fighting itself."
John looked at his phone, cursing under his breath and set it aside, taking a deep breath. The wolf’s cries made him cringe and he couldn’t help but remember watching the transformation; his best friend writhing in pain, screaming as his body rearranged itself. In all of his years as a doctor, he’d never heard of such a thing, let alone witnessed it. John would have deemed it impossible had he not have seen it with his own eyes. He was starting to see the struggle in the wolf’s head the more he watched. John’s mind was getting used to the sight in front of him, and the fog of shock was slowly becoming less apparent. His first thought had been that the wolf had been driven mad, had no control whatsoever but perhaps, as Mycroft had said, that wasn’t the case. What if it was hurting itself on purpose? What if the mental struggle wasn’t such a random one? Maybe Sherlock truly was in there, somewhere.
Sherlock let out a breath through his nose and rounded on himself so he was facing John again. Sherlock stared at John from across the kitchen, his face conveying very little emotion.
“Who?”
The doctor swallowed thickly, setting Sherlock’s arm back so it was resting on his stomach. “I’m going to need to check on this right after you change, understand?” he bit his lip, looking over his friend nervously and standing up, regretting leaving his cane in the living room. “I’ll be right outside, okay? Just call if you need me or... howl I guess?” He stood a moment before speaking again. “Good luck, Sherlock.” He said, although he couldn’t bring himself to smile. He gave his hand a squeeze before releasing it, walking out of the room with a heavy limp. He shut the door behind him and slid down against it, burying his face in his hands.
“Yes, I do John.” Sherlock interjected. “You’ve only just been introduced to the world I live in; you don’t understand how it works. Now please believe me when I say, the less people that know about what I am, the better.”
“John, get out now!”
“John!”
Sherlock ignored him and attempted to get onto his feet once more before making his way towards the door.
“That wasn’t you.” John comforted.
“Jesus, Sherlock, what did I tell you?” John snapped when they were out of ear shot. “I told you not to take a case today, I
“Like what?”
I am aware that this chapter is very short so I've uploaded both parts of 'Explanation' to compensate for the shortness of this chapter! As always comments are greatly appreciated, enjoy!
John raised his eyebrows. “A night like last night and you’re going to be
Sherlock on the other hand really didn’t want John anywhere near him when he transformed.  A big factor being he didn’t want his friend to hear him scream. Well, he was just going to have to not scream, simple as that; but that was easier said than done.
Sherlock closed his eyes to try and focus on what he was trying to say. “I don’t want you in the room when it starts. I’ve changed my mind I don’t want you near.
John groaned and turned back into the living room, pushing Sherlock back and pulling the window shut. The ex-army doctor kept his hand on Sherlock’s back for a moment, brow furrowing in concern when he felt the heat radiating off of him. “Got a fever or something?”
John had made plans last month time to bring Sherlock out to the countryside where he could run and hunt and do whatever it was wolves instinctively did, but Sherlock hadn’t been enthusiastic about the idea and insisted they stay at home; now that he could do so freely. It was worrisome, to say the least. John could practically see the wolf inside him growing restless as Sherlock suppressed it so perfectly; it scared him for what was to come the following year.
“Yes it was!” Sherlock snapped again. “Because that’s who I am, who I always have been. I am the wolf and the wolf is me. Trust me, it would be best for all of us if you hadn’t of found out.”
? Weird werewolf healing powers or something?” he guessed.
“That doesn’t matter right now. Are you out of the flat?”
“So let me get this straight...” John spoke through closed eyes, rubbing at his temples. “You’re both werewolves?”
Sherlock bristled at John’s suggestion.
John realized he wasn’t in control of his body anymore as he had ended up at Sherlock’s side without realising it. He looked at his hands, one on Sherlock’s shoulder and one on the other’s hand, which was clinging tightly to the duvet cover. He blinked a few times, no longer the massive paw it had been a few moments ago with long claws. He forced himself to look at Sherlock’s face again, before hurriedly grabbing another blanket and throwing it over the detective’s pale form – not wanting to move him from the ground just yet.
“Look, Sherlock... Mrs. Hudson lives with us. She worries about you. If she was to see you like that, well...” he bit his lip, averting his eyes for a moment. “I don’t want her to be afraid of you. You know it wouldn’t bother her. You don’t have to hide it from people who-”
“That’s beside the point, Sherlock. You can’t do this! We’re barely going to make it home in time; you need to be more careful!” John argued back, sighing as Sherlock led him down an alleyway – he really wasn’t in the mood for one of Sherlock’s shortcuts. He just wanted to get home, he didn’t want to have to climb over any buildings or break into any flats on the way. The evening was bound to be difficult anyway; his only hope for getting through it would be a nice cuppa in his chair.
. Even so, it was almost endearing, despite the wolf’s potentially frightening appearance.
Until then, I hope you enjoy this chapter.
John looked at Sherlock with a slightly sad expression on his face. The thought of anyone trying to hurt Sherlock put a lump in the soldier’s throat, hunting his best friend down because of what he was. He wanted to say something, but his mind was blank. “Have you ever been caught?” he asked, sadness in his voice, the words only a whisper.
“Yeah, a big part Sherlock failed to mention.” The doctor scoffed.
Sherlock stopped mid bite, pausing for a second before suddenly removing his jaw from the raw meat below him - he quickly realised what he had been doing. He hastily stood up and made a noise of disgust backing away from the meat. He had lost himself to the smell of the meat – this was his time not the wolf’s.
“Then stop treating me like one.”
John eyes widened when Sherlock gave him the time frame, he cursed under his breath, checking his watch. “Yes, ah, sorry Greg, we best be off – you know how OCD he is about his experiments” he chuckled nervously.
The pain at this point pain had uncontrollably taken over Sherlock’s body. The detective’s chest began to heave as his rib cage began to expand; bones crunching and knitting themselves back together. His skin began to rip and shred gorily, dark fur pushing out from within his body. His sleek and elegant trousers began to tear off under the strain of the dense muscle that began to build around his legs and torso. His hands morphed into massive paws, his nails growing into deadly sharp weapons and his feet growing as they too became a mixture of fur and claw. Sherlock let out a groan of agony as his facial structure and jaw started to change and snap into the shape of a muzzle. The detective’s screams soon mingled in with the deafening roars of a tortured wolf before finally, after several minutes of stomach-churning screaming, the room fell silent; the black mass collapsing onto its stomach, breathing heavily.
John sighed as he watched Donovan direct unkind words towards Sherlock as he gave directions to her and the other officers, Anderson was on holiday,
John knew he was rambling and he was praying that it was helping. He wanted to help Sherlock desperately but knowing how was different. “If you want my opinion, the full moon is so you can let the wolf out. You’re not supposed to try and lock it away completely. If you do that, it builds up. Little things like that-” he gestured to the meat. “-help. You have to share with the wolf.”
“I mean what Sherlock’s doing... It appears, from your description that my brother is fighting back. Something he’s never been able to do before.”
Sherlock gave a soft smile. “Mrs. Hudson might just die of fright if she saw me.”
So this is it, the end of John Watson...
John sat there on his knees, paralysed, as he stared aghast at the massive wolf that now lay unmoving -apart from the gentle rise and fall of its chest- on the carpet of 221B. The doctor’s eyes were so wide that it almost hurt to keep them open and he hadn’t even realized he’d been holding his breath until he felt himself gasping for air breathlessly. He was sure he was going into shock. What he’d witnessed... that was impossible. It was bloody impossible. It would be years before he forgot the cries of the tortured animal that was (or, had been at one point, maybe) his flatmate. What was worse, he had no idea if this beast in front of him was even Sherlock any more.
The detective flinched at the sudden addition of soft weight to his body and groaned once more at the movement, his muscles still stiff and aching.
John ignored him, the two men sitting in silence for a few moments before John spoke up. “He’ll be okay though, won’t he?” he asked, turning to look at Mycroft.
“Sherlock!” John cried, throwing Sherlock’s coat behind him and kneeling in front of his friend, grabbing onto him. It seemed Sherlock had gotten even warmer, if that was even at all possible. Should he be concerned for the detective’s life? “Sherlock, I’m right here, it’s okay, look, can you hear me?” he asked a bit frantically, brushing Sherlock’s damp curls from his forehead.
“Don’t be ridiculous John!” Sherlock reprimanded as he made his way back to his chair.
(See the end of the chapter for
“No.” Sherlock interrupted John’s protest. “I want – I want you to promise me.” He demanded through clenched teeth.
you! I hate to say it but your weird pre-change quirks got noticed by Greg.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock let out a whine, it was almost canine in sound and that’s when Sherock knew he was running out of time. “John please move.” he begged, the plead showing in his eyes.
John looked at the detective with a sad expression. “You’ve been doing this your whole life alone, I think it’s time you had somebody by your side.”
The elder Holmes sighed, glancing at his brother with a scanning eye. “Injuries associated with werewolves are dangerous but the fact he inflicted the wounds upon himself, I don’t know. His injuries will transfer over onto his human form however, so he’ll be weak; very weak.”
"Then meet up with Lestrade for a beer hmm?" suggested Sherlock, completely dismissing John last question. He just needed John out, anything just to get him out of the house.
“John, going by his screaming you have about ten seconds before he kills you.”
Sherlock stayed silent curled up in his chair before getting to his feet to head towards his room. “It’s nothing.”
John shook his head. “Right. Werewolf.” he reminded himself. “Yeah, alright. Okay.” He agreed, moving his hand to check Sherlock’s vitals.
Sherlock stood up after a few minutes of examining the body and turned to address Lestrade. “Check the cupboard in the kitchen again for a hidden compartment, you’ll find the murder weapon. As for the killer-” he stopped to quickly check something on his phone before continuing. “-you should find him two blocks down the road in a pub located next to a tailor.”
“Don’t embarrass yourself, Sebastian. The last time you fought another Alpha you had to flee with your tail tucked between your legs. It’s your right hook you know? It’s just not strong enough. Maybe you should take some boxing classes. Or maybe that’s not such a good idea. You’d risk losing more of your teeth and I wouldn’t recommend that after you’ve already lost two of them falling right on your face during that football game last term. Seems sports or fighting both are not your strong suits. A pity really, since you had hoped that physical skills would make up for the fact that your grades are just not good enough. At least not good enough to become a graduate assistant to Professor Keller. Failing in every area. Not very Alpha of you.”
She circled him once more, her expensive heels clacking loudly on the ground. It was unhinging somehow, hearing those sounds behind him without seeing her. He cursed himself inwardly for being so thoughtless, he should have been quicker with the photographs. By thinking about the situation between him and John he had lost focus and made himself a target.
Victor’s glare was cold as he jerked his chin at him. “And what’s it to you?”
“Come on, let’s get you back to bed, “John said, and Sherlock nodded. He looked dead tired and ill, but his eyes were clear now and he was lucid.
She chuckled, averting her gaze, seeming a little embarrassed. “Yes, I’m in your ‘Clinical Medicine’ seminar.”
“Yes, “the doctor confirmed, “it did look very inflamed. We cleaned it, took a sample, and bandaged it anew. We can only hope the infection doesn’t grow worse. He’s already on antibiotics?”
“It’s an Alpha’s right to decide about whether life-sustaining measures should be taken with regards to their mate or not. His decision was well within the bounds of legality and to be honest, it’s a decision that’s made quite often. It’s standard procedure. There’s no reason to be upset.”
When Sherlock had referred to him as a friend in front of Sebastian Wilkes, John had corrected him: “Colleague.” That had hurt, he had thought John would appreciate being called his friend instead of acting ashamed.
“Please spare yourself your false concern, Mycroft, “Sherlock prompted quickly, his voice a sneer. “I’m too tired of your games.”
He blinked. He breathed. He turned onto his back again, but no matter what he did, he couldn’t find a comfortable position.
He placed a finger underneath Sherlock’s chin and gently forced it up, trying to get the other man to look at him.
Good news though: I've already written the last two chapters of this story. They only need to be edited, I hope I can post them within the next week.
“Sherlock, please, “John hurried to explain himself, a deep feeling of regret pooling inside his stomach, making him feel nauseous because this was
Sherlock did not seem impressed by the knife at all. Worse even, he almost seemed bored. This seemed to enrage Billy and he pulled Sherlock forward by his scarf until their faces were only inches apart. When Sherlock still did not quiver in fear, Billy let out a furious growl, ripped the scarf off of him, and pressed the tip of his knife against Sherlock’s pale throat, drawing a few tiny drops of blood, the red a startling contrast to the white of Sherlock’s exposed skin.
“What’s so funny?” The other man asked with a loose smile on his lips, clearly interested as he stepped forward, crowding into Sherlock’s space.
“Is Sherlock with you? Has he been here?” He just couldn’t keep the anxiousness out of his voice, and he was already upsetting Mrs. Hudson, he saw it in her face.
A feeling of dread settled in the pit of John’s stomach and he swallowed, trying to push away nausea threatening to rise in his throat. He needed to get the momentum back, quickly, before it was too late.
“Half a year?” John gasped. “That’s very early:”
If someone had hurt someone Scott loved then it was understandable - in whatever way - that Scott felt entitled to judge all Alphas. Whatever had been done to the Omega close to him - it must have been horrible - so horrible that Scott had simply decided never getting near another Alpha ever again.
John tilted his head to the side, grinning sheepishly. “Yes, I’d like that very much.”
In general, he was a person that needed a lot of space as well as time for himself. This was due to the fact he could think best when he was alone and no other person’s insufferable babbling intruded on his brain’s ability to analyse and deduce the situation or problem laid out to him. Or when he simply needed to dive into his mind palace where he could spend hours and hours filing away information or gathering it back up.
Sherlock glanced at him tiredly. “My head hurts.”
He turned back towards the lad.
“Oh?” was John’s only comment.
It made John feel like a teenager again, confessing his feelings for his first school crush which was ridiculous because he was a man approaching his forties, for God’s sake.
“What’s wrong with the brothels in town, Sebastian?” Scott asked heatedly, as he pulled himself free with a quick twist of his arm, “too expensive for you?”
“But….”
“John, I….” Sherlock was fidgeting with the half-full cup in his hands. “We need to talk.”
“That’s….” he searched for words, “…. quite nice of you, John.” He smiled at John tentatively and John smiled back. They smiled at each other shyly until it suddenly became awkward and they both cleared their throats, looking down onto their plates.
This time everything was quiet, he noticed. In contrast to last time, where everything had faded into a nauseating grey, the walls of his mind palace threatening to crumble, taking down the very core of his mind with it, all seemed to be well now.
He had realized earlier than that of course. He had realized it on the day John had shot the cabbie and he had somehow been okay with that. Sentiment was a disadvantage but with John, it had always been okay. A tiny voice inside his head had always warned him to watch out, to not let things between him and John grow too strong, it would only make him weak. John would become a liability sooner or later.
“Yes, he will.” Sherlock was beaming again, seemingly unaware of the little dispute he and John had had beforehand.
“Oh, what do we have here?” she asked suddenly as she inspected his throat. “It seems I have misjudged you, Mr. Holmes. Apparently, you are interested in the simple pleasures of the flesh after all. I have the evidence right in front of me.” She traced the love bites and bruises with her fingers, down his throat. “Apparently, you like it rough. I like that. Maybe I shall play with you a little before I kill you.”
Sherlock looked at him and swallowed.
The next Monday came and John and Mike headed up to Building HC. Mike was excited that they would be conducting an experiment today and he happily chattered away about the dissection of a human liver he had performed in a class last week. John listened to him with one ear, but his mind was focussed on something entirely different, his stomach churning at the idea of seeing Scott again.
Muffled voices sounded through the closed door and John tried hard not to try to make out the words but of course he couldn’t help glancing at Sherlock’s door every ten seconds or so. The nurse noticed of course be she just smiled politely into her cup of tea and did not comment.
After a minute or two John calmed down again. He opened his eyes and continued, his voice flat and quiet. “He was lying on top of him, rutting against him. He was groping him, kissing him, sucking at his neck, I think.”
Sherlock who was still lying on the ground a few meters away from him, shaking and whimpering softly. Sherlock, who looked so damn vulnerable with his naked quivering legs and his shirt torn open.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow and opened his mouth as if to protest. Then he stopped, shrugged, and started to pack his things. He was finished in less than two minutes.
Nausea threatened to overcome him and he pressed a shaking hand to his mouth, bile rising up in his throat, forcing him to swallow a few times rapidly, to push the urge to vomit away.
“Did you just slap me?” Sherlock asked incredulously, as he righted himself up and lifted a hand to his right cheek, which felt a little hot and slightly swollen.
The doctor frowned slightly. “Well, there is a little problem actually. Mr. Holmes is making a bit of a fuss and we wondered if you could maybe calm him down? He really needs to rest.”
Sherlock frowned again but apparently, he didn’t dare lie. “It hurts like hell, “he admitted quietly.
(See the end of the chapter for
John was inclined to give her a piece of his mind but then he saw Sherlock glance at him from the side, shaking his head almost imperceivably, telling him
As he watched Scott disappear into the dormitory marked ‘House Gilbert’, an angry curse slipped past his lips. His stomach churned, a knot twisting there with sudden anger - anger at himself for his unbelievable stupidity. In his frustration, he kicked a stone heatedly into the wall of the building next to him, a grunt-like noise of frustration leaving his throat, causing passing students to glance at him warily.
This was what he knew. This was what he acted upon, day after day since he had been a little boy.
It didn’t get them anywhere and Dimmock himself ended the session at last, after having slammed his fist into the hard steel table in frustration more than once. John had just sat there calmly, feeling surprisingly serene and collected. Nevertheless, he was tired, and he desperately wanted to get out of that sticky room. This was pointless anyway. If they were set on punishing him for saving another human being’s life, so be it – but he wouldn’t do them the favor of making it unnecessarily easy for them.
He woke early Monday morning, earlier than was necessary, and found himself unable to eat anything for breakfast. He could feel the way Mike kept glancing at him on their way to Magnussen’s class, and he knew that his friend was aware of what he was nervous about, but he didn’t want to talk about it, just get it over with. He had decided that he would try his best to apologize to Scott, that he would try to explain to him that he had indeed behaved like an animal, but that he wasn’t normally like that and that he promised never to do such a thing again. He could only hope that Scott would accept the apology. If not, then screw him. No person would bring John to beg for a friendship, not even a beautiful, exceptional human being like Scott Williams.
“That’s alright.” She studied him thoughtfully, then she seemed to decide something. “Would you like to go outside and talk a little?” she offered, “ I could use some fresh air.”
“What?! Sherlock! I….”
“You’re right, of course. The person with the larynx on the right side had to be hospitalized after drinking the hydrochloric acid in an apparent attempt to kill themselves. They didn’t succeed in doing so but the injuries to the throat and respiratory tracts as well to the inner organs were so severe that they had to be put into a medically induced coma, or they would have died. The owner of the larynx on the left side recovered completely with the help of medical care. The owner with the larynx in the middle suffered some remaining damage and has to use an inhaler from time to time, but other than that his wounds have healed just fine. I think all of you have realized by now that the first larynx belongs to an Alpha, the middle one to a Beta, and the right one to an Omega.”
