Sherlock Holmes' dating service lasted all of three hours before being permanently and irrevocably shut down.
“This is your thief,” John said to Lestrade, “and you can add assault to the charges.”  He indicated Sherlock, who had managed to sit up, but was still on the floor, his throat red and angry looking, breath wheezing.
“Yes, yes, thank you Graham,” Sherlock said, grabbing John by the arm and pulling him up out of the seat.  “It’s time we were going, I have an important experiment to check.”  Without another word, he dragged John from the kitchen, grabbing his coat on the way out of the door.
job as John’s Alpha to provide for his Omega and for his unborn child.  John settled for hastily thanking Mycroft and deleting the text – and his reply – from his phone.
Tags updated!
heavy duty plastic bag, and taken it back to Molly at Bart’s for proper disposal.
“I’m just going to take your blood pressure, I’ll need you to slip your shirt off so I can put this cuff around your bicep, if that’s okay?”  Dr Watson said, in a voice designed to calm and reassure patients who were scared of the doctor.  Sherlock obliged, unbuttoning his shirt and slowly revealing his perfect skin.  His chest was surprisingly muscular, but it was a lean strength; no posing in front of the mirrors at the gym for Sherlock, rather the everyday exercise of chasing criminals, climbing buildings and whipping corpses.  Sherlock stayed perfectly still, closed his eyes and began to enjoy the sensations of Dr Watson gently taking his arm and wrapping the blood pressure cuff around it, inflating it, and measuring his blood pressure.  As he began to move through the examination, Sherlock deliberately reacted to every touch of the gloved hand, but it didn’t take long for his body to catch on to what his mind was trying to achieve, and the reactions became involuntary – not because of the latex, as he knew Dr Watson was beginning to suspect, but because the hand inside was Dr Watson’s.
Simon smiled good naturedly, and said, “Well it was worth a try, you can’t blame me, can you?  How about a kiss instead, and we’ll call it done?”
John sat back in his chair, and slammed his head into the seat back once or twice in the hope that it would suddenly make everything magically clear to him, and give him the perfect solution to his situation.  It didn’t.  All that happened was he ended up with a sore spot on the back of his head from the chair’s frame, and a raging headache to match the throb in his cock, because for all his moral soul searching, John was still thoroughly, insistently aroused...
Dr Watson stepped forward, swallowing hard, and tucked his finger under the bottom edge of Sherlock’s trunks. “These will have to come off,” he said quietly, his voice commanding nevertheless.  It felt like a red-hot electric shock, straight to Sherlock’s cock.  He was pleased at how bold the doctor had decided to be, but was not surprised; he hadn’t gotten to be a Captain in the army without a certain amount of boldness.  Sherlock stood immediately, and stripped the trunks off.  He was hard, and that was an impressive sight, Sherlock knew.
Chapter Six
“So someone who is a bit of a loner wouldn’t know when to come again unless he stayed here until the end?” cut in Sherlock, sharply.
“Here you go John,” Rob sang through the curtain, taking hold of the edge as though to open it and reveal John in all his (mostly naked) glory, but John was too fast and snapped it shut again before Sherlock had the chance for a proper look.  Less than ten seconds later, the clothes sailed back out of the cubicle, over the top of the sagging curtain.
Sherlock was enjoying himself far too much to worry about what was going on around him, and when Mrs Hudson stopped with a “well I have to be getting on, I have biscuits in the oven,” he actually whined.  “Never mind Jilly, Daddy will be back soon, and look, I’ve got a treat for you!” and she fished in her pocket, pulling out a doggy biscuit, which she offered to Jilly.  Sherlock glared at John, who was wheezing with laughter in the corner, and delicately took the offending biscuit from Mrs Hudson, crunching it up then rushing to the water bowl in the corner to gulp up as much as he could, to get rid of the taste, John presumed.
“Sherlock, it’s great to see you!” the man squealed, clapping his hands together and pulling John and Sherlock inside the boutique.  “I have some fabulous pieces that would look great on you, I’m so glad you’re going to let me dress you at last!”
“That all seems fine, Sherlock, if you could turn around please?”  Sherlock struggled to understand, why had he stopped?  Was his conscience kicking in now?  He stood upright and turned around, and was immediately pushed back by Dr Watson’s strong hands on his hips.  Off balance for real this time, he fell back against the couch, feeling its edge against the top of his buttocks.  Dr Watson looked him straight in the eyes, and with his still lubricated hand, took hold of Sherlock’s testicles, giving them a slight squeeze, and with the other hand took a firm grip on the hard shaft where Sherlock’s hand had been moments before.  Sherlock responded to the unspoken question with a single word – “Please…”
Ten minutes later, John had eaten all of Sherlock’s toast, and had managed to finally rouse him from his mind palace by the simple expedient of flicking water at him until he emerged.  “John?  You have to eat your toast,” Sherlock said, picking up the plate and thrusting it at John.
As John walked through the gardens on his way back to his grotty bedsit, he was thinking about his options.  The way he saw it, he could either get one of the mind-numbing jobs Ella had talked about – assuming any of the surgeries would be willing to employ him; many had rather old-fashioned ideas about what an Omega should and should not do – or he should start to look at moving out of London.  The army pension was enough to live on, provided you were only alive for two weeks out of every four, and moving out of London would make it stretch further.  As he limped along, lost in thought, he found himself snapping around at the mention of his name, the soft-spoken Geordie accent cutting through his reverie.
“You were snogging a man instead of helping the investigation!”  Sherlock looked round at the sudden silence; Greg was gasping like a fish out of water.  John groaned, and buried his face in his hands, his face slowly turning redder and redder.  He only felt grateful that none of the other Yarders were close enough to have heard Sherlock.
Sixteen-hundred hours: That afternoon saw Sherlock heading for the other dormitory, where he’d arranged to meet Lestrade and Donovan, the two MPs who had been investigating the thefts.  Lestrade was a muscular man, with the build of a rugby player; Sherlock thought he’d seen him on he pitch the previous morning while they’d been running laps of the parade ground.  Donovan was a little younger than Sherlock himself, and, Sherlock noted, female.  For all his exploring, Sherlock hadn’t yet seen any women in the camp, but he’d deduced that there must be some around.  As for Donovan being an MP, it wasn’t that unusual these days, there were females enlisted in the army now, so it stood to reason that some would be MPs.  They’d almost have to be, for matters of decency and privacy in the event of any women being arrested; male officers couldn’t conduct body searches and the like.
“You’d better go home John,” William said reluctantly.  “Your mum will be cross with you if you get blood all over your t-shirt again.”  John sighed moodily, knowing William was right.  It was to be their last day together – until it became obvious to everyone that their bond had taken, that was.  John pulled himself up from the ground, his skin sore all over, and reluctantly said goodbye to William.
They sat together for an hour, before Mycroft said he ought to be going, and handed Alexander back to Sherlock.
“John,” he scolded, “you should have asked me to help, I know you don’t find it easy by yourself.”  He reached around John, activating the flush, then steered him gently over to the sink and began to wash John’s hands for him.  John sighed, and gave himself over to Sherlock’s attentions.  He’d been lucky to get as far as he had this morning without Sherlock ‘helping’ him earlier; yesterday he’d actually tried to… hold John… while he emptied his bladder.  That had resulted in John being completely unable to go, and angrily throwing Sherlock out of the bathroom, not that he’d wanted to go, of course.
After a quick phone call, John lead Sherlock to one of the training rooms where Anderson was sitting, going through a pile of papers.
“Fuuuuuuck…..” John had absolutely no idea how to respond to the news that he was now flat-sharing with a dog, and his best friend would be collected the next morning by their neighbours.  At least, that was probably the best way for it to happen, John couldn’t imagine Mark and Peter would want their Great Dane showing up in the guise of a six-foot-tall man with no propensity to wear clothes.  He glanced back at the man beside him; he had one leg stretched straight out in the air, and was busy attempting to lick the back of his own thigh, doing a pretty good job too.
“Are you sure you have to go away to school, William? Can’t you come to my school, and then we can still play together?”  William shook his curly head sadly; he had tried asking Mummy again last night, but she had snapped at him in the tone of voice he knew meant that he should drop the subject, and quickly.  Mummy in a temper was A Bit Not Good.  He had considered raising the subject with Daddy, but he would only defer to Mummy, and William didn’t want to risk her turning absolutely monstrous if she were to find out he had tried to go behind her back.  All in all, he had sighed and decided to stick it out at boarding school for a year. When he turned eight, he would broach the subject again, as obviously he would be nearly grown up and Mummy and Daddy would have to listen to what he had to say.  In the meantime, he privately admitted to himself that he was quite looking forward to it, Mike had told him lots of funny stories about things that he had got up to in his first few years.  Midnight snack runs to the kitchen sounded like super fun, William’s parents had already found out there wasn’t a cupboard they could keep him out of if he had a mind to get in there.
“Not as much of an idiot as you, I’ve managed to work out that this body’s not the one that’s naked, that one is…” Sherlock seemed to start for a moment, then huffed as though he were laughing.  “I can try and put some trousers on her, if it makes you feel any better…?” Sherlock shook his head slowly, huffing all the while, as if to impart to John the pointlessness of the proposed enterprise.  Jilly started to sniff at John’s leg, dropping one hand heavily on his knee and looking imploringly at him.
That made what happened after Christmas even more difficult.  Sherlock had returned miraculously after more than two years away, and after a small discussion between John’s forehead and the bridge of Sherlock’s nose, they had fallen back into their old ways, John leaving work at the drop of a hat to chase all over London with Sherlock.  Then Mary had shot Sherlock, and John had nearly lost him again.  Clinically dead for four minutes, the surgeons had told John, before his heart had inexplicably restarted, and Sherlock had begun the long journey back to health.  He had told John that Mary had performed surgery; she had aimed to hit him in a spot that would not cause any complications.  The fact that there had been complications, Sherlock said, was just bad luck; he’d moved the wrong way at just the right time.  Sherlock hadn’t told John that the reality of the situation was somewhat different; Sherlock’s move had been what resulted in an accidentally dangerous shot, rather than a definitely fatal one.
John takes Sherlock to Tallinn, and keeps his promise.
“Oh, I see,” he said softly, “you thought you were going to be directing things this evening, did you?”  John rubbed his hand over the black fabric of Sherlock’s tight fitting underwear, before smacking the plump buttock with a loud crack! that made Sherlock gasp and moan and arch his back to push his arse into the air.  John grinned, and tugged Sherlock’s underwear down past the swell of his buttocks.  Keeping one hand firmly on the small of Sherlock’s back, John rubbed his fingers along the crease of Sherlock’s arse, raising his eyebrows when he discovered Sherlock was already well lubricated and open for him.  John slid two fingers inside Sherlock’s warm hole, listening to the filthy sounds coming from Sherlock’s lips as he tried to push himself further onto John’s fingers.
“I’ve nearly got the whole set,” Simon responded, “I took a Marine home last week, my last relationship was with an American airman based at Mildenhall, and my first lover was a sailor in the Navy…. You could help me complete the set!”  He waggled his eyebrows suggestively at John, who let out a loud belly laugh.
John swallowed hard at that, it was all very well deciding to say yes to everything that was asked of him, but that was a very intimate thing to be asked.  He drew in a deep breath, and said, “Yes.”  Simon immediately grabbed his lapels, dragged him forward from his seat at the bar, and planted his lips on John’s.  There was a moment of shocked surprise from John, and then he almost immediately found himself responding.  Simon’s lips were so different from Mary’s; John had put off getting himself back out into the dating world because he didn’t want to be reminded of the disaster his marriage had been, but Simon was definitely male.  He had a little stubble around his mouth that John could feel rubbing on his skin, and his scent was very masculine indeed.  John recognised it as the same aftershave he himself wore, and there was something… intriguing about it.  He closed his eyes and started to lean into the kiss, and was suddenly dragged off the stool backwards by an angry Sherlock, whose eyes were glaring daggers at Simon.
“I’m sorry mate, I didn’t know he was with you, I didn’t mean anything by it!” he said, all the while backing off, until he judged himself to be at a safe distance, then he turned and disappeared into the crowd.  In the meantime, John had picked himself up off the floor and dusted himself down; he’d landed on his side, mobile phone in his pocket digging right into him.  That was going to leave a nasty bruise, he was sure, but right now, John was more concerned with Sherlock’s behaviour than anything else.
Mungo’s was crowded, for the most part the clientele were exclusively male, despite the fact that Mungo’s was not a gay club.  There was the odd sprinkling of female couples, and even fewer hetero couples.  John parked himself at the bar and ordered a pint, Sherlock asked for a white wine spritzer.  John couldn’t help thinking that if Sherlock was deliberately trying to imply that they were a couple, that drink was a pretty fast way of doing it.
“I wonder if they’ll take me to you, or if you’ll come to me?” he said curiously.
The case was an interesting one, a client called to ask us to find a valuable diamond necklace that had gone missing over Christmas - she lived by herself, and no-one else had keys to her place.  We were pretty certain that was the case, as she'd just had new doors and windows fitted by a local double glazing firm.  But couldn't they have kept keys and broken in, you ask?  Well yes, that could have been the case, except the firm is a one-man business, and that one man spent Christmas in Tenerife with his wife's family.
“We’ve only just met and we’re gonna go and look at a flat?”
Since John had moved in again a couple of months previously, Sherlock had respected his boundaries.  He hadn’t been through his papers, or taken any of his hideous jumpers to experiment on.  He hadn’t barged into his bedroom at six in the morning demanding John accompany him to a crime scene, and it had been positively hateful.  Sherlock opened the door, and the clean scent of just John wafted out of the room, untainted by anything else.  It was the only place in the flat were Sherlock couldn’t smell himself overlaying everything, so he stopped momentarily, eyes closed, allowing the scent to fill his lungs before stepping over the threshold.  As usual, the room was neat, simply furnished with no clutter to be seen.   The bed was tidily made, with as close to hospital corners as could be achieved with a duvet.  The top of the chest of drawers was empty, no clothes spilling untidily from the drawers.  The only thing that gave any clue at all that the room was lived in at all was a book placed neatly on the bedside table.  Sherlock picked it up and scanned the cover, dismissing it almost immediately as another one of John’s trashy novels.  He noted almost in passing that it wasn’t his usual fare, there was no sensational crime to be solved, or stereotypical action hero’s adventures to be followed, but then again, John hadn’t been his usual self lately, so it stood to reason that he wouldn’t be doing the things he normally did.  Sherlock sighed, and decided it would be best not to upset John at the moment by poking around in his things, so he left, closing the door behind him.
John turned around to where he knew Sherlock was watching him, and cocked his head, arms folded.  Sherlock came forward, a little sheepishly, to stand in front of John.  “Well?” John asked.  “Are you satisfied that I haven’t turned into a useless Omega wimp just because we’re bonded?  Can I go to work without you following me now?”
John’s hand scrabbled at his pyjamas, pushing the fabric down his hips, and grabbed his cock in his hand.  John’s breathing grew more erratic, and his hips thrust more urgently upwards, until he was fucking his hand.  Sherlock stroked faster, his thumb rubbing across the blunt tip of his cock and spreading the free-flowing pre-come over the silky skin of his shaft, lubricating it.
“Who are the candidates?” John asked, leaning back in his chair and crossing one leg over the other.
There was a gentle tap on the door; Sherlock could see Mycroft’s face through the small window and he beckoned his brother to come in.
Rob looked John up and down, pouting as he did so.  “Bitch was flirting with all of the waiters in the hotel!  I wouldn’t have minded but I got back to the room early after a massage one afternoon and found Iain with a mouthful of cock and it wasn’t mine!  I’ve been after Sherlock to let me dress him ever since, but he insists on choosing his own stuff.  It’s a crying shame, the man has the body of an Adonis, and insists on keeping it all safely covered…”
“Have you ever had a prostate exam, Sherlock?” Dr Watson asked.  “No,” he replied, “I thought they were usually done on men who are… older… than me, but I’m sure whatever you think will be… good.  What would you like me to do?”  This much was true; he had never seen a doctor for the purposes of a prostate exam, but that did not mean his arse was virgin.  On the contrary, Sherlock knew the pleasures that could be had from anal stimulation, and was looking forward to sharing them with Dr Watson.
“Hungry?” John asked.
I'm so sorry, I'm away at a music festival and I totally forgot to post this yesterday!
John dreams of the previous day's events with Sherlock, but his imagination takes him where his conscious mind is afraid to go.  Sherlock realises something about John.
“Grab that cushion John, this position is hell on my knees without some kind of padding…” John gaped at the sight next to him, hands automatically moving to pull the cushion out from behind the bed and tuck it under Sherlock’s knees.
Sherlock didn’t know what he was going to do if his willpower failed him and he gave in to his carnal urges – and it looked more and more like that was a possibility.  John was the only person who had made it past a week as his flatmate, and Sherlock couldn’t imagine what life would be like without him.
“I may have the answer…” John explained his idea, and Sherlock managed to keep quiet long enough to let him.  “So I can have access to everything I need to investigate?  I can interview the others?”  John nodded, smiling.  “When can I start?”  John’s face became serious.  “You still have an obligation to fulfil your court mandated sentence, but I’m prepared to give you two hours each afternoon.  You obviously don’t need the kind of therapy the others do, so there’s no point in forcing you to do it; it’ll just make you worse, right?”  Sherlock smiled sheepishly.  “Then I can spare you for a couple of hours, BUT… You have to stay out of trouble, okay?  The first time I hear you’re giving anyone any lip, I’ll pull you off the investigation so fast your head will spin!”
“John, it’s your… I can… John, your scent has changed… You’re pregnant…”
“Well I’ve never had an examination like that, Doctor, I like your technique!  I’m interested in medicine, human anatomy.. Perhaps you’d consider taking me on as a private pupil, so I could learn it myself?  You wouldn’t mind being a volunteer patient for me, would you?”
“Did I tell you to stop?” That soft, commanding voice seemed to be wired directly to Sherlock’s hand, which started moving again of its own accord. John leaned forwards and reached his hand up to caress Sherlock’s lips, dragging the bottom of his cupid’s bow down to part them, then slipping his middle finger inside Sherlock’s warm wetness.  Sherlock’s eyes closed as he began to lick and suck on John’s finger, like a starving man given his first taste of food.  After a few moments, John pulled his finger from Sherlock’s mouth with a small “pop” and pulled Sherlock’s camo trousers and pants down as far as he could without Sherlock needing to move his legs any closer together.  John slid his hand under Sherlock’s balls, and slipped his finger into the warm crevice, seeking.  He found the puckered ring of muscle and gently but firmly pushed his wet finger inside.  Suddenly Sherlock was coming, spasming round John’s finger, panting, semen jetting from his cock.  He tried to catch as much as he could, but a couple of spots landed on John’s thigh.  Sherlock watched as John scraped them up with his index finger and carried them up to his mouth, popping the finger inside and sucking it with relish.  John pushed the chair back and stood up, never breaking eye contact with Sherlock.
*****
Mycroft hurried forwards to take Sherlock by the shoulders.  “John was delivered of a son, Sherlock…” He continued to talk to Sherlock, but as he did so, his little brother appeared to collapse, as though he was a puppet whose strings had been cut.  The sound that came from him froze Mycroft’s blood in his veins; he had never heard a sound of such pain before, not from anyone, let alone his baby brother.  “Mycroft… no…. please…” A look of anguish on his face, Sherlock turned tail and ran, pushing past a bewildered Greg and disappearing down the corridor.
He’d met Mrs Hudson when Mycroft had sent him away to an American rehab facility, reasoning that if Sherlock didn’t know anybody in the country, he couldn’t bribe them to supply him with cocaine in rehab.  Mrs Hudson had been serving a court mandated 60 days for possession of the marijuana she used to ease the ache from the healed breaks that had been a gift from her husband.  Like Sherlock, she had resented being there, and he had immediately been drawn to her, the pair of them sneaking off instead of attending group therapy sessions.  Mrs Hudson had explained her current predicament – husband running a drug cartel, his arrest for murdering one of his rivals, the imminent likelihood of his exoneration and release, resumption of the beatings to follow soon after his return home – and Sherlock had been incensed.  He had asked Mycroft to help him to ensure Frank Hudson remained on death row until his execution date, and in return for Sherlock’s promise to give rehab his best shot, he had provided access to all the information Sherlock had needed to ensure the jury returned a guilty verdict, the ‘special relationship’ with America proving useful for something at last.  The thing that had helped sobriety to stick this time hadn’t been the rehab, individual therapy or group therapy – it had been the thrill he had got from successfully investigating the case; finding evidence no-one else had been able to find and presenting it to the officers attempting to prosecute the case.  Sherlock knew that he wouldn’t have the opportunity to do it again if he kept getting high, and besides, the thrill from cocaine didn’t come anywhere close.
“Sherlock? Sherlock!” John called after Sherlock, struggling to get up out of the seat, but he had already gone, and seconds later, John heard the slam of the door to 221 Baker Street.  He finally managed to get up out of the seat, but felt a sharp pain as he did that caused him to drop back into his seat, and a rush of fluid that told him his waters had broken – it seemed that the movement had started his labour.  An intense contraction had him crying out sharply, and the pretty waitress came rushing over, realising immediately what had happened.
Sherlock knew this was likely to result in a telling off, he didn’t eat on any kind of regular schedule as it interfered with the work.  The body was just transport, after all, providing it kept going while he was doing Lestrade’s job, it didn’t matter what it looked like.  Reluctantly he began to remove his jacket, knowing this was an argument he should concede.
“It’s that triple murder in Bermondsey, Sherlock, I’m at my wit’s end… can you take a look?  I’m desperate.”  Sherlock looked between the file and his baby, as though trying to decide whether he should look at the contents of the file while holding Xander.  “I can take him, if you like..?” Greg offered hesitantly.  Alphas were known to be very territorial over their children where other Alphas were concerned, unless it was a close family member.  Greg knew he was risking a lot even offering to take Alexander; Sherlock’s instincts could be awoken very quickly, and it could be dangerous.  It seemed, however, as though Sherlock considered Greg to be a family member, at least on some subconscious level, because he indicated to Greg that he should sit down on the sofa, then carefully handed baby Xander over, instructing Greg on how he should properly support him.  Greg nodded solemnly, making sure to follow Sherlock’s instructions, and deliberately failing to mention that he had, in fact, held his own daughter when she had been a newborn baby.  Sherlock placed himself between Greg and the door, in order that Greg would not be able to leave with Xander without Sherlock noticing, and then flipped open the file.
The next couple of months passed with neither man admitting to himself the strength of his desire to be with the other.  John still left to work at the clinic, although he didn’t mention to Sherlock that he had greatly reduced the number of hours he worked, and Sherlock pretended not to notice.  For his part, Sherlock had decreed that the money earned from private cases should be split between the two of them. When John protested, saying that Sherlock put far more work into them than he did, they negotiated, finally agreeing that their living expenses – rent, food, utilities and cab fares - should be taken from the case money, with the remainder being Sherlock’s to spend as he liked, and John should use his wages from the clinic for his own personal expenses.  That was what had allowed John to reduce the amount of hours he worked without being financially penalised, which pleased both of the men, although neither of them said so.
“Like I said, John, I’ve always been flexible…”
Sherlock is currently laid up on the sofa being quite the martyr - he should really have gotten himself checked out at A&E, but he won't have it.  I'm forcing tea and toast down his neck as often as I can get away with, and I'm pretty sure he's had a bit of a fright, because he's not putting up that much protest.
There was a moment’s pause before the man started speaking rapidly.  “I know you’re an Omega Army doctor and you’ve been invalided home from Afghanistan. I know you’ve got a brother who’s worried about you but you won’t go to him for help because you don’t approve of him – possibly because he’s an alcoholic; more likely because he’s an Alpha who recently walked out on his wife. And I know that your therapist thinks your limp’s psychosomatic – quite correctly, I’m afraid.”  John glanced down at the offending limb as the man continued to speak.  “That’s enough to be going on with, don’t you think?”  He turned back to the door, stepping outside, before seeming to remember something and poking his head back around the door again.
John read the paper, then read it again.  He pinched the soft skin on the inside of his wrist, in an attempt to decide if he was actually still dreaming.  It hurt.  A lot.  He decided he probably wasn’t dreaming, and that if, in fact, he was, then the quality of his dreams had improved a lot.  Either way, he wanted to find out what was going to happen next.
Liz placed a fresh cup of tea on John’s desk, along with the medical form,  and left, closing the door behind her.  Sherlock Holmes, was the name on the front, with a date of birth that put him in his mid thirties and an address in Baker Street.  “First things first, I need you to produce a urine sample.”  John handed the man a specimen pot, and continued, “You’ll find a toilet two doors down on the right.”
“John, I…”
be persuaded to help out with a little bit of cleaning, and had sent Mrs Hudson out to buy more Tupperware boxes that would ever fit in the fridge.  John had smirked a little at that, and mentally declared it a victory.
“I’m afraid John doesn’t do this any more, today was a special favour for Lestrade to apologise for calling him out unnecessarily a few weeks ago.  I can’t possibly spare him, he is vital to my work.”  John gaped in surprise at Sherlock’s praise, then managed to smile and shrug at Archie’s dad, who said something about it being a shame, then wandered off to see if there was any jelly left – there wasn’t; Sherlock had finished it all.  Greg came in, having left his wife to supervise the parcel passing.
“What the hell do you think you’re doing?” John growled, his voice thick with lust, and he stalked across the office to where Sherlock was standing.  Sherlock grinned, remembering the last time John had asked that question.  He poked the wire into the lock at the top of the filing cabinet, eyes never leaving John’s.  He smirked as he wiggled the wire, knowing full well the lock would not open and the files would be safe.  John grinned back; he understood the game Sherlock was playing, and he was more than happy to play along.
The stress of the morning’s argument with Sherlock had accelerated his labour enough that only fifteen minutes after his arrival at the hospital, John could no longer resist the urge to push.  The room was filling up with Beta staff; two obstetricians and a paediatrician, as well as Mary and another midwife.  Trays of sterile equipment were being ripped open, and urgent phone calls were being made for blood to be sent up to the room.
“I found another file that had been missed, here you go,” he said gently.
“They’ll have to bring you to me, I have too many experiments to be able to leave them to come to your house.  Anyway, my house is bigger,” William responded confidently.  “I expect I’ll see you in a couple of days, before I go off to school.”
He began to lift the lid from the box.  It was a little stiff, so the first thing that hit him was the smell; it was sweet and floral, but with an undercurrent of something.  John wasn’t sure quite what it was, but it reminded him of the junction between the old town and the new town in Tallinn, right up against the old city wall.  He had spent a couple of weeks there on leave once, and had fallen in love with the city, returning whenever he had the chance.  It had been a beautiful spot to watch people from, with a small green space raised above the street providing somewhere to sit, and only a slight turn of the head needed to take you from the modern neon and tower blocks to the beautiful old cobbled stone streets, small and winding with traditional buildings lining them.  John had spent many happy hours there, buying English language novels from the small bookshop across the street, enjoying the feel of the sun on his face and the cooling breeze that differentiated it from the dirt and dust of Afghanistan.
did. Told Mike this morning that I must be a difficult man to find a flatmate for. Now here he is just after lunch with an old Omega friend, clearly just home from military service in Afghanistan. Wasn’t that difficult a leap.”  The man’s description of John jogged his memory again.
Sherlock continued, “Have a look at this crime scene picture as well, do you see the marks there, by the fridge?  It’s been pulled out regularly enough to mark the flooring, I’d suggest you see what’s behind it.”  Greg started to collect up the reports and photographs, tucking them back into the folder.  “Greg…” Lestrade stopped for a moment, looking at Sherlock.  “Thank you, I need this… Let me know if there’s anything else you need me to look at.  Obviously I might need to wait until Xander’s a bit bigger before I come out to any more crime scenes… At least until John’s back home…” He bit his lip, as though worried that John might not make it back at all.
“Ah, Molly, coffee. Thank you.”  The man handed back John’s phone, immediately speaking to the girl with the coffee cup, rather than thanking John for the use of his phone.  It wasn’t as though he had vast amounts of phone credit to play with, John thought, and a thank you from that man with that voice might have been nice…
*****
The more time he spent thinking about Captain Watson, the more his arousal made itself known to him.  Sherlock shifted uncomfortably in his chair, adjusting his hard cock in his trousers, trying to make himself more comfortable and failing miserably.  He mentally shook himself, picking up a couple of the files again, and attempted to concentrate once more.  Privates Pugh and Davies both looked like trouble, he thought, but he wasn’t certain that either of them had had anything to do with the thefts…. but he couldn’t be sure, and therein lay the frustration.  He was usually much better at seeing the patterns, deducing the chain of events, but it seemed as though most of his brain was taken up with thoughts of the muscular blonde Captain, and the way he had looked during his orgasm.  This, Sherlock thought sourly, left about the same amount of brainpower for the problem as “so-called normal people”.  Sherlock had not experienced this before.  He had been attracted to other people, but the attraction had never been strong enough to be anything other than temporary.  There was only one conclusion, he decided, if he could gain some… relief… he might be able to think about the case.
Dr Watson was a short but muscular man, Sherlock had already deduced his military career from his posture and tan lines; he’d been back home for a while now, but the tan had been slow to fade.  He was dressed in a smart pair of loose chinos, with a hideous jumper; Sherlock couldn’t help thinking that a smart shirt would have shown off the definition of his pecs to a much better advantage.  Then again, the man was not yet ready to acknowledge his attraction to men, it made sense that he wouldn’t dress better, that way he would neither attract the men he wanted nor the women he didn’t.
“Ah, it’s kind of you to open up for us this late,” John said awkwardly.  He wasn’t really sure how to respond to Rob’s comments about Sherlock’s body; it wasn’t as though he had never noticed, after all.  The amount of times Sherlock had been injured while they were running all over London ensured that at one time or another John had seen pretty much everything Sherlock had to offer, and he had to admit, the view was more than a little enticing, even for John.
Sherlock pasted a look of interest on his face.
“Don’t.” John snarled, “Do not move, Anderson, or so help me God, I’ll rip your arm off.”
“Oh. Thank you.” Mike introduced John, but didn’t give the man’s name.  John thought it a little odd, but forgot almost immediately when the man spoke again.
“Xander.”
Mrs Hudson shook her head, said goodbye to John, and made her way downstairs.  John went through to let Jilly out of Sherlock’s bedroom, and found her curled up in the middle of Sherlock’s bed.  He couldn’t help a grin when he saw that she had drooled all over his pillow.
I'm sorry it's taken so long for me to have time to update this fic - it's absolutely NOT abandoned, but life has kind of got in the way... I'm now working full time, two jobs, and what with the family as well, that's not left me much time for writing... Thank you for sticking with me, and I'll try very hard to do better...
“And what’s wrong with the landline?” Mike asked, in a voice that hinted of exasperation; this was apparently not the first time they had had this conversation.
John knew he’d had far too much to drink, unfortunately for him, whenever anyone spoke to him it had been to ask, “do you want another pint?”  If only they’d asked, “do you want another drink?” he lamented to himself, the hangover tomorrow was going to be legendary.
feeling warm? Snuggly?”  John could almost hear the contempt dripping from Sherlock’s voice as he said the last word, and strangely, that helped to bring his panic levels down a little.
“Starving,” Sherlock grinned.
“Where are we going, John?” Sherlock asked, following along easily.
“Ahh, Westbury…”  Sherlock’s voice was still husky, but it didn’t seem to bother him, and John was absolutely sure he didn’t mind either.
“That was an order.”
The two of them had been in Tallinn for three days now, staying at the Vana Wiru hotel just inside the wall of the Old Town, and John had been showing Sherlock all of his favourite locations.  They had taken a meandering walk through Tallinn to the beautiful Alexander Nevsky Cathedral; they had looked out over the city from the top of the old city wall, and John had explained to Sherlock that the nickname of the watchtower, Kiek in de Kök, in fact meant “Peep into the Kitchen”, rather than a painful method of persuading people not to invade the old city.  They had eaten in Balthasar’s, the garlic restaurant, where virtually everything on the menu came with garlic, including the beer.  They had been to The Olde Hansa, and eaten wonderful dishes and gotten tipsy on berry schnapps and honey beer.
“You can’t leave me, John, you just can’t!”  John started to feel Sherlock’s anxiety ramping up at the thought of him leaving for work, and his own starting to join it.  He pushed it down, knowing he had to make a stand now or forever be a typical Omega; only ever leaving the house if he was accompanied, expected to serve his Alpha – and he knew he would go insane if that were ever to happen.
“No shit, Sherlock!!” John agreed, slowly thrusting his hips, feeling the friction along his cock again.  At that moment they heard the sound of voices outside in the corridor, and John came back to his senses – what sort of trouble would he be in if anyone caught him in this position? Not to mention the trust he was breaking… He let go of Sherlock immediately, stepping back and running his hands through his short, blonde hair, rubbing over his face and breathing hard.  Sherlock pushed himself up from the desk, eyes heavy with arousal, and obviously not the slightest bit bothered about any noises happening outside the room.  He reached for John, who stepped back, raising his hands in front of him and shaking his head.  “You need to leave, Sherlock, you shouldn’t be here!”
“Sherlock!” John’s face lit up with a brilliant smile, and he leapt out of his chair to meet Sherlock in the centre of the room, inhaling his scent deeply.  “What are you doing here?”
“Mycroft… I can’t thank you enough for what you did for me and for John, I don’t know what I’d have done if….” he trailed off, unsure of the best way to finish the sentence.
A small epilogue...
Sherlock just sat, watching John, his tongue lolling out of one side of his mouth.  A few seconds later, Jilly, the Great Dane from next-door, came trotting out of the kitchen with a bath towel draped over her back.  She stood watching John with a curiously fervent expression, and then started to whine a little.  She reminded John of those supposedly hilarious videos the girls had emailed around at work, with the husky saying “I wuv you!”  In fact, John could almost believe she was trying to talk to him, but he supposed it must be a figment of his hungover and possibly still drunken imagination.
“Goodbye little one, I’ll see you again soon.”  He squeezed Sherlock’s shoulder briefly, and left, closing the door softly behind him.  Sherlock looked down at his son, sleeping in his arms, and at his Omega, resting comfortably next to him, and felt as though his heart would burst with happiness.
“Come on Greg, you know what happens when an Alpha is in the room while an Omega gives birth… The child bonds with the first Alpha they meet, my son will have bonded with my brother, and there’s nothing I can do about it… Not to mention that John will have some kind of… bond, connection, call it whatever you like… with Mycroft… I need to go back to Baker Street and pack, I can’t be there when they get home…”
“Sherlock, what on earth is your problem?” John asked, leaning on the doorpost of Sherlock’s room as he flung his things around the room in a temper.
“Even then,” John replied evenly.  Sherlock handed over the outfit he actually wanted John to wear – a tight pair of black jeans that would hug his arse, and a plain white t-shirt.  A form-fitting black leather jacket finished the ensemble, and a pair of black biker boots bought the look together.  As John finished dressing and came out of the cubicle, Rob made an appreciative noise, and started to smooth down the fabric wherever he thought he could get away with it.  John slapped away his hands, as Sherlock swallowed; John looked even better than he had thought he would.
Mrs Evans, unfortunately, got the sharp end of Sherlock's tongue the next time she popped round, but it doesn't seem to have made any real difference, she seems to have just chalked it up to his genius and eccentricity, and keeps saying things about how she likes a man who speaks his mind and is forthright.  I dread to think what's going to happen if she comes back with any more biscuits, but I suspect that if there's a dreadful murder of a little old lady in Fulham, Sherlock's going to decline to take the case…  I sincerely hope DI Lestrade isn't reading this!
“Oh shit, I was supposed to see Captain Watson at 11:00, I’m gonna be in so much trouble!”  He said goodbye to Westbury and rushed out of the garage, once out of sight heading to the car park to check out Anderson’s car.
Dream-John thrust one last time into Dream-Sherlock’s arse, spilling his seed deep inside his tight heat, feeling Sherlock’s orgasm pulsing around him.  He collapsed down onto the younger man beneath him, hands gripping his hips tightly, and the dream began to fade.  John stirred slightly as the wetness on his chest began to chill him, grabbing at the blanket and pulling it up as he rolled over, satisfied and drifting back into a deep and dreamless sleep.
If you have enjoyed reading, you want to read a little more about Sherlock, John and Jilly, and you are willing to suspend a little disbelief, you might enjoy this: https://archiveofourown.org/series/420664, my series of one shots about what happens when Sherlock manages to body swap with Jilly...
“Come on Sherlock, let's get you two home… We can drop Jilly off with Mrs Turner, and I can get your trousers off… You might have all kinds of injuries under there…”
Eleven-hundred hours: Sherlock made his way to the garage, where a few men and a woman were working on some of the camp’s vehicles.  He was taking a bit of a risk, being away from his group, but John wanted a name by lunchtime.  He quickly ascertained that Anderson was not there; his picture had been in the files that Sherlock had seen; he had a weasley face, scraggly beard and glasses, and nobody in the garage looked like that.  Sherlock wandered over to the group working on an old Land Rover and stopped next to a tall, blonde, oil covered young man with his head under the bonnet.
Sherlock smiled lazily.  “Good,” he replied.  “I do so hate to be interrupted… now, what did you say you wanted me to do?”  As he had hoped, Dr Watson took charge, grabbed him around the hips and spun him around.  Sherlock allowed himself to fall slightly, catching himself with his hands pressed onto the couch.  He felt Dr Watson’s hands grip his thighs, pulling his legs wider apart and further back.
“John? John, where are you?”  He scrambled out of the bed, grabbing at clothes that had been left on the bedroom floor, and hopping around on one leg attempting to fit his leg into John’s maternity jeans.
Sherlock was confused, and he didn’t like it.  He had been curious about sex, and had done some experimenting at Uni with a quiet Beta girl from one of his Chemistry lectures, but had quickly discovered that kissing her did nothing for him, and he had no interest in going any further.  He had tried again a year or so later, an Omega male, and although he had been a little more interested, he had been unable to get physically close to the man – something about him had sent Sherlock’s stomach reeling.
“You called Lestrade in?!  Because I pulled you off your chair?!” Sherlock demanded of John, arms waving wildly.
John looked around for Jilly, spotting her fast asleep under the kitchen table with her head on her paws.  He was vaguely aware of voices from downstairs, then the sound of footsteps on the stairs.  Mark popped his head round the door, calling “Jilly! Come ‘ere, girl!” and Jilly bounced up immediately.  Mark and John exchanged a few pleasantries, all with the sound of Sherlock grumbling around in his bedroom.  Finally, with a gift of Cornish fudge from their break as a thank-you present for looking after Jilly, Mark left, taking her with him.
The cherry hot chocolate is a real thing, but I don't know if it is still available in Tallinn, as I have only been there in the winter once - it wasn't on the menu when I next returned in the summer.  It's beautiful chocolate, and comes with a glass of water as it's so thick!
John giggled nervously.  “I already did, Sherlock, the day after I met you, remember?”
This chapter contains a description of childbirth - it's not graphic by any means, but it's a traumatic birth.  If you want to avoid the chapter, zip to the end notes for a summary.
“What did you have in mind, Doctor?” Sherlock asked, in a voice that was almost dripping sex.
John sat with his legs dangling either side of the tree branch, watching a line of ants marching over it industriously on their way to some unknown destination.  He risked a quick glance up at William, who was busy drawing a leaf in as much detail as he could.  William had said it was for a “data base”, which John had been quite excited about because he imagined it would be full of baddies he could fight, but it was nothing like the rebel base in Star Wars, so he had quickly lost interest.
“Well Sherlock,” he said, “We’ve finished the medical, but I wonder if we shouldn’t just do a couple of extra tests while I have you here, to save you needing to come back another time?”
“I think you mean ‘Sorry John, for pulling you off a seat for ABSOLUTELY NO REASON’!!!” John spat back, rubbing at his hip where he’d hit the floor.  His fingers brushed against the mobile phone in his pocket, and he thought he ought to check to make sure he hadn’t damaged it, since he’d landed with a fairly hefty slam.  He pulled it from his pocket, thumbed one of the buttons to light up the screen, and stared in shock at the message the screen displayed – MESSAGE SENT.
“John? Are you okay mate?  Sherlock said there was an emergency- ” Mike had stopped abruptly just inside the flat, where John was curled up on the floor, sobbing and wretched.  The kindly Beta had half carried John up the stairs to his room then helped him into bed, discreetly leaving as John had shed his clothes and climbed straight in as naked as the day he was born.  Fifteen minutes later, Mike had popped his head back around John’s bedroom door, his arms full of easy to digest snacks, bottles of water and energy drinks, and a brown paper bag that turned out to contain a dildo that approximated an Alpha’s cock, complete with inflatable knot.
“Oh for God’s sake, look! His hair has been trimmed every four weeks, regular as clockwork.  It’s in the latest style, and that's only been fashionable for the last few weeks, he must have had it cut just before he arrived.  He has designer t-shirts and jeans in his locker, but his footwear leaves a little to be desired.  His trainers are cheap market knock-offs in the style of the most popular trainers on the market now, did you think if he’d managed to sell the items he wouldn’t have had the opportunity to buy the real McCoy?  No, if Bateson had committed the thefts, he’d be wearing the real thing, not the knock-offs.  It’s not Bateson, you’re looking in the wrong place.”  Sherlock swept out of the room, leaving Lestrade, Donovan and Bateson staring after him, open mouthed.
“I know because I can feel it.  I don’t know how, John, but somehow it’s as though we’re bonded.”
“I’m Watkins, by the way,” Sherlock said.  “I need to get something decent, something that won’t show me up in front of the lads.  What are you drivin’?”
“John, what are you doing?  You need to rest, stay still!”
Once Sherlock had begun to come back to himself a little more, he started to realise exactly what had just happened – he had just fucked his Omega flatmate.  He, Sherlock, who had never had sex with
John sighed, and slammed open the door to the dormitory, stepping smartly out of the way as it bounced loudly off the wall, startling the 12 young men he had observed sleeping in various poses in the camp beds arranged along each side of the barracks.  John’s head swung back, and he reassessed the situation.  11 young men sleeping, one lounging indolently on his camp bed, reading… something in Latin, by the look of it, and he hadn’t moved a muscle when the door had slammed.
At five-thirty, he finally gave up and got out of bed, heading for the shower.  Today was an unexpected day off; John had covered Sarah’s shift for her last night at the late night clinic because her niece was in a school concert, and Sarah’s sister had been caught in a traffic jam and couldn’t attend.  John decided he would get dressed and go for a long walk, to see if he could clear his head at all.  He finished getting ready, shaving and cleaning his teeth, before heading downstairs and into Speedy’s for some breakfast and a cuppa before heading off to Regent’s Park.  He was just coming out of Speedy’s when he bumped into Mark, one of Mrs Turner’s married ones from next door, and his enormous Great Dane, Jilly, who jumped up at John, her huge paws landing on his shoulder as she sniffed at his hairline.  John staggered slightly under her weight, and tried to avoid the slobber falling from her mouth as he pushed her off.
you know about Afghanistan?”  The man ignored his question, it was as though John hadn’t spoken; it was both a familiar and frustrating reminder of how life could be for an Omega.  He wrapped his scarf around his neck, flipping the ends through the loop, then picked up his mobile phone.
“Alexander Sigerson,” Sherlock repeated, and Alexander snuffled a little, as though he approved of his new name.  The little family sat quietly, just being with each other, until Mary came slipping back into the room with the bottle.
Sherlock had been furious, one of the bags in the fridge had contained an experiment he’d been running for a month, and which had been near fruition.  John had calmly explained that if
John had immediately started to research on his laptop; looking at everything to do with bonding, both research from the UK and from abroad.  He looked at the processes – they seemed straightforward enough, the Alpha bit the Omega on the bonding gland, which released certain chemicals into the Omega’s bloodstream.  The bite was consummated by sex, as it released other neurochemicals into the Omega’s bloodstream which bound both with each other, and with the Omega’s brain structures, and Bob was your uncle.  He looked at research on the specifics of the neurochemicals involved, to see what the most recent thinking had to say on delayed consummation of a bond bite.  He discovered that mostly for bonding to take place, the bite had to occur during sex.  However, in a few cases, it hadn’t been necessary for the bite and the sex to happen at the same time, but as long as the bite came first, a gap of a couple of hours had resulted in bonding.  As he had continued to read, John had discovered that the gap itself was rare enough, but nowhere in any of the literature had there been a gap anywhere near as long as the one between Sherlock and John’s bite and the sex.
John rolled his eyes as he attempted to aim into the toilet bowl – he hadn’t been able to see anything below the line of his belly button for the last two weeks – and called out, “I’m in the loo, Sherlock, for God’s sake, can’t I even have a piss by myself anymore?”  Sherlock appeared at John’s shoulder, with a look of relief on his face.
“That was brilliant,” said little Archie’s dad, “I’ve never seen anything so funny in my life!  The way you managed to mess up every single trick you tried was hilarious, I thought Archie was going to be sick he was laughing so hard!”
“I got a cracking deal on it when I bought it, mainly because it needed a lot of work.  But then I split up with the wife, and between the alimony and the child support… I got done for speeding when I was trying to see my little girl, so my insurance went through the roof.  Then the radiator went and I couldn’t afford to get it fixed; you know what this place is like, not exactly millionaire’s wages… That prick Anderson could’ve helped me fix it, but he’s such an arse… He doesn’t like me, so he won’t lift a finger…  That’s why we work on it in our spare time, everyone gets something out of the deal.  I get help on the motor that doesn’t cost me a fortune, they get to look busy!”
“Sherlock…. You knocked… Are you feeling ill?” John joked.  Sherlock smiled the tight smile that meant he wasn’t amused, and threw himself into the chair opposite John.
John rolled his hips, pushing his erection firmly into the plump cheeks of Sherlock’s arse.  “Don’t you think you’re in enough trouble already?” he drawled, his voice rough.  John allowed his hands to drift over Sherlock’s sides, down to his waistband, where they hooked in the top of Sherlock’s waistband.  He pulled sharply, dragging Sherlock’s groin clear of the top of the desk and straight into John’s hard length.
He kept them busy for the next five hours, running drills, doing push-ups, chin-ups, assault courses and anything else he could think of to exhaust them; the real hard work would start that afternoon as he began to teach them a skill, something they could be proud of themselves for achieving, something that would allow them to start to have a little pride in themselves, maybe begin to turn around their low opinion of themselves and change their behaviour.  Mostly it was working, the lads were too tired to do anything except what he asked them to do… Mostly.
“You’re a doctor, you know the bonding process, it takes more than good sex to do it, no matter how much you have.  I must have bitten you at some point over the last few days, somehow…”
Oh-four-hundred hours:  As John slept, he dreamed… The dream started as nothing more than an ordering of the events of the previous day, a preparation of the events of the next…. But before long, Dream-John found himself in the office with Dream-Sherlock pinned to the desk beneath him, and the corridors outside the room silent and empty.  This time, he allowed himself to act on his feelings; shifting his feet over to line himself up properly with Sherlock’s arse, and grinding his hips slowly forward, pressing Sherlock into the desk.  The younger man pushed back enthusiastically, moaning softly, and trying to free his pinned arm.
“Oh you’re a life saver, thank you! If you just knock on Mrs Turner’s door, she’s got a key to our place and she’ll let Jilly back in.”  Mark handed over the lead, shaking John’s hand as he did so.  He turned and rushed indoors again, flying back out of the door thirty seconds later with a briefcase in his hand.  Jilly stood outside the door happily with John until Mark returned again, rushing off down the street.  Jilly decided she should go to work with her owner, and started to gallop off down the street after him.  John found himself jerked rudely from his feet, before regaining his equilibrium and starting to run off down the street after her.  When Jilly caught up with him, Mark was just disappearing into a taxi which then took off down the street, and Jilly slumped down with a look of disgust on her face.
“I’m sure there are people out there that need the help of a consulting detective and don’t want to get the police involved…” John grinned.  “You’ll have to come back in a few months and tell me how you’re getting on, you’ve only got a few days left here.”  For a moment there was silence between the two of them.
“Auntie Sam was talking about some Omega friend of theirs being bonded, and she said for mum not to expect to see her for months because she’d be with her Alpha.  That must mean they can’t be taken away from each other, right?”  William considered this for a moment.  It seemed reasonable to him, there wasn’t any other reason he could think of why an Omega and an Alpha would WANT to spend so much time in each other’s company, therefore it must be a biological necessity.
“Do you have time to hold him now, or do you have to go and spank the Americans?” Sherlock asked with a grin.  Mycroft’s only response was to step closer and gently lift the sleeping child from his bed.  A look of wonder briefly crossed his face, and then the stoic politician was back.
“Westbury,” the man replied with an affable grin, offering an oily hand for Sherlock to shake, much to his chagrin.  Westbury indicated towards the Land Rover the group were working on.
John couldn’t work out quite how he’d managed to end up with all of the jars, he was quite certain he didn’t like elderflower, and even more certainly not when made into a jam with bananas.  Sherlock couldn’t stop giggling, he had enjoyed forcing the progressively more revolting concoctions on John, but the icing on his cake had been making him actually pay to take a whole bag full home with them – he wondered how long they would actually stay in the flat before John offered them to Sherlock for experimental purposes… or maybe he would just dump the whole lot in the bin and not bother taking it back at all?  Sherlock was looking forward to finding out!
The two men shook hands, and after a little reminiscing, agreed to go for a coffee.  Thirty minutes or so later found the two of them outside the door to one of the labs in Bart’s.  John was struck by how different things were from his student days, but he reasoned it had been more than ten years since he had last been there.  He made a small joke about it; it was something to say, and he was still trying to get back into the easy camaraderie he had once shared with Mike.  He hardly noticed the tall slim man working at one of the lab tables, assuming him to be one of the current batch of students.  It was only when the man spoke that John realized he was a little older than he had thought.
“I need to see you,” Sherlock said once the movements stopped, “will you come out here, please?”  John ripped back the curtain and stepped out of the cubicle.
John was starting to get fed up with this pregnancy; the eight months since Sherlock had dropped the bombshell on him had been both the loveliest and most frustrating months of his entire life.  Sherlock had been so attentive that John had hardly been able to do anything for himself.  Initially it had been fantastic; Sherlock was usually very self-centred, so to be the sole focus of his attention had been amazing.  The novelty had worn off, however, when a month later Sherlock had peremptorily decreed that John would no longer be going to work but instead staying home and resting.  John had stormed out of the flat to grab a cab in to work, only to find that none of them would take him, Sherlock having paid off all of the drivers in the area.  He had phoned Sarah at the surgery to explain that he would be a little late, as he would have to catch the Tube in, only to be told that they were not expecting him; Sherlock had already given his notice on his behalf over a month ago.  John had been furious, but since Sarah had already replaced him, there was little he could do.
Sherlock groaned, shaking with the effort of staying still. “You say that now John, but what about the risk?”
Sherlock took his coat off, laying it over the bottom of the bed.  He unfastened the top buttons of his shirt, and pulled the collar wide, to allow John to get as close to his skin as possible.  Carefully and slowly, Sherlock climbed up onto the bed beside John, sliding his arm behind his Omega’s head, and drawing his nose close to the pheromones issuing from Sherlock’s neck.  John sighed, and snuggled in closer, visibly relaxing; Sherlock could see that the pheromones were helping already, although John still had a long way to go.
Sherlock cleared his throat.  “Ah, Rob,” he said, “you’re going to be dressing John here.  I have some suitable pieces already, from the last time I called in.”  He indicated John as he spoke, then turned to him, explaining, “This is Rob, I helped him prove to his boyfriend Iain that he wasn’t cheating on him with another man, rather that he’d been arranging a luxury holiday for the two of them in the Maldives.  Of course, he left Iain just after they got back from the holiday anyway, but I did my part.”
Oh-five-hundred hours:  John snapped awake, and shoved back the blankets, looking down at his chest as he became aware of the tight skin there.
Good news, dodgy bloke hasn't been seen since my last blog post - thanks lads!  (I assume it was one of you, even though none of you have had the decency to get in touch… never mind, I've got my peace and quiet back now, and I haven't forgotten my promise!)
“So what are we looking for?” asked John, realising he hadn’t got a clue what their perpetrator looked like.
Chapter Two
“Oh yes, he does love her, doesn’t he?”
Special thanks go to Catherine for suggesting one of John's lines x  Hope you enjoy this, please leave comments, if you'd like to :0)
“Mr Ho- Sherlock, I need to test your reflexes, it’ll be easier to do that if you slip your trousers off.”  As Sherlock stood to remove them, John turned to pick up the small reflex hammer, allowing his patient (he kept reminding himself) some privacy, and giving himself enough breathing space that he would resist asking if Sherlock needed any help, and by the way, the medical form required a thorough examination of his penis too, could John assist with those tight fitting black trunks?  “Where do you want me?” that chocolate voice cut through his daydream, and John turned back to Sherlock, clearing his throat.  “Just where you were before is fine,” he said, heading back over to the couch.  “Now if you could just cross one leg over the other, please?”  Sherlock crossed his legs, ankle to knee, with a small smile on his face.  He leaned back on his hands; the effect was as though he had framed his erection with his body for John’s viewing pleasure.  Well two could play at that game, John thought, if his suspicions were correct.  He took a firm grip on Sherlock’s leg with his latex gloved hand, and slowly slid it along Sherlock’s knee until the other man was arranged to his satisfaction, saying “No, I mean like this.”  As he touched Sherlock’s bare skin, he made sure to look him straight in the eyes, and was rewarded with that same sharp hiss of indrawn breath from before.  “I was right,” John thought to himself, “It’s the latex, he’s got a thing about the latex!”  John conducted the reflex test, taking hold of Sherlock’s legs in his gloved hands to swap over and test the other side.  He carefully made some more notes on the medical form, and realised that he had now completed every question, each examination they had asked for had been done.
John.  Feeling ashamed of giving in to his baser instincts, he tried to pull away, but was locked in place by his knot.  The tug on his rim made John orgasm again, moaning pitifully, and Sherlock couldn’t help but thrust hard inside him again as the squeeze of John’s muscles forced another orgasm from him.  The piteous moan John let out at the feel of it had Sherlock gathering the smaller man up in his arms and crooning softly in his ear.  As he did so, Sherlock became aware of a warm feeling spreading throughout his chest, a feeling of what he could only describe as contentment.  Sherlock felt confused, he had never felt so warm and snuggly, and he wasn’t sure where it was coming from.
*****
“I swear to God, Sherlock-“ John stopped abruptly at the sight of Sherlock standing with his phone pointed at John, and the huge grin on the man’s face.  The “click” of the camera shutter sounded before John came to his senses and shot back behind the curtain.
John let out a high-pitched giggle, “Okay, point taken, Sherlock.  So what do we do while we wait?  Wanna go walkies?”  The look Sherlock gave John could have melted tungsten, but John was too busy rolling around the floor and giggling to notice it.  “Wanna play fetch?”  Sherlock stalked over to where John was laying on the floor, and seemed to be about to do something, when they heard Mrs Hudson call up the stairs.
“Yes,” breathed John, and immediately Sherlock knelt up, hands rising to gently grasp John’s face as their lips met.  Sherlock clambered up onto the sofa next to John without disengaging their lips, both kissing the other frantically.  They pressed towards each other, hips meeting and grinding their cocks together, Sherlock’s just as hard as John’s.  John’s hands gripped Sherlock’s hips, pulling them roughly towards John’s, as though he were trying to combine the two bodies as one.
“Sherlock, what are you doing? Let go, you’re hurting me!”  John yanked his arm out of Sherlock’s grip, and folded his arms, glaring at his bondmate.  “I wasn’t taken by anybody, Sherlock, I just wanted to get out of the flat!  I’m sick of it, it’s stifling up there, it was doing my head in!”
John had received a text message from Mycroft as Sherlock had been throwing the stiff, unused bolts on the front door before heading up the stairs and doing the same with the front door to their flat.
“Sherlock, you’re supposed to knock and wait!” John yelled angrily.  “And you can’t have the files, they’re private, as you very well know!”  Sherlock strode further into the room, pulling at the drawers in the filing cabinets, determined to get the information he needed in whatever way possible.  John was on his feet immediately, grabbing Sherlock by the neck of his t-shirt with his left hand, and Sherlock’s wrist with his right, twisting it up behind his back, spinning Sherlock round, and planting his face firmly in the top of his desk.  As he spun round, Sherlock’s left arm flew behind him, ending up laid along his side, with his hand tucked between John’s leg and his own.
As Sherlock began to remove his clothing, John was struck by just how thin he was, and his BMI confirmed he was underweight.  Testing of the urine sample didn’t reveal anything of concern, a few more simple questions saw half of the form completed, and then it was time for the physical examination to begin.  “Take a seat on the couch there, Sherlock, if you would.”  As the taller man settled himself on the couch, John turned away to grab a pair of latex gloves, turning in surprise at the sound of Sherlock’s breathing suddenly becoming rapid and shallow; he hadn’t expected the seemingly confident man to be one of the many people with a fear of doctors.  John made a mental note to be slow and gentle, to explain everything he was doing before he did it.  Still, he mused, fear certainly explained the aggressive behaviour in the waiting room; he was surprised none of the other doctors in the practice had made a note of it in Sherlock’s records.
“Well… I suppose he’s pretty good, but then we all know our stuff, or we wouldn’t be working here.  He’s just got the reputation because he’s been here the longest.”  Clearly the man felt Anderson’s reputation was not justified.
John sat alone on his bed, head in his hands.  He hadn’t thought he’d ever be at this point again, feeling so low, but he was.  He’d managed to come back from it twice already.  With Sherlock’s help, he had not only come back from it, but had felt better than he ever had in his life before.  Then came the dark couple of years after Sherlock jumped, where every day he consciously made the choice to continue living, to leave the gun unfired, to refrain from visiting any more sorrow on Mrs Hudson.
“You were supposed to be helping me out John, not getting laid!  I thought I made that clear when we got here, or are you incapable of remembering anything I say once you get a bit of alcohol into you?”  Sherlock paced in tight circles, venting his energy.  There was a fairly wide space around the two of them, considering how busy the bar was, and it was rapidly getting wider.
“Come on now Sherlock, it’s not fair for you to starve Jilly’s body, even if you’re not hungry.”  Sherlock attempted to convey that it was equally unfair for Jilly to stuff Sherlock’s body and leave it feeling heavy and sluggish for him, assuming he managed to get back into it someday, but John waved him off.  “I realise you think it’s unfair for her to eat and desecrate your precious starvation plan, Sherlock, but I don’t relish the chances of being able to explain it to her, do you?”  Sherlock rolled his eyes again – it was rapidly becoming his default expression – but began to delicately tuck in.  John could see him pause for a moment, as though trying to decide whether or not he should attempt to pick up the meat with his paws, but realising he would just look
“Come on Jilly, let’s go for a walk, eh?” John said to her, giving a tug on her lead.  She refused to budge, having decided that if Mark had disappeared from that spot, it was obviously where he would return to, and therefore the best spot to wait for him.  John tried again, using a firmer tone of voice.  “Jilly! Come on, walkies!”  Jilly just looked at him, flopping her head down on her paws and huffing a big sigh.  “Oh come on Jilly, I promised Mark I’d walk you!”  He tried pulling on her lead, and got nowhere; Jilly was a large dog, strong and heavy, and despite his own strength, John couldn’t shift her.  He spotted Mrs Hudson coming the other way down the street, having popped to the corner shop for biscuits to go with Sherlock’s morning tea.
that he knew John was pregnant.  John was also not sure how Mycroft knew he was craving the little Danish butter biscuits, or that he had so far been unsatisfied since they only ever seemed to appear at Christmas.  He had been tempted to reply requesting biscuits, but knew that would only tip Sherlock over into fury – it was
Greg Lestrade started writing a text to send around to the usual suspects; they’d had a great result in court that afternoon, with one of their collars being banged up for 15 years.  He felt that they should go out and celebrate; it had been a gruelling trial, what with the defendant fighting every piece of evidence the team had carefully gathered.  When the jury had unanimously agreed that the lying little toerag was guilty as charged, it had sent a sigh of relief round the team.  Greg finished writing the message, hit the ‘send’ button, and then groaned as he realised he’d sent it to the group that included John.  He didn’t think he could stand another message refusing an invitation with a lame excuse.  To his immense surprise, one of the first messages he received back was from John, and was asking where he should be and at what time.  He replied back quickly with the pertinent details, then got his head down, tackling the huge pile of paperwork that would hopefully lead to another conviction in the next week or so.
“I am not going out dressed like this!” John yelled.  “Find me something else – something I’ll wear – or you’re going by yourself!”
“What, seriously?” Greg asked in surprise.
“Why were you kissing that man in Mungo’s?”  Sherlock couldn’t look John in the eye as he asked the question, instead darting flicking glances between John and his own knees.
with Sherlock.  John made a point of kicking up a fuss and objecting whenever Sherlock burst into his room and dragged him out of bed before the sun had even come up so that Sherlock wouldn’t realise quite
Sherlock looked coldly at Anderson, saying, “there’s no need Captain, Anderson was the thief.  It’s obvious from the new designer glasses he’s wearing.”
With many thanks to my beta, Catherine, as usual... Please leave your comments, I'd love to hear from you!
Twenty-hundred hours: Captain John Watson walked down the corridor towards his office, eyes flicking over the names on his clipboard.  He was pleased with the way this new batch of lads was working out.  There were a couple that he thought had the potential to be problematic, but on the whole, they seemed to be a good bunch of lads, if a little misguided.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Never, ever do whatever it was that caused… THIS… ever again, okay?  I don’t EVER want to be that intimately acquainted with your bodily functions again, Sherlock!”  Sherlock had the good grace to look slightly abashed at John’s words.  “How long will it be until it all wears off, anyway?”  Sherlock nosed about on the table again, and produced: COUPLE HOURS I THINK.  “I bloody well hope so,” John replied fervently.  Sherlock produced SRRY JON CN T HELP IT.
“Sorry?”
John huffed a breath of air from his mouth.  “You git, you can make it next time!” and he headed back down the stairs, shaking his head.  A minute or so later, Sherlock heard the distinctive sound of the toaster – it had made an odd noise ever since Sherlock had dismantled and reassembled it claiming he had made it more efficient - and soon after, the smell of toasting bread began to drift up the stairs.  Typical John, always feeding him…  Sherlock wondered idly if it would get worse now they were bonded, and that reminded him that he hadn’t yet worked out how the bonding had happened.  He sat himself up, took a deep breath, and sank into his mind palace.
For the first time in what felt like years, Sherlock had time to himself - and he didn't know what to do with it.  He had no experiments on the go - there had been no time since before Xander had been born.  Lestrade hadn't asked for his help with a case except for that one time - and if he was honest, Sherlock didn't really want to leave the flat.  He carefully moved the coffee table over, and dragged his armchair nearer to the sofa, moving as quietly as he could so he didn't wake John or Xander.  Grabbing his laptop from the table, he settled down into his armchair, and began to research.
John looked at Sherlock, he knew he had to answer yes, but he was nervous about what Sherlock was going to ask.  “Yes,” he said quietly.
Anderson stilled immediately. Someone had evidently heard the commotion, because a couple of moments later, Lestrade and Donovan ran into the room.
Special thanks to Ariane DeVere for her brilliant transcriptions of the Sherlock episodes.
They went along quite happily in this way for another couple of months, spending days either desperate to get back to one another or cosy in their kitchen, and nights curled up on the sofa watching crap telly.  John privately admitted to himself that he couldn’t imagine wanting to find someone to share his heat with anymore, the thought of bringing someone back who wasn’t Sherlock… Well, it didn’t bear thinking about.  Sherlock had never been particularly interested in finding a mate, asexual would have been his classification of himself for the majority of his life, and he tried to convince himself that nothing had changed on that score.  If he found himself cosied up on the sofa most evenings with just a hairsbreadth of space between himself and John, that was just the consequences of trying to make sure his acceptable flatmate wouldn’t decide to leave due to Sherlock’s unreasonable behaviour.  Oh, and he had to sit close because of the position of the telly…
Sherlock had explained his conclusions, which didn’t help in the slightest; John and the Yarders still couldn’t understand why having a pair of tight leather trousers and a sheer black shirt meant Simon Eltisley had been a regular attendant at Mungo’s.  Sherlock rolled his eyes, making a disparaging remark about the number and efficacy of the brain cells collectively powering the Yard, and dragged John off to the nearest main road, where he magically summoned up a black cab.
Sherlock followed Dr Watson down the corridor, admiring the way his arse flexed with every step.  They entered his office – neat, sparse, Sherlock didn’t like the emptiness of it, he felt it could do with a few more interesting books and if not a whole skeleton, then a skull would brighten up the place no end – and Sherlock took the empty chair next to the desk.  The dragon lady entered again and dropped a form on the desk, Sherlock recognised it as the one he had brought with him.  She left a cup of tea next to it – Sherlock was disgruntled to realise it was intended for the doctor, not him – and left the room, closing the door behind her.
“You have to bite each other.  On the “bondy land”, on the neck,” John explained breathlessly, pointing at the spot.  John had been listening through a partially open door, so couldn’t be entirely certain, but he was pretty sure that’s what they had said.  Auntie Sam and his mum had compared their bonding bites, giggling, in a friendly game of one-upmanship over whose Alpha had been the most passionate at the start of their relationship.  Sam had won when she’d shown John’s mum the ragged and chewed mess her Alpha had made of her bonding gland when he’d bitten her in the throes of passion.
“John! John Watson!”  John turned back to see a familiar looking face that he couldn’t immediately put a name to.
.”  He firmly removed his wrist from Sherlock’s hand, and gave him a gentle smile.  “Army doctor, remember?”  He turned away and walked to his bedroom to grab some clean clothes, then headed for the shower.
“I can leave you Sherlock, and I’m going to.  And I’m going to go to work, and I’m going to do my job, and then I’m going to come home again.  We’ll get a takeaway, and watch crap telly, and everything will be fine, because
“Sherlock, I’m not stupid, you’re not with another man right now,
“Yes, okay then,” John replied, and the curtain began to bulge once more.
That was a strange realisation; after only three days, John had started to think of himself and Sherlock as a couple, and his bed as theirs.  He wondered when that had happened, as he padded down the stairs to the kitchen, yawning as he went, and flicked the kettle on.  Absentmindedly he took down a couple of cups from the cupboard, and started to prepare the tea, considering the events of the last few days.  Could he and Sherlock be bonded?  How?  He was sure they hadn’t completed the bonding ritual, but if he thought about it, he realised that he didn’t entirely recall the last three days, apart from the
Kisses x
Sherlock dropped down on one knee, looking underneath the car, seeing that the ground underneath was wet.  It had rained the previous night, so Sherlock knew the car must have been running overnight at the very least.  That didn’t necessarily mean it had been used to take its owner to town to sell stolen goods, but it didn’t rule Anderson out either.
“Then what’s the point of me being here, dressed in this ridiculous outfit?”  John’s voice was beginning to take on that long-suffering quality that Sherlock was well used to; he was never sure quite what he kept doing that John had to suffer, but apparently it wasn’t anything too awful, since John was still living in Baker Street and hadn’t been to see his therapist since his return.
I'm sorry to have to break the news to you all in this way, but please rest assured, John will be getting the very best care from now on.
SHERLOCK
sillier.  John turned away, finding something inconsequential to do, not wanting to prolong Sherlock’s embarrassment.  In Sherlock’s body, Jilly was already nose deep in the chicken, sending scraps all over the floor, then licking it up with her tongue.  John made a mental note to find something he could sanitize and put down under the plate for future meals; Sherlock wouldn’t appreciate Jilly’s casual treatment of his transport.
John smiled back.  “Soldier, actually, if you don’t mind,” he winked.  The man gasped, placing his hand on John’s knee.
As for the smuggling ring, he didn't solve it in the end, DI Lestrade did.  He remembered one of the witnesses had bought some Belgian chocolates from a small farm shop, and they weren't a brand she knew.  When Greg went to ask the shop owner about the chocolates, it turned out that the smugglers were bringing those in too, along with the alcohol and tobacco.  Greg managed to catch them red-handed with a lorry load of stuff in the yard, and as you can imagine, Sherlock was not best pleased.  I've threatened to get his mum down to look after him if he doesn't stop sighing.
“I should have realised you knew after the health food store,” he giggled, and Sherlock looked up at him in confusion.  “Sherlock, you’re right, I was saying yes to everything, although goodness only knows how you found out!  I was saying yes to everything, but
Pints are on me next practice, as long as it stops now, okay?
“Would you have gone home with me?” Sherlock asked quietly.
Sherlock stood quietly in the corner of John’s room, observing him in the faint light of the oncoming dawn.  This was not the first time he had stood here, watching the young soldier sleep, wondering what was going on inside his head.  Two nights previously, he had watched as John had whimpered, calling out in obvious distress to a fallen brother in arms.  Sherlock had deduced that he was reliving the day he had been pinned down in a firefight, desperately trying to save his friends before being taken down by an enemy bullet himself.  Sherlock had watched silently as John had tossed his head on the pillow, face screwed up in desperation, sweat pouring from his brow as he frantically tried to escape from the memory.
Not much to say today, I'm afraid, can't move my head too far in case it comes off my shoulders - spent the night in the pub with Greg - DI Lestrade.  We started out watching the Six Nations, but somehow, somewhere along the line, celebrating every try with a new drink turned into some kind of awful drinking game.  Think I got home about 4 am, I seem to have allowed a small rodent to take up residence in my mouth, judging by the taste of it… At least Sherlock hasn't started on the violin yet…
John manages to get a little revenge on Sherlock, and the day of the kids' party comes round... Sherlock has had something on his mind, and finally asks John about it...
John had gotten his own back on Sherlock for yanking him off the chair and interrupting what he privately admitted had been a very hot snog, by serving up the vile concoctions he had been forced to buy at the health food shop for dinner that night.  Sherlock was always too tired to move and ravenously hungry after a case ended, and since he had given his card to John weeks ago to do the shopping, he had no way of ordering a takeaway.  He was forced to shovel down the disgusting stuff as John refused to cook anything else – “I’m not wasting perfectly good food, Sherlock, you can cook for yourself if you don’t like it!” – and Sherlock knew that if he reminded John of his own abilities in that area, he would be forced to help out in the kitchen more often, and that was more trouble than it was worth.  John just smirked at the look on Sherlock’s face, claiming not to be hungry, and Sherlock’s mood darkened even more when he remembered that John had eaten a very large lunch just as Sherlock was finishing up his deductions in Lestrade’s office.  In hindsight, he realised, John had engineered the whole situation, and he had to admit he was amused and even a little impressed at how John had managed to get his own back without even knowing he had anything to get his own back for.
Tuesday, oh-six-hundred: John slammed open the door to the dormitory, stepping out of the way of its recoil.  Before he had the chance to speak, heads began to appear from under blankets, feet slid out from the warm depths of beds, and groans issued from sleepy mouths.  “I’m pleased to see you’re all getting the idea!” he shouted.  “Oh-seven-hundred, on the parade ground!  Holmes, with me.” He spun on his heel, not waiting to see if his order would be followed or not, and left the dormitory, heading for his office.  Sherlock unfolded himself from the bed and loped after him.  He was already dressed, having grabbed a couple of hours sleep around 2 am and then headed for the shower.  He’d spent some time walking the camp, unlocking doors for the fun of it, climbing walls to see what was on the other side, getting the feel of the place.  Over the last two days, he’d spent so much time exploring that he was now confident he could get from any point in the camp to any other in less than five minutes, and through pretty much any door he chose.  The CO’s door was proving to be a bit tricky, but given time, Sherlock was sure he could crack it.
Life with the Sherlock Holmes was interesting, to say the least.  Their lovely Beta landlady, Mrs Hudson, had offered a second bedroom with an air of disbelief that John would actually use it.  He hadn’t even decided to move in before Sherlock had cured his psychosomatic limp by dragging him all over London chasing a suspect that they hadn’t caught.  When they had caught up with the suspect, John had shot him, rather than risk Sherlock taking a lethal poison pill to prove a point.  It only occurred to John a few days later that he’d cleaned his gun without any thoughts of using it on himself – and that was a good thing.  At last he’d got something to write about on his blog, even if he felt he was only peripheral to the action.
Sherlock and John get closer, wanting to spend all their time together, but not admitting it to themselves, let alone each other.  Then Mycroft calls in one of his favours, and sends Sherlock away for a few days... When he gets back, the stress has sent John into heat...Can Sherlock resist his siren's call?
In the aftermath of John's heat, Sherlock has a number of realisations that he's not prepared for... and John finds Sherlock's protective Alpha instincts kicking in...
John also found himself growing not only more willing to drop everything and run after Sherlock at any time of the night or day, but actively desiring to do so, providing he could just
“Afghanistan or Iraq?”  For John, it was almost like the feeling of being drunk.  He knew both of the words that had been spoken, had spoken them both himself on any number of occasions, but for a few moments, he didn’t understand what either of them meant.  Mike gave a slightly smug smile, but didn’t say anything.
Sherlock took in Mycroft’s appearance, no jacket, tie removed, shirt sleeves rolled up to the elbows – although his waistcoat was still on with fob watch attached, he liked his little idiosyncrasies – and leapt to the obvious conclusion.  Once it was all over, he reflected that if it hadn’t been for the stress of the situation, he might have observed some other telling details, such as the smudge of ink on Mycroft’s right index finger, the creases in his trousers and the redness of his left ear.  As it happened though, Sherlock was already in an impaired emotional state, and so these minor details escaped him.
Sherlock smirked as he spotted an independent organic food store a little further up the road; he suspected it might offer him just the opportunity he’d been looking for.  It was they type of place opened by middle class yummy mummies whose children were away at school all day, and who were convinced they were starting the next big thing, whilst simultaneously forgetting they had absolutely no talent whatsoever.  Sherlock managed to steer John inside without him realising what had happened.  Eyes flicking rapidly around, Sherlock spotted what he was looking for – an enthusiastic young lady with a stand filled with a variety of samples.  Grabbing John’s elbow, Sherlock dragged him over to the stand, saying, “you told me you were hungry John, would you like to try these samples?”
Sherlock looked up from under his eyelashes, his eyes flitting from John’s face to the large bulge at his crotch and back to his face again.  Almost as though his actions were not under his own control, Sherlock began to stroke his erection, which was now almost purple and straining; John simply sat in the chair, watching.  Sherlock’s eyes were fixed on John, the longer he sat there, watching, the more aroused Sherlock became, but he couldn’t tip over the edge.
Sherlock’s hands moved to cover John’s, and he started to pull away, thinking that his lover was trying to prevent him from taking control, but Sherlock’s eyes snapped open again, and he grabbed for John’s hands, pulling them firmly back into place, and encouraging John to push down on his thighs again.  John moved so he was pressed right up against Sherlock’s back, hips tucked in close, and leaned forward, his weight pressing down on Sherlock’s thighs.  Rolling his hips meant Sherlock’s cock was pushed further into his mouth than he could manage purely by bobbing his head, and the sight of it fascinated John – it was as though he was fucking Sherlock’s mouth by proxy.
The two boys parted company, William heading up to the big house, determined to be in place when John’s mum came to bring him.  When he got there, however, there had been a delivery of the last few things he needed to pack into his trunk to take away with him, and amongst them was a well-equipped chemistry set.  Not a baby one, with stupid harmless so-called experiments like making a volcano using baking soda and vinegar, but proper graduated beakers and pipettes and test-tubes.  William was immediately lost in it, and what with the rest of the packing, and the teasing from Mike, the events of that afternoon promptly deleted themselves from his memory.
*****
Encouraged, John tried again, tucking his finger further under the lid and getting a better grasp, finally managing to pull it far enough forward to get a firm grasp on the box.  He pulled it out from under the bed, wondering what might be in it; Sherlock hadn’t mentioned boxes when instructing John to fetch “Hunter’s ‘Manual of Beekeeping’, John, under my bed.  Don’t look at me like that, just fetch it will you, a man’s life depends on it!”
“Really?!” he asked, with a look of surprise.  “I’ve always loved a military man, I bet you’ve got some lovely muscles under that jacket…” He slid his hand up John’s arm and squeezed his bicep.  John laughed at the man’s boldness; he was well into his third pint, and feeling a little more relaxed that he thought he would be.  “I’m Simon,” the man said, sticking his hand out for John to shake.
The pattern was beginning to become clear, John had known people like Sherlock before.  Boredom was their biggest problem, so much going on in the brain that they needed to be doing something to shut the noise out, and they were not the kind of people who were stimulated by watching Eastenders or Big Brother.  He started to try and work out what approach he could take with the lad.  Analytical brain….  John sat up sharply; he’d suddenly remembered the spate of thefts that had happened in the other dorm over the last month or so - the intakes were staggered so all of the lads were still in the camp, for another two weeks or so, anyway – it might keep Sherlock’s brain as occupied as John was aiming to keep his body… That thought made John smirk; it wasn’t as though he hadn’t noticed Sherlock’s body in the day or so he’d known him, those trousers were very tight around the arse, and the heat had made the t-shirts cling like a second skin… Most of the lads had a trace of beer gut or puppy fat left, but Sherlock was lean.  He had a toned stomach with surprisingly muscular arms and thighs and the most luscious arse John had ever clapped eyes on, and that was saying something considering the fitness levels of the rest of his unit out in Afghanistan…  He mentally shook himself; legally there was no problem; both men were over the age of consent, but morally might be a different matter… He was sure his CO would not take kindly to John taking advantage of a vulnerable young man in his care… even though “vulnerable” was about as far a description as you could get from what Sherlock Holmes was.
Sherlock was bored.  It had been three days now since the last case, and that had only been a three, a four at a push if you squinted and weren’t terribly fussy.  He’d only taken it because there had been NOTHING for over a week, and he felt as though he was going mad, as though his brain was eating itself.  He had already checked his sock index this morning, but since he had screamed at John the last time for filing his socks out of place, John had threatened to let Sherlock do his own washing.  He hadn’t followed through on the threat, but now settled for upending the laundry basket on his bed and leaving him to file his own socks, so Sherlock had found nothing wrong.  He had checked all of his experiments, but they were all at a stage were they needed time to be able to react.  He had tried sulking for a while, but it wasn’t much fun without John there to watch.  He had tried sorting the information in his mind palace, but he’d already done that the previous day, and the day before that, and there wasn’t anything left to be sorted.  He threw himself down on the sofa, and decided the only thing for it was to go and explore John’s bedroom.
“Do you honestly think he doesn’t already know what’s going on?  That he isn’t already investigating possible cures?”  John’s eyes moved to the corner that Mycroft’s minions routinely decorated with a camera whenever they broke in to relieve some of their boss’s worries.  It was currently empty, but he knew that didn’t mean they weren’t being watched.  As he spoke, John sorted the tiles back into their piles.  Sherlock nosed the piles into a new communication: CHECKED BEFORE EXP WE RE CLEAR.
The next few days followed a similar pattern; John spent most of his time resting on the sofa, snuggled up with Alex, while Sherlock continued his research.  In the evenings, Sherlock cooked - John had been even more surprised and amazed at this development - and they discussed what Sherlock's research had thrown up.  There hadn't been anything of note really, a few older articles setting out the processes, then more recent articles detailing the blood chemistry, of both the Omega and the Alpha, as studied after bonding had taken place, and finally very few describing the neurochemical changes in the brain at the moment of bonding - those were very recent, since it was so difficult to study the neurochemistry at the actual moment of bonding due to the fact that until recently most doctors had been Alphas, and there was an obvious problem with trying to get an Alpha close enough to a bonding Omega to study them without their Alpha turning feral, or the Alpha doctor attempting to join in or even overpower the bonding Alpha.
“Congratulations, baby brother,” Mycroft said softly as he approached the bed.
Sherlock sank down onto his bed, his head in his hands, fingers scrubbing through his hair.  What the hell had he done?  He had just manipulated John into kissing him, because he knew what John was doing, and John didn’t know that he knew.  Sherlock felt sick to his stomach; what if John decided to leave now?  He wasn’t gay, goodness only knew he spent enough time telling everyone, and now, in the space of a few weeks, he’d had two gay kisses, and they’d both been Sherlock’s fault.  What would he do without John?
“No, seriously, I didn’t think Mungo’s was a gay club?”  John sipped at his pint, looking round the room.
“I’m sorry Sherlock,” John said, picking petals from his clothes and dropping them in the box.  He crammed the lid on the box again, dropping it to one side, and shoved his arm back under the bed.  “I’m still trying to find it, I won’t be a tick!”
John had heard him have a quiet conversation with Mrs Hudson, and could guess at the content when her scandalized, “It’s not right!!” had floated up the stairs to him.  It was a full five days before Sherlock returned, and another two days after that before John could look him in the eye.
*****
Dr John Watson entered the security code into the door’s keypad, and entered the surgery’s office.  “Morning!” Liz, one of the receptionists, greeted him cheerfully.  “Nice quiet morning for you, if it stays like this,” she continued, handing him a list of the morning’s patients.  John strode confidently down the corridor to his office, pausing only to collect a cup of tea on the way.  Once there, he settled the list onto his desk, squaring it with the edges of the desk, and tucked his bag in its usual place out of the way in the corner of the room; his military neatness was a hard habit to break.  He quickly flicked through the names on his list for the day, the receptionist was right; it would be a very quiet morning.  John often found it difficult to reconcile his conflicting feelings; he appreciated being able to go to work with only a minimal chance of being shot while he was there, but some days he thought he might die from the boredom instead.
Bonded Omegas (and partially bonded ones) who are away from their Alphas experience a disruption in their heat as a kind of precaution against other Alphas taking an interest.  Other Alphas who attempt to mate with a bonded or partially bonded Omega will experience a feeling of extreme revulsion and the need to get away.
name was William Sherlock Scott Holmes - and that he was the little boy John had played with as a small child.  As they had talked, John had remembered that fateful day in the tree, telling Sherlock about his Auntie Sam and her ‘bondy land’, remembering that was where his family in-joke had started.  He remembered Sherlock biting down, the sharp pain, and then the taste of Sherlock’s skin on his tongue.  He remembered falling from the tree, the row when he had returned home, and then meeting Mike Stamford and discovering rugby when he returned to school a couple of days later.  John was a little dismayed to realise he hadn’t thought of his best friend for years.  For his own part, Sherlock had told John about getting home and packing for school; about the joys of exploring the old school buildings by himself in the first few days he had been there, and how that had served him well when his classmates had discovered his abrasive personality – Sherlock had needed somewhere he could go and be alone.  John had wanted to weep at the loneliness Sherlock had described; he remembered William as such an outgoing child, full of fun and easy smiles, and his heart nearly broke at the thought that the cruelty of his classmates had all but wiped it out of him.
”  He advanced on Sherlock, stalking forwards with every word, his anger almost palpable.  “Oh don’t look at me like that, pretending innocence, I could
John felt a little spark of guilt as he picked up the box, but ruthlessly quashed it by thinking of all the times he had returned home from work to find Sherlock’s fingers flying over the keyboard of his laptop, or wearing his tee-shirts because Sherlock’s were all dirty and he hadn’t done any laundry.  It was lighter than he expected, much lighter, and he knew instantly that there were no shoes inside.
It had occurred to Sherlock that they still didn't know why he and John had bonded, and now that he had some time to himself, Sherlock decided it was time to find out.  He started by looking for articles about bonding generally, how the process worked, what the biological and chemical processes were.  The first round of Googling threw up any number of insipid articles from magazines and websites for Omegas that Sherlock threw his hands up in despair.  He amended the search terms so he was only searching scholarly articles, and once he'd selected a few dozen likely looking ones, he settled down to read.
“He can go in the ambulance with you, okay, John?” she said, soothing the anxious man as he gritted his teeth through another contraction.
John sat on his chair in the living room, a rather gormless look on his face if he was honest.  Sherlock had explained that his
hit them both.
“John!” he shouted, banging on the door.
Sherlock takes baby Xander home and tries to cope without John.
Sherlock and John need to go undercover on a case so Sherlock takes John shopping... and has another opportunity to see how far he can push his new vow....
Something a bit odd happened this afternoon, it's left me feeling a bit… Not shaken up, exactly, but not quite right.  There's a café I go to most days, Hart's, not far from the flat.  They do really good sandwiches there, and have decent tea - which they make using an actual kettle, not one of those hot water urn things that seem to be some sort of afterthought in the trendy coffee shops.  Anyway, I was at the counter, ordering a bacon butty and a bucket of tea - it had been a long day already by lunchtime - and I got the feeling that someone was watching me.
“I know how we can stop them sending you away to school,” John said, slyly.  Sherlock’s eyes bored into John’s, his attention totally focussed on the older boy.  “My mum’s friend came over yesterday, and I heard them talking while I was getting some biscuits.”  John had long realised the best time to sneak biscuits from the kitchen was while his mum was having a coffee and catch up with one of her friends; for a start she was less likely to notice John sneaking around, and if she did happen to catch him, she was more likely to indulge him and call him a cheeky monkey if there was company, than to tell him off.
John rolled over onto his side, sliding his legs out from underneath the covers and pushing himself up to a seated position.  He took a moment to get used to his centre of gravity, then pushed up from the bed, heading for the bathroom.  Sherlock rolled into the warm space John had left behind, muttering something sleepily under his breath, and reaching out for John.  His eyes popped open immediately, and he sat bolt upright in bed.
“Look mate, I need to get going, I’ve got an early meeting tomorrow.  Do you want to share the cab back?  I’ll be going past Baker Street on the way home, so it’s no trouble…” John slurred something Greg chose to interpret as a yes, and between the two of them they managed to get him out of the pub and into the taxi.  A few very long minutes passed as Greg desperately hoped John wouldn’t vomit on him, but eventually they arrived at Baker Street.  Greg asked the cab to wait for him while he helped John extricate his keys from his pocket and get the door open.  They staggered up the stairs and into the flat, where John collapsed in a snoring heap, facedown on the sofa.  Sherlock looked up from his experiment, his favourite blue dressing gown round his shoulders, goggles pushing his curls into a wild halo around his head, and a look of absolute shock on his face.  Greg moved into the kitchen, coming to stand next to Sherlock and speaking quietly, despite the fact that John was oblivious to the world and would remain so for some hours to come.
When he had finished with John’s face, Sherlock turned his attention to the wounds on his arms, diligently cleaning and dressing them.  John sat quietly, allowing Sherlock to work, as the pain medication began to kick in.  Once Sherlock had finished dressing John’s arms, he looked at his thighs.  “John, I’m going to need you to take your jeans off, this wound is going to be really hard to get to.”
*****
For anyone that doesn't know, MP = Military Police.
Sherlock felt it was only fair to warn him, “Fuck!” he breathed, “I won’t be long!”  As though urging him to his release, Dr Watson rolled his tongue around the sensitive bumps on the underside of the glans, and sucked hard, taking Sherlock’s cock deep into his mouth, until Sherlock could feel the head of his cock nudging the back of the doctor’s throat.  The boiling coil in his belly spilled over, and he felt the spasm from the root of his cock all the way to the end, felt his come pouring out of him for what seemed like hours, felt the doctor swallowing it all down.  At the same time, Sherlock felt the muscles in his arse spasm around Dr Watson’s clever fingers, which served only to extend his orgasm.  Finally he finished, and tried to catch his breath, as the doctor sat back on his heels and tried to catch his own.
“Obviously not, John,” Sherlock replied, furiously texting on his mobile.  “It’s only seven thirty in the evening though, the club won’t be open for another couple of hours.  We’ll go along when it’s open, and see if we can spot anything.  I have a good idea of how the suspect will behave; he’s a repressed homosexual - that much was obvious from the viciousness of the wounds.  He resents these men for being so at ease with their sexuality when he can’t be; it’s a result of his strict Catholic upbringing.  He’s trying to throw off the pressures of his early childhood by picking up men, but it’s too strong for him, and when the guilt kicks back in, he blames the victims.  Now come along John, we need to go shopping.”  So saying, Sherlock leapt from the cab outside a small, but trendy looking, men’s boutique.  John sighed, but paid the driver, and followed Sherlock out onto the pavement.
Just for the sake of clarity, Sherlock calls Alexander Xander, while John calls him Alex.  They are the same person!
John was aware of a tearing pain, warmth and wetness gushing over his legs, bodies rushing round him and Mary speaking to him in a calm and soothing voice.  Then came his child’s cry – the single best sound he had ever heard.  As his life blood continued to pump from him, the last thing he said before his eyes fluttered closed and the obstetricians frantically began to stich him up was, “promise me they won’t try to move us, not before my Alpha gets here…” Mary nodded, and then John sank into darkness.
This is the same meeting, but from Sherlock's point of view...
“It’s always been your home,” Sherlock had said, in response to the look on John’s face when he arrived on the doorstep, “of course you can come back.”  John had been torn between feeling grateful that he didn’t have to say a word, and pissed off that he didn’t even have to say a fucking word.  Sherlock had realised that John was angry, and had tried to be considerate, and that had inflamed John’s anger even more.  He wished Sherlock would go back to leaving the milk on the side to curdle because the fridge had an entire sheep’s head in it, instead of buying milk every other day whether it was needed or not.
John smiled ruefully, the bruise from his phone had lasted a good couple of weeks, turning various shades of purple, green and yellow before finally fading.  “So what do we do now?” he asked, taking hold of Sherlock’s hand.  “I love you Sherlock, but I don’t want to rush into this, it’s too important to get wrong.”
“I’m good, ta, but yeah, he’s going to need a bottle soon, I think.”  John smiled at the blonde, and Sherlock thought vaguely that she was being a little bit too friendly with John; hadn’t she realised that he was sitting right next to his bonded Alpha?  Mary disappeared back out of the room again, and Sherlock allowed his hackles to go back down a bit.  He stretched his finger out, and the baby gripped it tightly.  He was amazed at how perfect the tiny fingers were, the little hand not even the size of half of one of Sherlock’s fingers.
“Sherlock, what is it?  Come on, John needs you, you have to come back inside!”  Sherlock shook his head, eyes filled with tears, vulnerability written all over his face.  “Come on mate, you heard Mycroft, you’ve got a son!”  He grabbed Sherlock around the bicep and pulled him to his feet, ushering him back into the hospital, Sherlock dragging his feet and shaking his head the whole way.
“John, stop panicking,” Sherlock said, in a voice that sounded as though he was on the verge of panic himself. “You’re feeling confused, correct? But you
“Sorry. It’s in my coat.”  John privately thought that Mike didn’t sound sorry in the least.  He didn’t know what prompted him - it was almost beyond his control - but John offered up his own phone.
“I don’t mean to be funny or anything, but have you got some ID in the bag before I let you run off with it?” John asked her with a cheeky smile.  A few minutes later, she had shown him the picture on her driving licence from her purse, retrieved her mobile phone and was calling the police.  The officers who attended were a couple of the lads who worked with Greg on a regular basis, and so they were familiar with John from when he had attended crime scenes with Sherlock.  He agreed to pop into Scotland Yard and give a statement the next day, and left them dealing with the incident.
“Fuck Sherlock!” John gasped, and pulled back on Sherlock’s thighs, so the last few spurts landed across his lips instead of inside them.  John manoeuvred somehow – he wasn’t exactly sure how – unrolling Sherlock flat onto his back, and straddling Sherlock’s chest, fist flying over his own cock.  With a hoarse groan, he came hard, adding to the mess on Sherlock’s face, and even managing a couple of extra spurts when Sherlock dropped his jaw so John could come in his mouth.
Anyway, suffice it to say that as Sherlock's been out all week, it's been very quiet at home… I've been able to do loads of reading, finally finished the latest Dan Brown novel and wished I hadn't bothered… Sherlock of course had taken one look at the cover and told me that I'd hate the ending, but I ploughed my way through anyway.  He's going to be insufferable now.
He found himself editing the way he wrote about Sherlock, and still managing to sound as though he was the man’s submissive little Omega, waiting at home for Sherlock to come home and eat the dinner he’d spent all day preparing.  Which wasn’t too far from the truth, if John thought about it honestly, he did do all the cooking, all the cleaning – apart from the stuff Sherlock left all over the kitchen table, that was.  After the first couple of weeks or so, John didn’t need to tell Sherlock to keep his experiments under control.  The first time John asked him to please “do something about the bag of slime on the top shelf of the fridge, Sherlock, it’s contaminating the bacon,” Sherlock had just grunted and carried on dissecting the toes he had in front of him.  John had left it for two more days, then, while Sherlock was still in bed, he had scooped every unattached body part he could find into a heavy duty plastic bag, then scooped
Bonding is a two-part process, it takes both the sex and the bite for a bond to fully establish.  Sex on its own doesn't trigger any part of the bonding process, but a bite on the bonding gland primes the way, if you like.
John, wrapped up tight in Sherlock’s arms, felt warm and contented, the unrelenting ache had been relieved – for now… Suddenly he began to feel confused, and then he felt
“I popped in to see John this morning, before I came here, he seemed to think he might be allowed home by the end of the week,” Lestrade said, stuffing photographs and papers into the file again.  Sherlock’s face seemed to fall a little.  “That’s good news, isn’t it, Sherlock?”
Mycroft had been in the middle of a meeting with the Vice President of the USA when his assistant entered the room.  He was so surprised that she had interrupted him that he almost raised an eyebrow; she knew the meeting was of the utmost importance as he had finally managed to manipulate the situation so that the Americans would agree to the provisions he had placed in the treaty.  Anthea leaned down to murmur in his ear, “It’s Dr Watson, sir, he’s in labour, and without Sherlock.”  Within moments, the Vice President had been dismissed, and Mycroft was on his way to the hospital, arriving a couple of minutes before John.  He quickly arranged for a private suite, and began filling in the admission paperwork, the cup of tea Anthea had provided from some pretentious hipster café around the corner at his elbow.  Pretentious it might be, but the tea was really very good.  He handed the last of the paperwork over to the admitting nurse, and looked around for Sherlock… who still wasn’t there.  He rang Sherlock’s mobile, but the call just went through to voicemail; he didn’t bother to leave a message.  Another quick phone call later, and Detective Inspector Lestrade had been despatched to bring his errant brother in to attend to his Omega.
Sherlock races to get to the hospital in time, but when he gets there, he discovers Mycroft has already arrived... and that might be more than he can bear.
“I’ll be over on that table,” Sherlock indicated a small table tucked into a dark corner nearby, “keeping an eye out for you.  Try not to pull without me,” he added, in a withering tone of voice, then picked up his drink and stalked over to the table.
*****
John wasn’t sure when Mycroft had developed a sense of humour, but he thought it was around the time he had found out that Sherlock and John were bonded.  Mycroft had certainly stopped interfering quite as much in Sherlock’s life at that point, John suspected it had something to do with the fact that Sherlock had become much less reckless since he had had an Omega to care for.  Mycroft had become much more relaxed, John had never seen him this way before, and he was a little surprised to realise he actually quite liked his brother-in-law.  Mycroft’s sense of humour had developed further when he had found out John was pregnant – or at least, when he had let Sherlock and John
Sherlock snorted, “I would have thought that was obvious John!  I told you the man we were looking for was a repressed homosexual, yet it was obvious that man you were kissing had had at least two long term relationships with men, and a fair number of one night stands as well, a number you were not far from increasing at the rate you were going!”
John looked at Jilly.  “Sherlock?” he asked, waiting for the Sherlock-body next to him to start laughing like a drain and telling him how gullible he was when he was hungover.  Jilly-Sherlock rolled her (his?) eyes, and nodded.
“Sherlock?” John asked, gently.  “What is it, love?  What’s wrong?”  Sherlock turned away, making as though to get up from the sofa, but John laid his hand on Sherlock’s hip, staying his motion.  “Sherlock? Please tell me, love…”
“But John, I
“Do you remember that night I found the petals under your bed?  This was where I was in my head when you came looking for me.  I spent so much time sitting just up there,” John indicated the benches above the shops, “just smelling the beautiful smells that came from this shop…”  They walked further along the street, until they came to the buckets filled with beautifully coloured and scented flowers, and John plucked a rose from the bucket that was such a deep red it could almost be black.  He raised it to his nose and inhaled deeply.  There was a girl arranging carnations in another bucket a little way away, and turning to her, John fished a handful of Euro coins from his pocket, paying for the rose.  He turned back to Sherlock, taking him once more by the hand.
“John?! Are you okay? What’s going on, where is he?”  Lestrade rushed up to John, throwing questions at him, while Sherlock stared, open mouthed.
“Come on Sherlock, what’s all this about?” he asked softly, handing him a tissue.  “What about Mycroft?”  Sherlock blew his nose, and started to shred the tissue, eyes in his lap rather than on Greg’s face, as though he couldn’t bear to look at the other man.
John reacted quickly, leaping over the desk and forcing Anderson into a headlock. He wrenched one of Anderson’s arms back painfully, allowing Sherlock to escape his grip. For a moment, Anderson fought back, until John shoved him to the floor face first, and dropped heavily on his back, knocking the wind from him.
“Yes,” John repeated, already knowing there was another disaster on his horizon.
“It was great, I could see myself doing it again… do you think there’s any way of making a living out of it?”
John’s blue eyes stared directly back into Sherlock’s green ones.
Lestrade nodded encouragingly at John, who started his routine.  He’d spent ages looking up card tricks and other small magic tricks on the internet, and thought he could just about manage to pull a few off, especially since his target audience was only six years old.  He had tried to find a few other tricks he could manage, but as hard as he’d tried, he hadn’t been able to succeed with any of them.  He’d managed to tell Lestrade that he couldn’t do anything too fancy as he didn’t have the right equipment, and Lestrade had assured him that would be fine; six year olds didn’t have a very long attention span so he wouldn’t need to do anything too complicated.  He took a deep breath, and began.
“Doesn’t anyone mind?” asked Sherlock quizzically.
“I’ve got it narrowed down to two people, I’ll know for sure which one it is once I’ve spoken to the second man.”
Twenty-hundred hours: Sherlock knocked softly on John’s door, and without waiting for a response, pushed it open.  John looked up from his work and smiled, his eyes softening as he saw who it was.  Sherlock strode straight over to the desk, leaned over and kissed John hard.  John stood, grabbing Sherlock’s t-shirt in both fists and kissing him back.  He licked at the seam of Sherlock’s lips, demanding entry, which was granted, the kiss becoming more heated and passionate, until John reluctantly straightened, feathering kisses on Sherlock’s lips.
“Right you lot! Time to get your lazy arses out of bed, come on, move it!!” John put on his best Captain’s voice, feigning an authority he wasn’t sure he felt.  A chorus of groans rose from the beds, and heads began appearing from under blankets, sleepy-eyed and slightly anxious.  They’d all arrived late the previous night, and John was sure that none of them had gotten to sleep until the early hours of the morning.  “You have one hour!  That’s sixty minutes, gentlemen, to get showered, shaved, dressed and breakfasted, then I expect to see you on the parade ground at oh-seven-hundred sharp!”  More groans greeted that announcement, and blankets started to be shoved back, feet emerging to be placed on the cold floor.  The young man reading the book hadn’t moved at all.  John decided not to do anything at the moment, except give him the chance to arrive at the parade ground on time.
The phone rang at the moment; John stepped over and picked up the receiver.  As Sherlock listened to the one-sided conversation, he deduced who was calling and why, but affected curiosity.  “Just the receptionist.  Everyone’s gone for lunch, so it’s just the two of us in the building, I’m afraid!”
“There are a lot of guys here,” John said to the spiky haired tattooed girl behind the bar, “am I missing something?”  She grinned as she finished pulling his pint.
“I will,” John replied, and handed the bottle over to Sherlock, who waved it vaguely at Alexander, as though expecting him to reach out and take it.  John chuckled a little, giving Sherlock a couple of tips, and before long, Alexander was happily suckling on his bottle, wide eyes gazing up at his Papa.
“Your what, John?” he asked slowly.
“Sit down, Anderson,” John said, “we just want a quick word.”
John sighed, glanced at the clock on his desk, and buzzed his first patient of the day in.  The morning was the usual round of malingerers, coughs, small children with rashes, with only one interesting case to bring a marginal amount of relief, a young man with some interesting symptoms and a history of foreign travel necessitating a consultation with the Hospital for Tropical Diseases.  John was an efficient worker, and had seen all of the patients on his list 30 minutes before surgery was due to finish, so as he usually did, wandered out to the office to see if there were any emergency patients he could see to lighten his colleagues’ load.
As if he were reading John’s mind, Sherlock rolled his hips from side to side, waving that inviting hole right under John’s nose.  Immediately, John grabbed the lube, smearing a generous dollop onto his fingers.  “Sherlock, you said you’ve never had a prostate exam before, so I’m going to go slowly, it can feel a little invasive.”  He gently rubbed his fingers around the ring of tight muscle, applying a little pressure then backing off.  Sherlock’s hips began to pulse with movement, following John’s, as though he were trying to back himself onto John’s finger.  “Okay, deep breath,” John said, and slowly slid his middle finger into Sherlock’s tight, hot hole.  He was unsurprised to hear a moan come from where Sherlock had buried his head in his arms, and withdrew his finger a little, only to slide it back in again, deeper.  John watched his finger, sliding in and out of Sherlock’s hole, loosening it, preparing it… He adjusted his raging hard cock in his trousers, grateful once again for the looseness of the fit.  He slid the finger all the way out of Sherlock, who popped his head up from the couch, to see what the problem was.  It was only now that John noticed he was only resting on one arm, the other hand buried between his thighs; the rhythmic movement of his balls swinging told John exactly what he was doing.  John pressed his middle and index fingers tightly together, and pushed them slowly into Sherlock’s willing hole; Sherlock pushed back to meet him, and the moans got louder.  John was glad there was nobody else in the building, someone would surely have come to check out the indecent noises coming from his room.  John’s fingers pistoned in and out of Sherlock, the rest of his hand slapping Sherlock’s buttocks, as he moaned and panted beneath John.  When he judged that Sherlock was almost at the point of orgasm, John pulled his fingers out, leaving Sherlock momentarily gaping, and said, “That all seems fine, Sherlock, if you could turn around please?”  A look of confusion and anguish crossed Sherlock’s face, as he struggled to work out what was going on.  He stood upright and turned around, and John pushed him backwards so he was leaning against the couch.  John took his heavy testicles in one still lubricated hand, and his cock in the other.  Understanding dawned on Sherlock, and he looked John in the eye and said one single word – “Please…”
Monday, oh-six-hundred: Captain John H Watson strode purposefully across the camp, glancing up every few steps from the clipboard in his hand – it wouldn’t do to trip up in front of his new charges because he wasn’t paying attention to his surroundings.  He ran his finger down the list of names of the lads coming in; not that he could get much information from the names alone, but one of them caught his eye.  What sort of name was Sherlock Holmes, anyway?  And why would someone with a name that screamed money and privilege be court mandated to attend an army run boot-camp?
When Sherlock and John met six years ago, Sherlock had started a Consulting Detective Agency, and was taking private clients.  He'd solved a couple of cases, enough to know that it was worth continuing on.  He was full of a case that was all over the papers, do you remember the spate of housebreaking in Wandsworth?  An Inspector Dimmock was investigating, Sherlock had seen an interview he'd given that had been reported (wrongly) in the local paper and something about it lit a fire under Sherlock - he apparently rushed off to speak to Dimmock and tell him where he'd gone wrong.  That was when he was killed - some bloke over on holiday in London, used to driving on the other side of the road, got distracted just for a second or two, sped round a corner on the wrong side of the road and hit Sherlock as he was crossing.  He was killed instantly.
