“Alright.”  Sherlock stuffed the jacket under his seat, and set the car in motion.
“YOU? At least you got the last assignment right,” Dom complained. “I was able to turn that cushion into a chicken, but then I couldn’t get it to go back again. My cushion had legs and kept running about.” He twirled his finger about in a circle, and everyone chuckled.
John froze as a throat clearing across the room yanked him from his lust-soaked haze.
He moved his hand back to Sherlock’s hip before blowing lightly across his half-hard cock. A moment later, he felt a puff of air across his own cock, which was showing a decided interest in this game.
“This is ludicrous. We can ask for something else.” Sherlock hadn’t put his bag down.
“The walls are pink,” Sherlock insisted.
“No, come on, let’s go back and get the rest of this out of the way . . .” John broke off looking out the small window behind Sherlock’s shoulder. “What the hell . . .”
“HEY!” John dropped his bag to the floor.
“Erm . . .” Sherlock pushed up to sitting as well, staring at him, inspecting John as though he were some lower life form that had oozed in under the door.
“Sir, sir, Mr. Sigerson, I need to tell you.” They boy jogged down the pavement to catch up to him.
John woke with a gasp, blankets twisted around his legs, and a dark shape looming over him.
John opened his eyes, reaching for him, desperately missing his touch even for the moment’s pause. Finally stripped bare, Sherlock moved in, pulling John against him, skin to skin. They both gasped for a moment, shocked at how good it felt.  Sherlock turned his face toward John, and they were off, mouths smearing together, messy, wild things as they strove to get closer, ever closer. John couldn’t stand the idea of any space left between them.
Sherlock took a drink. He’d had beer a few times before, and liked some of it well enough. This beer though was awful and watery, and Sherlock only swallowed a bit of it to be polite. He set the bottle down on the table.
“And what would that be?” The edges of Sherlock’s blue eyes crinkled as he smiled.
“BROWN, STEPHEN”
The Little Hobbit’s mouth dropped open in surprised. ‘Are you not pleased with my company any longer, O Dragon?’
“Picnic AND study session.” Teddy puffed out his chest. “We might not be as dedicated as the Ravenclaws, but we aren’t just bunking off. Hey, why don’t you join us? We’ve room for one more.”
Sherlock shivered in anticipation. When a case was on, he tended to put off bodily things, but when they were done, his urges came roaring back, demanding to be heard.
“Possibly.” Sherlock might have blushed, but in the low light, it was hard to tell. “I read every book I could get my hands on about smuggling in the area.”
“John’s right, dear, take this.” Mrs. Watson appeared beside them, guided by the blue glow of her mobile, bundling something into Sherlock’s arms. “Right then off we go. Ideas on the best route?”
“Try to cheer up, Sherlock. Most people enjoy having their fondest wishes handed to them.”
“Shit. Let go, Fur.” Lupaza shook off his grip and adjusted some dials on the dash. Miraculously the truck did increase speed slightly.
“Hey.”
“Yeah, sure.” John left the bags in the foyer to be dealt with later and moved down to the kitchen for a drink. The sound of voices from the television stopped him by the small living room, and he pushed the door open, astounded that they had left the telly on.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, grateful when the way cleared and they were able to find seats at the absurdly long table. Sherlock made certainly to find places as far from Mycroft as possible.The courses were interminable, and Sherlock found himself drinking more wine than was wise as Irene chatted amiably with the people around her. Sherlock noticed that no Bajoran servants waited on them, it was Cardassians, and few off-world species only.
“John.” Sherlock reached out as John gathered him in. He clutched at the back of his beloved’s jacket, burying his face in John’s hair.
“Where did you learn to . . .” Sherlock cut himself off. “No, sorry . . .” He realized intellectually that it was highly unlikely John had spent their years apart being celibate. Still, it didn’t mean he wanted to hear the details.
“Come here, you . . . come,” John panted as he plucked at Sherlock with nerveless fingers trying to draw him to his feet.  Sherlock complied, rising to join him.
“I thought you said it was Hamish.” Sherlock allowed the ghost of a smile to twist his lips.
After a moment, John seemed to collect himself. “Well, I’d best go before it gets too late. Those patrols get meaner as the night goes on.”
“How about now? We’ve nothing on today,” Sherlock offered with a shrug.
They stumbled out, necks craned, eyes on at the achingly blue sky and bright noonday sun that spilled down over the farm. A slight sparkle could be seen against the bright azure backdrop where the shield held.
“I’m sorry, John, I don’t want to compromise the investigation until things are nailed down.”
John dropped his duffel to the floor with a resounding thump. He registered vaguely as someone moved to join him in the room. The disgusted sound that growled out behind his shoulder alerted John to the fact that it was indeed Sherlock.
John’s cock lies soft and vulnerable against his thigh, and the sight of it makes Sherlock feel suddenly protective of him.  When John makes a move to leave, Sherlock puts a hand out to stop him. “Please don’t go.”
“What do you want to use from that?”
“A bloke?” Thomas’s mouth dropped open.
“I seduced you. Against your will. God you must HATE me.” John looked ready to cry.
Sherlock found a rhythm, moving his hand over them, pumping both cocks together.
“Oh, that face.” John reached up to run a finger along the untouched lower part of his lip. “I love this face.”
and glanced around the comfortable sitting room. “So you’ve already opened all of these cabinets, then?”
“What?” John’s eyes hadn’t quite focused completely yet. “Call you what?”
The crowd around the playing field roared as a Hufflepuff managed to get a quaffle past Owen into the Gryffindor goal. Damn.  Thankfully the tide changed soon after as Seth and Fatima scored two goals one after the other against the Hufflepuffs. Victoire stopped a bludger from clipping Teddy’s broom, and John laughed out loud as he hit another away from a knot of Gryffindors. They were on fire today, unstoppable! It seemed only a matter of minutes before Teddy scooped the golden snitch out of the achingly-blue sky, and it was all over. Gryffindor had won the Quidditch cup for the year.
“My thoughts exactly.” John grinned and set about replying to his friends, giving a quick, edited account of the weekend.
“Yes, who’s there? State your name and business.”  A disembodied voice demanded tetchily from the speaker in the vestibule.
“I don’t understand . . .” Sherlock began.
“Yes, of course, I’ll let you know.” John swallowed.
century.”
“What are you saying, Sherlock, are you going to join the Resistance? Commit treason?”
“I love you.” John smiled.
In a blur, John was touching, kissing, devouring the true work of art in the room, nearly overwhelmed with having this amazing creature under him at last. God help him, he wasn’t going to last.
“Well, well, well. Out playing in the mud with your little friends instead of studying for exams? THAT won’t get you top marks on the NEWTS.” The voice of Alastaire, a poncy Slytherin and Sherlock’s cousin cut sharply across their banter. Unfortunately, he, along with three block-headed accomplices from Slytherin, stood blocking the corridor in the exact direction they needed to go. Alastaire raked his eyes over the lot of them, sneering as his gaze landed on John.  John rubbed at his cheek suddenly uncomfortably aware of some mud drying there.
The man’s white shirt was rolled to his elbows revealing artfully sculpted forearms so pale the blue of his veins shone through. He scooped out some honey for John to try, passing the plastic spoon over with a hand that was as long and elegant as its owner.
“Good.” John grinned, feeling somewhat giddy until the strain of recent events crept up on him. He swayed slightly. “Christ, I’m tired,” he sighed. "It's been quite a day."
“Damn.” Irene glumly spooned up enchilada casserole from her plate.
“OH, GOD, SWEET JESUS,” John crowed as Sherlock kept up a wordless series of groans.
John had stayed with his friends at the pub until nearly closing. He'd run outside after the "curls and end of a coat" incident, but he hadn’t seen Sherlock anywhere. He half convinced himself that he must have imagined it. He banged several escalating texts into his phone over the course of the night . . .
“It’s up to you, John,” Sherlock said a bit coolly, eyes locked on his screen.
“Yes, I’m rather indebted to your husband working overtime. I doubt I would have come to this concert otherwise . . . thank you.”
“Yes, I suppose so,” John agreed weakly.
“Prophets, yes. Sherlock . . .” John moved in for a quick kiss. It morphed almost instantly into something much more interesting. John shoved things aside to push Sherlock onto his back, climbing over him. “You . . . I’ve thought about you constantly since we last met. Couldn’t get you out of my mind.”
“Alright.” Sherlock paused a moment. “Genius, consulting detective, high functioning sociopath . . . “
“Come on, Teddy, you promised you’d dance with me!” Victoire pulled her boyfriend up from the table, looking eagerly toward the dance floor.
“All right, what’s it say?” John demanded.  “You have to tell.”
“Come on, you can bunk in the infirmary tonight.” She tipped her head toward the door.  “No one’s using it yet.”
John paused to glance over at Sherlock. “You still with me?” Sherlock had closed his eyes, and raised pressed palms to his chin looking like some effigy on a sarcophagus.  He cracked one eye, rumbling something in the affirmative, so John continued.
“Well, perhaps we’ll have time later.”
“No, no, thank you. Prophets bless you,” Sherlock managed to croak.
“Yes, soldier. It seems we have an important visitor who wishes to meet with you today.” Reja's eyes moved to the man.
“He’s hanging out with some other idiots, and they’re drinking too much synth-ale at night, talking shit about how the Resistance isn’t doing enough.” Lupaza rubbed her forehead. “They’re saying we need to really shake things up, do something crazy.”  She flailed her hand in emphasis. “They think burning cities down would move the revolution along faster.”
Sherlock smirked, but allowed John to lead the way to the door.
“Yes, good night,” came the slightly formal response.
“It’s good isn’t it?”
“Well, there’s nothing I haven’t see already,” the man chortled, watching as Sherlock contorted under the covers to work his pants on.  “Come on, luv, why don’t you have a shower first? Nothing like a bit o’ hot water to set things right again.” He tipped his head toward the loo.
“Is there a station there?” Molly asked, tilting her head.
“Mark that lizardskin up!”
“You said you kicked the bigger guard. Don’t you think you should have gone for the smaller one, or was it just an accident?”
“Oh, yes, baby, you beautiful thing.” John kissed wherever he could reach, petting over him as the man lay panting open-mouthed against him.
pulls me to simpler times.
Molly obligingly lightened the windows for a moment to wave. Irene sucked in a breath at the sight of the three Bajorans passed out over the back seats. Molly set the windows dark again as a woman walking a pet approached them on the pavement.  She glanced at Sherlock’s black uniform, and averted her eyes, hurrying past.
Molly had a class near John’s next one and they walked together across the campus.
“Whoa!” John said, just managing to save his juice. "Yes, to Gryffindor victory!" He smiled, raising his glass to clink against Vic's.
“Of course not, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to pry.”
“Whatever for?” Sherlock folded down a corner of the Wizarding World News he was reading to better peer at the mail in John’s hands.
Raking long fingers through his tangled curls, Sherlock smirked, "The inside of the envelope John."
“JOHN, going to . . .”
“He wasn’t actually a friend of your wife’s.”
Sherlock and Irene were shown to adjoining rooms. Sherlock gave his accommodations a quick search after the porter dropped off his case, leaving Irene to settle in next door. A small sitting area led to a large cushy-looking bed behind a sliding partition. A door lay beyond that opened into a tiled bathroom with an in-ground tub. As far as he could see, it was snooping-device free, but he could be wrong.
“I used to be so intimidated by this house,” John said.
The bedroom had a tidy, blank feeling like any guest room, a plain white coverlet over the double bed, but as John looked closer he could see what few possessions lay in the room were decidedly Sherlockian in nature. Small bones, round pebbles, and pinecones lay artfully arranged on top of some bookshelves stuffed with volumes on all manner of subjects.
“Ooh, brilliant.” Irene leaned across John toward Sherlock. “You can let the study group know what we can expect then.”
“Mate, you haven’t lived until you’ve seen Little Mix in concert. The blonde one with the legs . . .” Owen trailed off wistfully.
“You know, it’s alright if Clara comes along as well.”
John put the windows down on his drive back, humming along with the radio as he headed home, eager to see Sherlock again. Surprise washed over him when he found the truck gone, and a sleek black town car in its place in the garage. Wondering if Sherlock had been seized by the impulse to buy yet another new vehicle, John let himself in the front door, calling hello. When no replies were forthcoming, John made his way back to the kitchen thinking a spot tea and a biscuit would be just the thing. He was surprised again to find a refined-looking man in a three piece suit already at the table sipping a cup of tea, a posh platter of pastries at his elbow that certainly hadn’t been in the house that morning.
“Philippe actually passed away three months ago. I think it’s why Grand-mère succumbed so quickly. She didn’t want to stay here without him.” Sherlock dropped his eyes to his hands now gripping the sides of the counter.
(See the end of the chapter for
, written by ChrisCalledMeSweetie and
Everyone seemed to agree that Cross Keys was it, and talk turned to football scores on the blokes’ side of the table, and some telly series he wasn’t following on the girls’ side. John was left sitting in the middle, alternately glancing around the dining hall and scowling at his food. Sherlock hadn’t replied to the text he’d sent out earlier either.
“Sherlock, where are you? I can hardly see.”
“What, me with my shoulder . . . and leg?” It was John’s turn to be incredulous.
“Fuckin’ hell. WOO!”
John looked up to see Maria Morstan and her new Hufflepuff boyfriend, Seamus Braden, waiting to pass.
“You know, I wouldn’t put it past him to have it mean exactly that. Anyone who would stock a nightstand with—”
“Um, ten,” John breathed.
When they settled down to sleep, cleaned and dressed for bed, John sighed, gathering Sherlock closer.
“It isn’t chilled,” Sherlock said.
Later, when John went off in search of the loo, Sherlock found a back door, and slipped outside to a patio. Someone had spelled it to keep out the cold weather, and just as he’d hoped, a number of people gathered in the warm, chatting, and smoking. It was but a moment’s work to smile charmingly, and beg a fag from a sweet little Witch with mousy brown hair. Sherlock stood to the side and sucked greedily at the smoke, gratefully letting it fill him, washing his thoughts clean at each puff. He was feeling much calmer until someone cleared their throat meaningfully behind him. His shoulders tensed immediately.
“Those bastards,” John growled again.
Greetings lovelies! Sorry to take so long with another update. Sometimes pesky life gets in the way of fic writing - how very dare. I couldn't leave you all waiting TOO long though, wondering what happened with Victor. I adore playing with the character of Victor Trevor, and had so much fun imagining the lovely Idris Elba starring in all of his scenes. Hope you have fun with it too!
Sherlock directed rather than explained, helping John to rise, and pushing his half-done plate of breakfast aside to urge John to lie over the sturdy wooden table.
“I know, I know,” Lupaza muttered, increasing the speed of the car to something a bit disconcerting as they bounced over ruts in the road. “We need to get some distance behind us first.”
“God, yes.” Sherlock sighed as he popped his own seatbelt open.
The last time John had visited the summer house, it had been situated in his mother’s back garden due to Sherlock’s clever magic.  While they could easily walk anywhere about the house, the beach beckoning from the windows remained maddeningly out of reach, still far away in Greece.
“Please don’t go. Stay.” Sherlock’s face was soft in the fading light.
“John, have another sausage. For Godsake, I’m not going to eat all this by myself.”
“No, I supposed I didn’t.” John shook his head, surveying the food they’d managed to spill across the floor. Despite the cleanup they had before them, he decided it had been worth it.
table?” Mycroft dipped a spoon angrily into his tiny bowl of yogurt. “It’s unseemly.”
Sherlock's shoulders sag. "Very well. We could pretend that you're Sherlock Holmes and I'm John Watson, and that you know nothing of sex whatsoever, and I, Three Continents Watson, must instruct you."
“Yes, yes, God, yes.”
“No, I’m not sick. It’s just that Alastaire Holmes is the Slytherin seeker, and from a distance, well, he looks just like Sherlock. I kept seeing him out of the corner of my eye, and  . . . it threw me.”
“Damnit” Sherlock growled as they reached the center, bursting through the front door.
Sherlock’s tension evaporated. He gave John a quick kiss. “Right. But what
Naavi took to the soil reclaimator like a water fowl to a lake, figuring out the remote controls, and how to set it running.  They put the big machine to work on the nearest barren field that day, watching as it hummed, skimming over the dirt, eliminating toxins. Over the next few days, they took turns overseeing the running of it, making sure it ran in straight lines as it covered the fields.  It gave Sherlock a warm feeling in the pit of his stomach just to see the progress being made, something good from the ruin.
“God, Mrs. Hudson spoils us.”
John frowned looking back and forth between them. “Did you do a vision quest? I didn’t know that was happening.”
Their feet crunched across the gravel, Sherlock’s keys jingling as he got them out for the door.
Sherlock muted the rest of the vid, feeling ill. “I didn’t think they’d go through with it.”
“In a game of chess, pawns are often sacrificed for the overall good of the game.” Mycroft sniffed.
“What did you do?”
Somehow the beautiful man guessed he had just gotten back from service and was staying with a relative. It was amazing. For the first time since he’d come back to England, he felt like someone was actually seeing him. It was as if the edges that had gone all blurry on him were finally coming back into focus.
“Actually I haven’t been working at all recently. I just returned from time in France,” Sherlock said in a rush.
The man agreed, reluctantly, and pulled the cab back into the flow of traffic. Sherlock was let off close to the Bajoran quarter. The bar was next to a number of businesses closed for the day, and only a small, discreetly lit pink sign by the door reading “Gizelle’s” announced its presence.
“Jean, this is Marie, my right hand.”  Grand-mère Holmes gestured to the pleasant-looking middle-aged woman busy piling biscuits onto a plate.
As soon as the door downstairs closed, Sherlock darted over to pluck up the letter Mycroft had left behind. He plopped into his chair, tearing open the envelope to unfold the paper within.
John delighted at all the voices that Sherlock put on for the various characters. “You know you’re right good at that. Might want to consider a career on the stage if we ever get off this island.”
“Hello?” Sherlock called out, his voice surprisingly loud, echoing in the hollow space. When no answer came, he decided John must be running late again.
“Shh. Stop thinking so much.” Sherlock gathered him back in.
“Alright.” Sherlock nodded. “Thank you.”
The birds snuffed out instantly, leaving them alone in the dark.
“Netsuke, primarily but other small objects d’art as well.”
John smiled. “Thank you, sir.”
“What are you all nattering on about? Spit it out or leave us in peace,” Sherlock huffed.
“Good trip?” Mr. Holmes asked, patting Sherlock on the back as he attempted to take his case from him.
"Yeh, I've been at Berkin and Quirk since March."
“Harry, I’m so sorry . . .”
“Fine. How are things down at the fire ring?” Sherlock raked his eyes over John. He looked exhausted.
The small room lit up as Mrs. Watson located her mobile and thumbed it on. “You boys stay here and stay down. I’m going to make a phone call.” After getting affirmations from the two of them that they wouldn’t budge, John’s mum slipped back out into the dark.
“No.”Sherlock shifted uncomfortably on his seat. “No, I haven’t played in years.”
“Want you too,” John said as he pushed Sherlock on to his back, working his way down Sherlock’s belly, desperate to have that hot cock in his own mouth.
“Yes, I know,” John said, pushing a spoon his way. “Eat it. You hardly had any dinner last night. I don’t want you wasting away on me.”
“No, we need to eat. Lunch first, then we can go.”
“Come on, let’s go have lunch. We’ll think of something else later.”
John was standing with his mouth hanging open when Sherlock burst into the hallway, his face dark with fury. “Come on, John, we’re leaving.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Pleasure.” Sherlock leaned in to shake the man’s hand.
“Alright.” Sherlock felt decidedly unraveled already, slumping deeper into his chair.
“How did you know I was a soldier?” John stiffened again in surprise.
It wasn’t very complicated magic. With just a few words, and a pass of his wand, the translation spell settled over John.
“Thanks. And what do you do?” John found his manners running on auto pilot.
“Does it work?”
“He used dress up like a grandmother under a veil to sneak out of his parents’ house when we were kids.”
“I’ve heard good things about you, son. Quite the promising young man, aren’t you?”
“Cloaking field is activating,” the computer informed them as the line on the screen turned solid.
“Yeah, we had quite the show this morning,” John said wryly.
“Oh, baby, are you alright?” Victoire dropped the game in an instant, rushing down to join Teddy who now sat rubbing an ankle.
“I agree.” Sherlock smiled. It was good to see John looking like
John bit his lip, adjusting to the pressure, mmm good, as fingers returned to his arse, pushing in, rocking, rocking. The pleasure washed over him but his shoulder was starting to shake holding his weight. John felt a whine building behind his teeth.
It was Teddy who had shushed everyone. “Now, enough you lot. Nothing to see here. Sort your own knickers, please.”
The spanking resumed, not hard, but not just for show either. Smacks alternated on each of John’s buttocks until he was writhing against the mattress, seeking any sort of friction for his throbbingly hard erection.
“Thanks, Mum.”
After lunch, John suggested playing some board games, and Sherlock readily agreed. They played a game of chess where Sherlock promptly beat the pants off of John, and suitably cheered, agreed to a few rounds of Scrabble where they decided any word was acceptable if they could make a good enough argument for it.
John blew out a breath, and raked his fingers back through his hair.  It was nearly lunchtime and his stomach gave a warning rumble in anticipation.  John had had a horrible time all morning trying to keep his mind on his classes. He kept replaying his weekend with Sherlock over and over reliving particularly key moments. John thought about the way Sherlock had squeaked so delightfully when John had sucked on his toes. A small smile spread over his face at the memory of what they'd done right AFTER that. Sleeping without Sherlock last night had been a right misery. John didn’t know what was worse, getting used to no Sherlock for weeks on end, or seeing him on a too-short trip and then needing to acclimatize to a lack of Sherlock all over again. He sighed deeply.
“Good morning, I’m Dr. Watson.”
“I got your cider, Sherlock,” John said, “but I see you already have a drink.” John threw his shoulders  back, seeming to double in size as he glared at the stranger.  “Would you mind removing your hands from my boyfriend, please?”  His voice had shifted to something heavy and low, and the man dropped Sherlock’s hand instantly.
“Uh huh.” John licked his lips. His cock jutted out before him, eagerly awaiting whatever Sherlock had in store for him.
“Of course.” Sherlock nodded once.
“Yes, I meant to ask, did the prednisolone help with the hip?”
“Of course. Wouldn’t miss it.” Molly smiled.
“True, I’m sorry about that.” John smiled into his riot of fluffy curls. “But I’m here now.”
“Let’s talk about it inside,” John said with a grimace. “And Owen? Let’s not ever get four bottles of booze for two people again.”
“Oh, yes of course,” Sherlock said.
“Either?” John asked, propping up on an elbow to keep his face in focus.
“Oh, really?” Molly brightened.
“A blind supper.”
“Hello there.” Sherlock smiled down at him. “Are you back with me?”
“John, don’t you see? It won’t
“It is, isn’t it?”
“Thank you.” Sherlock followed the man to a back office where an open laptop waited on the desk.
“I know, John. I know. It’s just  . . . so much going on. All this.” Sherlock lifted a shoulder helplessly as if that explained the entirety of the Cardassian occupation on Bajor. “Ask me again later. When things are settled, when this war is over. Ask me then.”
“Yeah. They’re mostly meant to be silly, I guess. But really, you can write whatever you want.”
When a band of dwarves came to the shire looking for someone join their quest, the Little Hobbit was the first to volunteer. The dwarves told him they sought an enchanted jewel, one that resided in a citadel beneath the ground in their ancestral home, a place guarded by a fierce dragon. Armed with only his wits and a small sword, the Hobbit traveled with the dwarves for many days and nights through inhospitable landscapes and unspeakable dangers to reach the dragon’s lair.
“Hold on!” Lupaza cried a bit too late over her passengers' curses.
“Until you met me at the Farmers’ Market?” John tamped down a smile.
“Look, Sherlock, I’m not sure if I can do this.”
“Oooh, fancy that,” Dom said. “You could go see Fiji or something.”
“It isn’t nothing. This could turn septic if it isn’t treated properly. Luckily, I have something . . .” Sherlock trailed off as he moved to search through one of his bags. He dug for a moment before pulling out the tube of medical cream he wanted. John sat up, wrapping his arms around his knees, presenting his back to him.
It was pretty watching them sway together, the dark somber wear paired with the flashy bright. One of the Cardassians reached out and swatted the arse of another man’s Bajoran partner, and they all laughed. It struck Sherlock then how wrong this was, a perversion of affection bought and paid for. Who knew what the Bajorans really thought about all this. Sickened, Sherlock took a long pull off his drink, forgetting how awful it tasted. He grimaced.
“Are you alright?” Sherlock moved back.
“Wait, just  . . .” John reared back to reach a drawer on the bedside table.
“Good-bye , John.”
“Yes. God, yes.” John’s grin felt like it might split his face in two.
Sherlock looked about the room filled with all the normal things for the afternoon hour except the one thing he most wanted to see. “Where’s John? I saw him come up.”
It was a relief beyond measure to sink himself into Sherlock’s kiss, letting the rest of the day melt away as they moved to the bed. John’s towel soon migrated to the floor as Sherlock’s fingers made their clever way smoothing down John’s hip. When his hand closed around John’s erection, he groaned in pleasure.
“Christ, I know we had a huge lunch, but that’s the most walking I’ve done in months. I’m starving.”
The car took him out of town to a warehouse, driving inside a tall garage door. Once it had sealed behind him, the man who had addressed him got out to open his car door. “If you’ll come this way, sir?”
They lapsed into a companionable silence, sharing the rum back and forth between them until it was finished.
“Oh, yes, oooh . . . unnff.”  John bit his lip as the pleasure shook through him.
were wondering if you’d like to join us . . .”
“Okay, night, John.” Mike waved him off.
John, Naavi and Lupaza, were grouped around the table set for breakfast. They looked up as he entered. John stood, moving to Sherlock’s side instantly. He went up on the balls of his feet to press a quick kiss to Sherlock’s mouth.
“Very well. How nice to meet you.”  She smiled, setting a heavy ceramic plate of biscuits before them with a small clink.
“ John, are you two busy? Do you want to join us?” She smiled guilelessly up at him.
“I’ll be the penetrator. We’ll try stretching your skin first, see how that goes  . . . if you don’t mind.”
“Don’t take too long,” Sherlock called to Anderson’s retreating back.
“But you’re my family now, so he is too.”
“Never mind,” John said, reaching out to tug the edge of Sherlock’s sleeve. “Come with us. I’ve hardly seen you at all lately.”
“Hang on.” John insisted, digging in his heels. “I’m not going anywhere till you tell me what’s going on!”
“Come on, John” Sherlock tugged on his arm as Mycroft winked out. “I can’t wait to get you out of that hideous robe.”
“We don’t have a map or a GPS device, but we can still determine our coordinates,” Sherlock said, making a beeline for his lab when the door whooshed open.
“I’ll get new bracelets,” Sherlock said in a rush. “I’ll go out first thing tomorrow . . .”
Sherlock snatched off the paper to reveal “A Compendium of Herbs and Their Uses.” He rifled through the pages. He already had a copy of the guide, but this seemed to be the latest edition. It wasn’t a cheap book by any means.
When they finally broke for air, John laughed for the sheer joy of it. “You’re here.”
John scooted to the front door as fast as he could. His first thought was Herr Moser’s.  Having been there before gave him a picture, and he managed to apparate outside the front of the shop. The place was busy on a Saturday morning, and a bell tinkled loudly as he pushed through the door. John moved past the customers browsing the potions and lotions to reach the counter.
“Custard pie,” The waitress chirped brightly, returning with their food. She leaned over to brush her breast against John’s arm as she set the dessert in front of him. Absent-mindedly she dropped the slice of apple pie near Sherlock with a clatter. “And some extra napkins if you need them.”  She winked as she moved in further to deposit a folded napkin in John’s lap.
“I’m curious about something…”
John blew a rude noise. “Who cares about what’s allowed? We make our own rules. That’s the whole point about being in the Resistance.”
John let his mouth wander, devouring along the line of Sherlock’s neck, licking over his chest down to the treasure trail of sparse hair until he found himself presented with Sherlock’s hard, weeping erection without quite meaning to have arrived there. Happy enough with his destination, though, John slipped the tip of Sherlock’s cock into his mouth, humming as he swallowed him down.
“Oh, I can think of one or two things.” John smiled, swinging a leg over to settle on top of him. He leaned in to lay a kiss to Sherlock’s sparkly forehead. “Hey, have I told you how proud I am of you?”
“Wow, did you make this, John?” Harry appeared to peer at the berry trifle in John’s arms.
“You want me to double cross the Resistance.” Sherlock frowned. “Why would I do that?”
“Brilliant!” John grinned.  “I can’t wait to get to the beach!”
“Make noise for me, John, make noise and I’ll let you come.”
“I dunno, I played rugby in uni. Don’t know if that defines me.”
they took a break for lunch — eating being another thing that Sherlock found himself glad to do to make John happy — and then popped
John cleared his throat loudly.
The woman smiled, shaking her head as she left them, pulling the door closed.
You managed to parlay it into a career, but your need to feel wanted, and yes, your addictive love of danger led you to the latest war zone, and here we are.” Sherlock held up a hand with a flourish. He waited, bracing for John’s reply.
“Certainly, sir,” his minder said, falling into step to follow.
“It’s a safe assumption.” Sherlock nodded. “But this time, we can bring the laptop, and use the light from the screen as a makeshift torch.”
One of the cumtoys, the bleached blonde, was up on her knees servicing a customer. The man reached over to squeeze one of her small upright tits and she moaned a terribly canned sound. He fumbled with his flies, releasing his turgid cock as he tugged the girl by her chain up against the low wall. He urged her to take his erection into her painted mouth. She opened wide, and allowed the length of him to slide past her candy-apple red lips. The man grabbed a handful of her short hair to hold her in place as he fucked her face. She choked on it, saliva running down her chin, but kept up, letting him slide his tool down her throat while others watched hungrily, hands on their crotches waiting their turn. Irene winced a bit in sympathy, watching as the woman gagged at the cock pounding in to her, and made her way closer to the second penny whore.
“No, of course not, come on in.” John smiled, and held the door open.
“I wonder if you might be free later, lovely,” the man drawled.
“I’ll let Irene know. She’ll be so pleased to hear.” Molly flashed a smile as she reached out to select a doza. “Thank you, Sherlock, really.”
“You’d rather we drove right into the Spoonheads’ hands?” Lupaza wrenched the truck to the side to avoid a rather large pothole.
“John, if this is some guilty throwback to hetero-normative conventions, you don’t need to take me out simply because you’ve taken girlfriends to dinner in the past, nor do you need to make expensive purchases to prove that you’ll be a good provider if we chose to pair bond.”
“You know, I haven’t found your family to be awful at all,” John said. “I’ve quite liked them, in fact.”
The restaurant turned out to be a cozy affair with white fairy lights twinkling around the edges. The place was doing a good business at lunchtime, but they managed to find a table for four after only a short wait.
“Mmmm, feels good.” John arched his back deeply, bringing them into better contact.
“What is it?” Sherlock turned.
“Oh, when I met you, I thought you were prefect,” Sherlock said, eyes shining. “Very fit.”
John made a snuffling sound, and tried to burrow deeper into the pillows and Sherlock’s shoulder. It was so utterly adorable, Sherlock had to roll onto his side and kiss John’s face repeatedly until John surrendered his claims to sleep and woke properly. He blinked his beautiful deep blue eyes open, and smiled as if the sun had risen for him alone when he saw Sherlock’s face.
“No, it isn’t okay.” John licked his lips. “Sherlock, I’m not ashamed of us. I wouldn’t want to hide us if we ever . . . once we were back in London.”
“Does that make you my Lemon Verbena?” Sherlock quirked a smile.
“Don’t mind if I do.” John dropped carefully to the rock, stretching out beside him.
“Oh, alright.”
“John.” Sherlock could barely make out his features in the gloom of the alley, but he could see well enough to rain grateful kisses over John’s forehead, cheeks and chin before finding his way back to his mouth again.
“Bollocks!” Sherlock cried. “You KNEW we had the house this week. Why you had to come stick your overly-long nose . . .”
“Yeah, right, where to?”
“Hell,” Lupaza said simply.
It would be like a big slug of Elixir of Euphoria if you'd drop a note my way if you enjoyed the latest chapter! :D
“AUNT LILY.” Sherlock’s face had flushed hotly.
Sherlock snuggled closer. “I just wanted to spend time with you.”
“Harry, keep your voice down,” John snapped.
John got into the surgery just in time to see his least favorite patient. He counseled Mr. Stanwell as best as he could, steering him away from his disease of the week, and suggested again that laying off the cream teas, and taking up a light exercise routine might not go amiss. It was a relief when the visit was over.
“Not too much. I mean we’ve gotten a few second glances, and one wanker whispered ‘Poofters’ at us as we were coming back from dinner one night holding hands. I thought Sherlock was going to beat him into the ground. I literally had to hold him back. Scared the hell out of the git.” John chuckled. “But beside that, naw, no worries.”
“Well, that’s a bald-faced lie that Sherlock’s talked about us, but so politely done. I think we’ll just have to keep you.” Mrs. Holmes threaded her arm into John’s, urging him along with her.
“Oh no, I’ll come, hang out in the back. Read something on my phone.” John shrugged.
The Gryffindors glanced uncomfortably back and forth at each other around the hole that John had left at the table. The straight boys had no problem with John and Sherlock dating, but it sometimes slipped their minds that the two were more than friends until they walked in on them snogging, or got swept up into a little domestic like this.
John was inside sat on top of the man in the gorilla suit minus the mask, holding him in a headlock.  He grinned wildly when the police arrived to handcuff the alleged smuggler despite the large mark that was beginning to darken the side of his face.
It was much later, turning dark when they decided they might just put on clothes and go look for food after all. Sherlock’s building sat in a fully magical neighborhood, and there were loads of Wizarding restaurants around to chose from. Sherlock suggested one that he’d had lunch at a few times with others from the workshop, and John readily agreed. Sherlock rifled through his chest of drawers as John knelt to dig a Wizard robe from his rucksack on the floor.
Sherlock was sure he looked a right disaster, red cock straining out of the top of his pants, his clothes rucked aside while John knelt on the bed still fully clothed. Christ, they still had their
The Little Hobbit’s mouth dropped open in surprised. “Are you not pleased with my company any longer, O Dragon?”
kissed you.”
“No worries, Mycroft.”
“I’m going to miss you, John,” Sherlock said in a small, pinched voice beside him.
“Yeah, I know.” The idea of saying good-bye felt like a visceral pain deep in John's chest.
“Sorry, mate, but I’ve never been more serious.” John bit his lower lip.
“No, don’t take the bag.” Victor stopped him. “Guest bedroom’s in here. Might as well leave it.”
“Yeah, alright, still I don’t really want to be a kept man.”
“Yeah, no. Well, Mike’s out and I need help to . . .” John waved toward the door.
“Yeh, well, Tom and I aren’t seventeen until November,” Dom said, “and Teddy’s birthday is April.”
The Little Hobbit pulled up his courage by the boot straps, stood tall and read in a quavering voice “I am a very, naughty little hobbit, and I need to be spanked.”
“Yup. It’s mandatory. Sorry.” Sarah smiled wryly.
As “Help Me Ronda” started playing, John pulled Sherlock up into an impromptu dance. They wiggled and twisted and shimmied wildly around the room, singing along. When the song ended, they collapsed together on the sofa, laughing.
“Well, then, the rules are wrong!”
“Mmmmm, god.” John bit at his lower lip again. “Please.”
“Relax,” John whispered. “You’re the only one I’ve ever bedded here.”
“Yes, sir?” John hated the way his heart leapt up into his throat.
Hmm… Now what could that mean?
My fellow intern is an idiot. For the love of Merlin. Do they not teach the students in the States basic magic working? She nearly burned the potions workshop down this afternoon.
“Oh, I’m so sorry, guys,” Victoire said, flapping a hand. “Ignore them, they’re idiots." She motioned toward the forest where the giggling horde had vanished. "Tell Teddy, tell him . . .” Victoire simply waved when she couldn’t think of what to say, and pivoted on her foot to escape into the bushes after her friends.
“You’ve had at least twenty sexual partners.” Came somewhat muffled from John’s belly.
“It’s simple, John. I’ve been working undercover for the Obsidian Order all this time, since the promotion. Mycroft found out what I was doing. He gave me a choice, face court martial or continue helping the Resistance, but to his specifications. What could I do?  I was finally able to get my hands on some real supplies, real weapons . . . aircraft.”
Eyes, closed, Sherlock began moving their way.  John felt a burst of excitement coursing through him. He realized how much he wanted to be caught, but for Olivia’s sake he kept out of Sherlock’s reach, leading the man around the pool until Sherlock decided to turn and grab Olivia’s leg as she shrieked.
“I believe your sister imagines I’m taking you off to be butchered.” Sherlock’s eyes flickered over the rear view mirror.
“Eeewww!”
“I’m not a worker. This isn’t for me.” Irene waved a hand indicating the shabby room, a pair of heavily-painted women smoking at another table, and all of it beyond.
“How about Operation?”
In an instant, Sherlock had popped up from the kitchen table where he’d been sitting to move toward his bedroom. His eyes remained glued to his laptop as he stumbled to his bed, groping in the bedside table for a tube of lubricant he kept there.  Sherlock drank in the sight of the writhing Omega pistoning several fingers into his sopping wet hole as he shucked his pants and trousers to lay down on his bed.
“Now all I can think about is prawn rolls, you big prat.” John knocked his knee against Sherlock’s. “I’m starving all of a sudden.”
“So he’s in Germany all next year.” Tom  continued. “You know there’s a Wizarding school not too far from Heidelberg  you could always transfer to, Schwarzwald-Institut, if you wanted to be closer.”
“No, Mum, thanks. We’ll be fine,"  John assured her.
“Ten,” Sherlock said, pulling back to meet John’s eyes. “I hardly had a chance to get to know him before I was off to Hogwarts. Though, he’s hardly worth spending any time getting to know. I tried at first, you know, before I realized he has the personality of bread mold, and moved on to more worthwhile projects.”
“Lazy,” John teased, returning with several slightly-squashed presents to add to the pile.
“There’s no need.” Sherlock shook his head sadly. “I have no intention of informing this lunatic of your whereabouts. Look, do you have a pen and paper?”
“John, I have some news.” Sherlock licked his lips, struggling to think clearly. “There’s a place I found, it has weapons, and aircraft. They’ll be doing maintenance on the security next Eighth-day. I have a schemata of the building . . .”
Eventually Sherlock dropped the stack of papers into his lap, “As I expected, PTSD, suicidal thoughts, trust issues, nightmares, borderline abusive childhood, you are potentially a danger to the public. Nothing I hadn’t already worked out.”
They fell asleep with limbs entwined, breathing in the scent of each other, and the smell of them combined. Morning came all too soon with a bright light filtering in through the one small window, and a knock at the door.
“Excuse me, is this seat taken?”
“You’ll have to make sure Teddy stays in line though. Keep an eye on him. They have gorgeous women in Costa de la Luz.”  Mrs. Potter dropped a cheeky wink before glancing down the table to where Teddy sat shoveling in a large bite of something in cream sauce.
“Doctoring, no?” Sherlock waved the idea away. “That would involve
“God, I don’t know. I don’t.” John’s eyes remained tightly closed as he furrowed his brow, eyebrows nearly meeting.
“What else do you know about 69?”
John pounced on Sherlock, pushing him back over the carpet as he straddled his hips, bending over him to search his face.
“I am as well, you know,” Sherlock said when they finally parted.
“You want to come, don’t you?”
“John, I’m sorry you were raised by Muggles.”
Sherlock sent him a pointed glare, but the man seemed determined to gawk, leaning against the wall to fix him with those lovely, dark blue eyes.
Sherlock and John made for the dance floor, dancing another set of songs all in a row, gyrating and sweating happily until John couldn’t have cared less about strange men in shadows. Olivia shared a few dances with them until her mother called her away for bed. They stopped at the bar for another round of whisky before dancing again, repeating the procedure until John had completely lost track of exactly how much spirits they’d poured down their throats.
won't be enough for John.
“Right, you’re big on school spirit, I can tell.”
Sherlock cocked an eyebrow, and took a swallow of water, waiting.
“What’s a Cornetto?” Sherlock backtracked to peer over his shoulder.
The bouncer at the employee door hardly glanced at Irene’s face, letting his eyes roam over her tight, barely-there dress instead, and she easily pushed past him into the back hallway. It didn’t take much effort to find the break room.
“You know, we could have had this door open by now if you’d just do it yourself.”
Finally, it was time. Sherlock binned his cup, found John’s arrival gate, and stood, nerves pinging waiting for the portkey to arrive.
“Oi?” John’s eyebrows shot up.
“Brilliant!” Victoire called flashing John a bright smile. John couldn’t remember the last time he’d felt this happy.
Sherlock turned on a small lamp by the bed, leaving the rest of the room in shadow. Silently they stripped down to tee shirts and pants, and crawled under Sherlock’s duvet to the bed that was thankfully big enough for two. Sherlock turned out the light, and they lay side by side like fish on ice at the grocer’s until John reached out and stroked a hand down Sherlock’s side. He could see both of their heartstone bracelets glowing in the dark like fireflies.
“I know I am.”
John nods weakly. With his right hand free, he flexes his fingers and brushes them against Sherlock’s cheek.
They climbed back up to the tunnel, Sherlock entered first and got up easily, then reached back to help pull John up.
It quickly became apparent to John as they neared that the house that it was much larger than he had first suspected. An extension obviously added on later than the original structure stretched away along the back of the place. More bees darted contentedly about the bougainvillea hanging from a trellis along a side wall.
“I won’t go.” The Little Hobbit shook his head and stood up, bringing himself to his tallest height, which next to a dragon was hardly anything at all. “I won’t leave you. Don’t you know, where you are
“You like that don’t you, you dirty boy?” John crooned, stubbornly continuing to slide himself along the outside of Sherlock’s hole, though Sherlock squirmed back against him, trying desperately to get John to mount him properly.
John’s hands moved to part his opened shirt, weaving magic in their wake as they smoothed over his chest, grazing his nipples to move down his sides. He continued mouthing along Sherlock’s goosebumped skin, until he hit trousers. John leaned back, a look of pure awe on his face as his fingers went to work unbuckling his belt, popping open the button. He shoved Sherlock’s trousers down just enough to reach his straining briefs.
“Yes, uuuungh.” Sherlock brain went off line as John caressed him.
“I don’t like it.” John crossed his arms over his chest. “I’m telling Mum.”
With a cry, Sherlock came, pumping his release over his hand. On screen, the Omega reached his climax as well, his small cock spurting a thin, clear fluid as he twitched and jerked around the dildo. Johnny sighed as the tremors stilled, his face finally soft and peaceful.
“And she kept bees?” John asked.
“Yeah, bout what?” John breathed in, clearly trying to wake himself.
“Um, ten.” John’s voice was already sluggish.
“Pardon?”
“God,” John breathed out reverently, eyes closed, mouth open.
“Good.” Imogene glanced fondly down at the nuzzling puppies.
John watched him with eyes gone liquid as he sat back in his seat. “So . . .
As John’s fingers pushed at the tiles, one swung easily away from the wall, revealing the shallow recess inside.
“I assure you, it does. Why don’t you read the next bit?”
Shakaar laughed and reached out to pound Sherlock on the back. “John, I like your friend. He’s honest. I’ll give him that.”
“Erm, Harry . . .” John shifted nervously. “We just came by to pick up my stuff. I’m moving in with Sherlock.”
“It’s not true,” John sputtered. “Reese attacked Sherlock. He was only defending himself!”
Sherlock's lips twitched in amusement, “If we must.” He said, feigning nonchalance, but he seemed just as eager as John when they scrambled down the cliff face to the sandy beach below.
“What?”
It lay undisturbed in the corner of the main room where it had obviously sat for many years. A flat, metal disc hung on the wall, a phrase in Bajoran from the Book of the Prophets embossed around the edges, “Although there be flow and change, in time, all things are one.” The low brazier surrounded by mats for kneeling greeted them as they settled in. John lit the fire in the metal bowl. He wasn’t the oldest gathered, Lupaza had several years on him, but Sherlock supposed he was the rightful head of household as owner of the farm. Once the fire died down, John threw a handful of incense he’d found in a nearby cupboard nearby across the burning coals. Sweet smoke rose to wreathe around their heads.
“John . . .”
Like a prayer, John opened wide to receive the length of him into his mouth. He relaxed his throat, losing himself utterly in a universe that was nothing but the heft of this cock on his tongue, the musky smell of his lover laced with the sweet of honey, and the movement of them together, pushing and pulling, divine clockwork. Sherlock swelled even further, giving a strangled gasp as the only warning before the salty gush of Sherlock’s orgasm filled his mouth. John swallowed reverently, pulling back to lick him clean as Sherlock’s pulses came to an end.
“Cheers!” John moved to touch the rim of his glass to Sherlock’s.
Sure enough, a quick knock on her door had her mellifluous tones trilling “Come in.”
“What? Oh, yeah, of course.” John made his way upright, clambering awkwardly over his pregnant mate to fetch the abandoned shopping bags on the floor.
Sherlock fiddled with own bag, placing it on a chest of drawers against a far wall. He turned around, and stopped as he caught sight of John on the bed, an odd look passing over his face.
The sun shone cheerfully through the thin curtains, sparkling on the glass beads hung in the window for protection, and illuminating all the gold highlights in John’s hair as he leaned over his food. Sherlock reached for another slice of bread and for a moment, all seemed right with the world. The fact that Sherlock was still dressed in Bajoran women’s clothes and had stayed out all night without his parents’ permission seemed like the distant buzz of an insect, hardly worth his attention. John poured him another cup of tea, and their easy talk turned to ideas about what they might do the next weekend that wouldn’t put them in the middle of a riot.
“So I heard.” Kira pushed off from the doorway to stalk into the room proper. “Looks like you took quite a hit.”
“You need to tell me if your shoulder bothers you.” Sherlock lay a hand gently to the scar on John’s upper chest. “Why don’t we try a number system. One to ten. If all is well it’s a ten, if you need to stop, it’s close to one. Alright?”
“Can I get you something to drink?”
“People often project their own failings onto others.” Sherlock moved to unlock the truck. “That man is an idiot, ignore anything he said.”
Dizziness.
Shelock popped the top of the bottle and squeezed a small stripe of slick into John’s hand. He dropped it to the side as John reached down to coat the tip of Sherlock’s penis just starting to peek out from its own foreskin.
Finally, Sherlock was introduced as head of the graduating class, and called forward to speak. Sherlock rose, and made his way to the stage amidst a smattering of applause. John clapped loudly, then pressed the omnioculars to his eyes to watch as Sherlock climbed the final steps, shook hands, and took the podium. He looked a bit anxious, shuffling the note cards in his hand and glancing nervously about.  John willed things to go well.
“Shit.” Lupaza took a sip from her cup. “I feel like we just can’t win. If we do nothing, Bajor loses. If we do something, people get slaughtered. I just . . . eeeeeerrr.” She slammed the cup back down. "I wonder who the hell set that bomb off? Idiots. It’s not like the spoonheads were going to ignore it. Prophets, what’s the point of it all. We’re never going to win.”
dream, now
Sherlock huffed out a sigh, and moved to accept a shot glass from a circulating waiter. Being promoted to Lieutenant had its privileges. Having the ease and the resources that his desk job brought was a blessing, but dinner invitations with a note from his superior officer that his presence was required was a decided negative. Sherlock knocked back the cocktail, dropping the glass with another passing staff member, before moving to inspect the buffet table. If he had to endure the drivel of small talk this evening, he hoped there’d be something sweet to soften the blow.
I miss you.
“Molly.” Sherlock felt his own surprise roll over him. She looked lovely, clad in a long silvery dress, her hair piled up over her head in the latest style.  Instantly Sherlock felt guilty. He’d hardly thought of Molly since he’d last seen her– at that ruined party at his parent’s house on Burning Night.
One night, Sherlock came running in late at half past eleven looking quite flustered. Truth be told, John had been a bit nervous too at the break in their routine, but they hadn’t talked about that either. They’d just carried on, turned out the light and gone to bed, same as they’d been doing for the last two weeks.  The next morning though, John had casually suggested that Sherlock give him his mobile number. Sherlock had gotten out his phone, and they’d exchanged the information without really talking about why.
“Why you . . .” The lean one with the scar leapt forward. Sherlock quickly sidestepped, grabbing the man to lead him to the ground using his own momentum. The tall man snarled and reared back to throw a punch when John whirled in between them looking madder than a wet Hara cat.
Only when they turned, beginning to walk back to where Old Bessie was parked, did the man spring to life.
“He’s offered to pay me for weekly reports on you and John.”
“Are you sure?” Clara asked. “You’re welcome to stay here if you want to.”
“Hmmph.” Sherlock gave a noncommittal grunt, folding his arms over his chest, as he swept his gaze over the room of young high-ranking Cardassians gathered. A few still picked at the leavings at the luncheon buffet. Some were twirling about in the tedious social dances that seemed to be de riguer for these gatherings, while others simply chatted in small groups, employing brain-numbing amounts of giggling and eye batting in the process. Sherlock barely managed to keep the salad he’d consumed to stay in his gullet with all the revolting
Eventually, they began rocking, moving as Sherlock slid in and out, the pressure rising, building. Sherlock changed his angle slightly, and John cried out, a surprised string of curses.
“Okay, that sounds really good. Thanks.”
“Nope.” Sherlock smiled, turning to speak into the phone “Westside Portkey Station, please.”
“I have to or the scar tissue may create adhesions.”
“Dividing by 5 is just doubling and then moving the decimal. And 50 times 7 is 350, plus 7 times 7 is 49. Even you could do those without a calculator.”
“‘Whose was it?’” read Sherlock.
“Oh, yes, quite right. Need to coordinate our stories.” Sherlock looked more sure of himself as he sat taller in his seat. “I said he was studying astro-physics at Oxford now.”
“Cross what?” John faltered.
Sherlock blushed hotly. “Thank you, John. I’m proud of you too. I’m so glad you’ve decided to finish your training to be a healer.  Not that you didn’t do well at El Instituto de Oceanografía Mágica, but this seems more you.”
“Come on. I know Mum said she’d come back home with us, but let’s tell her she can spend the night, and we’ll come get her in the morning.  There’s a band playing tonight we can still catch if we hurry.”
A hand wrapped over his throat, a question . . .
If Sherlock replied with anything, John didn’t catch it. When he returned, well scrubbed with a towel about his waist, the man was gone. John dressed in blessed peace, packed his rucksack for the day, and headed out.
“Good luck.”
“Erm, no. I broke up with Victor, sadly,” Sherlock managed in a pinched voice. “This, however, is John.”
“Results inconclusive,” Sherlock gritted out. “Must continue treatment . . . to  . . . confirm . . . oh God.”
“John?” Dom rattled the bag his way.
“What?” Sherlock raised an annoyed eyebrow.
“She’s fantastic, but that’s not the problem.”
~ THE END ~
Sherlock looked over at John as he licked his lips. He obviously felt responsible for Sherlock being blindsided like this. Sherlock slipped a hand over to touch John’s leg, just a quick gentle pressure.  John met his eyes, and flashed a smile, a small quirk of his lips.
“Yes, that is true.” Sherlock blinked, seeming to have found a ledge to stand on in the conversation. “Marriage is a societal construct with varying rules in different times and places, but mating and reproduction have always occurred within the human species.”
John turned his face up to find Sherlock’s mouth blindly. Their lips met in a crash, needy, devouring as they surged together. They pulled back just long enough to strip their few clothes away desperately, working to meet skin on skin as soon as possible. Hands reaching, mouths seeking, they made love as if they hadn’t touched each other properly in years.  Sherlock fumbled for the clear pot of gel he’d replicated earlier. Scooping out a handful, he slicked himself and John up, dragging a wet palm over their cocks side by side. He cupped them together, letting his hand warm over them before starting a rhythm.
“The Hobbit? A famous children’s story? My mum used to read it to me when I was little. Don’t tell me you’ve deleted that.”
“To the other edge and back,” John said.
“Hey now, trouble-makers,” he cried spotting the two watchers. “Get outta there!” He waved a hand encased in a thick glove as if shooing birds, and the boys wriggled backwards to escape. “And stay out of the gardens. I’ve work to do!” followed retreating backs as small feet pounded down the path deeper into the green of the compound.
“Come back to bed,” John whispered into the dark. Sherlock came instantly crawling into John’s arms, all familiar heat and soft skin, and they wrapped together with a bone deep sigh.
it would be Sherlock.”
“Oh, leave off, Johnny. If Clara’s making me pick a skirt, you can wear the damn Watson tartan. Show some family pride, man.”
“No, no, it’s alright. He and I were together for awhile at uni.”
John sat down feeling suddenly tongue-tied as he watched her take a pull from her cigarette, the end growing bright orange in the dark.  She blew a stream of smoke to the side.
“Yes, thank you. That does sound great.” John smiled at Mrs. Hudson’s unique blend of solicitude and bullying. “Let me just ask Sherlock and get back to you.”
“Oh, right.”
“It’s fine, John.” Sherlock cleared his throat. “After tonight I’m certainly well aware of your status.”
“Mok'bara.” Sherlock grinned, pocketing the intruder’s weapon. “Been taking classes since I was seven.”
“Fuck the Cardassian Empire,” Sherlock growled.
“You can finish it.”
“I’m tired of being single,” Irene complained.
“Well, no, not really. We seem to be splitting it. I get it during the night, and he sneaks in and kips during the day.” John put his hands on his hips, lifted his chin, daring Mike to go any further with his questioning.
“It’s a bit naff, but I like your tone of voice when you say it.”
Thankfully, Sherlock’s long arms were able to reach over and snag the glasses. He passed one to John before grabbing his own to lean back again. They settled into the fragrant bubbles.
“Oh, John, Mr. Holmes, care for some more tea?” The accountant, Mona, stood by the bench, holding the kettle aloft. Sherlock felt quite parched at that point, and agreed for the both of them.
“Oh right, of course.” John smiled. “What evenings are you free?”
John’s first impulse was to crumple up the note. Then he carefully smoothed it flat, and placed it into a book to keep it safe. John found himself sneaking the note out whenever no one was looking over the course of the day. He reread it so many times that he soon had it memorized. Of course John wrote a letter in reply despite Sherlock’s warning not to. The school owl returned the next day with his note still strapped to its leg. Frustrated, John wrote a second letter, this time penning “PLEASE READ ME” in block letters along the front of the scroll. He found his own owl to deliver this one.
“I’m sorry, so sorry,” he chanted like a litany, patting over John’s form to confirm that he was really there as much as to check his health.
Again, many heaping thanks to ChrisCalledMeSweetie for some fabulous and very quick beta work. I so appreciate it! If anyone is keeping track of the chapter count, we have one more chapter left to go before this fun little tale is at an end. Many thanks to all who've followed along with a work in progress. It's been a good ride!
“Fine.” Sherlock huffed.  With a final nod, Mycroft turned in a whirl of pin-striped robe and was off.
“Yes, of course. I enjoyed meeting you too.” Sarah nodded.
The dwarves, being dwarves, were of course use to rough living and rougher language, and fairly desperate to reclaim their jewel in the mountain. They assured their hobbit friend that nothing he could read aloud would affect them in the slightest.
Sherlock grinned, delighted, like a little boy sharing a box of treasures as he laid out one by one the observations he’d made about John to deduce his current situation.
“The Obsidian Order has no reason to make its business known to underlings,” Sherlock snapped.
“I’ve never called first.” Victor leaned in with a leer.
“Okay.”
“He puts up a good front, but he’s delicate, our Sherlock,” Mrs. Hudson confided.
“We look forward to working with you.” Kira moved in to shake his hand as well, her eyes boring in to him as her smaller hand gripped his own. “Bajor needs friends.”
“There’s no room for sentiment in war,” Kira said, “unless we’re celebrating victory.”
“Oooh, look at the ickle fishies! We should take a picture for the whole school.” A saucy-looking blonde girl in front giggled.
“Kerry, run!” Anne called, but Sherlock was up in an instant gripping the woman’s wrist.
“And the health of the Resistance members?” John asked, turning toward Dr. Sito. “Is that better?”
John was a bit sad that the conversation around the table then turned to makeup and hair-care products, and he was asked several times what kind of hair mousse he favored. The bride and groom stopped by the table, making their rounds to say hello to everyone. The women bubbled over Evelyn’s dress, and complimented her on the ceremony and the reception. She thanked them all as Nathan got the bloke with this phone to say a few words.
“Yeah, alright . . .” John trailed off.
Sherlock sighed and slid into the car, moving over as Mycroft joined him. A dark panel separated them from the front of the vehicle, and the windows were deeply tinted. It was like falling into a sealed box once the door closed behind them. Sherlock settled warily into the luxuriously padded seats. Once Mycroft’s goons had climbed into the front, they started up, the car purred through the gates, away from the base, headed toward town.
“This.” John looked out at the sea, a turquoise line stretching to the horizon, pretty as a postcard. “Now this is a proper vacation.”
everything shifts
“Oh, we broke up. It was just too far to keep things going properly.” The woman shrugged carelessly as she worked a tissue from her handbag to dab at her nose. “Oh, but I didn’t mean . . .” Her head snapped up as she realized what she had just said. “I didn’t mean YOU, dearie. Oh, not at all. Things will probably be just fine for you.” She patted his arm.
“Thank you. I appreciate it.”
Sherlock beside him merely gave a hum, busy with his phone, his skinny legs folded up, pressed against the dash.
“Your mother, how is she?”
“I liked the picnic scene from last year.”  Short plump said, “Such clever little ants everywhere.”
"Sometimes, John, you can be an arse."
“Oh, I just wondered if things were okay.” She waved a hand. “You know since you two started going out?”
“Oh?” Sherlock raised an eyebrow.
“Wha . . .” Sherlock asked when John cut him off, sealing his mouth over his. Sherlock didn’t need any more encouragement to drop his book bag and wind his arms around John, pulling him close.
“Not everyone is as advanced as we might like, though. Older people cling to prejudices.” Sherlock waved a hand around. “The senior doctor at your office . . .”
John glanced at Sherlock, his long form an elegant curve as he propped himself against the tabletop, one knee bent as his foot hooked over the rung of the stool. He dunked a biscuit into his milk before taking a bite. Sensing John’s eyes on him, he turned, a smile pulling at the edges of his mouth as he munched. The buttery afternoon light rolled in through the windows painting the whole room a warm glow, and John sighed.  He couldn’t imagine a prettier picture than Sherlock relaxed and smiling, crumbs across his lips. Sherlock reached down and caught John’s hand in his to give it a squeeze.  He cocked his head to the side as he considered John for a moment. “I’m glad you could come with me.”
Damn. Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut for a moment hoping perhaps his lack of sleep had caused him to conjure the man up from sheer overworked nerves. When he opened his eyes however, the man was still there, wearing navy blue pyjamas and looking at Sherlock with an air of concern.
“Celebrities?” John frowned.
The familiar lyrics took on a new meaning as John stepped into Sherlock’s arms and allowed himself to be led.
Before the next potions class, John caught Alastaire outside in the corridor, waving Teddy, Tom, and Dom to go in ahead of him. He fished his potion textbook out of his bag and offered it to Alastaire.
John opened the cupboard to rummage out a few supplies as Sherlock sank to perch on the closed toilet. He wanted to protest John making such a fuss, but now that the flight or fight chemicals were leaving his body, he could feel the aches settling in.  Damn, his face
“Oh, the usual sort of thing.” Sherlock’s voice had gone breezy. “
“I think we need to try a different game. There’s been no sign of the code we’re searching for in any of these versions of Cluedo, and if we don’t switch to something else,
“Oh, don’t tell me you’re an Arsenals fan!” John raised his eyebrows.
“Save it, Alastaire,” the woman snapped. “Right now I want you in your room. I’ll be having words with your mother. I think it best if you and your family left in the morning. You KNEW not to open that locked door.”
“I should have noticed.”
John took Sherlock’s hand again, hurrying them along. He’d left the room without a coat, and realized that when he wasn’t sprinting flat out, or half in Sherlock’s lap snogging him, he was growing quite chilly.
They both laughed so hard they toppled over.
“Will you cook naked?”
“Merlin’s ballsack, John,” Tom gasped as they collapsed into some open seats.  “Can you just not?”
Sherlock nearly collapsed into a squashy leather armchair, trying desperately to get himself under control. It was embarrassing. Sherlock reminded himself sternly that this man was a professional actor. The videos that he really shouldn’t have indulged in had nothing to do with him personally.  John probably had loads of groupies salivating at him whenever he made appearances. Sherlock worked his way through the periodic table until his surging hormones had quieted down.
They chatted a moment, exchanging contact information, before leaving the couple to continue on toward drinks.
“Hey, watch it!”  Teddy cried, reaching out to steady the pot. “Best get your head out of the clouds!”
“When I say come, you will come. And you will stop laughing.” Sherlock snaps his hips and hits John’s prostate with precision. “Is this working?”
“Ooh, look what Owen got. Biscuits. Come on, give over.” Teddy banged on the table.
“Oh, yes. I agree.” Sherlock’s face softened to something lovely, and John had to tug him down for kiss right there in front of the iced shellfish.
“Ooh, now I am curious.” John felt like his blood was filled with fizzing bubbles. If Sherlock had told him he’d pulled the moon down from the sky for him, he wouldn’t have thought twice about it.
“You are.” Mycroft made to sign out and stopped himself. “Oh, and Sherlock, do be careful.”
John shook his head. “It’s fine, Sherlock. It’s your life.”  He sighed. He didn’t have it in him to start a fight.
“I’ll wait downstairs for you,” Sherlock said.
The sound made John painfully aware of his own neglected cock. Pushing Sherlock’s bent knees further apart, he drew the soles of his feet together. Then he began thrusting through the tight channel formed by Sherlock’s arches.
They pulled apart reluctantly so Sherlock could join the queue at final call.
“Well, then, I assume that will hold us over until another room becomes available and you can move out.” John offered a weary smile.
“What?” Sherlock demands, mocking John’s pleading voice. “Not that. Anything but…double chocolate-caramel.”
“Oh ho, I bet THIS is what really started you wanting to be a pirate!”
“Oh God, thanks.”
“Where are you planning to go?”
There were over twenty at dinner that night. Thankfully, Grand-mère Holmes had a dining table that conveniently grew or shrank depending on how many were seated round it. It left enough neutral territory that Alaistare and his family could be at one end of the table, and John and Sherlock at the other, and they hardly had to bother with each other. John chuckled at the condiment jars walking about the table on small legs only pausing if someone needed to use them.
“Soon enough the Resistance cell will be ready to start missions,” John added.
“I can’t say I’m sad to see him go.”  John snorted.
“This is it.”
“Pretty fucking hilarious. Throwing rocks at an Imperial Land Cruiser? Just how stupid are the Jories?”
“Oh, God, yes.”
“Sexy consequences?”
“I wish I had more recent information. Records on the labor camps aren’t always kept as up-to-date as they should. I’ll keep looking, do some cross-referencing. There’s no reason to think she’s not alright . . .”
“Here let me help you.” The man moved to clear a path for Sherlock back to the door he’d entered, but Sherlock waved him off.
“I’m sorry.” Sherlock tucked himself in behind John, placing a hand on his hip “I don’t have the proper social filters. I don’t always say the right thing.”
“Thank you!” She mouthed making her way back to the sidelines where Etienne stood frowning, holding two glasses of wine.
The lights flickered and then dimmed as the musicians reappeared for the second half of the show. Sherlock directed his attention to the celestial sounds, grateful for the distraction, however brief.
“Well, I’m looking for a couple of gifts, but I think I’ll just poke about – see what turns up.”
employed a shifting number of Omegas to star in its videos, but only three Alphas. As infertility was one of the top requirements, few Alphas were eligible to apply for the job. The two Alpha’s he’d already interviewed were comfortably middle aged, and had agreed to the indignity of a vasectomy, but the third who’d been on holiday, a younger chap, had contracted mumps at an early age.
“It runs out of food and closes early.” The woman switched languages as well to answer.
“Oh God. It’s so stupid. I really shouldn’t be like this, but Phillip, the bastard, just dumped me.” Sarah motioned toward her phone. “Said we needed space to pursue other opportunities.”
As he straightened up, he looked at the mattress, debating whether to strip the sheets and add them to the wash. He didn’t mean to do it,  but he fell head-first into the bedding. He could smell Sherlock all over his pillow, that spicy tropical beach-smelling stuff he used, but underneath that, something warm and human, the scent of the man himself. He curled around it.
John woke to the bleep of his alarm and a wash of daylight. He was alone in the bed, but a quick look around the room revealed his stubborn roommate slumped over his desk, now quite asleep.
“Well, we’ll see.” Victor shrugged, reaching for his cup.
“Ah, alright.” John licked his lips.
“I’m sorry. I wasn’t thinking.” Sherlock reached over to lay a hand to John’s thigh. John marveled at how it didn’t even hurt any longer.
“So your parents, erm, they know then . . .” John trailed off, catching himself as the train jostled its way out of the station.
“Life is short, eat dessert first – isn’t that what they say?” Sherlock’s voice had gone a bit breathy.
It stuck to John’s thumb. Honey. John sucked it off before tugging Sherlock closer, licking over his face to clear the rest of it.
“I wasn’t tired of it.” Sherlock moved to his desk chair, removing his coat, and dropping his bag before sitting. “I was the one who cancelled the order for the replacement in the first place.”
“Sherlock,” he replied reaching out to shake, wishing the boring negotiations didn’t take so long. Still, it was all part of the process.
After a bit of a pathetic sniffle, John wiped his eyes and pulled out his phone. He dialed Sherlock’s number, but it went straight to voice mail. After stammering out a stilted message, he decided to send a text too.
John perked up, barking his assent, then cocked his head to the side, expectant.
“I’m not worried. They’re good workers.” Sherlock smiled thinly.
“Well, sadly they didn’t tell us that before they took off,” Kira sneered. “The Spoonheads were heading west though when they left.”
“Oh, I wondered about that,” John said. “They usually just go where they want, don’t they, but I noticed we never saw any in the Gryffindor dorms.”
She stopped in her tracks when she saw the bare-chested man lounging against the headboard. “JOHN, oh my god.” She turned to him, a look of incredulity pasted across her face. “Who the hell is this?”
John leaned back to study him, dark, mussed hair spread out like a halo, alabaster skin flushed pink where he had worried at it.
“I was assigned to Bajor a few weeks ago.” Sherlock lifted a shoulder in a half-shrug. “I go where needed.  I serve with honour.” Sherlock parroted the military slogan wryly.
“Oh, right.” Sherlock scrunched up his nose in thought. “Like what?”
“Oh.” Sherlock set his glass down. “Yes, of course. I should have given you the address straightaway." It was Sherlock’s turn to look chagrined. "John, I’m sorry.”
"Be sure to tell me if they get too tight," Sherlock says and John nods.
“With a bigger crowd, we’ll have more people to blend in with.” Sherlock sat on a stool beside him, accepting the peeled vegetable to drop into a large ceramic bowl on the counter.
“Naw, it’s fine, mate.” Nigel who had risen to poke through his wardrobe stuck his head back out. “Anything’s better than staying with that madman.”
Sherlock ran his eyes over the few others sharing the balcony as he waited. A group of middle-aged women on an outing sat together laughing. A few young office workers lay scattered about, and a couple who must have been on their second or third date, hunched close, murmuring together. He was the only Cardassian present. It gave him a bit of a thrill when he realized nobody else here knew this . . . except John of course. John returned with a box of crispy crackers and a large fruit drink just before the lights dimmed.
“So, are you two getting along any better?” Irene leaned in closer to nudge John. “It looks like you are.”
"In the interest of creating the scene, you need to struggle," Sherlock says, rolling on top of him. "Safeword?" he asks, eyebrows raised.
“Fair enough, mate.” Dom grinned.
“Follow me home or fancy a drive first?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock rolled onto his belly with a sigh. It was an old argument, and one that he hoped his mother would win again with his father. The idea of going away to military school sent a shiver over Sherlock’s skin. He’d rather go the day after never, but it seemed inevitable that eventually he’d be following his brother, father, and grandfathers in a line to an illustrious military career. If it could be another three standard years away though, that would be the best of a bad situation. A lot could happen in that time, a life could be lived in that time.
“Yeah, she’s good. I like her. I think you look good together. Kind of opposites attract.”
“Pardon?” Sherlock looked up to see Anderson looming over him.
Sherlock screwed his face up in obvious displeasure as John leaned in to take it.
The man burst into laughter. Sherlock couldn’t help smiling along with him. When the frankly adorable-looking man finally caught his breath he managed to speak.
“Well, no matter. It’s all come out right in the end. True love will out.” Mrs. Hudson smiled, raising her wine in tribute.
“I don’t have the coordinates.” John snapped the cover to the panel back in place. “Just get on the 340 Parkway going west, and I’ll manage direction as we get closer in.”
The Little Hobbit felt his courage had quite deserted him. He forged ahead down the long, dark tunnel bolstered only by the dwarves’ assurances that surely he was too small to be noticed by the dragon. Sadly, though, they had neglected to think of the dragon’s advanced sense of smell.
“Like I said, not too glamorous.” Jeanette tittered a laugh. “I’m off to a seminar in London though. Two days. How about yourself. Business or pleasure?”
“No, I’m far enough along. You could get some plates though.”
“They’re… just steps. Should I?”
They used the eye scanners on their respective doors and John went into the room where this whole thing started.
“I asked in a few others. I hope you don’t mind,” Irene said. The florescent light and burnt orange and lime walls made her look paler than usual, but the white jumper with a faux-fur collar she’d chosen suited her well.
“The punishment for impersonating a member of the Obsidian Order is death.” Sherlock laughed mirthlessly. “When I broke you out of the research center, I was well within my rights to wear the black uniform. I just borrowed the name and rank of someone higher in the order to get you out, no questions asked.”
Sherlock couldn’t pretend the room was empty after their mumblings. “Hullo?” he called out in a voice gone rough with feigned sleep. “Who is it?”
“I’m glad. You deserve to be better, John. You deserve everything. I have to admit . . .” Sherlock cleared his throat gone suddenly clogged. “I was on my third overdose when Mycroft had me sectioned this time.”
“Does that mean anything to you?”
When it was over, John held him close, nuzzling at him, wiping his hand without a thought over the sheets to smooth his palm over Sherlock’s warm back.
With one thing and another, they ended up spending most of the day in bed, with only a few trips to the loo, and a box of energy bars that John had to see them through lunch. By evening, they were properly ravenous, and they actually rose to shower, dress, and head to the cafeteria for dinner.
. It had rained all morning, and the damp seemed to seep into his bones. It didn’t matter that the ache in his thigh was all in his head. It still hurt.
“Oh, Sherlock,
“What do you mean? You can’t be serious!” Sherlock felt all the blood leave his head as he stood abruptly from his seat. He reached back to grasp the back of his plastic chair to keep from pitching over.
Afterwards, the team massed in a group by the drinks station, slapping backs, and waving or blowing kisses at the audience. John took a water bottle gratefully, tipping it up to fill his mouth.
“No, really, they suit you.” John smiled. “Well, good night, Mycroft. Good to see you again.”
“Hmm?” Sherlock’s brow furrowed.
“Good, it saves me the trouble of kidnapping you.” Sherlock felt a level of briskness return to him. “Here, finish off the eggs, why don’t you?” He nudged the platter closer to John. “They’re already paid for.”
Before John could say a word, Sherlock had swept out of the car to stalk off down the lane. John wanted to follow, but he felt paralyzed, stuck to his seat in the car. He watched forlornly as Sherlock turned stiffly around the corner. John’s insides writhed. He leaned his forehead down on the steering wheel, blowing out a breath.
“Surviving,” John said shortly.
Suddenly, they were kissing deeply again, wrapped up together under the open folds of Sherlock’s long coat. John wanted him badly, wanted to crawl up under his posh clothes and lick every inch of that gorgeous, pale skin . . .
They ate their fill of burned sugar, getting their fingers and mouths sticky, and John passed the wine again, the taste sour after so much concentrated sweet. Sherlock added another log to the fire as it settled into orange, grateful for the warmth. They lay back on their elbows, watching the impressive splash of stars overhead in the dark velvet of the sky.
“Let’s eat first.” John rubbed over his back. “It smells incredible.”
John seemed a bit subdued, but he managed to rib Sherlock about the number of bags of clothes he had to transport.
I hear they have a small leviathan on exhibit.”
“Yeah, it’s yours if you want it.” John shrugged.
It was on Lupaza and Naavi’s watch that the two little girls were found. They had come up from the river to huddle in some weeds to watch the machine work, scrawny, terrible, hollow-eyed little birds. Lupaza spotted them and of course brought them right to the house for something to eat and drink.
John stepped away to tap on his communicator, obviously relaying the information to others.
“You as well,” Sherlock said, motioning to the boys to head out. He watched as they steered their cart out the gap, walking a few paces behind like a good supervisor.
Sherlock lost count of how many times the electrical currents came. The taunting voice, the blinding lights, and the pain all flowed together in a horrible, confusing wash. Finally, finally it crashed to an end, or at least a significant pause. Sherlock could hear someone crying, a harsh ragged sound that hurt his ears.
“Don’t let your guard down, Holmes,” Larex called out, hurrying to catch up. “They’ll cut you if you turn your back on them.”
“Gorgeous,” John breathed. “I don’t have one yet.”
“So, speaking of beginnings. How fares your . . .
“Prophets, half the house was in flames, all those armed men . . .” Sherlock choked out. “My family . . .” he couldn’t finish the thought.
Mycroft set his mug down, raising his hands in a steepled position over the table. He fixed John with such a familiar, piercing look that John almost chuckled.
Sherlock wasn’t sure there was enough room in his heart to contain the feeling that rose over him. “John,” he choked. “I .  .  . too.”
“Right — because how to remove a Funny Bone is something I learned at Bart’s.”
“Is it safe?” John breathed.
John rolled out of bed, scrabbling along the floor to find his underwear. “She’s just upset.”
“Oh, Sherlock, there you are. I’m so glad I caught you.” Rose swept out of the lift, dragging a large magenta-coloured bag behind her. Her children followed, negotiating their own luggage.
“Owen, I think I love you, mate.” John grinned.
“I’m always careful, Mycroft.”  Sherlock flashed a toothy smile as he gathered his things. “Except when I’m not.” He reached out to pop the door open, and escaped to the pavement into a neighbor that looked only vaguely familiar. Pulling his hat and scarf back into place, Sherlock walked quickly away, hearing the purr of the groundcar as it pulled into traffic behind him.
“Oh . . . erm . . .”
“Was it serious?” John squinted, somehow unable to let this go.
Sherlock drew John’s finger closer to his nose and sniffed. “Sugar, honey, and coconut oil. I was devising a basic scrub.”
room?”
He hurried deeper into the grounds. It was dark with only two of Bajor’s three moons visible tonight, a pair of crescents hung artfully in the sky. Without much sight, Sherlock let pure muscle memory lead his feet through the dark gardens to the hunkered-down shape of the work shed.  The door wasn’t locked, and Sherlock slipped easily inside. The night was cold, and the outbuilding was only nominally warmer than the outside. Sherlock rubbed at his arms. It would have looked suspicious if he’d grabbed a coat, but like most Cardassians, he didn’t do well with the cold. It was good Old Man Jenno had thin blood as well. Sherlock quickly located a small portable heater under a work bench and flicked it on. Instantly a red coil inside the unit buzzed to life giving both scant light, and a moderate blast of warmth to heat the space. Loamy smells of potting soil and fertilizer came to life as the air warmed around him.
“Well, there were few options of people to ask, and you already owed me a favor.” Sherlock looked like a cat with his hackles gone up.
John forced himself to breath calmly under the intensity of the man’s stare. “Well, I’m a doctor too, actually. Army doctor.”
“Oh, please.” The blush that stole over Sherlock’s pale skin was delightful. John left off being annoyed with the ridiculous man in favor of pulling him in closer for a kiss. It went on long enough to involve a tangling of tongues, but eventually they parted for air. The flush on Sherlock had settled down to his collar bones, and John wondered how far down it went.
“Well, yeah there’s a whole series, The Lord of the Rings?”
“Alright, you two, come along, let’s not tarry. Lots to do before the rehearsal dinner tonight,” Mrs. Holmes tutted, trying to bat them along. “Lily was just telling me there’s an awful mix up with the bridesmaid’s dresses, they got the wrong color on two of the . . .”
“John, thank you for waiting. God, I thought that might go on until the end of all time.”
“I can’t believe you don’t get hungry,” John complained as they stood pressed against the door, waiting for it to open. His stomach growled again as if in punctuation. John’s mouth twitched a smile.
“It functions as a sneakoscope, a compass, and a music box, as well as telling perfect time,” Sherlock said proudly holding it out.
“Alright. Just stand in your normal posture.” Sherlock raked his eyes over John as he circled around him.
A steady stream of visitors had invaded the house over the last few days as they worked up to Grand-mère’s big birthday dinner. Between Sherlock’s many distant cousins, and neighbors dropping by, a number of pick-up Quidditch games had come together quite easily. John was happy for the chance to practice as Teddy would be on them as soon as the team met next term. But no, it was far too early for thoughts of school with a clear blue summer sky stretched overhead. John inhaled deeply smelling green things warmed in the sun.
An old saying Mycroft had told him once flickered through his mind.
“Good night.”
“Oh, I don’t know. You and Sherlock looked pretty close. Seems like you two could have given it a go.” John couldn’t stop the awful words, they just popped out.
John practically threw Sherlock onto the bed, climbing over him to continue their drugging kisses. Sherlock writhed at the scrape of John’s clothing over his bare flesh, but he ached for closer contact.
“Sherlock, there are rules to these games. I know you’re aware of them, because I’ve watched you read the directions.”
After that first sighting, the earrings seem to spread like wildfire through the encampment. When John entered the main house the next evening, a Watson crest earring dangled from his lobe. The breath caught in Sherlock’s throat.
“Is that so, old mother? I’m not sure that would be to your liking.” The man, a burly Bajoran with a scar along one cheekbone, raked a skeptical glance over the two of them.  John unconsciously puffed up, standing taller under the scrutiny.
“Thanks,” John said, accepting the bowl to spoon out a portion.
“God, I’m getting so wet, so wet for you,” Johnny moaned, biting at his lower lip.
“What’s in the cabinets?”
Sherlock returned to the main room, seating himself at the console. After waking the screen, he did a scan, making sure all his traps and shields were in place and still running smoothly. He’d meant it to be a quick diagnostic check, but a few knocks at their firewall had him tracing the source before he was satisfied it was random spamware.
“Hmmm, right.” John gave a dangerously low hum, his jaw clenched as he lay a finger to tilt Sherlock’s face to the light to better view the cut.
“Good.” John smiled. “Oh, today is a good one.” He tugged Sherlock closer. “But mostly just because you’re here.”  John went up onto his toes to press a kiss to Sherlock’s mouth.  “We have a few hours. Why don’t we go back to the room?”
“Well, thanks. This is nice.” John bit into his toast, savoring the sweet.
“Okay, I need a break. Let’s grab something to eat and go for a walk.” John was expecting resistance, but Sherlock simply grinned at him.
“Hey, how did the fence repair go?” John smiled between them.
John stopped by the twins' station. Their potion had gone a disturbing grey colour, and it moved only reluctantly as Tom tried to give it a vigorous stir. Dom worriedly added more shrivelfig juice to it.
When the live band started, people gathered at the open space set aside for dancing.
“John.” He could think of nothing more eloquent to say when actually faced with his dear one.
Teddy flew near. “Stupefy!” He cried, brandishing his wand. The spell flew wide. “Stupefy, stupefy!” Teddy called, missing the ball repeatedly as it streaked in a blur between the two Beaters.
“I don’t do breakfast.” Sherlock shrugged. “It’s just tea in the morning for me.”
“Oh, good morning. Have you seen Sherlock around then?” John asked lightly.
John pulled out the paperback he’d brought along to read on the train ride, but his gaze kept wandering over to Sherlock, curled up in his seat, studying his device, curls tumbled over his forehead. He never seemed to sit like a normal person, it was either a full sprawl or tucked up into himself like a ball. Finally, John managed to concentrate enough to read a bit of the spy thriller that had looked good at the library when he’d picked it out.
Sherlock felt certain his entire being vibrated at some higher frequency heard only by dogs and small children.  He reached his hand into his pocket and pulled out the folded note inside, opening it to read through it again.
“Huh.” John carried his tea and food to stand beside Sherlock at the evidence wall.
The outdoor restaurants had shut down with the approach of winter, but the tea shop Molly had picked to meet in was a cheerful place filled with plants on the window sills, and the warm smell of simmering spices. Sherlock easily spotted Molly at a small table in the corner, and wound his way past the few other customers engrossed in their reader pads to join her.
“Oh, this one looks just like yours,” Sherlock said, admiring his own handiwork. “I’m going to enjoy deep-throating this.”
“I’ve no secrets.” John laughed, putting away his own mobile.
A group of children weaving a craft in the main room looked up, their shocked faces following them as they thundered up the stairs, making their way to the computer rooms.
This one though, looking like pure sex in a suit jacket up on the stage, this one was trouble. John licked his lips. The man closed his eyes again, concentrating, a little crease forming between his eyebrows as he leaned back into the flow of the music. A particularly, long lovely note reverberated holding sweetly in the air before the song floated to a close. John silently gave thanks for the looseness a kilt afforded as he felt his cock stirring to life. After a smattering of applause, the band slid into its next tune. John stood sipping his drink until it was gone, then went back to the bar and got another.
“God, you’re amazing,” John breathed.
This close, Sherlock could see that John’s eyelashes were unusually long and framed dark eyes that weren’t just a solid colour as he had originally imagined, but a collection of hues from a twilight blue to a sprinkling of lighter hazel specks. John’s mouth parted and stayed open as he swayed just a fraction closer.
“Of course I kept it. You gave it to me. Besides it’s a good luck charm. I need all the luck I can get.”
“I know. That’s why I have to do this.”
“Naw, she was eighty-five when she passed.” Owen grinned.
“Thank you, sir, I’ve enjoyed being here as well.” John managed a smile.
“God, you smell fantastic,” John said, rubbing his face over Sherlock’s vast middle, as the scent of ripe, fertile Omega,
“Oh, they can have it. I don’t care about it.” The dragon shrugged. “To be honest I don’t care about any of it, it was here when I arrived.”
John was the first to break, a series of bitten off sounds telling Sherlock that he had exploded into his fist. The pleasure spiraled out over Sherlock and he came, groaning a bit louder than usual into the mobile for John’s benefit.
“Hang on!” Lupaza cried, launching them onto it, the truck narrowly avoiding the ditch as they careened onto the small lane. Dust billowed around them.
One of the city boys dressed in his groomsman’s outfit with a lurid pink flower pinned to his jacket escorted Mrs. Holmes to a seat in front as John trailed behind. John felt a bit in a spotlight in the second row, and might have skulked off to a seat farther back, but Mrs. Holmes insisted he stay nearby.
“God, yeah, this is great. A toast.” John reached for the bottle of wine, pouring out the last of it into their two glasses. “To a brilliant new beginning.”
Breakfast soon became John’s favourite part of the day. Each morning, the Owl Post swooped in to rain scrolls and small packages down over the student body. As promised, John and Sherlock wrote every day even if it was just a quick check-in note. John quickly realized that neither Simpson nor Merlin were up to making the repeat journey on such a regular basis, and took to borrowing school birds. He’d mail a letter out, and Sherlock would send his reply right back with the Hogwarts owl.
“If by tough you mean hard-headed, I agree,” Lupaza teased.
“What’s our plan today?” John asked, handing Sherlock a plate to dry.
“Oh, yeah, right. You think that might be a clue?”
“Ah, well, I can think of a few ways you can make it up to me. It includes you, me, and that big bed upstairs.” John was pleased to see the shiver that ran through Sherlock at his words.
He swiped a hand over his eyes, taking a deep breath before he felt steady enough to drive the car. When he turned on the radio, an old Little Mix song he liked blared out of the speakers, making him feel a bit better as he pulled out of the lot.
“Hardly, I see things. I simply observe the facts.”
The man glanced up and saw John at nearly the same moment.  He faltered, the beautiful rhythm of the dance lost as he stuttered to a halt. Sherlock’s chest heaved as the hauntingly lovely music continued to flow over the room.  The expression on his face was one of horrified shock. John couldn’t bear that look on this angelic vision of a man one second longer. He fumbled the doorknob open and stepped into the room.
“That was a horrible, horrible time. You young folk don’t know how it was . . .  a war that tore us apart, set families against each other. . .” She shuddered. “It should never have been. When we lost both our sons in the war, it broke my husband. He was never quite the same. When he died a few years later, I left England never to return. I came back to France to find some peace, but do you know what I found instead?”
“I’m glad I got to see it with you.” Sherlock smiled.
“There’s one fellow that I need to talk to that I can’t get in to see though.” Sherlock thought about Mr. Big Brit.
“Yes, please, Sweetheart.”
“Yes, you’re right.” Sherlock swallowed the pills down.
Harry met him in the lobby of the quaint hotel, folding him into an unusually enthusiastic embrace, obviously swept up in the frenzy of the wedding. Thankfully he had a few minutes to check into his room and change before Harry was pulling him along to a dinner and a whirlwind of introductions with Clara and her family. John smiled and nodded, trying to keep names straight, pleased to see how well Harry looked hanging on the arm of the serious, brown-haired girl she’d decided to call her own.
“Molly, do you remember the friend I had when we were younger, John?”
“What?”
“Hmm, what?” Sherlock looked around from where he was studying the cliff face. “Oh, that. It isn’t exactly official, but naturists use this section of the beach at times.”
“Enjoying yourselves?” John asked.
“Yes, of course, John. Despite your war injuries, you remain in good physical condition. Your dimensions are in classical proportions, and your face is pleasingly symmetrical - all clear standards for beauty. Plus by your walking patterns, I can tell that you have a larger-than-average sized penis, an attribute than many lovers find quite . . .”
John glanced around the room. These required science classes always started out full to the brim, but thinned significantly as the year went on. The burble of chatter stilled as the professor stalked out to begin the lecture. John dutifully opened his notebook.
“Yes.” Sherlock pushed out of the puffy chair to standing. “Kate, thank you for lending me Irene for the evening.”
“But we could get funds that would buy more weapons,” Gant pushed. “That would help the Resistance more.”
All sensation stopped as the warmth left his side. John couldn’t help the sigh of frustration. It was a bit maddening not being able to see anything. He pulled at the ropes on his wrists.
“Oh, God,” John groaned. "Someone took a picture."
“Wait, are we following that guy?”
“Wait, wait, please.” A pretty young witch with wild, curly brown hair, and a big striped bag bouncing over her shoulder waved a ticket as she rushed to join them.
“So you did that? Picked up men a lot?”
“It is.” John smiled wryly sealing the door behind him.
Beside them, Clara added to the cacophony, clapping wildly and shrieking. They sat, watching the show until the band finally announced a break. Sherlock wasn’t sure if he disliked the music for the sheer volume of it or the discordant sounds, but it definitely wasn’t his favourite.  Clara nipped out quickly for the loo, and Harry looked after her, almost calf-eyed as she watched her walking away until the crowd swallowed her up.
John found his feet, and tugged Sherlock upstairs, where they proceeded to make slow, sensual love with lips, and tongue, and fingers until they were both fully sated, and collapsed in a sweaty mess over the sheets. After a shower, they finally returned to the kitchen to finish their cold food, and quickly tidy up before heading out to Harry and Clara’s.
“Yes, that sounds just the ticket.” Sherlock sat up, pulling the sheet around him.  “If you’ll pardon me, I need to use the loo. I’ll meet you in a few minutes.”
“Buckle up,” John warned with a smile.
“Positive.”
After some residual grumbling, the group did finally go. Sherlock turned to consider the boys, still looking completely done in. “Here, now, you should know better than to kiss on public streets.” Sherlock gentled his voice. “What were you thinking?”
John dutifully placed the order, watching as the worker selected and weighed several fillets.
“How . . .”  Sherlock barely managed to say before John’s mouth was on his own, and all thoughts scattered away save one . . .
Sherlock was ready. As soon as the vehicle pulled to a halt, he slapped open the door, dropped to the ground with his bag on his back, and took off running. The guards hadn’t even left the car by the time he had cleared the roadway and disappeared into the warehouses that lined the road. He quickly switched clothes, pulling on his Bajoran skirts and veils, and hurried on until he found a busier street where he could catch a cab. He croaked out John’s address in his best wavery Bajoran, and sat back chewing at his lips, praying to every Prophet and Intercessory he knew that this would work. His nerves felt raw when the driver finally let him out at the business road by John’s street.
“That does sound tedious.” Sherlock nodded.
Lupaza had gone stock still. Sherlock could see the need to lash out being held barely in check by his orders to keep her head down.  John looked thunderous, jaw set, ready to intervene, mission or no.
“I wouldn’t mind if my brother paid for my flat.” Dom grinned at Tom.
“No, you’re right. He’s not worth thinking about for another instant. Here I am with you in this big bed.” John turned his hand over to lace his fingers with Sherlock’s. “Why are we talking about whatshisname?”
“Yeah, but it’s close and it’s the only place everyone likes.” John shrugged.
“Yes, you too. Everything.” Sherlock seemed to have lost the ability to form complete sentences, but John didn’t seem to mind. Thankfully, soon their lips were busy enough that words were no longer needed at all.
Irene threw back her head and laughed. Though Irene’s partner, Kate, was Cardassian, society would no more accept their pairing than they would look kindly at his relationship with John. It had been a relief to talk with Irene about his life, though he’d spoken of John in only the broadest of terms.
“God, you beautiful man.” John leaned down to kiss Sherlock in the car, letting his fingers thread into that mane of dark curls one last time. Sherlock was a delight that John only managed to tear himself away from with herculean effort.
A waitress delivered Mycroft’s order, and offered tea all the way around. John gratefully accepted a cup, happy to have the warm, liquid gold flowing down his throat. It chased away the last of the cobwebs from his brain. Mrs. Holmes appeared with a fresh waffle, and surveyed the lack of open chairs.
“No, yeah . . . obviously.” John put his book down. “So . . . about Victor  . . .”
Sherlock wiped his nose and eyes on his sleeve, and stood. He followed the man dully, to find his mother on the terrace by the outdoor tables waiting for him.
? A famous children’s story? My mum used to read it to me when I was little. Don’t tell me you’ve deleted that.”
“I think it’s bedtime for all,” Sherlock announced, snapping on the light on the landing, and herding his charges toward the stairs.
“All right. Bleeding Slytherins." Teddy glared up at the other team as they made their way from the locker rooms to the Quidditch pitch. "I booked the field starting fifteen minutes ago,” he complained. The Gryffindors watched as the Slytherin team zoomed about, not making the slightest move to pack it in.
Do drop me a line if you enjoyed this chapter. Your kudos and comments are like sweet bars of chocolate chasing off the dementors' chill.
“Intruders.” Sherlock managed before lunging forward to punch in a code on the panel set into the wall. Finally something worked as it should as loud klaxons set off overheard. The staff froze, shocked, until just as suddenly, the lights and alarms cut out mid-bleat. Emergency lights flickered to life bathing the room in a weak light, until a huge explosion from nearby rocked the room, and those went out too.
“Yes, sir.” John nodded, and hurried off to his next class.
“Jesus Christ! Is that a cadaver?!”
“Trying to get Irene a girlfriend.” Molly confided. “We’re checking out everyone in the dining hall.”
“No one is going anywhere,” John said firmly. “I’m not leaving you, Sherlock, not ever. No one is coming between us. No one, not even the whole bloody Cardassian Empire.”
They returned home to change clothes and get ready. Finally John had Sherlock alone in the bedroom for a few minutes after they’d had turns in the shower.
“Sherlock,” John huffed over his menu.
“How’s your shoulder?”
“Huh, can’t say I liked him.” John made a face. “Something weird about him, yeah?”
“Go away,” Sherlock turned his head to call out.
Sherlock’s body had filled out a bit from the regular meals that he and John prepared together. The exercise they got from daily walks around the island, as well as playful sparring and wrestling matches, was toning his muscles in a way that he could see John admiring. And his libido — so long held in check — was taking full advantage of the free rein he now gave it.
John’s mouth fell open as he watched Mycroft expertly shooing the woman along. Sherlock froze, stiffening into a board beside him. One glance at Lestrade said it all. The man looked guilty as hell.
“Thank you, Angelo,” Sherlock said graciously.
“Good evening to you too, brother dear. John.” Mycroft nodded companionably at them both as he folded his newspaper, setting it aside. He was dressed in his usual impeccable pinstriped robe and settled comfortably in one of the wicker armchairs. It was an odd sight. “I see you enjoyed the beach for at least three,” his eyes flicked carelessly over them, “no four hours today.”
“John, I’m so sorry” Sherlock turned to him in the dark. “I bodged it all up.”
“No worries,” Mrs. Kent cut back in sweeping her eyes up and down the length of him. “I can tell that you’ve got a great sense of style, dear.  I’m sure you’ll do a fabulous job with the window.”
“But it won’t be the same as our first walk together.”
John couldn’t help the small frisson that ran up his spine at watching Sherlock pick up a flogger in his elegant fingers, snapping it against the bed with a dull thwack.
“I must have missed the class where selling out your closest friend was a good idea.”
“Buckwheat pillow,” Sherlock said, straightening. “I pulled a muscle last summer, and Mummy bought it for me. You can either put it in the freezer or microwave it. I found that it helped.”
“I was embarrassed, John. I was so disgusted with myself.” Sherlock paused, bowing his head to mutter toward the mattress. “I started trading sex for jezaweed from Galen.”
“What happened? I’m assuming things didn’t go well.”
“Is this okay?”
“I don’t want to go to the lounge. There are
“Oh! I wonder whether this is a victim from one of the cold cases. Can you determine cause of death, John?”
“I can carry it if it’s too much.”
“MERLIN!”
“Hmmm.” The man smirked, rumbling a pleased noise from inside his throat.
“Oh, what’s the point of having Wizards in the family if they can’t help you out when you need it,” Harry growled, folding her arms over her chest.
“Any time.” Sherlock smiled.
“Told John what?” Sherlock reared back slightly.
“ADAMS, GLENN”
Sherlock’s orgasm roared over him like a tidal wave, bringing John along with him as he shook with the force of it. Sherlock kept himself braced on his forearms until he couldn’t any longer. He collapsed over John struggling to get his breath back as John panted under him.
“Jean, your lost your father in the Battle of Hogwarts, did you not?”
“Let’s go find some really massive pieces of cake, and eat it where he can see.”
John sat back, eyebrows raised.
“What?” John put down his fork.
“John, were you serious earlier . . .” Sherlock’s pupils were blown wide, his gaze unfocused as he blinked at John.
“I’ll have to look at it later. Is it far from here?”
“Residential Services, Marjorie speaking.”
“Fuck you, Mycroft.” Sherlock hung his head as Mycroft took to his feet.
“So, do you think it’s really a clue or just a coincidence?”
“Some big drug trafficking case, a couple of murders. We talked a bit when he first arrived, and then I saw him briefly on Wednesday. What’s he told you?”
His boxers, the last shred of his dignity, were cut away, and a warm wet engulfed his throbbing prick
John watched, somewhat baffled as Sherlock flitted about the room digging through drawers, plucking things out to make a small pile on a desktop. John lifted the protractor, looking at the bit of string, a weight, a compass, and the ruler beneath. Sherlock gave a cry of delight, returning with a hammer and a box of nails he’d unearthed from somewhere to add to his collection.
“Yep. It’s a dare. You have to do it,” Sherlock smirked.
“Yeah, and here’s Summer Flu, and Stomach Rot.” John lifted the fuzzy shapes fondly. “I used to love the giant microbes.”
The week had brought a few milestones. John had interviewed at the surgery in Eastbourne that was looking for another GP. He’d been offered the part-time position, just as Sherlock had predicted. It wasn’t a flashy job by any means, but anything that pulled John farther away from the pit of feeling useless he’d fallen into with his injury was a good thing.
“Hullo, Mycroft,” John said. “How are you?”
“Aren’t you eating anything?” Victor prodded.
“Oh Prophets’ balls. You’ve brought us to a fight club, Sherlock,” John groaned beside him.
He looked adorable with his curls sticking up in clumps, and a pillow crease on one cheek. John wanted nothing more than to climb back into bed and kiss him simply everywhere, but . . . Harry. John made his way to the loo, and after using the toilet, called his sister.
Ah. Sherlock’s mind went off on several tangents. Already John was agreeing to future sessions. That was promising.
“You had him. You absolutely could have wiped Reese all over the floor. You chose to get your face bashed in instead, didn’t you?” John pressed a strip of plastiskin neatly over the cut, sealing the sides together.
“You’ll tell me if you don’t like anything? Immediately?”
“John, we ARE together. We don’t have to make a big deal about it.”
John leaned in for a final squeeze to his shoulder before turning to go.
John’s mind whirred toward the best pregnancy test to recommend.
Clean-up was minimal, and John pulled Sherlock into a hug when they were done. He suggested they go to bed early that night, punctuating the suggestion with a line of kisses pressed along Sherlock’s jaw.
“Then pinch one, hard.”
“Honestly, it’s your own fault you’ve been grounded, Sherlock. What were you thinking playing with the cook’s son at your age? Out in public dressed like a servant yourself? Madness.”
“Perfectly.” Sherlock grinned at John as he methodically stripped away all of his clothing dropping it piece by piece on the counter.
CRACK. John hit the bludger sending it soaring toward Victoire with all his might.  SMACK. She countered it smoothly sending the ball back.  They drew closer beating the ball back and forth, countering it as it tried to get away and continue its odd, single-minded pursuit of Alastaire.
“John, it was so nice to meet you. You’ll take care of this one, yes?” Lily tipped her head toward Sherlock. “I know he’s not always easy, but he needs someone. Keep him in line.” She winked.
“Prophets,” John breathed. “Wow. This is huge, Sherlock, HUGE.” John squeezed his arm.  “Well, I think we need to celebrate. I’m sorry I don’t have any wine on me.”
Although celebrating the Peldor festival was forbidden, Sherlock still saw hints of the holiday all over the marketplace.  It was in plain sight if you knew where to look. Scraps of purple fabric tied in out-of-the-way spots fluttered in the breeze, good luck charms swung from several stalls, and the smell of burning Bateret leaves laced the air. The Bajorans out shopping smiled, bustling about with a joviality that defied the chill, overcast day, and the few Cardassian guards glowering from the corners.
“So you really did attend a computer camp with this Victor?”
“In case we haven’t been introduced, my name is Sherlock Holmes. Holmes is my last name. You may address me as ‘sir’, ‘teacher’, or ‘Mr. Holmes.’ I have been asked to instruct you in the ways of mok’bara. This is an ancient and respected art in the form of warfare. It uses hands, feet, and in a more advanced state, poles and knives. Many of you if asked who your greatest enemy is, might say the Cardassian Empire, and I would agree with you that the Empire is a formidable force, but not your greatest enemy.”
“John, I need someone to come and pose as my partner at this wedding.” Sherlock pressed his lips together. “I wondered if you could pretend to be my boyfriend? It would be a complete sham. You wouldn’t be required to spend any time with me beyond official events. All your expenses would be covered, and as I said, the hotel has many amenities that would offer relaxation. You’d be free to do as you wish, and there would be a number of attractive young ladies in attendance to socialize with. I simply ask that you refrain from actively pulling anyone at the event.”
“You taste like fruit salad,” John said.
“Ah,” John felt a small bonfire ignite in his veins. “Well, we’ll take it slow then.”
“Hey, thanks for coming,” John said as Sherlock reached him.
“Yes, it’s difficult to see when it’s covered like this, but the bees naturally form a grid of interlocking cells to hold it, it’s really quite a clever design.”
Mycroft turned to go, but caught himself at the last minute. “Oh, and Sherlock. Do send Mummy a short note even if it’s only to let her know you haven’t perished in some horrid accident.”
“Yes, well . . .” Sherlock flushed.
“Right, thanks, this was fantastic, mate. I really appreciate it.”
“John.” Sherlock raised an eyebrow. “There’s no music.”
made the booking for me, or rather his assistant did which is much the same thing.” Sherlock found an armchair across from the bed, and flung himself into it suddenly too weary to even remain standing.
“Fire away.” He spread his hands in a companionable gesture.
Once Sherlock had on clean clothes, his wet hair slicked back, no longer smelling of smoke, the events of the night receded taking on an almost dreamlike quality.  He and John sat at the table as John’s mum filled their cups.
“Wait, wait,” Sherlock called as he jumped out, sprinting around the Aston Martin to open John’s door. John slid out as it popped open to a waiting Sherlock.
“Hmm, I don’t know, let’s each check our own rooms.”
John was sat on a stool, his hands shoved under this thighs obviously taking Sherlock at his word to not touch anything.  Sherlock felt instantly sorry for chastising him.
“You look good, John. How are you feeling?” She leaned against the worktop, watching as John opened the fridge for the trifle.
“You do look a bit off. You might feel better in morning, but if you do still want to go home early, it’s fine. I know Kate will be happy to see me.”
Sherlock was quick to comply, baring himself from the waist down. John shucked his own trousers, as well as the silk boxers he’d borrowed from Sherlock. Then they repositioned themselves, this time each placing both feet in the other’s lap.
“John, you aren’t stupid.” Sherlock bit into the apple with a crunch.
“WATSON. Hey, Watson John.” Two Bajoran youths interrupted them, calling from across the street. They ran brazenly through the traffic. A few horns honked, but the boys just laughed as they made it safely through to the kerb. They were taller than John, and thicker, though some of that was the padded jackets they wore, built up around the neck and shoulders to mimic the natural look of a Cardassian. It seemed to be the new fashion.
He ended up popping a video into the player, a Bond flick he’d seen before and liked, but then he hardly watched that either.
Sherlock loved to dance, but the kind of dancing he knew involved specific steps, and a different sort of music altogether. This free-form flailing about was a completely different animal, and he had no idea where to even start. John smiled so fetchingly though, tugging him toward the swaying crowd, that Sherlock gave up resisting and followed.
“Yeah, who knows what Alastaire was doing out here in the first place,” Teddy said darkly.
“You, two. OUT.” She jerked her head to the door, and the younger boys scampered out on Alastaire’s heels.
His first thought was how sad and old Mycroft looked. Had he noticed it the first time his brother had spoken with him? His second thought was
The way Mycroft Holmes said “chat” sounded as if he were using a word from another language and wasn’t quite sure of the meaning.
“If you don’t mind my asking, how did you get involved with the
Back at the house, Sherlock found an old picture of John in a Boy Scouts uniform. “Can I have it?” he asked, eyes shining.
“Some basic steps will be easy enough.”
“John,” Sherlock breathed.
“I think we were both clouded by preconceived notions.”
“Brilliant.” Teddy beamed.
“Well, Holmes. Wonder what you’ve done now? Not as spit spot as we all thought?” Anderson took the opportunity to sneer at him.
“Thank you, it’s my favorite.”
“No, no, if I’m competing with a past ex of yours, I should know something about him.”
“Yeah, come on, I didn’t have all those lessons for nothing.” John pushed back from his chair to stand.
“Oh, I know, Merlin, what were they thinking? If they didn’t want to scare us off first term, you think they’d go a bit easier.”
John set about readying himself for bed, went to change and brush his teeth. Sherlock of course looked as if he hadn’t moved a muscle in the meanwhile.
“Mr. Holmes, may I have this dance?”
“God, yes.”
. At some point, John relocated the tube of lubricant, and slicked them both up, and they locked hands together, pushing inside their slippery joined fists. Sherlock tumbled apart with a cry, feeling John follow soon after.
John glanced about the happy crowd, eating and drinking thanks to Clara’s father and his dental practice. It was good the Camerons were well off because the Watsons hardly had two coins to rub together. Most of the guests were from Clara’s side. Harry had only managed to scrounge up a few cousins they hardly knew, and a few friends from uni . . . and him of course. John moved back to the bar to get another drink, looking up as a group of musicians began setting up on a small stage in the back.  A few portly gentlemen, in tartan waistcoats tuned their instruments, but it was the long drink of water in a dark suit with a violin that snagged his eye. John ordered his whiskey on the rocks, and moved closer to watch as the band launched into their first number. It was something soft and pretty, background music until the dancing began later.
“Yup.” John swallowed, his mouth gone suddenly dry.
“So, you want to try that? Together?”
Mycroft’s face barely moved, but Sherlock caught the twitch of his left eyelid. He’d only been teasing his brother about being a spy, but it seems he’d inadvertently hit a nerve.  “Nooooo. You?” Sherlock’s jaw nearly dropped.
Sherlock snorted rudely, but John cringed.
“I grew up on the other side of those mountains,” Lupaza said as they stumped along, their feet kicking up dust from the barren field. “Most of the resistance started with the mountain folk. We’re used to doing for ourselves.”
Sherlock went exploring, his beautiful mouth and fingers moving over John, lips and tongue caressing every inch they came to. John closed his eyes and groaned, simply adrift in a sea of sensation lapping over him. He cried out when a mouth closed over a nipple and sucked. Inexorably, the warm softness moved down his chest and belly, sliding and slipping until the most glorious wet heat engulfed his cock.
“I received a promotion,” Sherlock blurted out.
“Oh, Sherlock, that’s fantastic, I so appreciate it.” Molly fiddled with the cuff of her shirt, setting it straight. “Plus, I wasn’t going to say anything, but I heard some of the other officer wives talking about you. People are going to want to set you up with their daughters and sisters fairly soon. This would head them off ahead of time.”
“Bloody hell,” John breathed. It looked like a candy shop of BDSM.
Mycroft lifted an eyebrow, but remained silent.
“Peace, son.” The Kai held up a hand. “No one is on trial today. We’re simply . . . getting acquainted. Mr. Holmes, if you wouldn’t mind joining me in my rooms?”
“I realized I had some pressing matters to take care of last night.” Sherlock’s diction grew more grouse-hunt-and-port-with-the-gents as he continued. “Unfortunately I was unable to attend.”
“Nonsense, that’s your favourite restaurant in Hogsmeade.  Of course we’re going.”
They leaned back into the cushions to have each other then, peeling away their clothes to uncover warm skin. John scooped up something and smeared it over Sherlock, licking away what turned out to be honey with gusto. Sherlock giggled and then groaned as John’s tongue made it down to his cock, hot and hard, reaching up to John in the blackness. John wrapped a hand around the base, licking slow, broad stripes up the shaft as Sherlock mumbled encouragement, his hand coming up to tangle in John’s hair.
“Bollocks.” John said returning to capture his lips with his own. Heat seared through John as Sherlock made a sort of squeak and dropped a hand to his arse, dragging him even closer.
“Yes, ma’am, John Watson.”
“Ah well, we knew it was coming.” Dom sighed looking about at the adobe-sided villa, and the waves gently rolling on the beach beyond. “This was just a lark before the shop swallowed us up again.”
“No, it’s no problem. I don’t think anyone else noticed it. I’m . . . I’m glad you could come. I’m so sorry about all this . . .” Sherlock flapped a hand towards the house and all contained within.
John tried to babble out what had happened when Harry cut over him.
“I think he was alone.”
Sherlock’s family was safe, and that was the best news, but they still didn’t want him seeing John. The idea of not seeing John had been horrid before, but after unraveling themselves together, after a night of sleeping cradled in John’s arms. Well, the idea of not being able to see John when he needed to was intolerable.
“What?” John frowned again.
“Aaaah,” Sherlock sighed contentedly, sinking deeper into the mattress.
You come veiled
Sherlock loathed the tea parties where he had to wear upright collars, and mingle with snotty Cardassians of his own age “to give him some polish in these accursed colonies.” He’d growled at the prats often enough that they cut him a wide berth at events now. Only one, Molly Hooper, a shy daughter of Glinn Hooper, one of the officers under his father, still agreed to suffer his surly company. Sherlock had to admit that Molly was one of the least idiotic specimens there, and the two enjoyed discussing scientific news as it came out in the journals. Molly probably would have become a friend to Sherlock if he hadn’t spent every minute of those gathering counting down the time until he could see John again. First-day was the only time in the week the two of them had the whole day together. Second-day was for religious observances, and many of the servants including John and his mum had the day off, spending it away from the manor.
“Soddering, bloody, buggering, slime-laden hell.” Tedd groaned. “What is the answer for section five? I swear the NEWTs are going to KILL me.” He poked at his page of sample questions.
“Yes, sir, that’s true. My older brother.” Sherlock tried not to wince at the pressure on his fingers nor the invoking of Mycroft’s name. “Prefect, may I introduce Professor Irene Adler?” Sherlock nodded her way.
These were John’s superiors, Sherlock could see it in the way they held themselves, and the way John deferred to them. Shakaar strode up the stairs first, confident that the others would follow. Sherlock fell in line behind with John at his heels. Kira hung back, bringing up the rear, no doubt on high alert. Sherlock could feel her dark eyes boring holes in the back of his head, just waiting for him to make a wrong move. It made the short hairs stand up at his nape.
“Yeah, yeah,” John agreed, moving back to look up as well. “It’s incredible.”
He straightened and was startled by a flurry of long limbs, and curls smashed against his cheek. John whoosed out a breath in surprise as Sherlock embraced him tightly from behind.
“Oh, sorry.” John lifted his head from a cushion to watch as Sherlock scooped up his garment bag and went to hang it beside his own in the wardrobe.
“Yup.” John swept his eyes over Sherlock again, a gaze that was pure heat. “Christ, but you’re a lovely thing.”
“You heard me, go now.” Jenno tried to shoo them, jerking the light of the torch quickly toward the gate. He sighed when no one budged. Switching the light to his other hand, he rummaged in his jacket. As he stepped closer, Sherlock realized the man had a disruptor trained on him.
“No, not really. I just didn’t mean to fall asleep like that.”
Sherlock harrumphed, but settled in to slurp the rest of his soup without further comment.  When they were done, they binned their cups, John leading Sherlock down streets farther and farther away from any foot traffic. When they reached a transit stop by a small abandoned-looking park,  John let them rest, finding a low wall to perch on.
“Yeah, where does the love go? Where does it go?” John mused taking the bottle for another swig.
“Fifty percent of all marriages end in divorce.” Mercurial blue eyes darted over John’s, searching.
“Git.” John smiled, and tugged Sherlock back into his arms. “I put it on for you.”
“Look,” John said, crossing his arms as he shifting his weight from foot to foot, “if you’ve got some kind of kilt fetish or something  . . .”
“Seems like forever, but yeah, it’s been awhile.” The side of Victor’s mouth curled up.
“You have a beautiful tight arse, Captain. I think I need to plunge my sword into its fiery depths.”
“Yeah, alright, later. Bye, guys!” John waved as they took off.
“I’m not sure how to do this.” Sherlock’s voice came out so small and quiet.
“Well, sir, I would be most honored.” Irene smiled.
“Brilliant,” John said, “and maybe we can go by a grocery and pick up some things so we aren’t eating out every meal?”
“Fair enough.” Sherlock shrugged.
“Yes, ma’am, thank you ma’am.” John smiled as he scooped up his apple and crunched a satisfying bite from it.
John threw some clothes into the washer before heading upstairs. Sherlock had left some mail on the table in the hall, and John grabbed a journal he subscribed to from under the bills and ads. He got ready for bed, changed into his pj’s, and settled under the blankets with the magazine as he waited for Sherlock to appear.
The man raised the honey to his mouth, his brows drawing down slightly as he pulled the spoon back out, considering.
John nods once and gulps. "Gah! Yes." His leg muscles tremble and his shoulder twinges a bit, but his wrists don't hurt. He wouldn’t bloody notice if they did.
John pulled open the door to slide into the driver’s side, trying to pummel words into some kind of order in his brain. He needed to say something good,
“Truth,” Tom said, tipping his chin toward the Slytherin table across the room. Now that John focused, he could see a strawberry blond head there next to the tall raven-haired Rhys.
“Oh, right. Let’s go.” Sherlock nodded.
“What? What’s the matter?” John stopped beside her.
“Harry, that is a load of bollocks. Stop telling Sherlock such rubbish,” John complained.
“Did you solve it yet? Do you know where Emile is?” Charles, another stunningly-attractive twink of a thing appeared to sidle up to Sherlock’s other side. He was dressed in something that looked like harem pants and a filmy bejeweled top that kept slipping off one shoulder.
“No.” Sherlock said simply, returning to mouth across John’s chest. “If we . . . ignore them," he mumbled between kisses, "they’ll go . . . away.”
“Keep it small. We can’t have a mass exodus.”
“If you could stand up, please?”
“I tell you, Lara, it’s good you caught me when you did,” he called back over his shoulder.  “They’re closing some of the roads down. I’ll have to stay with my sister tonight as it is.”
, it’s my heat.” John writhed on the bench, arching his back as he palmed the small bulge in his shorts.
Something clicked for Sherlock. He turned to John, surprised.
“Christ, it was mad. Mum’s new fellow, Stephen, God, he came over for Christmas Eve, and brought his kids. It was awful – two little brats who wanted to be at their mother’s house. They were going there right after dinner. Harry got mullered and started singing x-rated carols. At least on Christmas day, Harry had a hangover and it was just us . . . what, have I got egg on my face or something?” John broke off.
“Let’s wait for the faster songs they’ll do in a few minutes once the old people get tired.” Sherlock slumped in his chair. John watched him tipping his glass to his lips to take a swallow, his adam’s apple bobbing  along his throat. Why was that so damned sexy? John licked his lips.
“That will be all, private,” Sherlock sneered at the man closest, waiting until he backed away, before opening the front door. “The Obsidian Order thanks you for your service.”
“So, what is this place exactly?” Sherlock swung back to John who had risen to drop his empty packages into the kitchen’s recycler bin.
John kissed his shoulder in apology and slicked his hand with the come which was decorating Sherlock’s stomach and chest. He closed it around Sherlock’s cock, and the wail that Sherlock made in response made John very glad they were the only people on the island. Sherlock fucked up into his hand and less than a minute later he was arching up off of the ground and adding to the mess on his stomach.
John sighed as the chasers on his impromptu team, a pair of giggly girls, almost fell off their brooms trying to hit the quaffle. Only their keeper actually played on his school’s Quidditch team. The rest of the group were part-timers at best, so it was mainly John on the blue team, and Alastaire on the green team gunning for points. John held his hands up in triumph as his teammates cheered his third score in a row. He’d brought the tally up to 15 to 10 in their favour.  John glanced at the garden to see if Sherlock had noticed his triumph, but his cousin Claudette had joined him and they sat, dark heads bent together intent on some spirited discussion.
Sherlock nodded, and John rose, taking his hand to tug him toward the back. A tall Cardassian man stepped in front of them.
“Thanks.” John felt his cheeks heating, a sense of unease prickling up the back of his neck.
There was a hush in the cold night air as they crunched over the gravel to the front door, a sharp sliver of moon hanging overhead. Sherlock pulled out the key, and let them into the warmth of the foyer.
“What’s going on?” Sherlock demanded.
John sighed. “I am disappointed, but not in you, sweetheart.” He clicked off the wand and returned it to its place on the shelf. “I’m sorry you came out here to offer help, and had to deal with the likes of Reese.”
“Yes.” Sherlock looked down at his hands that had wound themselves together. “The thing of it is, we’re . . . together. At least as often as we can be.”
“I’m just for the loo,” Sherlock said, heading upstairs.
“Your equipment works for me,” Gwen smiled, standing nearby with her bag.
“Oh, you know, shopping, this and that.”  John shrugged. “And you?”
“I was off my tits one weekend, bored as usual, and I stumbled on a crime scene a block from my flat. I solved the crime in a few minutes, pointed out all the clues the morons investigating had missed. They thought I was the murderer. Had me arrested.”
“Good.” John nodded, tugging Sherlock gently back to the balcony doors, toward the noise and heat of the party, and their friends somewhere inside.
“It’s not dangerous, or flashy. I thought Alphas went in for race car drivers, pop stars, running companies.” John waved a hand around to indicate the office.
“Alright.” Sherlock glanced over the list, quickly committing it to memory, a research facility, a storage building, and two power plants scattered throughout several nearby areas.  “Will they be staffed at the time of these malfunctions?” Sherlock handed the pad back.
“What?” John struggled to awareness. “What do you mean, love?” His hand found its way to the top of Sherlock’s head, carding through his hair.
“John we
Sherlock looked so adorable, John had to move up to drop kisses all across said cheekbones. “I’m paraphrasing,” John said between smooches. “All I really remember is your gorgeous wet self riding me until I came like a freight train. God, I fucked you for three days straight. We barely even stopped to drink
“So modest too.” Teddy reached around Owen to grab the marmalade when the other boy had finished with it. He turned to offer it to Victoire at his other side, but she wrinkled her nose and waved it off.
Sherlock took a long drag from his cigarette, relishing the soothing burn deep in his lungs. He held it a moment before letting the smoke burst forth in a stream. He’d promised himself he wouldn’t smoke while John was visiting, but waiting for him, aching to see him . . . well, he’d cut himself some slack for now.
Sherlock paused as Mycroft put out a hand. “Congratulations, Sherlock. You’ve done the Holmes family proud.”
“Prophets. I’m so sorry John. I can look, see if I can find her.”
“John.” Something flickered over that beautiful face as his eyes darted over John.
“Oh, love, it’s fine. You don’t have to be buttoned-up all the time.” John ducked his head to drop a kiss at Sherlock’s temple just below his hairline. His tangle of curls relaxed in the steam, hanging heavier around his face. “I thought your device was very clever.”
“No, never.” Sherlock inhaled John’s scent, pulling it deeply into his lungs.
“Alright, what the hell’s going on?” John bellowed. “Did you all think this was funny? Some kind of joke?”
was just a way to pay the bills, it wasn’t anything like a career. It’s fine. I was thinking of retiring soon anyway. It’s just . . . God. What will I do with myself now?” John glanced around a flat that could soon become a cage.
“Yeah, it was mad,” Thomas said. “Some of the guys are probably still in bed sleeping it off.”
“That’s just Sherlock,” John said dismissively. “Did you tell Mum . . .”
“Good riddance to birds!” Owen said once he’d opened the firewhiskey.  “Who needs ‘em?” He raised the bottle in tribute, but stopped before it reached his lips, pausing to think, “But for you it’s blokes too, eh?” He frowned as he glanced toward John.
“John, wake up,” he whispered. “We’re in trouble, and we need to get out of here. We’re going to have to go out the window.”
“What happened with your ex-husband?” John lifted his head.
“You don’t get to do this, Victor. Say something else about John, and you can start walking to the train station.”
The boy walked over, a hint of his earlier cheek in his rolling gait as he stepped out in front of his friends.
He was informed that the lax guard who had been driving him to the library was being replaced with a new escort, one who would be staying by his side when he was allowed to leave the house once more. As Father yelled, and Mummy cried, Sherlock stood stiffly, jaw locked, and let it roll over him, planning what he would say to John when he saw him next. Then Father dropped the bomb he’d been saving for last. John was no longer welcome to come to the house, and Sherlock was not to see him elsewhere. No contact of any sort would be allowed any more. Sherlock yelled back then, railed at the injustice of it all, and was banished to his locked room for the rest of his day for all his efforts to make his parents see reason.
“I want . . . something a little different, if you’re up for it.”
“A soldier.”
"A note from Mycroft, and another envelope."
“John,” Sherlock whispered. “I’m
John’s gaze moved to linger over Sherlock’s face, his eyes turning soft. It made something warm settle low in his belly. Suddenly Sherlock couldn’t wait to find a quiet room of their own.
John could see Sherlock jump starting his brain like a computer booting up. It was dead sexy.
“Vic, sorry.” John said wincing as he righted her. “I am such an idiot.”
In a flurry of good-byes, and air kisses, and floral perfume, the women made their farewells, and floated off out the front door.
“John. JOHN! Saved you a seat!” A hand waved above the crowd as John entered the lecture hall.
A middle-aged Wizard greeted him, but John just shook his head. “I’m sorry, I don’t speak German.  I’m looking for Sherlock. I’m a friend of his. Do you know if he’s here today?”
“Would she let you drive her car now?”
John looked up, still grasping the wire. “They who are gone sounds like someone who was on this island before us. Someone else who escaped? Which doesn't make much sense. Or… someone dead.”
John murmured something, anything against his skin as his hand moved, picking up speed, working the hot flesh, silk over steel. He felt a burst of pride as Sherlock gasped and exploded under his hand, hot come slipping between his fingers.
Awareness returned to Sherlock in gradual stages. He fought the grogginess weighing him dow to assess his situation, gathering what information he could with his eyes still closed. Mouth parched. Head a constant throb. His body ached, but everything seemed to be generally intact. Sherlock realized he was lying on something unyielding, most likely metal, his boots were gone as his feet were cold. Sherlock moved his tongue cautiously around his mouth, trying to generate some small amount of moisture before he braved the task of cracking open his eyelids.
“Alright, then.” John nodded. “We’ll, erm, we’ll see you later.”
“Let’s start with number 8,” Sherlock suggested. “Maybe there’s a clue in the lyrics.”
“I wouldn’t know.” Sherlock shrugged “I tried to put as much distance between me and other people as possible. I found them mildly annoying at best.”
“Well, that’s something.” Sherlock sniffed unhappily until John pulled him in, and dropped kisses all over his face until he laughed.
“Manners, Sherlock.” Mycroft looked coolly affronted as he rose to his feet, gathering an umbrella and a briefcase that had been sitting on the floor by his side.
John walked with Sherlock into the portkey station. It was an old building with tall windows, a much smaller space than the one he’d seen in London, but still filled with the hustle and bustle of people with too many parcels and bags in transit. The smell of burnt coffee seemed to linger no matter where they went, and it only added to John’s already plummeting mood. John chewed his lip, watching as Sherlock found his gate. Sherlock turned, his pale eyes cloudy as a winter sky.
“I couldn’t agree more,” Sherlock purred. He reached down to link their hands and tugged John on toward the village. “Tomorrow, you can apparate us both somewhere.”
“Oh God, I still have to put up . . . the rest of Irene’s fliers.” John stopped to fish the stack out of his bag. “Go on, I’ll catch you later.”
“It’s daylight,” Lupaza stated flatly. “Come on, there’s a soil reclaimator that you found a few kilometers away from here. Let’s go get it.  If we’re going to grow food for the Resistance, let’s start growing food.”
“Johnny said you won awards at that school, and a job making potions.” Harry let one side of her mouth quirk up. “I bet you know how to mix a proper love spell, yeah?”
Sherlock was nearly biting his nails when Irene finally emerged with her suitcases in tow. At the front desk, Sherlock requested a car, and asked after Molly and her husband, Dov Vorlem. Relief flooded over him when he heard they had already checked out. Sherlock joined Irene on one of the couches in the lobby to wait, nearly bouncing out of his skin with impatience.
Sherlock set the digital clock to 3:30, and opened the bulletproof glass door.
Another quick look around the place confirmed the name plates were the only points of interest in the boring, grey rooms.  John drank some water from the sink of the bathroom before they decided to head back to their living quarters. Sherlock gathered up the laptop at the door to the maze, and popped it open to use as a guide as they moved back through the unlit space.
They tried to simply push the rock aside with their combined strength, but the boulder had been set by magic and would not be moved by any other force. A great melancholy descended over the group at their failure. The dwarves were nearly ready to concede that their journey had been in vain when the little Hobbit felt compelled to speak.
“Well, that could be easily remedied.” Sherlock smiled as John dropped his covering with a flourish and proceeded to climb starkers over him, pushing him back with a growl as he spread them both over the bed. They reached for each other just a bit desperately, fingers grasping, lips crashing, drinking each other down like sweet wine. John rolled them to their sides, his hands going to Sherlock’s buttons. “God, I want you
“Sherlock, stop. It happened. It’s okay . . . I don’t blame you.”
“Oh, he didn’t. The wanker.” John raised both eyebrows.
“Oh, well then.” John stepped forward to place the phone carefully back on its shelf in the pillar.
“Good, let’s go. Show it to me.”
“Thanks.” She smiled a watery smile. Nodding wordlessly to Sherlock, she passed him, moving to her room.
“Oh, honey, I don’t think I’ve got the right equipment for that,” Irene’s laugh tinkled around them.
Sherlock wrinkled his nose. He watched Molly polishing off the sweet, thoughts roiling through his mind before he was able to focus them enough to ask a question.
“Yeah, we’ve been friends since freshman year. We pre-meds have to stick together.” John smiled. “That was good what you did tonight, helping out with the study group. I know you hardly needed
“Morning.” John breezed in, damp from a shower.
“Hey, Sh . . . William. Glad you could make it.”
“Good night, John.”
John could hear Alastaire grinding his teeth across the room.
“How should we . . .”
Sherlock leans over and opens the infamous Drawer of Sex Toys.
Sherlock sat heavily on the edge of the bed to put on his shoes. “Well .  . . you were pretty brilliant yourself,” he admitted, bending down as he tied his laces so he didn’t have to meet John’s eyes.
“I guess I do.” John laughed. “Do you mind?”
“What’s the status on the new cloaking field?” John turned to Gant.
“Oh, please, no. I’ll see if my father has something he can lend me.”
He could have waited until the next day to call on the second Omega in question, John Watson, but it wasn’t unreasonably late for a visit. Sherlock swung off at the tube stop closest to the man’s address and found himself quickly enough outside a tall residential building. It was in a fairly nice area of town, and posh enough to include a full-time doorman on staff. Sherlock went through a bit of a song and dance, showing his I.D., and having the suspicious Beta call up to John’s flat to approve him before he could even start towards the lifts.
Going against their word, their dwarves broke out into gales of laughter at the Little Hobbit who had blushed clean up to his pointed ears. Chortling and giggling, the dwarves clutched their round bellies with mirth until the grating sound of the large stone moving stopped them. When the stone had moved back just enough to allow a very small person to slip through, the dwarves patted the hobbit on the back and wished him luck on this quest to find the hidden gem.
“Thank you.” Sherlock flushed.
“Yeah, I know. I can see how it might look that way. I mean we are rooming together . . . and with the bed and all.” John shrugged, and grabbed his fork to continue eating. “I mean honestly when you keep waking up with someone half on top of you, you start to think, well, there must be something there, but he’s just not like that . . .” John stopped when he realized what he’d said aloud.
“Hey there, Mr. Holmes, still hot on the trail for clues?” Mona, an older single Beta who did the accounting, greeted him more energetically.
“Oooh.” John shivered.
Sherlock shifted on his pile of cushions, setting down his reader pad to better listen to the conversation drifting up through the air vents. He often came upstairs to his hidden spot in the attic to read and think alone, but his nest had the misfortune of being directly above his parents’ dressing room.
“I can’t believe you had the presence of mind to remember that.” A blush had crept across Sherlock’s lovely sculpted cheekbones. “I know I hardly do.”
When time was called, they won, they’d actually won, 3 - 2. The team went wild, jumping up and down, yelling. Someone lifted a bucket of ice and threw it into the air.  John found himself clutched in a group of screaming lads when he turned and saw Sherlock on the sidelines, his face blazing bright.
“Ah well, no worries. I’m sure they’ll get around to it.”
“You have very good ideas, John Watson.”
“Oh, Irene, he’s not . . . social.” John shrugged her off.
“What . . . Sherlock?” John cried out, hurrying after the suddenly missing detective.
“Yeah, thanks, things are going pretty good.”
"God, it smells so good in here!" John breathed in deeply.
John felt a blush rise up his neck. “Oh well, there’s not that much to tell about me.”
“Tell you later,” John managed to murmur before the new professor started class.
“The Arsenals, football team?” John leaned in with a laugh, setting his elbows to the table top. “Don’t tell me you’ve deleted football?”
“Poor creature. I left the surgery as soon as I could.” John lifted a hand to smooth down Sherlock’s flank, giving his plump arse a friendly squeeze. At Sherlock’s pleased noise, John scootched his hand between his pregnant Omega and the back of the sofa to knead at the sore muscles along his strained lower back.
“You and Teddy can find a smaller flat, and I’ve already written Mungo’s and declined my space. I’ve decided to take a job at
“Yeah. Bye.” John moved back. He waved, rooted to the spot, unable to leave until Sherlock set the car into gear, and roared off down the sleepy lane, startling some pigeons on the pavement.
It was a large cylinder a bit taller than Sherlock, and seemed to be made of some kind of metal painted over in bright orange. When he rapped a knuckle against it, it rang hollow. Immediately Sherlock began to search over its surface.
Many thanks again to my lovely betas, the-navel-treatment, and otp221b for their fast and fabulous services at fixing this latest chapter up! You guys ROCK! :)
“Well, of course I have — on many occasions. I’m not wearing any pants now. But I suppose the most noteworthy time was when I showed up at Buckingham Palace in nothing but a bed sheet.”
His face was so open, and warm, his eyes such dark wells of blue, that Sherlock had to pull him close. “You’re welcome, John,” he breathed into his love’s hair as John’s arms wound around his waist.
“Oh, really? She terrifies most people.”
with him tonight? A simple lip licking had never had such a pronounced effect on him before. Sherlock surreptitiously reached under the table to adjust himself.
“Rekja porridge.” Sherlock smiled. “My favorite.”
“Isn’t it beautiful?” Sherlock peered out the windscreen at the gorgeous display of stars overhead.
“Maybe there’s something in the games room? We could poke around and find things we like there.” John shrugged. “It might lead to something.”
“Hey, WATSON! Get a move on!” One of his teammates called across the field.
free.
Time left him, edges left him, consciousness nearly left him as Sherlock moved, rocking into the hot, slick, center that gripped, and caressed him, bringing pleasure that rippled through him in hard, undulating waves. He could feel his knot swelling, locking him against John's impossibly soft walls. The feeling engulfed him completely. When the haze finally cleared and Sherlock could think a bit, he found he was lying on his side on John’s foyer rug, curled around John’s body, the two of them locked together as his full knot kept them tightly bound.
Time seemed to puddle and lengthen. The jeering faces catcalling around them, the Bajoran’s spreading grin at his small victory, and the beat of Sherlock’s own circulatory system all slowed to an impossible glacially-paced moment.
A reader left a wonderful note about a song that they thought of after reading this story . . .
“Ah, I see.” Sherlock felt a warmth wash over him. “Well, just tell him we need to call heaven . . . because they’re missing an angel.”
John let out a bark of horrified laughter. “God, I’m glad you like me.”
John dropped his arm from around Sherlock to lean closer to her. “Oh, Harry.” He groaned shaking his head. “No, we can’t, really. Besides, most love spells are unethical – the ones that really work. It’s taking free will away from people. Just . . .no. And on a Muggle? Double no.”
John burst out laughing. He pulled out his phone and turned on its light, helping his boyfriend grub around on the walk until they found his keys in the grass by the steps. They couldn’t get the door open fast enough then, or up the stairs quick enough to suit them. Finally, clothes were scattered across the floor, and they were naked crashing into the bed together.
“Come on baby, come all over me . . .” she crooned, looking each of her customers in the eye in turn, mouth opening suggestively as she ran a pink tongue over her dark, shiny lips. She grabbed her crotch, and pumped her hips up off the floor in a clear imitation of coitus. As each of the men went off, pumping out a load, the woman arched up, letting the spunk fall all over her white skin as she moaned in an apparent paroxysm of delight.
John had a cup of tea, but didn’t have the heart to fix any food for breakfast. At work, he struggled to put on a good face, to rally up the energy to give his patients the attention they deserved. When Sarah stopped by his office to say hello, it was salt in an open wound.
“Always.” John hesitated as if he might say something else, but stopped himself. “Bye, Sherlock.”
“Oooh, you have to tell me now.”
Gradually, John realized that Sherlock was asking him something, not merely murmuring a patter of  love and lust.
“Well, I guess that position did spark a little discussion about commitment. After all, you promised not to break up with me the next day if it didn’t go well.”
“Well, we could stay home.” Sherlock dropped his voice until it skimmed through gravel, his lips just brushing John’s ear. “I like that color blue on you.” A large hand slipped down behind John to cup his arse, tugging him a bit nearer.
A pressure in John’s groin reminded him that he hadn’t visited the loo in several hours. He killed the music and pulled out his phone. A quick text confirmed that Mike wasn’t in the building.
John peered at the ball.  It caught the light in a pretty way, but besides finding his own fingers, magnified from the other side, there wasn’t much to see. They both gasped when a small cloud suddenly formed at the orb’s centre. It was blurry, but John thought he saw a flicker of azure waves and bright white sand.  A blond man walked alone on the beach, stripped to the waist. He looked fit, sturdy, and well-tanned as he gazed at the water, putting a hand over his eyes to shield the glare. The vision passed as quickly as it had arrived.
“When can we see each other?” John asked quietly.
Sherlock ran his long fingers over a crack on the side of the table, worrying at it. “John, I’m sorry about Galen.” His pale eyes flicked John’s way. “He’s nobody, really.”
“Well, it’s giving me the willies.”
When they were finally let into the bedroom, they made a beeline for the nearest cupboard. Sherlock opened it to reveal his line of suits. They quickly pushed them aside to inspect the inside of the small space. Feeling around revealed no knobs, or indentations, no irregularities of any sort. Still they rapped along the walls in bursts of five with their knuckles. John finally found the right spot close to the floor. With a slight snick, the back wall slid aside revealing a small shallow space behind.
Sherlock blinked, stunned for a moment. Had the woman somehow discovered that he was a Wizard? He’d tried to be so careful earlier with his wand. Sherlock panicked, opening and closing his mouth as he tried to think. He glanced frantically toward John stuck at the front desk, but he was on the phone and turned away.
Sherlock was quick to agree, “Yes, that's very important.” Possibly thinking more of the snuggling on the sofa that watching the films involved than of the actual movies.
“I’ll see you in a week,” John said.
John raised his eyebrows, but Sherlock put his finger to his lips.
“Mmmm. I like surprises.” The pressure released as long, nimble fingers moved to trail down his back, landing to cup the curve of his arse. “Especially when they’re as nice as this one.” With a quick squeeze, the fingers retreated.
They walked behind the outbuildings, making their way across the empty field to a line of trees. The sun beat down overhead, and Sherlock wished briefly that he’d though to grab a hat before they’d left. John led Sherlock to a gate in the wire fence where his palm over the sensor quickly opened it.
“Come on.” John reached out for Sherlock’s hand, tugging him toward the front door.
“I remember having a few of these too.”
After John pulled on a clean shirt and started on the buttons, Sherlock pulled the small box from his pocket and held it out shyly. “I had one more thing to give you, John, but I wanted to do it in private.”
“Okay. Don’t mind me, just trying to save your spine.” John grabbed his things and stomped off to the loo.
“I could alter my appearance . . .” Sherlock began hotly.
Washed and dressed, John felt slightly more human by the time he made it downstairs. Sherlock was dressed in his usual pyjama bottoms and old, stretched-out tee shirt, leaning against the sink, sipping thoughtfully from a cup.  He gestured toward another steaming cup on the countertop. John grunted in reply and reached for it gratefully. He blew over the hot surface, sipping it down like it was manna from heaven. As John’s head cleared, he managed some rudimentary conversation.
“Yeah, I think it was an accident, but rotten luck.” John nodded.
home, and then I’m leaving Kabul as quickly as possible.”
“It’s not that bad,” Sherlock whispered, joining him as he did up his shirt buttons. “We can hang over the edge, and stretch out before dropping. There’s a low probability of sustaining an injury.”
“Oh? OH.” Claudette’s eyes flashed as she darted forward to pull John into an embrace. She dropped kisses to both his cheeks.
“How were you able to set those people up?”
completely from John's mind.
Mycroft had told him. As if he needed to hear this.
Sherlock was right, the rehearsal was long and somewhat tedious. So many people gathered at the tent in the back garden, flapping about, asking questions. The wedding consultant, a short woman with dyed-red hair and a clipboard, directed everyone along with the tenacity of a bulldog. John found a spot in the lines of chairs already draped in white fabric and tied back with a bow.
— yes! This is so much better than a switch to cut the power to the electric fence. These boxes contain the evidence from
John began by placing a hand on Sherlock’s hip and rubbing a slow circle. Sherlock duplicated the motion on John’s hip. So far, so good.
“Get the tickets for the balcony,” John whispered.
I also found a cute pharmacy building that formed the basis of the chemist shop that the boys visit . . .
“What do you do with the hard bits?” John worked the remaining wax around his mouth.
“Ah, so I’m the first one to get the royal treatment? I must say I’m feeling pretty chuffed.”
“My Nan always said it was better to laugh than cry,” Owen said. “God, I miss her too sometimes.” Owen took the bottle back.
“Better than a half arse.” The berk grinned as he moved away with his spoils.
Finally, after a small eternity, they were able to make their exit. John promised Harry and Clara they wouldn’t be strangers as they finally waved farewell, and made their way back to the car.
“Okay these aren’t food. Baby-buga-boo, Cheeky chimp, Cuddle bunny.”
When the lock released, they made their way to the kitchen. John rummaged through the cupboard while Sherlock put on water for tea. John pulled two likely packets of food from the shelf after Sherlock agreed to a chicken with tomatoes thing. Later at the table, John had nearly devoured his chili while Sherlock was still picking over his plate, working to separate the various elements before consuming any of it.
“Cheer up, John.” Dom slung an arm around his neck. “It might make Sherlock come visit faster when he hears.”
“Alright,
John leaned in, pressing a good-night kiss to Sherlock’s forehead. Sherlock puckered his lips, giving a sleepy air kiss in return. John chuckled, patting his hip through the blankets. John found himself some clean pants and a tee shirt to pull on, then climbed into bed beside Sherlock. Like a heat-seeking missile, the man snuggled in beside him. John turned on his side, letting Sherlock spoon him, and sighed, utterly content with himself, with everything.
The four of them just managed to fit into the cab of the vehicle, Furel in the middle, Sherlock and John squeezed by the door, and Lupaza at the helm. She expertly started the vehicle and steered them past a pile of rubble blocking most of the road.
“Oh, God, Sherlock, I don’t know if I want to get into all that.”
He was sitting with Sadiq and Thomas at one of the round tables set around the dining room.
“I think it’s time for a shower,” Sherlock said, plucking off his pants still tangled around one ankle.
“I threatened no one.” Mycroft straightened himself a bit higher. “I merely pointed out the situation logically . . .”
“Oyster,” John proclaimed after swallowing.
Sherlock reached between their bodies to grasp his erection, stroking himself in time with John's glorious rhythm. With a sweet cry, Sherlock tipped over and came around him, his hole spasming as he splashed warmth between them. It was more than enough to bring John to a roaring orgasm, pleasure pounding through him as he spent his release. It took some time for the world to reassemble. When John could think clearly again, he found himself collapsed over Sherlock, the both of them sweaty and boneless, and stuck together.
“Ah, okay.” Sherlock had actually been too nervous to eat much that day, worrying about their meeting. He could probably benefit from a meal himself.
Mycroft led the way in silence into the maze of trimmed bushes. Only the crunch of their feet on gravel and the distant sound of laughter reached them until they neared a bubbling fountain. A few small lights set into the ground broke the dark of the evening, showing them a wooden bench that Mycroft motioned toward with a sweep of his arm.
Sherlock arrived early at the portkey station, ridiculously so. He parked himself at a café and bought an overpriced cup of tea, nursing it as he waited, watching the passersby. So many people dashed about for the holidays, it made his head spin after all the time spent in the quiet confines of the potions workshop.
"But everything we've done here, we've done together. Now, I'm alone."
“Yeah, come on, it’s Peldor.” A woman in grubby fieldwear called over. “It’s a time for peace.”
Another Cardassian turned to target Lor, still trying to escape.
“Come on.” Sherlock said, grabbing up his skirts. They set off in a flat-out run in any direction that took them from what looked like a riot sweeping across the whole Space Port. Official vehicles with sirens blaring raced past them toward the fray.
“So, how was your week, anything interesting come up?” Sherlock struggled to find a neutral topic of conversation.
“It’s the
“Something like that.” John laughed, not wanting to get into the specifics. “Or maybe I don’t want your ugly mugs scaring up the place.”
“Alright, yeah. Of course they do.”
Sherlock had sent John a text on his way home from IKEA with a picture attached of a decomposing body.
“No, by all means, go ahead.” Sherlock followed along behind him, holding the computer up to light the way, and allowing John to periodically manhandle him onto the scanners.
“And that’s what you’re going to do when it comes to Mycroft and my bedside table drawer?”
Sherlock shut the vibrator off. John’s ragged breath fell harsh in the resulting silence.
“Fine,” Owen said crossing his arms. “We’d best tell Victoire and Joanne.” He nodded in the direction of the girls’ dormitory.
“Their delivery van broke down this morning.” Sherlock hopped a bit until the leather finally gave enough for his long foot to slip inside. “Mmmph. We need to transport the wedding flowers ourselves.” He stood upright, triumphant.
“John, do you wish to be left alone?”
“Oh, Sherlock, stop. Stop doing that. I need to think.”
“Sorry eleven wasn’t part of the initial parameters, but I’ll take that as a positive.”  Sherlock drank in the writhing form that was John. He looked nearly edible with a fine sheen of sweat over him, and a gorgeous flush across his chest. Taking pity on him, Sherlock let a finger swipe along his needy erection.
