Dean moved inside him gently, feeling his sides being wrapped between Cas' thighs. His eyes were locked on Cas', who was whispering soft things so only Dean could hear.
Entering the barn, weapons raised in hand, all they could see was the clothes of the dead witch. Nothing more. Castiel sighed as he looked around. "I feel nothing strange; no strange energy. She's probably gone."
Dean looked up and met Cas' blue eyes. He coughed and blushed pulling his hand out of his pants. "How long have you been here?" he whispered embarrassed. Cas shrugged. "Not much. I just got here"
Dean nodded. He wiped his eyes. “I wasn’t thinking my brother, Cas” he whispered. “He got what he deserved but Benny… Benny died in vain. He might not be into any of this and he still died. That’s unfair.”
Dean stood up transfixed and embraced her. "Thank you. Thank you so fucking much... I owe you... anything, Red, really..."
The little angel nodded happily and Castiel walked away, waving at her. When he went out, at Heaven's grounds, he felt a storm of red hair rushing onto him and then a strong slap on his face. "You shouldn't fuck with my hunter." It was Anna. And she was pissed.
"Dean I think I'm close..." Castiel gasped and kissed him deeply as the hunter moved inside him harder. And faster. Eventually he came deep inside him.
"Your body is perfect... I can't stop staring at you all those weeks you live with us... If you lived back in ancient years, Praxiteles might chizel you instead of Hermes".
"What is it?" Dean whispered, frowning too. "I'm gonna die again, am I not?" Cas looked up at him and stood up, the frown on his face going deeper if that was possible.
Dean stood up and sat next to him. "For you… Amortentia smells like…leather and…gunpowder?" he asked in a curious voice.
Cas growled and felt Dean's fist pumping him fast until he came as well. Then, he carried his lover to the bed, where they laid together. "Thank you, Santa's assistant". Castiel whispered softly and kissed Dean's freckled nose. "That was a nice gift"
The angel appeared into the hunter's motel room. Sam had been out of the bunker for a case, practically leaving Dean and Cas alone. Sam knew about his brother's affair towards the angel and he wanted to help him make a move already.
"You're a Shelby, and I'm the patriarch of this family. As long as you live under my roof, you do as I say" Tommy answered harshly. "I'm done with you and your attidute, sister. You get married tomorrow or get the fuck out of my house."
Cas shakes his head. "I'd very much liked it if you were the one doing...it Dean. Nothing would give me bigger pleasure than having you inside me"
Sam sighed. "Cas's in the bathroom, having a shower, okay?!" He groaned and stood up, walking towards his room. Damn the archangel. He'd punish him with no sex for a 24/7.
"So, what is the reason for the joy of your presense in my house?" Alfie asked. "Benjamin told me it's important -"
The deliver wasn't that nasty as all thought. Besides, they all handled a bit of a blood. Gabriel opens a hole on Dean's belly, where the babies could come out. After a while, high pitched cries were heard. The first baby was held, clean and warm in Sam's hands, in a pink blanket. Sam smiled down at his niece. "Hey, sweetie. You're so beautiful."
That holy terror-y power almost made Dean jeez in his pants. "He's my human and you've no right to talk to him like that, I forbid you! I suggest you finally summon her so we can solve this fucking case anyways!"
"There's a traitor among the Shelbys" Castiel said quickly. "An undercover cop. He's giving information to the police. You should make Thomas understand that life is not all roses. Somebody's betraying him."
When Cas felt the man was close, he pulled back, smirking up at him. "They call me Cas. You can call me Castiel or whatever." he winks. "Now now... can we skip the talking and start fucking?"
To be able to bring Cas back from the Empty, he had to be turned back to human; Dean had to take his Grace away from him so the Empty would release him. But Cas didn't cared. The moment he returned was emotional, especially for Dean. Dean would cry and beg for forgiveness, because he felt responsible for Cas' death. But the ex angel would never let his human feel responsible for a choice of his. After they talked and sorted it out, Dean came clean about his feelings and told him he loved him too. Eileen, on the other hand, the moment Jack brought them all back to normal, called Sam and drove to the bunker the fastest she could. After an epic kiss, they were locked into Sam's bedroom for several hours that day. Nobody questioned it, it was normal.
Willa sat beside Castiel, crossing her long legs. "Well... I think she's unoccupied right now... do you want me to set you up?" she winks.
When all the demons were dead, Sam was pushed against a wall, an angel blade on his throat. He was groaning threatenly. "I'm gonna kill you, you winged ass bastard". He groaned under his teeth. "You killed my siblings!"
It was another ordinary afternoon. The Winchesters, both huddled inside a book in the Bunker's library, frantically searching for a solution, a miracle.
Dean rolled his eyes and laid beside him. "You don't want me, angel, do you?" He frowned, annoyed next to him, his arms folded on his bare chest. He always loved to provoke his angel,he liked to sleep only in his boxers to feel the warmth of the angel on his middle.
I was going home. To my little Sammy. My brother used to write letters to me; about his job as an architect, about Bones, his dog, his every day life. I knew everything he did about two years ago. Suddenly, while I was three years into the Army, his letters stopped. I was worried, afraid something might happen to him... hopefully my commander informed us all that my brother was just fine... there was just a delay on the post office. I read those three new letters relieved, smiling.
Sammy had fallen asleep on his clothes, waiting for Dean to come back. When he opened his eyes, he looked around, searching for his big brother. Dean wasn't anywhere. Sam rolled his eyes as he reached his phone from the nightstand next to him. He had 3 unread messages from Dean.
Cas was always so annoying to Dean and Dean never hesitated to show his annoyance to the blue-eyed Castiel. But now… They were alone, in a small-spaced car. Sam tilted his head, thinking all these new coming things.
Gabriel looked up, hopefully. "No, I didn't regret it. It was amazing, you… were amazing. I want you to stay"
"I must inform you that Sam Winchester, or Jimmy Page, as his street nickname is, was within the pimping circuit that was....employing you, Mr. Novak."the policeman informed us.
After a while, Uriel, the most arrogant Angel alive, approached them. Castiel hated that guy so much.
Dean let a relieved breath out and shrugged. "It's alright, Mr Shelby. There're no hard feelings between us. You know I appreciate you still and I enjoy our cooperation. So if there's even an implication that I might quit... I won't, sir. I want you to know that". Thomas smiled at him and poured some whiskey on their glasses.
Castiel sighed and tried to concentrate on his paperwork. Maybe Joaquin was right. Maybe Castiel should quit from the club and start investigate differently.
Now, Castiel was able to look at the woman more closely; she was watching her Father’s masterpiece for sure. Lips full and pink, like Botticelli’s Venus. She hand blond hair, down to her breasts. Her neck was long and swan line. Her nose tiny and scrunched up, oh so cutely. Her eyes big and green, under a pair of thick eyelashes. Castiel noticed the woman was blushing, her breath was getting in and out of her shallowly, her chest going up and down with every breath.
I fucked him onto the kitchen table, onto the counter, against the wall, almost everywhere. We ended up in bed, exhausted. He looked at me and bursted into laughter.
The next morning, Castiel woke up early. He had a quick bath and rushed to the Police Station; he was supposed to give his weekly report. He wasn't sure if he wanted to quit, leave the case or keep doing this... he sure as hell wasn't. He knocked on the Chief's door, his stomach dancing, moving inside him anxiously.
"I'm Castiel, by the way. I'm... Sam's fiance." I stared back at him, eyes wide. What the heck? Sammy was... I was sure he liked women. I was 100% sure Sammy fancied tits. How the fuck was that even possible?
The tiny little angel bit her lip embarrassed. "I think this is my fault" she admitted. "I had a lot of work lately and accidentally, when God called you, by mistake I confused the vessels. You were supposed to be in James Novak, not Nick Novak. This damn last name they both have in common…" The girl's cheeks flushed and Castiel put a hand on her shoulder. "Don't worry, is everything okay, just… take care of those men okay? Their souls deserve peace."
Castiel broke the connection between their gazes and looked outside the window. A man's figure was passing.
After a week of confinement, Dean opened his door and walked out. "I want to find a spell to bring Cas back. Now."he roared and turned over to the library.
"Ah!" Dean whined as he felt a pain deep in his guts. A terrible pain, like he lost an organ. Like he lost a sibling. Like he lost his brother. He turned slowly to look at Cas. "Something's wrong." He muttered. "Something bad happened to Sammy." Castiel huffed deeply and looked deep into his eyes. "No. It couldn't." he shook his head in denial. He stroked softly Dean's hair as Dean glanced back at the road.
Castiel hummed, thinking about it a little. "How about… Deanna? After her father, who she looks after so much?"
Castiel lets Dean kiss him and melts into it. Even if he was mad at him, he kept needing the tenderness and the kisses. "Get ugly?"
"What present are you going to take him?" Sam asked while they wandered around, Dean looking sceptically over a jewelery shop. "I was thinking maybe a book or something useful? I know guys don't get fancy gifts to each other."
"He's coming! That Shelby guy! Prepare yourselves!" The people backstage starting to get ready immediately; Castiel just boredly started to wear his clothes. He had a goal; he would get these bastards down, sooner or later.
Cas shrugged. "I don't know how the spell works Dean. But you… I'm sure you don't want to have a pair of kids inside your body for the rest of your life."
My grip tightened on the sheets, trying to remain collected. Fuck, I wanted him so much! His eyes were two flaming orbs while he was trying to get comfortable on his armchair, his own boner making it hard too...
He let Willa hold his hand and drag him in the back rooms. She knocked on a door and let him in. "Have fun! Also tell handsome agent I said hi!"
"Dean? Oh my God, put it away!" Sam protested as the elder Winchester put his penis in his pants, blushing. "You-You came earlier?" Dean asked, trying to avoid Sam's gaze. Sam nodded and threw his backpack on the floor. "The hunt was easy and also I needed to take care of you"
Dean immediately turned back to face Castiel's beautiful blue eyes. He couldn't stand this anymore. His flesh was heated, his heart was drumming on a crazy rhythm. He stood up from the chair he was sitting for almost an hour and approached the black-haired angel.
I slapped his ass once and raised my pelvis, so I could push in deeper. When I heard him screaming my name, I almost came inside him.
Castiel hums. "Hm. I know married men don't get much of a free pass for burlesque clubs, Sir." he licks his lips and cuddles close to Dean.
"Why are you doing this? The people we found... they were ripped inside out. They were... in pieces. And they didn't seemed happy in the least" Castiel frowned, feeling his angel blade down his sleeve. "Take me to her."
"None" Castiel stated. "But I've eyes - I work at the bar of the Garrison. Lots of men are asking weird... questions... Thomas is not going to believe me but you... you're his most powerful ally. He'll believe you. Just talk to him... and for God's shake... I wish you forget this conversation ever happened?"
Dean sat beside him and held him into his arms, all while kissing his hair. “Nobody is going to touch you, Cas. I swear. I’m here, with you. Nothing is going to happen”
Castiel remained silent. It was Anna who answered. "Don't be so jealous, Uriel. Cas does God's will. He is blessed, Father trusts him more than all Angels. Father wants Winchesters to be safe. He won't let Sam Winchester to bring the Apocalypse."
Castiel told him everything that happened that night; how Sam threw himself to him, pretending to be the “good guy” by helping him around the pub, keeping him company, tidying up and Castiel felt violated, like Sam was seeking something of him. He told Dean about Sam’s dating offers and how he and Finn returned at closing time, Finn offering a walk home. How he left him alone with Sam, promising he’d return. How Cas tried to keep an eye on Sam, while Sam’s mind was elsewhere, how he pushed Cas against the wall and touching him inappropriately. Cas told Dean every single word that came out of Sam’s mouth. Cas regretted all those feelings he had for Sam; the admiration, the respect, the slight lust… it was all in vain.
Into their rooms, both angels took turns using the bathroom and the shower. Castiel took the longest shower, watching her body, hearing Cassandra’s voice inside her head.
Castiel blushed furiously as he thought about all the sinful things he'd like to do with Dean later. Dean smirked as the thoughts flooded into his head and winked. "Classy. I like it."
Castiel nodded understandably, blinking sweetly, his eyes shining in the dark. He put his hands on the back of Dean's neck and positioned himself on Dean's bulge. When Dean's self got inside Cas, the angel tried to hide a groan. His body was hot, his eyes closed, his head thrown back, screaming things in Enochian. The only word Dean could understand was his name.
"So impatient" he said, biting his bottom lip. He laid on my body and kissed me, demandingly and maniacally.
"Whoa, whoa man!" Sam complained, raising his palms and covering his ears. "I don't need to hear about your sexual life with Cas, okay?"
Cas sighs. "Fine... okay. Let's... ugh. I'll show you." He stood up and gave him his hand, which Dean gratefully took.
Cas' frown got deeper and he pulled Dean's face closer to his. "I want you, Dean. More than anything. Why would you say that?"
"Dean… I don't think it is a mistake. What happened… what we did… You make me feel, Dean. Angels weren't supposed to…feel."
Dean woke up from his sleep, sweat all over his chest and scalp. His scream was still ringing in his voice. He had the weirdest dream; blank, just blank and voices, just his brother's voice to be honest, calling him.
"Sammy and Cassie." He said looking into the angel's eyes. When Cas blushed and looked at him, Dean felt something swirling into his guts, like he was going to get sick. And it was weird cause he hadn't nauseas yet.
"Do you remember…that witch case we had a few weeks ago?" Sam nodded slowly, waiting for him to continue.
We moved around all the time, but he always found us. Cas was scared all the time. I promised him I would always protect him. He was mine forever. He cried, and I tried to comfort him. I was surprised when his laughter sounded in my ears.
After a fucking week I could surely state that I was back to being a fucking teenager. I was feeling blushy and upset all the fucking time because of him! When I met Sammy that day I returned, he welcomed me back, hugging me. He was so happy! His dog, which Sam of course took him to work with him, jumped on me, licking all over my face.
That night Sam drank; a lot. He and Finn were out, having fun. Finn wasn’t that drunk, compared to Sam. Somehow they ended up outside the Pub; Dmitri was just locking the door. Finn chuckled happily and waved at his friend from afar while Sam was sulking next to him, trying to stand on his feet.
“What?” Castiel yelled and slapped Dean’s chest. “You waited for a week to tell me? Oh god…” he jumped off the counter. “Is there anything you need to tell me?”
Dean smirks. He kisses harder and filthy and gently lays him on the bed. He starts by taking off the trenchcoat and throwing it away. Then, he opens the buttons of the angel's shirt one by one, kissing the revealed skin. Castiel was writhing and moaning beneath him, a view Dean and his cock both enjoyed.
Dean felt his face getting wet from the tears they were running down his cheeks. He took a step forward and aggressively pulled Castiel into a hug. The tears never stop falling. "I love you too, bastard. I love you too…"
"We were called from the hotel where you were living, gentlemen. Sam Winchester has been arrested and is currently in jail. He confessed that he was on the prostitution ring and when he saw you, Mr. Novak... he wanted you. He decided to kill your pimp and take all the money and run away with you. The psychologist to whom he spoke concluded that this is a violent, narcissistic personality. The package includes pathological jealousy and possessiveness. Your brother reacted that way because you took something he thought belonged to him. He is charged with rape, prostitution, pimping and manslaughter. Thank you for your help. We'll be in touch."
"What are you even talking about?" I frowning, staring at him then back at Castiel. Cas wasn't even breathing in my arms.
Back home, Dean held onto his angel boyfriend, under the blankets and covers. He kissed his cheek and smiled. "That was quite something, right?" he jokes, sighing deeply. Since they got back to the bunker, they hadn't left their room; Dean wanted to be close to Cas these days. Castiel smiled too and leaned closer. "You don't get a goddess trying to rip your heart off every day... that was indeed something." The angel held the other's face into his arms and their eyes looked each other. "I was so afraid back there... you attempting to do the killing... what if she choked you with her grip? What if something worse happened? I wouldn't bear existing in a world where you don't exist..."
"Wha-what's the name of yours?" Dean stuttered, his hands immediately grabbing on the guy's hair; they were softer than Dean expected.
Azrael laughed. "Oh well... you remember Anna right? The redhead who slept with you. She was pretty... graphic, talking about how you made her feel..."
"Whoa, did you hear that?" Sam yelled, standing up. "I could hear what Jack was thinking! So that means that everyone in this room can hear each other's thoughts!"
“Samuel Winchester” Dean growled, while Sam was rubbing his eyes sleepily. “What the fuck did you do?”
Dean was trying to turn on his angel by kissing his body up and down, wet and open mouthed. He wanted to have sex so bad, as bad as he craved food in his current state. He needed to have sex with his angel, he needed to feel him inside of him, to feel his strong hands wrapped around him, his hot breath on his skin-
Sam's eyes widened and the gun was dropped from his hand. He pulled back a few, not believing in his own eyes.
"I told him you might react like this... Being in the army and all... you're probably prejudiced against homose-"
"I'm fine, Dean." Castiel answered, his eyes flashing beautifully. "Better than fine, actually." He leaned onto Dean and rested his face onto Dean's neck. It was warm and sweaty there, but Cas didn't mind. He could smell Dean's scent faint by sweat and sex and…Castiel.
I rolled my eyes. "It wasn't a murder, officer. The guy was threatening to kill them, the gun backfired while the guys were fighting. What I'm asking you is to stall him; he's after us... he wants to kill us both"
Then, he sat at the corner of the bed, with his eyes on his knees. "Dean was right. I'm done, Ruby. With you and all your devilish crap."
They were fucking every night. Every. Damn. Night. I couldn't sleep. How was Sammy able to be that...capable while he was working nearly 12 hours every day? I was impressed.
"I don't understand why your sister cares so much about my sexual partners" Dean exclaimed. They were on the Impala, trying to find the place were the demons and Sam were. "I mean… we had that one-night stand once… She can't still want me!"
She left and Cas kept watching her walking away before he entered the room, badge in hand. "Good evening, Agent Murphy, I'd like to ask you a few questions..."
One day, Dean woke up, a bad feeling on his guts. He shook Castiel's shoulder, who was looking at space, unconscious. Angels couldn't sleep, but his angel preferred to be lost in his mind until Dean woke up.
Castiel softly laughed to the statement and approached Dean. He pulled him down to his face, as Cas was shorter, and kissed him passionately. Dean's eyes hung open from the surprise, his hands on both of his sides. When Castiel pulled back, he tilted his head. "I must say that none of the angels had ever mentioned how physical connection feels like…"
Dean nodded frantically and stood up. “Yes sir… thank you” he kissed his hands again, desperately. Tommy laughed. “Easy there, son, I’m not a priest…” he patted his shoulder. “You can go now… Inform me if there’s anything… good night Dean”
"What are you doing, Ada? We're supposed to getting married tomorrow?" Dean squints, almost angry but kinda relieved Ada wasn't exactly that much into that wedding either.
"Okay, I got the message." Dean stood up, holding his big belly and grabbing a shirt. "I'm gonna finish myself off, since you don't want me, asshat"
Dean huffed out a breath and shook his head, adjusting his hoodie and trudged down to the kitchen, going to the coffee maker and began to brew a pot as Castiel stepped into the room, "Want any coffee?" Cas nodded and sat on a chair, sighing. The past month the angel wasn't feeling well. He felt strange, like someone – or something –had intruded into their lives. He looked at Dean as he walked over the table and left the cup in front of him. After their last hunt with the witch, he had noticed Dean was gaining pounds and that was weird, Dean Winchester could never get pounds. He was always so…elegant and…fit and..beautiful. Yes, the angel thought Dean as beautiful…
The older man rubbed his beardy cheek. "Hm. I suppose Mr Shelby is aware that Inspector Campbell wanted to bring him down, yes? So I think he's probably extra careful with the newcomers. But you say he trusts you. So how about... any documents about illegal activities? Invoices, about business the goverment isn't aware of? Since we can't get him caught for his dirty business... I suppose we can look the legal ones up. How about... you think Mr Winchester would be willing to help us?"
"Stop! Please, stop!" I heard Cas screaming. Whatever Sam was doing, he didn't stopped. I saw him, from a crack of the door, hitting Cas  on his face, his belly... that was the moment I chose to interfere.
He thought some disgusting things so he'd make this traitorous boner to fall down and decisively he entered the club. He spotted Castiel under the stage, on a table, sitting, drinking some liquid that was obviously vodka, waiting with a young woman dressed in black. She had black hair and curious, mischievous eyes. "Who's this?" Dean asked the moment he reached them. He earned a glare from Cas and rolled his eyes as he sat beside him. "Look, babe I'm sorry but you know how I feel about you being alone... My mind goes crazy - "
He was nearly on tears when he tried to face his brother. "Please, Dean" he begged. "I- I can explain everything…"
While in his room's safety, Dean locked the door and sighed. "Look I... if I knew I would have planned it better... I mean... we could possibly be on a drive in my car and-"
The human smirks and kisses Cas' lips softly. He gently opens his legs and moves them around his hips. "I've been wanting to do this for a long time...."
"I know what it means" Castiel smiled. "It means you always think of me. How thoughtful". he giggled and lifted on his tiptoes to give the taller man a kiss on the lips. "Thank you".
"I'll let you settle. You could sleep if you'd like... I-I'll be downstairs, in case you need anything..."
Cas rolled his eyes dramatically, sighing. "Dean didn't gave me his permission for this. I can't touch him if he doesn't want me to…" Sam chuckled ironically. "Believe me Cas. Dean wants you to touch him more than you believe."
Cas shrugged and wrapped his arms around Dean softly. "Just that… so called "come" felt odd on me dried"
They make out for a while and Dean gently pushes a finger in Cas' anus. "Is that okay? Or you'd like to do it?"
Ada grinned as she turned to look at the other woman; she offered her her hand and the woman approached them. “She’s Lo, my wife. We got married in Paris.” Lo was a graceful woman, with long wavy blonde hair. “You remember Lo, Dean, don’t you?”
"The babies are coming!" Castiel groaned, his eyes trailing from Dean to Gabriel. Gabriel nodded. "Position yourself behind Dean and hold him tightly. I'll do the delivery"
Dean tried to calm down, his hands were shaking. Castiel was staring at him intently. "I had no choice, Dean. It was me or Jack. I couldn't... I couldn't lose him again..."
"Good morning, Samoose" the body whispered and pulled him down for a kiss. Sam's eyes remained open and wide.
The angel obligated and pushed in, feeling Dean's legs wrapping around his waist. He kissed down his neck, biting, licking, guided by his instinct.
"No!" Cas shrieked. With one movement of his blade, he cut off one of the black tentacles of the Shadow.
He was hearing the other’s grunts and couldn’t feel more hideous about himself. He was about to throw up; what a nice turn of events it would be, him vomiting all over this disgusting human being. His brain was working frantically. Cas smirked and looked up at him. “You win… let me at least do it in my own terms…”
He tried to stand up, but a soft hand stopped him. "What do you thing you're doing? Doctor said you need some rest!"
Dean nodded and kissed him softly, lifted on his tiptoes. "I wanted to tell you that…" He bit his lip. "I'd like to have more nights like last night with you, if you want"
17 days later, the ship arrived at the port. When they arrived at St. Petersburg, they hired a carriage to travel back to Castiel’s house. It took them an hour or so but soon Cas was fidgeting with happiness and anxiety that he’d see his family again. Natalia would be 16; Castiel hadn’t seen her for years. He wondered if she’d recognize him.
Dean rolled his eyes chuckling. "Oh, poor Sammy, you know nothing" he mocked. "Do you know what it is like to have a lion in your bed?"
Christmas were always making Dean feel antsy. Especially after he turned 30.  Especially since they never celebrated Christmas or New Year's Eve. This year would be different, though. They had a family; they had their angel back from the Empty, they had their God Nephilim and Eileen and Jody and the girls and Donna and Bobby and Charlie. They had everything they ever wanted; a family.
Sam tried to remember even one happy memory with her mom and sister; she couldn't remember even one. It were only hunts, the endless road and the three of them. That's what she always knew.
Tom rolled his eyes. "Please, call me Thomas, Dean. We're partners. No need for such... formalities..."
Cas raised his head from his place by my side and stared deep into the cop's eyes. "The story's not over, officer". The cop nodded, urging him to start speaking.
Soon Dean's moves turned erratic; he couldn't hold back anymore. God, when was the last time he ever had sex? Ages ago. And he finally, f i n a l l y, he got to get this; Cas, his Cas, his angel, laid beneath him, letting him taking care of him like this.
Seriously, what had he done? How would he explained himself to his baby bro? He was always complaining about how he disliked Castiel, how cocky and proud he was, how much he wanted to stab him… How could he explain that now he was falling for him?
"It's okay, Sammy" he murmured against Sam's shoulder. "People make mistakes." Before a minute passed, Castiel himself was inside the room with the brothers, in flesh and blood.
Castiel didn't knew he had it in himself; that slutty self of his was something he'd never show outside of these four walls. During day he was the respectful Inspector Novak but at nights... he was Cas, the whore, who enjoyed dancing and now he'd take that beautiful stranger's dick into his ass...
Fresh tears made their appearance on his cheeks. Sam hugged him without asking and stroked his hair.
Gabriel frowned; she wasn’t aware of humans and their hostile ways. She thought every person they met was friendly, but they met nobody except
His brother, Sam was instantly a new member in the gang, one of their best men. He was the fastest at shooting.
"What am I - yeah. Now you play it all innocent?" Dean rolls his eyes, approaching the angel even more. "You never learn, do you? You never realised that, to me, you're more than a hammer. More than a weapon. More than even a fuckin' friend. You're family, Cas. And even more than that." The hunter held the angel's hands into his own. He smiled softly. "Yet, there you're, always doing the stupid thing. Always. Never thinking about yourself. Did you ever thought that we might care for you more than you care about yourself?"
I kissed him vehemently and laid him on the kitchen counter. I pulled down his pants and then his underwear and closed my lips around his dick. His fingers were pulling at my hair, his own head was thrown back. It was so sexy.
"Missed my lil birdie, what's wrong with that?" Dee giggled and winked at Jessie. Jessie looked between them. "Uh.. don't tell me she's your crazy ex..."
I was returning back home now. I was happy, I'd be back to my family, even if we were broken. My parents were divorced; dad left mom for another woman. She was living with Sammy when I felt for the Army.
It wasn't like he was jealous, no. He didn't want to make out or grind down with anyone since Ruby died. Not that Ruby's death affected him much but he hadn't felt a strong feeling since Jess died. And it kinda ached his heart seeing his brother so happy while every woman he was sleeping ended up dead. Or worse.
That exact moment, when Dean and Cas intruded into the dead-of-people bar, Sam didn't even moved. Hell, he didn't even blinked.
"Oh? It's dangerous for an angel like me but it's not for a human like you? She might sense you or smell you or anything and get you! You're an easy target Dean! You're human! She won't be able to sense me!"
Both humans’ attention was centered to her. Suddenly, a new kind of thoughts invaded Castiel’s mind. Pure, beautiful thoughts, screaming in agony and wonder. She noticed a pair of bright green eyes staring at her, the glow of a pure soul calling out for her, begging Castiel to touch it with her bare hands.
The stripper huffed. "Guys like her. They always want to get a dance from her. They end up coming only for her but after a month or so they disappear. We never asked or wondered why. It's just that patrons come and go and we don't care much. We only want their money, after all." she shrugs.
After they spend the rest of the night on the bed, they eventually stood up to make some research. They had found demonic signals on the area; demonic possessions, thunders and massive killings. Also every night, a club or a bar was exploded. Dean and Cas were sure those were the demons. Also Sam was probably with them, if he was turned. Dean once asked Cas if Sam could be healed. Cas' answer was negative. He didn't knew. But he lied. He knew very well that to heal a demon needed to stab him with an angel blade which was soaked in angelic blood. To save Sam, he needed to die. And he wouldn't tell Dean, not until the last minute.
"Oh but I know you, Dean" she leans closer, ethereal. "I know what you want and I will give it to you... I'll give you a gift..."
"Dean." Cas gasped and threw his head back, eyes closed, his nails deep into the hunter's back, while he kept thrusting inside him. Cas had found the pleasure of sex meant more when you were connected with the person you've sex with. And he knew now that with Dean it was more than sex. He knew Dean loved him, even if he was fucking him so savagely at this very moment.
I laid in bed, closing my eyes, letting my mind wander into the magic of the blue eyes that belonged to Castiel.
Jack approached the brothers curiously, tilting his head. Dean felt his heart being stabbed millions of times. He tried not to look at Jack for long.
Except their appearance, those two had nothing in common generally; Sam was fighting for women's rights and LGTBQ+ rights while Dee was sleeping around and hustling pool; Sam was a lesbian, Dee was sleeping with men. Nothing in common.
The Chief hummed as he inspected the evidence; he seemed pleased. “That’s not quite big as a murder but… you did it Mr Novak. Those are enough to bring down, not only the Shelbys, but the Solomons too”
Castiel walked into Lusty Leopard and scanned the place; he walked over an empty table and sat down. When he spotted the girl named Willa, he stared at her intensely, until she probably noticed him and walked over him. She pouted as she noticed the empty space next to him. "So, no Agent Hardy? Shame."
The slap echoed into the empty living room. Sam looked up at his brother, in shock. “What… what did you…”
"Son of a bitch..." Dean groans. "So that means you can hear and see anything and everything that's on my mind?"
Dean shook his head. "Nope. With my little brother. Mom and dad are back home, in Kansas. We came here for business. When I've enough money I'll travel back home, settle down, even get married..." he shrugs, noticing Cas' sad eyes. Fuck. "Or maybe we could travel. Together, you and I. We could buy a nice ship and travel around the world. Just you, me, the sea... would you like that?"
“Shh… It’s going to be alright.” Dean confirmed and covered them with the blankets. “Good night Cas…”
He stared at me like he had no idea what I was even talking about. He stood up slowly and I had a great view of his gorgeous rear. I laughed as he walked, so obvious he was getting fucked a few minutes ago.
"Shh." Dean hummed and slowly kissed his lips. "You thought it was the right thing to do. It's okay. We're still here and we're still together. We can make this. Now let's get the hell outta here..."
The answer came from Dean's phone. He ended the call and threw a glance at Castiel. "It's time for a little exorcism, Angel. Oh, I missed that thing." he said, winking at his friend and putting the throttle on the Impala.
"I'm a little bit old for college, don't you think?" he asked adorably. I shrugged. "How old are you?"
After lunch, while Castiel was helping his mom gather the dishes, she asking him about the stranger. “He’s the man I love” he whispered in English; his mom should get used to talking English. She wasn’t speaking anything than Russian these days.
"Well I sure as hell don't miss the handprint of her fucking hand on my cheek! Anything else?" Sam was getting angry now.
"You regretted it, didn't you?" Gabriel said sadly. "I-It's fine, Sam. I don't blame you" he stood up, trying to find his clothes, wearing Sam' shirt.
"So what about all those porn mags I found under your bed huh? They weren't naked guys. It was a male porn mag which those include naked women!"
This year was Castiel's sixth on Hogwarts School Of Witchcraft and Wizardry. For the past six years, every time he was coming back from holidays, he felt like returning home. He was enjoying every little part of his education, the meals in the Great Hall, having fun with the other Gryffindors on the Common Room. But, most of all, he was relieved for a certain little thing: for looking again at the gaze of some great green eyes; his best friend's, Dean Winchester.
He blushed at the thought and stood up, wearing Cas' shirt and a pair of boxers. He walked over the mirror and looked himself into it. Big, glooming eyes, a wide smile on his face, his lips swollen and bitten, like his neck, which had six blossoming, amazing, beautiful love marks. He imagined Cas marking him and pressed his thighs together, trying to calm himself. I wonder what he did to my thighs, he thought and sighed, walking over the kitchen, where a grumpy Sammy greeted him.
As both boys walked upstairs, Finn started discussing with his friend about Dmitri. Sam thought Finn was right; Dmitri couldn’t be a spy. He was thinking about it all night. That beautiful creature couldn’t be a spy. His beautiful blue eyes wouldn’t be able to lie…
I rushed into the room, holding Cas, protecting him. "Stop!" I roared. "Stop it now!" Cas was shaking inside my arms; his nose was bleeding, one of his eyes was turning blue and his bottom lip was cut. I stroked his hair, trying to calm him down.
"Dean, oh Dean, it feels so good…" Castiel's eyes were closed, some tears running on his flushed cheeks, his lips separated on a wide smile. Dean couldn't but enjoy the view. Seeing Cas, his Cas, like this felt like heaven.
Dean thought Cas seemed really sure. What if he was right? What if God was protecting them? Dean didn't believed in God, but Castiel was a soldier of His and was obeying His orders. Dean could trust Cas.
The goddess was good in fighting; she grabbed both Sam and Cas and almost choked them, with her feathery like long limps.
Everything was perfect. Everyone ate the traditional food, his mom’s infamous Beef Stroganoff and drank vodka. “I missed this” he sighed. “I couldn’t trade your food for anything in this world, mother”
Joannah slapped her daughter so hard, Sam was sure they were heard in every room in the motel. Even now, after all those years, she could feel the sting on her cheek. She would always remember Dee, who was like a stone statue, not moving, not talking, just watching what happened in front of her eyes.
Dean did as he was asked and walked slowly over the bar, laying his hat on the surface. "I was thinking about... everything you told me last night... It's really serious. I mean... you're endangering yourself with this... role you're playing. Both sides. But which side are you really, Cas?"
Thomas sighed and turned to Dean, patting his shoulder. "I'm sorry about this, Dean. I can't imagine how much you might suffer at the moment".
I started counting backwards in my head, trying to calm my breath. I could hear the beat of my heart behind my ears, almost deafening me.
Sam grabbed Dean’s wrists and freed himself. “That’s the problem Dean! You always had it all; our parents’ admiration, success, every woman you ever wanted, money… and now him. Why Dean? You could have anyone, why him? Do you know he’s talking to the police? Do you know Thomas asked us to spy on him? He doesn’t trust him anymore Dean! Why do you?”
"Are you gonna interogate me or what? Do you have handcuffs and such?" she bit her lip. Dean chuckled awkwardly and pulled out his notepad.
"Whenever you're ready… pray to me" he moved his hands from Dean's belly to his face and pulled him into a soft, intense, electric causing kiss. Dean's nerves felt like they started to tense and his lips were needy on the angel's soft ones. His hormones took control and he sat on Cas' lap, wrapping his arms around the angel's neck, pulling him closer. His almost big stomach was an obstacle, but all he wanted now was to taste Cas. Dean's lips parted and he bit Cas' bottom lip to make him part his own too. He inserted his tongue into Cas' mouth, fighting for domination. Finally, Cas' tongue surrendered and Dean took all he wanted. Dean's tongue was trailed and swirled into the angel's parted lips. He was moving his body as much as he could, searching for friction, for some kind of release.
Cas stood up and wrapped his arms around his waist. “It’s your fault. You shouldn’t have bedded with a tiger”
To his own amusement, he witnessed his brother considering about it. "You think? Cas has probably met the real Santa... that's not exactly what I -"
Suddenly, it was like everything turned into slow motion. I watched him throwing away the sketch pad and rushing on me, kissing me hungrily. His fingers were raising fires on my skin. I kissed him back just as hard, forgetting about everything else.
The Shelby stared at him for a while then bursted into laughter. When he calmed down, he wiped a tear on the corner of his eye.
Castiel frowns, confused, tilting his head. "What do you mean you don't know how? Have you ever been with
"So who was that guy you were seen last night, Officer?" The Head of the Police asked him that morning, when Castiel entered the office, to report about his night and the events that unfolded then. He said nothing about what he did with the man though, he wasn't a fool. "He's the lawyer of the Shelbys, Sir. Dean Winchester, son of John Winchester, the most successful ex lawyer of the city. He works for them. I can get a lot of secrets out of him..." The cop nodded as he looked at Castiel. "Very good, son. Next time, I want you to bring me Thomas Shelby's head." Castiel smirks. "Oh. It'd be my pleasure."
"I'm about to... fucking come Cas, son of a- shit. Cas I'm about to fucking come. Can I come inside of you please?"
"Fine. I'll go" Dean offered and got a hard glance from his boyfriend. "No way. You stay here. I'll go and if I need you... I'll call you."
The woman was still looking at him. He turned to face her. "Look, ma'am I've this mission and I'm late. I'm sorry for your husband." Before the woman opened her mouth to make him stay, he disappeared.
“Calm down, Cassie. They’re complimenting us” Gabriel smiled as she waved back at some passing by truckers. “They’re just being nice!”
Castiel was devastated; despite the fact that he needed to see Dean again, to feel him against his body, he wanted to find some clues on his case. Some clues that would prove that the Shelbys were criminals. Until now, Mr Shelby and his gang had escaped all the traps Major Cambell had set for them. But Castiel wasn't Campell; he was more capable of find a weak spot and crash them from the inside out.
Dean was cut off by Cas' lips on his own. The angel was pushing him on the bed, covering him with the blankets. "I know Dean" he whispered. "I want it too. I love you, human. I loved you for so many years."
Cas wiped some dust off her clothes as she walked around, looking at the scenery. “We can’t be here. It’s against the orders. Father said – “
I sucked in a breath and tried to get my thoughts in order. I didn't knew when this thing would ever end up. I was sure for one thing; One of us would be hurt. And Sam? Sam would get hurt the most.
Then they began to prepare the spell for the rift to the Empty. Dean was so impatient that his hands were trembling.
"I'm not His fucking child!" Dean yelled beneath his teeth. "There's no God! And if there is, he doesn't give a crap about us or the angels! He's away, having fun with mojitos while everything on Earth is breaking down!"
The man stared back at me, grinning. "She moved into a little apartment a block away from here. Sammy didn't wrote that to you?"
Cas nodded and laid him softly on the bed and started to kiss every inch of Dean's skin. He reached his inner thighs and bit lightly, causing bruises. Dean was squirming beneath him, asking for more. Cas pushed into him experimentally, slowly, pulling back when he heard Dean sighing. "No.." Dean panted and grabbed his neck, pulling him closer. "Move, please.."
Dean (2): Sorry for not answering last night. I know you are worried. I'm with Cas, we found his vessel.
Dean grabbed the angel by the napel of his trenchcoat and kissed him harder, their bodies colliding. Fuck; feeling him so close was a dream coming true. He pushed Cas against the map table and sat him on it, opening his legs and getting between them. The angel wrapped them around the hunter's middle, trapping him there. "You know some dirty tricks, don't you?" Dean smirks and leaves a mark under his collarbone. "I can't believe I'm having you... I just can't..." The angel left a broken moan. "Dean... what you do to me..."
"No, I thank you. You gave me a family when I was sure I would never have one with the life I've. But now.." He smiled down at the babies, who were sleeping peacefully against his chest. "Now I've something more to fight for. Our little family, with the angel dad and the angel uncle and the tall Sammy. That's all we have and I'll fight for it"
"Thank you, Mr Shelby. But, I might ask, though... if I'm not attending as a bartender... how am I supposed to -"
He pushed his red Santa pants down and Castiel left a tiny moan; Dean was naked underneath. "You came prepared, didn't you?" he asked.
Sam snickered and nodded. "We see... C'mon Jack, your daddies have some work to do" Jack seemed confused. "That's how humans make up? That's fancinating"
Dee spend one last glance behind her as she left. Sam  sighed as she laid on the couch. She felt so overwhelmed; seeing her sister after four years, it was something. She would admit to herself she missed Dee and their games and their boy talk, which Sam despised. She missed the warmth of her embrace, her laugh, her glowing eyes. How Dee was always protecting her from everyone and everything, from the monsters they hunt to their own mother...
On the contrary, Dee was a few inches shorter than her sister. She was curvy but not thick, she had thick thighs and a tiny waist. Her face was angelic, with big thich eyelashes and full pink lips. She was also a dirty blonde, her natural color and her eyes were the most amazing green in the whole damn world. She had her father's eyes.
Sam raised an eyebrow. "Oh, Cas is the lion? And what are you? The innocent deer? Should I call you Bambi from now on?"
“That night, after we returned home from Camden Town, I visited Thomas. I can’t remember why…” he lied. “I needed to talk to him, about something… and he knew. He knew everything we told to Alfie… Alfie called him and told him everything.”
Dean frowned as her glance fell on Castiel. Dean looked at him as well. "Cas what is she sayin'?" Castiel sighed as he mouthed "I'm sorry" to Dean and rushed over Meg, stabbing her in the face. The other demons screamed and attacked. Dean faced his brother many times, trying not to hurt him.
He flied, invisible, among the humans, trying to track Winchesters' special aura. Each one had a different aura from the other. Sam Winchester's aura was pure and light and clean, he could easily track it, without ever losing its path.
Dean nodded and started a torturing attack all over Cas' body. Cas was trying to remain silent, but he couldn't. His breath was heavy, he was grabbing tightly the sheets, trying not to scream from pleasure. Dean smiled jubilantly and took their pants off of them. Dean wrapped their bodies with the sheets and started to kiss Cas' neck. Castiel moaned quietly and grabbed Dean's hair, pulling him closer.
Castiel was helping her, talking to her, trying all he could to be useful and pleasant. He believed he had a share of responsibility for what happened. I hastened to inform him that such a thing was not true.
Rowena rolled her eyes. "Give us a break, Giant. Here's the spell... As for you..." Rowena turned her attention to Dean. "Jack told me about your angel."
"Dean..." he muttered. "I appreciate the kind of feelings you've for me. I know Sam loves me as a brother as well and Jack sees me as a father figure and I... I see him as my own son and you..." The angel blushed, looking down. Then his eyes raised and stared deep into Dean's. "When it comes to you, I know nothing. You're so complicated, such a confusing human. But I... learned to read you. I fell... for you, Dean. Literally and figuretively. I think... what I'm trying to say is... I love you, Dean Winchester. And all those feelings..." Castiel pulled his hands away, setting a distance between them, his eyes wide and pleading. Dean noticed the angel's pupils were dilated. Fuck.
Sam took in a deep breath, thinking what she wanted to tell her; it wasn't a request, it was a announcement. She was accepted in Berkeley College of California, with the highest GPA in her grade. She wanted to be a doctor, to help people and heal them. She wasn't exactly sure which specialty she wanted to do the most, but she knew she wanted to help people.
The human smirked slyly and leaned into his ear. "You promise you won't go? If you say so, I'll keep going, maybe I put my D into your A." he winks and rolls his hips again, teasingly.
Castiel throws his head back and laughs. "I usually don't do that with patrons but I'll make an exception just for you..."
"Dean?" Cas turned at him, eyes wide and curious and pleading. The Empty smirked. "I'm sorry... what was that?"
"What's your name?" Sam asked as they approached the parked car; he opened the back seat door for her.
"Ha ha. Hilarious." Dean answered. "I've seen you almost naked, Samuel and I don't think it's the nicest thing I've ever seen in the morning, unless you mean me."
Dean smiled and closed his eyes. "Good" he whispered and drifted off, more relaxed than he had ever felt in years, surrounded by his little but important happiness.
"Ah, no Sammich" Gabriel chuckled and pushed Sam on his back, straddling him. "I wanna screw with you. Your mind can wait"
Thomas sipped his whiskey, frowning. He hated lies; he hated people lying, but he hated it especially when his closest friends and partners were tricking him. “Alfie told me you and Dmitri visited him in his house. And I also know what you told him. What I don’t understand is why I had to learn this from Alfie Solomons and not you; you’re my closest friend and trusted lawyer. Why I had to learn from Solomons that there’s a traitor in my house?”
Castiel hadn't much interaction with John Shelby. All he knew about him was that he liked cocaine, women and alcohol. He had also met his wife, Esme, who Cas especially adored. Esme was a nice and funny woman; she was addicted to coke as well but she particularly enjoyed visiting him during work hours and keep him company or help him. Esme was indeed lovely.
Dean rolled his eyes and shook his head as he tied his shoes. "I told you, Sammy, prostitutes don't interest me."
A strict woman's voice told him. Castiel threw a glance at her. She was looking at him like she knew him very well.
Dean grinned down at him and grabbed his hand, tugging him outside, not caring who might see. The roads were empty so they walked into the streets, hand by hand, smiling, laughing loudly, over Dean's place. Dean was living in a small house close to the Shelbys, a few blocks away from the Garrison. It was a nice white building, two floors and a garden. He unlocked the door and walked in, Cas behind him. He giggled as he told him to be quiet.
Amortentia smells like what you most desire" Professor Slughorn continued his lecture. He left his gaze to gander on the class and his eyes stopped on Castiel's face.
They kept moving together, Dean rolling his hips, leaving filthy moans and nipping at the other's neck, causing marks. Dean was a slut for marks; he loved baring them and causing them to people, especially to Cas. Hickeys meant taken. Hickeys meant mine. Hickeys meant love. Hickeys meant need. Dean loved having Cas in a room full of people, all staring at his marks, knowing they would never have him because he belonged to Dean. He was Dean's only...
"I said he's not coming" he raised their joined hands. "You take him, you take me. And we both know it's not allowed to take a human so... he stays. Unless you wanna stay awake forever"
"Why are you h-holding my h-hands?" Cas smiled warmly, looking up to the hunter. He turned his body and faced his green eyes. Dean almost fainted from the blueness of the Angel's eyes.
"I said that I love you, Dean." Castiel confessed. "Those Enochian things I was screaming through my orgasm was a confession. A confession of love. I love you, Dean Winchester."
Dean's eyes turned wide. "You feel… something when I touch you there?" Castiel nodded as Dean touched the spot again, where Castiel's wings were supposed to be. Castiel left out a moan again. It was delightful for Dean to hear.
Dean sighs. “For what happened to you… Seems like… what I did… wasn’t enough for him. How he turned out to be…” he gagged like the word wouldn’t get past his throat. “I’m so sorry Cas. I wish I could take it all back. I wish I was the one who had to endure this. I wish –”
We continued it, of course. I wanted it, he wanted it. 'Till the very end... Sam was still unaware of that... thing. Or he was very good actor, I wasn't sure. I wasn't marking Cas' neck anymore, but in other spots, more private, where only I knew where the marks were. Hopefully, Cas knew how to hide them... and the days were passing by.
Sam looked at Cas' direction, trying to find some comforting words. "Cas…I'm sorry…" But, before he could end his sentence, the angel flied away.
"First" Castiel answered "we need to find my old vessel. This one is…" he hesitated, pointing at himself. "Uncomfortable."
"Dean?" Cas' soft, raspy from sleep voice distracted him. Dean smiled softly as he looked into the angel's ocean blue eyes.
"How long?" he asked, stroking my hair. He was the one on charge; he was sitting on my lap, his arms around my body, his eyes unleashing the full range of their power on me.
Castiel gave him a smile, nodding. "When it's all over, Dean" he promised. "When you'll be able to show me what you're thinking instead of me just watching it... is that alright?"
Dean rolled his eyes smirking. "Bossy" he groaned and relaxed into the angel's embrace,drifting off a few minutes later.
"I knew this was going to happen" Sam stated while he and Eileen prepared their stuff for their trip; he was talking to Dean on the phone, his brows frowned. "I knew you would get caught. Only if you'd let me do some research..."
The chuckle wasn't something he was expecting. "Were you a good boy, or a naughty one? Because Santa will punish you if you were bad. And I believe you were such a bad, bad angel..."
"Wait, you just said you fucked Cas?" Sam asked curiously. Dean sighed, for a millionth time this hour, his face hidden in his hands. "Yes, Sammy, that's what I said. Ten fucking minutes ago."
Castiel huffed. “Sir we’ve no time. This is all the evidence I could find… I wish I had done this work better but we had no time! We got caught and…” Cas swallowed. “The Shelby asked someone to… to sexually molest me! We need a doctor and we need to get out of this town!”
Castiel liked Sam Winchester. He was pure and clean, just like his aura. He was always good and polite with Castiel, he never was mean or disrespectful with the Angel. Sam Winchester was praying, he believed in God. Castiel didn't find it strange that His Father wanted to protect this righteous boy.
As soon as it started, it also ended. Dean came inside of him, grunting. Castiel stroked his own dick and shoot his load against Dean's chest and his own stomach. They laid together, curled, for what they thought would be hours, but it was just a few minutes.
Castiel seemed annoyed too. Who the hell this lady was and why she had an obsession to keep him laid down?
Dean nodded and did as Cas said, watching the glowing body beneath him. He touchedthe vein on Sam's neck. His pulse was steady, he was alive. But Cas…Dean laid Sam on the floor softly and pulled Cas into his embrace, crying, blood running down his body.
Cas was so pleasured he wasn't even sure Dean spoke. When his human asked again, Cas said that yes, it'd be okay to come inside of him, even if he wasn't sure what this might mean. He felt some hot liquid inside him, his lower parts squeezing and then all he could feel was emptiness; hot mess and empty. Next thing he remembered was a hot palm on his dick, stroking it, squeezing it, , driving him over the edge... He felt Dean's hips slowly moving all while he was jerking him off... And then Cas came, inside Dean's palm, gasping, groaning his human's name...
"We solved the problem?" he said ironically. "You asked me to raise Lucifer, which means everybody I know and love and every single person in this damn world, actually, will end up dead or worse. So, we didn't solve the problem."
"Not from the phone, Sammy. Be careful." Dean said in a strictly voice and ended the call. Sam stood there, in shock, watching at his cell phone. How would he calm his brother now? Obviously, he was pissed. Why the hell should Castiel inform him?
Dean nodded and shot his brother an apologetic look. "I'm sorry about what you might saw, Sammy" he said "Human hormones. It's the pregnancy. Also, Cas came here and-"
Two days later, Sam was out of the house and Castiel had moved in with Dean. He felt uneasily to go to work, especially if he had to face Sam after all that happened. He called in sick, spending two glorious days with Dean under the blankets of his bed; Castiel wasn’t even tired, when Dean decided to climb off of his body the second day being home, to go and grab some food; the brunet wasn’t even hungry.
They heard the honk of the car waiting for them. Dean grabbed his hat and rushed behind Sammy, taking in a breath. He wished there was enough whiskey so he'd be able to cope.
Sam was going back and forth on the motel's room, waiting for his brother and the Angel to come back. From time to time, he was glancing at the door in front of him, trying not to succumb to the temptation. His blood was boiling inside his body, his heart was pumping, he could hear his own beat on his ears. He wanted so bad to open that damn door, to rip those bitch's neck and drink her damn blood. But, he couldn't. No, he shouldn't want to. He shouldn't let his brother down, even if this was for the greater good. Because Dean always fought the idea of his Sammy sacrificing himself for the greater good.
“I need to tell you that… I visited Alfie Solomons… sir” he mumbled, entangling his fingers nervously.
"There's no need to" Dean whispered and pushed Cas against the passenger's door, kissing him. "Mhm babe. I only want you, you hear me? Women fancy me, what can I do about it?"
"I'm not who you think I am" Castiel states and frees himself from Dean's arms, walking inside the house and into the living room, sitting on the large comfy couch.
When I gave it to him, he couldn't contain his tears. He jumped on me, tightened his legs around my waist and kissed me.
Cas was so confused. He couldn't understand what that little speech came from. He squinted his eyes, enjoying the warmth of Dean's hands against his own.
A month or so later, Sam was in jail for good. I didn't know how to feel about it. I hated him for everything he had done. I couldn't think of him as my brother after all.
Castiel was hoping Dean would come again. The week that followed, he was waiting for the lawyer to come, but he never came. He later learned from a girl that had sex with Arthur Shelby that Dean was on a mission in America. He wouldn't be back until next month.
He felt awful. What he was doing... was immoral and obscene. He should leave, leave the man he wanted behind, he should follow his destiny, do his duty, revenge his father's death... but whenever he met Dean's beautiful eyes, seemed like his life plan was shattering to pieces. He needed to go.
The hunter and the Nephilim turned; the form of the demon Meg confronted them. She noticed them eyeing her. "What can I say... Clarence likes that meatsuit... But I suppose, Dean, especially you, know that better than anyone, don't you, pizza man?" She winked at him.
"So... we noticed a few of the patrons here disappeared and found dead a few hours later. Did you noticed anything... unusual around here?"
Dean's eyes widened in confusion. He looked at the blue eyes in front of him, trying to figure out what the hell just happened.
Suddenly, the man was all over him, pushing him against the bedding and ripping his clothes off. Castiel’s eyes widened; that wasn’t what he expected. “Get off of me! Are you crazy? What are you doing?” Castiel screamed at the top of his lungs, hopping someone would pity him and come to his rescue; nobody came.
John shook his head. "She stayed home to watch over the kids. Polly wouldn't miss this party for anything."
I had bought a nice, silver ring. After all this, I wanted to make things between us more... formal.
Dean nodded too, agreeing to the arrangement. "Okay. I'll do it. Help you find your vessel and all. Only promise Sammy will be okay."
Dean paused and stroked his shoulder. "I respect that... either way... soon we'll have them both home!"
Dean squinted. “Sam? Did he hurt you?” Dean shook Castiel’s shoulders; the man nodded. “He pressed me against a wall in a dark alley and touched me… he slid his hands beneath my shirt… he told me he can fuck me better than you ever will… Dean I’m scared…” he leaned into his arms. Dean held him close but his mind wasn’t present; what the fuck was that? Since when Sam started to act like this? Dean knew Cas would never lie to him but… he had to be careful.
Dean leans closer, licking his lips. "You know that's not the issue... you know I've been needing you since... well I don't know but.."
"The reaper didn't do anything like that to me... she just... rushed to... the main act." Dean hums. "I see. But the point is... foreplay is also sex, y'know. While you want to pleasure another one... you should start by touching and kissing and just that. Sometimes waiting increases the pleasure and the agony" Dean whispers while he kisses the angel's loving hipbones. "You know what I wanna do to you Cas? Do you even imagine how long I wanted to have you like this?" he swallows the head and moans around him; the angel tasted like heaven. Dean closed his eyes and lost himself in the moment; tried to memorize the texture, the taste, the touch, the feeling of Cas' dick inside his mouth. He tried to process the fact that he had Cas' dick, the angel's, not some random dude's, in his mouth. But he couldn't. He thought he'd open his eyes and it'd be a dream. A delicious wet dream, per se.
Then Cas took the phone and talked a little with Sam and Jack about the case. Sam adviced them to not display their relationship because the Goddess was fed on lust and tender feelings.
Soon it was Castiel's turn to get on stage. While he walked, his favorite song for stripping, "I'm Tore Up" by Billy Gayles came up and he started dancing, slowly losing his clothes. When he was almost naked on stage, he slowly walked over a company of men, who probably had a small celebration; the Shelbys again. He smirked to himself as he spotted everyone there. Arthur Shelby, the bastard... John Shelby, the gun and fist of the organisation. Then a foreign man on the left and on the right... There was the most beautiful man Castiel had ever seen. And he seemed to be to the center of the attention... He might have his birthday or something...
A little hint / spoiler for the later chapters: the narrative is first-person because Dean talks to someone about it all. It is too early to find out who they are, why Dean is talking about it or where he is. So stay tuned to find out! ❤
"What's your profession exactly?" I asked, curious to learn more about him. He smiled more as he ate, while I had stopped eating. I was interested in him. "I went to college; Arts in Paris" he shrugged like it was nothing.
He kissed him gently, his finger soon turned two and Castiel was opened up enough to take more than four fingers. The hunter opened Cas' legs wider and swallowed. "Is a condom necessary? I'm not going to get some angelic STD, am I?"
Ada was having none of it though. She gave him her coldest expression and frowned. "You won't determine my life however you like, Tom. I'm a free woman, I'll choose to marry whoever I want."
Castiel nodded. "Yes Sir. I wanted to inform you that I quit the burlesque. I was hired at the Shelbys' pub, the Garrison. I'm close to their lawyer, the Winchester and Tommy Shelby trusts me. I was wondering... what would you suggest me to do next... I'm lost." he admitted.
"Dean, what is she talking about?" Castiel asked, his angel blade raised, ready to defend his human in case the witch came too closer. But Dean didn't answered. He shot the witch before she could even finish her sentence but not before he heard her Spanish chants. Hoped she wasn't putting a curse on them.
Castiel stared at Dean, suddenly realising he had to act his role. "Oh. I'm sorry... yes" he shows the badge as well.
Dean entangles their fingers together, stroking the front of his palm casually. "Why not? It's really comfy?"
While the kids were drinking peacefully their dad's milk, Dean sighed and rested his head on Castiel's shoulder, studying their kids. The girl had light brown her and light green eyes. Also her lips were full and pink. She wad a micrograph of Dean. "She's a hottie" Dean smiled. "How should we name her?"
Gabriel smiled heavenly. "Ah, you were amazing, Sammich. So gentle and soft and then… So rough and dominant… Shit it was the best sex of my life and believe me I've had enough sex to know that" he said smugly.
Cas nodded. "Sam made us after you returned. I also wanted to be able to talk to you... I really like talking to you".
"Castiel" Dean held onto his hands tighter and pulled him closer. Their mouths were inches apart. "The angel who loved humanity." Dean leaned and gently pressed their lips together.
"Any new leads on the case?" Sam asked as he, Eileen and Jack were videocalling Dean. Dean and Cas were laid close on the bed, smiling in front of their screen, watching their family back home.
"Since now." Castiel said in a calmy voice. "Father sent me to watch on your brother. And you of course."
"Want you, need you... love you" the hunter whispered as their lips collided. He entangled their hands together and whispered soft and loving things into his ear.
Sam shook his head. "You won't ask me what did he do?" I stared at him, frowning. "Whatever he did... this behaviour is unacceptable, brother."
"Mom I'm going! Actually I'm leaving right the fuck now! That's not what I want! I don't want to spend my life in misery for some ghost from the past! He's gone mom! He's gone and nothing is going to change that! Not killing the monster that killed dad! That won't bring him back! What's the point of all this actually? Kill every motherfucker in America? And then what? We move to Europe? That's not for me, I'll pass!"
Upstairs, in the big room on their left, they saw Alfie and Benny, sitting on the couch, waiting for them. The room was a big old fashioned office. Wood was covering almost every surface, except the big bookcase in the corner. The fireplace was keeping the room warm.
Cas smiled softly and kissed his forehead. "Not tonight Dean. I'll make love to you soon. But not tonight" Dean nodded and kissed his angel on the lips softly. "Good night, angel. I love you too" The angel returned the kiss.
Soon, there was Thomas' birthday. The day before, he walked into the pub with his brother, Finn, who had recently turned 18; he had to get involved in business more and more. Finn was a nice, tall and skinny boy, with a friendly smile and freckles. His hair were cut and styled the way Peaky Blinders liked it; it suited him.
“You don’t know shit about me, Mr Shelby.” Cas intervened. “Did you ever thought that the cops you pay are only loyal to the crown? Did even occurred to you that the cops you think yours only belong to the Police Force? No cops are yours, Shelby. Moss was always a cop first. He’s telling you what we want you to know. As for Dean” he turned to look at his lover. “I never used Dean. I never asked him or made him do anything. Everything he did were on his own accord. And he knows that. As for me… I’ll quit this case… I’ll leave, I’ll go back to my homeland. Everything I know… I won’t ever tell another soul. I’d never bring Dean down, Thomas. He’s my only reason to live…”
Their love making was something neither of them had ever imagined. Dean was sweet and tender with his angel, kissing him in every part of his body, leaving his love marks. At first, Castiel let him have the upper hand. When he felt comfortable, he turned them over and climbed into his lap. "Hello, Dean".
Dean's nap was nervous and troubled. He was rolling on the couch, trying to find comfort. His dreams were full of water. He even could feel the wetness on him…
I felt so dirty. But I needed him so much! That moment, nothing even mattered. Just him and me... His body and mine.
"Oh. Err. Alright. Sammy mentioned you might arrive today.. He's about to come home from work..." he stated, blushing. He pulled back so I could step inside. "I've prepared a room for you. You're probably tired" he said and grabbed my duffel bag. I followed him silently, all while admiring his tight ass, showing around the robe. He was probably naked underneath. My dick perked up, happy.
"Baby?" Her girlfriend, Jessie Moore shook her gently.  "Shall we go and check this out? I'm scared"
"But whoever enters the Empty doesn't come out.. These are the rules..." it said and took a step to grab Jack.
Sam was feeling like he'd explode every time he was walking into the living room and saw Cas and Dean making out and grinding like horny teenagers on the couch. He'd roll his eyes and walk away, to give the couple some space. But they didn't needed the whole fucking bunker, did they? One day Sam thought they might need it when he saw them sucking each other's face on the dinning table. He bursted into the room and acted like a paranoiac parent, locking each one of them in a different room and giving them a speech about privacy.
Dean was looking around curiously. They would buy a tree to decorate for Christmas. Sam was against buying a real tree though; he was protesting against real trees and dragged Dean over an organic and nature friendly shop, where they eventually bought their tree. Dean would never say no to Sam. They'd bring it home and decorate it, to surprise Eileen and Cas who were on a case. They needed it, to feel like nothing had changed after they both came back.
"What am I thinking now?" Sam asked through laughs. Eileen hummed; Sam was thinking of the bunker's  library. He was all alone, reading, probably researching for a case. Then he saw her; Eileen walked inside the library, her belly full and round. She was pregnant; by Sam, of course. Eileen smiled and her eyes were full of tears. She moved her hands in front of her belly in rounds, imitating a pregnancy belly. She then pointed at herself. Sam nodded happily and walked over her, wiping her tears and kissing her. Jack smiled happily. "I wish this becomes a reality, guys. I really do" he grinned and Eileen smiled widely at him.
While Dean continued crying in the arms of his brother, who was trying to comfort him, Jack looked around in wonder. "Have you noticed that there are no people around?"
Dean watches Castiel open himself up with his fingers, sliding them inside of him, moaning at every shift of his fingers. Dean paws at his own crotch, feeling his erection trapped between his pants, wanting to let it free. Castiel noticed that too.
"No, no, of course not." Dean smiled calmly as he looked up to his lover and cupped his cheek. "It's me. I can't hold myself back, I want you so bad."
Next morning, Sam stood up and stretched. Her joints popping up and cracking; sleeping on the couch wasn't good for her waist. She rubbed her eyes, last night's events rushing into her mind. She grabbed her phone and tried to call Dee; the phone wasn't in use anymore. Then she saw it; the little piece of paper on the coffee table. She took it and read Dee's number with her name beneath. With a deep breath in, she called the number.
Dean was riding his Baby, listening to some old classic rock cassettes on his radio. He was completely distracted from the song to notice the tall man sitting on the passenger's seat next to him. When he did, a little cry sliped from his lips.
"I decided something" he announced and rubbed his almost big stomach. Cas noticed the gesture and his eyes trailed on Dean's face. He walked over him and sat there, silent, waiting for him to go on.
Dean couldn't believe what was happening; the angel had just admit it the Empty would take him the moment he felt even the slightest happy. That made the elder Winchester furious. He felt hot anger boiling inside him.
"I feel…love for those kids. And I already named them, so…" he shrugged indifferently. Cas smiled softly as he touched Dean's belly too. "Tell me how you named them."
He opened the nightstand's drawer and, after a little digging, he pulled out a box of condoms. I smirked slyly. "I'm clean", I assured him.
"I won't talk to you about God's business, Uriel" Castiel finally talked, defending himself. "Father won't let this happen. It's a divine will."
He walked into the Shelby manor, like a fuming bull; Tommy and Grace were sitting in the living room along with Polly, Ada and a foreign girl; Dean remembered seeing her the day before his supposed wedding with Ada.
On his last trimester, Dean's belly was so heavy his legs could barely handle the weight. He preferred to lay on the bed, sleeping, within his angel's strong arms.
Dean smiled as the angel wrapped his arms around him. He placed his head on Cas' chest, hearing his steady heartbeat. Then he frowned and looked up at him. "Won't we… I mean… Won't you make love to me?"
Three days later and most of the boys in the bunker were sick; well the people who could get sick, apparently. Dean had a sore throat while Sam was coughing and having a fever. Castiel was trying to make them feel better while Jack was helping them. Both Winchester boys were in Dean's Den, wrapped in blankets and watching TV while the angel and the Nephilim were assisting them with some hot tea, chicken soup and fever pills.
Castiel clutched his fists and tried to remain calm; it wasn't this girl's fault God made Dean such a gorgeous man.
"Not to offend you, my lady it's just... I'd feel safer... if it was just Mr Shelby present... if that's okay?" Dean stuttered; Polly Gray always gave him the chills.
Sam walked upstairs, head down.  Dean watched him leave and didn’t regret his words, not even once. He felt so much hate. So Cas was right; they were indeed been followed. Dean would have a little talk with Mr Shelby. Τhings had to be clarified.
"Ew I don't need the dirty details, thanks" Dean complained. Eileen pouted and showed him the middle finger. Dean laughed and stroked her shoulder. "Yeah, love you too"
"You'll always be my angel, no matter what" Dean whispered fondly, kissing his lips. "Now... Santa checked on his list and read that Castiel Winchester has been the naughtiest ass fuck in this city..."
Dean was an easy person to live with. He was funny and brave, a true lion in Godric Gryffindor's House. His younger brother, Sam, was at Ravenclaw; a little smartass with some smart mouth and smart brain, loving reading and math. Sam was a great geek and both Cas and Dean were laughing at him, but Sam didn't bothered. The three of them were hanging around Hogwarts, the golden trio. But, Dean was always Castiel's favorite one.
He came in my mouth, and I swallowed, without hesitation, the proof of his pleasure. I kissed him, pushing the sperm on his tongue for him to taste it. His groan reached my groin.
"Ugh..." Dean groaned as he tugged his dick out and stroked it gently. He kept his eyes open, watching the guy getting his fingers deeper...
"Very well" the Chief commended. "I expect some progress next week." And with these last words, Castiel was dismissed.
"Yes Sir" I winked, making him blush. He sat on the armchair, showing me a perfect copy of myself, imprinted on the sketch pad. I was mesmerised by the detail. It was so beautiful.
Castiel smiled awkwardly, urgent to know what exactly happened to him. "What happened to me?" he asked. " Father called me here and then I woke up into another person's body."
"So, kids, today's lesson will be particularly interesting for the female population of this class. The potion you see is called Amortentia. It's the most powerful love potion in the whole world…"
"Tell us what you smell" Professor Slughorn asked and Castiel hesitated for a while, but he finally answered. "I smell… Gunpowder, leather and apple pie." His gaze met Dean's. Dean froze for a split of second, but his brain was working frantically.
Dean swallowed hard; this angel was worse than any other demon he had met, but she was their best shot to solve the case. So he looked away from her, trembling. "Sorry sis, you're barking at the wrong tree; I'm not rooting for this team anymore"
Soon, he pushed his manhood inside of him and Castiel just meowled; he tugged at his hair and took in a breath.
The fourth day, both Winchesters were feeling better but Dean was once more complaining that he thought his head was feeling heavier. Sam would tease him about it if Cas and Jack hadn't said the same thing; that they felt their head getting heavier... how was that even possible?
When he woke up, he felt a terrible pain on his guts and screamed. Castiel, Gabriel and Sam ran completely to his side, his mate kneeling next to him, his hand on Dean's forehead.
The moment the men left, Alfie stood up and grabbed the telephone, dialing Tommy's home number. "Tommy? It's me, Alfie. I think your boy, Dmitri is lying."
A week had passed before Castiel realized it. He was so happy here; he was waking up every day, went to the estate, Dean by his side, they helped around with the animals and the crops. Sometimes, he and Dean would lay down on the grass and get some rest. Some other times they’d take the horses and ride down the lake. There, they’d get naked and jump into the water. Those were Cas’ favorite moments; they were kissing each other, naked, into the water, their bodies mingled while the cool droplets ran down their skin.
Dean took in a breath and slowly approached Cas. "That's the angel I know and love... always choosing the stupid choice... did it ever occured to you what might happen next? How we might feel? Sam and Jack? Me?"
"D-Dean... why are you dressed up like... like Santa Claus? You know you look more like... B-Black Peter and not S-Santa?" Castiel uttered through his teeth. Jesus, this human would be the death of him.
The rest of the day seemed to go easy and untroubled. They all ate happily around the dining room's table, Sam had cooked Spaghetti Pesto, with a green sauce. Gabriel rolled his eyes. "Come on baby. Enough with your green obssession." He chuckled and with a snap of his fingers he turned the healthy Pesto food in red sauce plate.
"Are you okay?" Dean whispered on Castiel's ear, stroking his hair. Castiel looked deep in his eyes, his smile wide.
But Dean didn't heard the rest of Cas' sayings. His mind was blank. Revenge. That was everything he could think. Demons took his brother and they'd pay for it.
And suddenly his delicious juices errupted into Dean's mouth, some of it spilling out of his mouth and down hsi chin. Dean swallowed and wiped the come back into his mouth. He moaned. Fuck, Cas tasted better than any guy he had ever been with in his life.
I missed sex. Good, passionate, "want you so friggin' much" sex. And having it again, thanks to him was really an amazing gift.
She was brunnete with her hair dyed magenda from the middle to the edges. Her kind hazel eyes were scanning Gabriel up and down, as Castiel noticed. And her thoughts… her mind was full of inappropriate thoughts for both of them.
Sam blushes while Eileen gives him a kiss on the cheek. "I don't need him to kick your ass." she winks.
Cas and I lived together now. He sold the house and we rented a nice little apartment in town, close to my mother's. She was devastated after what happened with Sam and I wanted to be close to her.
"Come in!" the deep, throaty voice of the Chief urged him to enter. Castiel walked inside slowly, biting his lip uneasily. The man in front of him smiled kindly.
Someone they never expected to see again was there, before them again. Rowena, the current Queen Of Hell. With a big smile and confidence, she appeared on the table, in front of them.
Castiel chuckled. "So do you." Dean kissed him once more and let him go. The moment Castiel disappeared into his house, Dean walked over the Shelby Mansion; it was early, but he and Tommy needed to talk. The Shelby was expecting him.
While he was sipping his juice, Dean noticed a few marks on Sam's neck. "Sammy what are those?" He asked in a sly smile. "You got laid last night?"
Cas huffs and shakes his head; his chest has a beautiful red color. "No... why? What's on your mind?"
"Um…" Sam listened the hesitance on his brother's voice. "I-I have to keep my eyes on the road. See you in a while, bye!"
I was looking for an apartment and a job, living there with them one month already. I wanted my own house, my personal space. Even if I had all the fucking space in the world, I couldn't hear their sex noises. So. Loud! Cas was probably doing it so Sam wouldn't realize a thing or he was truly in love with him. I didn't knew... Jealousy was eating me alive. day by day.
Benjamin Lafitte was the kind of guy who wasn't easily impressed; just like his step-brother, Benny was cunning and ambitious, but also judicial. He agreed to meet the couple after midnight at their residence in Camden Town. It was 3 hours with a horse but Dean knew they'd manage. They left after Cas' shift ended around 7pm - Tommy had a new waitress, a beautiful 20 year old girl named Rebekah - so it was easy for them to leave and take their time. They ate at a nice little pub outside the town and had sex under the willows, next to the lake, where they stopped to rest. Dean knew, every time he was pushing himself inside Castiel, moaning his need, that this man was his, forever. He knew he'd be able to do anything and everything for him. Even betray Thomas Shelby.
Anna rolled his eyes. "That's not an excuse." She answered and started to walk away. Suddenly, she stopped and looked back at Castiel. "You won't be forgiven this time. Father doesn't accept that kind of relationship. I'll be happy to see you burn in Hell, Castiel."
Dean couldn't stand this anymore. He took the knife Ruby once gave them for killing demons and tried to stab her. But, unfortunately, she vanished in a cloud of smoke. Dean was breathing heavily when he finally noticed Sam. He helped him stand and sit on the bed. Then, he sat next to him, with a painful expression on his face. He gave him a towel and Sam put in all over his bloody nose.
Dean pulled back angrily. "Because you clearly don't. You don't pin me down on the mattress to fuck my brains out. 'Cause that's all I need at the moment. And what's the point of saying you want me without showing it?"
Where is Castiel? Sam thought. But he couldn't worry about Angel's location now. He had to face a bigger crisis inside this room.
Gabriel laughed. "No, Sammich. As I told you it's what I do. Now shush, unless you want me to kick you out"
“Thomas” he whispered, bowing his head. The Shelby nodded, his eyes eyeing Dean suspiciously. “Sit down, Winchester, we need to talk”
Anna crossed her hands on her chest, smirking. "Oh, honestly it is our business. Castiel is an angel and you're nothing more than a hairless ape who finds sex with supernatural beings hot."
"She'll be here later. She never comes the early hours; she only comes for the performances. Come over around 10pm... so I can see you again." she leans and kisses Dean's ear. She grabs Dean's notepad and pen, writing down her number and her name; Willa. "Call me handsome" she winked and walked away.
Dean chuckled and laid Cas on his back and he laid on top of him, smiling. "You did it" he whispered and kissed him.
One morning, Dean caught him in the kitchen, hovering over the table like a Jedi, with his eyes closed.
Jimmy nodded twice and his eyes closed forever. A light came out from the other man's mouth and got inside Jimmy's body. Castiel's spirit shaked the vessel in hunter's arms and opened his eyes after a while.
Christmas were rolling up; the Garrison pub was always full with people these days. The Shelbys were throwing parties and receptions so the place was always crowded.
The family had a big secret though; When Dee was only four and Sammy was just a little baby, their dad perished in a terrible fire, which destroyed their house. Since that incident, their mother snapped; from sweet and caring she turned a destruction machine. She was convinced that this fire wasn't normal and something supernatural was behind it, that's why they traveled all over the country, searching for something... When Dee was six, she was trained to become a hunter. "We'll hunt deers, mommy?" she asked, with her childlish innocence. Joannah chuckled; she stroked her daughter's blond head and kneeled to reach her height. "No, baby. We'll hunt things, but no deers."
Suddenly, a redhead was in the middle of the road. He couldn't recognize her, but she could. She was an angel. Anna. The one he had hooked up before.
Castiel was so attractive; he was tanned, with beautiful silk black hair and blue, blue eyes. His lips were pink and juicy, almost begging me to kiss them. He had a cute small nose, high cheekbones. His teeth were white and his body was amazing. He had some tattoos, of course; I spotted one on his backside, also one on his arm. He had a weird symbol on his back while his arm was full of fire, wings and roses. This guy was so hot! And I wanted him so bad! Every single day...
"She's my girlfriend, you dumbass" Sam frowned and crossed her arms in front of her chest. "Just say it; what do you want?"
"Huh?" Dean swallowed, confused and embarrased. "What the hell Cas? I thought we agreed you wouldn't snoop through my head ever again!"
"Yes, indeed" Castiel nodded, sceptically. "Where's Esme?" he looked around John, hoping he'd spot her.
Cas sighed and stood up, carrying Dean back to bed. Dean straddled him quickly, before he'd be stopped and kissed him. "Please, angel. I need you. I need you to do it for the babies. They need to get out. It's almost the second trimester, angel. We can't wait more."
“There was no choice to be made, ever!” Cas spat out. “It was always him! You like it or not, he’ll always have me! I gave myself to him! All you got is a violent intrusion. He owns my body and my soul and my heart because I gave them to him willingly!” Cas yelled. “It will always be him! You’ll never have what he had! You’ll always have a violent fuck! A rape! That’s all you’ll ever have! And he… he’s going to have our love making! He’ll always have –”
Castiel frowned and nodded. Yeah, everybody knew Grace Shelby, that was her name now. "What about her?"
Dean laughed and shook his head. "I don't care about hookers... and no. Tommy would never allow this on his birthday party."
"Can you please shut the fuck up?" Castiel growls and Dean witnesses his angel glowing inhumanly, his Grace showing in his eyes.
After a while he excused himself to go to the bathroom. While he entered the large room, he was bumped onto someone; someone tall and handsome and well build...
"It was nice meeting you Dee." she yelled as she walked upstairs. Sam sat on the armchair next to the couch while Dee tried to find the perfect position to relax.
Dean opens the drawer and finds the angel handcuffs. "I've an idea. The Empty can't take a human, can it?"
Dean swallowed heavily as he pulled down Cas' boxers and his own, pulling him on his desperate cock. Before he did the final move, he leaned to the angel's ear and whispered. "I know you never had an experience on those crap, but if you feel any pain or anything, just… let me know. Okay? I don't wanna hurt you."
"Indeed." Castiel nodded. Then, he threw a worried glance at Dean. "You're right, you know… But it doesn't mean Father doesn't want me to be happy, Dean."
Dean perked up at the name. “Sir… I’d like to ask a favor… whenever you get the Solomons… would it be able to inform me? I’d like to have a word with Benny Laffite.” The Chief nodded.
Soon the videocall ended and Cas leaned closer to Dean's chest. "You won't get mad if I go alone hm?" the angel asks, fluttering his eyelashes.
He closed his eyes and smiled to himself. Tomorrow he'd go to the pub, he had an appointment with Mr Shelby after all. He'd see Castiel - Dmitri - and probably get all the answers he seeked for.
"Dean.." he whispered, his palms on Dean's shoulders, stroking, comforting. Dean looked away, tears of wrath making their appearance. Castiel sighed and lifted the hunter's chin up, his voice calm and sure.
That night I made love to him the whole fucking night. I kissed all his wounds, I tried to put all his pieces together. We were two souls in one body now.
Castiel read Dean's projected thoughts and huffed. "That's it. I know you wanna go and see that girl. If you want to go and screw with a random stripper just say so!" The angel wasn't even aware of the rest of Dean's train of thought, just hearing the girl's name in Dean's head was enough for him. He stood up and wore a pair of Dean's jeans and a shirt and a pair of shoes he found on the floor. He also grabbed Dean's jacket and his FBI budge and ignored Dean's longing stare as he watched him leave.
Castiel frowned and raised his blade. "Azrael? What the fuck are you talking about? I thought you'd help us!" With inhuman power, he had his angel blade in Azrael's neck, wrapping her in a deathly grip. Azrael was struggling to get free of his hold. "I lied Castiel! Because it was easy! You're so pathetic, so gullible, so petty... it was easy to lure you and your pet in here, to her... all she wanted was two hearts that truly loved each other, so we'd make a spell and free her son from Zeus' prison! She promised me Heaven, Castiel! She promised she'd help me rule Heaven! And there you're, destroying everything!"
Dean hums and sucks some stubble between his teeth. "Because it sounds like you're thanking me for my service"
Castiel wiped his eyes when he finished the letter. Dean was faster; he had already finished it. “So it’s over” he whispered. Castiel smiled. “Yes. It’s over. We’re free” he hugged him and kissed him. The letter wasn’t mentioning Sam. It was for the best; Castiel wouldn’t like to know anyways. He hugged Dean tightly. “It’s okay Dean… everything we’ve been through… My love we deserve this…”
Castiel tilted his head "Why should he had a kitten down there?" Gabriel sighed and turned at Dean. "I should cut you, Dean. But you'll be unconscious. Are you okay with that?"
He turned and the most beautiful view greeted him; Dean, wearing his white boxers and only that, leaning against the doorframe, watching him, his gorgeous body marked with marks Castiel put there. His hair sticking everywhere, his smile could lighten up the whole room. "Why are you awake? Come back to bed."
"I-I will explain everything…" Dean apologized, showing his palms in surrender. "Just…sit. It may be a little too much for you."
Castiel threw a serious look on him, sighing. "The truth is I don't understand how could you help" he answered."You only cause troubles to me. I don't understand why I should risk my life for you"
Back on the road, the two angels wandered around the city when a silk black car stopped just in front of them. Gabriel seemed so happy when she saw the two girls into the car.
Castiel smiled kindly to Sam and turned to leave, but Sam stood up and stopped him. "Don't worry about me. Both of you" continued, turning his eyes from the Angel and staring at his brother. "I'll be fine."
"I don't think we've ever met before, Mr Shelby. I moved in here from Russia a few days ago; My name is Dmitri Krushnic."
The Shelbys nodded. Castiel was good with the fake identities as well. Dmitri Krushnic was another alias of his.
Castiel chuckled softly, nodding, his cheeks slowly turning a soft shade of pink. "Of course, Mr Shelby."
"Good morning, Dean. I was just looking at Chuck's moves. He completely ignores the fact Cas is alive. He can't see us anymore."
"Or he'll return me back to where I was from. Back on the streets. Back to my pimps."Cas gave me a look of entreaty, begging me to save him.
Castiel had saw it all. He immediately left the bartender and walked over Dean the moment he saw him standing.
Dean felt his cock was on fire; he felt it stirring at the view of his angel pinning him under his weight. Dean moved his manhood inside Cas and urged him to move.
Castiel turned into his arms and sighed, feeling the heat emanating from Dean's body. "Thank you Dean. I'm sorry I dragged you into this... I had no idea she might -"
"Sam, drink it!" said the female demon, offering him her bloody wrist. "It makes you stronger! You can only kill Lilith-"
After Sammy was comfortably into bed, clean and sated, Dean decided to go back to bed. He was excausted from his earlier activities and all the alcohol he had consumed at the party. He had to admit it, the Shelbys did the best parties in Birmingham.
They still had to find a way to bring the world back to normal. And their friends. They missed Charlie, Bobby, Claire, Alex, Jody and Donna.
His thoughts interrupted when some well-known hands touched his nude chest and turned him around. Ruby, naked in front of him, was smiling seductively. Sam felt like he would thrown up and took her hands of his breast. He ignored her completely, while he was closing the water, going out of the shower and wearing a towel around his waist. Ruby wasn't even trying to hide her nudeness. Sam glanced at her in disguise.
"Castiel was right. You were right. I promise I won't lie to you again." Then, he hugged Dean tightly.. Tears started to fall from his eyes. Last time they hugged each other they were kids. Sam wouldn't leave anyone get between him and his brother. All his family was gone by demons, Dean was what only had left. He wouldn't leave anyone to drag him away from Dean. It was Sam's everything.
I saw him realising who I was as he raised his eyebrows and wrapped his robe around him tighter. Still my robe though.
"What are you looking at, freak?" she asked. Her eyes were wide in happiness. "You'll lose him, Dean. You will lose him and he will come with us. Sam will rebel against you. He will follow us soon."
His phrase left unfinished as he watched his lover, who was leaning against the doorframe; Dean was wearing a red coat, with white fur and matching red pants and that was it. His hair were unmade, sticking in every direction and he was licking a lollipop. Holy hell...
A hint of a grin appeared on Dean's lips and looked at his angel. "No, Cas it's not necessary just…" He sighed and covered his face. "I can't stand this anymore, you and your bareness, every single night, I can't!" He snapped. "You might not be very naked, but it affects me much"
Castiel wasn't thinking. He surely wasn't. He should be investigating for the Shelbys... instead... he was fucking with a soon-to-be groom and had no shame about it.
"He's alive." He said. "But we can't do anything for him anymore. Heaven is waiting for him to rest in peace."
One of the girls, a busty blonde with big blue eyes approached Dean. "So you must be agent Hardy hm?
Cas nodded slowly. "I think he… I think he's pregnant and I don't know how is this even possible…" Cas shrugged looking at Sam, who was ready to burst in laughter in any minute. "I mean… he's a man but if he was an angel it wouldn't be a problem for mating… I didn't touched him Sam I swear—" He was abruptly cut off by Sam's hysterical laughter. His eyes were almost teary. When he saw the angel wasn't joking, he stopped and wiped away the tears. "You're not joking, right?" Cas shook his head. "As I said to him, it's an ancient spell about angel mating. When he was cursed, the night the spell begun he saw a… a sexual themed dream about me" Cas turned red looking away from Sam. The hunter coughed awkwardly but nodded. "He has to…have sexual intercourse with me to deliver unless he wants to have a pair of twins inside of him for the rest of his life"
Castiel smiled and leaned back to Dean, enjoying his warmth. He had miss this, he had missed him. "Hi" he whispered into Dean's ear, kissing his lobe. "Wanna get out of here? Please I need this... I've been missing you..."
Dean followed him. "What are you talking about? Cas, you're better than I ever imagined so what's that lecture all about?"
It was raining that night; They were staying at a motel in Wichita, after a successful case; Dee had killed that vampire with a swift motion of her machete; Joannah was so proud of her. Dee was a good little soldier. At the age of 23, she never expressed the need to go to college or do something else, apart from hunting.
Castiel nodded. "Yes. I will work there as a bartender. They have their meetings there. I would be able to hear everything". He immediately stands up and goes to the Chief's office.
Dean gaped like a friggin' goldfish; The angel had never cursed like that before and Dean thought this was kind of hot. As a kinky bastard Dean Winchester was, he thought he could add a little dirty talk in his sex life, from time to time.
“I need you guys to do me a favor” he asked, looking at both boys intensely. “I want you both to keep an eye on Dmitri; I need to know what he’s doing when he’s out of work. I’ve a bad feeling he might be a spy…”
When the lesson ended, Dean left for the his dorm without waiting for Cas, as always. He needed some time alone, to think.
Castiel smiled back. He liked that girl, Anna. When the other Angels wanted Winchesters dead, she wanted them to be safe. Because of the one-night stand with the older brother, no doubt, Castiel thought.
Dean bites and sucks a mark near Cas' hipbone and once they're both equally naked, Dean opens his legs; the view was so beautiful. He gasps in awe, watching his beautiful angel.
Then Sam suddenly stood up, grabbing his hands. “Why don’t you want me?” he started crying, pushing him over a flat surface as they talked; Dmitri noticed they were in a dark alley behind the Pub. He started to panic.  “Why don’t you want me? You want my brother, is that it?” he growls, his face so close to Dmitri’s; he could smell his breath, reeking of alcohol and vomit. He pushed him off. “Get off of me!” he groaned, but Sam was stronger. He pressed his body close to his and leaned to his neck. “I bet I can fuck you better than he ever will… I promise you… just let me show you honey…” he slid his hands beneath Dmitri’s coat, stroking his body. Dmitri shivered, but it wasn’t a pleasant shiver. He pushed Sam off, who ended up against the other wall. “Get your fucking hands off of me!” he yelled and ran away. He ran with all his strength to Dean’s place and knocked on the door like a maniac.
"Rowena!" Sam, obviously excited, stood up and tackled her in his arms. Rowena pushed him softly away from her. "Is that a gun in your pocket, or are you just glad to see me, Samuel?"
,  Cas thought. Grace knew his face. They were studying back in London together; he hoped he had changed a lot since then so he wouldn't be recognized...
Dean smirked and pushed away a strand of hair which was in front of Castiel's eyes. "Good. 'Cause I'm a joy to be around"
Sam shook his head. "Jesus. Not what I meant. I was thinking like... maybe Sexy Santa? You know... I understand you're still trying to find what you like as a couple and such but... it'd be a nice start, don't you think? Cas will find it funny."
"Dean, don't you dare…" But he had already hung up. Sam cursed under his teeth and prepared himself some coffee. There it was when he decided to go and check on theirbathroom quest. He knocked the door in disbelief. Maybe Ruby had found an escape from the room. When he heard her yelling, he smiled to himself. The slut was still in there.
"Alex and Kate" Sam said. "We're married a few years; thought we'd do something... different tonight" Eileen played along, nodding, smiling seductively.
How could he answer that question? How could he tell them that Cas was gone, for good this time? And that he did nothing to protect the angel, his all these years protector?
The book Sam was holding fell from his hands as he made a move to embrace her. "Eileen! Is that you?"
"To surprise you, of course. You know you're my favorite, Samquatch, don't you?" He smirked slyly. Sam raised his eyebrows in disbelief and Gabriel exhaled sharply. "Okay, Moosey. I came to see my brother. I'm gonna become an uncle, am I not?"
He started moving on me, pinning me to the bed with his hands. I was incapable of moving and I was loving it. I was watching him staring at me lustfully, moving his hips, using me as he liked and I was fucking loving it.
"You guys sure everything is okay?" Sam was on the phone with Dean, talking about the case, with a book in front of him; he had a weird feeling about this case.
The knock on their wooden door was what woke Samantha Winchester that early morning, on 4:34, in her apartment in California. Who the hell might be?
Dean chuckled as he fondly stroked Cas' shoulder. "Don't worry baby... we'll get over with it soon and then we'll be able to go back in the room and so I can do some more...
Castiel was holding his champange glass, sipping it slowly, looking around shyly; after he wished happy birthday to his boss and complimented his wife - Grace was indeed gorgeous, she'd be able to turn a gay man straight for her with that dress -  he wandered around, hoping he'd spot Dean into the crowd.
"You didn't said that the last time." she answered, pulling her body against his tightly. Sam had convinced himself that he wouldn't let this demon manipulate him anymore. With quick moves, he left her on the bathroom and locked the door. Like he remembered something, he smiled, while Ruby was giving heavy knocks on the door.
She tried to get a hold on Eileen too but Dean was faster; he jumped on her, knocking her out and stabbing her to her heart. Her body glowing and finally turning to ashes. Dean huffed and laid there, sighing, taking deep breaths. Castiel helped him get up.
Tommy coughed and rolled his eyes. "Get a room, you two" he joked. "Shall we sit? I need to talk to you, Dean... Dmitri, whiskey. Irish. Three glasses"
"Uh, my vessel" Castiel answered looking at himself. "I don't even know. I woke up and I was inside this vessel. That why I need your help. To find my old vessel."
Dean sighs. "Breakfast. Like always." He whispers and nuzzles closer to Castiel's body. "No" he groaned when the angel was about to stand up. "Make Sam or Gabriel to do it. I want you here. I'm sensing something bad will happen."
Dean looked at him with a raised eyebrow before he checked himself on the mirror. “Jesus… you’re insatiable. Look at my back!”
The woman seemed really terrified. "Nick what are you saying?! I'm sure this is caused by the stroke!"
Castiel made coffee for both of them; Sam stayed until the first clients walked in, helped him tidy up the place and wipe the floor. He was really nice and Castiel wondered what would happen if Cas met Sam first and not Dean.
"...the Sabini is gaining power, Tommy." Dean heard Alfie saying. "We should do something about it."
Dean blushed as the mental image filled his mind; him, dressed up as Santa while Cas was laid on the bed, like an innocent damsel, all ready to be surrendered to the red clothed Papa.
"I heard your prayer." Cas mentioned. When Dean looked at him in surprise, Castiel explained. "Your thoughts. They were screaming "Castiel, Castiel, please I'm an ass I'm so sorry"".
"Mom I need to talk to you" she tried. Once Joannah swallowed her mouthful, she pushed her plate away; Dee had finished her food as well and gathered the plates, taking them to the sink to wash them.
Sam's eyes widened, his mouth hung open. Dean looked down his feet, while a certain female demon was screaming "I knew it!" in the bathroom.
"You'll never rule anything" Castiel growled into her ear as he stabbed her. Azrael died and Castiel threw her away, spitting on her. He hated how foolish he was, how every angel could manipulate him. Aphrodite disappeared the moment she sensed the danger, so there they were alone, above a dead angel's body.
Cas leans and presses his lips against Dean's. "You're the most selfless, the most adoring, the most idiotic human ape I've ever had the honor to meet"
"Cas, I-I… I don't know what this means…" Cas touched softly Dean's cheek. "I don't either, but…" he shrugged indifferently. Their eyes met each other, pure blue met bright green. Dean's breath froze in his throat. Their faces were getting closer and closer, until they were separated by a few inches.
Dean snorted and pulled Cas against his body, closer, their noses touching. "Nobody's gonna ever take you away from me. Not Empty, Billie or friggin' God himself. I'm going to fight everyone and everything to be with you. We'll find a way. And certainly not a solution which ends up with you being a martyr. Is that clear?"
Next morning, the first thing Sam Winchester saw when he opened his eyes was a pair of angry green eyes.
I was naked, laid on their bed, the sheets wouldn't be able to hide much. He was across the room, obsserving, working. He was so gorgeous... His eyes were on me, then his sketch pad, back and forth, back and forth... My dick was free and hard, I felt like i was about to fucking explode. Being with others, I had never felt so erotic, so... I wasn't sure if there was a word to describe this feeling...
Cas shook his head. "I'm afraid not. I'm sorry, Dean." Before Dean could answer a flutter of wings was heard and the angel was gone. Dean sighed and stood up, taking off his phone and calling someone. "Hey, Bobby it's me. I need your help.."
Dean nodded simply. "That's right. After a few days I couldn't put my ass into my clothes and I still don't know why. I don't even eat that much."
"What the hell have you done?" I screamed and pounced on him, forcibly lifting him from the sofa causing the bottle to escape from his hands and fall to the floor.
Castiel stood up immediately and looked at the mirror. Who the hell was that man and why he had his body? Last time he checked, he was inside Jimmy Novak, a righteous man who had given him his body as a vessel. This new body was a bit uncomfortable for the Angel. The man was older and taller than Jimmy was, he had brown hair and eyes and had an arrogant expression on his face.
Castiel held Eileen's hand as they walked inside the bunker, tired but contented with themselves; they defeated the nest of vampires quite easily. "You're such a talented partner. " Castiel signed for her and Eileen squealed happily. "You know how to sign?" she said.
The blonde behind the wheel smirked; she seemed satisfied. “We’re the ones you’re looking for, ladies.”
With a snap of his fingers, five men grabbed them both and dragged them out of the room. Castiel shared a glance with Dean as they were dragged into the dungeons of the estate. “What’s going to happen to us?” He asks one of the Blinders. The boy sighed. “Only God himself knows.”
"I wouldn't describe my own breath as hot, Dean." Cas whispered frowning down at his human. "I wouldn't say it's that warm"
Castiel rolled his eyes but he remained there, mentally ordering Gabriel to make Dean's breakfast. But Gabriel was so lost in his hunter's embrace, after a night of hot sex, he barely noticed him. Castiel sighed and waved his hand, a disc of delicious breakfast appearing in front of Dean. Dean smiled brightly, like a little kid and looked up at Castiel. "Thank you. They seem amazing" he whispers enchanted and started eating.
Dean frowns and pouted, looking deadly at his little brother. "But I don't have a sexual life with him!"
And with that he lifted him up against a wall, pining him there with his weight, kissing him deeply. "Want me to fuck you like this, Cas? Hard and fast and dirty? Would your naughty self like this?"
"Cas huh?" Sam asked intrigued ad he sat on an armchair. "Well he was freaked out when we talked earlier. He worries about you"
Thomas sipped his whiskey slowly, then left the glass on the wooden craft table. He stared the Winchester in the eye. “I am, Dean. But do you even know what this man did? Or you’re so blinded from love you don’t recognize the traitors? This man is Inspector Castiel Novak. He’s from Russia, his father was killed by mine and he came here for revenge. He got assigned our case and tried to find evidence to bring us down Dean. He came into my own bar, pretending to be an innocent immigrant all while he was spying on us. He dragged you to the Solomons and lied to them, asking for protection. Alfie was suspicious of him, especially when he asked to keep the conversation a secret. He’s using you, Dean! To him, you’re only a tool to solve his case and avenge his family! Don’t you understand?”
"Baby, would you mind leave us for a while?" Sam asked Jessie, who nodded and walked out of the room.
She fumbled a little in her little purse and took out another piece of parchment. "Whoever told you you couldn't invade the Empty obviously wasn't aware of what magic could do," she winked conspiratorially.
When the boys left, Thomas called a number. The other caller answered it immediately. “Hello Moss, it’s Thomas Shelby. I want you to tell me everything you know about somebody named Dmitri Krushnic.”
Castiel comforted him that night, defending their brothers and telling him that he had no right to be mad at Sam while he had mated another angel and Sam was so positive upon them. Dean finally completely surrendered, when his angel made love to him. This was the most sweet surrender Dean had experienced.
Castiel left Dean's side without a word and walked over the bar, intenting to talk to the bartender, so Dean and the girl were now alone.
Gabriel was welcomed back from the dead from Dean and Castiel, Dean wasn't very pleased about his relationship with his little brother though. He didn't liked the fact that the angel who had killed him so many times for fun, who trapped them in tvland and caused his brother so much pain was now Sam's boyfriend. Despite his current situation, the Winchester brothers had a heated fight, with Sam defending Gabriel, saying that he had changed. Dean had left the room, surrendered and unhappy.
Cas swallowed as Dean approached him and wrapped his arms around him. He leaned into his warmth, sighing. "Dean..." he whispers. "Dean we need to talk..."
Castiel gasped, his eyes wide and confused. Sam had asked him out on a date? What? How this happened?
Sam, Dean's brother, was already outside Dean's room, all dressed up. He was wearing a two piece suit, black, with a burgundy red tie. His hair were sleeked back, the sides shaved, as usual. Dean whistled.
"Whoa Sammy, calm your tits, we've all the time in the world to discuss our issues - that's a nice couch" Dee commented, as she was laid on the black leather couch in the living room. "You know, my back hurts from all this sleeping in the Impala lately... and this couch is so comfy..."
Dean: I'm such a terrible excuse for a human! More details when I'm back. Don't tease, I won't tolerate it for long.
Cass nodded once. "I want to go to Russia as soon as it's all over. I want to get away from here..."
"Yes Sir" Castiel nodded and took in a breath as he inspected the Shelby from that close. Dean was nowhere to be seen; hopefully they'd meet tomorrow and he'd ask him to keep them a secret. Of course he'd keep his real identity a secret as well.
His mother smiled and stroked his hand. She had missed her son terribly. As she watched him in the table, eating, drinking, talking with his uncles, aunts and siblings, she noticed the way the other man’s eyes always lingered on her son for a little bit more. The American was quite handsome and as her son informed her, he was a lawyer.
Back at the bunker, the guys were having some fun; Eileen was guessing what was on Sam and Jack's minds.
"Of course not!" I exclaimed loudly. The man was staring at me, interested. "I'm surprised, that's all... my brother was always so... open about his sexuality. I thought he was... y'know..." I shrugged. "I don't judge. We're both pieces of the same pie" I smirked, winking at him. He smiled shyly, staring down on the floor.
Dean kissed his forehead. "My offer still stands. We can take our stuff and Sammy and leave. Russia is better than in here, I hope?"  he asked. Castiel grinned widely. "Ah, she's all white with snow now Dean. We were waking up with Natalia and making snowmen. We also threw snowballs to one another. It was nice... then mom would make us hot chocolate and we'd stay close to the fireplace... I wish I knew how they are... it's been a while since I got a letter..."
Castiel blushed and stroked the babies' heads lovingly. The babies had pushed away Dean's breasts and were about to sleep, yawning adorably. Dean smiled and held them both in his embrace.
Eileen signed "We miss you" and Dean's heart clunched. "We miss you too guys... can't wait to come back..."
The boys were back at the motel's room. Sam was sleeping and Dean was looking after him. He couldn't fell asleep. What he dreamed a few hours ago terrified him: Sam, in diabolic red eyes, was doing Lucifer's will, murdering people, drinking demons' blood and getting stronger and unstoppable. He thought of Castiel. How this guy would help Sam? What if Sam was already evil? He was already drinking Ruby's blood. Was he strong enough to kill Lilith and raise Lucifer?
“That’s not being nice, sister” Castiel’s frown got deeper. “I can see their thoughts and I assure you, nothing nice was involved. That’s… how people say it? Harassment.”
Suddenly I felt like my whole body was on fire. Ignoring Castiel, who was trying to restrain me, I headed for the living room, where my brother was sitting on the couch sipping a bottle of whiskey.
Gabriel’s cough got her out of her trance. “Seems like it’s our lucky day, isn’t it? How about we all go and talk somewhere? It’s breakfast time, by the way” Gabriel winked at the brunnete’s direction, who blushed and bit her lip. The picture of a blond, unknown woman and guilt flood through her, but it was quickly shoved back with a
When he found us, I knew someone was going to die. I tried to stop him, but the bastard was armed: his bullet found Cas on his arm.
Castiel tilted his head on the right side, looking so desperately innocent that broke Dean's already broken heart. "I'm all yours. Take me."
I wasn't capable of realizing if it was real or a figment of my imagination. I still had trouble believing it was real, even after we already had done it...
"First of all. We need your lover boy. I can summon her whenever I feel incredible lust or obssesion or sexual tension or love. So if you want this to get over with, call your Winchester."
Ruby bursted into a thunderous laughter, Sam could hear it even the door was closed. "Yeah, like you would!"
“Shh.” Castiel kissed him softly. “My love. I’m glad you’re with me. You wouldn’t be able to do nothing more. It’s okay..” he smiles and strokes his face. “We’re free now and we… we can be together…”
When he hit puberty, his father was killed by a mysterious man. Later Castiel learned that man was Arthur Shelby, the Senior. He never learned why. He promised to revenge the Shelby family, no matter what. That's how he decided to become a cop.
It was almost 5am when they finally fell asleep. Castiel was aching all over his body but he didn't cared much at this point. He woke up an hour or so later and stretched, his bones popping oh so deliciously. Ugh, that felt good. He smiled as he watched Dean; his beautiful lips were half open, his chest slowly moving up and down. It was a view for sore eyes. Castiel would easily imagine himself waking up next to this for the rest of his life... When he got tired of watching Dean, he stood up, grabbing a shirt of Dean's and wearing it on his slim frame, walking downstairs, wanting to prepare some tea or something.
A whole evening, and a few hours later, both Winchesters were in the kitchen, pouring some coffee. Both were tired, with hickeys all over their necks.
When they reached the Solomons Estate, both men felt a tremble. They shared a glance as they left their horses at the stable and knocked on the door, which was opened by a batler, they supposed. The tall elder man nodded and let them pass, the moment they said their names. "Mr Lafitte is waiting for you"
Castiel Novak was 22, from Russia. He was a cop and his mission was to find as much as the Officers needed to get the Shelbys to justice. He hated them genuinely; a secret from his past was helping him going on.
“I see… so you followed him from the bar to a grocery shop and then… several visits to your house, Samuel?”
"I'm not funny and I know it. I'm not joking either though, Dean." Castiel wouldn't meet his eyes. Dean slowly sat beside him. "Why?"
"Hey little one" he heard someone calling; That was strange. Castiel stood slowly, trying to adjust his eyes in the dark. He grabbed the angel blade he was hiding in his back pocket and aimed.
Dean hugged him tightly and kissed his cheek. "Off you go now, sir. It's quite late and you've work tomorrow..."
Yeah, right. Like I will start talking about chicks with an Angel, Dean thought while they were opening the door and leaving in the middle of the night.
"You're jealous" Dean smirks, kissing Cas' hand. "I like it" he whispers. "Shall we go to a motel now? I reall need you Cas..."
Thomas Shelby was a harsh man; he wasn't the kind of the man who would be soft or forgive that easily. When it came to his family... he was tender and passionate and he'd do everything to keep them safe. He got used to his sister's whimsies and whenever she was rebelling against him, he was trying to make her see reason. But that time wasn't one of these times...
Dean leaned and kissed him deeply, grabbing his face and pushing him on the couch. Castiel felt trapped but he liked it. He wrapped his legs around the other's waist and threw away the borrowed shirt all while he was pushing Dean's underwear down his legs. "I wasn't expecting... this." he joked.
"So do you, aparently" The Empty snickered; it had Meg's meatsuit. "Hey Clarence. It finally happened, didn't it? Your little demon friend here begged me to let you at least have this before I take you but... it's time. C'mon. And don't bother wear clothes 'cause... nobody's gonna watching. C'mon"
“So I was wondering…” Sam blushed, a few minutes before it was time to leave. “Would you like to go out with me?”
Grace smiled softly and nodded. "Thank you... my husband told me about you... what a charmer you're"
The man was staring at me still, questioning eyes, while I was eyefucking him. Who was he? A friend, a colleague of Sam's, perhaps?
Castiel let out a breath he didn't knew he was holding and walked into a stall. Where was Dean anyway?
I hugged him and tears were running down my cheeks as well. "I don't want him to hurt you... Just stay... please..."
Cas nodded. "Yes, Annie, its all true. I'm his Guardian Angel. I protect both of the Winchesters. God commanded me to do."
I woke up, distraught and sweaty, by a dream. I felt horrible. I wasn't able to get away from him even asleep! I stood up and realised that I had jeezed in my boxers. Ew. I grabbed a fresh pair of boxers and ran to the bathroom. Hopefully, it wasn't occupied... After a quick shower, I walked downstairs to the kitchen, where I was upon a great sight; Castiel was making some eggs while he was swinging his hips, hearing music in his iPod...but I could clearly hear the lyrics he was murmuring... Led friggin' Zeppelin! Could he be even more perfect?
"I'm not Nick or whatever your husband is named. I'm an Angel of the Lord and I have a mission to perform…"
I never hid the attraction I had towards men. Never, except while I was in the Army. It was vorbidden. The only one who knew about my sexuality was Benny, my best friend and ex lover. He was the only one helping me during our long stay at the camp. He was the first man who help me realise who I really was. I hoped Sammy would understand; hoped it'd be okay that I liked both genders. He had some brains in that little head of his, I hoped he'd accepted me like that.
When the rift closed behind them, Dean screamed with joy. He hugged the angel and gave him a kiss on his lips. His kiss was so demanding... He thrusted his tongue into the angel's mouth and pulled him close to him. He wasn't interested in the whistles and the coughing he heard from the others in the room.
Dean unbuttoned his jeans and pulled away his tight tee, throwing it on the front seat of the Impala. He unbuttoned Castiel's pants as well, pulling them down at the angel's ankles. He did the same for himself too. He grabbed Cas' waist and pulled him on his lap. His eyes were on fire.
Sam and John nodded. Dean was still a bit self consious about that. He really didn't wanted to spend the night fucking a woman...
Dean tasted Cas' mouth desperately, trying to memorize the angel's taste. Castiel's lips had the taste of pie and apples and…carrots? It was a nice taste, though. Now Castiel had another taste on his mouth: Dean's.
Dean started rolling his hips down the angel's, feeling his hard dick through his pants. "You still wanna go all alone angel?" Dean smirked, biting his lip as he kept pushing his hips down at Cas'.  "Having all those girls hitting on you? That's a no no. I'm coming with you..."
"Not yet" Castiel's voice sounded. Dean's eyes, which were down on his feet, were now on Cas' face. "He's okay with me, don't worry."
He stood there, looking at Dean's green eyes, without even breathing. Dean leaned his face closer to Cas and closed the gap smoothly with his lips. Then, he pulled back.
Meanwhile, Sam and Gabriel were going out at bar, drinking, hunting and having sex. They were so happy for their newfound love, Sammy finally felt alive, his heart beating, not in sadness mourn and nostalgia. He had finally found someone, whose his love could compare to Jess'. Sam felt like the first days with Jess, he could barely see her behind his eyelids smiling to him, being happy for him. He was sure Jess would be happy that he had continued living instead of dying in sourness because of her death.
Everyone were on the Great Hall, except Dean. Cas' eyes were looking around for him, without a result. When he stood up to go to their dorm, Anna looked at him curiously.
When Sam spotted that woman, he tugged at Eileen's hand and showed her the woman, who was approaching them. She leaned over Sam, her busty breasts leaning closer.
"So Dmitri" he started. "Tomorrow I'll throw a party; it's my birthday. You're invited as well. You've been here for a while and I trust you, you're like family now."
I smiled, agreeing. That was our life now: Sex, adoration, love, need. I held his hand. "Forever, Cas."
Castiel soon could push his whole fist into his ass. Hopefully his ex, Trevor, had helped with that. He thought of him and rolled his eyes; they got their separated ways not under good circumstances but Cas wouldn't ever give a shit. He stood up and kneeled before the guy, taking his dick into his mouth, his wide, doe-like blue eyes staring into the other's.
Dean noticed Sam was bubbling uncontrollably one name; Dmitri. It wasn't ringing any bells until Castiel's flushed face rushed into his mind. That day, at the Garrison, when Thomas asked him... he called him Dmitri... Cas said he'd explain...
"They're fucking!" Ruby shouted, interrupting one more time his thoughts. Sam looked at the door, with no expression crossing his face. Ruby continued.
"Maybe Cas is right..." Sam frowned, exchanging a glance with Eileen, signing the conversation for her. "Eileen told me... she saw something earlier... she might not be able to hear well but she can see things... and she... somehow saw something I dreamed, perhaps? Something that was on my mind?"
"I don't like sharing, Dean. You know that. You can go. Castiel stays here. That was the deal. He loved me. He stays with me forever. Or else..." My stomach tightened at that moment.
Dean's eyes got wet and he felt like his guts were hit hard. Cas behind him was holding his breath, his angel blade hidden in the sleeve of his right hand. They just needed to go a bit closer, he needed to hold Sam still for a while…
Dean sighed and closed his eyes. "It was awesome. You were awesome" he kissed him softly on the lips.
With a final thrust, he felt himself getting more and more exhausted, his body wet with body liquids and sweat. He heard Castiel's final orgasm and felt the weight of his sweaty body onto his. He was tired too.
Dean raised an eyebrow and kept looking on the road. He remained silent, without even commenting on what the Angel said. He threw a careful glance at the Angel's appearance. He couldn't even admit to himself, he liked the old vessel.
Dean was always annoyed by how Castiel was acting around him. Like he saved him from a fate worse than death. And it was worse, actually. Dean felt a warmth inside his chest, as his body was coming closer to Cas' on the Impala's seat. His face was leaning closer to Cas, his green eyes locked on the brown ones.
"Anna was right about you" Azrael hummed, leaning closer to Dean. "You're reckless and careless and extremely, unbearably pretty" she beamed, licking her lips.
"So… twins? Will you give one of them my name?" Sam said enthusiastically. All he could think it was that he would become an uncle and he was very happy about it.
"Are you gonna tell him or I will?" Sam demanded. Cas, holding my hand, dragged me onto the bed and sat beside me.
"Let it out..." he begged through a moan. "Play with yourself... but don't come just yet... I want it all for me..."
Dean smirks and nods. "Of course" he pecked his lips once more before he started the engine on and drove to the barn.
Next morning, a few hours after midnight actually, Dean felt a hot body onto his half-naked one. He pulled his pants and boxers up, buttoned himself, took his thrown t-shirt and wore it, then he positioned the angel's sleeping body in a more comfortable position on the Impala's backseat and wrapped him with his thrown on the Baby's floor leather jacket. Cas was an angel, it wasn't necessary, but Dean knew the angel could feel the cold air intruding from the car's opened windows. He placed a kiss on his lover's forehead and got outside in the sunrise, pulling out his phone. He had 30 missed calls and 10 text messages, all from Sammy. Dean placed a hand on the back of his neck awkwardly. They had a demon waiting and he was out with the angel, doing…
Castiel couldn’t define how much time he had spent into that cell; it could be hours, days or just some minutes. He was beaten, his whole body ached and he could take no more. He was worried about Dean though. Where was he?
One day, Professor Slughorn showed them a very strange potion. It had a pink hue and had a great smell. Castiel couldn't determine it, but it smelled really good to him. This fact excited his curiosity and he approached closer, to hear better what Professor Slughorn was saying.
"I should wake him up now" Gabriel whispered. "The babies need to feed. "With a snap of his fingers, Dean blinked his eyelids open, looking around. "Cas? W-What happened? The babies.." He touched his belly, but there was nothing there. His body was like he had never delivered a baby, muscular and strong like always. Sam approached him with his little newborns. Castiel smiled and kissed Dean's forehead. Dean looked at his children and cried. "God.." He mumbled. "They're so beautiful…" Gabriel coughed as he pulled away and held Sam's hand. "You should feed them.." He said and dragged Sam away, to give them some time with their kids. Dean frowned and looked up at Castiel. "Feeding them? What does he means?"
“I won’t” he shrugs. “I don’t care about kids, I just want to be with him. You can’t even imagine what we’ve been through”.
Dean woke up with a wide grin on his face, but his angel wasn't beside him. He looked around, even his clothes were at the same spot where they had thrown them last night. Last night…
"It's me. Castiel" the man quickly explained. The Angel noticed the puzzled gaze of the man and sighed. "I need your help."
When Dean came back from the trip, it was sooner that Castiel expected. Dean came and took him at a park, not far from the club. Dean had brought him a nice little locket, with a green gem, matching the color of Dean's eyes. When Castiel opened it, there was a saying on it.
Castiel nodded, rubbing his shoulder; Jesus,this Shelby man was a true gypsie, wasn't he? Open hearted and hospitable. Castiel almost admired him.
"About demon's blood, right?" Castiel looked directly on the hunter's green eyes. Dean looked back and nodded. "Yeah." He answered. "This demonic slut is feeding him her blood, to make him stronger but deep down I know there's something more than this. Only save us all from the ultimate slut, Lilith? Please."
“A spy?” Finn snorted. “Dmitri? No Tom, you’re being ridiculous now. He’s nice and trusting. I like him”. Sam nodded, agreeing.
But Sam wasn’t even bothered. He pinned Castiel’s arms above his head and freed himself from his pants. He opened the man’s legs with his knees and rolls his hips. “You could have it all, Castiel; fortune, drugs, me. But you chose him. I could give you everything and you still chose him.”
I couldn't hold my thoughts back. I didn't even knew him and there he was, affecting me and he didn't even knew shit about it!
"I don't want you to go" Dean states, as he hugged his knees and looked down at the mattress. "It's dangerous for an angel."
"We would meet at the same spot we first met and Sam followed me over the burrow me and the other whores were living at. When Sam tried to free us all, my pimp found out. He asked Sam to leave, he was armed. The gun backfired and we buried it, among with my pimp, far away. But Sam's fingerprints were all over the gun. We took the money we found and drove off. I also shared the money with the other guys we were working together. Me and Sam bought this house and I continued my studies at college. I owe you my whole life" he stared at Sam.  He walked over him and stroked his cheek.
Dean smirked and kissed him hungrily. "You better tell me the whole story when we're done with this." he hissed into his ear as he kept sucking at his lobe. Castiel shuddered and nodded. "Yes sir."
"Yes. Da, da, yes, yes in whatever language in the world there is. I fucking love you. I want you. Forever."
While Dean was on his ride, he felt guilty. Cas was sad, because of him. He had left his angel and his brother alone, unprotected, with a demon. While he was driving his Baby, he remembered last night he and Cas had made love. In this car. On the backseat. Dean could still smell the scent of sex and sweat and…Cas.
Dean's punch found his face, especially Sam's nose and made it to bleed. "This is for having secrets from your own flesh and blood, you son of a bitch!" Sam couldn't say a word. He remained silent, in the floor of the room, bleeding from his nose.
"Don't be a pussy, brotha". Arthur growled. "Ada won't be mad; it's your last night on the bachelors' pool anyways..."
"So, you want to work here, as a bartender?" Tommy looked the guy all over; he seemed tough and uptight and maybe a little bit of sassy for his tastes. He needed a trusted person in the bar, listening but not talking much, someone who would keep their secrets. "Are you capable of keeping the secrets of this bar between these four walls?"
"That's it!" Dean growls and grabs Cas' hand, dragging him upstairs. "You know what? You're assholes. Both of you" he stated loud enough, so both men heard him.
“Shut the fuck up!” Sam screamed and slapped his face; Cas felt his mouth full of blood. Then he felt something else… he felt Sam pushing inside him violently and he screamed, on top of his lungs. He tried to push him away while Sam was tearing his insides with his huge manhood; nothing Castiel had ever felt before. It was hideous. He wished Dean was there, he wished somebody could help him…
Cas ran outside. It was silent and dark in the cells. He looked around and spotted Dean in the next cell. He bended over and tried to break the lock with a hairpin. Dean was crying when he saw him. Cas asked him to be silent.
He loved Dean, he loved him much. Now he knew all the levels of love and intimation people experienced and he was happy to know more about it. He loved Dean's body, the feeling of his hands on the soft skin, the feeling of his mouth on Dean's body. He wanted to do that again. He needed to do that again.
Sam raised his eyebrows. He was incredible! Running away with the angel, missing all night, sending weirdly messages and now trying to be funny! That was more that Sam could handle.
The hunter laughed as he opened the door for the other. "You were jealous of a stripper who flirted with me?"
Cas walked into the Garrison in his normal clothes, sighing; he had just quit the stripper life. He'd miss the hot glances on his body, the dance, the other dancers... He took in a breath as he unlocked the bar's door and turned on the lights. He started cleaning up and setting up the place. Suddenly, he heard the door bell ringing. "We're not opened yet -  Dean?" Cas blushed and swallowed.
Dean winks and attachs one cuff on his own hand, then the other on Cas'. "There. Now it won't be able to take you - at least not without get through me first"
"Well I wanted to surprise you... they say Santa Claus is coming on Christmas Eve but for you angel... for being so naughty... he sent his naughty assisant..."
So that Dean could explain to him, tell him that yes, he loved him, he loved him more than anything in the world, and that this was such a stupid thing to do and that he didn't deserve it. That kept Dean still alive, that little flame of hope still burning within him.
Anna shrugged. "I heard the news. Congratulations! You and Castiel are a thing now. Heaven is buzzing, you know."
Cas sits on the seat, sighing. He stared at Dean, not able staying mad at him for long. He held his hand. "It's just... I never felt like this with anyone before... when I met you... I was a fierce soldier. All I knew was obeying... And then I saved you from Hell and my whole world came upside down. And I feel -"
"Sammy…" he murmured, most to himself than to the tall man behind him. His eyes were concentrate on the glance in front of him, ignoring everything else. "Leave us."
"Well, if it's a trap, you'll kill me. You're more powerful than me, aren't you?" Azrael winked. Castiel rolled his eyes and texted Dean. "Lusty Leopard. Now."
"I'm glad to hear it. Let's make a toast. To business and love affairs that go wrong but don't affect us."
When Sam returned home, with some help from Finn, Dean was waiting for him. When he heard the keys giggling on the door, he stood up and opened the door roughly; Finn looked at the Winchester, confused. “Hello, Mr Winchester.” Finn waved. “I brought you
"Such a pretty name... So, Dean... Why don't you lay me down and have your way with me hm?" Castiel suggests, biting his lip.
Dean's mouth fell in agape, when he opened the motel's room and looked around. The bathroom's door was opened and there was sulfur everywhere.
"Ugh I hate being sick!" Dean complained the third day of having a sore throat; he had also lost the ability to taste and smell and he had a fever too. Sam was already feeling better; Eileen was back from her hunting trip and was taking care of him. Dean made a face at their public affections. "Can't they be more subtle about it? We've been in love as well but..." Sam heard that and left a loud cough. Castiel, ignoring the situation completely, was approaching with a plate of hot tomato soup for Dean. They had moved into the living room, which was bigger and comfier for all of them.
"Dean why would you like to take me to a motel for?" Castiel snapped his eyes at Dean, his blue orbs wide and confused. Sure, he never searched through Dean's mind anymore, since Dean was so against it but now it seemed that, somehow, Dean was throwing his thoughts at him...
Dean wore his tuxedo and looked himself in the mirror; damn, he looked good. He bit his lip and fixed his hair a little bit, thinking about Cas. He hoped he'd be able to see him tonight. He had missed him; they hadn't met each other since that day he went to the Garrison to meet Tommy and Grace. He had been busy lately but he craved to see his lover, to feel his skin against his fingertips...
"Because I didn't wanted to ground our family ties on a lie, Sir - Thomas!" he blushed and looked down at the cover of the couch, which seemed very interesting right now.
"AHHHHHHH! STOP! YOU STUPID SONS OF BITCHES FUCKIN' STOP NOW!" Sam screamed as the blade cut his left limp.
Castiel nodded. “We’re looking for someone… their names are… Dean and Sam Winchester. I was wondering if you could help us”
Thomas Shelby was waiting for him in the living room, with a glass of whiskey on hand, his pajamas under his night robe. Dean walked slowly over him, his heart drumming.
He rolled his eyes and sat down on the bed, putting his head in his hands. "Come on, Dean, where are you?" he monologued. "Did he stopped for dinner, drink or fucking the angel on the corner of the road?"
Dee sat straighter and frowned down at her lap; her sexuality was always a sensitive topic. "You said you'd forget it and never bring it up again."
The demons laughed and celebrated the captivity of Sam Winchester all night. Next morning, Sam woke up by a slight pain in his ribs. He felt liquids making his skin sticky. What was going on? All he could remember was himself entering the bathroom were Ruby was kept. Somehow she managed to escape the devil's trap. Then, he felt something heavy hitting him and he lost his senses.
Sam smirked. "Here, my dear, is your death spot. Out" She gulped and got outside the car, Dean and Castiel already there, holding their weapons raised; both of them holding a white oak stake. Sonia frowned. "So that wasn't planned at all" she mocked and suddenly she grew taller, getting her real form.
I knocked on the door when I finally arrived at Sammy's apartment. A young man that I didn't knew opened the door, wearing a robe. My own fucking robe! His face had no age lines, it was light and bored while he was staring at me. He had shiny blue eyes, black hair and full, pink lips, which caused me to bite my own.
Dean wasn't angry. He was so damn horny before and the angel made it worse. Also, his big belly made it difficult for him to move or do anything. So Dean relaxed on the couch and jerked himself off, thinking of Cas touching him, kissing him, holding him, pounding into him, taking such a good care of him…
He opened his eyes and looked at the black eyes in front of him. A black-haired girl was smirking nastily at him. "Morning, princess. You slept well?" Sam groaned. "Meg." The brunette chuckled. "That's right. I'm happy you remember me" Then she put a knife deep into his hipbone. "Now shall the party begin." She whispered and pulled away the blade. "All we need is your brother to come and rescue. And he will after the sign we left." She laughed and left the room. "Ruby, he's on you"
The clatter of the plate into the sink disturbed her; she watched as her sister turned slowly and glanced over her, frozen. The first one who talked though was Joannah.
Dean looked at the Shelby intensely. “What did you do? You ordered my own brother to follow Dmitri? Why? Do you even know what my brother did? I thought you were against those crimes, Thomas”
"Okay. I'll inform the Chief about my moves from now on. I'll stop going to the club. I should get into their headquorters, I need an insider of their plans and minds..."
"Not until you accept our terms" Ruby whispered into his ear. She scratched her wrist and offered it to him. "Drink. Become one of us. Become one with me." She muttered as she nipped at his lobe."You can have anything you need. Wealth. Strength. Immortality. All I need is to drink this tiny drop and come with us…"
Alfie Solomons looked at the men, from head to toe. He coughed and finished his cigar, dumbing it on the ashtray on the coffee table in front of them. "There they are" he smirked. "'Thought I had to go all over Birmingham and bring your asses here myself!"
A few years later, Castiel got a sister; her name was Natalia and she was the most beautiful girl in the whole world. Castiel loved his sister the moment he saw her. He was 6 when she was born and almost cried when he saw her. Her little legs kicking, her little hands trying to catch him. He kissed her forehead and promised he'd never let anything bad happen to her.
"And what's your name again? Your face seems familiar..." Arthur frowned, tilting his head, as he glared at the boy.
On the other hand, Sam, motivated by his brother's hope, was trying to find a way to bring Eileen back. Where could she be? The Empty? In Heaven? Or in Hell? He begged Jack to take a trip around so they could get a clue on where to look for her...
Dean leaned his forehead against Cas'. "I promise you, I'll be there for as long as you want me. I promise to get old, to have white hair and beard. I promise you that I'll die by your side, happy, contented. And I promise you we'll reunite back in Heaven. You and me and eternity."
Castiel smiled at them and then looked at Dean. "Thank you, Dean." He whispers and kisses Dean tenderly. Dean chuckled and shook his head, kissing back.
"Cas saw you with this filthy sucking bitch I hate and heard that you plan to kill Lilith, am I right?"
Dean listened the flutter of wings and the heat of Castiel's breath on the back of his neck. Sam stood up immediately and shook his head to Castiel's direction, greeting him. "Um… I'm gonna give you some privacy, okay?"
They went to the port and paid for some tickets. It’d be a long trip but Cas didn’t cared much. He was free and happy and with his man by his side.
Castiel felt his eyes prickle with tears;  it had been a while since he felt this familiar feeling inside him, someone trust him, someone considering him family. He smiled softly and bowed his head.
"Where's Cas?" Dean asked as he headed to the counter to pour some orange juice, as the coffee was forbidden for him, and to grab a piece of cake.
Castiel was pushed against the wardrobe of the room, being kissed by the beautiful man in front of him. He admired Dean's soft lips, his green eyes, his built body, that was currently revealed. "Dean..." he gasps, exposing his neck so the human could kiss him there.
"No" Cas was begging me, all night, tears running down his face. "Stay. We will be more careful. Please... I need you..."
Dee chuckled and nodded. "Well yeah she said that too - she's on a case in Vegas so I found a chance to slyther... out" she winked. "So... you got a girlfriend huh? I didn't know you were that type... you were always a weird kid but this... I'll be damned"
When they reached the estate, Dean paid the cabman and helped Cas carry their bags. A beautiful young girl approached them, curious. “Hello sir?” she asked in English. “Do I know you?” she tilted her head, confused, almost as adorably as Castiel did. Cas smiled. She was a beautiful young woman. She was brunette, with bright blue eyes, similar to their father’s, long wavy dark brown hair and a restrained smile. The dress she was wearing was so bright, matching her eyes. Cas bended his head and offered his hand.
"W-Why are you…" Dean started to say but he couldn't complete his sentence. Cas' lips crushed his. This surprised Dean, the Angel wasn't used to that kind of diffusions. The Angel was surprised with himself too. He was never supposed to kiss that man. But, he felt an unusual feeling crushing his chest. Was that love? That's how it feels like to love someone?
Castiel was born in St. Petersburg, in a huge estate; his father was extremely wealthy, working as a merchant, with his own company. His mother was a teacher. She kept working at the local school, teaching English to the Russian kids.
Dean blushed but ignored the comment and proceed to walk over the stage. "Hello, ladies. Agents Hardy and Murphy, FBI." he grabbed his fake budge and showed it to the strippers. Castiel wasn't even batting an eye. Dean gives him a glance and coughs. "Agents. FBI?" he repeated.
"This was for thanking you about finding my vessel." Dean smiled back and looked down his boots, couldn't look at Cas, feeling embarrassed. Castiel approached him and put some cool fingers on the hunter's warm cheek.
