Just as Tony opened his mouth to undoubtedly start a quarrel, Bucky called out to the both of them. “Got the hatch open, if either of you losers fancy actually doing your jobs and stopping this shitshow.”
“Love you too,” the boy murmured.
hates Halloween, so she probably won’t want to do anything.”
“Hey-“ Tony’s voice dropped, turning serious, and suddenly there was a hand over his, long fingers gently attempting to unclench Steve’s fist and stop it digging into his own skin, “hey, Steve, it’s okay- we’ll get your stuff back, I promise. I’ll find them and make them give it back. I can track your phone, can’t I? It’ll be easy.”
They didn’t talk.
Like he’d said- he’d come a long way. And he was really starting to like where he’d ended up.
He ignored the offended response Clint gave him in favor of swiping sideways and pulling the phone up to his ear. “Hey, Tony,” he said lightly, jumping to his feet. Around him, there were various quiet ‘oooh’ noises, and he shot the room an unimpressed look before slipping out of the door and hurrying down the corridor.
“In another life, you should have been an actor,” Clint commented idly, not looking away from the phone that was hovering an inch from his face while he lay on the counter. Steve scowled at him before turning back to Peter with an exhausted sigh, and Tony chose that moment to make himself heard, clearing his throat softly and then moving behind Steve. His hand slid over the man’s shoulder and Steve glanced up at him, his face softening immediately.
“Then what should we do?”
Unfortunately, Steve knew him well enough to see that. “I love you, Tony,” he said softly, “and you love me. We’re
He couldn’t go home.
Fuck. He was glad the guy couldn’t actually hear him- that would only have been more embarrassing.
“That’s rude.”
“You thought wrong. I loathe to say this, Rogers, but get some clothes on.” Tony rolled off him and then grabbed Steve’s shirt from the floor, tossing it over.
now, “I’m so happy for you!”
“Uh, I’m
He just needed to show them that he was still an asset. Then they’d stay.
“Does that mean we’re going to get to go to a wedding?” Thor asked in delight, bouncing up and down on his heels like an excited puppy. “I’ve never been to a Midgardian wedding before!”
- he could see it burning orange, slightly unnatural through the polluted smog, but beautiful all the same. It was just beginning to sink to the West, the light wrapping around buildings and casting shadows into every corner.
He just needed to sleep on it. He’d decide on what to do in the morning. For now, he just. He was just tired. That was all. Tired and sore, and too fuzzy to make a decision.
Behind them, Clint clapped, long and slow. “Yeah, okay then Steve, get Stark to deal with your shit. You know he’d do anything for you- look after your sorry ass just because you say please, let you use him as your fucking punching bag, if that’s what you felt like. Hell, you know his rep- probably spread his legs if you batted your eyelashes right-”
“Sorry,” Steve said apologetically as he reached for the phone, and Tony sighed, settling his chin sulkily on Steve’s chest and looking up at him with a pout. Unfortunately, seeing as his work phone only rang in emergencies and high-priority cases, Steve couldn’t let himself be swayed. Shame. He picked up the phone and moved it to his ear, pressing his finger to Tony’s lips to stop the man from doing something churlish, like make very loud sex noises. It would not be the first time. “Captain Rogers speaking.”
Altogether, Steve could see eight other people in the room. Clint, Bruce and Nat, Sam and Peggy, Sharon and Jan, and of course, Tony, sat next to him and bumping his shoulder. It was loud and bustling, and although he knew they had all not been there for any more than an hour, the whole place already looked as if it had been turned upside down.
But it didn’t matter. No matter what he did, Steve didn’t fucking react.
There was a short pause, and then Ty laughed. He took another step forward. “I think I’m starting to get really sick of you. Walking around here like you fucking own the place, taking Tony away from us and trying to keep him all to yourself. Acting like you care about him for anything other than the same reasons anyone else does.”
“Welcome home,” Steve said, cracking open an eye, “you’re late.”
Steve was the last person on Earth who deserved it. Steve had been the perpetrator.
“Looking particularly crappy today, Rogers,” Clint breezed, looking up from his cereal to shoot Steve a sharp smile. His eyes were lined with bags, and his hand was shaking; barely visible, but still there.
“Yes, you do,” Steve said gently, “please. Don’t try and hide this. That... wasn’t a normal nervous response. You weren’t even looking at me when you told me to stay where I was. You weren’t in the room, not really. And I don’t blame you for that, okay, but I still need to know a little bit about it. For my safety and yours.”
Steve huffed in surprise as Tony pulled two out and offered one to Steve. “Where the hell did you find them? And since when did you
do that to me again,” was the first thing that Steve had said to the other man when they’d arrived home, slamming the door of their bedroom behind him as Tony had muttered something foul under his breath and limped back over to the direction of the bathroom, his head turned away from Steve. “You have
Steve finally sat up then, spotting Tony standing in front of him, looking at himself in the full-length mirror and rubbing gently over the love-bites on his neck. He was indeed clad only in his boxers, and Steve cocked his head as he observed that ass without shame. It was a fucking great ass.
“So,” Sam began from behind him, making him spasm in surprise, “Tony Stark.”
it didn’t mean anything. He knew it- it wasn’t even a big fucking deal, and yet here he was, undoubtedly fucking blushing for the eight millionth time-
“It’s not-“ and Steve hated this, hated how every single time they went through the same conversation, over and over like a broken fucking record. He’d wanted to tell Tony that he wasn’t angry because he’d disobeyed, he was angry because Tony had gone in there and taken down the main router and then
_____
adorable! So- so yeah!”
Steve sat there, watching Tony sob into his best friend’s sweater, and he felt that ache. He knew that Rhodey felt it too. And Thor, and Sam, and fucking all of them.
He couldn’t remember
“Vitals suggest so, Sir,” JARVIS responded.
His phone buzzed, and he glanced down at it. It was Steve, surprisingly.
Tony paused, and for a moment it seemed as if he was going to continue to bullshit his way through it, but then his face just sort of…fell again, and he shook his head.
?” Was, of course, the first thing out of Bruce’s mouth. He turned away from the desk he was leaning over and stared in dismay at the deep purple bruise that had started to form along Tony’s jaw and cheek, and the butterfly bandages that he’d hastily stuck on to close up the cut.
Rhodey looked confused, but nodded, pulling five bucks from his pocket. “We’ll see you ‘round, Steve,” he said, before turning away with Carol and walking down the street.
He was prepared.
Tony’s mouth went tight, and he resisted the urge to sigh in frustration. Instead, he just turned back in the direction of the door again. “I was actually thinking that we should try enforcing that night-time rota again,” he said, fingers fiddling with the hem of his shirt, “I know we never really established it in the first place, but it would probably be better if Peter alternated between rooms, y’know.”
“What is your gut saying?” Natasha asked him, zipping up her jacket and then pulling out a hair-tie in order to get her hair out of her face. “Cause mine’s telling me that your tech doesn’t malfunction, and Steve wouldn’t just forget to check in with you.”
“No. No, I need to go—”
, you can’t just fucking- you can’t flirt with me and mess with my head and then call me pathetic, okay, fuck you.”
Well. Sometimes he was just sad.
The car in question sped around the bend and turned down Steve’s road, illuminating the fast-darkening streets in white light. He raised a hand desperately, trying to wave the driver’s attention, and then sighed in pure relief as the engine cut out and the car stopped messily at the side of the road.
Steve had looked at him for a long time as he’d weighed up what to say. He couldn’t even let on that Tony had been kicked out thanks to Stone—schools were legally obligated to report that, and if Tony was moved across the country to the Godfather that he said was worse than Howard…
Tony made a few more tiny noises that may have been words, but his hands tucked around Steve’s neck and he buried his head down into Steve’s chest, so it wasn’t like he was complaining much.
Tony rolled his eyes. “I don’t have to know you to know you, you know”
He was asking Steve what he’d thought.
He was never coming home.
Steve didn’t say anything for a few moments. Tony watched his throat work, watched his mouth purse as he thought it over. Steve was not a stupid man, far from it. He knew Tony’s point held value.
He shook his head. No, no, he couldn’t. “I—I have an apartment,” he croaked, “in Washington. I’ll take my stuff, be out of your hair. It’s… you don’t have to worry.”
“That’s
Eventually the kisses grew more heated, more meaningful, until Tony’s hands wrapped around Steve’s neck and pulled, dragging him down on top of Tony as he lay down on the mattress. They kissed like that for a while, until Tony made a small noise and then broke off, shuffling uncomfortably. “One sec,” he muttered, and then shoved a hand under his back, pulling out his notepad and pen from underneath him. He made a motion to toss it to the side, but then paused half-way, bringing them back in.
He realised his desk was still turned around, facing the workshop entrance instead of the opposing wall. He doesn’t remember when he did that- at some point after Steve had walked in and punched him, maybe. He should turn it back around.
“Steve,” Loki said warily, and Steve blinked rapidly, brushing his eyes once more, “please don’t start crying in front of me, I don’t know how to deal with that shit, okay. Actually, I do, but it involves narcotics, and I don’t think you’re about that.” The boy paused, before cocking his head and pulling a curious face.
“You scared me out of my mind, Tony,” he said in the end, voice quiet, and Tony’s heart sank. Oh. It was gonna be one of
just blushed, come on, don’t even lie-“
_____
Tony took another second to remain in Steve’s arms before he pulled away, taking a quick breath in. “Uh, they said 4 o’clock. Pepper might be a bit later.”
Unsurprisingly, he found it a moment later- lounging casually in what had somehow become his spot over the past week, with one foot laying propped on the bench and the other scuffing absently along the floor, the picture of laid-back as he laughed at something Clint was saying.
“What, make vague and intensely threatening comments?” Bruce asked him, looking at him from his blanket-fort and pulling a face.
But Tony didn’t look particularly chaotic at that moment. He just seemed sad. Steve recognised it from a mile away- he’d seen it in the reflection often enough, come on.
after a while.
Steve harrumphed, fiddling with his hands against the table and trying not to blush wildly at the accusations his friends were all throwing at him. It was… Tony having a crush on him was ridiculous, really- Tony was Tony and Steve was just…
Not that he intended to, obviously. Tony had been his sure thing since… God, probably since before they’d even started to date. Maybe before they’d even started to be friends. Sometimes Steve looked over at the other man and felt as if they had always just been inevitable. Tony would laugh if Steve called it destiny, but it was the only way he could aptly describe the way their souls just seemed to fit with one another. It felt stronger than love. It felt like understanding what it was to be whole after living life as a fragment.
“i think the stars would be very proud to know that their atoms created something as impossible as you,” he says quietly, instead.
He looked around their room. His and Tony’s room. Everything was dark. He hadn’t turned on the lights.
She nodded once, grimacing wearily. “You’re a good kid, Steve,” she told him, “but you
“Unharmed, Captain Rogers.”
That wasn’t true. That was a toxic relationship from twenty goddamned years ago and it wasn’t fucking true.
at it for like four hours in your bedroom, can you cut it out in the public kitchen?” Clint whined, shooting the both of them dirty looks, “you’re too old for this shit now.”
He lurched forward, hand reaching out for the Widow’s Bite in Peter’s hand before the kid could goddamn electrocute himself, but Natasha shouted back at him. “IT’S FINE, I DEWEAPONIZED IT. HE LIKED IT BECAUSE IT WAS SHINY.”
He jerked, eyes flying open and looking at Tony in confusion. The boy was… he was
“Clint!” Steve admonished with a sigh, “I am not coercing Tony into joining us over here using sexual favours.”
knew that Steve could probably do a thousand times better than him, but Steve seemed content where he was, so Tony sure as hell wasn’t going to contest with that.
It was a very large problem. It was a very large problem that happened at four different intervals throughout the night.
Tony nodded. “Yeah. Yeah, I’ll—I need to find my own place though, I guess? I can’t just sofa surf forever.” He paused for a moment, then flexed his hands. “I got a couple hundred dollars in cash back in the car, that… well, that might see me through ‘til I can get a job. And I mean, I’m smart. Someone will take me.”
He looked at the back of Tony’s head and sighed deeply. He felt like he was always goddamn sighing, these days. Everything was just so complicated- what had happened to the days when the biggest problem Steve had had to deal with was a missing crayon or getting a scraped knee? They were the good times. He wished he was a five-year-old. Those fucks had it easy, they didn't have to worry about public image or how to make someone fall in love with you. They just ate stuff and got dirty.
Fuck, he was bored.
Steve just stared at him some more. That was the big question, wasn’t it? Did Steve believe what Tony was saying. Did he really believe that that was the explanation for the tragedy; the one SHIELD estimated to have caused deaths up to their thousands. And, obviously, Tony could just be playing him. He’d always been good at spinning bullshit on the spot; he was a businessman, after all. That came pretty high on his job description. And he knew that Steve was a weak link he could tug on until he got what he wanted. This could so easily be a ploy.
“What the damn hell was that?” Steve asked, holding Tony for an extra second to check over for injuries before releasing again when he found none.
“Okay, so how much do you know about the electromagnetic spectrum?” Tony asked him, rolling backward on his chair until he came to rest by Steve’s side. They did this a lot- Tony would pick a new thing for him to learn about each day, some cool new invention or science improvement, and Steve would sit and take it all in. It was so much better than at SHIELD, where they just handed him a musty book and told him to go through it all, which he rarely did. Tony was so much more interesting, and Steve was fast growing to love learning about all the amazing things that the future had to offer.
He took in an anchoring breath and pressed his mouth into the top of Peter’s head once more. The baby gurgled happily. Safe, safe, safe and protected. “He’s ruining your tie,” Steve murmured softly, trying to tug the silk out of Peter’s mouth. Unfortunately, it seemed like a lost cause; Peter held firm with his teeth, and after a second or two Steve simply gave up with a defeated shrug.
Over the next few minutes while Thor got up to make them all some toast, Tony leaned further and further into Steve, his head still bowed, not making eye contact. Steve knew Tony wanted to say something, but couldn’t quite get it out. He didn’t push; just directed Tony closer toward him with a steadying arm, until Tony had laid back down with his head resting gingerly on Steve’s lap. “How’s your head feeling?” He asked the other boy softly, nails beginning to stroke through Tony’s hair. It was getting a little on the long side now. Steve could wrap it around his fingers, see it begin to curl at the back of his neck.
Oh. It was that asshole.
The hand came back to his shoulder, impossibly light. “Are you okay, Steve? Or would you rather I stayed?”
With the situation diffused almost as fast as it had ignited, Steve relaxed. Tony lay down next to him a few minutes later, smiling a little nervously at him as he got comfortable on the rug. There was a childish sort of happiness in his eyes as he snuck glances over to Steve throughout the rest of the movie, and when Steve moved a little so that their shoulders were touching, he liked to imagine he could hear Tony’s breath hitch. It was certainly hard not to notice everything about Tony just then; he was so close. So… strangely real, in that moment. There was nothing Tony was hiding behind- just him, all him, lying on the rug next to Steve, surrounded by friends and with sugar grains coating his fingers from where he’d dipped them in the popcorn. His eyes were huge, reflecting the lights and explosions of the TV screen, and Steve spotted a small streak of black behind his ear from where he must have tucked his hair with dirty fingers.
Steve took in Tony’s face; every beautiful inch of skin and hair and soul, and then he laughed deep in his chest, leaning forward so their foreheads brushed. “It would be cool,” he agreed, “very cool.”
“I don’t think I want to.”
He made his way over to the worn-out couch in the corner of the room and then sat gingerly on it, careful not to jostle his midsection. He’d tape it in the morning and it’d be fine, he was sure. Had worse, after all.
Here, now, he didn’t have time for the self-deprecation. He looked at the large machine in front of him and quietly analysed it, mentally broke it down, figured out how to get it to work. He knew that there were about ten other people on the planet capable of that. One of them was quietly unconscious about fifteen feet behind him. It ultimately wasn’t that hard, however. There was a pad on the side of the metal frame, and a screen directly above. Date, time, coordinates. The Tescillians were a diverse race, and so after a few minutes Steve located the microphone that processed his speech and consequently began translating all the numerals and letters into English. After a brief search on his phone, he found the coordinates of the street.
Steve whirled around, and Tony only had a second to register the fist before it flew into his jaw and knocked him sideways, sending him off his feet and onto the tiled floor. His elbow knocked painfully against the corner of the bath on the way down, and he landed clumsily with a heavy thud, breath punching out of his lungs with a sharp force.
At that moment, his phone began buzzing again. Steve jumped, the tune ringing out loudly in the percussive silence of the hall, but took it to his ear a moment later. “Okay, so how do I navigate your house?”
Steve felt the pull immediately; hands curling even tighter around the grab rail. Fuck, he’d never ridden on a motorbike before. This was… certainly new. And slightly terrifying.
Steve just nodded, holding up his empty hand. “My mom’s ring. Gave it to me in her will,” he said numbly.
nervous. I’ve just never done this before. And I don’t—I want to be good for you.” Okay, now he was definitely blushing. That was a dumb thing to say. That was way too pathetic, now Steve was going to think he was like some lovesick idiot or something. Which he absolutely was. But Steve didn’t need to know that.
This time it was Steve who handed him the new cartridge, standing up from his position opposite both Bucky and Tony and then walking over, taking Tony by the shoulder. “Stay with us,” he said shortly, letting his hand linger against the juncture of Tony’s neck before slipping away again to retrieve his shield from the corner of the room.
“Defeated HYDRA, got to take apart a ship, saved the day? Obviously,” Tony replied, making to swing out of the door before stopping, a tiny little frown on his face.
His one eye widened dangerously. “Unless you want a suspension too Miss Romanov, I strongly suggest you leave.”
Despite what Steve said, Tony’s face was doubtful, no longer trusting of the words Steve gave him— and more than anything he just wanted to stay here and… and try, something,
Tony informed him silently, knocking against Steve’s shoulder and swaying on the little boat they were sat on. Maria was over at the other end, floating her hand through the water and watching as the fish swam by, and of course, she was oblivious to their conversation. Everyone else in the world couldn’t even hear them.
“Cool, huh?” Tony said, and Steve heard the spark of a lighter as he lit up underneath him. Steve couldn’t help but snort a little as he finally glanced back down at Tony.
There was a long silence as Tony stared at him in shock—then Thor raised a hand into the air for Steve to smack, and with a grin, Steve did, while Tony just whipped his head around and glared at his friend. “Thor, this isn’t a fucking joke!”
“What? Seriously?”
_____Steve_____
Steve yelled, struggling against Thor’s hold a little as he tried to turn and face Clint once more.
“And it didn’t occur to him that Tony just didn’t want me to get cold? No, of course not,” Steve mumbled, sitting up properly until his shoulders brushed Peggy’s. “God, I’m so mad at him.”
Bruce’s smile was tired, and he ran a few fingers over his face. “You can ask him yourself, so long as you promise not to hurt yourself when you see him. He’s waiting outside, undoubtedly listening to every word we say through these shitty bolster-wood doors.”
They talked for a long time. About everything. About Siberia, the Accords. About Steve not telling him of his parents’ true cause of death. Tony got angry, and cried, and Steve tried to find a way to encapsulate everything he wanted to say but he couldn’t do it, so he cried too.
“Good morning to you too, angel-face,” he leaned down and pressed a kiss to Steve’s hair before stepping back, “sorry for waking you.”
Tony found his eyes trained on Peter, watching in fascination as the child curled his fingers again and again, trying to catch what wasn’t there. It was confusing to Peter, but not in a way that appeared to distress him. He was inspecting his own hand and then dropping it, looking at the window where the rain fell. Tony could almost
“i’m not saying this to show you I’ve fallen
The twitch that was not a twitch. The twitch that was a
“I think I can give it a decent guess,” Steve’s voice was quiet and soft and he realised their hands were still tangled in one another’s, faces nearly nose-to-nose in the quiet of the workshop. There was a little bit of marker-pen smudging Tony’s jaw, and Steve wanted to lick his thumb and rub it off in the way his mother had done to him. He wanted a lot of things.
“I’d watch how you talk to me, Rogers,” Ty hissed at him, “I know you like to think you’re invincible because Tony’s got this little obsession with you right now, but when it ends- and believe me, it’ll end- then you’re gonna have to deal with me.” He stepped forward again, seeming as if he was going to go for Steve’s collar, but Steve just laughed and then batted his hands away, putting all his strength into pushing Ty back and sending him stumbling across the corridor.
He felt himself sigh. Despite his anger, he couldn’t stand to see Buck like that. “Like you said, though,” Steve shuffled forward, getting back onto the couch and then punching Bucky (not so) lightly in the arm, “it’ll all work itself out. I hope.”
“It’s not your job to try and soothe my ego, Steve,” Tony said with a self-deprecating smile, “this was just me and- uh- all of my dumb issues manifesting themselves in equally dumb ways. You couldn’t have done much.”
By the time the team had all woken up to go for breakfast, Tony had a stack of new things for all of them. He nodded to himself in approval and then brushed his hair off his face, standing up on stiff limbs to go and join them all. They should like all this- at the very least, they’d appreciate the work he’d done. Gathering all the bits and pieces up into his arms, he scurried out of the workshop and then tapped the buttons on the elevator with his toe, bouncing up and down on the balls of his feet as he waited to get taken up to the communal floor. The team were all sat in sleepy silence around the counter while Bucky cooked something in the frying pan, but they all looked up at him and smiled as he entered. Tony smiled back, his heart warming. “Santa’s arrived.”
Sensing a tactical retreat may be best for this situation, he opened his mouth and began walking backward, ready to roll an excuse off his tongue and hurry back to his workshop.
“Hey,” Tony said, looking down at his watch for a second, “New Year's day in five minutes.”
Peter’s hair was a fluffy little bird’s nest atop his head, but that only added to his general aura of adorability as he splayed out like a starfish on the bath mat. Again, Tony wondered how the hell this boy could have possibly have belonged to something as insidious as AIM. The thought alone made him shudder with discomfort and anger. Peter was 6 months old according to JARVIS- he deserved the chance at a happy life just as much as anyone else. Tony refused to let AIM, or anyone, for that matter, take it away from the kid. He wanted Peter to carry that adorable cackling laughter with him for the rest of his
Shit.
Sam sighed. "We didn't sign a contract, Clint."
He could feel Tony looking at him again, and glanced nervously sideways. Then he felt a hand settle slowly on his shoulder, movement on the couch as Tony shuffled closer. “Steve,” his voice sounded upset, but firm as he carried on, “Jesus Christ, Steve, you have nothing to be sorry for. It was
That thought, of course, set him off. He figured it had been a long time coming anyway; the darkness and the cold of the winter months rarely helped with his mood, and lately things had just been looking a little bleaker in general. It was always a hard thing to describe- that low feeling that came about for no reason, and then refused to leave you alone. Sometimes he felt as if he was just exaggerating it. Christ, there were people like Tony in the world who had actual things to be sad over, but then there was Steve, pouting and sulking over a feeling he couldn’t even give an explanation for. He rarely even told his therapist, when that happened. He knew she’d try and make him find a reason, and Steve didn’t quite know how to tell her that he was just…
“I love you, you big idiot,” Steve wrapped him up a littler tighter, nose pressing against Tony’s temple as he smiled down at his hopeless boyfriend, “and no, please don’t buy Polaris. That wasn’t a request, or a challenge-”
His eyes flicked back to Rumlow, just for a moment. Against his own volition, he felt something dangerous begin to flicker somewhere under his sternum. It was doubt. “Sir, I think—”
Despite Tony’s promises, the New Year came and went without them actually noticing. Turns out they ended up… rather occupied.
“Have you checked motor functions of Sir’s left arm in order to ensure the reduction of his dislocation was entirely successful?”
Steve shut his eyes and sighed, slumping down and pressing his back against the side of the tub. “I thought they were making fun of me,” he said with a shrug, “because they all probably worked out why I’m fuckin’ useless around him. Still didn’t like them doing it though, it was annoying. As for the way I looked at you—” He grinned and rolled his neck, looking up at Tony with an amused expression, “I don’t know what it was that you were seeing, but I was pretty sure I looked like a lovestruck fool. That’s how I felt, anyway.”
“Uhm-“
Steve paused, looking sideways at the ears. “It’s not… it’s not
And then, just like that, the door shut and he was gone.
“Right, yes, yes, okay,” Tony paused, and took a breath before looking Steve in the eye. “Let me come with you?”
He saw Tony looking at him as he opened the door to class. Watched the way he stared unembarrassedly over his friends' shoulders from the other side of the hall. There was a second where Tony frowned and then opened his mouth, making to move- but Steve had pushed through the door and left the corridor before Tony could even take a step.
He felt empty. Like he’d been used somehow, although the thought was unfounded. After all, he was the one who’d done the using.
Steve felt the flicker of anxiety at the risk Tony would be taking with that, but he couldn’t ultimately disagree with it. He didn’t want Tony anywhere near Howard. “So when are you going to get out?” He asked breathlessly.
“Nuh uh, don’t finish that sentence,” Tony said quickly, scrambling to action before Steve could say something horrendous like ‘
And Steve was gone.
“Bucky’s alive,” the doppelganger whispered with his last puff of air, and oh.
Glancing at himself in the mirror, he noted the puffy eyes and static hair with a small frown, but ultimately didn’t think much of it. It wasn’t like he was going to be having a long conversation with whoever this was.
And that was just Tuesday.
Steve turned his head to the noise, flexing against the restraints on his hands. “Tony,” was the first thing that came out of his mouth, the word choked off and horrified, “what did I do? What did I- is he… Did I-”
He was going to be sick, he was going to be sick, he was going -- he just had to find Tony. He had to know the damage he’d done.
“Hey,” Tony said after a minute, his breath ghosting across Steve’s hair as he tilted his head downward.
“Tony Stark?”
The room fell into silence again, save for the clinking of ice against Tony’s glass as downed the remains and then smacked it back onto the broken coffee table. The weight of the tumbler seemed to be the final straw for the battered piece of furniture, and both of them watched as the frame caved in on itself and the glass shattered, sprinkling at their feet. Tony just watched it with a face of defeat. “I hate Loki. I just got this fucking place done up.”
But if it wasn’t…
“Tony Stark, you would be the best father I could possibly think of, so you hush your mouth,” Steve told him firmly, effectively managing to bamboozle Tony into temporary silence. Steve couldn’t actually think that, right? Look at him, he was a disaster. His rather sordid past was (very close) behind him, but that didn’t mean that he’d actually learned any valuable skills in how to be a good dad. It wasn’t exactly like he’d had a spiffing role model himself either, and the very last thing he’d ever want to do to a child was put him through the same thing that Tony had gone through with Howard. The thought alone made him want to be sick.
“Good,” Natasha muttered, cracking her neck, “he took the last slice of toast this morning.”
“I seem to remember he asked you what the time was, because he was running late,” Natasha spoke over him, “ and then… what did you say again? Oh yeah, after a quite frankly scarily long pause for you to think about the question, you plucked the first number you could think of out of your head.”
at knowing Tony was okay, that he may possibly have felt a little more deeply for the man than just friendship. Looking back, it was obvious that it had been like that from the very beginning. Steve had friends here, he had colleagues. The rest of the Avengers had taken Steve’s lead after a while and come to live in the tower too, and so Steve had ended up finding a strange sort of kinship in all of them. He loved them, and he cared for them deeply.
bit further, then I can-“
“Yes, sir?”
Something sounded up above him, a strange sort of crackling noise, and Steve looked up hastily, eyes widening as he clocked the strange bright light that was hurtling toward them. For a second he thought it might be a meteor, but it was moving too erratically for that, and… it looked sort of like a person. Natasha had seen it too, and their sadness turned into battle-mode, both of them reaching for their weapons as the bright light careered down toward them.
The exit out of the cafeteria was bottlenecked- even more so than usual- undoubtedly because of what was happening in the corridors. Luckily, Steve was small enough to wheedle through the gaps, and found himself out in the hall in under a minute. It was full of like-minded students who wanted to get a peek of the action, but luckily due to the fact that lunch had only just begun, there weren't actually that many kids around. Relatively speaking.
Tony’s voice filtered through his head, the memory of one of their first civil conversations straight after the battle of New York. Tony had always made sure to remind him of that. He’d always believed it—hell, on more than one occasion he’d called Steve a truly abysmal soldier, which, frankly, was true. Steve viewed rules more like guidelines and he didn’t care for the orders of men who’d never even seen a battle before. The only reason he hadn’t been discharged at all was because of his title as Captain America.
Case in point; he felt Steve’s fingers move down from the small of his back, trailing across his sides until his hands wrapped themselves under the bottom of Tony’s thighs, hitching them up and pulling Tony in a little closer. Tony made a breathy noise, which Steve swallowed up immediately with a twitch of a smile on his lips. He knew exactly what he was doing, the bastard.
Tony clenched his jaw and sighed, turning to Steve and poking his cheek. “Fancy letting me down for a bit, big guy?” He asked, “it’s been about ten hours since I consumed any liquids and my kidneys are starting to complain about it.”
“One week,” Tony promised, finally turning on his heel and starting to walk away properly, but continuing to keep his head turned in Steve’s direction. He waved. “Love you bunches!”
“Oh, so this ain’t even about me, is it?” Bucky asked him wryly, “this is about Tony? Of course, that being said, when is it
Steve lurched, turning to the sound of the low, drawling voice. Loki was stood over him, arms folded, confrontational as ever. But he was holding a bottle of water in one fist and a cup of what smelled like coffee in the other, so it seemed he was going to be giving one of them up as a peace offering.
He turned on his heel again, walking back up to Steve and then raising his hands to cup Steve’s face.  And then, without a pause, Tony leaned in and kissed him soundly.
“STAY AWAY!” Was the last thing Steve heard Tony say, before one more, final shockwave blew through the air.
“Do I look like anyone else, Rogers?” Tony gestured to himself and scoffed.
Tony stopped, shocked, as Steve just grabbed his clothes like nothing was wrong. “Um, I’m sorry- did you just Han-Solo me? You did. You fucking Han-Solo’d me. God, i take it back. I hate you, you’re the wors-”
“Steve Rogers, new kid, Brooklyn, right?” She asked quickly, and Steve’s eyebrows rose higher.
Steve texted that evening,
Tony spared a brief moment to wave a hand at them. “No promises.”
are going to have to stand there and look at it.”
“What the fuck are you talking about?”
Steve frowned, not making sense of the words. Thor, who apparently had come to see what the problem was, spoke up before Tony could try again, however. “You unlocked the dead woman’s phone,” he summarised, voice grave. Tony glanced at him, and then nodded once. Under his nose, Peter smelled like babies and a little bit of Steve’s aftershave. He just tried to focus on that.
Tony swallowed, feeling something sting the back of his eyes as he looked out of the window. He shrugged. “I’m really not,” he muttered, “you’ve got Rhodey for missions. SHIELD labs for designs. The Tower is yours- you all own equal shares. I… God, I’m just a fucking asshole.” He laughed miserably, feeling a lump form in his throat as his breath caught. “What the hell would you even want me to stay around for, let’s be honest. I’m stubborn and rude and I don’t know how to maintain any of my fucking relationships.”
He reached his stop barely a minute later and thanked the driver quickly before stepping off and shivering from the sudden gust of cold. His clothes were still a little damp, and the rain had started up all over again by that point. Luckily, his warm home loomed right up in front of him, and the sight of Tony’s flashy car parked up outside made him smile in relief.
“You are the heart and soul of this team, Tony,” Steve declared, which- okay, he hadn’t been expecting, “without you, you know where we’d be?”
“I need you,” Howard snapped quickly, and he stepped forward again, coming closer and closer to Steve’s face, “gotta meet with a client. I’m not in a… they’ll want you more. Guy looks kinda queer anyway, so you’ll fit right in.”
“Yeah, but I’m betting Steve doesn’t know where to go,” Carol added from her spot on the floor, before looking up to Clint with a smile, “plus we actually like him.”
“Your turn to hold him,” Tony declared, suddenly keen on changing the subject as he turned around and then hoisted Peter up into Steve’s arms. The man grabbed him reflexively, and then looked at him in momentary panic, right back at square one. “Remember what I said- arm under his butt, hold him against your chest or on your hip, whichever feels most comfy.”
“I’ve got you too, you know,” he murmured, before dropping his hand and letting his head fall against Tony’s arm.
, when they woke up and felt hungry or needed to poop or whatever it was that babies did in the night.
Steve did, slowly, warily, and Bruce’s eyes were firm. “He is alive. You did not hurt him. He knocked you out and then we arrived, and we got you home, and you’ve been here for a few days. We’ve been running some tests to make sure nothing that happened has a risk of permanence. It doesn’t. There wasn’t enough time for it to even attempt to take hold of you fully. The restraints were purely to be extra safe. Do you follow me?”
He buried his head into his hands and tried to breathe. In and out, in and out, in and out.
Tony let Clint take him and then once his hands were empty, decided to fill them with a mug of coffee. He moved through the kitchen to the coffee maker, a frown etched into his face. “Natasha’s right,” he pointed out, “we can’t just keep him here. But another superhero group might be a little better equipped with dealing with a superhuman kid, if you get my drift.”
“Sweetheart,” Steve’s tone changed- no longer scared and panicked, but soothing. Gentle. He wasn’t far away any more, he was in the room with Tony.  “Sweetheart, it’s alright. You’re completely safe.”
why.”
Steve paused. “Uh- paying?”
“Just out of curiosity,” Tony whispered, like they could hear him from the other side of the door where Die Hard was playing at full volume and yet was still being drowned out by the sound of his friends’ voices, “do you think they- I mean, who’s in there?”
Tony didn’t say anything- he knew that feeling all too well.
But Thor, because he was Thor, didn’t let go. And after a few seconds, Steve just went completely limp in his arms- to the point where he wasn’t even using his own two legs to stand on, and he fell to his knees, head held in his hands.
only woken up two seconds ago, after all, “what’s the situation?”
oh my god, I’m so sorry, I’m so
when it was chocolate.
“Look,” Peter stepped forward, “he thinks he’s this terrible person who only deserves to be surrounded by terrible people, and then when the not-so-terrible people come along, he’s all like, ‘oh fuck I gotta make them go away before I hurt them’, right? So he pushes at you or he says something to you, and you think it’s just him being an asshole because
“You’re awake,”
So Steve acted.
Instead, he simply ran as fast as he could possibly run.
Tony sighed, and looked up at the ceiling. Seemed like this supersoldier was
“Yeah. Yeah, I do.” That’d been a complete goddamn nightmare, involving way too much alcohol, a bar fight and a brief bomb threat. Steve had gotten yelled at by the President, and Tony had laughed at him fondly while poking at Clint’s new tramp-stamp that he’d drunkenly decided to get. “Did we ever get told we were allowed back into the country, or are we still banned?”
For a second, the agony of it all felt like it might kill him. This was so, so wrong.
Steve glared at him. “SHIELD don’t murder people, Rumlow- even if they’re criminals.”
was the person who loved Steve.
Tony is the type of person to not sleep for 20+hours and be found in hysterics because he's built a perpetual motion machine that keeps a slinky going
Tony leaned back and bit down on his tongue so he didn’t burst out laughing. “Mmmm, really?” He asked, and then watched as Steve nodded vigorously.
Something settled on his chest. Warm. A hand. It stroked, soft, along his collarbone. “Tony, love, it’s gonna be okay. I’ve got you. We’re gonna be fine.”
“Happy fucking birthday,” He said to himself, stealing a kiss before the whole pile rolled and fell down the set of stairs that lead to the living room.
“Good” Steve replied, pulling away, “because I’m gonna need you to repeat that to Tony when you next see him.”
- she must think him so Goddamn weak, they all must, “he hit me because he was mindfucked, I survived, we’re moving on now. That’s… that’s
have anything else to really bother with, before.”
Steve just hummed, dropping his mouth down Tony’s chin, over the skin of his throat. “Forgive you,” he slurred, before burying his nose into Tony’s skin and taking a sharp breath in, and
“Wasn’t your fault, you know.” And clearly Tony could see the guilt on his face, because he stepped further into the room until he was at the same couch where Steve was curled, and then perched himself delicately on the armrest. “He’s a God. He messed with all of us, created Diversions. We’ll get him. Next time he comes, we’ll get him.”
Steve giggled a little hysterically. He could still taste Tony in his mouth; the lingering tang of cigarette smoke and just a hint of coffee settled on his lip, where Tony’s mouth had met his. “I think I’m high,” he declared, accepting the pat on the back Bruce gave him as he said his goodbyes and began making his own way out of the room.
He sighed and looked up at the ceiling. Something to distract himself with, that’s what he needed. He’d done pretty much all of the chores in the house and didn’t have any homework, so after a few seconds of debate he decided to take out his sketchbook and draw once more. The soothing motions of a pencil going back and forth was grounding, and he let his mind wander absently whilst faces were traced out onto the paper. He needed to call Bucky and Peggy and tell them what had happened. At times like this, there was always time for friends and possibly ice cream.
Steve paused, turning back around. “Want help with what?”
She tugged at her hair and folded her arms, looking at Tony with the same face that Tony had pulled so many times on Steve that it made him have to stifle his laughter. He doubted Tony would even last three seconds before caving.
. And yeah, okay, maybe throwing his breakfast away had been a little stupid of him, and that food could easily have gone somewhere else, but-
Tony watched him fiddle around for a second or two before catching Tony’s fingers in his own. The look of triumph on Steve’s face was truly unnecessary, but Tony laughed anyway, the sound turning soft when Steve’s mouth touched against his knuckles.
little?”
“Don’t be paranoid,” Clint said nonchalantly, and yeah, Tony was definitely skinning him, “just get over here and see for yourself! They were totally words, by the way, before you try and rebuke me.”
Steve wasn’t sure why he was quite so obsessed with Tony’s eyes, but it was fast becoming a problem. It was just… the colour of them. So perfect and enrapturing. Everything about Tony was just flawless, though. Eyes, face, hair, body- all of it. Steve wanted to paint him; draw the way his hair fell into his eyes and how his cheek dimpled when he smiled. He could sit there and just look at Tony forever and through each moment, he’d find something else to fixate on. Because Tony was perfect.
Steve rolled his eyes. Now that he’d managed to relax a little again, the lethargy was returning to him once more. The mission that day had been exhausting, and usually Steve slept for hours after them in order to pull his energy reserves back up to normal. The damn nightmare had messed with his routine though, and now the tiredness was hitting him in waves once more.
Tony pouted, but only for a moment, before he too got caught up in the film and turned to watch just as avidly as Pepper (He might have been a dick, but Clooney was still eye candy, alright?)
In the rafters, Thor raised his thumb. “On your word!”
“December 7th, 2015,” she began, “after a successful two months in which no problems have arisen post-partum for the subject, initial testing for Superhumanism will begin. We’ll start with noises at different pitches, and see whether it elicits any sort of response from it.” She walked further in, peering down at the cot as she placed earphones over her own head.
“Yes, Mr. Rogers. It’s JARVIS.”
For years, they’d been telling the ancient laws what they thought of that particular rule. For years, they’d been happy.
Steve called a few times, but Tony declined, knowing he wasn’t steady enough to talk to Steve and then survive the rest of the working day. Steve had a tendency to get Tony to bare his soul without even meaning to, and he didn’t have time to do that just then. Instead, he drank a cup of coffee and did not wish he could take it Irish, and then locked himself in his office to fill out the remaining paperwork, making JARVIS give him heartrate updates every five minutes. His head hurt, he felt sick, and his hands were stiff. Cold.
Steve shrugged. “Understandable.”
“Movie night,” Steve muttered, “switched their phones off. I was gonna get pizza. Got lost. Now I’m near fucking Turner Street and I don’t know where Turner street
He moved his other hand, curling at around the side of Steve’s face and leaning in until they were almost nose to nose. “I love you. What happened in 2016 is something we’ve already worked through. You don’t need to bring that back. This is here and now, with a different set of circumstances that were totally out of your control. I’m never going to hold that against you.”
Crass jokes aside, Peggy had always known him. And so when he’d set his eyes on Tony, the woman had just rolled her eyes and told him ‘typical’.
,” Steve whispered when his brain finally rebooted, mouth turning up and splitting into a huge smile. He moved his hands from around Tony’s waist and cupped his face, leaning down and kissing him. “That’s so so wonderful, oh God, I’m so happy for you!”
The receptionist was looking at them in mild fear as they approached, but valiantly did his job when they arrived at the desk. “You aren’t—Agent, you’re not authorised to take him—”
“Ant-Man’s alive,” she said, ever-blunt and to the point, and Steve stilled, his eyes widening at the statement, “he’s alive, and he says time-travel is real, and we need you and Tony at the compound right now.”
Sometimes it was the little things that meant the most.
as he hightailed it through the tower in desperate attempt to avoid Clint’s outraged cries and projectiles while Steve just shook his head in the background and Natasha cheered them on.
In a sad kind of way, Steve got it. He knew he wasn’t much, not just to look at, but in terms of background and influence and basically everything that Tony lived and breathed. It made a weird sort of sense, that Tony was… well, maybe not ashamed of him, but wary to show him off to the world.
The words struck a chord in Steve, and he nodded softly, glancing back down to his mother’s grave. “We don’t control the fate of other people, Thor,” he said earnestly, “only our own, I guess. No matter how much we might try.”
, that couldn’t be true. He wouldn’t. “I don’t understand,” he said to her, face blank and slack, “why did I- what-”
He needed to condemn himself.
“But anyway- whatever reason it was, I told myself I wasn’t going to be the same person I had been before Mom and Jarvis had died. There wasn’t any point: they were the only ones who had given a shit about that kid, so he might as well have just died right alongside them. And then… everything just got steadily worse, I suppose. Ty got back in touch with me- we’d been friends as kids- and he was nice enough, seemed to like me, and… yeah. He got me into that scene, and I thought it was fun. Nice not to feel things beyond the surface, you know? I’d been sick of feeling things. Sick of being told what a disgrace I was by my father. God, I was just sick of my own head, and how it never shut up, not for a
“The laws of thermodynamics are fundamentally unchangeable, idiot, if we didn’t believe or follow any solid rules then we would never be able to move forward-“
The shouting was getting steadily louder as Bucky joined in, and Steve groaned in despair, turning on his heel and quickly retracing his steps. Jesus- it was gonna be real fuckin’ inconvenient if Tony and Bucky ended up hating eachother. Steve was not willing to deal with that shit, at all. He’d sit them down and force them to talk to eachother if he had to.
“Tony, hey, wait,” Steve said, but Tony was already turning and heading for their room, Peter still tapping absently against the reactor casing. He was a warm little mound against Tony’s chest, and it was nice. He could admit that. Babies were totally annoying and dumb and useless, true, but there were some benefits. Like a ready-made excuse to run from awkward situations. That was a definite plus.
“You know, I would not ever say this unless I was incredibly monumentally drunk,” Clint declared as he watched the two of them from his position on the floor, “but man, I wish I had a relationship as sickening and disgusting as yours.”
“I feel like it kinda was,” Steve bit his lip and tried to get Tony to actually look at him. He knew Tony was upset, and hated the fact that he was some of the reason why, especially after everything Tony had gone out and done for him. He felt like a tool. “And look- sorry for snapping, earlier. I know I was asking a lot of you. It wasn’t fair for me to assume my friends were able to just walk in-“
He let his mind wander freely as his bus got closer and closer to home, thinking over all the events of the day. His clothes were still wet and he was still horribly cold, but something seemed to have settle inside him a little all the same. Maybe seeing his mom had been a good idea after all.
They all murmured their agreements, looking at Peter as he continued to prod Thor, oblivious to the decisions being made around him. Tony watched with a tight mouth and a deep frown- he knew that Peter didn’t belong to them, but… it felt wrong to just dump him somewhere again. He’d already had that happen to him once in the last 24 hours. But what choice did they have? It was for the best, he supposed.
“What’s the percentage?”
He talked amicably amongst his friends for twenty minutes or so, before excusing himself to head back to art class where he’d left his folder. His project still wasn’t done yet, and the assignment had to be handed in by the end of the week, so he was going to be having to cut a few lunches short just to find the time to complete the damned thing.
“Still a weird arty museum place, I wasn’t wrong,” Tony tilted his head back until it hit the kitchen cupboards and then made a wonderful noise at the back of his throat as Steve bit down lightly his earlobe, “but- but yeah, that place, I was… there was a- a thing, which I can’t… Oh God-”
With one last laugh, Steve did- grimacing a little at the stiffness of the buckle. They turned out into the road, thus beginning one of the worst drives of Steve’s life. In all fairness- it was more the car’s fault than Bucky’s. He wondered if the manufacturers had heard of suspension at all or whether they’d just decided to throw some scraps together and hope for the best. Either way, it wasn’t exactly an enjoyable ride.
and then you’ll both find stupid new people and have stupid new lives and leave me behind and we won’t be a family any more and I don’t want that so just
God fucking dammit.
“If you call it that
Fury felt something inside him go stiff, a tension building in his shoulders. He had little reason to react like that, but there was something in the simplicity of the words that shook him. Rogers offered no other explanation. No excuse. Just the video attachment.
—he can’t even eat on his own, Clint,” Steve shook his head and leaned down, spearing a potato into his fork. “Maybe wait until the kid can say a full sentence before signing him up for MENSA.”
And then he kissed him.
Tony’s face soured a little, and he shrugged. “He’s an asshole,” he admitted, eyes rolling upward with a sigh, “but he’s also pretty messed up. I don’t know- their parents are kinda distant; always away in Norway for their company, and Loki… I think he needed them. Thor does everything he can, ‘cause he’s incapable of knowing when to let things go, even when they hurt him- but it’s difficult. Kinda got dragged into it all along the way, and now he’s stuck there.”
. The team had to spend a good ten minutes cleaning everything out while Tony just waited miserably in the corridor, thinking over everything he was going to have to stop doing for a while. He couldn’t tinker on the armour, he didn’t even know how it worked any more. He couldn’t respond to calls or visit hospitals in the suit, not until he actually worked out how to pilot it again. Couldn’t train with Thor or go over routines with Steve.
There was short silence, before Sam pointed an accusing finger in Darcy’s direction. “She started it.”
“What about Alice, down in HR? I heard she’s single, and she really seems-”
Tony breathed out, palming a damp hand over his heart. “Jesus fucking Christ, Steve, make a noise when you’re walking up behind a guy,” he said, before the words Steve had just said processed in his head and he looked up sharply. “What do you mean by that?”
“I’m an idiot,” Steve declared, looking forward. His head was fucking throbbing.
Dad rolled his eyes and lifted a foot to push Peter down on to the bed with a thunk. “Shut it, squirt, we’re having a moment.”
For now, Tony was in front of him. He was still alive, despite everything- the snap hadn’t gotten him, and clearly neither had Thanos himself. That had to be enough, for now.
He’d left the room and thought about the stupid fucking cocktail for the rest of the day; the ghost of its tang coating his tongue.
“I should have been here,” Tony interrupted as if he hadn’t even heard Steve at all, lips pursing into a thin line as he looked back to Steve with his guilty eyes and then brushed lightly across Steve’s cheek with his knuckles, “do you want to try sleeping again? Or do you want to go do something else?”
“Steve,” he said shortly. “Steve Rogers.”
Pops laughed again, and some of the tension appeared to have drained magically from his shoulders as soon as Dad had made contact with him. “You heard that, huh?”
“Misunderstood?” Sam raised a hand to his heart and fluttered his eyelashes dramatically. Steve kicked his leg under the table, and he coughed a bit, before looking over to his mom placatingly. “Don’t worry, Mom, he’s not so tough really. Or at least, he’s got a hell of a soft spot for Steve.”
“Better. Shoulder’s still having a bad day, but aside from that,” Tony trailed off, and Steve felt him shrug again, “I mean, hey- at least there’s one silver lining to this clusterfuck of a day.”
He spun on his heel, looking at Tony through narrowed eyes as he threw his hands in the air. “Jesus, Tony, I don’t need to have spoken to him to hate him- do you even remember what you told me on Saturday? I think that’s reason enough! And, you know, the fucking… degrading way he speaks about you doesn’t fucking help his case either, Jesus, you should have just let me fucking swing at him.”
Clint huffed and clapped him on the back. “The med-team should be here in half a minute. Just sit tight- Widow’ll be here imminently too, and we can see whether we can work out how to turn off the defences of this bad boy.” He shot Steve a wry look. “Told you we should have brought Tony.”
Tony blinked, hands wrapping around Steve’s neck instinctively, feeling more than a little blissed out when all Steve’s warmth and softness and smell that he usually leeched off his clothes was suddenly pressed up directly against him.
He hid a grin in his hand and then offered a chip up to Steve’s mouth, letting the man take it between his teeth and smile warmly at him in thanks. “I love you,” he declared, the words slipping easily from his mouth. Steve glanced at him, and then a second later his eyes narrowed.
He leaned back again, looking up at Steve reverently before pulling up for a soft kiss. It was short and gentle, but it was everything Tony knew he wanted. It was a grounding force. And tonight, he would probably wake up gasping for breath, clutching desperately at his heart and begging people who were long-dead to
Steve looked down again. On the paper, a half-formed smile that belonged to his childhood best friend stared back at him, the words from earlier still running around in his head. They’d never found a body, apparently. Despite the fact that the trainline was still in operation and he couldn’t have fallen far from it, they’d never found….
He knew the scene probably looked far too domestic to be platonic, and if anyone walked in on them right now, Tony would be dead. Not that anyone
“Tony-“ Steve began, but the other man had already settling his fingers into Steve’s hair, and dammit, it felt so good. Steve hummed happily and shut his eyes, head resting back against the couch cushions. He supposed he could accept defeat this once. Although Tony would undoubtedly moan about his sore neck in the morning, as he always did.
Mrs Wilson sighed and tightened her hands around the steering wheel of the car. “Steve, that’s not the point,” she explained, “the point is that your social worker is monitoring your progress, your school-work,
“Not up for debate,” Tony snapped, “pull them up.”
Steve’s heart was in his throat and he could feel himself shaking, a hotness around his eyelashes that always seemed so close to the surface these days, but he held onto Tony’s hand and didn’t let go, anchored himself to what was here, now, right in front of him.
Tony barked out a surprised laugh, pointing a raised eyebrow Steve’s way. “That doesn’t sound scientifically accurate,” he said.
Strange place to go, really. Bath, shower, sink, toilet- hell, Tony had even installed a little foot bath thingy for when he went into the workshop barefoot and ended up with grease and dust and dirt all over his feet. But basically, what Tony was trying to get at, was that the place was full of water. Absolutely full of it. And that was the very same motif that was causing this rather spectacular panic attack, actually, so if he’d have had any sense when he’d been trying to make his tactical retreat, he really would have gone somewhere else. Anywhere else.
It felt like someone was saying, ‘Oh. There you are’.
Of course, it was at that moment that he spotted Zeke again- getting something out of his locker and texting with his free hand. Steve felt his temper rise just looking at him; hating him for what he’d done to Tony, hating him because he was an asshole and a bully and if there was one thing Steve couldn’t stand, it was bullies.
“I’d be alive in the right timeline,” Steve said quietly.
Bruce closed his eyes, shaking his head. “It was Ty, wasn’t it,” he said, “that little bastard finally followed through with his threat. He’d always said he would, one day. It’s how he kept Tony under his thumb.”
There was a small pause. “Yes,” she answered simply, “why do you ask?”
He also could well have been working on Iron Man upgrades when he’d come out to meet Steve. That was an important thing to remember. Tony Stark was a terrorist. Steve was here to extract information.
But, it seemed that they were being given a chance to practise, right here, right now. Peter was in danger- Peter was being chased down by one of the most notoriously evil scientific terrorism corporations in the world, and the only thing that was standing between him and them were the Avengers. Dysfunctional or not, they were still all that this baby had.
That was why, as soon as he got back home, he went straight into the workshop and put it into blackout mode. It’d been a week of seeing the way they looked at him- now he just wanted some privacy. Time to refocus. It hadn’t been as big of a deal as Tony had previously thought- instead, it was just like any other stupid battle they had to deal with as Avengers. And so that meant Tony would be able to bounce back from this soon enough.
“Alright Sam,” Steve pushed his forehead back, sending him rolling across the floor, “time’s up. My turn now.”
“Those friends- I didn’t say what you were, not because I’m ashamed of you, but because they operate in the same circles that Howard does.” Tony’s face hardened. “And the less he knows about you, the better. I can’t… I can’t risk that, Steve, you have to understand-“
They looked at each other silently for a few seconds; Steve barely even managing to find it in himself to be embarrassed. There was just something about Tony that made him want to stare and stare and stare. He hadn’t touched his sketchbook since- well, about six months- but whenever he watched Tony move, or saw him smile, or just stared at him like he was now… it all came back. Like a wave. He just wanted to sit Tony down and draw every part of him; the bow of his lips and the curve of his smile and the angles of his beautiful hands-
Tony stops, and the silence lasts for a while after that. He’s happy that way; just listening to Steve’s heartbeat against his ear or the slow sounds of his breathing.
He spared a glance back to Reed, still slumped against the table. He would feel no guilt—this would not ever have happened. Clint, Nat, Thor, Bruce, Sam… none of them would mourn for him, because he would still be alive. Just not
“Steve, even I think you’re a little more likeable than that, and I’ve known you for years,” Peggy told him gently, wiping the streaked mascara off her bottom lashes and using the other hand to pat his cheek.
It was wrong. He knew it was wrong. It was… also Steve’s civic duty to break that up, really. He didn’t want anyone tripping over her stupid legs or something.
On the other end, Rhodey just sighed. “Oh shit. What’d he do?”
'How are you so perfect?'
him for forcing him to worry when he should just be allowed to be furious.
Steve had been doing what he had.
Steve turned at the exclamation, and his face softened. “We’re having Christmas dinner,” he said simply, like this was all normal and people usually barged into medical wings carrying surplus amounts of food and an
“I don’t think the murderer knows the fifteen-digit encrypted password on the door though,” Tony told him evenly, and Steve’s eyebrows rose as he looked at the futuristic keypad in front of him and wandered closer to the door. Before he could even ask, though, Tony was reeling it off for him- a string of numbers and letter that Steve could barely keep up with. He got it, though, and the door released, letting him push it open and step quickly down the thin staircase.
Tony’s piercing gaze fell upon him. “I’ll be honest with you Brock, I’ve got a bit of a headache coming on.”
Steve tried to remember what words were, and how exactly he was supposed to be using them. “Mmm,” was the diplomatic answer he came up with in the end, “I… food.”
Yeah, yeah, he was definitely blushing again. Dammit.
Steve’s chin tilted as he gave his friend a pout. “Fine,” he said, taking Tony’s hand, “we’ll go back to my place then. I feel like we’ve crashed your Netflix binge enough for the day. We’ll leave you to it, huh?”
Tony never deserved to feel the way he was. But Steve? God, Steve deserved every moment.
Again, this was written in more of a text format, so it's a little weird at the start where i had to edit it.
He hadn’t even thought about it before, but the suit really had been his safety net this whole time. The thing that kept all his friends placated, kept them civil. They probably
to work, actually- except I’m being unfairly distracted by truanting menaces who won’t leave me alone.” He raised his eyebrows and then grabbed his pencil, waving it convincingly in Tony’s face.
He resisted the urge to breathe out in relief, instead just pursing his mouth and thanking his lucky stars that the words were still there. That Steve still felt that way about him, even when Tony had let him down.
Tony stopped in the middle of the path, looking at Steve with his eyebrows raised. Steve paused too, chin raised stubbornly. Because fuck backing down, he was right and he knew it. He was never going to just stand there and let people talk about Tony like that. Treat him like that.
“Don’t tell anyone,” Steve whispered, eyes haunted. “You can’t. They’ll take me off the team if they know how bad it gets, they’ll think I’m crazy. It usually wears off after a few weeks, I just need to wait it out, don’t tell anyone-”
Oh. That was his name.
Which would be fixed. Obviously. Bruce had said it would go back to normal with time; that they hadn’t kept up the reconditioning long enough for it to be permanent, and so Tony just had to wait. It would get better, so Tony had nothing to worry about.
Tony paused, watching the ceramic shatter across the floor, spilling cereal across the white tiles. Steve was looking at it too, his face blank.
to spend so long kissing him that the onions started to burn in the pan, after all.
Steve shoved him back, cheeks burning with embarrassment as he looked at the floor. “Buddy, you don’t know the meaning of a bad heart, you shush, I was just… trying to communicate. That’s what people in healthy relationships do, right? So yeah!”
yet, and someone was already trying to hunt him down.
Steve stood rapidly, hands clutching at his hair. Everything that had happened, had happened because of him. Because of Steve. He’d been so damn full of himself when he’d spoken to Ty that day; so fucking uncaring of the consequences his actions would have for Tony. And this is what had happened because of it.
went unsaid, but Steve could see it in the way Tony was looking at him.
Steve gave him the phone for emergencies, and sometimes Tony texted him addresses and Steve would go and they’d end up having sex, and then Tony would leave without a word and Steve knew that he wouldn’t get away with asking for anything more. He’d only tried once, taking Tony’s wrist as he was getting up to slip on his Tshirt and whispering the smallest plea for him to
“Baby, no offence, but when the fuck am I quiet in anything ever?”
“So we were like- what do you do for a guy who has everything?” Clint cut in theatrically, before whipping an envelope out of his pocket and grinning. “Why, you do him favours, of course.”
“Sounds good to me.”
Tony nudged his shoulder and when Steve turned, he pointed quietly to Clint, who had fallen asleep splayed out on the floor. Natasha had her feet rested on his butt, and she was leaned back against Bucky’s chest as they both kissed intently, apparently having given up on Steve’s rules half an hour ago. Thor and Jane were doing much the same in the corner of the room, and Sam appeared to have overdosed on both popcorn and mead, because he had curled himself into Bruce’s blanket fort and was currently snoring lightly against Bruce’s leg.
With a battle cry that sounded like a hurricane blowing through, they charged at Thanos and his army, human and alien and everything in between, hurtling through the rubble and dust and ruins of the compound and heading to war with the beings intent on destroying their universe. He heard Thor’s roar and resounding thunder clap, and then the charging up of repulsors as Tony flew up ahead. Steve smiled, wild and triumphant, and let the jagged edge of his shield slice through the first thing that stood in his way.
Tony’s eyes flicked across Steve’s face, observing for a moment. Then he seemed to relax a little, because he stopped sitting so straight and licked Steve’s palm quickly, causing him to yelp and pull back, making a very unimpressed face. “And you think
Tony hovered at the threshold, however, his face falling once more. “Is- uh- I take it Bucky isn’t too happy with me,” he said, eyes flitting nervously around the space, “which, you know- this one is valid, I’m not gonna… but I probably shouldn’t-“
Steve shrugged, leading them both inside and grabbing his keys. “Few hours, maybe,” he said, “it’s fine.”
The evening was gorgeous- late summer sun just beginning to sink into the huge buildings that surrounded them, and it bathed everything in a beautifully deep orange glow. Tony suited evening light- the warmth made his skin glow. Like an angel’s.
Tony looked down at his Iron Man boxers, then nodded. “I like that plan,” he agreed, before bounding off in the direction of their bedroom, “back in a minute!”
“Steve, Steve, slow down.” Tony sounded concerned now, even through the speaker, “what’s the emergency?”
Tony jumped at the outburst and then blinked quickly, before swallowing and looking down at the helmet which was now in his hands. “I- uh- yeah. Sure? I mean- uhh, when… when is it? Your birthday, I mean. And- and your party, I guess-“
“Come on, Steve Rogers,” he said warmly in the end, tugging at Steve’s hand and pulling him forward, “I think, just out of principle, that we shouldn’t spend another second in school grounds. It’s a natural depressant. I think we can do that enough on our own as it is, yeah?”
“Ha ha,” Steve jumped down quickly, thankful that he had actually managed to stay on his feet that time, “I’ll have you know that I have excellent balance, actually.”
“I love you,” Steve said, surprised at how easy it fell from his mouth, now there was no future for either of them. No chance of making things worse, or losing a best friend. “I’ve loved you for years. Never stopped. Not through the civil war, not through anything. I loved you so much some days it consumed my entire fucking
“What? No. No, Tony, just take me h-“
No. Tony did not.
Steve laughed nervously as Tony continued.
?” Steve caught the tail end of Tony yelling angrily, hand fisting at his side as he made to move forward but was stopped once more by Thor.
A short pause. And then “I could have it arranged. I know people.”
“No,” he said softly, “it doesn’t.”
to know where he must have been sleeping since the week began.
Tony just sighed.
Tony paused, thinking it over. “Drive round the block a few times?” At Steve’s responding laugh, he too found himself chuckling, raising his hands in question. “What? I don’t want Clint to believe for a single second that we cut our date short because he believed Peter’s incomprehensible babbling to be—”
Exposure hadn’t worked. Now, Tony’s next option was muscle memory.
Sometimes Steve forgot most people didn’t know about Tony’s genius tendencies- and that Tony didn’t want the information shared, either.
Of course though, he couldn’t avoid his friends for long. At break, he came to sit down at their table and just sighed, meeting all their eyes with a pursed smile. “So,” he began, “Tony’s alright—”
, do you really think I’d…” He broke off, looking more than a little heartbroken, and Steve suddenly realised how bad that must have sounded to Tony, who was always so worried about Steve thinking the worst of him. If, somewhere along the line, Steve
Over the comm, he heard her sigh. “You know, I’m sure it used to be
Steve shrugged off his coat, damp from the heavy rain outside, and then rounded to face the couch. His breath caught in his throat, and any response he’d been about to attempt shrivelled and died. Suddenly, every bone and muscle and nerve was locked in place. All the cool he’d managed to hold onto on the journey here evaporated, and he sunk to his knees in front of Tony’s face, feeling tears spring up behind his eyes. “Oh,” he said numbly.
His therapist tried, he knew she did. But despite all the talks on positive thinking and calming techniques, they still may as well have been spoken to a brick wall when he was in the middle of one of his mood swings. She told him it was because of the parent-teacher meetings that he’d mentioned were coming up. Said that sometimes situations occurred that reminded him it was real, and it was going to hurt. It didn’t help, though- the reason was just a reason. At the end of the day, it didn’t stop him feeling like he was being crushed from the inside out. His heart felt fifty pounds heavier every time he breathed- his mind felt tired. So, so tired.
If only he were out of mind, too.
But that hadn’t happened. Instead, Tony had been there when Howard had gotten back, the news about his son still fresh on his mind.
Steve stared down at the file beneath him, mouth open and eyes blank. As soon as he’d gotten into the building, someone had been waiting to escort him over to the top floor where Fury’s office was, and no one had said a word to him, not even once the door had locked behind him and he’d come face to face with the Director himself. There had been no greeting, no words traded as Steve had walked over to the desk—it had just been a short nod, a clench of the jaw, and then a file slapped down on the desk. The file which Steve was now looking at in bewilderment.
“Oh God, seriously, I can’t even stand out here for another second, come on, come on, let’s get back inside,” and suddenly there was a hand on his arm, tugging him upward off the bench with a surprising amount of strength.
Steve let his head drop back on to Tony’s shoulder, and he cried.
“You know,” he shrugged, “just… I get that I’m not exactly great parental material or whatever, I understand that, and like, we’re not exactly a conventional couple, are we? I’ve got issues on top of my fucking issues and it just… wouldn’t work. I know this makes you uncomfortable because you think I’m gonna start asking about babies and stuff, but I promise, I get it. So. Yeah. No need to discuss it.”
“His vitals aren’t showing up on my phone. They—the only way they wouldn’t show up was if the suit was removed from him, and he never—he doesn’t ever take it off when he’s on a mission, unless it’s over, and in that case he would have sent me a message—”
He needed to do more digging. Stay longer. Talk some more. For the mission.
Steve burst out laughing and wrapped his arms around Tony’s lower back, leaning up to kiss his nose. “I would last two minutes and then break everything you own out of boredom, sweetheart, you know me.”
that, you can’t see me.”
So he dove back into his work with renowned vigour, letting the math and the science and the engineering take over once more; a welcome change to the mess within his head. He disassembled the prototype StarkPhone that was currently in the works and then reassembled it better, faster, and definitely prettier than before. Not that the latter had been difficult. He was going to be having words with the design team about aesthetics later.
How long had he been out? It had felt like seconds. And yet, apparently not.
Clint paused, and he shot them both an utterly unamused look before muttering
Steve just sighed and leaned back. The truth was, neither of their hearts were in it anymore. Tony still had the searches going on in the background, every day looking for new information, but nothing had come up, not in the months and months and months since they’d started this. Steve had found new reasons to come down to Tony’s workshop, become distracted with other things, healthier things. They hardly even looked at the damn thing anymore.
Steve folded his arms, trying to make himself look a little taller. Tony seemed to spot it, and for the first time ever, Steve watched an actual smile spread across his lips before being pulled back and smoothed down. “I’ll go- I got here first,” Steve said gruffly, beginning to stand.
“Steve, please- I’m okay, Tony’s okay, Thor’s got him. You gotta get back in the room- Tony’s fine. He’s okay. He’ll be back in less than a minute.”
He saw Natasha look to Bruce. Felt Rhodey as he positioned Tony’s head so that it was laying in his lap. His best friend stroked the sweaty hair from out of his face and smiled down at him, but when he turned his gaze to Bruce, the expression fell. They said something to one another that Tony didn’t catch, but then Natasha’s gentle hand on his cheek drew his attention back to her. He figured that was so he didn’t watch Bruce go to collect the flat blade that they had searing over the stove.
“Steve,” he breathed, feeling the other man next to him when they settled on the floor, “we have to… call Thor. Comm… he’ll be—”
“Tell me… just… you know what, fucking forget it, I don’t care-” Steve waved it off, shaking his head and clenching his jaw as he turned his back again and leaned over the tabletop.
Tony whirled around to look at Steve. “Uh, since when was I- Steve, I don’t need to stay over with you, it’s f-“
And God, Tony wanted Peter to be part of that reality. That was the worst part. He couldn’t see this amorphous ‘Steve & Tony Start A Family’ bullshit without Peter being there too. It was all so tragically pathetic of him. And now his plan to back out and try to cut ties had fallen through thanks to Steve’s irritatingly sound logic, and so Tony couldn’t even take measures to prevent the inevitable fallout. He was just going to have to watch the deadline come steadily closer and resign himself to his fate.
“Right! When do we get to do presents?” Clint asked the room, clapping his hands and then slow-motion punching Tony in the face, because he was a five-year-old.
It hurt. Tony tried to sleep through it, but the pain persisted deep under his chest and kept him awake, stewing, thinking and thinking and thinking.
do something, that he
“Hey, hey,” Steve soothed, his arms so very gentle around Tony’s waist, “calm down, love- they can’t hurt you any more. I swear.”
“I think that Barton is a little too drunk to sit up right now,” Bruce declared, popping up out of nowhere. Tony jumped and turned, spotting the man as he sprawled over the coffee table, playing with Thor’s fingers whilst the God merely sat still and hummed a happy tune.
“Mr. Rogers?” Came a quiet voice from beside him, and Steve promptly did a massive and violent spasm on the desk, scattering a bunch of papers as he shifted.
Twenty minutes later and dinner was served for real this time, Tony grumbling to himself as he leaned into Steve’s side on the couch and  bounced Maria up and down on his lap, all of them watching another round of My Little Pony, which Maria seemed to have taken a shine to for whatever reason. Steve had tried to introduce to her the cartoons he’d seen when he was a kid, once, but she’d regarded them with such a look of disdain that Tony had burst out into hysterical laughter and Steve had admitted that it was probably a tad dated for her, being the daughter of one of the most technologically advanced minds on the planet and all.
He had it all right here.
Magically, it seemed she understood that, because her smile grew and she noted something else down. “Wow Steve, this is really good stuff. I take it this definitely all positives, right?”
“I don’t—I—okay,” Steve spluttered, carefully shifting Peter around in his arms so he was held somewhat awkwardly between Steve’s hands. “Like this?”
, and then suddenly everyone else backs down and leaves me and Steve to do everything, to have him every night, and you’ve seen how goddamn difficult he can be, but for some reason we’re doing it all the time, which—which is totally unfair because as you can tell, he’s a fucking nightmare, and it’s dumb anyway, because he can’t… he
Tony’s head jerked. “What? Are you serious?”
Tony huffed, making absolutely no move to go and do so, instead pushing forward and licking into Steve’s mouth hungrily as his hands slid down Steve’s glistening abs and then tugged at the towel around his waist.
Steve ground his teeth together and watched Brock’s head turn to the mirror, staring daggers at where Steve was stood by the audio stand. Steve, however, was not perturbed “Rumlow, your presence is required elsewhere. Fury’s asking for a brief. I’ll talk to Mr. Stark.”
be, anyone else who I would chose to spend the rest of my life with. Ever. I love him more today than I did yesterday, and tomorrow I will love him more than I did today, because he’s an idiot and he’s difficult and he’s an asshole and I am completely, utterly devoted to him.”
“Sweetheart?” He blinked and looked up from his tablet, turning to face Steve, who was smiling somewhat exasperatedly at him. “D’you get any of that, or were you off in your own world?”
Steve pulled on his faded Henley and then slipped on some sweatpants before turning back to Tony, crouching onto his haunches so he was close and then knocking their foreheads together. Tony resisted the urge to purr—it’d only make Steve laugh, the asshole. “Let’s go to bed,” Steve said, giving him an absent kiss between words. Tony hummed, the warmth emanating from Steve’s body sending him even deeper into a sleepy state of relaxation. He wrapped his hands around the man’s broad shoulders and pushed into it, trying to absorb more of the body heat through the layers of his Givenchy suit. With a small laugh, Steve’s hands returned the embrace and before Tony knew it, he was being lifted up into the air by strong arms that held him steady. He blinked. “Hey, asshole, I can walk.”
“You really like the clothes, huh,” Tony whispered in amazement, in between kisses.
Steve chuckled, opening the texts on his own phone which mainly read along the lines of
Except this once, apparently. This once, he’d just looked at Steve, heartbroken and empty and totally,
“Uh,” Steve pushed away jerkily, and he stumbled to the side before the chest grew arms and caught him. Realising now that this was probably not just a hovering chest, he looked at a relative giant of a boy, long hair tied into a bun and smile bright enough to match the LED lights lining the room.
“It’s just harmless fun,” he repeated in the end, voice weak, “thought that you would all—”
of their Avengers Tower. This spot was almost impossible to get to without prior knowledge of its existence- Tony was confident that they weren’t about to be caught any time soon.
When he got bored with the prowling, Rumlow sat in the seat opposite Tony and leaned back, setting his feet casually on the desk. Tony’s eyes flicked to the shoes, and his lip curled ever so slightly in distaste. Rumlow didn’t seem to notice. “How’s things, Tony?” He asked cheerily, cocking his head as he looked toward the other man.
“Mah!” Peter bounced up and down on his butt impatiently, and with a roll of his eyes, Tony gently picked him up and slotted him against his hip, watching as Peter began to wave his crayon around again.
And maybe it was the fact that it had been Steve, of all people, that had just made Tony break all the more severely.
Steve nodded, falling into step with Tony and remaining silent through the walk down. His gaze was sharp, lost deep in thought, and Tony knew he was doing the same. Peter’s little trick had just changed everything, although the baby was completely oblivious to it. They couldn’t just hand him over to any normal old social services now, could they? It was… different, when a kid had powers like that. Tony hadn’t been lying about the horror stories- some parents brought them home just so they could try and train it out of them, or put them up for illegal fighting rings, or do God knows what. Of course, that was if he even ended up getting adopted at all. Sure, babies were the most popular choice amongst adoptive parents, but a baby that was enhanced? Those very rarely even got considered. People didn’t want to deal with the hassle.
Bucky eyed him for an extra moment. “Because I know we’re technically on good terms now, but I’ll still go over there and punch him if you w-“
“Tony—”
They’d tried. Him and Tony, they’d tried for her. But Steve had broken his promises,
What the hell? Tony had planned this for months and months, trying to visualise how it would all pan out, but this had definitely not been what he’d expected. In fact, he’d barely even expected Steve to say yes at all.
“I act like I care because, amazingly, I do,” Steve said with a shrug, “but that must be hard for you to understand. All you ever do for people is give them an extremely mediocre fuck and then bounce, acting like you’ve earned some sort of prize for World’s Greatest Sex God. How
you.”
- and then Steve was pretty much the opposite of all that. Tony would have to be absolutely shameless not to feel at least a little bit of embarrassment, walking around with someone like Steve on his arm.
The session finished up at 5, and as soon as Steve was out the door he’d pulled out his phone, checking the new message that’d buzzed during the hour. One was from Clint, asking him to send pictures of the science homework ASAP, and the other two were from Tony, telling Steve to ring him. Although when he did try, it only went through to voicemail, so Steve figured he must have missed his window. Damn therapy, ruining everything with all its stupid feelings-talk.
“You’re a fucking robot,” Steve responded, and he tried to keep his voice level, he truly did, but the low bubble of rage seeped out anyway, “your job is to follow orders.”
- but Tony liked to imagine. It was early, he was allowed the wishful thoughts, okay?
Steve had ruined him.
“No, Thor and Natasha ruined a mannequin mountain before we could do any actual shopping and we all got kicked out,” Peggy told him, fiddling with the dials on his dash, “does this piece of shite not even have any heating?”
Tony frowned again, confused- like he didn’t understand the angle Steve was coming from. Maybe Steve had overstepped. Maybe Tony just wasn’t used to people being that genuine with him.
couldn’t.
Fuck.
But never say Tony couldn’t rise to the challenge. He knew how to work a crowd- even a preteen one, thank you very much.
“Yeah.” Steve sunk lower onto the chair. “There’d be no one else who would do that.”
that had got straight to the point pretty damn fast, Tony had
Steve just burst out laughing. “That’s your hot chocolate, babe.”
“Thank you,” he murmured suddenly, frown springing to his face, “did I say that already? I really hope I did- I mean it. Thank you so much. You’ve been… amazing. Really. I feel kinda terrible; I mean I’ve been asking you to do all this shit for me and then-“
Natasha smiled, patting him on the head and then pulling out yet another candy bar from the inside of her jacket pocket, whilst Steve just stared in incredulity. How many of those goddamn things had she stolen?
Steve choked. He thought of every argument they’d had over the past month, where Steve had been furious enough for Tony to give in, to think that he must have been in the wrong for Steve to be so angry with him. Now, it was just easy for him to come to the same conclusion: this was his fault.
He turned around to them, catching Natasha’s eye. She had a set of butterfly stitches running across her forehead and her left arm was bound in a sling, but she seemed mostly unharmed. Rhodey, too, aside from whatever had happened to his side. Bruce had a black eye, but that was it.
“I love you too. Sorry I gave you a concussion when I brought you in.”
But he’d handle it. He always did.
invite Tony to his birthday next week. It wasn’t exactly going to be a big thing; just gathering all his friends into one house and then watching movies, probably- but he’d like Tony to be there. Meet all his friends- properly, this time, and not whilst they watched him and Bucky snapping at one another. It would be… nice, hopefully.
The three men stood on the other side of the door looked at him in mild surprise as he stepped into the observation room. One of them was sat at a laptop, undoubtedly recording every move Tony made in there, and the other two seemed merely to be part of Rumlow’s squad. Steve nodded to them once, and then turned to the mirror before they had a chance to say anything. After that, everything else in the room became irrelevant anyway. The strange looks of a couple of men were hardly a concern to Steve. Not when his eyes fell upon Tony’s form, hunched over and with a hand shackled to the table. He looked like shit. Bruised eye, split lip, dried blood streaked across his forehead. The arm not bound by the cuffs was hanging limply at his side. And they were just the injuries Steve could see. Clearly they hadn’t bothered to take Tony to medical before this had begun.
Peter had scowled, told Uncle Bruce moodily ‘
“This is perfect,” Steve told him firmly, pulling Tony in until the man was sat on his lap. It stung at his waist a little-- an injury he must have picked up from somewhere recently—but he hardly even noticed, too busy kissing Tony senseless. “I love you. I love you so much.”
His therapist said it was common, all those things. A warped sense of time. Periods of disassociation. Days when his heaviness was almost unbearable and all he wanted to do with himself was curl in a ball and just
Before Thor could respond, however, there was another thud and then accompanying sounds of laughter as more people piled into the room. Tony turned to them, spotting all of his friends as they made their way into the medbay, carrying a variety of things. At the front was Steve, and to Tony’s utter bewilderment, he realised the man was carrying a whole table through the room, hands gripping the legs and holding the brunt of it up against his chest as he made his way slowly across the room. He just grinned when Tony stared. “Watch yourself,” he said, and then before Tony could speak a word, he’d swung the whole table right over Tony’s legs.
“Even that feels too kind,” Steve muttered, voice twisting in disgust, “too merciful, after what they did to him.”
“STEVE! STEVE, STOP!” Someone called, and he felt it as someone yanked roughly on his shoulder, pulling him up against his will, throwing him backward on to the deck again.
“You got it back,” Steve stated, taking a step forward, “you went after it. Is that- is that where the…“ he gestured to the various bruises over Tony’s general vicinity.
Steve stopped. Sighed. Let go of Tony’s arm and turned away. “uh, yeah- no, I can’t. It’s a thing, I don’t know, I just… I’m fine, I’m just gonna… head out to the country for a week or so, because, y’know,” Steve gestured vaguely to himself, “4th of July and all.”
He quietly started up a count of Steve’s heartbeat as he shut his eyes and rested, fingers subconsciously tapping in time to the beat. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight-
Steve sighed, shaking his head. “I didn’t expect them to. Die Hard 2 is nothing compared to the first, anyway. I don’t blame them for finding making out with one another more interesting.”
And then- here had come Tony’s fatal mistake of the day. Later, he’d pin it on lack of caffeine in his system and the early hour at which he was conscious- but really, he was just an idiot who’d forgotten how offended his teammates could (and did) get on his behalf.
That… no. Steve remembered… the scrape of metal, the crack, blood, screaming, no, no, he had, Steve knew it, Tony was dead and it was his fault—
I do Peter,” Pops said, sounding a little pained, “I hate the fact you, or anyone else thinks otherwise. We… we’re not ever going to be perfect, Pete. It’s unfortunately just a part of who we are, and our relationship. We’re gonna fight, and we’re gonna get mad and we’re gonna act like idiots. But at the end of the day, we’ll always come back to one another. He’s… I don’t know, he’s just always gonna be the one I turn to in a crowd full of the world’s most beautiful, powerful, wonderful people and think,
who had caught him. Anyone else, and he probably could have just let it slide.
Tony froze in the doorway, resisting the urge to put a hand up and cover it. That’d be suspicious. Not that- not that there was anything to be suspicious about. “You’d be surprised how dangerous it can be when you mix DUM-E and large wrenches together,” he said in the end, grinning lopsidedly and ignoring the way it made something in his heart break just a fraction. Bruce frowned, and Tony rolled his eyes. “Yes, before you ask, I have iced it. It’ll be fine in a day or so. Anyway, enough about me- what’re you working on?”
Another second, and then— “It appears they are similar, yes, although everything is spiking erratically. Baseline humans would not be able to deal with this level of physical stress without going into cardiac arrest, so if it is not Captain Rogers, then it is most likely one of the enhanced soldiers he was trying to contain.”
Interesting. Tony hadn’t gone with them all, that time.
Turned out Steve was absolutely right in that analysis. “I figured it out,” Tony blurted after a second of silence. “Time travel. I figured out how to… do it. Safely. And well.”
Curling one hand tightly around Steve’s, he internally rejoiced at the fact that, despite everything that the universe had thrown at him, things had actually ended up going the way he’d planned them. Admittedly with some minor differences, but still. He’d gotten his kiss under the mistletoe.
“Tony,” Bucky said with a roll of his eyes, pushing Tony in the shoulder before he could continue, “it won’t last long. You can just stay here and hide if you really want-”
“Right,” Tony said with a  few rapid blinks, “and that’s why he’s currently holding me in a bridal carry and refusing to let go?”
, which meant that he didn’t even have that advantage on his side any more. He could do this really fucking terribly and ruin everything, for all he knew. And yeah, yeah, he got that that was probably a little overdramatic. But still. He’d had a long fucking day.
Steve laughed and sipped innocently on his orange juice. It was only when Sam was passing him that he felt a hand fall on his shoulder, and he looked up curiously.
“It’s not going to be a party,” Steve hurried to correct, “just… a gathering of people.
“You’ve never even met him, Steve.”
“No.” That was Natasha who spoke, walking into his line of vision and then sitting down on the cot beside Bruce. She lifted a hand and settled it in Tony’s hair immediately, then began stroking her fingers delicately from forehead to crown. It felt nice. A wonderful contrast to everything else his body was experiencing. “There’s no signal, and the storm has started up again. Rhodey’s patrolling the cabin in case of another HYDRA attack, which is likely, seeing as they came far more prepared than we did.”
“You’ve had your tongue down my throat, honey, I’m pretty sure you’re not afraid of a bit of spit,” Tony laughed and stood up, kissing him quickly on the cheek before stretching. Steve ducked his head and definitely didn’t think about the last time he’d had his tongue down Tony’s throat. That wouldn’t be a good thing to think about in class. Nope.
He smiled at Tony, and then tentatively extended a hand, settling it nervously over Tony’s own. Beside him, the other man stilled. “Thank you,” he whispered, “for everything, For even letting me in at all. God knows I didn’t deserve it after everything I put you through.”
“Pretty sure, yeah.”
“It’ll all work itself out,” she promised him, hand reaching for his and clutching tight.
He knew she was looking down at him with a fond little smile and a knowing eyebrow-wiggle that had always had Steve rolling his eyes and telling her to cut it out. His mom would’ve been ecstatic about this. Like he said- she’d
“Do you have Rhodey’s number?” Bucky asked in the end, which, okay, wasn’t what Steve had been expecting.
Steve stared at him, mouth moving imperceptibly as he tried to find the bravery to say what he’d been thinking, ever since he’d laid eyes on Tony lying beaten on Thor’s couch at 11 in the evening. “You would never have put yourself in this position if it wasn’t for me,” he said in the end, his voice quiet. It hurt just to say, just to Goddamn
They were still locked onto each other, their gazes fixed until Tony blinked and then cleared his throat, moving away. “You want something to eat?” He asked, stumbling over to the fridge. “Drink? I’d imagine you’ve had a pretty busy day.”
The Avengers came together a few more times, taking down a few more big hostile situations that cropped up, HYDRA facilities and attempted takeovers and the like. They worked incredibly well together, Steve could see that from the get-go. Hell, even when they’d
Tony happily zoned out for a good long time, allowing the film to give him an excuse to let his brain take a breather for a moment. Steve’s body was warm underneath him, and his arms curled gently across Tony’s stomach, grounding him firmly. By his feet, Clint was sat against the couch, and Bruce had taken residence next to Thor on the armchair that was really far too small for two people. Pepper and Natasha took the loveseat as they did every week. All in all, it was pretty domestic- not something Tony could have said he’d have desired a few years back, but now something he would happily have given up the world for.
Tony hissed, “Steve, I can’t keep treating you like shit and then expecting you to stay, it’s not fair, I’m not treating you right, I keep fucking up-“
“Fighting in the corridor?” She asked him, “
Sparing himself a last few seconds simply to listen, Steve eventually opened his mouth and let out the breath he’d been holding, slow and steady so as not to wake Tony. Once he breathed again, it became even more difficult to hear any other faint sounds properly, but it was still just about audible in the quiet of their bedroom, and Steve revelled in the simple sound as sleep began to cloud his mind once more, coming back to him easily, as if he had never truly awoken at all.
“Yeah, basically.”
Susan took him in. He hadn’t washed the blood off his hand from where the sink edges had punctured the skin. He was shaking. He didn’t even want to think about how his face looked.
He was… alive. Unhurt.
Steve swallowed, and Tony turned to him properly, frown marking his forehead for the dozenth time. He sighed. “Steve, seriously- if you’d rather I just call you a cab, that’s f-”
he’d said.
“Let’s go save the universe,” Tony said in the end, nodding his head once, “before Scott accidentally turns himself into a baby.”
“Hey, look, as long as we have at least one genius dude on our team, then our opinion can be backed up by scientific fact and you can all shut the fuck up!” Natasha declared, waving a hand over to Tony, who turned his head and looked to her with a nod of agreement.
Tony said something, but it was white noise to Steve, and he’d marched out of the room before any of it could sink in anyway.
*****
your fault. I’m not saying it has to be permanent. But we have to see if you—to see if we can work this out. Until then, I… I can’t sleep in the same bed as you and know that you’re
And without another word, Tony took hold of the rafter and hauled himself up. After that, he got a foot up to the windowsill just above that- and then he was shuffling onto the lightly slanted roof as if all he’d done was take a gentle stroll.
“Really.”
They could do this. They could destroy Thanos, once and for all, together. Like they always should have been.
“Shut up, we’re spooning now,” was the response he got, which, Steve could admit, was ridiculously endearing. Hearing Tony’s sleepy voice, muffled by Steve’s shoulder, tell him with a sulky tone that they were spooning and he needed to be quiet was far cuter than Steve would ever have thought possible.
It was late. Tony should probably have tried to get some sleep. But his thoughts still raced, despite Steve’s best efforts to fuck him senseless. Usually that would work. But tonight, unfortunately, there was too much on his mind.
Steve pursed his lips, trying to tamp down the need to immediately start denying it. What was the point any more? There really wasn’t another way to have construed that- he’d just acted like a jealous asshole in front of everyone, and there was no way around it. “Well- Good,” he said shortly, before adding “not that- I mean, he can do whatever he wants. Date whoever he… I mean, obviously. I’m not… I was just-“
Guess he didn’t really have a choice any more. It was done. All that strength, all that barely contained rage that he carried with him… he’d succumbed to it. And whether it was because of that God-forsaken alien frequency or not, at the end of the day, his hands had hurt Tony. His mouth had spat poison at him. His mind had almost killed him.
He wondered where it had all gone wrong.
Tony looked back at him, a depth to his eyes that made Steve feel as if he’d said something that Tony probably hadn’t heard in a long time. Steve eased the shock with a few short kisses to his cheeks, and then tried to pull Tony back so he could lie down, but the other boy didn’t move.
Tony huffed, looking at the ceiling. “Mmm,” was his answer, mentally wondering whether it was considered impolite to log this event in one of his science journals. Steve’s body alone was absolutely fascinating. His eyes turned fucking silver, for Christ’s sake- and Tony was pretty sure he was still hard, even though he’d just come. After an experimental shift and responding intake of breath from his boyfriend, Tony was proved correct. “You can go again,” he mumbled, patting Steve’s shoulder reassuringly, “I’ll jus’… dunno, have a nap. Scientifically log every aspect of your anatomy or somethin’.”
Steve pulled a face and then smoothed a hand absently across the surface of a nearby counter. “Well, I think I’ve just put the Tecchie out of a job,” he said quietly, “’cause it looks like it’s right here.”
Yeah. Anyway. Like Tony said. It was a thing.
“Yeah,” Tony nodded from the bed and swallowed, “yeah, I know. But. But come back, okay? Please? Promise you’re gonna come back. He’s not someone you can afford to underestimate, and I can’t—"
“Happy Halloween?” Steve said with a faint blush, folding up his back leg behind him in an impersonation of what Tony assumed to be the infamous playboy pose. He was still dressed the same way he had been when he’d walked out, but on his head this time were a large pair of black bunny ears. “As it just so happens, I passed a fancy dress shop and saw these in the window as I was making my way here. Seemed like fate.”
more familiar than babies were.
Natasha laughed softly up above him, and he felt himself slowly drift off into that hazy place that came just before the pain started to hit properly. He knew he was in a bad way, and that the tones Natasha and Bruce were speaking in didn’t exactly spell good things, but in that moment he couldn’t say he felt particularly endangered. The morphine was still working, and he was surrounded by people that he trusted with his life. He knew they’d been in worse scenarios than this. They’d all be okay.
“No, I don-”
Bucky had survived, the first time around. Steve could survive this. He could get Tony- curl around him, take the impact for him- he was enhanced, he could do it.
“You’re very welcome- it is a pleasure to have you back in the building. Sir’s sleeping patterns have become increasingly irregular since your departure, and from my initial scans, so have yours. It will be nice to bring some balance back into the world.”
Howard screamed, another thump, and then the sound of a thud against tile. Maybe Tony had fallen.
John was staring at him blankly, the pen moving in his hand and writing down perfectly straight lines despite the fact he was no longer looking at the sheet. Michael was still smiling. Tony resisted the urge to call the suit straight to him, just in case. He didn’t want to have to deal with a court case, not right now. These guys were weird, but that didn’t make them dangerous. Just… well, weird. Hardly a reason to repulsor blast them straight out of the building.
The ten dollars had miraculously found its way back into Steve’s pocket when he shoved his hand in there a few hours later.
“Oh,” Darcy waved a fork in Sam’s direction and leaned forward conspiratorially, “you know Heather- she’s in one of your science classes I think- but anyway, I found out yesterday that she’s totally trying to score a date with him. All her friends have been talking about it- ‘parently he’s been staring at her during Chemistry for like, three weeks now, and she’s gonna make a move at Sunset’s birthday party this weekend-“
Tony rolled his eyes, standing up and cracking his back. “Well, luckily you’ve got us to jog your memory. Let’s go eat, Brucie.”
“Actually, it’s my dream in life.” Rhodey smiled tiredly and lifted his arms.
He turned to Steve, mouth opening, trying to think of something to say. But he was distracted by Rhodey, who, after setting down the dishes filled with carrots and brussel-sprouts, bent down and wrapped him in a gentle hug. “Good to see you up and awake,” his best friend said, ruffling Tony’s hair softly, “you had me worried for a second there.”
This couldn’t be happening. They couldn’t have failed him so soon. They’d promised to look after him.
That didn’t make seeing it any easier.
“I need to see him,” Steve told him, his voice slowly becoming more frantic as he pushed back. He was stronger than Bucky, and if he really wanted to, it wouldn’t be a problem to get him out of the way.
“Tony, buddy, you’ve got the wrong end of the stick here-“
He remembered feeling
Sam shrugged, making a gesture with his hand. “I mean, I’m naming these groups very generally, but… yeah. Mostly they’re just popular ‘cause they cause trouble, you know how it is- a lot of ‘em smoke and get expelled a lot and shit, it’s weird, man, I don’t get it-”
and nothing else, so Steve figured Bucky had done okay for himself despite Steve’s absence. He sent an apology text off and hoped Bucky wouldn’t rip his head off for not answering last night when he’d been… occupied. “We’re all going over to Nat’s this afternoon, aren’t we?” He checked in with Sam.
“Just tired,” he said with a smile before Steve could even bother to ask him what was wrong, “sorry, I’ll just… I’ll see you all back home, yeah? Have fun.”
, God, Steve had never ever wanted this, he should have been more clear that he was okay with it, he could have done a hundred other fucking things to prevent this from ever happening.
Tony opens his mouth to argue; what against, he isn’t sure, but Steve leans down and kisses him at that point, which is enough to shut him up.
Steve gasped a little, feeling a sharp stinging behind his eyes as he sucked in a small breath. Already, the nightmare was starting to blur back into nothingness- he could hardly even remember what it was about. All he could remember was Tony screaming; the sound ripping out of his throat violently, agonised, as if seconds away from death.
Clint pointed a finger between the two of them. “Your sickeningly obvious lovey-faces while everyone’s trying to eat. It’s off-putting as hell, man.”
Bruce looked up through watering eyes, taking a moment to compose himself before using his voice. “JARVIS?” He asked softly.
“What would you rather I called him? Because I can think of a hell of a lot more sickly sweet names than that; what about ‘my love’? Or ‘Cute-Ass’? What about shawty, you think Steve will like that-”
selling you off to some corporate bastard who will have no problem with tearing you apart, piece by piece. I’d rather live on the fucking street.”
There was no coming back from something like that.
It was all very… domestic. Like a little snapshot into a universe in which he and Steve could have this, permanently.
“Mm,” Tony said, his gaze unfocused, “Per me va bene, tesoro.”
“I can look after myself, thank you Rogers,” he snapped, “your filtration systems need an update, and if you’re going to be in Montreal without me then I need to-“ he waved a hand absently, pushing past him, “need to make sure none of you die, you know?”
He was marrying Steve.
He broke off, and Peter felt the little rumble of laughter that shook his Pop’s chest as he spoke the next words.
“But if you sent in someone that he had an emotional investment with…” Steve started dully, hands tightening against the chair.
Steve didn’t say anything, but he nodded his head, and that was all the confirmation Peggy needed.
Tony paused. “You’ve gotta be fucking kidding me Rhodey.”
“Steve, just tell me if Tony is with you so we can decide whether we need to order our own drinks or not,” Tiberius said with an irritated sigh, and all at once Steve’s hackles went up and he scowled mutinously.
“Hey, don’t slam on your own kind, Steve, not everyone likes to cradle rob like you do.” Tony batted his eyelashes and waved to himself, and then they were off again, this time bickering about who was technically the cradle robber and who was the cradle robbed. They must have gone through this conversation a hundred times, yet they never got the definitive answer. Personally, Tony didn’t care—he just enjoyed watching Captain America wave his hands around and try to describe the logistics behind him being more fitted to the role of sugar baby in their relationship rather than cradle-robber.
He choked on a sob. He didn’t know what to do. He couldn’t tell them, he couldn’t… but
When Steve said nothing in response, Tony sighed, shutting his eyes and pulling Steve’s hand up further to press warm lips against his knuckles. “I don’t think you’re a killing machine,” he continued, the vibrations in his voice running along the skin of Steve’s hand, “I never have. I think you’re an artist. You create far more than you could ever destroy. You make me actually believe the world might be a better place than I think it is, Steve—and listen, I know this is… in hindsight, I see how blurting out my proposal in a hospital room after you’ve just been put through hell was probably not, uh, the wisest timing I could have picked, but… but I mean it. I just want you to know that. You don’t have to answer right now. Or at all. But that’s what I think. And that won’t ever change.” Tony nodded, then, and clamped his mouth shut, apparently finished. His eyes darted nervously up at Steve’s face, before they moved back down to his lap.
He nodded his head.
Tony groaned down the line and started shouting a few seconds after. The three guys just smiled and stepped forward.
But Bruce had only shrugged non-committedly. “I- I don’t know,” he’d admitted, “I should think so. Whatever they were doing with you, it wouldn’t have been for a long enough time to stick. We’ve studied what happened with Bucky and his conditioning- not even seventy years managed to remove his past life completely. If we’re using him as our reference, then hopefully this should fade. But I don’t know, Tony. All of this is hypothetical.”
“Anniversaries are never going to be easy,” Steve murmured, fingers making light circles against Tony’s back. His skin was so warm. “Unless they’re anniversaries for nice things, which I hope will be a little more pleasant than this. But… the bad ones? They’re going to stick around. They’re going to remind us of everything we’ve gone through. We’re going to get to that one day that changed everything, and it’ll suddenly just feel like an impossible, crushing weight. It’s all we can think about. I know that when my anniversaries come up- the day Bucky the died, the day
Tony raised his eyebrows. “I’m sober, and I will be remembering that you said that, you know.”
Steve laughed, giving Tony a look filled with so much adoration that Tony didn’t quite know what to do with it all. He took a mental snapshot and stored it away for later, heartbeat increasing in his own ears as he felt Steve’s hands settle on the buttons of Tony’s own jeans, deftly undoing them while keeping his mouth fixed on Tony’s throat. He was an excellent multitasker—even better than Tony, thanks to his truly astounding coordination. Tony briefly thought about the sorts of things he could do with his hands, and then very quickly pushed it away. He was
Steve’s head jerked up at Tony’s voice. “What?” He asked, voice throaty.
So that meant he was probably going to have to just suck it up and face Tony at some point, then. How completely terrible.
Which was just brilliant.
That was… distractingly hot, to say the least.
Another fond little smile. “Hopefully. Catch you later, Steve.” And then she was turning away and walking down the corridor with her mousy little steps, books clutched firmly in her hands as she slipped quietly into her classroom, leaving Steve a little bit gobsmacked in his wake.
He managed to hold out for eighteen hours after being released before he couldn’t stop himself any longer and picked up his coat. The night was dark out, and Steve knew it was too late, the hospital was shut now, no more visitors, but he couldn’t just sit there. At the very least, Tony deserved to be able to tell him what he’d wanted to say on the phone earlier. And Steve had to see him. He just fucking had to. It was twisting him up inside, driving him insane. He remembers how Tony had looked when Thor had dragged him away- an unconscious, bleeding mess on the floor- but he just had to see again. Had to know how much damage he had done. He couldn’t offer Tony comfort, not when he was the cause of his pain- but he could listen. He could accept what Tony was going to tell him, and then do his best to never let himself go near the other man again. God knows it’d make Tony feel at least a little bit safer.
Tony made a face. “That was not your lovestruck face,” he said incredulously, “that was your ‘what the fuck is happening here’ face.”
Jesus Christ. “What do you want me doing, Sir?” He asked defeatedly, tilting his chin up. Just another mission, he told himself. Another task, to fill the time until the next one came along, and then the next, and then the next.
Okay, so he did feel a
“In my defence, you really didn’t need to do that.”
“Mind if you do the honours while I grab a shower?” Steve asked, wrinkling his nose a little and poking Peter in the side accusingly. “He peed on me while I was changing his diaper.”
Bruce bit his lip and looked away, and Steve knew what that meant. He didn’t know what Steve should do either. “You should just… go in and see him, for now,” he said quietly, “but prepare yourself, okay? Steve, we all know it wasn’t your fault, but… it doesn’t look good. He’s been through a lot.”
Good.
He took a moment to process that. Tony must be lying to him. For one thing, the story about Fort Oswald wasn’t even true—it was all part of the lie he was feeding Tony. There was no weapons deal there, but Tony still seemed to be planning on a hit. This conversation alone was incriminating enough; if Steve wanted to, he could leave right now and the information he had would have Tony under arrest in a heartbeat.
“Hey, it’s fine. He’s fine,” Tony told Bucky before Steve had a chance to open his mouth.
“Ha ha,” Steve said, deadpan, “just admit that you’re smitten with the kid and go.”
“Don’t even bother,” Natasha rolled her eyes and then laid her head back gently against Tony’s midsection. “Tactics and probabilities go out of the window when it’s family who hang in the balance. I know you. You wouldn’t leave. In the same way you know us.” Her eyes glazed over, something deep and profound hanging within them as she turned to look at Tony. “Never in my life would I have thought I would choose heart over head,” she said quietly, “and yet here I am. And I don’t regret it. Tactically, maybe you’re right. The sensible option would be to leave you. But none of us are going to do that, in the same way that you would not think for a second about abandoning us up here, so let’s all drop the pretence that it would ever happen, because it won’t.” Her face turned grim and determined, and she looked back over to the door. “When HYDRA come, we will fight, and we will win, and you will get medical assistance, and then you will tell Steve you love him, and everything will be fine.”
been awake since seven.”
Steve was worried, but at the same time, the order in Tony’s words set something in him on the defensive. “Tony, don’t be ridiculous. I’ll sneak out or something, okay, I won’t get caught, I promise-“
Three seconds later, Steve stepped toward him, and Tony sighed in relief. Not broken, see? Just… a little bent out of shape. Only temporarily though – Tony was an engineer. He’d fix it. He could fix anything.
“I’m okay,” he said again, firmer this time as he squeezed down against Tony’s shoulders, “just any old injury. Happens a lot.”
“She was still alive,” Tony whispered, eyes shutting for a second as he breathed in, “they both were, and they both visited when they could. Kept me mostly under control, I guess.”
Tony frowned, pulling away a little. “I don’t understand,” he said, “you said—”
“Clint, it was just a blip. He’s still under.”
Peggy patted Steve’s shoulder and grinned. “Change his mind, Steven,” she asked him sweetly, and Steve set his eyes on Tony, whose smile dropped comically off his face as he shook his head and raised a hand of warning.
Steve shot him a look. “Hah. Unfortunately for me, I was born with two left feet. Ballet career doesn’t seem like quite my thing,” he answered with a shrug, knowing his cheeks were probably bright red by that point.
Okay. So Steve just had to get in his head first, right? Beat him at his own game. Didn’t matter how wrong that felt- this was his job. This was what he was here for.
sense, really. But Steve was willing to take it. He would hold onto that with everything he had.
Tony just sighed, and looked at him with a serious face. ‘Because you saw me moving,’ he murmured, stroking Steve’s face, ‘before you lost consciousness, you saw me move. And you know if I can move, I can fight. So you really, really have to stop me from doing something stupid and reckless and heroic before it’s too late to go back on, don’t you?’
The fight waged in the corridor, everyone busy hitting someone or another. Tony was aware of the fact that one of the Enhanced that he’d picked up on his scan wasn’t present, and he knew that he was going to have to wrap this up in here pretty quick before they could get their hands on something dangerous. There was enough science equipment and alien tech in here to start a damn war, after all.
“What, you think he massacred all these guys and then just went and popped himself back into his restraints?” Tony asked, realising that in his head, he was already sure that this was Steve. Which it might not be. It could be one of those enhanced assets that HYDRA had begun remaking. It could have been a science project gone rogue. Steve wasn’t necessarily even here. Hell, maybe this violence hadn’t even been caused by whatever it was that was still alive in sublevel 5. Maybe that poor guy was the only one who’d made it out with a heartbeat.
have. They didn’t have the tech to do it so fast. Unless they’d developed a better method. Potentially the method they’d used to train up the newest batch of assets.
