," he was whining out after she switched her aim to his thighs, curling his toes and choking on a sob, "I'm sorryyyyy."
him to get in bed. He knew what he would prefer, and it definitely wouldn’t be lying down by his lonesome.
doing anything to or with him that you
“Who seems insistent on
He closed the door behind him softly, wiping at his face as he headed for his toilet. His hands began to shake sometime while he was relieving himself, his anxiety getting the better of his nerves. While Pepper was gone, Tony quite enjoyed not having to worry about getting his ass warmed. But he always seemed to forget that it’s always so much
okay, right? If he did
“Then I’m gonna do it,” Steve informed him, gentle but firm. He didn’t want to sound threatening or spook Tony, but either way, it was getting done. By then, though, he figured that was unspoken. He braced himself for whatever reaction Tony gave him, but was pleasantly surprised by what he got.
He smiled to himself as he hit the button to open the elevator, feeling embarrassingly…giddy. It had been a
“I won’t,” he stated with no hesitation, rolling his eyes in amusement. He didn’t want to get back into conversation on whether or not Steve could handle Tony again. Not yet, at least, since he was sure it would come up again, sooner or later, but he still preferred to postpone it, “I’m not intimidated in the slightest, just marveling is all.”
“All we did was talk for a little while," Steve assured Pepper when she continued to give him an unimpressed stare, clearly not believing a word he was saying despite his sincerity, "That's all. He pushed at me like he always does, so I was going to leave him be and give him some space. But, he wanted me to stay with him. So, I did."
"Doesn't matter," Tony answered through a horribly hidden yawn. He peered up at Steve again to see if he saw it. The knowing look he received must have let him know that it hadn't gone unnoticed because he diverted his gaze again, "Something good."
She was heading towards his bed before he could force himself out of it, a grin on her face that matched his, "Good morning, my sweet boy."
“I think I forget what he’s capable of sometimes,” Steve stated soberly, glancing around at the layout of the floor (or what he could see of it, at least) as he leaned back against the stool, “Or I mean, what he
“Good thing nobody asked you, huh?” Tony spoke, sending him a cheeky smile before taking a swig of the beer in his hand. He didn’t want to do this - Steve was one of the few Dominants in his life he wanted to respect. He wanted to pursue whatever this was. But he was too scared. He didn’t want him to get too close.
Based on the little bit that he did know, Steve was starting to understand why Tony was the way he was. He hadn't gotten the full rundown on Tony's history with dominants, but he knew that none of it seemed to be very pretty. There was a lot of abuse involved that pretty much started at birth, which left the Submissive scarred pretty badly in more ways than one. Steve didn't know all of the facts, not yet, but he knew enough to not blame Tony for carrying himself the way he did.
like Stupid Steve.
“Please,” Steve politely accepted the offered, chuckling as he moved to sit at a stool at the island, “He didn’t want to go to sleep, but we did okay.”
Sure enough, when he opened it was full of fancy water bottles and plenty of healthy-looking snacks. Steve’s guess was that Pepper probably kept it stocked for aftercare; he doubted Anthony cared enough to do so. Either way, he was happy because the accommodation meant he didn’t have to leave Anthony unattended. Steve doubted that he would have let him, anyway.
Which, of course, Steve did not do.
, Pep.”
"It's meant to," she reminded him of what he already knew, continuing to rain down spanks in a way that was making Tony's ass catch fire. Much like always, he was wondering how he ever complained or cried from her hand; it didn't sting half as fucking bad as the brush. He always reminded himself to enjoy his warm-ups for what they were, but it hardly ever stuck with him until his next punishment.
When her face first appeared on the screen, her expression wore concern, but when she saw the submissive's smile she seemed happy to return it, "Hi, my sweet boy. What's going on?"
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” some part of Tony’s brain managed to lie, even as his heart started to beat out of his chest. He didn’t know why he was lying; it was clear he was caught. Unfortunately, though, admitting his wrongdoings was never one of his strong points, even in the face of danger.
have a crush on me, Pepper," he grumbled around a forkful of his dinner, "He's like, 90, or something. And even if he wasn't, I doubt I'm the face of America's type."
needs to be taken care of, Anthony,” Steve reiterated after a moment of silence, carefully watching his reactions as he spoke, “Doms, too. Just in a different way. That’s why we bond.”
There was something about the Dom’s voice that made Tony felt safe, like being swaddled in a warm blanket in a really soft bed. His touch enhanced that feeling tenfold. Despite his overall wariness about the whole situation, it helped him relax as Steve got him settled down on his couch. Tony was thankful - standing was only getting harder.
Steve was thrilled to see that the sub didn't even stir, still letting out soft little puffs of breath against his pillow. Steve took a moment to admire him, much like he had the night before, before deciding to go looking for Pepper. He wanted to meet her without Tony's company, especially with the mood he knew Tony would wake up in.
instead of
hoping they were done with the tears, but it was clear that Anthony’s reaction to every single slight was going to result in crying when he was down like this. The poor thing was an emotional wreck – he couldn’t help it – but it was going to take Steve a little getting used to.
"I know you will," she answered warmly, patting his back and calming his nerves in a way only she could. He still was miserable - more mentally and emotionally than physically - but he was glad his Pepper believed in him, "And I know you're gonna try harder this time, aren't you, sweetheart?"
The glazed look in his eyes made it obvious he was still very much floating through subspace, but the sounds of the movie playing behind him must have intrigued him enough to turn around. Steve eventually recognized it as one of the Star Wars movies, though he had no clue which one. The franchise was still incredibly confusing to him and he had no interest in figuring it out. Tony, however, was obviously a fan, so Steve knew he might end up getting more familiar with it then he intended.
“Why don't we talk to her about what you were just telling me?” Steve spoke for the first time in a while as he tightened his arms around the boy who was obviously seeking some more comfort, forcing Tony back into reality (well, for the most part), "I think Pepper would like to know how you're feeling."
This hug didn’t last too long before Tony was whining, shifting from foot to foot, “I’m still
By the time Tony realized that what he said sounded like the sass she just told him to hold, Pepper was chuckling lightly, “I suppose I could have done a little better than you and Helen’s birthdays, huh?”
The action required what Steve imagined was a lot of trust for Tony, but if he had a problem with it outside of being sulky, he didn’t show it. Instead, he just offered his dirty face to be cleaned off.
for me."
“Hey,” he called softly, bouncing his leg a little to get the slowly drifting sub’s attention, “Why don’t we get you more comfortable before you get to bed, buddy?”
“That’s good to know, my sweet boy,” she comforted, patting the small of his back a few times, before wrapping her free arm around his waist and anchoring him to her, “For now, we’re going to deal with this time, though. We’re going to get it dealt with now so we don’t have to worry about it again, okay?”
Tony’s voice sounded so desperate and he hated himself for it, but he couldn’t stop himself. For whatever reason, he didn’t want to be left alone with his thoughts. He wanted Steve to stay.
you are. Is that clear?"
He didn’t answer at first, but the feeling of Steve’s hand moving up and down his back brought him back to reality. Even then, all he could do was give a shaky nod and whimper out, “I want Pepper...”
this. His brain was screaming to run and to run far, but he knew that wasn’t smart. The only thing that
to keep cuddling with the oddly gentle behemoth on the couch and talk to Pepper. It didn't matter what he wanted, though, not then and not to Pepper. She was adamant about him getting enough sleep, something he tended to ignore until he couldn't anymore, but he couldn't fight her this time. It was late and he was stuck in a fuzzy and floaty headspace where he just wanted to
didn’t like the latter choice. Besides, Tony probably had plenty of that in the first place. For as long as he was with Steve, he was going to have to deal with a little structure.
The part of him that knew damn well that he liked Steve was glad that Pepper seemed to approve. Of course, every time he ranted about him on the phone she tended to side with the Dom, and she had repeatedly told him that he seemed like a nice guy, but this was confirmation that Pepper liked the oversized teddy bear. That was good because if he ever wanted to bond with someone, he'd never do it if Pepper didn't approve.
, he just wanted to kiss his head and protect him forever. He fought the urge to, instead settling for a small smile and nod, "Of course, you can talk to Pep, buddy. That was the agreement, after all. Here you go."
When Tony slowly pushed open the door to the bathroom, Steve hurriedly set the phone to the side and beckoned him towards him. The tear tracks on his cheeks had been washed away but his eyes were still wet, indicating that he'd continued to cry as he readied himself for bed. Steve had probably never seen him look so skeptical (which was really saying something when it came to Tony), but Steve still felt his heart melt. God, the submissive was just so fucking cute. For the thousandth time that night, Steve wondered how anybody could have
Anthony he'd been working at for nearly two months probably had a lot to do with it. He
I like you, and I
Tony stressed, feeling very teary all of a sudden. Tony hated a lot of things about himself, but how much of a baby he was when he was actually being himself was the absolute worst. He spent most of his day acting like an untouchable, unfazed tough guy, so when he actually was somewhere with someone where he felt comfortable, he tended to cry over just about anything due to holding in all of his emotions throughout the day.
Tony. The Tony you're giving him is a different story, but it's impossible not to like
“None of those, either,” Steve didn’t hesitate to quell her worry, offering another soft smile, “He slept like a baby, it just hasn’t been for very long. I don’t think he dropped off until almost five, if not after.”
Steve gazed down at the sub resting his head in his lap as he thought, continuing to pet his hair. He was just so
She laughed, not apparently bothered by the news of Tony’s tantrum. Steve figured that, as well as she knew him, it probably wasn’t really news, “I tried to warn you; he’s not a sleeper.”
He did, thankfully, and moved to throw the sub’s pants down it. As large as the tower was, he wondered where the damn thing even led to. Was there a room entirely dedicated to cleaning linen? Steve didn’t doubt it, but he was still curious about the logistics of it all. He needed a tour one day when Anthony hated him a little less.
"Are we sleepy?" Pepper asked him softly, cradling his head to her chest and resting her chin atop of it, "Do you want to rest for a little bit?"
starting to calm down a little bit. Tony had lots to cry about - he knew that plenty well - but even he could only go for so long when Pepper was holding and comforting and
Unfortunately, stupid Steve's lap was still calling his name. He couldn't help it when tears began to spill out of his eyes again as he thought about how
Okay, well, maybe not 'hardly trying', but he definitely wasn't giving it his all. And once he started to drop, all of Steve's previous flirtatious behavior went out of the window. He wasn't about to try and pursue a sub while he technically wasn't even in his right mind. He was in a vulnerable position and Steve would never take advantage of that, but he still needed to be a good Dom, whether Tony was his or not. And in this particular occurrence, that meant coddling and petting Tony to help him relax.
The attitude from before was gone (for the time being, at least). His voice was soft and sweet, just like the eyes he gave Steve when he looked up at him. The affection he felt for Tony was just so
, this was a rude awakening.
– her two favorite people’s birthdays – Tony knew that the numbers came up in many of Pepper’s passwords and codes.
" Pepper emphasized her words with swats, eliciting a pitiful wail from Tony, "You will
argument was now even less believable than before. He quickly continued before Pepper could point that out herself, "How long 'til you're home?"
"How are you feeling?" Pepper checked on him after a few moments of silence, squeezing him tightly before pushing him back enough to face her, "You back with me?"
hit me, Anthony.”
apologized to anyone besides Pepper...but this time, he wanted to. He
Fear and disorientation was consuming Tony - he was out of it. He'd never just lost all control before, not like this and definitely not so fast. He didn’t know how the hell Steve managed to make him feel like this just by a couple of minutes of touching, but he hated it. Steve could do anything with him if he wanted, and Tony would just have to take it.
happy anymore. Because then, he'd just be alone… and that was scary.
“I’m not leaving, sweetheart,” he assured him, figuring he'd start there, “I was just gonna step out of the bathroom so you could have some privacy. I'd be right there in your room. That's as far as I'm going from you tonight, buddy. I promise.”
managed to get back into his right mind and now Pepper was dragging him right back down to the stupid submissive portion of his brain that he Did Not Want To Be In.
His time with Pepper on the phone came to an end much quicker than he would have liked, but he knew she had to go. And he also knew the reason that she had to go was ultimately so she could come to him, which was acceptable.
The events of the night seemed to have Tony developing a liking for Steve, but he knew that was mostly just because he was taking care of him and not hurting him. That surpassed his poor, neglected brain’s standards by far, Steve was sure, so it had him growing a temporary attachment to the man who’d been so gentle with him.
"I know you will," she responded cheekily before kissing his head one last time, "Now, back to sleep. I'll be here when you get up, I'm not going anywhere."
didn't want to fuck this up before he ever even got a chance.
that it would be easier if he just told her. Refusing was not only postponing the inevitable, but it was making it worse. But of course, that was the
he was hiding.
Tony didn’t hesitate to whimper in response, sending a wary look at his bed before looking back towards Steve with a distasteful expression, “Do I have to?”
Steve was a six-foot, two-hundred-something-pound fucking super-soldier. There were very few people living that he couldn't beat in hand to hand combat and for the most part, he feared nobody. But at that moment, right then and there, he was embarrassed to admit that he kind of feared the hell out of Pepper Potts. He wasn't quite sure what she could do to him, but he was sure that if he were to hurt Tony, she'd do whatever it took to follow through on her promise. It was a good thing he had no intention of finding out.
She let out another sigh, clearly frustrated but just nodded in understanding, “Okay, sweetheart. We are going to talk about it more when I get there, though, okay?”
Tony tried to brace himself for them, but it was no use. When Pepper started in with her hairbrush, Anthony lost his little slivers of composure. What was once just wiggling toes turned into kicking feet and noisy cries very quickly, "Pepper,
"I love you more, Anthony," she assured him one last time, "Goodnight, baby."
if you behave. Deal?”
"It's up to you," he told her softly when she still didn't speak. It
“I can’t take care of anybody,” Tony admitted quietly, eyes cast on the cars driving past many feet below them. It was rare he allowed himself moments of vulnerability, but when he talked to Steve...it just slipped out, “I can’t take care of-“
“Wishful thinking,” Steve couldn’t help but chuckle, finally taking a swig from his mug. After one night of putting Tony to bed, Steve figured Pepper probably deserved some type of award if she was getting him to sleep on a proper schedule, “I doubt he’ll stay put long when he realizes he’s in there alone.”
Well, at least he tried incredibly hard to. Tony wanted Steve at an arm’s length before he did something stupid, like fall in love with him. Unfortunately for him, Steve was persistent. It didn’t work for long before Steve started to force his way in.
So, it was clear to him that if he
"Mhm," he hummed, letting his eyes close for a moment as he soaked up the affection, previous turmoil apparently long forgotten. Steve was almost embarrassed for thinking that he'd
and turned his attention to the big screen in front of him.
at all - he didn't want him to see him like this, but he didn't have a choice. Steve was the only person who was there and as much as he hated to admit it, his touch still felt nice. Tony zoned out as he was led through the busy main room of his own party. It was loud; he registered that, but nothing else. He was too out of it to even care if someone saw them. Hopefully, everyone was drunk enough to mind their own business because he didn't want to wake up to headlines about how him and America's first super soldier left together.
, plus some maintenance, I'd really rather not have to deal with some kind of middle-of-the-night Tony scheme, too. Of course, I know you can't control him, but..."
until that big, stupid bastard came around. Then, all of a sudden, the behemoth broke him in like, two minutes. It was
Even as she moved from her seat and grabbed both of their mugs, she gave him a look and asked, “Are you sure you don’t want to say bye?”
Or, well, maybe it wasn’t, because he seemed to never fucking
he would do something so stupid and how he
"Of course, it's not, Tony," Pepper chuckled fondly, "Just make sure you try to get your rest tonight, okay, sweetie?"
Tony was making a disgusted face before he could help it because no, he really hadn’t. He also hadn’t forgotten what he hairbrush felt like, unfortunately, and the thought of ratting himself out and accepting his fate sounded
Tony snorted at the lame response, “That's not a reason, Sir.”
Pepper, ever the patient and understanding Dominant, made it hard for Tony to keep being mad. He
“Won’t be a next time,” he proclaimed softly, more to himself than her. Sometimes, messing up was easy. This
“I know you’re sorry, Anthony,” Steve informed him, giving the back of Tony’s neck a squeeze. When he relaxed further under his hand, Steve continued, “I understand how hard this is, buddy, I really do. But you
It felt right, and Steve felt privileged. Because why did this beautiful and sweet and broken boy's heart decide
as he always is to you, pumpkin?"
Not to mention that he was doing it all even though he didn’t have to. And, maybe he
After another period of time passed, the submissive was letting out his hundredth yawn of the night. It was then Steve decided he needed to start taking the necessary steps to help get him to sleep. When he noticed that he was still nearly fully dressed, he figured he'd start there.
anything, but if he could get a chance to make it a little
"The code for Jarvis will be changed and you will absolutely
“Band on your wrist says otherwise,” Steve spoke nonchalantly, giving the submissive a wink when he just blushed again in response.
Steve knew Tony was a genius, but he didn’t really know the specifics. Still, even coming from
“What did you
Tony frowned at the thought of having to get up, but he knew she was right. He hated morning breath and clogged pores.
"I missed you more, Anthony," Pepper responded warmly, kissing the top of his head, "I promise, I don't like to be gone either. I miss you
So, when it started to hurt, he started to cry. The sting wasn't too bad at first; just enough to have him crying steadily to himself. Just like always, though, it built up more and more with every swat. It wasn't long before he was squirming, instinctually trying to avoid the swats. Pepper wasn't swayed, just pulling him tighter to her and continuing to rain down the swats on his poor, exposed bottom.
“Yes, you are, Anthony,” Steve said into Tony’s ear, gentle but firm. He whined and squirmed at the words, but Steve continued, “We have to sleep. That’s what we promised Pepper and that is what you need. Now, would you like me to hold you for a little while longer, or do you want to go whine in your bed? Those are your choices, but I’m not gonna put up with the tantrum, sweetheart, so you have to pick.”
time, Steve knew that you probably had to be pretty damn fucking smart to build an A.I. as intuitive as Jarvis. He considered himself smart – well, at one point, at least – and he wouldn’t even have a clue where to start. Anthony was truly a force to be reckoned with.
Being good was never his forte, but...maybe he could learn?
To that, all Tony did was nod. Deep down, he knew it was illogical to think that Pepper would
? Why would Steve stop? Why did he have to be stupid enough to drop the fucking bottle? He was such an idiot. No, not only was he an idiot, but he was an idiot who was dropping in the middle of his own party with a Dominant he hardly knew.
. Arguing wasn’t good and running definitely wasn’t, and no matter how hard he racked his brain he couldn’t find any other ways out. He just had to
"Why'd you stop?" he managed to whine out, but quickly shut up when Steve resumed the comforting touch. There wasn't one singular part of him that cared how absolutely mortifying this should have been. He had no fight left in him.
Tony thought to himself, his panic starting to dissipate as he realized what he was supposed to be doing,
Tony wasn't thrilled with that answer; he didn't like feeling like a bother. Knowing he'd pulled Pepper away from something upset him, whether she claimed it bored her or not. It was just a small burst of emotion, but it wouldn't be long before his anxiety took hold of the thought and ran with it.
“Is this okay?” he asked quietly, carefully gauging the sub’s reactions even though he was almost completely sure that it was just fine. Nevertheless, Tony needed to know that being touched was still a choice. Steve was still relieved when Tony gave a slight nod in response.
"Just about, sweetie," her voice was just as sullen, and Steve could tell she was worrying again, "You know you're completely safe, right, sweet boy? Steve wouldn't be there if he wanted to hurt you. I wouldn't let him be. Nothing and nobody is going to harm you, so it's okay to just rest until I get there. You can relax because you're safe."
Pepper couldn't stay mad at him about anything that wasn't life or death most of the time, even when he really deserved it. Even when she was she didn’t express it very much, so when they got to a point where she sounded angry, Tony had a bad tendency to work himself up about it.
She cupped his face with her hands in a way that made Tony feel so angelic, so delicate. He rarely felt like that, and he knew by the way it made him feel that the answer to her question was no, he wasn't quite back with her. He still felt a little floaty, but it was in a pretty good way. He settled on a shrug in response, giving her a dopey smile with his eyes closed, "Sure."
Steve was sure that Pepper was doing her absolute best. It was somewhat of an impossible situation but he understood that it was the best that could be made of it. For them to still be so close, even after Pepper got married, made it clear that she was putting in an effort to make it work.
Pepper seemed intrigued as she listened and processed what he was telling her, and much to his surprise, she seemed to relax by the time he was finished. She stared at him again for a moment, appraising him before she allowed a small smile to play on her lips, "Okay, Steve. You have my blessing."
There was no ‘if you don’t mind me asking’. They’d barely broken the ice before he got straight to the question. Tony couldn’t do much but blanch and stutter in response, causing Steve to chuckle and tell him he didn’t have to answer him. Tony was glad because he didn’t know how to answer him. Nobody had ever asked him that before; he just figured it was obvious.
was the one to let in? Not completely, not yet, but he'd made it much further than a lot of other Dominants in his position. Of course, they were all dicks, but he still felt special in a way he never had before.
"It's not going to be an easy future, Steve," she stressed, calmer but still firm in what she was explaining to him, "I see what you're doing and I am
being punished for, though, was flat out insolent, Tony. You did it for your own benefit and to have even more free reign than you already had. Do you think that should go unpunished?”
While he drank, Steve noted that he probably shouldn’t let Tony go to sleep with his face as messy as it was. All of the crying had taken its toll on his poor face so Steve figured a warm rag could do him some good.
Once the phone hung up, it was silent. Steve couldn't help but begin to feel nervous again. Now, the real games began, and he could only hope he was ready.
With a content sight, Tony nodded against her chest and closed his eyes again. She always knew exactly what he needed, "Yes, ma'am. I'd like that."
“Good, because you won’t be,” Pepper continued after a beat, sounding relieved, “It’s up to you; Steve can stay with you until I get back in the morning or we can have Rhodey come stay with you. Your choice, sweetheart, but you have to pick one, or I will for you.”
Although, he would have been lying if he said he wasn’t a little nervous to be responsible for the sub all night. Especially since he already managed to upset him once, "Let's just hope I don't make him cry again before the nights over."
And it felt right, too. Despite the fact that he barely even knew him. Tony just fit so perfectly into his arms and loved the attention just as much as Steve loved giving it to him. Steve hadn't had very many subs, not of his own, but he'd done a lot of working with them before and after he came out of the ice. None of them had ever felt so perfect in his arms before, and he knew it
Once he was up, Steve gave him another grin along with a small nod, "Good boy."
"Where're you?" he mumbled after a moment of comfortable silence, finally managing to take in her visible surroundings. It was fairly dark, and there was a barely audible murmur of distant conversation in the background, "You busy?"
A flicker of excitement and hope forced him to bite back a goofy smile. As good as it all seemed, he had to remind himself that this was not, nor was it ever going to be that easy. He had to slow himself to Tony's pace, however slow that may be. And he knew it would be a while. As much as he loved the side of Tony he was getting to see, he would be back to bratting and pushing and fighting him at every turn by morning.
Tony did, and he was feeling worse and worse about the decisions he made when his Domme was gone the longer his punishment went on. He knew he'd been bad in lots of different ways while she was away, but this likely took the cake and it was dawning on him how disappointed she had to have been, "Yes, mama! I'll do better, I promise!"
The way Tony was crying, you would think that he
the best man Tony had ever met. But he was also the fucking
, then of course I’m going to want to keep an eye on you. There was only way to do it from across the country. I know you feel like I don’t trust you – I’m sorry that it upsets you – but you knew better than to just go in and do away with it by your own volition.”
Still, he didn't care. He knew what he was getting himself into. Maybe not fully and by every single detail, but he knew, and he was prepared. Tony had endless potential when paired with the right Dominant, and Steve knew he was the right person for the job. By the looks of it, he may have a few grey hairs (or more like a head full) by the time Tony's where he wanted him to be, but it would still be worth it.
Pepper was silent for a moment as she seemed to process that information. It was surprisingly hard for Steve to believe that this was such unusual behavior for Tony that it caused this reaction in his former Domme. He was surprised, too, sure, but he’d only known Tony for a little over a month and he’d only saw his behavior whilst he was unsupervised. Pepper had known him for much longer and much more personally and she was
Tony was about to try and convince Pepper that he didn't want to leave the phone because he needed to keep talking to her, but then he was made aware of Steve's hand still in his hair. The Dominant gave his tresses a light tug to get his attention and smiled at him when tear-filled eyes met his.
He wasn't so far down that he truly couldn't remember the
"Okay, okay," he soothed quickly, embracing him again, "I won't leave, but you still have to change, buddy. Do you need help?"
portion of his brain.
“You’re always good,” she told him with a smile, “Always my good, sweet boy. It doesn’t matter what that voice in your head says; you’re always the best boy. Aren’t you, sweetheart?”
trying to scare you away, but if you're interested in him like I think you are, then you need to know that he's about to put you through hell and high water before he even thinks about letting you in. I don't want you to stick around just long enough for him to accept that he likes you, too, and then take off because he's too much to handle. So, I'm telling you as early as I possibly can, you make sure you're really going to be all the way in this. Because he doesn't deserve someone who can't handle him, and you don't deserve someone you can't handle. Okay?"
when it’s been a while. The suspense was harder on him and it always
“I’ll say,” She laughed quietly, “You know, Tony did create him, after all. One of his best works, if you ask me.”
“Hey,” Steve greeted softly, grinning at the wide-and-wet-eyed Submissive in his lap. He pressed his fingertips against his scalp a little more firmly, smile widening when the tired eyes fluttered shut, "Yeah, you're a good boy."
He just shrugged in response, but he allowed his eyes to stay shut for a while this time. The both of them knew that anything besides a flat out 'no' was a big, fat 'yes'.
"I don't think that
and even though he wouldn’t say it aloud, it was hard to behave without any guidance. He was scolded plenty of times over facetime, but that could only go so far. And although it had nothing to do with him disabling the babysitting protocol, he had been itching for a real reaction for a while now.
take care of. That's where the balance lied and that's what he'd been trying to explain to Tony out on the balcony. There was a balance that needed to be kept, and that's why they bonded.
"Yeah, yeah, I know. I know you say that won't happen but...There's just still a lot you don't know. And he's been hurt more than enough. The more time you spend with him, the further you get over his wall, and the more he's going to care about you. So, if shit hits the fan and you decide you can't handle him...well, where does that leave him?"
“You left his door open,” she answered with a chuckle, moving to take a seat across from Steve, “He should hear us. If he doesn’t, he’ll ask Jarvis.”
He would never let anybody else hurt him either, not again, but he didn't voice this thought to Pepper.
Even a clear-headed Tony absolutely hated when Pepper threatened him, and he hated it ten times more when she did it in front of someone else. It was worse with Steve because he really didn't want the Dominant to see him getting in trouble. It would just be a reminder to the man of how much of a brat he was.
Even though he knew he wouldn't be able to keep up, Steve joined Tony in focusing on the movie. Despite the circumstances, it was still the most relaxed he'd felt in ages and it was clear Tony felt the same. The poor thing was touch starved, to say the least, so he was soaking up every ounce of affection he could get. He wasn't sure how long said peace was going to last, but he intended to enjoy it for as long as possible.
Tony's giggle became a full-blown laugh in response, hiccupping a few times as an aftereffect of all of the crying he'd been doing. It was absolutely adorable and Steve was sure he was in love. Before he could accidentally voice that, the submissive was calling out to his robot butler. "Jarvis, could you turn something on, please?"
To that, all Tony did was whine. He knew a simple sorry wasn't going to get him off of her lap; in the end, nothing would. Safewording wasn't an option - he knew what that was for and it was one thing he took very seriously - but unfortunately for him, nothing else swayed Pepper. Or, at least, as far as he could tell nothing else swayed Pepper. There
"Amazing," Steve confirmed with a short nod, amused to see she picked up on his reference of their conversation from the previous night, "I don't think there's a word for how excited he's going to be to see you."
Pepper was in there talking to stupid Steve (undoubtedly about him) while he was in his room, alone, feeling sorry for himself, too pitiful to even get himself in bed.
, had he missed those hugs.
many spankings, and that continued well into his adulthood under his God father's care. Back then, he was pretty hardened to it. Once he got under Pepper's care, though, and realized how it was supposed to be, he somehow morphed into a huge crybaby. Pepper spent a lot of time reassuring him how perfectly okay that was, but he still didn't like it; he just couldn't change it.
"I think you probably know how to work all this better than I do," Steve joked with a smile when Tony just continued to give him a sad look, patting his stomach, "Don't you?"
"Anthony," she spoke back to him, matching his soft tone with a warm smile, "We told you that you'd get the phone back."
“That's what you think, Anthony?” he pressed once he was sure he wasn't going to explain any further, keeping his tone as calm and gentle as ever. He didn’t want Tony to spook and push them three steps backwards, "Why do you think that?"
Just like he usually did when Tony gave him a smartass response, Steve just laughed. The look he sent him was still fond, even as he spoke, “You’re a brat, y’know? You can tell no one’s taking care of you.”
Those eyes continued to do so even as he rolled them at him, “A sub.
"More or less," Steve shrugged, relaxing back into the couch. This was going much better than he anticipated, "If you give me four or five hours, I can figure just about anything out. Well, so far, at least."
It didn’t take long for Steve to fall asleep sitting next to him, his back and head resting back on the headboard. He wasn’t sure exactly when he stopped staring at Tony and passed out, but he knew a lot of time couldn’t have possibly passed before he heard movement coming from somewhere down the hallway. Once he looked over at a clock and saw the time, he knew it had to be Pepper.
The gesture made Tony swoon. This new and oddly vulnerable moment was something Tony definitely didn't mind. Steve was taking care of him, and he loved the feeling of being taken care of. Although, he didn't quite remember ever loving it this much. Steve had the best touch he ever felt.
have one, already?"
Tony quickly nodded, grabbing for his hand as he began to walk out of the restroom. Steve allowed him to hold one hand while he placed the other in the middle of his back as he led him into his bedroom, “Do you think you can lay down in your bed for me?”
“Jarvis,” Tony whispered once he remembered how to talk, trying to focus on something besides Steve's magical fingers scratching at his sensitive scalp again, “Can you call Pepper for me?”
"He is," Steve admitted, even though he was getting fairly comfortable with the idea of Tony-sitting until his Domme got home to take care of him in the morning. He just spoke to Rhodey not too long ago at the party and he knew he couldn't have gone far since then, "I talked to him at the party. You don't need to call him, though, unless you're not comfortable with me staying. Honestly, I don't mind."
somebody to care for him, no matter how much he fucking hated it. And Pepper knew that, too. In fact, she knew it better than him because she
casual, then that wouldn’t be so bad.
something better he could be doing. It’s been his downfall plenty of times,”
Steve Rogers was persistent, and he was by no means a quitter. If Tony was a challenge meant for him, then he was going to prove it.
"I understand why you wouldn't want me to stay here with him," he admitted to her in a rush. If he was in her position, he wouldn't want someone he'd never even met staying with his sub either, "You have no reason to trust me, but as I've already made clear, I have no intention of hurting Anthony. But he's also told me about how he doesn't like it when Rhodes has to take care of him, and I don't want to make him any more miserable than he already is."
Steve chuckled at the smart-assed response, figuring he probably should have anticipated it. He wanted to reprimand him for it, but considering how that had gone last time he decided against it. A little sass was far from enough to ruin what they peace they had going so far, "Well...because I don't."
past tonight right now. All I'm worried about is getting him through the night as smoothly as possible. Could you give me some tips on how to do that? You're the expert."
While they sat, Steve played in his hair and with his ears, gauging his reactions and hoping it could get the job done, but all it ever managed to do was get Tony to close his eyes for a little while. They always popped back open after a minute or so, though, staring up at Steve for a few moments before returning to the screen.
“Oh, you bet I do, but I’m asking you, Anthony,” Pepper retorted firmly, darkening her look even further. Tony winced at her tone, watching his tears drop from his face to the wood floor beneath him instead of looking up at his Domme. He
Another nod into his pillow, though this one was much slower and plagued with the sounds of him trying to catch his breath, "Yes, mama," Tony answered miserably after a moment of hesitation. He knew what was to come after his answer, but he also knew that it was the only way to be finished.
Tony bit back a groan, fidgeting with his sub-band. Why did she have to make this so
"No, he can't. He tries, but..." she trailed off with a sigh, running her fingers through her hair and giving the tresses a frustrated tug, "There's no way you haven't figured out by now that he can be a huge brat, but for the most part, he's just a big baby.
While he was in the bathroom, Pepper had made his bed back up and was sitting on the edge. Tony knew the position all too well – legs crossed, stern face, perfect posture, and an antique wooden hairbrush that left his behind feeling like a wildfire in hand. Anthony knew the burn all too well. He’d had plenty of teachers, but that hairbrush? It was his greatest one.
"Uh-huh," Tony agreed quietly, now blushing slightly and avoiding his eyes. The grip he had on Steve's shirt hadn't changed and despite his shyness, his nerves weren't getting any worse. Once he was done observing the submissive for any signs of a breakdown, Steve pushed the tight pants down his thighs.
“Then show me, buddy,” Steve decided to settle on something a little encouraging, gently forcing his head back down onto his chest and rubbing his scalp the way he liked, “Just relax. You’re safe and Pepper will be here very soon, okay? It’s time to sleep.”
Stupid fucking Steve.
Steve had gotten too comfortable in the idea that Tony was okay with this, so this reaction caught him off balance. Losing his pants didn't bother him one bit, but he was now in tears over the idea of taking off his shirt. Steve knew that couldn't have stemmed from anything pleasant, but he pushed the thought to the back of his mind. He didn't want to think about the poor thing's past. Not until it was time to, at least.
That earned her a shy smile and another shrug. Steve couldn't help at smile at the interaction - Tony and his 'mama' was cute.
"Thank you," he breathed out, sounding much more grateful than he intended to portray, "I don't take that lightly."
That got him a deeper blush and another nod. Trying to ignore the fact that his heart was about to
easier than behaving, and when he hadn’t had a reminder of the consequences of not doing so for a while, it was even easier.
Steve was expecting a breakdown as soon as Pepper hung up the phone. He was expecting a full-blown, impressively major tantrum, actually. That's what he'd been preparing himself for since she picked up the phone. It was an unsettlingly pleasant surprise when nothing of the sort came.
“Good boy,” she didn’t hesitate to praise as she set the hairbrush down next to her, obviously appreciative of his newfound eagerness to behave. Once Tony was finally within arms-length of her, pout prominently placed on his face, she began to lower his pajama pants, “I’ve missed you very much, sweet boy. I hate that this is the first thing we get to do together.”
Figuring a little coddling couldn’t hurt anything; Steve perched on the side of the bed next to the weeping, mostly-hidden Tony. He’d curled up under his thick duvet, his back shaking pitifully as he cried into his pillow, which he had a death grip on.
“Yes, ma’am,” he whispered with a little sob, beginning to force himself out of Steve’s lap. He didn't want to go to bed, but he didn't want the first thing Pepper had to do when she got there the next morning to be spanking him for petty disobedience. He could be better than that, and in this state, he actually wanted to be, “S-sorry. I’m goin’.”
's why nobody wants me."
“You don’t
mean this is a free-for-all. You don't get to do whatever you want, no matter how appealing that may seem to you. Do you understand me?"
“Yeah, he did and no, he’s not,” Steve confirmed, not being able to help but laugh this time. He couldn't ignore the way he felt something warm in his chest swell knowing that he was able to get such a rare action out of Tony, “He didn’t really…use his words to ask, but I was about to walk away and he told me to wait.”
Tony continued to blubber out denials and explanations through his tears while Steve tried to keep up. Eventually, he began to make out
bad. No matter how hard you try to be, you still aren’t.”
Tony thought to himself as he lowered back to the bed, dreadfully. Those words always set panic off in his brain; it almost never ended well. Did Steve tell on him? He said he wouldn’t…but Steve didn’t seem much for lying to other Dominants. Tony didn't think he seemed much for lying to
anyway, this chapter is over 16k words so i hope that makes up for it. :) I won't promise a short wait for the next one, but I can assure you it'll be around as long as this one lol. hope you enjoy!
It hurt Steve's heart to think someone could do something like that to Tony, or anybody for that matter. It hurt Steve's heart even more to think that Anthony
"Yeah, sure," Pepper grinned back in response, rubbing his cheeks with her thumbs as she cradled his face, "Did you behave yourself for Steve, then?"
Steve thought to himself with an inner cheer, ’
This was something that had obviously been discussed while Pepper and Steve had been speaking privately, and the fact that Steve sticking around was an option meant that Steve must have offered and Pepper decided to trust him. And that’s saying something, because Pepper didn’t trust easily, especially when it came to Tony, and he knew it, too. Apparently, stupid Steve had the same effect on everybody. Great.
Once he saw his look wasn’t working too well, he diverted his eyes to the floor and curled up under his blankets. He blinked tears out as he hugged his pillow, whimpering out another broken little apology.
Oh, yeah; Jarvis. Steve was originally worried about how Tony would react to waking up alone – he didn’t want the poor thing feeling abandoned – but he forgot that he could always just ask Jarvis about their whereabouts without even sitting up. That was…nifty.
Tony, he also tends to feel like there is just
Tony grimaced at his stuttered out words. He knew he wasn’t making any sense, but that’s all he really had to offer. Either he didn’t know how to explain it further or he just didn’t want to. This was the first time in a long time he'd felt the need to explain himself to anyone, so he figured he’d done well enough.
"C'mere, sweetheart," he repeated, reaching for the sub's hand so he could pull him down towards him. He wasn't surprised when Tony obediently took a step forward and clumsily climbed into his lap. He squirmed for a few moments, trying to get back into the same position they were in in the living room. Steve accommodated him, sliding his arm under the sub's legs and cradling him like a baby once again.
he could manage this on his own. It wouldn't be the first time he'd had to do it. It wouldn't be pretty, but he could do it alone. If he let Steve see him like this...it defeated the purpose of what he'd been trying to do since he met the man. It let him in.
again, or you'll feel the Lexan paddle on your bare behind."
The Dom didn't react besides resting a hand in Tony's hair, earning him a pleased grunt. Tony knew he probably shouldn't be allowing this, let alone actively seeking it out, but it just felt so good. Besides, he was already this deep in. It's not like it really mattered whether or not he used Steve's thigh as a pillow.
Still silent, Tony squirmed around in Steve’s arms until he was comfortable. Once he’d done that and rested his head over the Dom’s heart, he let out a content sigh. Smitten, Steve kissed his hairline before silently reminding him, “It’s time to go to sleep, now, buddy. Pepper will be here soon.”
If it wasn't for someone calling her name, she probably would have pushed further, but luckily for Steve, she didn't get the chance. Steve heard the quiet conversation for a minute before Pepper was standing up and heading to where he figured she'd be getting ready to board her plane.
worse than when Pepper looked at him like that.
Steve sighed, shaking his head a little while eyeing Tony. Tony was avoiding eye contact like his life depended on it, trying to regain his calm composure. He was beginning to wish he’d started with hard liquor instead of just nursing a few beers. Keeping his guard up was honestly easier when he was drunk.
to be undesirable so nobody could hurt him ever again.
of this. But Tony didn’t want to argue. For the first time in a long time, he didn't want to argue. He was being
Not that he was expecting to really need one.
Tony couldn’t help the tearful groan he let out when his eyes landed on her. He fucking
“I know, baby boy,” she spoke softly. When she grabbed his hand, it snapped him out of his head, where he was desperately trying to grasp on to a reason to be angry – with her or with anybody, honestly – but that was only so he could get out of the guilt-ridden spiral he was riding. He was crashing and he didn’t like it, and he didn’t like that he
It was far from the first time he’d heard that. Just about anyone he'd spoken to for more than twenty minutes ended up asking some form of that question. And they all got some form of the same answer. The truth was, before Tony, he simply just wasn't looking. Life had been hectic since he came back, to say the least, and it was hardly slowing down. But one day, he started working with an organization called SHIELD, a company that happened to work very close with Stark Industries. Because of that, he met Tony. In some lab in some painfully large tower, there was a beautifully bratty submissive fearlessly smarting off to Nick Fury. It was...weird. He didn't see it coming, but he could feel it in every fiber of his being: He’d found his boy.
He didn't have much to offer back to her besides a smile and an unintelligibly affirmative hum in response to her. He knew she'd understand – she always did.
Pepper had yet to actually meet Steve, but Tony had told her plenty about him. Of course, she was only hearing bad things about him, but she knew Tony was exaggerating most of it.
When he was this far down, though, he kind of knew better. The facade had fallen away along with all of his dignity; he knew that he
Sometimes, however, he did envy submissives that enjoyed the heavier play; if he did, too, then he wouldn’t have to hate Pepper’s hairbrush so damn much. Of course, he knew she would just find something worse if push ever came to shove, but he figured a boy could dream.
“Do you want me to call Rhodes?” Steve finally asked when Tony didn't seem to be calming down at all. He moved his hand back to the sub’s hair once he realized it was doing more than the back rubbing. He was being as attentive as possible to learn some new information to utilize as well as he could.
“Kay,” he whispered, beginning to both feel and sound utterly miserable. The emotional roller coaster he was riding was beginning to take a toll on him, and he felt like he was about to crash again, “‘m in trouble?”
Once he was almost within arm's length, Steve reached out a hand for him to grab and offered him a warm smile, "Why don't you come sit with me while you tell Pepper good night? Does that sound okay?"
He eyed him for a while, fresh tears leaking out of his eyes as he considered the option. Steve prepared himself to give it up, ready to accept one more
He stopped himself before he could utter the final word:
"She says I'm..." he paused for a moment, obviously trying to force the words out before he just shrugged, "She says what you say."
There
"Do you think you can brush your teeth and wash your face for me really quick?" she asked him softly, "I know you don't like to go to bed without getting that done first."
him anything; Tony knew that, but he was still a little upset.
That same warm feeling bloomed in Steve again, and he prayed that the heat he felt in his face was not a blush. That woman who knew him and his ways the best seemed to think that Tony liked Steve back. It made him feel like a kid again, but Steve would be lying if he said the thought alone didn't make him smile.
That got her a vigorous nod and another squeeze from her submissive, who was
"I'm listening, buddy," Steve assured him, resting his head against his. He could tell by his demeanor and tone that what the sub was expressing was far from new, so he knew there wasn't much he could do about it besides deal with his hand in it and speak to Pepper in the morning, "I hear you; you're cold and you're not tired. But, do you remember what you promised Pepper?"
“You’re gonna be on your best behavior until I get home, aren’t you?” she asked after she announced she was at the airport, giving him a knowing look. He didn’t tend to do well with outside authority.
wanted, but he didn't find anything. Mostly, the man still looked fairly neutral, but he sent him a warm smile and squeezed his ankle again when their eyes met. The comforting gestures calmed some of Tony's anxiety and he sent him a bashful smile of his own before turning his attention back to the phone in his hand.
“I want to talk to Steve for a minute," she announced as Tony began to try and sit up, voice soft, "Go and get ready for bed and then he’ll give the phone back.”
Tony thought to himself. It did make more sense like this, as opposed to waiting further into her trip, but he still didn’t like it. He hadn’t even gotten a proper cuddle yet and he was already about to get his ass blistered. Had he have saw this coming, it would have been easier. But unfortunately, he didn’t figure out that she knew until it was
i'm sooo sorry for the wait - it's been an insane past several months, and i've worked on this throughout all of them, give or take.
“I think you’re a good boy. You just try and make people think you’re not, but you're still good,” Steve continued, giving Tony a quick squeeze. He was never much for believing that there were submissives that should just be labeled
"Good. I'm just making sure is all," Pepper stated before pulling away from Tony and standing up from the bed, "Did you eat last night?"
"I forgive you, baby boy," Pepper didn't hesitate to respond, patting his back firmly to accompany the words, "You know we're all done with it now. For now, you just worry about getting some more sleep. When you wake up, I'll run you a nice, hot bath. Does that sound good?"
He couldn’t stop the steady flow of tears – not that he actually put in that much effort – but he was mostly silent while he did his business. Admittedly, he may have washed his hands for a lot longer than necessary, but once that was done with that he obediently headed back into the bedroom.
"Ah," Steve couldn't help but laugh, "Now, that sounds like him."
He was nodding before Steve could finish, pushing himself up to sit. Steve couldn’t help but smile at the eager submissive; he was still adorable, naughty or not. Besides, he apologized for his bad choices and behaved for the duration of his make-shift timeout – although it was probably less than five minutes, Steve knew it wasn’t easy for Tony – so, Steve considered it taken care of. He could go back to being soft; he liked it better that way, anyway, and he was sure Tony agreed.
Even in his current bliss, Tony still managed to make a face at the mention of Steve. He
“Hey, that’s okay,” Steve soothed, snapping himself out of his thoughts after the submissive's soft apology, keeping his hands up and clear for Tony to see as he made up the distance between them, “It looks comfortable, but it’s a little wet. This one’s clean and dry. I think it would be better, don't you?”
– not something he
perfect. Unfortunately, though, he was clearly wrong.
about this, Tony. Over and over and over again. You are
Tony squirmed to help them fall down to his ankles, reaching up to rest his hands on the Dom's broad shoulders to steady himself. Once his slacks hit the floor, he quickly grabbed Steve's shirt again. He glanced up to give him a small smile in return, "I'm not going anywhere. Don't worry."
“Oh, I know, Tony,” she comforted sympathetically at the sight of his tears before continuing, “But guess what? I've got a surprise for you.”
Despite the reassuring words, Tony gave him a teary, wary look. When it became clear that suggestion wasn't good enough for him either, Steve had to bite back a sigh. He was running out of options, and he was considering just letting Tony have his way. One night in a slightly-worn t-shirt wouldn't be the death of him. It did feel like a few steps in the wrong direction when it came to establishing his dominance and demonstrating his ability to properly care for him, but he was okay with choosing his battles. They made some huge strides in the last few hours and he didn't want to blow it over a shirt.
easy, though. This was one of those things he had to go
“And what did you do when you overrode the code, Anthony?”
, "Don't feel good, Pep."
“I will admit, though,” Steve chuckled once he realized Tony had nothing else to say, patting the other man’s stubbly cheek before dropping his hands, “You and your act are adorable. I’m gonna get back to the party, okay? I think you should join me soon before people start to worry.”
The slew of praise and the idea of rewards brightened Tony's mood a little as he gave another enthusiastic nod, "Yes, ma'am. I'll be good."
"I'm just as happy to see him," she sighed out fondly, glancing behind Steve and down the hallway in search of her submissive, "Where is he?"
“Easy,” he murmured, placing his hands on the man’s shoulders. Tony flinched at the touch, not expecting it despite the fact that Steve's movement was slow. The last time he'd ended up in such a vulnerable position with a Dominant he didn't know too well...it didn't end well. And Tony didn't want to be taken advantage of
He kept up with comforting gestures as he focused on the movie. Tony was boneless in Steve's arms, not bothering to turn around for several minutes. Just when Steve though he'd managed to fall asleep, he turned his face away from him with a yawn. Steve loosened his grip when he began to squirm, allowing him to reposition himself so he could see the TV.
“I know, sweet boy. Trust me, I know,” she told him softly. Her voice was sad, as it always was when he brought something like this up,  “I’ve told you, no matter what, you’ll always be my boy. I know it’s hard right now, but you know that’s only because I’ve been gone for so long. I’m usually only a phone call away and you know that.”
touch. So, he tentatively scooted a little closer so he could rest his head on Steve's thigh.
Tony knew she wasn’t wrong. She hardly ever was, honestly, he just didn’t always like it.
Tony sniffled hard at that, turning his face a little as to make his voice clearer, “But I’m
Except, apparently, it kind of was.
“I can tell, honey," she chuckled lightly as Tony pushed his head up against Steve's hand like a cat, obviously wanting more friction. This was a side of him that usually only she got to see.
the last few weeks of Pepper’s trip, Tony had been downright horrible to almost everyone around him. Not to mention the part where he was barely eating or sleeping. From the looks of it, she wasn’t punishing him for that stuff, too, though, and that helped Tony bite down on any further argument for the time being.
Despite everything running through his mind, he was ready to get home to shower. But, that couldn’t come first, though. Not with the night he just had. In the long run, he knew the shower could wait another hour. First, he needed to talk to Sam.
"Thank God," she joked, sounding relieved, "I had a nifty little set-up where Jarvis reported back to me whenever Tony was knowingly misbehaving, but he went out of his way to disable that about a month into this trip. He's under the impression I still don't know. Since he's already due to be dealt with for
To that, Tony couldn't help but smile. He didn't need her to say that to know it was true, "I know you aren't."
going to hurt him. I'm aware of what I'm doing, and I'd appreciate it if you'd allow me the chance to work on him. Is that okay with you?"
the code, Tony? How long have you known it?”
The smile Tony gave him in response was small but warm, eyes crinkling a little as he gave him a small nod, “Okay...”
Tony couldn’t help but spit the word out, venomously emphasizing it. It’s not that he
it is that you did?”
to get ready for bed. He
got back – but he
about it, "
"You must be Pepper," Steve greeted her warmly, stopping at the end of the hallway to lean against the wall. When she turned around to look at him, he smiled, "I've heard a lot about you, Mrs. Potts."
“Alright,” Steve started gruffly, swinging down to grab the pair of worn slacks from the ground before turning to face the other way, “Go ahead. I’m not looking.”
“Yes?” Steve asked him, voice as gentle as always as he re-approached him. Tony thought maybe this gentleness was just Steve trying to avoid setting him off, but then he remembered what Steve had told him: he didn't
“Yes, there is!” Tony sobbed, his frantic words sounding muffled, “She doesn't have
"Good. You shouldn't," she spoke bluntly before continuing in a somewhat lighter tone, "Oh, and just a heads up? Enjoy your time with the adorable and cuddly him tonight, because when he wakes up clear-headed and realizes what the hell happened, there's gonna be hell to pay. For all of us."
"Right." Steve confirmed, not realizing that she was expecting an answer for a moment, "He’s just had a few beers, I think. He didn’t seem impaired."
"It was just...
He also knew that she wasn’t letting this go and he wasn’t getting away with it. The logical part of his brain
Tony just nodded. He knew once he was punished, they were done with it. It was comforting, and even though he couldn’t always stop punishing himself, it felt good to be forgiven by his Pepper. It still made most, if not all of the guilt go away.
did, but an actual infraction. Despite Pepper’s absence, he’d actually considered himself doing well. Was his behavior good? No, not in the slightest. But, he hadn’t done anything
Tony gripped at Steve's shirt when he stepped back, not allowing him to pull too far away before he spoke, "I really don't think pajamas are gonna make too much of a difference, Sir."
“Six glorious days,” she chuckled as she dropped their mugs off into the sink, “And then back to LA to my girl. I’m sure you won’t stay away for an entire six days, though – I’ll be seeing you around, too.”
His defense mechanism seemed to be to make himself as undesirable as possible so nobody would bother him. It wasn’t what you would call an uncommon reaction for a submissive with Tony’s past. After ending up in an abusive bond, let alone multiple abusive bonds, it’s normal for a submissive to want to refrain from another for a while. There’s an unexplainable amount of trust that a sub is meant to put into their Dom. After previously having that trust broken and twisted into something else entirely, a submissive may be hesitant to put that trust into someone else. In Steve’s opinion, that was more than understandable.
to, “I...don't mean to be like this. I just...am.”
Mission fucking accomplished.
“You will hush, Anthony,” Pepper scolded before he could finish, sending him a disapproving look through the phone. They'd been there before, “You know that Helen will be just fine for a couple of days. I am coming to see
"No, ma'am, he didn't do anything," Tony answered dutifully, working to keep the annoyance out of his voice. He knew his Domme just worried; she also took it
“The real me is no better,” he grumbled, pushing his face back into Steve’s chest. He obviously wasn’t very interested in what he had to say.
Pepper visibly deflated, letting out a long breath before she settled for a nod, "Thanks, Steve - For everything, really. I don't want to think about what could have happened if you would have let him go down on his own."
“I’m sorry,” Tony finally offered after a long moment of silence, anxiously picking at his comforter. This all still sucked – he didn’t want to be spanked, and he
keep your hands to yourself. Do you understand me?”
“No, you shouldn’t have,” Pepper answered shortly, letting her arms fall to her sides. Tony had to fight the urge to roll his eyes; although she did lighten her tone, that response was much less encouraging than he was hoping for. Clearly, she was taking this pretty seriously. Tony knew that was bad news for his behind.
"Love you, too, mama," he quickly assured her, smiling as well, "Please fly safe, okay? You promised to be here in the morning, so you have to."
His admiration was cut short when Tony softly announced that he was finished changing, prompting Steve to turn around and smile at him, “Good boy. I knew you could do it.”
sound but otherwise ready to comply. He moved his hands up to scrub at his eyes before he finally dropped them and stilled completely.
"Oh, trust me, it doesn't take much to do that,” Pepper informed him with dry amusement, clearly accustomed to this behavior, “You wouldn’t be able to tell by the way he may usually behave, but he is
“Really,” she confirmed with a soft smile, “For you and you only. I’ll be there around seven; I am expecting you to be
“Uh…nothing?” Tony tried, with a pitiful shrug. He visibly winced at how horribly this was already going in his favor. Sometimes, he was a quick thinker and a smooth talker and he knew how to work his way out of things. Today, though, he just didn't have it in him. He was still reeling from the previous night, and if this conversation ended the way Tony had a bad feeling it would, he would likely be going right back down. He was too mentally drained to give too much of a defense.
he was wrong, but even though Pepper was right – he felt like she didn’t trust him and although she had good reason, it still kind of hurt Tony’s feelings. If he would just take care of himself, or at least tell the truth about
done something Tony wouldn't forgive.
Her smile didn't falter but it became more sympathetic as she added, "It’s okay. Thank you for trying, sweetheart."
His words were slurring, causing Steve to bite back a cooing sound. He was slipping further and further away and apparently, he was regressing as he did so.
Anthony seemed to have cried out the last of his fight because he just nodded, wrapping one arm around Steve’s waist and using the other to grip the front of his shirt. His eyes actually closed for a while, but after a few minutes, he was squirming in Steve’s hold to try to face the other way. Steve allowed it at first, but once he realized Tony was trying to face the TV, he put a stop to it,
"Yes, please, sir," he voiced in the most polite tone Steve ever heard him use after a moment of just nodding. His eyes were hopeful and bright, and he was practically vibrating in his spot. Steve was sure his heart was some kind of puddle by then.
He’d tried to find someone - more than once - but nobody could ever handle him. He ended up getting beat, fucked, and left more times than he wanted to admit because he didn’t know how to just be
"Then you have nothing to apologize for, Steve," she assured him quickly, "He is a big boy, after all. If he didn't want you touching him, trust me, he would
"That means we've gotta get you in your bed," he informed him once he was sure he had nothing to say, running a hand up and down his back, "So you can rest like you promised her. I doubt you can do that too well in what you're wearing."
, not because he felt like he
. Tony was impressively stubborn, Steve would give him that, but he knew he could outlast him. It just wouldn’t be all that fun.
Steve stayed in his place on the arm of the couch after he finished taking off Tony’s shoes (undoubtedly unaware of how expensive the piece of furniture was) and stayed there for the remainder of Tony and Pepper’s conversation. He was silent, but he did keep a comforting grasp on Tony’s ankle. The submissive was appreciative, but he still would have preferred to be back in his lap. He definitely wasn’t about to ask, though, so he just settled for the periodic ankle squeezes Steve was giving him. It was better than nothing, after all.
"Go ahead and give him the phone, Tony," she directed when he didn't answer, her voice a little harder, "It won't take long, sweet boy."
. His bed seemed to have swallowed him whole and he felt fuzzy in the best kind of ways. He enjoyed this, and very thoroughly, for about sixty seconds. Then, he remembered.
Tony Stark, ever the stubborn idiot, chose to shake his head again slowly and muster up an innocent look, “I haven’t done anything, ma’am.”
“Wait!”
it so much..."
“Okay, good,” she answered quickly, seeming to get the answer she was expecting, “Then we can continue this conversation. Are you ready to talk about the
"I'm just not..." there was another long pause before Tony finally forced himself to say it, "I'm just not
He thought back to the conversation he’d just witnessed a couple of moments ago and how Pepper had told Tony that what had happened to him wasn't his fault. By then, Steve had pretty much figured out that Tony was abused, but that was all the confirmation he didn’t need. He had to stop himself from flat out asking about it right then and there, but when Tony practically begged Pepper to change the subject, he figured it wasn't the time. If Tony didn't want him to know, which he very clearly didn't, then it wasn't his place to know. That required a level of trust Steve figured they had a while to reach. He didn’t mind waiting, but he still hoped it would be sooner than later when he got a better look at the sub’s past. At least then he could know what he was working with.
And even through the fog, Tony was annoyed to find that he was...bothered by Steve's abrupt departure. He didn't quite understand it; had Steve been there when he woke up, he knew he would have been
“Night, Steve,” Tony sighed out, content. He took a fistful of Steve’s shirt and closed his eyes. This time, they actually
Tony snorted at that, "Have you met me?"
a put upon sigh, but that was the only sound Tony made before he tilted his head up and closed his eyes, silently giving Steve permission.
to mean something.
The pair sat in comfortable silence for nearly an hour, only moving when Tony squirmed into a more comfortable position and Steve accommodated. Steve had been secretly praying he'd doze off on his own but unfortunately, he was too stubborn to give in like that. Pepper obviously wasn't exaggerating when she said he came with long nights. Despite the fact that he was visibly exhausted, he seemed to have no plans of actually going to sleep. He was just as interested in the film as he was when it started and Steve was feeling thankful that he himself didn't require much sleep.
It dawned on Tony that he'd been too busy cursing Steve to remember that his
"First time since you've been back?" she asked, amused, "Because I think that may classify as more than just
“Goodnight, Anthony,” Steve almost cooed, scratching Tony’s scalp in the way that made him purr. He was already learning him - or the basics, at least.
Lucky for the both of them, Steve obviously knew what he was doing with a panicky, dropping submissive, because he saw the signs and he immediately reacted.
The face pressed against Steve's chest was still wet with tears but he seemed to breathe in the other man's scent for a moment. He did it a few times before he finally turned his head and nodded towards the phone, "Can I talk to Pep, please?"
, you know? It’s highly impressive, to say the least.”
“I...S-sorry,” Tony forced himself to ground out, feeling too weak for his liking. He
It was hard, but Steve remained firm. Tony had two options and whether he liked it or not, he was going to have to pick one or one would be picked for him.
him and Steve. He wished it didn't have to be
“Steve?” Tony almost whispered after a few minutes passed, eyes opening and looking up at Steve with the same puppy dog look he’d been rocking for hours (give or take a few petulant moments). Once Steve glanced down at him, he averted his eyes and shyly continued, “Are you gonna tell Pepper about…earlier?”
want to handle a tantrum, so he knew he needed to tread lightly. It was either that or let him do whatever he pleased, and Steve
Tony usually wouldn’t admit that out loud. He knew it was selfish and he hated putting her in that position, but it was true. And he was too caught up in himself to care how it sounded. It was true.
Steve figured that was true all along, but this time he accepted it and confirmed so with a quick nod. Curiosity began to overtake him before the subject could change, though, and he couldn't help but ask something.
“Call her!” Tony ordered, even as he resettled in his lap. Steve wanted to reprimand him for being so pushy, but he figured that they weren’t at that level yet nor was this the time. Besides, he sounded so young and cute; he couldn’t bring himself to do it.
Tony grumbled a little about how he wasn't tired again but still huddled against his chest as they walked. He did make a noise of protest when he was set onto the bathroom tile, and once Steve stepped back from him he began to whine, "
“No!” he whined yet again, sounding more and more like a child each time, “Pepper lets me keep it on!”
The warm-up portion of his spanking was over a little too quickly for Tony's liking and he was regretting whining about it as much as he did. He always seemed to forget that what came next hurt worse. How he managed to forget, he wasn't sure. Pepper's go-to implement for as long as he could remember had been her hairbrush, but the sting of those first few swats,
She paused for a moment at that, face falling some as she looked at Steve to confirm, “None of those, either, right?”
“No,” Tony managed to whisper when he realized he was being led back inside, trying to still his feet, “I’m o-okay...I don’t need-“
"Thank God," she chuckled, heading towards the kitchen, "I'll leave him be, then. He needs as much sleep as he can get."
“Mm-hmm,” she hummed her confirmation as she took a sip from her mug, leaning against a countertop across from him, “He’s gotten himself used to sleeping, or not sleeping, whenever he pleases. I’m sure he hated being made to actually lie down last night, which explains the tantrum. Usually, though, when I’m here, I try to keep him on a schedule. If it’s routine, he doesn’t fight it as hard and the nightmares aren’t so bad.”
Tony felt tears sting at the back of his eyes as his eyes, a wave of pure misery washing over him as he accepted his fate. There was an easy way and a hard way; a lot of the time, Anthony took the hard way. This time around, though, he’d just gotten his Domme back and was already coming down off of an eventful night. He didn’t think he had the energy to argue or kick up too much of a fuss, but he still wasn’t happy about it.
Tony had jerked at the unexpected sound, causing Steve to take his hands away. Steve stopped
The nickname took Steve by surprise, but he bit it down before it could show on his face. He'd never heard him call or refer to her as that before, so he figured it was something that happened when he was deep in his space. If Tony ever regressed far enough to actually be considered a little, he was sure Pepper would have mentioned that to him. As long as she was in his life by then, and considering the fact that they'd never been sexually or romantically involved, he probably did look at her as a motherly figure even though they were nearly the same age. Steve would have been lying if he said he wasn't curious to learn more, but despite his curiosity, Steve reminded himself that it wasn't his business. Not yet, at least. When it was, he would be sure to bring it up to Pepper.
go to sleep.”
“Are you sure about that, Tony?” Pepper pressed, eyebrows furrowing as she stared intently at Tony. His heart dropped at the look because,
Tony just sniffled in response, giving her a small nod. In Pepper's book, there was a fine line between 'expressing his feelings' and 'self-deprecation', and he had a feeling that the conversation he'd just had with Steve might have been closer to the latter. What he was not about to do, however, was tell her that. He didn't want her finding a reason to actually be upset with him.
’ he thought to himself as he tried to remember how to breathe again, ‘
because his very presence forced Tony to face things he'd been doing just fine ignoring for years. So, yeah, stupid fucking Steve.
"When do you need to leave?" she asked Steve, not bothering to put the camera back on her before she spoke, "I'm gonna get a hold of Rhodey and see if he can come up there. I don't want him to be left alone tonight."
Instead, he chose to stare up at the ceiling and seethe for several minutes. As everything came rushing back to him – the cuddles, the crying, the tantrum, the timeout, the falling asleep in his fucking
when I arrive, Anthony. Do you understand me?”
"Sorry, sir," the A.I. interrupted their moment as the volume of the movie dropped drastically, somehow sounding apologetic, "The volume was never adjusted from the last time you used your viewing area."
Tony nodded vigorously with a smile on his face, cheeks turning red. Deep down, he knew this was just Pepper trying to leave him in the best possible spirits before she had to hang up. But, he also knew that whether he believed it or not, she definitely did. And because of that, her words were like music to his ears.
He tried not to dwell on it for the rest of the time they had to talk. Pepper easily took his mind off the subject after he nodded his assent, asking about what he wanted for breakfast the following morning and then stressing to him that he
big, but it wasn't that big), but because he was just so drained. That didn't mean he wanted to sleep, because he definitely did not, but it did mean he'd just rather be curled up with stupid Steve.
He didn't feel like going into detail, but he
That’s not to say he had a problem with Helen; he absolutely loved her and she was one of his best friends. He just more than missed having Pepper to himself. Everything was so much easier back then. He didn't have to go Dom-less so often and he really didn’t have to worry about whether he wanted to keep stupid Steve around or not.
Steve chuckled at the squirming submissive’s awful lying, “Uh-huh. Where are your PJ’s, Anthony?”
. I told you, I miss my favorite boy.”
Tony blanched as he realized they were clearly talking about two different incidents. Which
“Because of a few shitty dominants and having Howard
The complete silence of the elevator snapped Tony back to reality. It was a big step down from the loud music and conversations that had previously been background noise. He didn’t like the silence; his ears were ringing and the sound of his uneven, shallow breathing was now all too clear to him. Tony somewhat registered Steve asking Jarvis which floor he needed. Tony wanted to be offended that he didn't ask him, but he figured he wouldn't have been able to give him an answer. By then, he barely knew his own name. He didn't know much of anything besides he wanted Pepper.
good,” he managed to stress after a minute, forcing his eyes open again so he could attempt to glare at Steve, “You just dunno yet. You’ll see.”
Jarvis went ignored. Tony chose to keep his face pressed into the muscular chest presented to him instead. Steve continued to hold him tightly, cradling his head with the same hand he was using to play in his hair. He wanted to coo at him and praise him for how well he was doing - how easily he was allowing himself to be taken care of even though it was scary. He was relaxed, practically purring in his lap and Steve could tell that the contact and the fingers in his hair had him floating again. What he absolutely was not about to do was ruin that by overwhelming him with too much, too soon. So, he settled for a simple
, she knew. She just wanted to see if he would tell on himself, first. She was usually less upset if he did that, and it often showed in his spankings, but admitting to any naughtiness was not (nor did Tony think it ever would be) easy for him.
good. At all.
to give it to him. The only way she could force him into anything would be to go through the legal system and get him deemed unfit. It was a long, extensive process that would just end with Tony resenting her, the dominant he'd been paired with, and anyone else who had anything to do with it. Steve didn't have to know the sub personally to know that he'd just end up making everyone else as miserable as him until he got his way.
"Goodnight, mama."
have let you touch him. You couldn't have known he'd react like this. It isn't your fault."
wasn’t even about that, though.
Almost as soon as he mumbled the words out, Pepper laid down the final set of swats on the crease of his ass, right where all his weight goes when he sits. To this, all he could do was let out another miserable howl, bucking over his Domme's lap. It was a shorter set than she usually finished off with, but Tony chopped that up to her being soft with him because she missed him. That may have got him a lighter punishment than he deserved, but he wasn't about to complain. His ass hurt plenty, and the sick, guilty feeling at the bottom of his stomach was now the least of his worries.
night, he hadn’t really gotten any sleep, and he was vaguely aware of how gross he was starting to feel in his clothes, given how long he’d been in them, but he felt gratified in a way that he hadn’t in a long time. Once he stepped into the elevator, still wearing a smile, he realized that he left his suit jacket somewhere in Tony’s bedroom.
thing, now?”
Steve shook his head fondly, figuring he should have seen the smart-assed response coming. He was glad Tony was beginning to feel comfortable enough with him to be bratty again. A sassy submissive was one who knew he was safe. For the time being, that was all Steve wanted.
didn’t want to be spanked when Pepper
Steve wasn't sure if he'd do fine or not, but he nodded nonetheless. He wasn't sure why he doubted himself all of sudden, either, but he most definitely was. He didn't really get nervous. Especially not about basic sub-care. The fact that this was
' categories. They could all come along at their own pace, for the most part.
“Really?” Tony almost squeaked, not bothered by how childlike he undoubtedly looked and sounded. This was
It didn’t hurt, not in the slightest, but it did manage to momentarily piss Steve off. And
Was that...a compliment? An insult? Tony didn’t know what to make of it, but he knew Steve was wrong. No amount of help could steer Tony straight. He just knew it, and he didn't want anyone to waste their time trying.
“Maybe I could say the same about you, Anthony," he opted to change the subject, not feeling up to explaining things he hardly understood himself, "Why don't
“Right,” Steve agreed with a laugh. Her words reminded him that it could have gone a lot worse, “Just a little tantrum about having to lie down. He didn’t try to take off, but I was prepared for it, nonetheless.”
his choice and he had no intention of making her feel as if it was, but he was sure that if asked, Tony would prefer his presence to Rhodey's, which is why he didn't bother saying that it was up to him. He wasn't in the best state of mind to be making his own decisions, so it was up to Pepper to make the choice that she thought would be in the sub's best interest. Steve was just about to apologize for even bringing it up when Pepper finally spoke.
"He headed out just a few minutes ago," Pepper informed him, still combing her fingers through his hair, "Was he as
“You don’t get this a lot, do you?” Steve asked bringing up his other hand to cup Tony’s cheek when he started letting his head loll against his shoulder. When the submissive let his head rest in his hand and his eyes closed, he smiled, “Yeah. I can tell. Poor thing.”
His head turned to the side ever so slightly, as if he was a curious puppy as he regarded him. He continued to observe for a little while longer before he asked, “Why don’t you have one, already?”
, little boy.”
eat a lot this time, understood?"
? His eyes were trained on the floor when he finally quietly answered her, “You
“I do,” Tony whimpered. He did know that. When Pepper was in New York, she came when he called. No questions asked. Helen didn't mind, and she didn't need half as much attention as Tony required. So when he needed Pepper, she was usually available. But Pepper hadn’t been there in almost three months, so her absence was becoming Tony’s new normal and it was affecting his mental, “Just...miss you.”
“No, buddy, not yet, not if you don’t want to,” he stopped to face Tony, giving him a soft smile, “You can sit with me as long as you promise to try to get some sleep. We can’t stay up all night watching Star Wars, no matter how appealing that may seem to you. It is bedtime, Anthony, okay?”
By the time he made it to his room, he just wanted to crash onto the leather sofa placed conveniently in the middle of his space and call it a day. Not because it was a particularly long walk from the living area to his bedroom (his floor
didn’t want to go to bed. It was nothing I couldn’t handle.”
Tony rolled his eyes, feigning annoyance at the teasing. He knew Pepper never believed him when he complained about Steve, but she definitely wouldn't now, "
Despite having a plan, he figured he could refrain from sharing it with the submissive for the duration of his timeout. Tony, despite being borderline dramatically upset, would be just fine. Steve wanted him thinking over his behavior, after all. The comfort Tony was getting from him was already a soft touch; Steve figured it could do without getting any softer.
"I'll be sure to keep a close eye on him," Steve assured her with a nod, "I don't want him to be sorer than necessary, either."
“I’m still getting used to Jarvis,” Steve admitted after a moment, chuckling despite himself, “He’s…interesting.”
don't paddle me!"
Except, that didn’t really matter, because Pepper clearly already fucking
He knew he wouldn’t be getting a respectful response at that point, but he figured he would offer him one last chance before he chose for him. He was expecting some wailing and flailing, but he was
"It's no problem, Pepper, honestly. I would never just let a shocky sub roam around a party on his own," Steve assured, mildly annoyed by the fact that what he did could be considered anything besides basic human decency. Even if he wasn't interested in Tony, he would have helped take care of him or found someone who could.
him. Tony didn’t like that.
“Why do you think that?” Steve cut in, completely ignoring the glare being sent his way. Tony wasn't sure, but it seemed like he was trying to save him from some of Pepper's scolding, “Why do you do that to yourself?”
He didn't necessarily regret petting Tony on the balcony – had he truly not wanted it, he wouldn’t have allowed it. And he definitely wouldn't have melted into Steve’s touch the way he did. The poor thing was obviously as touch starved as they come and in need of some attention. Still, the fact that he accepted it from Steve made it clear that he didn't hate the super solider as much as he pretended to. That didn't mean Steve felt any less terrible for accidentally breaking him into a bunch of little pieces. It most definitely wasn't a part of his plan to get Tony to open up.
he was wrong. And that dreadful feeling in his stomach grew stronger and he kind of wanted Pepper to fix it, “I…I know I shouldn’t have done that, okay?”
had the energy to argue from his bed, and he was already opening his mouth to ask the Dom who the
without one.
His mind was still cloudy so the question mostly just confused him; he didn’t really realize what they'd been talking about could potentially get him in trouble until it was too late.
I believe that you won't hurt him, but you listen to me, Steve Rogers," Pepper spoke after a stretch of quiet, her voice deathly serious and her facial expression matching it perfectly, "If I find out that you even
, and he was sure he'd figured it out. He'd managed to set Jarvis to tell Pepper
It took the words a moment to register, his mind still stuck between being threatened by Pepper and pining over Tony, but once they did, he blinked hard a few times and replied, "Yes?"
The relief she felt about the lack of bad dreams seemed to be stumped by that news, but she just settled for a sigh and a nod, “That’s better than nothing. I just hope he’ll stay asleep for a while; he needs it.”
Pepper, and having her back was already like therapy, even if it wasn't for very long.
After a moment of thinking, Steve decided to try and wait it out; either Tony would start to relax for him or Pepper would call back and help him handle his emotions. If neither of those things happened soon, then he would reevaluate his options. For the time being, he was as comforting and warm as he could be. From what he could tell, Tony liked to be close.
"You look comfortable," she commented casually, her voice warm as she spoke to him, "Is Steve treating you okay?"
things to say about me, too.”
, Tony thought to himself as he realized what the
“Of course you’re not in trouble, Tony,” she assured him quickly, sounding exasperated, “You didn't do anything wrong. You're being a very good boy and I'm proud of you for letting Steve take such good care of you.”
A part of him knew that he needed to. He simply could not keep on as he had been, but the way he'd been going was so
worse.
Tony's brain was clearly deciding to trust this large, ancient, behemoth of a man and he was in no position to fight it. There was still a little fear creeping around in the back of his mind that reminded him that Steve could easily just hang up the phone and have his way with him, but he forced it down. Steve wouldn't. He just...wouldn't.
“I think maybe we should get you up to your floor, Anthony,” Steve recommended softly after he got a look at the boy's scared, doe like eyes. He turning him around by his shoulders so they could begin to walk towards the doors, “I don’t want you dropping out here.”
“Uh, have her call me, Jarvis,” Steve instructed carefully, handing Tony his phone. When he curled up against his chest again and waited patiently for the phone to ring, Steve felt his heart flutter. He was actively seeking him out for comfort. Intentional or not, that was a start.
Steve let out a low, amused sound as he resumed the petting, obviously not caring how pushy the submissive was being, “That's better, your highness?”
don’t know what the hell you’re talking about, Rogers,” Tony spat out, his usual anger and flat out brattiness out coming back to him. He didn’t want to do this, but he had to. Or at least that’s what he kept telling himself.
With that being said, Tony was still obviously in need of a lot more than whatever he was getting. If his behavior was always as bad as it had been in the weeks she’d been away, then something needed to give. Just like every Submissive, he deserved someone who could give him their full and undivided attention. Pepper couldn’t give him that and unfortunately, he wasn't going to get that while he was actively running away from it.
"I love you, mama," Tony made sure to remind her before he could doze off, nuzzling against her breasts and hugging her tightly, "'m so sorry about what I did."
Steve didn’t intend to outright praise Tony like that, but he couldn't help it. Right in front of him, there was a sad submissive who was obediently doing something he disliked, despite the fact that it upset him even further. How was he supposed to just sit back and ignore that? He deserved a little praise. Despite the fact that Tony wasn't his submissive nor was he even the one who gave him the order, the soft ‘good boy’ seemed right.
," Steve couldn't help but laugh even though he knew it wasn't the most appropriate response, "This is just
counts as ready for bed, Anthony," Steve lightly scolded as he caught sight of the sub still sprawled out across the couch. He feigned stern, but Tony could mostly tell he was just teasing, "Considering how you're not even
Tony wasn't afraid of a lot, not anymore, but at that moment he was petrified. He didn't want it to happen again! He couldn't let it!
much, and I am so proud of you. You're doing such a good job. If I get a good report in the morning, we'll discuss rewards. Okay, sweet boy?"
He couldn’t help but whine as she got him situated; head, chest, and shoulders resting on the bed while his ass stuck up over her lap and his legs dangled helplessly behind him. It was a position all too familiar to both of them, and Tony quickly reached up to snag a pillow from the head of the bed; he liked to have something to hold on to. Once he seemed comfortable, Pepper spread her thighs just enough for his soft cock to dangle between them. Tony knew it was so he couldn’t get any friction against her legs, but he never wanted any, anyway.
Though Steve was sure he would deny it, Tony was barely keeping himself upright at that point. He blinked sleepily up at the Dom, patiently waiting for whatever was next. Once Steve was more comfortable, he moved back towards the bed and sat on the edge next to Tony. The sub didn’t wait until Steve was comfortable to climb back into his lap, so he had to finish getting himself adjusted against the headboard with a lapful of Tony.
Pepper was running her hands through her hair while Steve was pining like a little boy, and a deep sigh pulled his attention back to the screen. She seemed both frustrated and relieved by what Steve had told her, and he could tell the thought of him hurting Tony had obviously been plaguing her for a while now.
things, I'm sure?"
It dawned on Steve that he didn't even like say the
"I won't be leaving, Pepper," he assured her quietly, patiently. He was hardly even able to hear her out without cutting her off. A lot had changed while he was in the ice; there were a lot of things he found himself unsure of anymore. However, he was
. Sometimes, his brain was stubborn; it wouldn’t just give in like it was meant to. It didn’t stop fighting until his ass was on fire and his body was exhausted. He hated those times the most and he was glad that this was going to be one of them.
if he set him off. He had already made it very clear that he wasn’t scared of Tony.
Tony wanted to be good.
Some odd and small part of Steve wanted to laugh again. The sub he was after apparently came with a warning label.
"I'm glad to hear that," Pepper responded mechanically, not pausing her onslaught on his behind to speak, "You
. He would have gotten his way that night, either way, it just happened to be incredibly easy.
“He’s embarrassed and he doesn't want to go to sleep, but he’ll be fine for a few minutes,” she spoke, sounding sure of herself before her demeanor suddenly changed, “Now, what
Tony gave a low chuckle, but he didn’t sound all that amused. Steve was expecting a response, but one never came. Instead, he curled a little closer into Steve, took a handful of his shirt, and let out a little sigh. For a moment, he wondered if he managed to upset him again, but when he nuzzled his face into his chest he figured they were still good. He repeated the same actions as earlier before he turned back to the movie. It was back to silence for a while after that.
He felt himself relax some under Steve's heavy hands - at least it wouldn't be
“I’m glad to hear that, Anthony,” Steve admonished, patting his back a few times before standing up, “But I’d still like you to stay put for a little while.”
For the first time since he'd been on the phone, Pepper seemed to actually look at him. Not glare in an angry or accusatory fashion, but just actually take a look at him. After a moment, her features softened further and she smiled, "You know, I've heard a lot about you, Mr. Rogers."
sweet boy. He could be as big of a brat as he needed to be and that wouldn't change. That would never fail to make him feel at least a little better.
Tony must have mistaken Steve's momentary silence for displeasure because he quietly whimpered, squirming in his spot, "I'm sorry..."
“I can go to sleep with it on!” Tony fought his case, and Steve cursed himself when he noticed his eyes were welling up with tears again. He was
sick of waiting. He was happy that she was happy, that was for sure, but he would be lying is he said he didn't miss having her to himself. That was selfish, even Tony could see that, so he usually refrained from sharing that information with her. That didn't make it any less true.
easier.
She didn't seem to understand that he wasn't really afraid that Steve was going to hang up and hurt him anymore; he just didn't want them to keep talking about him behind his back. He kind of knew that was silly, though.
He wasn’t sure how comfortable he was omitting some of the truth from Pepper, especially so soon, but Tony’s little voice was just so
A familiar wave of guilt seemed to wash over him as he was forced to remember that this wasn't very fair for
tired! Why aren't you listening to me?!"
She changed the subject after that, successfully pulling Tony into a better mood than the one he'd just slipped down into. Tony happily chatted with his former Dominant about anything besides Steve. The second she even tried to touch on that subject, Tony would clam up and start talking about something else. He didn't want to talk about Steve. He didn't want to think about him. He just wanted him to leave him alone.
that Tony was referring to was, but he knew he wanted to kick every single one of their asses. He did
he can not properly consent to right now, if there is a single hair out of place or a mark on that boy, so help me
"'Kay," he agreed, fighting back a yawn, "I'll try. But what if I get bored? Or hungry?"
“We’re done with it,” Steve settled on his decision, giving Tony’s back a few firm pats with the hand resting there, “It’s dealt with so there’s no reason for me to go tattling on you to Pepper; not for something so small. Is that gonna be okay with you?”
“Oh," Tony was surprised to hear that; Steve liked to annoy him, so he figured he would want to stick around do so for a while, "He left?”
, sir!”
Steve could literally see Tony hold himself back as he nodded vigorously, obviously more than pleased with the idea. He wasn't surprised; he could tell Tony wanted back in his lap since the moment they made him get out of it. The attention and touch meant everything to him and it was obvious, he was just too stubborn and proud to actually ask.
Tony was sniffling pitifully, but he perked up a little at the sound of that, "W-what is it?"
, that couldn't be all of it. It was just Steve. For whatever reason, Steve had that effect on him. He'd just learned that the hard way.
“Have one of what, sweetheart?” Steve asked softly, eyebrows furrowing. The blue light from the TV was the only lighting in the room, and the way it hit Tony’s face made him look as beautiful as ever. His eyes sparkled in the low light as he looked up at him.
"Yes, ma'am," he answered softly, offering her one more small smile, "I love you."
could have done that."
"And you think we're both lying?" Steve asked with a raised eyebrow, still smiling at him as he pushed his hair off of his forehead. It had started off neat and slicked back, but all of his petting and combing his fingers through it had caused it to start sticking up.
Pepper’s laugh was loud this time, even from down the hallway, “I can’t wait!”
“I don’t think you give yourself enough credit,” Steve finally spoke, interrupting Tony’s thoughts, “I think if you had a little bit of guidance, you’d be just fine, Anthony. But of course, I don't think you want that.”
“I overrode your code,” he ground out after a moment, focusing on another deep breath before continuing, “For Jarvis.”
"I know," he appeased softly, quickly locating the neatly folded pile of clothing on an empty counter near the bathtub, "We're gonna get you into your pajamas so you can get some sleep."
Tony just made a face at him, which Steve figured was a result of him referring to his bedclothes by such a childish name, and gave him yet another shrug.
This time, he did laugh and it was loud and openly. It had barely been five minutes since Tony'd left - he doubted that the sub had even managed to get out of his suit and into sleep attire by then. Nevertheless, it was entertaining and adorable that he was already calling for them again.
was about him going over her head (or behind her back, really) and intentionally disabling a protocol she put in place and then keeping it from her. Tony knew how wrong that was and the more he thought of it, an uneasy feeling began to set in the pit of his stomach. From plenty of experience, he’d come to know this feeling as guilt.
There was a pause, and then a tired sigh, “I should have called Rhodey myself and told him he needed help, but Tony just
He nodded to himself, grateful for the A.I's help. He could clearly be useful when Tony was choosing to be petulant. Steve couldn't help but chuckle when Tony rolled his eyes and grunted up at the ceiling. He clearly didn't want to have to change his clothes, and Jarvis blew that for him.
be eating breakfast the following morning. He didn't put up too much of a fight, just mentioning that he won't be hungry (because he's
"Fortunately enough, yes. He usually isn't completely inconsolable," Pepper breathed out, already sounding relieved Steve's attempt to get her mind on to something she could actively help with seeming to work, "As I said earlier, he loves comfort. He thrives off any affection in general, for the most part, but he specifically likes to be cuddled. And I noticed you already figured out his fixation with having his hair played with."
“Anthony, you will go to bed or it will
Tony didn’t seem to care about the way he was dressed until Steve pointed it out to him, but even then he just shrugged and pushed at the waistline of his pants. It didn’t take long before he’d given up with no progress, "'m not tired."
Tony, hence why she sounded so angry.
visibly more upset after Pepper's digital departure, but Steve definitely expected worse of a reaction than he was receiving. If there was going to be a tantrum, it wasn't unlikely that it would be delayed, but at least it wasn't immediate. Preparing himself for the worst, he pushed it to the back of his mind and tried not to fret. He would have to ride out Tony's moods as they came. For now, he seemed fine, so Steve acted accordingly.
It wasn’t often Steve found himself lost, but this time he was. He wasn't ashamed to admit that he had been trying to get at Tony since he met him. It started off as a challenge, but the more time he spent with him and the more he figured out, the deeper it got.
He felt his lip twitch partly in anger, partly in shame at the response he'd been given. His grip on his beer tightened and he stiffened, trying his best not to sound hurt when he spoke, “I don’t need taken care of.”
“But guess what, though?” Steve continued before Tony could reply, smoothing out the submissive’s jacket casually, “I’m not scared of you. Or your past. Or that God awful attitude. I’m not running, so you might as well give it up now.”
fun. Anthony wasn’t one of those people, though. He hadn’t been sexually active in a while, but even when he had, he never enjoyed any type of spanking. If you add in the fact that his sexual partners often didn’t respect that, it was even worse. It was all like punishment to him. Punishment means that he’s been bad, and he doesn’t like to feel bad. There was no fun in this for him.
“Love you,” he mumbled, letting his face fall against the pillow he was gripping, swallowing back the guilt. He was ready for her to be back already. He'd missed her.
“I gave you a choice, Anthony,” Steve told him firmly, despite the overwhelming urge to pick him back up. With a heavy heart, he gently pushed Tony back down to sit when he tried to get up before he continued, “And I think you just made your decision. Go ahead and lay down, please.”
When Steve sat down next to his head, Tony tried his best to ignore it. He tried really, really hard. But he felt alone and sad and all of the time he'd spent pretending to be someone he wasn't was finally catching up with him. He needed touch. He could talk to Pepper on the phone all he wanted, but that wouldn’t change the fact that she was on the opposite side of the country. And he
. He knew he didn’t deserve that; it was
It was much easier with Pepper. There was nothing to be afraid of with her. He didn't have to worry about her randomly deciding that he was too much to handle. She was the only person he trusted not to give up on him. She'd seen his best and his worst moments and she'd loved and cared for him through it all. So, that’s whose presence he was yearning for. She and Helen were working on something for the submissive’s practice in Los Angeles, and Tony was
Twenty-four hours ago, if you asked him, he would have done anything to get Steve to leave him alone. Like
and he couldn't wait to spend the rest of his life avoiding him. Well, once he got him out of his house, that was.
"Brat," Steve chuckled quietly, looking towards the restroom. The water was still running and he could hear a little movement so he knew Tony was doing what he was supposed to, but he also knew it wouldn't be long before he was done, "I'll be sure to keep an eye on him. I'm a light sleeper, anyway. It won't be hard, don’t worry."
Tony glared at his sub-band, wishing for the billionth time since he had to register that he could just take the damned thing off. Unfortunately, though, that was against the law, and the last place Tony wanted to land himself was in some Sub house for disobedience.
"It will be very soon, Anthony. I promise," she assured him patiently, "You know it's about a six-hour flight. You need to sleep until I get there,
to as it did with Tony's issues with vulnerability, but he did understand. However, Steve couldn't help but wonder if this was really the time to listen to Tony. He was distraught and wasn’t in a position to make decisions for himself. Unfortunately, the person who was supposed to make his decisions when he didn’t have a clear head was not available.
“I know she does,” Steve responded, giving Tony a comforting squeeze even as he attempted to glare, “That’s why it’s on. I’m also pretty sure Pepper makes you go to sleep. If you can’t try to go to sleep while it’s on, then we’ll have to see what we have to do so you
"I'm surprised it lasted that long," Pepper mused, "Then again, you hurt his feelings, so he'll try his best to please until he realizes you're not actually upset with him. After that, it should be back to the regularly scheduled program."
"Not Rhodey," he finally answered after a few moments of silence, eyes flicking back and forth nervously from Steve to Pepper. He didn't know if that's the answer either of them wanted, but he was sure it's what he wanted. Rhodey was his friend, and he didn't think he should have to deal with this. Granted, he didn't think Steve should either, but he'd rather it be him than Rhodey.
"Pepper..." Steve sighed out, exasperated. "I've already told you-"
Despite himself, Steve supposed it wasn’t, “I just haven’t met anyone yet, is all. There’s no big explanation for it. Why do you ask?”
“Thank you,” Tony mumbled, bashful as Steve walked back over to hug him once more. Tony ate it up, resting his head on Steve’s shoulder. It was safe to say his pride had gone out the window by then. It would be waiting on the step for him in the morning, Steve was sure.
He voiced this to Pepper, who didn’t question it any further, “Well, I’m sure he’ll be seeing you around, anyway.”
Steve definitely wasn’t expecting Tony to lay on him, but he refrained from commenting on it. He was still confused as to how the first conversation he’d managed to have with Tony that wasn’t either entirely about work or entirely full of the submissive running his smart mouth managed to land them in this.
and being alone didn't sound appealing at
Eventually, he managed to convince himself that he was comfortable being alone. Nobody could hurt him or use him or
He didn’t…not at first, at least. He racked his brain for something – something
As he was waiting patiently, he realized that the fingers in his hair were no longer moving, but instead just resting on his head. It had been a comforting weight, but not as comforting as having his scalp scratched. With a small grunt, he pushed his head up against Steve's hand again to indicate that he wanted him to continue.
Despite himself, Tony couldn’t help but smile and give a little nod in response.
Steve let out a chuckle at this, “That’s nice, huh?”
"I suppose I should get used to it now, then," Steve said dryly after a moment. He had an odd feeling that this would be far from his first ride on Tony's emotional roller coaster. That was fine by him, though.
Steve's lips twitched up at the ends at that and he felt himself relax some, "Nothing but
"You probably will," Pepper laughed, her worry seeming to disappear after sensing his, “
Tony’s stomach fluttered, both at his words and the gentle touch. The way he phrased it like a suggestion instead of a flat out order, unlike every other Dominant he seemed to encounter...The way his touch just felt so
go behind my back and do something like this
, Pepper, he was…
Blinking away some of his tears so his vision would clear, Tony began to remove himself from Steve's lap. He hated having to leave the comfort almost as much as he hated leaving Pepper with Steve, but he wanted to obey. Besides, the quicker he was done and in bed the quicker he could talk to Pepper again. Maybe Steve would even go back to petting him while they talked. He figured he was being hopeful at that, but he wanted something to look forward to.
"Most definitely," she agreed with a chuckle, "So keep him off of any electronics until morning. He'll probably want to turn his TV on and that's fine. He can go ahead and watch whatever he wants, but nothing beyond that. And for the love of God, please don't let him end up in his lab. He knows he's not supposed to be in there at night, but he will have no problem locking you out and dealing with the consequences whenever I get there if he catches the chance."
hungry in the mornings, of course) before quickly changing the subject.
There was no verbal answer, but Steve felt the sullen boy nod against him.
"Headed home, I believe," she informed him before casually kissing his forehead and releasing his face, "
A familiar lump formed in his throat as he realized it was almost time.  At least using the bathroom would give him a few minutes to stall. Plus his morning wood was tight in his boxers, so he knew he needed to take care of that, first, anyway.
After a moment of debating with himself, Steve decided to go ahead and be the bad guy. It was nearing four in the morning and the submissive was
“How are you doing?” Steve asked gently, pulling Tony out of his thoughts. He’d definitely zoned out again, "You okay?"
Tony was nodding and handing him his phone before he even fully processed the question. His tone was just so calm and sweet and he
“No! Not him!” Tony snapped at him yet again, causing Steve to be taken back. He hadn’t expected that; Rhodes was his best friend, wasn't he?  Why didn't he want him to be called? Especially when the only other option he had was Steve?
too late, and since he spent so much time thinking she’d get there and everything would just be
It had been a few minutes of just the touching and Tony’s even breathing when he found himself unwillingly falling into subspace. He didn’t care who seen, he didn’t care about feeling weak. He couldn’t even be embarrassed, he just felt so relaxed and
smart was to do exactly what every bone in his body was telling him
Steve was expecting that. That’s why he made sure to
as you may be able to tell, i revised what was once 8 chapters into three, longer ones. i hope it isn't confusing at all; you don't need to reread to understand what's going on, but I did make some minor tweaks.
, and it made him cry a little harder.
. After a moment and a little more encouragement from Pepper, both physical and verbal, Tony managed to make it to the top of his bed, flopping down onto his heap of pillows. Pepper pulled his sleep pants and boxers, which had both ended up pooled around his ankles, completely off of him and laid them on the end of his bed. He didn't mind the lack of clothes; Pepper was one person he was never shy around, and he didn't want the pressure of anything against his ass until the fire had dulled some. Staying half-naked was much more comfortable.
That was much more than what Tony was asking him, though, and Steve surely wasn’t about to pour all of it out.
He squirmed a little, forcing himself even closer to Steve as feelings of both regret and shame seeped into him. Now she was mad, and he never wanted Pepper to be mad at him, “I'm sorry, Pep. Don't be mad at me, okay? I promise not to say it again. Just don't be mad."
. There was nobody he had to worry about hurting him besides himself. That was a comfort he just wasn’t ready to give up.
Steve gave him a skeptical look, setting the water down on the nightstand, “Yeah, right. After all of those tears, you’re going to drink some of this, whether you like it or not, pal.”
”We’re about to call Pepper in just a minute, sweetheart,” Steve assured him as the elevator doors open, revealing Tony’s private suite, “C’mon. Let’s get you settled.”
Of course, this irrational anger was only enhanced by the frustration setting in, because it seemed like he had only
“You were gone
Tony hated it when he was forced to be dependent. Sometimes even with Pepper. Being this far down made him feel horrible and he was starting to hate himself for allowing it.
He wasn’t surprised when Tony whined and clung to him, shaking his head ‘no’. Steve clung back, shushing him softly, “I know, honey, but you have to rest. In a few more hours, Pepper will be here, so you have to sleep like you promised her.”
feel guilty for assuming otherwise. He did know better...it was just easy to forget sometimes.
news! “You’re coming for me?”
"It's not his fault," Pepper quickly defended, some of the earlier fire coming back into her tone, "He's not that bad."
comfortable, so that couldn’t have possibly been too much to ask.
“Well, I think both you and I could do with some time together," she began, "So, I'll be on one of the jets in about an hour. I should be there by the time you wake up."
Steve knew Tony was getting frustrated and it would give way to a meltdown if he didn't get it handled. Concealing a frustrated sigh, he stepped forward to pull the teary submissive back into his arms. Tony whined again, even as he rested his face against Steve's strong shoulders and hugged him back, "Nobody
, I will make sure you never enjoy another day of your life without feeling whatever pain you inflict on him. I don't give a damn
. And oh but, of course, she wasn’t picking up.
From what Steve could see of Pepper’s face, she looked absolutely dumbfounded. Steve figured that this wasn’t typical behavior for Tony so he predicted that there would be some initial disbelief, but he didn’t really expect her to be so shocked that she was speechless.
This didn't surprise Steve, but it still broke his heart a little bit more. The thought of having to hear whatever it was that terrorized him in his dreams only added to the awful feeling. He was fully aware that Tony was far from ready to unload his trauma like that. Quite frankly, Steve didn't think he was ready to hear it. He knew that didn't matter too much, though; Pepper's point still stood. If for whatever reason he opted to talk about it, then that's what they would do.
Tony went silent for a while after that, obviously not wanting to answer his question. Steve's guess was that he did, indeed, think they were lying to him. He just didn't want to tell him that.
Pepper seemed pleased to hear that, moving to grab two mugs from a cabinet. It was clear that she knew the kitchen well, “He didn’t give you any problems, then?”
The rational portion of his brain knew that the quicker he made it into bed, the quicker he could have his way. And at first, he tried to listen to his rational brain.
"It's okay, I get it," Steve chuckled, amused by what Pepper had told him. It seems sneakiness was definitely one of Tony's best-practiced skills. Unfortunately for him, Steve's enhanced senses made his stealth practically useless around him. It was likely the submissive would be incredibly disappointed whenever he figured that out.
Pepper let him watch TV to fall asleep, (which may have been one of his many problems) so he wouldn’t turn it off, but he did need to turn his attention away from it. This, of course, was much easier said than done. Steve did
Steve looked around in confusion before he remembered Jarvis, the talking robot who was apparently everywhere in the tower. He didn’t know if he would ever get used to that, “Uh...yeah?”
Tony relaxed a little bit at that. He didn't want Rhodey for this kind of stuff...not because Rhodey wasn't any good at helping him out, because he was. He wasn't quite as gentle as Pepper, but he'd helped him come down on a few separate occasions. Still, though, that was his best friend. They were equals when they were together. Tony didn't like having to change that. But Pepper...calling Pepper sounded like the best idea he'd heard all night. She was on the other side of the country, but he could hear her voice. That sounded...nice.
He hummed his assent, despite the fact that he had no intention of doing that, then very quickly changed the subject, "How much longer 'til you get on the plane?"
was on the complete other side of the country, “Want you to come home.”
Tony did just that for several minutes, letting out everything he had pent up from the last few months. He'd been having a really rough time, and he'd been playing tough for
"All due respect, ma'am," Steve started, making the best eye contact he could hold through his phone before he continued confidently, "I don't know who all has failed Tony before, but I promise you that I'm nothing like those excuses for Doms, Pepper. I've heard all of his horror stories. I've seen the way he treats people and I'd be an idiot not to know that there are about a thousand pounds of baggage behind the wall he's got put up. I've been paying a lot of attention this last month or so. Now, of course, I don't know all of it. I probably don't even know the half of it, but I'm willing and excited to learn him the way you've had the privilege to. I know what I'm getting myself into. I know it's not about to be a walk in the park. But I also know that I'm far from weak, I've got a helluva lot of patience, and I am
Tony made a face but still settled for a simple nod, allowing himself to be led back to the couch. He was eager to climb back in the Dom’s lap once he sat down, even after the declaration he just made, cuddling against him with a content sigh. His head rested over Steve’s heart, taking fistfuls of the cheap fabric of his shirt. When the Dom pulled the blanket that had been conveniently placed on the back of the couch over both of them, he practically purred.
"Besides," he added before she could speak, "It's been a while since I've got to really take care of somebody. I'd be lying if I said I didn't enjoy it."
It had obviously startled the poor thing - something that was clearly very upsetting to the submissive in his current state. Steve cradled him even closer, shushing him softly out of reflex alone. It did the trick and Tony ate it up, burying his face into the man's chest and trying to squirm impossibly closer. Steve's hormones were going nuts; he could feel them bonding, intentionally or not. If the way Tony just kept breathing him in was anything to go off of, he was feeling the same way.
Her look darkened, arms now crossing over his chest as she continued to glare at her submissive, “Anthony Stark, are we really going to add lying to the list? Have you forgotten what soap tastes like while I’ve been gone?”
Steve was about to offer up the next best option, which was to call Rhodes for him, but stopped when Tony launched his phone at a wall. Before Steve could even react to that display of aggression, Tony began to sob.
"I'll try," he answered after a moment of silence, figuring he'd gotten enough rest to get at least one of those tasks done, "You gotta go now?"
His attitude began to slip away as quickly as it came and before he knew it, he was ready to start bawling again. He pulled his bottom lip in between his teeth, shooting Steve the most apologetic look he could muster as he forced himself to stand. He wasn't even trying to look all that pitiful when he drug himself towards the bathroom, but he couldn't help it. He was rude and he gave Steve attitude and now the Dom was angry with him. Well, at least that's how he felt. All because of one fucking look.
Well, except…
Tony's heart warmed at the sound of the familiar nickname.
Pepper couldn't quite lift Tony, but she did move her hands under his arms and gently push him forward, urging him to crawl up onto the bed. He whined a little more as he slowly pushed himself up, even though he was getting what he wanted. It was just so
what he’d done. Tony mentally kicked himself, because seriously? He should have fucking known. She always found out everything, eventually, and his whole scheme had worked out a little too easily in the first place.
Wow so it seems a lot of people actually like this! I really wasn't expecting such a reaction over night, but luckily for you guys I've got the next few chapters outlined and will be able to update fairly quickly.
He admittedly did feel a little awkward just standing, but he figured it wouldn’t take long; He could already hear Tony moving behind him, undoubtedly not wanting it to take any longer than necessary. He wouldn’t say it, but Steve knew he would want back into his lap.
anyone to want you, Anthony,” he reminded him as gently as he could, continuing to play with his hair, “Even I can see that. I think you have an entire fake personality you hide behind just to make sure that nobody wants you. ”
The submissive sat in silence for a moment while Steve moved around, both feeling and looking lost. He couldn't quite figure out what it is he was supposed to be doing, and that confusion was beginning to upset him again. Steve knelt down in front of him when he noted that he was starting to hyperventilate, using a finger to lift his chin and initiate eye contact, "Hey there," he greeted softly when Tony's wide eyes met his, giving him a small smile, "Where's your phone?"
Pepper and her Submissive, Helen, had been out of the state for nearing three months by then for Helen's work, and Tony was slowly but surely going crazy. This was the longest he'd ever been away from her since she came into his life and he was having a hard time dealing with being constantly left to his own devices.
“I consider him the eighth wonder of the world, mostly,” she joked with a shrug, looking towards the hallway as if she was expecting him to come waltzing out. Steve didn’t think he heard anything to suggest that he’d woken up, so he was confused when Pepper continued, “Jarvis, is Tony up?”
thing - no matter what his stupid brain told him. He wasn't about to let that affect his attitude with Pepper, "I did eat before the party - with Rhodey. Steaks. It wasn't a lot, but I ate."
He felt like Steve deserved the praise more than he did, but he didn't speak on it. He didn't have the energy to debate. Everything was just making him feel sadder at that point, but the 'good boy' he'd received still made his heart flutter a little bit but his brain quickly turned it into a reminder that she wasn't there with him.. All of a sudden, he became blatantly aware of how wet and gross his face was. Apparently, he'd never stopped crying.
His eyes were visibly drooping as he nodded, but he still argued with a shrug, "'m still not tired, Pep..."
That hurts!"
She let her tension out in a sigh at his nearly whispered apology before slowly shaking her head, “I’m not upset with you, honey. You're allowed to express how you feel. You don’t have to apologize for that, okay? I shouldn't have snapped at you for telling Steve how you were feeling, but you know how I feel about those feelings. It’s not your fault. I know you can’t help it; I just hate that you have to feel them."
times when his Domme caved, let him off easy, but he had yet to figure out the pattern to those instances. If there
When he realized Steve was done, Tony reached up to scrub at his eyes and let out a jaw splitting yawn. Steve didn’t hide his chuckle this time; it was fond and he didn’t hide that either, but Tony didn’t seem to mind. While he was busy with that, Steve shrugged off his blazer and tossed it over the back of the couch. He loosened and removed his tie, and gave it the same treatment. He wanted to lose his belt, too, but he didn’t want Tony to get the wrong idea about anything. They’d done well so far; Tony was putting a lot of trust into him, and Steve didn’t want to ruin that by accident. He’d survive being a little uncomfortable for one night, especially if it kept Tony more comfortable.
Instead of reaching for the phone himself, he tucked his hands in between himself and Steve's chest, allowing the Dom to hold it up for him. Just like before, he met Pepper with a goofy grin, "Hi, mama."
“But, Pep!” Tony continued to whine out, too out of it to notice he was pushing it. He just didn’t
He was, mostly. As much as he’d love to see that angelic face, he really didn’t want to be the thing that sent him barreling into a tantrum first thing in the morning. Steve would have plenty of chances to see that face again once Tony had time to repair his defenses.
