"On the contrary, has it occurred to you that it might be crucial?  We have a woman dead for months, but no one in the missing person registry corresponds to her, and that is extremely unlikely, given that the victim is the mother of a now orphan baby.  In all probability we should be able to identify her, but so far, nothing has come up.  There is a very real possibility that the reason her disappearance wasn't made official is because her family, the people who would have reported it, have been killed too.  A signature on a crime scene, even as stupid as someone calling himself The Sussex Vampire, is very suggestive of a serial killer, or an aspiring one.  Who says he is not out there right now, ready to kill again?  So, yes, a few minutes can make a difference."
Besides playing the violin, Sherlock reads a lot, going over all the baby books they have bought or received, even though he has already read them cover to cover.  This time, he stops to take notes, share thoughts about them with John, ask some questions.  They spend a lovely afternoon eating a box of gingernut biscuits, reading parts of the books, exchanging ideas.  They laugh a lot.
“Is he ok?” He murmurs.
Curiously, from all the information that has just been given to him, the first to stick for John is the way Sherlock addressed their daughter, by her first name.  He’s never done it before.  That simple fact triggers a series of images in John’s mind, a very real baby girl with pale curls crawling amongst the beakers and books, and Sherlock’s voice resonates in his mind, soft but firm, as he tells Sage not to touch daddy’s stuff.
John crouches back in front of him.  Sherlock is very still, a frown between his eyes.
"What happened to her."
His mouth quirks up a bit to the left, and John cannot resist the malicious flicker of light in his eyes -never could, as a matter of fact.  He smiles too.  "That is a shame, although giving birth in prison probably wouldn't meet your standards."
Sherlock’s mouth quirks into a quick, satisfied smile.  “Who cares.  It was never my intention to actually give Moriarty the plans.  Obviously.”
"Good."
"Sherlock."
"That's the whole point of the exercise," John points out, his voice as low as Sherlock, but in a way it sounds like a shout.  "Which you would have understood if you'd just-"
Sherlock stops pushing suddenly.  “John, I feel...” he pants.  “JOHN!”
John kisses Sherlock’s chewed lips. “Now, we really need to move you to your room.”
"Shut up."
John figures he's teased Sherlock enough already.  After all, it isn't what he needs right now, and although John might still be surfing the wave of excitement from knowing the sex of the baby, he needs to step back a little, to understand the aftermath of a sudden rush of emotions for Sherlock.
"Well, doctor, you always manage to surprise me," Sherlock jokes weakly.  "John, what if...?"
Sherlock is moving faster, pressing all of John's body down onto the couch cushion, rubbing himself all over him.  John can't believe how Sherlock's boyish enthusiasm gets to him.  To think of everything he can show Sherlock, of what they can discover together, it's dizzying, and John's cock approves by hardening further and adding another drop of precome to the patch of wet cotton in his pants.
They've moved a couple of feet, maybe three, in the last ten minutes.
Sherlock pushes and presses, mouth opened, eyes shut tight, letting out a series of high-pitched "oh, oh, ohs," and at that moment, when his whole body begins to tense, John feels the wetness of his arse cheeks.  It's strange because even if Sherlock is dripping like crazy, the precome should be gathered in the front, not...
"My god, Mycroft, what happened to you, do you want me to take a look?"
Of course, I am going to ask for your understanding regarding the last 1.5k of the chapter (which begins when Sherlock and John go for a walk) because there will be mistakes.  If some of you want to point them out in the comments, I have absolutely no problem with it, just so you know, I will add the corrections anyway as soon as JJ finds a way to send me the beta'd version.  I hope the mistakes and grammatical errors won't prevent you for enjoying the chapter.  Thank you for your patience!
He always has to ask, because neither he nor Sherlock enjoy it when he wears a condom, so Sherlock is on the pill, and knowing how serious he is about not finding himself pregnant, John doesn't take any risk.
"Oh.  Yes.  I always am," Sherlock says softly.
Sherlock lets go.  So far, he has avoided looking at John, keeping his eyes down.  He lets out a weak, shaky laugh.
Right now, he thinks,
John moves away from the kitchen’s threshold before anyone notice his surprised hesitation.  He makes a first stop near Sherlock, bending down to kiss the top of his head while noticing he seems engrossed by a huge pharmaceutical compendium opened in front of him.
There is the clumsy way he clips his toenails with them flying everywhere, while tangled in his too long limbs, bending on himself as far as he will go and cursing, looking as clumsy as a baby giraffe.  And then, how intolerant he is to heat, to a point where he suffers long migraines if it keeps up for too long; and how much of an appetite he has when he is really hungry, speaking with his mouth full.
"What am I looking at?"
"He is going to be a wonderful father, you know.  He thinks the exact contrary, but he is wrong."
"Not good," John whispers. It's been a while since Sherlock hasn't signed his own text messages.
"Our daughter is very active."
"Ok, let's play a stupid game, are you happy now?" Sherlock exclaims dramatically, as if he's just consented to a terrible sacrifice.
"Maybe it is just due to an exposure to pollen.  It has reached high level all week."
Five days since the pregnancy tests.  Five days during which Sherlock has closed himself to John regarding the progression of his reflection.  He's not brooding, nor silent.  He just makes it very clear there will be no talk about the pregnancy until he allows it.
to be.  For me.  It would have been, before...but now... I can't ignore my feelings like I used to."
It seems to calm Sherlock down, because he doesn't add anything and turns into John's embrace to find his usual spot in the crook of John's neck. Then, something shifts in the way he's holding himself.  He is thinking, hard, John can tell.
Sherlock's covered legs suddenly kick, and he sits up, grabbing the side of the stretcher.  "The pain.  It's coming back, John," he warns.
Sherlock takes a deep breath, plants a very, very stiff smile on his face and leaves John to deal with the luggage, straightening his shoulders and back as if he's about to go into battle, and not into his mother's open arms.  From the distance, John can still see his face turning bright red when he's tucked into a hug.  John smiles and returns to the luggage and wrapped presents, balancing their weight between both his arms.
Sherlock's mouth twitches again.  "Could be dangerous."
, John thinks, clearly.  He wants to reassure Sherlock.  He is pregnant, he has to be careful. Stress isn't good, neither for him, nor the baby.
Thank you, I hope you will like it!
"Bossy."
Sherlock knows very well what it does to John when he plays with himself.  Without waiting anymore, John shoves a pillow under Sherlock's arse, pushes back both of his legs and lines himself up.  It still amazes him, that Sherlock can take him so easily, despite looking so damn tight when he's not aroused.  The doctor part of himself knows it's carrier's biology -it wouldn't make sense to have a carrier male who wouldn't be genetically fit for penetration- but the John Watson part, more especially the John Watson-slash-Sherlock's partner part, will never stop being amazed at how Sherlock seems to be made for him, just for him.
"The credit card is Mycroft's," Sherlock murmurs, sounding tired suddenly.  "He knows I have it and use it, and he let it slide because like he so often say : he's a busy man, he doesn't have time for my antics.  So, yes, not only did I kept you in the dark regarding this aspect of my life, but I actively lied to you by pretending stealing my brother's money was all fun and games.  I am sorry."
"Very good, John," Sherlock murmurs, giving him a lopsided smile.
He takes off his dressing gown, revealing his beautiful but definitely too-thin pale body, his stomach still hollow despite the pregnancy.  Sherlock is wearing nothing underneath.  Recently, he has taken up sleeping in the nude -as it apparently was his habit when he was living alone.  John loves it.  He takes his spot, lying on his left side and widening his arm in invitation. Sherlock joins him, folding himself easily into the little spoon position while John covers the both of them.
"What can I do, to prevent it from happening again?" Sherlock wants to know.
"What?  What do you hate, Sherlock?"
"I had no idea a foetus' movement could be felt that way."
"It is still related to your immune system, which, as you so nicely pointed out, doesn't work properly.  Ah.  Pregnancy and its many joys."
"You do not believe me. Nevertheless, there is something different in me.  I did not enjoy working our last case, at least not in the way I used to.  When I work, I give myself wholly, intellectual faculties as well as physical.  It appears I cannot do it at the moment. It’s as if my whole being needs to be dedicated to my pregnancy, an act of creation, you see, that is stimulating in itself.  I am preparing myself, and my child, for the birth.  It is quite strange, but not disagreeable, and the more I progress toward the due date, the more intense it is.”
John shakes his head.  He doesn’t feel like speaking in enigmas.  “He’s doing fine.  We’ve just booked a case –a rare book amateur turned thief turned murderer-“
“Of course.”
“Why don’t you wait for me in the living room?”
Sherlock nods eagerly, despite his lips trembling and his eyes too big, too liquid.
Besides keeping an attentive eye on Sherlock, John also has to supervise the renovations in 221a.  Mycroft had been doing it himself, the first day, making sure everything was delivered, giving strict orders to the workers he hired.  He's apparently an amateur home designer, going to the length of admitting to John he had designed every room of his house and had "taken a ridiculous amount of pleasure doing so."  John nods, biting the inside of his cheeks to hold back a surprised laugh.  That he finds it amusing is, he knows, childish, and unfair.  Mycroft isn't a robot, after all: he can very well have hobbies.  This is what happens when you try so hard not to appear human.  John remembers well the first time he saw Sherlock knitting and how he had been unable to stop laughing for ten minutes in a row, despite Sherlock's offended look and his explanation that it helped him think.
John is on his way to the bathroom when a hand catches his arm.  It's Louisa Holmes.
John blinks, surprised to see Sherlock staring at him, hands shoved in his pockets, a small smile tugging at his lips.
“Speaking with Hudders.  Remember the shoe picture Moriarty had sent as a first clue after the explosion last year?”
I know, it may seem like I enjoy putting my characters through hell, but I never do it just for the sake of it.  There is always a reason behind, that serves the story, and the emotional journey said characters are going through.
And it is much more than just his looks: it's the way he walks and talks, everything studied and applied without a fault.  As if to compensate his human flaws.  If he lets slip a lisp while speaking to a client, or stumbles on a crack on the pavement, the event is treated with an exaggerated amount of shame and humiliation.  Sherlock prefers to choke on a scratchy throat than cough in front of people; he will act as if the blow to the head he's just received is barely a caress, waiting to be alone with John to grab at the furniture because he's too dizzy - well, look at that, the great Sherlock Holmes has a concussion...
"I might be incredibly embarrassed later, when the effects of the drug will have abated.  And you will kindly restrain yourself from reminding me of everything I said that did not make sense."
"John, please... Let's not discuss that."
Sherlock looks at him, rendered silent by surprise.
Which is why, when Sherlock loses his main distraction while on strict rest, John elaborates a plan to prevent him from falling into his usual vicious circle of boredom and melancholy.  It is a strategy very similar to what you do when you have to take a kid on a long road trip, or get him to keep calm at church, with a different activity planned for each waking hour and an emergency plan in case everything else fails (Sex. The emergency plan here is sex.)  All of this without forgetting Sherlock is everything
This is apparently the wrong thing to say.  Sherlock’s head lifts up, turning toward Mycroft.  “And how would you know?  I would like to see you in my place, brother dear, given that you faint each time you see a needle.”
"No!" Sherlock replies in a shocked voice.
“Keep breathing,” he tells Sherlock calmly.  “It hurts, I know, butthe important thingis to keep breathing evenly.”
John is up and supporting him in no time.  Sherlock shakes.  Yes, more than time to go home.  He's going to have him eat a chocolate bar on the way back.
The room they occupy is at the back of the house.  It isn't the master bedroom, which is located upstairs (in fact, the upper floor basically consists of the master bedroom) and would have proven problematic for John, but it is charming, with a large bay window opening on the ocean and an old bed in massive oak, richly engraved.  There is barely room for any other furniture except a small chest of drawers; the floor is treated wood with a reddish tint that only accentuates the overall cosiness, the masterpiece being the bed comforter, a worn out handmade quilt, with complicated star-like patterns.
As soon as the contraction is over, John wraps an arm around Sherlock’s shoulder and presses a cold flannel - brought by Mycroft at some point- against his face.  Sherlock leans into it, his eyes opened to slits.  “It’s... ah ....getting... extraordinarily painful... More than I ever allowed myself to imagine,”he pants, trying to smile at John.
"Let's focus on the furniture for now."
“Because he told me.”
a hellish day.  And not only for Sherlock, if Lestrade's whispered commentary to John, mid-afternoon is any indication.  "I hope no one dare dies in a fancy fashion before he gets this baby out."
"My penis does not hurt," Sherlock says, already panting, "but it is more sensitive than usual.  Please do not apply too much pressure."
be alright.  He will be devastated if something happens to the baby, and then, how would John prove him hat caring is an advantage after all?  And here is Mycroft, the poster child for emotional inadequacy, who doesn't have any difficulty imagining the range of possibilities of how it can go wrong.
"Yessss," Sherlock moans.  "Yesss, don't... don't go too f-fast, John, I want... Oh, I want you in me all the time, I wish we c-could stay... like this... Because... hun... I am never scared of losing control when you take me ap-part, you... you are always there to pull me back together..."
"Wow, you... It's...," is as articulate as John can get, apparently.
Sherlock frowns.
Sherlock has gone from cold, calculated calm to fury in an instant, yelling two inches away from John's face, so angry his lips are trembling with it.
"... playing those games with me, boy.  You might impress your clients and the cops, but I am your mother."
“It is good, isn’t it?” John asks, feeling the uncertainty in Sherlock’s voice.
"What? Can I...?"
"No we have to.  We do."
"What?"
"It's unnerving," Sherlock goes on, "how evolution has decided that the most vulnerable part of a parturient should be located in plain sight with easy access.  We waddle around exposing our descent like some... bait, for predators and elements."
"Sherlock."
"About what?  Sherlock, if you just want to enjoy some free time, there is nothing wrong with it. You're right.  You're not obliged to them.  Plus, I kind of like-"
Five minutes later, John gets his reply, while stepping into a cab.
He stands up and immediately grabs at John's shoulder, oscillating from one foot to the other.  "I'm ok, headrush, is all," he murmurs quickly before John can protest.
"It wouldn't have changed anything.  I would have come nevertheless.  It's... this case, it's getting to me."
The next week goes smoothly; enough that John wishes he had a mind palace to store it somewhere, intact, in case he only remembers the less pleasant parts of Sherlock's pregnancy when time passes.  Human memory has proven to be better at remembering sad and traumatic events, an archaic survival mechanism.  Maybe John can ask Sherlock to store the 37th week of his pregnancy somewhere safe in his mind palace, for the both of them?
The surgeon's visit does nothing to improve John's mood as they discuss his convalescence.  He just hadn't had time to think of it, floating on the incredibly relieved feeling of just being alive.  Oh, his wound is clean and the swelling is minimal.  His physical state "very, surprisingly good" considering what he just went through.  It doesn't change the fact that John will be basically useless for the coming month.  The stress on his leg must be minimal.  Even if he does negotiate an early departure from the hospital in forty-eight hours -as long as there are no complications- John will be on strict bed rest for a whole week; another two weeks with very limited physical activities will go by, then he will need to be evaluated again, before given the permission to resume his normal activities.  He knows he doesn't have a choice: if he doesn't submit himself to it, there could be consequences, and serious ones.  Of course, John knew all this already, he just hadn't had time to let it sink in.
“John,” Mycroft repeats, the strain of holding Sherlock up against his will making him shake.
Sherlock had rarely been played so easily.  Laura McMasters had not only decided to run, but she had succeeded in snatching - from Sherlock's hands - the damn murder weapon he was playing with while monologuing, before disappearing at the back of the house.  John, who had been standing like a bodyguard next to Sherlock, had been distracted. Sometimes, when Sherlock starts bragging about how he had easily discovered the solution, he cannot seem to stop himself, and the words he utters at an infernal speed become meaningless once they've reached John's ears. It doesn't help that they've been working on the case four days in a row, which has John sleep deprived and overall exhausted.  So, he too hadn't anticipated the small, sobbing woman to shift into some kind of ninja Olympic racer.  John had even had the time to see the look of complete surprise on Sherlock's face before the detective had yelled, setting him into action: "John, she's getting away!"
He actually closes his eyes.  "John.  Let's not get ahead of ourselves, shall we?  The embryo is barely the size of a lentil, and the chances of miscarriages at this point are still too great for us to ignore: given my age, they are even more important.  I think we should consider it as it is: an embryo, which would most probably help us dealing if it were to-"
Sherlock, true to his words, does not seem interested in experiments.  Most of his instruments have been moved downstairs after his laboratory was done.  Of course, he knows he only has to ask John for his help if he really wants to work.  He doesn't.
John lets out a sigh of relief.
“Alright,” John murmurs, taking a deep breath to remain calm despite what just happened.  He needs to be.  Mycroft has never seemed so lost and out of his element.  As for Sherlock, fear has taken over logic and judgement.  John cannot blame him.  He presses his hand over his face, rubs at his eyes.  “Alright,” he repeats.  “New plan.”
"John," Sherlock warns harshly.
"Shut up."
“That is one dull way to put it,” Sherlock mocks.
"What happened?"
Concentrate, John.  The case.
Chapter 1
“You tell me.”
"John, I am sorry," Sherlock says, giving him a mortified look.  "But I... Look."
"You make me crazy," John admits, forehead resting between Sherlock's shoulder blades, panting loudly.  "Your... your body is amazing, oh god, you have no idea how sexy you are, full with my baby."
"What you are doing is positive reinforcement," Sherlock whispers.  "It is impossible to be a hundred percent certain." He tilts his head and kisses him, soft and affectionate.  "However, your belief is enough for me."
Sherlock smiles.  "Ah.  It's a secret."
So.  Greek it is.
John follows his voice, shaking his head to get rid of the droplets of water sticking to the tip of his hair.
"How is your head?" He asks, dragging John along toward their ride.
"It... it is a bit uncomfortable," Sherlock whispers, and John realises he should be careful with his reactions, looking up at him.  Sherlock is raised on his elbows and staring at his stomach, wide-eyed and short of breath.
"Okay, there we are."
I will not elaborate on my difficulties in RL right now.  I am just thankful I still am passionate enough despite everything to continue and finish this story.  I am so sorry for all the wait. :(
"You huh... you might be right," he whispers.
"Nothing, relax. I just didn't realise."
John steps back, feeling like a voyeur, wondering why that simple, quiet moment between mother and son is making him so emotional he's close to tears.
"Let's have a baby, I guess..." John snorts, hearing his own hesitation.
"So, what now?"
“Mycroft?”
"Mmh?"
“Hey, it’s ok, tell me, what is going on?”
“There you are,” Sherlock croaks.  “Don’t move, you are going to be fine.”
John takes a fresh bottle of water from his case and throws it in Sherlock's direction.
"He... well... It was a close call, you know," John says hesitantly, finding that he's in fact trying to explain Sherlock's behaviour to himself as much as to his sister.
"It was a gesture of love: the doll, the clothes, the rocking chair...  but something a child, or well," Sherlock makes a vague hand gesture," you know, would have done. When I saw Angela, I immediately though of the writing on the wall -which was the most puzzling element, nevertheless.  I could picture her surprising her father as he carried the body to his car, and insisting on going with him.  Alexandra Jez had apparently a lot of affection for Angie, and Angie called her "mommy Alex."  There were drawings hung on the wall of her room, and Alexandra was always there, holding Angela's hand. "
Sherlock chuckles and rubs in nose on the fine skin of John's neck.
"Not even the cute stuff?"
"Implicitly."
"JOHN!"
Or she was pregnant, Sherlock had dropped coldly, leaving Laurie Afton looking slightly shocked behind her then skewed glasses.
"Yes, a
"Ideally, no."
When it became clear Sherlock needed an appointment as soon as possible, John, knowing him, had been prepared.
"Give it back to me," Sherlock snaps, tugging on the doll.
"I was merely observing," Mycroft points out, showing the small satisfied smile he always does when he succeeds in irritating Sherlock.
"You seem pretty confident."
“It is still raining, then?” Mycroft asks.
"Yeah?"
"A bit."
Yeah, right. Plus, it's not like Sherlock will be able to help, buried as he is at the heart of all those layers.  Speaking of his feelings, when he never experienced intimacy with another person... John sighs and begins his ascension.  He walks as slowly as possible but still, in a matter of seconds –not even a damn minute to try and put himself together one last time- he’s facing the door.
“Can you tell me why on earth you choose your brother as a confidant? I mean, Mycroft, really?"
"Yes?"
"I know you've been feeling sick for the past couple of days," John murmurs.  "It's one of the most common symptoms, you know."
Mycroft seems to hesitate, drawing circles on the floor with the tip of his umbrella.  "...John?"
"I can go alone," Sherlock proposes without looking at him.
John wants to add, but decides otherwise.
"Before you left, you said I had trouble loving you, but it's not the words I used two weeks ago."
"I'm fine, naturally.  Why wouldn't I be?  I've had it with this boring case, let's go home."
Amy smiles and rubs his arm.  "I do know how it is to be a doctor and have someone close to you needing medical attention.  But it's more than that."
John helps Sherlock wrap his long legs around his waist and settles with his arms each side of Sherlock's face, kissing him softly, from his forehead to his cheeks, the tip of his nose, his parted lips.
"Well, Amy recommended we do not huh... practice penetration -on your part of course, but she assured me anything else was safe as long as the physical exertion isn't exaggerated.  And, you know, even penetration is, theoretically, inoffensive, but she preferred to stay on the safe side."
It is getting increasingly difficult for Sherlock to sleep at night, and he needs rest, so it is not uncommon for John to find him asleep on the couch in the middle of the day, sometimes twice–John even naps with him, sometimes.
And he's John.
"Oh, right," John agrees.
Then he swallows Sherlock's giggle by kissing him, covering his belly with his arm.  The silence between them is peaceful while they remain in that awkward embrace for several minutes.  Sherlock nuzzles John's neck, sucks lightly at the sensitive skin, keeping his mouth there afterward, the warm, delicate skin of his lips barely making contact.
And maybe right now, John needs it just as much.
"Did you speak to him?"
There is worry under his apparently light tone.
John hesitates, but not for long.  He does not feel like being surrounded by police officers and playing third wheel to Sherlock and Lestrade.  Besides, it is evident Sherlock isn't in his normal case-solving state, tired and obsessed by the hidden truth.  He just wants to be able to close the file in his head.  That, too, John can understand.
Sherlock, for himself, is busy expressing his nervousness once again.
John kneels in front of Sherlock.  "It is not the baby I worry about, Sherlock.  I know it is safe with you.  But whatever it needs, it's going to take it from you.  Your baby is your body's priority.  And your body doesn't care if you lack the essentials, as long as the baby gets what it needs."
"No, he just..." John waves a dismissive hand.
After lunch - of which Sherlock barely eats a couple of bites, complaining everything tastes like cardboard - he seems to be as much irritated with himself as John is, and decides to play the violin for Sage.  He's been doing it a lot, lately, going through his whole repertoire, plus a couple of original pieces.  Of course, the reasons behind it are highly scientific, Sherlock had shown John copies of several studies proving the benefits of classical music being listened through the womb.  John knows, though, that Sherlock deeply enjoys it.  It shows in the way he plays, so delicately, even the staccato pieces; adjusting the volume of his instrument.
“Maybe because I don’t need it. I can barely move my enormous body without help.”
"My... nipples?"
"How?"
Well... That was ... interesting.
"See?  In a way, it makes you so damn oblivious to the most basics rules of human interaction it's a god damn handicap-"
...Sherlock is there.  Pale, except for two red spots high on his cheeks, his hair a mess of bouncing curls low on his forehead.  His pale blue shirt is covered in nasty brown stains -John's blood.  He hates himself for it, for Sherlock needing to calm him down like he's a whiny child.  Sherlock has enough on his plate. John should be able to remain stoic, and, as usual, find a funny way to break the I-almost-just-died tension.  Because that's his thing, that is what he does.
"John!  Make it three tests, same brand, preferably with a matching expiration date. No test should be considered accurate without at least three valid results."
"I wouldn't dream of it."
And then, Sherlock is violently dragged away from John, fighting a black silhouette that has seemingly materialised to their right.
I hope I did not offend anyone who has a child, or a loved-one, with Down Syndrom.  I myself am the mother of an autistic child and am around some teenagers with Down syndrom.  I meant to be respectful, and if it wasn't the case, it was unvolontary.
"Oh, yes, of course," Mrs Hudson steps back and let them in.  "Besides, I need to get started on my knitting now.  A girl, what a nice surprise," she babbles happily.  "Now I can’t wait to shove Mrs Turner’s face in it."
John sighs, long and deep.  Nope, nothing is right between them right now.  He closes Sherlock's door and gets back into the cab.
Sherlock had been determined to make John understand his choice, as if he had to defend it.  He had a picture of Amy Brown, cut out from a newspaper article, with him, and had shoved it into John's hand.  "Now, I know she is the youngest of the lot but look at her.  No makeup, hair in a simple pony tail, wearing a crumpled white blouse with the pockets full, over a t-shirt.  She chose the profession because she's passionate, she loves her work and her practice for what they are, not what they can do for her. As for her professional credentials, she has been trained at Toronto's Metro Centre of androcology, with some of the best specialists in the field."
"Her nephew.  That... insufferable idiot of an advocate."
It's John's turn to smile.  "Sherlock wonders the same thing.  Well, from his perspective.  He wonders how to let you in."
"How is it," Sherlock murmurs after a few comfortable silent minutes.  "How is it that despite having a brain so much more capable than most people, I am unable to control my fears regarding the birth?"
John knows it is the day he gets shot.
John snorts.  "Yes, I know."
"Thank you, Mycroft," he says with all the sincerity he's capable of.
"You know," he whispers, trying to hide the tremor in his voice.  "Sometimes, you make it very difficult for me to love you"
::: :::
"Poor baby," John jokes, letting his hands rub softly at Sherlock's sides.  He gets a small shiver in response and grins.
"John Watson, put me down immediately," she laughs.
"Her name.  It would be such a wonderful name.  Sage."
Sherlock tilts his head and stares at him for at least three long seconds.  Then, there it is, the left corner of his mouth lifting.
Amy Brown smiles, and looks at it.  "Thank you, Mr. Holmes."
"The sonogram was quite impressive today," He says, knowing how moved  Sherlock had been -John himself wasn't far behind, to be honest- to see their daughter at this stage of her development; a perfectly formed human being busy getting ready for her birth.  Sherlock's mouth had dropped open when the screen had shown a profile of the baby's face, and her ears, and what might be a little bit of hair on the top of her head.  She had blinked, then had started sucking her thumb.
At least Sherlock is out of harm's way. The thought seems to give John a much needed burst of energy because suddenly, he can not only see a spot of pale shirt moving but a long braid flapping on the back, and...
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock stops, mouth half-open.  He shivers.
“Ah, excuses,” John mumbles, smiling.
They both startle, turning back to find Sherlock watching them, shivering in too light clothes, his hair a windy mess.  “The only vehicle that could reach us at the moment would be by air, but no helicopter would risk flying in this weather.”
John hesitates, then wraps an arm around her shoulders.  He has only met Louisa and Adrian once before.  Whereas he had felt immediately at ease with Sherlock's father, her mother is too imposing for John not to still be reserved, unsure of the boundaries of their still new relationship.  He feels a wave of relief washing over him when she doesn't push him away, but instead seems to lean onto him.
Sherlock isn't one to complain about every little glitch his body encounters, except when he is in the mood to bask in John's attention, but for a doctor used to diagnosing people every day, there is no need for words to deduce the reason of a peculiar posture, a grimace, or a quiet groan.  Nothing is out of the ordinary at this point, but it is hard not to worry.  It doesn't take much for "Doctor Watson" to be shut down by "Sherlock's fiancé", who's the prominent figure between the two.  Plus, it is not like John has had a pregnant wife, a close friend or family member before Sherlock to compare the symptoms.
"Well," Sherlock starts, looking sideways.
"Well, what can I do?  I know you know I was waiting for your brother's permission to show you what we have done in 221a-"
"John?  John, are you alright?"  There is a hint of concern in his voice.
"You sound so sure," Sherlock answers, a weak whisper.  "Why am I overwhelmed by this? I shouldn't be. It is a simple biological inconvenience.  It is nothing, a cluster of cells.  That is all."
"Sherlock?" John asks softly.
Sage lets go of Sherlock’s nipple with a soft “pop” and then yawns, before she shoves her tiny face into Sherlock’s bare chest.  Sherlock observes her with a wide smile.  Once more, his eyes fill with tears.  He curses at himself and wipes them away.  “Cannot wait for my hormones to settle down,” he grumbles.
John smiles at the elaborate answer.  He licks his lips, tasting Sherlock on them, which has his neglected cock twitching desperately.  He thinks about asking, maybe just his hand, just to feel him close.  Nevertheless, watching Sherlock relaxed, his body settled, immobile as if he's a rag doll, he decides to keep silent.  Sherlock needs his sleep, first and foremost.
The hour is not what makes John hesitate.  The situation with Molly is... delicate.  She's been fragile, after the beginning of Sherlock and John's relationship, and without being angry or upset with John, it was evident she felt uneasy around him, especially if Sherlock was present (a nicer Sherlock, who had finally realised how badly he had treated Molly and played with her heart as a means to an end.)  She has come to warm up to John, though, and can even interact with Sherlock without being a blushing, stuttering mess.
"Now, here comes the less pleasant part," Amy says, and she's careful not to look at Sherlock, probably aware he won't react well to what she's about to say.  "There is a standard procedure whenever there is a hint that labour could start prematurely, and I want you to follow it, even though I cannot be certain that is what we are dealing with.  You will surely understand that when it comes to something as serious, it's always better to be on the safe side."
"You are absolutely gorgeous."
"Yes, nice try, come on."
"Maybe," John concedes. "But not if it means you have a panic attack as a result."
Sherlock blushes, it's visible from the kitchen.  John puts the teapot away and goes back to him.  "No, seriously," he snorts, trying stop his giggles.  "Thank you, Sherlock.  I am glad you like it."
"You are a butcher," he snarls." Get the other arm.  I am an ex drug addict.  Those veins are ruined.  Oh, stop looking at me like that, and get the hell on with it!"
Sherlock, who was barely irritated with Anderson's reaction, doesn't know how to take this sudden act of kindness.  He grabs his punched shoulder very slowly and blinks.  For at least three seconds.
Sherlock is explaining out loud how he intends to pick up the case of the unidentified woman, and the schedule he intends to follow so that it is concurrent with their androcologist's instructions.  "I should make a spread sheet," he exclaims, snapping his fingers.  "I believe it is reasonable to limit my errands to just one each day. I am always in better shape in the morning so I will reserve my afternoon to do some work at home, and rest.  Let's see...  First, Bart's morgue, second, New Scotland Yard, or should I go back to the crime scene?  The question is, are there any clues left now that it's been...”
"Eight months.  We know that now."
And, oh, the game is on, he sees it, when they come face to face; the innocent, slightly bored expression Sherlock has carefully calculated.  John knows the jumper’s destruction has been an act of puerile revenge.
"Can we discuss this on the way home?" John asks, letting go of Sherlock's arms.  He wants him to eat and to rest.  The hardest part of the conversation seems to be over, and the doctor in John reminds him to get his priority straight.
It goes downhill from there.  The two next contractions provide no progress.  The head doesn’t move, despite Sherlock pushing with everything he has, and John knows what is happening.  God.  After the fourth push without progress, he cannot keep encouraging Sherlock and act like everything is under control.
"Do you need me, love?" John whispers, "need me to make you feel good?" Sherlock's dick twitches under John's hand.
Bloody mind-reading genius.
"...Maybe," Sherlock admits, looking sideways.
"I mean about the baby.  You are going to be a father!  It's amazing," Harry laughs nervously.
"Sher-"
As far as Sherlock is concerned, his usual grace is absent.  It's like he doesn't know what to do with his too-long limbs, and can't coordinate pressing his groin to John's and kissing him -his expression is one of wonder and confusion, and between wet kisses, he can't seem to be able to stop talking.
John doesn’t have time to worry, to curse the bloody weather, to wonder if he is up to the task.  There is no time for hesitation.
"No.  Yes.  Oh, fuck, I don't know Mycroft.  He's upset, and he just got off an eleven-days long case, and... It has been hard on him and I haven't... I don't know, pushed enough to get through to-"
"It's the least ugly room Mycroft could find," he states, his position stiff and his tone trying too hard to be its usual unimpressed one.  "He pays his regards."
John has to bite the inside of his cheeks not to smile and point out how natural and simple it is, to worry.  There is nothing embarrassing about it.  Trust Sherlock to turn it into an issue, as if he is somewhat abnormal to feel like this.
plus signs.  He shakes his head.  Sherlock’s waiting anxiously for him.
John has taken Sherlock's hand and has pressed it on his own chest.  He's very careful to breath normally, not too quick nor too deep.  Sherlock's cries begin to weaken almost immediately.  It scares John, sometimes, how docile Sherlock can be with him, how complete and whole his trust is.  It is like handling the most beautiful but most fragile porcelain piece.  The tiniest mistake could shatter it, to a point where it would be impossible to fix.
"It's not what I meant."
But he’s drowning.
"Are you absolutely certain?"
"Stop.  Stop right there.  I don't want to know."
"You do it, then."
For once, Sherlock listens without guessing what she is about to say.  He nods, polite, and asks a few questions.  John figures it is time for him to get up, find something to do, as to not disturb their conversation.  He prepares another pot of coffee, listening, smiling like an idiot.  He is proud; proud of the way Sherlock has apparently decided to act on their late-night conversation.  Determined to provide for their child an environment as rich, in every sense of the way, as possible.  And even if it is solely for that purpose, John has no doubt that at some point, it will be Sherlock himself who will benefit from a closer relationship with his parents.
"Seemed irrelevant to tell you."
"Then I shall tell you there was no experiment, you were right.  I destroyed your jumper because you destroyed my experiment," Sherlock says, the blush from his cheeks rising to the tip of his ears.
"I know that," Sherlock answers quickly.  "But it seems that each time I succeed in establishing certain parameters something happens that proves them wrong."
"Would you kiss me again?  Sherlock cuts him off.  "I quite enjoyed the kissing part."
He catches Mycroft’s eyes, who is listening to the messages on his phone, and he knows, without a doubt, that the bloody helicopter hasn’t taken off.
And John is cold.  Tired to the bone.  Impatient.
"Did Sherlock tell you how heartbroken he was when Redbeard had to be put down?"
"Nevertheless, you do it on a regular basis."
John grins and takes a nip at Sherlock's bottom lip, groaning.
::: :::
John looks at his watch.  It’s fifteen minutes past eleven.
"...And you want to go.  Tonight. Without Lestrade."
“Good.”
John can see the tug of a hardly supressed smile on Sherlock's face, which has him going from tears to a hysterical, gravely giggle.
There is no time lapse, no skipping ahead.  John is aware of everything, although he cannot really feel.  It isn't like seeing himself from the outside.  It isn't like being numb.  Somewhere in between.
It surprises, John, it sincerely does.  He tries his best not to  show it, though, when he answers back.  "Anything you need, darling."
"And you hate it right?" John asks with a smirk.  He tugs a bit stronger, and sure enough, Sherlock gasps softly.
"I know what you mean," John nods.
"Sherlock?" John asks, turning toward him.
He wonders if the case of the Sussex Vampire is still on his mind. It's been a week since they visited the Beeks family.  The morning after, they had paid a visit to Scotland Yard and everything had playedout just as Sherlock had planned.  Beeks will be charged on the account of having failed to declare his wife's death and dispose of the body, but Lestrade had assured them he wouldn't go to jail, given the circumstances.  He could find the right prosecutor to be sympathetic to Beeks' cause, and Sherlock had asked Mycroft for the best attorney Beeks could afford.  Luckily, Alexandra Jez's note has been examined and certified authentic, and now that the medical examiner knows what to look for, he might be able to find traces of alcohol and drugs used by the victim.  No one has suggested that Social Services should be involved.
"John," Sherlock repeats, louder this time.  His mouth is quirked into a grimace and his eyes are moving rapidly under his eyelids.
,It's nice outside.  For the first ten minutes, Sherlock and John just walk side by side, in silence.  Sherlock leads the way, and they leave the busy streets to cut through a small quiet park.  They've been there before.  There is a pound with ducks.   John doesn't know why it is, but Sherlock can spend an hour observing them, calm and silent.  This time isn't different.  He points at a bench near the pound, and they both sit under the warming sun.  They practically have the park for themselves, except for a mother and her little boy, feeding the ducks with bread.  They are on the other side of the pound, but the little boy's crystalline laugh reaches them.  John smiles and lets his thoughts bring him to a time in the near future where he'll be able to do the same.  Take his daughter here and feed the ducks.  Teaching her how to do it properly. Watching her laugh.
“Thank you, John.”
"That's the thing, with you.  You don't have reserves to palliate for this kind of situation," John thinks out loud.
It doesn’t take long before Sherlock smiles back.  He tilts his head, staring at John with the intensity he usually reserves for a clue, and keeps smiling until, apparently despite himself, he begins to laugh, open mouthed and unguarded.
In the car, Sherlock shows John the picture sent by Lestrade, which reveals a badly decomposed body sitting in a rocking chair.
"What is it, Sherlock?" John cannot hide his exasperation.  Sherlock definitely has something to say about finding Beeks and meeting him.  Tomorrow.
"It's ok.  In other circumstances, I would love to work with you, John.  Now you can go see him.  I'm staying here, and I'll be back to examine him shortly."
Green has just been taken away tied to a gurney, her face cover in drying blood.  As for Chambers, he waits at the back of a police car while Sherlock has his usual debriefing with Lestrade.
“Sherlock.  You said it yourself, you might have been having contractions through the night.  Even if nothing happened until your waters broke, some people have faster labour.”
"I apologise for being such a strong-headed moron."
“Of course,” Mycroft adds, his expression serious once again, “Sherlock will be angry with me for having this conversation with you, and he has the right to be.  The only reason I’m doing this is because Sherlock has made it clear that he has no intention of acting upon his feelings.  He pretends that despite what I told him, you are not interested in him, and that he only needs to discipline himself more carefully to resolve the problem.”
Oh, John knows where this is going, and is quick to put a stop to it.  "You are as desirable as you were before you got pregnant, love.  In a different way, but trust me, I am not faking it, not one bit."
"How old do you think she is?" John asks, following Sherlock up the stairs.
"Ah.  It seemed incredibly farfetched."
She shakes her head. John moves over to the side bench and put his hands onto Sherlock's belly.  He feels it hardening.  It is a contraction, but it is impossible to evaluate.  The hardening of the stomach can reach different level depending on the patient or the kind of contractions.  The false ones he hopes Sherlock is experiencing, also called Braxton-Hicks contractions, can seem to harden the uterus as much as the real ones.  The only difference is that they do not make the uterus cervix open - they are only a way to prepare the body for the birth.  They also tend to be irregular.  Most of the time, they do not keep up for more than an hour at a time.
John has also been cleaning the flat, and not only a quick overall for it to appear viable, but more of spring clean.  He figures if Sherlock is staying put, with the habit he has of being congenitally unable to pick up after himself, that at least, they can avoid the flat turning into a complete mess.  It might help Sherlock keep a clear mind.
"When you were being overly sentimental with my still very flat stomach."
"Get closure?" John suggests, letting a hand rest on Sherlock's back.
"I asked the medical examiner to send me a picture to verify my theory.  This was sent ten minutes ago."
"No, it really isn’t. How are you?"
And before John can answer, Mycroft gets away, runs almost, to the stairs which he climbs four by four.
“My god, Sherlock, my god, you... you... come on, another one, another one and-“
“Since when?”
"The correct term is quickening, which describes specifically-"
John smiles to himself.  His hand joins Sherlock's on his belly.
"Yes?"
"What is it?"
"Actually, it is complete nonsense," Sherlock declares, shutting Marcie down.  "I am personally keeping all the doors open regarding how I will deal with the pain, although I have a preference for the epidural.  I am not being weak, Mrs. Reiner, I am being logical, as every man of science should be.  Why suffer uselessly when there are other options, safe options.  Medicine is evolving, making progress.  You might say that women were stronger back in the nineteen twenties, but they had no other choice.  Some had complicated labour that could last for days. All this without anything to alleviate their ordeal, because in a world dominated by men, pain during childbirth was nothing more than another form of hysteria."
, there are a few cab runs, a couple of shouting matches with Lestrade and two hours of forced rest ordered by John at the end of the afternoon of that heavily humid day, when a series of Braxton Hicks contractions, which start right after he had harshly reminded to Andersen as to how to do his job, scare the hell out of Sherlock.
"I really do like it," Sherlock goes on.  "It's... the colour is nice and huh... I fit perfectly on it, surely it will be ideal in providing my back good support for all the hours I will spend on it... and the table... The table is..."
::: :::
"You are such a prig," Sherlock answers with more assurance.  "Do not think I might become more tolerant of your insufferable personality because of a gift."
For Sherlock, it was.  He would have never admitted such vulnerability before, not so candidly.  John had felt how lost and scared he was and had tried to comfort him the best he could.  His due date was still almost two weeks away, after all, and it wouldn’t be long before Blair would be caught, not with so many people working on the case.  Blair had no experience with clandestine life, no helpful contact on the outside.  It was almost a done deal.  All they could do was wait.  They would be back in Baker Street soon enough.
John knows it would be easy to lecture Sherlock but, to be honest, he seems so miserable he wouldn't get any satisfaction out of it.  He goes for a more direct approach.
Of course.
Sherlock nods.
"Sherlock has spent his life inventing new ways of hiding from me, John, he is not exactly an idiot."
This is different, and this is Sherlock.  There is no etiquette to follow, John discovers, relishing in the sensation of liberty it gives him.
"You are obsessed," Sherlock scowls.
"Yeah.  Yeah okay," John agrees.  "Who cares about hygiene anyway."
There is still a hint of hesitance in his expression.  John waits patiently.  Sure enough, Sherlock stares back for a long second before sighing in exasperation.
“John, wake up, I don’t feel well.”
"Sherlock, I get it," John cuts him out.  "Wow.  It's...will you call me an idiot if I tell you I'm a little overwhelmed by everything we need to do?"
It's the voice, more than the brutal rubbing of knuckles on his sternum, that brings John back from behind the grey curtain.  He curses, opening his eyes to slits.  Sherlock is cradling his face, saying his name, over and over again.
That is one thing Sherlock cannot hide from John.  He can chew gun or change his clothes, the smell and the taste of tobacco have a way of lingering long after the cigarette has been finished.
Sherlock has another hip snap that ends in a shiver, and he turns on his side, curling in on himself, his eyes closed and lips trembling.
Oh god. It's so fluffy and cliché and ridiculous, and Sherlock is going to call him on it.  John is not good at those things, why does he keep trying?
"Wait."
"I doubt you will feel anything," Sherlock says with haste, as if it is his fault.  "It was very light, which is no surprise given that at this stage, a foetus is a little heavier than one pound but at least as tall as..."
"Yes, you love me," Sherlock agrees.
is clean enough to eat on it.
"What is it?"
"There, I bet the pain is receding," John says when he feels the tensed stomach skin soften under his hands.
It is clear the officer has not heard him.  “Please go back to your house.  We’ll send a team as soon as possible.  Do not try to find another path, I repeat, do not try to find another path.  The ground is still unstable.”
There wasn't air conditioning in the cab.  Sherlock and John were literally dripping sweat when they had exited it, and Sherlock had had to sit for a while, trying to catch his breath and snapping at John for suggesting going back to the flat.
“If help gets here, they won’t take you in the helicopter until the baby’s born.  You are too close.  They’ll wait until after.”
"What, like an arsehole?"
"It's ok, Sherlock, I got you, you can let go.  I got you, you hear me?  Let go," he murmurs softly while rubbing Sherlock's entrance, "show me how beautiful you are when you come."
Sherlock does, with what seems to be a lot of effort to get his head and eyes to cooperate.  He's still blushing, how is it even possible.  His lower lip is shaking as well, and in his too wide eyes there is all the fear of rejection in the world.
“I want to try something.”
For a second, the older Holmes sheds his impassive mask, the hurt in his eyes telling stories John can only imagine.  John's anger leaves him as quickly as it came.  He has learned not to judge Mycroft lately, especially after Sherlock's disappearance. He might even feel some affection toward the man.  The thing is, Mycroft does not let people love him easily.  Whereas Sherlock, underneath his armour, had revealed a man starving for touch and affection, John isn't certain Mycroft can ever take off his own armour.  Not as completely.
He does, and plants a loud kiss on her cheek.
"I have nothing," he says slowly.  "What is this about?"
"Ok.  She's been dead for eight months.  I guess a few more minutes won't make a difference at this point."
“Come on, keep a regular breathing rhythm.  You’re ok, I’m here,” John murmurs straight into his ear.
“Coming.”
"Oh," Sherlock says suddenly, frowning.
But John might have also considered Sherlock's extremely agitated state in the hours preceding the appointment, because of course, his genius of a partner can keep himself under control in the most upsetting situations; that is, until he cannot anymore.
"You, now," he says in a weak voice.  "You."
“He’s going to be a great father.”
Louisa stretches to take a pile of pictures in front of Sherlock, abandoning the Greece travel in favour of Musgrave Hall, a family manor she and her brother inherited -Musgrave is Louisa's maiden name.
John buries himself until his sac makes a slapping noise against Sherlock's skin and stops moving.  He lets go of Sherlock's hip to tug on his own balls, wishing his orgasm away.  He feels like he's been on the verge of coming ever since they began.  Taking a deep breath, he keeps playing with Sherlock's wet curls, then angles his head to catch Sherlock's mouth.  It's clumsy and uncoordinated, but Sherlock moans into it and keeps going, licking at the inside of John's mouth, letting go of one bedpost to tease and pinch at his own nipples, one after the other, letting out a  soft grunt each time he puts more pressure. He's lust and love personified, so full not only of John's cock, but also his child.  And as soon as John's urge starts ebbing away, he slides his arm around Sherlock's belly and caresses it in long circling motions.  His lover.  His baby.  Jesus, John's mind provides him with a steady flow of dirty poetry.
"Sherlock?  Why would he come here?"
“Another contraction,” he announces, his whole body tensing.
John had tried to bring the subject up a couple of times when he had realised that the more time passed, the more difficult it would be to discuss their confrontation, but Sherlock had cut his tentative attempts short, because it was "distracting him from the case."
"John.  Really?"
"You've been lucky."
He's starting to drift off, certain Sherlock is almost asleep, when he speaks, sounding way too awake for John's liking.
"Because I am known for my sense of humour," Sherlock mumbles behind his fingers, peaking at John with one eye.  "It makes sense.  I am pregnant.  It can only have happened five weeks ago, when we had make up sex, remember?  That was the last time you ejaculated in me."
John puts Sherlock's tea on the small table next to his chair. He’s never seen this table’s surface before, as it's usually covered in papers, magazines and other stuff.
The way they both keep their voice low and the regular rumble of the rain is comforting.  John grabs the sports page of the newspaper and for a while, he and Sherlock's mother exchange soft banalities.  John can practically feel the chemistry of both their brains adjusting while they are forging new links.  John is going to be the father of Louisa Holmes' grandchild.  That simple fact has automatically began to change something between them.  And it is good.
He relaxes a little and nods again at Sherlock, who then presses a kiss to his forehead and takes a step back.  John is docile while he's wheeled into his room -a private one, of course, and John won't protest Mycroft's involvement this time.  When it is time to move him from the gurney to his bed, he braces himself, knowing it's going to hurt and focusing on the bit of warm wetness on his forehead.  Another first. It is more John-like to kiss Sherlock like that, a kiss not about desire or even romance, just to make a statement.
He will sleep, John can tell.  In the comfortable silence settling between them, Harry's phone call comes back in his thoughts, but he decides to let it slip for now.  He isn't sure what Sherlock's intentions were, or what his are, for that matter.  It can wait, though.  Right now, everything but Sherlock pressed close to him can wait.
Could happen.  Right now, while he gets ready to jump over a pile of folded cardboard, John kind of wishes it would have happened already.  He lands too hard, feeling a strain in his right ankle.  No time to worry, though, so he keeps running...
John doesn’t answer, he can’t.  What he does is shove a pillow in between Sherlock’s legs and move next to him, rubbing his back and telling him to breathe.  When Sherlock looks at him, his swollen, liquid eyes are as intelligent as they always are, despite the pain, the exhaustion and the fear.  He already knows what John is about to tell him.
Another few seconds, then Sherlock releases the pressure on John’s hand and blinks at him, as if he’s just woken up.  “I can do this,” he says, trying to smile.  “I trust you, John.  We can do this together, right?  It’s just like it’s always been.  You and me against the world.”
Sherlock opens his eyes with a frown.  “You kissed me,” he murmurs. His words are full of surprise, and confusion, just like when he's baffled by something on a case.
“Stop Sherlock, stop, it’s done, she’s here,” John instructs in a firm voice.
"I gave him some intravenous lorazepam because he was really anxious and I wanted him to be able to relax.  But  you know how people who've been addicted to strong drugs develop a resistance to any mood-altering medication?"
John nods.  He can’t remember Sherlock having more than one drink, on occasion - most often after a case, when he’s high on adrenaline and success.
John is aware that Mycroft is getting ready to leave.  He is also aware he's going to sleep, there is no way around it.  Exhaustion wins.  He articulates a slurred "Thank you" for the older Holmes and doesn't catch the answer, or maybe there isn't anything to catch.
Sherlock's expression is priceless.  "Outraged" would be an understatement here.
"Goldfish? Sherlock told you about that?" Mycroft might be blushing slightly, which reminds John of Sherlock and his sometimes paralysing shyness.  God, he wishes he could hold him right now.
"I'm in Glasgow.  I was coming, when he texted me that you had pulled through.  I had found a plane ticket and aunt Doris was kind enough to pay for it."
“Hum.  Yes.  So, there is that.  Hasn’t smoked in weeks, and is currently conducting an experiment about the toxicity level of... actually, I have no idea what is it about but yeah, Sherlock is fine.”
John explains in short sentences what happened back at the crime scene, and how they got to the hospital.  A hot paper cup of coffee is shoved in his hand, and it takes him a while to realize Anthea is the one who put it there.
Mycroft finally arrives, and John can see Sherlock sigh in relief.  After their appointment, he had refused to sit down, asking instead to go wait for his brother outside. It would be nice, he had said, to stretch his legs and muscles.  He hadn't taken into account the too-warm temperature, and how his body would tire easily after two weeks of inaction.  By the way he's leaning against the brick wall, he's already exhausted.
John decides right then, watching fondly over Sherlock eating his chips with a satisfied look on his face, that it is more than time he has a private conversation with Mycroft Holmes, and not only to ask for his help surprising Sherlock with his own private laboratory.
"Are you trying to give me a panic attack?  I don't want to give birth to a tiny, female Mycroft!"  Sherlock protests loudly.
::: :::
"You bad man."
Instead, he tries to grab at Sherlock's shirt, needs him closer, needs his face to be the only thing John can see.
"Oh."
"Yes!  What am I thinking, blood loss must have made you dehydrated, wait..."
"Mmh-mmh."
(See the end of the chapter for
John tightens his grip on Sherlock, who’s face has turned a deep red.  His eyes are shut tight, and he is pushing, groaning deep in his throat.
He feels something tickling his chin, and a light weight settling on his chest.  It's not heavy, but comforting.  The smell of Sherlock -his shampoo and soap, his sweat, a whiff of iodine, or something equally sharp and chemical- is apparently enough, in its familiarity and comfort, to sever whatever is left of John's resistance.
"Nothing is wrong.  Well, my perception is, but that is a brain trick I am not immune to, obviously."
"Oh, my apologies."
Mycroft stares at his fingers as if they were suddenly the most fascinating thing in the world.  He snorts derisively.  “He would be absolutely delighted to hear me worry like this. Makes for good humiliating material for future banter.”
"Why would I hide?"
your favourite jumper," Sherlock points out, lifting his chin in defiance as if his revenge had been in fact very cruel and calculated, which... well,
"Ok," John sits up, relieved.  He knows what is going on.  "Sherlock, it's been a while since we’ve done anything, hasn't it?"
John babbles something about a case which Molly doesn't question -most probably because she's still half asleep.  John hangs up, throws his mobile on the table and curses loud and crude.  Sherlock just broke his promise.
Here it comes.  One of Sherlock's nervous verbal outbursts.  He doesn't even raise his tone while shuffling into the bathroom and sliding on a clean shirt, which has John missing a couple of sentences.  He doesn't think it really matters.  He takes the opportunity to fiddle with his morphine pump.  There is a burning, pulsing sensation coming off his wound, it is only normal, but John is too tired to fight off pain anymore.
"It would be uselessly traumatic to implicate Angela Beeks in the case.  There was no murder, after all.   I know Lestrade will believe my explanation without asking too many questions.  He is tired of this case - and of me.  He will comply, I am certain."
Sherlock is not quite there. His eyes are still squeezed shut, he shakes from head to toes and lets out quiet, plaintive moans.  The transition is never easy for him.  John moves back a little and turns Sherlock on his back.  Grey, tired eyes flash at him for a second.
"But nothing!  Instead of behaving like the detective I'm supposed to be, I let my instinct get the best of me.  And my instinct was screaming at me to protect the b...."
"Because it is all so very stupid!" Sherlock shouts, lifting both arms.  Trust Sherlock to get angry at the discovery of a true and impartial good action on his part. "It... this man, Beeks, he is not a bad person.  He isn't completely stupid either.  He just reacted in a stupid way.  He must have been in shock the night he discovered his wife's body, and Angela must have been hysterical when she caught him.  He just... made a series of stupid decisions.  Because his traumatized, depressed, irrational wife had reduced his life to her universe.  I cannot judge Alexandra Jez, we do not know the extent of the cruelty she suffered at the hands of her father.  She should have accepted help.  Beeks should have forced her hand.  Angie shouldn't have been there that night.  There is no logic in this case, and certainly no culprit.  So tell me, John, what good would it do to put a seventeen-year-old with Down syndrome and her infant half sister through the hell of child protection services?"
While speaking, Sherlock has dragged himself slowly to the new couch and dropped on it without his usual grace (that grace that becomes rarer each day that passes.  Even though Sherlock had stated early on that he would not became one of those pregnant waddling people, it seems he cannot escape a certain clumsiness).
It's not only the experiments.  Sherlock does not touch his website, or his folder of unsolved affairs.  He even texts Lestrade to let him know he is only available for "real" emergencies.  Lestrade text John back in a frenzy, worried something is wrong.  The answer doesn't seem to satisfy him.  He, too, has never known a Sherlock who would voluntarily take some time off to rest.
It’s ten twenty in the morning. Sherlock has been pushing for half an hour.
"I'm getting a flannel."
“I’m ok.”
Sherlock smiles, happy, and it illuminates his whole face.  "Good."
"Luckily," John jokes, "there isn't a sabre tooth tiger roaming around the flat."
I want to thank you guys for all the comments.  I know that cliffhanger wasn't easy, and I hope this chapter will  make up for it.
A thought occurs to John, a funny one, and he welcomes it, the sweet warmth that comes with it.
"It is extremely difficult to think tonight," Sherlock admits after a minute.
“It was the Batman first edition that gave him away, right?”
-Sherlock being a trained boxer is canon, in the Doyle universe.
Suddenly, the flat appears in a hateful light.  It's grey, lifeless, everything in its place with nothing relating anymore to Sherlock's exuberant genius.
“I’m not... I’m not ready for this,” Sherlock babbles.
Of course, he is wrong.  It soon becomes evident that it is bothering Sherlock, and it shows, especially when they are out in public.  He has never had a problem with gathering attention, on the contrary acting as if he deserved it, gracing ordinary people with his precious presence. Now, though, he acts as if every look he gets is because of the weight he carries in front of him, and not due, say, to his personality.
“You are getting ready for the delivery,” Sherlock murmurs.
"What?"
"Stop, it's annoying," Sherlock orders without looking up from his phone that he is typing furiously on.
Because Sherlock Holmes doesn't get upset over a haircut, right?  His physical appearance is a simple construct of elements put together to have the desired effect on people he meets, right?  Right.  He can pretend he doesn't care all that he wants, but he does.  So much.  It would be funny, if John didn't know better.  Because Sherlock, of course, doesn't do anything by half, and his mood is fragile these days.  If he really is that upset, it can last for days, even if in the end it's just about hair.
"A little," Sherlock agrees, and then, finally, John can feel his body give in to the post-orgasm tiredness.  John takes the opportunity to withdraw, wincing in sympathy when Sherlock groans.
Sherlock lets John drags him out of the flat and down the stairs.  He had agreed to try one prenatal class the day before, after John had finally lost his patience and taken his Captain voice.
"Sorry, god, so sorry," Sherlock murmurs, and there he is, stretching his body so that he can look at John.  His scarf has disappeared from around his neck.
"John," Sherlock croaks, pressing both hands on his eyes.
"If we must," Sherlock agrees dramatically.  "Now, let me help you up."
"Why did he do it?  He is her main heir, she had left enough as it was."
"John, get in me," Sherlock growls, grabbing John's short hair to lift his head.
"Or maybe," John says slowly, an idea crossing his mind... "Maybe she wants to tell us something."
John isn't surprised anymore when Sherlock starts a conversation in the middle of sex. He's getting good at multitasking. He has to.  Because this is how sex goes with Sherlock, and John wouldn't change a thing.
The kick he receives below the knees has him groaning in pain, but he endures stoically.  It's not like he didn't asked for it.
John has to admit, he isn't sad to see him go -not that he doesn't appreciate the man, but he kind of wants Sherlock all to himself.
“On my back, on my back!” Sherlock instructs, and somehow they make it work.  Mycroft is sitting with his legs stretched, Sherlock resting against his chest, half sitting, half lying.
And still no sign of either of the suspects.
Sherlock resettles in his previous position, then lift his head suddenly.
"Yes.  Anyhow, Angie's favorite character was the Sussex Vampire.  She liked it because the costume was the scariest.  She borrowed it each Halloween and confided that she wasn't scared of anything while wearing it, because it was magic.  Angie's intelligence might not be typical, but she understood a lot more than her father and stepmother gave her credit for.   She was also tainted by Alexandra Jez's irrational fears.  My theory is that she saw her signature on the wall like some sort of magic spell, that would protect her stepmother's corpse, because she could not see it as a corpse, not completely."
Sherlock obeys immediately.
The tugging in itself has the effect of an electric shock.  Sherlock lets out a yelp and tilt his head back, panting loudly.  Too bad for the kiss, John thinks, and doesn't care.  He could easily finish just by watching Sherlock coming apart.
"I have her, John.  It will be alright," he says in a confident voice.
He runs back with the clothes and the pads Sherlock had insisted they buy. Only one labour out of ten starts with the waters breaking, but Sherlock had prepared for all eventualities.
Speaking of...that week, John also spends an unreasonable amount of time observing Sherlock.  He doesn’t even hide, and only stops when Sherlock comments on it.  John especially loves to watch him play and compose, or sleep.  Yes, John is a creep, who stands in front of the couch and just watches his fiancé’s chest move to the rhythm of his breathing –he might even be smiling like a creep, enamoured and stunnedonce again, realising that this unique, peculiar man is his, and is carrying his baby.
Sherlock is silent for a few seconds.  He closes his eyes and inhales deeply.  Then, he stares straight into John's, open and real and vulnerable.  "Please. Let me stay.  Please, John."
And John, hell, even while thinking :
"Hey, I did not criticise," John laughs, arms opened in surrender.
Early on after their first meeting, John had remarked how Sherlock would avoid being touched.  The glove wearing is borderline compulsive.  Sherlock can very well point out the logical reason behind it, which is that it makes him less likely to contaminate a crime scene, but that doesn’t explain wearing them in spring when he goes out for a walk.  John had once, maybe a week after he had moved in, patted Sherlock on the back for some reason.  He had felt how Sherlock’s whole body had gone as tense as a bow string.  An awkward  silence  had followed.  John could’ve taken it personally, if not for the fact that he had started noticing how Sherlock didn't stand too close to other people, and how his mood changed each time someone invaded his personal space.
"I'm fine," Sherlock replies, wrapping his scarf around his neck.
"Yes, of course.  Why shouldn't we?"
"You heard what I just said?" He asks.  "Now drive!"
"I always need it," John goes with it easily.  They are both safe in bed, after all.  He cannot refuse Sherlock, when he asks, because he doesn't do it often, and John knows how much courage it takes him.
John cannot understand how Sherlock, who's always wore his antisocial personality and disdain for the rules proudly, can be ashamed of the consequences.  That the authorities have spend years having him in check should only feed his pride of possessing a mind the best psychiatrists cannot even understand.  But... of course, it isn't really about the decision of taking what is basically his freedom away from him.  It's about what has led him to that.  Sherlock can speak with amusement and indulgence of his taste for drugs all he wants, John knows he has always been deeply conflicted and ashamed of it -oh, he wouldn't admit it, not even to John, but the truth can be read in in everything he does not say.
Despite what he states, Sherlock's cock is getting pink and plumped, arousal has already changed his breathing.
He's lovely.
"Ok, so, the best way to kill your brother is evidently to hug him to death," John jokes, his laugh getting caught in his throat when he finds himself with an armful of Sherlock, hugging him way less platonically than he did Mycroft, arms around his neck, kissing him so brutally John almost chokes.
“Bad dream?” John asks, sitting next to him.
"Still not getting it."
The other man dismisses him.  Instead of going, though, he takes a cigarette packet out of his pocket and lights up one, breathing in deep the first puff with a satisfied expression on his face, just like Sherlock does.
Mycroft drops his phone once again, and shakes his head slowly.  Whatever happens, it’s between the three of them, and good god, John doesn’t know what to do.
Sherlock nods several times.  He lifts his head, takes another deep breath, and wipes his cheeks with his hand, choking a curse.  Then he looks back at John, and he seems, if not at peace, calmer.  His cheeks are red and his eyes shine, a dark reflection of a grey cloud that's covering the sun.
"You, of all people, really shouldn't judge me.  You hate hospitals.  You keep using me as a way out."
"Part of me was angry because Mycroft was right.  Caring wasn't an advantage.  And being right about that meant he was probably right about the rest, and sometimes... Well, sometimes, I missed being a very young child, thinking I was normal, just like mummy and daddy.  But then I came to the conclusion that nothing could possibly be worth the suffering I went through when Redbeard died. I wasn't prepared, see,  because it was only with him that I was still remaining unguarded."
"Yes.  My parents didn't have any control over me, so, in a way, they gave up -not on me, but on their ability to help -I didn't want to be helped anyway.  They knew Mycroft was better equipped to look out for me.  That's how it came to be how it is - a very superficial relationship, with few calls and visits.  I had my Work and it suited me that way.  But now...my parents obviously desire to be... involved with the baby's arrival, and everything that will follow.  I don't know how to do it."
"My personal car," he says, pointing at a dark shadow on the other side of the road.  "Please let me know if everything is alright."
Sherlock shakes his head violently, and it is so sudden John wonders for a second if he's in pain.  Then, he presses his fingers on his forehead, closes his eyes and groans.
"You are such a romantic.  Imagine how surprised people will be when I tell them you proposed on Christmas, in a romantic, snowy setting."  John teases a little.
John cannot lie to him.  It wouldn’t do any good.
"You must be incredibly tired.  Sleep," Sherlock orders, dragging a chair close to the bed.
What does it matter anyway?  John won't wait for him to come back on his own terms.  He isn't the patient, often clueless flatmate of a brilliant mind he could only admire.  Hasn't been in a long time.
"Where?"
“Are you awake?” Sherlock snaps.  “I am telling you something is happening.  I do not feel well.  Not at all.”
"You have that look.  I don't like it," Sherlock says, following inside.
Sherlock gives John, who's frozen in place, an uncertain smile.  "We both know my priority isn't the Work anymore but you, and our daughter.  Nevertheless, I do not know if I am ready to give it up entirely, which makes me a very bad fiancé, and father.  I am selfish, John."
"What?"
Sherlock sighs from pleasure as John's hand settles there.  He still doesn't look at him, though.
"I want to feel like myself for at least a couple of minutes, that would be nice," Sherlock adds, and his pace slows down.  A little.
John huffs, takes a step forward, and does something he's never done before.  He snatches Sherlock's phone from his hand and shoves it in his own back pocket.
Sherlock looks up at John, eyes wide and lost.  John isn't ready to share, to comfort, to be what Sherlock needs.  He cannot simply ignore what has just happened. He has an excuse, right?  After all, he isn't good with those things.  Neither is Sherlock, anyway.
Sometime later, might be a minute, might be a portion of eternity, John gets up and goes into the bathroom to wash himself.  He brings back a warm towel.  Sherlock is laying on his side in front of the fire, naked and oblivious to the languid, relaxed position he's adopted.  He's still panting, although slower, and deeper.  As John kneels behind him and washes him, he notices how the wet hair at his temple curls up, and has to kiss it.  It's lovely.
“This is a serious question.”
What changes is his attitude toward John, and at first John is unsure if it’s a good or bad thing.  It starts immediately after Moriarty's death.  John comes home feeling fine, his broken wrist more of an annoyance than anything else.  It doesn’t prevent Sherlock from being overly cautious with him, as if John is recovering from a terrible disease.  Of course, with Sherlock being who he is, the care taking is unorthodox at the very least.  It’s in the very small things: offering tea and actually making it himself once in a while, running errands now and then, keeping quiet at night, his violin reserved for daylight for the time being.  Sherlock even takes it upon himself to order take out (with
"Of course not," John reassures him.  "Hey, Sherlock?"
John nods, smiles, and kisses Sherlock’s dry lips.  He tries to smile back, but he’s too busy blinking away threatening tears.
Sherlock straightens his back and closes his notebook.  The only clue so far that he isn't as calm as he pretends to be, is the way he blinks, slowly, intentionally, three times in a row.
For. Eleven. Bloody. Days.
"Your nipples," John trails off.
"It does sounds like you are making fun of me after all," Sherlock protests, turning on his back.
Sherlock nods.  Part of the tension that's been building in the last minute leaves his body.  John sighs, knowing that whatever develops between the two of them, it's unknown territory, and it will necessarily be filled with moments of doubt, misunderstanding and the occasional fight.  Sherlock is not only inexperienced regarding relationships, but more generally on an affective level.  He does feel, probably too much. Why else would he have fought so hard to become insensitive  until the knowledge and meaning of his emotions have become completely alien to him? To be in denial for so long has had Sherlock at a loss of how to deal with them.
Part 2 : Biology
"You're alright?" John asks, untangling his messy curls delicately.
::: :::
"Sleep and me have never really been friends."
“Mhm.  The swing set?”
Sherlock is sitting on the floor, his upper body lying heavily on the closed toilet lid.  His body is plagued by tremors, and soft moans of pain escape him.  Louisa is putting a towel on his neck.  "It's cold," she warns, "but it will feel good."  Sherlock nods, turning his head to the side, toward his mother, toward John.  His eyes are shut tight, his mouth quirked in a grimace of pain.  He yelps when the cold towel gets into contact with his skin, but Louisa shushes him softly, rubbing at his back, and after a few seconds, Sherlock stops shaking.
"Ha. Ha.  You want me to help with your fears, I will.  I just need more than three seconds to make up a plan."
Sighing, he climbs behind Sherlock, covering them with the duvet.  Sherlock mumbles a few words of protest but gradually unfolds, just enough to fit into John's big spoon curve.
Sherlock is panting, hard, letting out harsh, dry groans with a hint of distress in them.
"Love you too."
Chapter 1
"Sherlock..."
"Stop selling it to me."
"Anderson is a jerk," Sally adds, and walks away after nodding toward John.
John smiles, wishing for the hundredth time everything was different, like back when they were kids.  It was so easy back then.  "It's a girl," he murmurs, then clears his throat again, to get rid of the bloody lump that keeps swelling there.
Fun facts :  So, the weather going completely bonkers is, of course, a deus ex machina so that I could have my boys exactly where I wanted them for the labour, and it might have been farfetched if it had been written a few years ago... But nowadays, with all the crazy weather we've been experiencing because of climate change... It seems almost, hum... believable?  So, yeah, I do not feel bad one tiny bit  ;-)
It seems ao3 wants to mess with me today.  The first time I posted the chapter, it repeated itself twice. Luckily, a reader pointed it out.  I tried again, and then found out that there were three copies of the chapter.  I decided to start from scratch, and it seems to have worked.  I check twice, and you guys have the whole chapter, only once.  However, if anyone finds out that it decided to double itself again, please do not hesitate to tell me so that I can fix it.
"However, when I came to the realisation that I had disappointed you, it upset me, which I find very surprising. I
Satisfaction is practically pouring out of Sherlock, and John can't resist him.  He grabs him by the scarf and rises onto his toes to kiss him.  Sherlock giggles in his mouth.  It's lovely.
"Sherlock?"
"That's all I'm asking," John says softly, pushing the door open.
"I am pregnant," he declares.
He nods too.
::: :::
"Well, your niece's I.Q. is only a few points away from her being considered mentally challenged, it is no surprise," Sherlock had declared.
"Yes?"
"I don't even realise I'm doing it," he admits.  "It is such an old defence mechanism I am having a hard time getting rid of it."
"So that is the result when I do thank you, being laughed at," he pouts, trying to push John away. At the same time, though, he cannot hide the smile quirking up his lips.  John keeps a firm hold around his waist and kisses him again.
Exhaustion seems to suddenly grasp Sherlock's body. He collapses onto John, finding what seems to be his favourite spot to lick at his neck, and begins to move his hips once more.
Something warm is laid upon him, the couch's blanket.  John thinks he should be surprised -again, it's getting old- but he just doesn't have the strength.
Bath time has become something special. John loves the quiet intimacy between them, how easily Sherlock accepts his help, let it be by necessity or only to indulge him, or because he does enjoy it.  With a flannel, he washes Sherlock's belly, slowly and carefully.  He feels Sage under his hand, revels in the connection between them.  John knows every square inch of Sherlock's belly perfectly; the location of each mole, the spots where red blotches are more likely to appear, the feel of the indentation of his navel under his fingers,andthe pale, thin blue lines that have appeared above his pelvis: there are three each side, in perfect symmetry –Sherlock doesn’t mind the stretch marks,he calls them his battle scars, with something like affection in his voice.
John already knows the answer, but he still needs Mycroft to validate him.  The older Holmes shakes his head curtly.  Then, for the first time since John has known him, he gives up control of a situation he’s part of.  The sentence is simple; a few words, but they carry an immense weight with them.
"I remember."
They must make quite a picture, Sherlock with his belly standing out like an assault weapon, waddling as quickly as he can toward the exit, with John in tow, still stuttering some lame excuse about a patient to see.
He was aware that Sherlock would tense first.  For a man who doesn’t like being touched and has only recently shown he’s getting used to it when it’s John, not tensing would have been the abnormal reaction.
"Well," Sherlock sighs and looks at him as if he's a dumb five-year-old.  "It is preferable to be able to hold it than to warn a killer you're spying at him from the closet by sneezing as loud as you do."
"John," Sherlock whispers after a few minutes of leisurely cuddles, sights and groans of satisfaction.
"I know you will."
"How are you?"
Sherlock's face has found its place in the crook of his neck once again.  His breath comes out in small, warm puffs, damping John's skin.
"Maybe..." Sherlock breathes deeply again.  "Maybe it is going to be easier from now on."
John loves it when Sherlock demonstrates that his incredible brain isn't only for cold logic and rationality but also beauty and art.  The musician in him can play with words as well as he plays with strings.
"Because then you will tell me how stupid I am to have suggested this when I am the one constantly complaining about the idiocy of social rules and rituals, which only applies to people that cannot think by themselves."
“I am sorry, I am being hysterical,” he says, clearly embarrassed.
« I’ve disappointed you, » Sherlock had said in a cold voice, although John had thought he had been surprised, and a little taken aback.
"Of course he does," Mycroft says simply, as if stating a proven fact.
John smiles.  "You will be amazing.  Because you always are."
"What does it matter to you?" Sherlock snaps.
Sherlock groans in frustration and shoves his head between his hands.  "It is hormonal, I guess?  Right now my body tells me I need to protect and care for what is inside me.  Add to it the most basic instinct of human race, that is, reproduction, and it is hard not considering another option than ending the pregnancy."
But...
"Sherlock, you are worrying me."
“Sherlock, stop, the head is out, stop for a min-“
"I do wish we could have a little slack from the Yard," John admits, lowering the duvet of the freshly made bed.
"Does not make any sense, I know," Sherlock dismisses the idea.  "Nevertheless, there is a particular movement she does... with her head most probably, that gives me the very strong impression something - well, someone - is biting the inside of my pelvis... right there."
"Here is what I meant to say.  Mycroft took care of things, resting assured that any time I wish to go to Sussex, the cottage would be ready on a two days notice.  I really did intend to go back, but like I have said, London is a magnet for me, and of course, the Work is my priority.  To be honest, I didn't delete it but the cottage was buried deep into my mind palace.  It didn't even occur to me to mention it to you."
"I am weak."
John thanks him, then begins apologising, but Lestrade stops him mid-sentence.  "I think it's a bloody right to fall asleep in someone’s company when you've just survived death."
John knows there is little he can do.  Hours stretch.  He paces.  Mycroft texts once more to say he might be onto something, then goes radio silence.  Night falls upon John's anxiety, increasing it.  He nods on and off, jerking awake as soon as he feels himself going deeper.
John turns toward him and wraps a hand around his shoulders the best he can.  "Come on, now.  It's only normal to feel like this.  It's all pretty recent.  It is going to stay with us for a while, Sherlock.  I might have nightmares, or be more nervous on crime scenes.  The same goes for you.  We just have to allow ourselves the time to get over it.  We will."
"So it means..." Lestrade goes on.
"What is happening then?"
He should answer.
"No.  I accepted it and five hours later than I expected, you found me.  Mycroft is getting slow."
This is part 6, accomplishment, and it's complete.  It's been done for a while now, because I wanted the beta work to be all done and now I am able to post each chapter one after the other, give or take a few hours.  I will at the end of chapter four write a note specifically about the choices I have made writing Sherlock's labour and delivery.
"I'm sorry," she pants.  "I just needed to stop you... just... to get away..."
John, too, has been scared.  He has known cases of severe morning sickness that had been resistant to every treatment, one in particular where the birth of the baby had had to be induced, two months in advance, because both the mother’s and the child’s lives were at risk. Luckily for Sherlock, the drugs are efficient.  He's been taking them for a week now and has only been sick twice.  He follows the doctor's orders carefully, eating small meals several times a day, taking vitamin supplements and resting as much as he can -not that he really had the opportunity to do otherwise, with how weak he had become.
She nods to herself, then sends John off. John takes the corridor to the examination room and sees Mycroft leaving.
I am giving further informations at the end of the chapter regarding the case, if you are interested.  Of course, it is never my intention to offend anyone.  Just so you know : that case is only a pretext to show how Sherlock and John progress in the story.  It is the main reason I included it in my story in the first place.
“Your waters are breaking, Sherlock,” he explains, sliding an arm around his waist.
"Okay."
Sherlock doesn't get the -admittedly weak- joke.  "Of course I trust you John, do not ever doubt it," he says solemnly.
"You have to be care-"
Guilt makes John's cheeks burn.  He should have more faith in Sherlock's capacity to care for the child he carries.  The man who pretends he doesn't have a heart has, again and again, shown how much bigger it is than average, because Sherlock doesn't do anything by half.  Not when it matters.
His voice is soft.  He had been angry at some point, but it's gone now.  All John feel is relief.
"No," Sherlock declares, trying to sound disdainful.
"Maybe," Sherlock admits.  He lifts a hand to stop John from speaking.  "And if you want to explain again to me how I should take better care of my transport, I'll pass, thank you.  I do think I caught cold, and it's annoying, and yes, you genius, I sneezed.  Now can we change the subject?"
Moron stares at him, completely immobile.  If he didn't need to bow forward because of the narrow space, John is almost certain he would try to take a soldier's posture.
"I cannot get your... your brain to stop doing what it wants!"
They try.
"Sherlock..." John groans, grabbing Sherlock's slender hips to rub their cocks together more efficiently.  Sherlock lifts his head and lets out a long whine, looking utterly debauched, and innocent, and sexy, and wicked all at once.
Sherlock stretches his long legs while devouring a Bakewell tart -he's always had a weak spot for them.  The spread sheet is open on his thighs and he's looking around the room.
"Thirty-seven," Sherlock corrects.
"As you wrote about it before.  But it is... it's something else entirely, getting to know him."
::: :::
He's shaken by a strong shiver that ends in an almost inaudible moan.
"Now I can think of so many things to do to this very," he plants a kiss on the soft nape, "very", another kiss, "sexy neck."
John blushes so suddenly his ears hurt. He drops the doll's head as if it is a bomb.
"Missed it," Sherlock admits.
“I can’t...” Sherlock pants, “I can’t... concentrate enough to alter my perception of the pain... John...”
John takes a short pause, trying to gather his thought.  "But only on one condition?"
“Yes, it does, and it hurts in my lower back as well,” Sherlock hisses.  “What if I was in labour last night?  I’m almost certain... What if I’m way more advanced than we think?”
him?" John asks, lifting an eyebrow as high as it will go.
Christmas morning doesn't bring snow but heavy rain, falling so hard it wakes John up a little past five. He's careful not to wake Sherlock up.  He had fallen asleep a little past nine and John knows he hasn't left the bed during the night.  Always a soldier, it seems, John has been vigilantly sleeping ever since he came back from the war, never realising it could be useful with an insomniac fiancé.
John smiles fondly.  His heart is swollen to the point it feels it might just give in to the pressure.
"Okay, then, what the hell is wrong with you?  I thought you wanted this."
"Yes.  Yes of course."
He's almost silent, but the way his upper body convulses leaves no doubts.  He's being sick.
.  Oh god, Sherlock.  John takes off his mask with trembling fingers, despite the nurse’s protest.  He needs to ask.
"I... will make sure Sherlock knows how I feel about you and... I'm sorry, again, Amy, I don't know what else to say."
It would be funny to see Sherlock waddle like a duck with his legs apart, if John wasn’t fighting hard a sudden bout of nausea –he always is nauseous when he’s about to panic.
"We'll stop," John reassures him in a soft voice.  "If you want me to stop at any time, you just say the word."
"Well, aren't you the romantic," John deadpans, folding his newspaper.
Sherlock follows, more or less.  His own mobile is trapped between his shoulder and his ear while he types on John's phone, moving his fingers at a dizzying rate.
There are some times when desire is too strong and they begin abruptly, incapable of waiting, already hard and needy...
He's not really annoyed, though, John can tell.  He's as giddy as him and is trying his best not to let it show too much.  But John had seen the sincere smile lighting up his face as they watched the baby on the sonogram screen, currently sucking its -her- little thumb, and kicking both legs.
"Sherlock," John warns.  He does not deny the satisfaction he felt when Sherlock put Lila in her place, but it is starting to get a little too personal.  To his relief, Sherlock doesn't add another word and gives him a quick, apologetic look.
"Good."
"That was incredible," John says, his voice a thin, hoarse whisper.
Not good.
Sherlock is always eager, but rarely voices it so boldly. John sees the pool of precome sticking to his stomach and runs his tongue softly from Sherlock's balls to his glans, feeling the incredible hardness beneath the soft, burning skin.
Mycroft's visits never last long, unless he and Sherlock are in the mood to fight as viciously as they can.  Five minutes later, after assuring Sherlock he would wait for him to announce the news to their parents, and shaking John's hand, congratulating him once more -and really, John should learn to hide his surprise better because he doesn't miss Mycroft's amused gaze- Mycroft leaves, a deafening silence replacing him.  Eventually, John sits in his -
"Not so much humiliate as prove that being a violinist has all sorts of perks."
The taxi's horn hoots for the third time and Sherlock is still on the phone.  Sighing deeply, John leaves the door's threshold and walks back in the flat, following Sherlock's animated voice.
::: :::
John blinks.  Sherlock's face is inches away from his, contorted in fear and panic.  He grabs his face with both hands, and John thinks, far at the back of his mind, how he would like to feel the skin instead of the expensive leather of gloves.
Sherlock nods and, even though he doesn't relax just yet, his eyes lock with John's.  He lifts a shaking hand and run his long fingers in John's damp hair.
He is exasperating, and frustrating, and yes, sometimes, so immature it's easy to consider him like a child that needs tending, but Jesus, John isn't worthy of him if he regards him, even for a second, like a burden.
"When I said I was hoping the shock would kill him, I wasn't being literal,” he whispers while John plugs the kettle.  "No, not Earl Grey.  Mycroft only swears by English Breakfast.  Double the infusion time."
"Where does that come from?  I like... well, it just... in my eyes, it makes you even more unique.  It also offers…um...sexual possibilities that, yes, I'll admit, might be a turn on for me. But good god, Sherlock, it is totally fine.  Don't ever think I would want you to submit yourself to this for me."
John thinks it’s beautiful.
"Please, no teasing.  You can do anything but do not tease me.  I feel... the pain is still there, just hidden behind the pleasure, and I fear it could take over if we are at it for too long."
In the cab, Sherlock doesn't answer, but looks at his phone where he has the recording of the ultrasound downloaded. John inclines his head, his hair brushing against Sherlock's curls, to have a better look.
John is in shock.  That is the only reason he has let Sherlock get away for so long with the nervous babbling he always uses to somehow diminish the weight of a serious statement.
Little imperfections, each being silently cherished by John and reminding him that it is, after all, a man like him he's in love with.  He does not want to ever forget how important this is, because that man needs to be loved, not admired, not antagonized, but loved for who he is.  Scared, lonely, certain he'll always be rejected.  That man, Sherlock, is John's lover who had once shed tears after intercourse because it had been just too much…and, right now, he is the tired silhouette fighting off a cold and trying to appear as invincible as ever, as arrogant, even when is nose is red and dripping.
What a crazy life they lead.  It isn’t the first time a criminal wanted revenge for having been caught.  Sherlock is used to making enemies -he even brags about it.  Most of the time, it’s no big deal.  Because of his markers all over London, his homeless network, and having the British Government as a Big Brother, Sherlock can easily take the upper hand on any potential individual or collective plotting against him.  If it comes down to a physical assault, well, John isn’t only following Sherlock around to ask stupid questions.  Besides, although he likes to see himself as Sherlock’s protector, he has to admit Sherlock is a formidable fighter; agile and silent, deceptively strong: his technique is unique, a result of his boxer training and his knowledge of some obscure martial art called Baritsu.  His hits are few but always efficient.  He knows exactly where to hit on the human anatomy to have the best results.  “Because I fight with my brain,” he had once told John.
Sherlock's scrunched up eyes open to slits.  He goes for a tentative smile.  "Move, please."
Beeks then takes a couple of steps forward to get them to move, and John is about to follow when the door opens completely, and Angie takes a little step toward Sherlock.
"Well, that is what one is supposed to do at night," Sherlock mocks in a tired voice.
John ponders if he has time to follow them, find the culprit and break his nose, but then, it's Donovan's turn to catch Sherlock's attention, and he doesn't want things to go south.  Geez, he's already at the end of his patience and they haven't even started working on the case yet.
"Wow."
"That's it," he says nevertheless, focussing entirely on Sherlock.  "There's a good lad.  Keep going love."
"Where is he? "
...and at some point, they end up on the ground in front of the fireplace. Sherlock is laying down on a comforter John has taken from their bedroom, completely nude, the light of the flames dancing on the canvas of his pale skin, accentuating the shadows, the curves.  Sherlock is panting, his cock resting on his stomach at a slightly different angle than before, pushed up by the small swell of his belly.  He's waiting for John to finish undressing, but John is immobile, kneeling next to him, looking, unable to move, enthralled by what's his, and only his to see. Sherlock is all angles and cutting edges, apart from the roundness of his hips and stomach, and it will keep developing like another contradiction, like the redness of his nipples, just slightly swollen, almost unnoticeable.
It was really unnerving posting the first chapter of this story, since it is the first I'm writing in the Sherlock fandom, after long months of having stopped writing all toghether.  So thank you to all of you, for taking the time to leave kudos or comments.  As a fanfic writer, I never needed much -I have never been one to complain about the number of comments, kudos, etc. For me, it is extraordinary in itself that -even if only a few- people other than myself enjoy my stories.  It's very gratifying.  So, yeah.  Hope you guys will enjoy the second chapter.
"Sherlock, love?  Can you answer me?  Are you even hearing me?" He asks loud enough to cover the cries.
“Yes, darling, I’m here,” John smiles to Sherlock, as though there is a god damn reason to smile.
.  "The literal translation is green thumb," he says instead, his voice high and debit fast.  "Meaning one's natural ability to-"
"Yes, I woke up fifteen minutes ago."
Sherlock had lifted his chin and mumbled: "Well, if you're going to play dirty."
"Exertion isn't good for you."
"Yes, and I probably still will when I hold her in my arms for the first time."
Sherlock stops, mouth open, lowering the glass which leaves John with the straw sticking to his lower lip.  His spits it on the side, observing Sherlock who stares into nothingness, blinking very slowly.  His chin is trembling and, when he tries to put the glass back on the bedside table, he drops it on the floor.  Luckily, it's made of plastic and only contained a few drops.  The noise startles John;  he winces, cannot hold back the groan of pain that escapes his throat.
John is giggling again, and when Sherlock pouts, he rocks him into his arms to calm him down.  The intimacy between them right now is delightful.  It is as if a barrier always present between them when it comes to Sherlock's pregnancy has suddenly disappeared.  Thanks to a vivid nightmare including Mycroft.  John is hit with another fit of laughter and, after a while, Sherlock joins him, his rumbling, wonderful baritone laugh resonating in the room.
They have time.
John gasps, surprised by Sherlock's urgent scream.
“Good.  Because I’m... I’m not sure I can keep the rhythm for much longer,” Sherlock admits.His eyes fill with tears and he wipes at them impatiently.  “I hate being so emotional,” he admits with an embarrassed smile.
“That is a freaking faith leap for someone who doesn’t believe in love. “It is, isn’t it?” Mycroft’s disdainful smile is back, with a vengeance, it seems.  “I am not arrogant enough to think I’m infallible, though, so I need to conclude our little conversation with a warning.”
Half an hour later, the small back alley is filled with police officers, an ambulance is blocking the entry and two police cars the exit.  John is sitting on a wooden box, holding an instant cold compress at the back of his head, handed to him by a paramedic wincing in sympathy after feeling the impressive bump still swelling at the back of his head.  Truly, John doesn't feel that bad: he knows he doesn't have a concussion, and the splitting headache he should be feeling is reduced to a distant dull throb.  After his body wears off the adrenaline still pumping through his veins, he is certain the pain will take over, but for now, he's just content not to be sitting on the ground anymore, keeping a protective eye on Sherlock.
It's good to feel content and peaceful, for the first time in a month. The vomiting spells that had began plaguing Sherlock in November had soon become problematic enough to consult Dr. Brown. As it had turned out, Sherlock has been suffering from severe morning sickness, a condition that is prevalent amongst carriers.  It got to a point where John had to drag him to the A&E, after Sherlock had fainted at the end of an especially violent episode.  There was a limit to what John could do, at home - he could keep Sherlock hydrated, using the intravenous way if it became serious, but had no power in stopping or even diminishing the episodes that would happen several times a day.
"I love it," John murmurs, licking his lips, still thinking about those jeans.
There is too much noise for John to hear what Sherlock is saying, but he can easily imagine the conversation, how he seems to speak too quickly for Lestrade to understand, and the detective's annoyed expression confirms it.  The only difference is the handful of tissues Sherlock presses against his nose here and there.  It is strange, John thinks, how it gets to him.  Day after day, the duality that is Sherlock's personality reveals itself a little more.  As much as he adores Sherlock Holmes, the world's only consulting detective, too brilliant, mad and beautiful (in all his aspects) for John to be worthy of him, he loves the other just as much.  Sherlock, a thirty-six-year-old man, human (so much more than he lets on), achingly fragile and imperfect.  Sherlock who whimpers sometimes when he sleeps, who drools all over his pillow when he's tired.
"Yes, well, deal with it."
"It's your call."
"Losing control, right?" he asks, tilting his head to be able to look at Sherlock.
“She’s so clever,” Sherlock says, and the uncertain smile that illuminates his tired face has John’s heart breaking once more.  God, he loves that man.  He never thought you could love someone that much, never thought it could grow exponentially with time.
Here is the evidence. John is in love with someone irremediably broken, brilliant in his madness, and he wouldn't want it any other way, considering how he is as broken as him, in a different way.  Fixing each other has never been a goal, not even a desire.  What brought them together in the first place had a lot to do with it, because of the imperfections that made them so different.  Broken can be good.
But Sherlock is knocking frenetically at the glass panel, his face a pasty white.  He pushes John's caring hand away when the cab comes to a halt and opens the door, bending over the dirty sidewalk, one foot on the ground, the other still in the cab, holding onto the opened door.
"You're sitting on it."
"You close, lovely?"
Panic settles low in his guts.  After another useless contraction and forceful push, Sherlock’s upper body is sliding down the armrest, and when Mycroft tries to keep him up, he sobs that he can’t, that it hurts too much, and ends up on his side, sobbing silently, shaking and sweating.  Mycroft looks at John, the question clear in his piercing eyes.  “What are you doing, what is going on?”
“Sherlock, you’re a poet,” John mocks gently.
John also has a look at Sherlock’s pants and assesses the clarity of the amniotic liquid.  Everything is under control.
The documentary is following two American gay couples thorough both carrier's pregnancies, one of which ends in a planned C-section, while the other ends in a natural birth.  Sherlock has been more than suspicious of John's idea to help him with his fears, and to his credit, John's explanations were a little blurry.  In his head, it is so clear: Sherlock is focused on the science of birthing, on the logic behind every symptom, every fact, and in doing so, they both might have missed what normal parents-to-be experience; nervousness and joy, expectations, living in the present instead of worrying about the future -and most of all, enjoying the chance they have to experience the arrival of a child.
"I can't have an abortion.  I can't, John."
"Celebrate how?" Sherlock asks slowly, lifting an eyebrow.
Outside, thunder rumbles, and lightning strikes abound.  It has begun quite suddenly.  John wonders if it’s the same back in London, or wherever the secret army helicopter is located, and if it could take off as planned.  Mycroft’s phone has rung a couple of times, but he didn’t answer, finally discarding his mobile by throwing it haphazardly on the floor.
"I'm going to put you on strict bed rest, for at least two weeks.  We can reassess later."
The table is covered in baby items, from nappies to bum cream, just to name a few.  There is also a wide array of information brochures.
"For fuck' sake!" Lestrade exclaims, lifting both arms in the air.  "Ok, everybody out, let's give Sherlock some space to work.
"I thought it would be Mycroft."
John knows that Sherlock does his best to avoid people with an intellectual disability and young children during cases.  He's often incapable of finding to right tone to reach them, and it's always been a source of frustration and embarrassment.
"The drugs..."
John hadn't said anything.  He had grabbed the atrocity and had wrapped it cautiously before throwing it in the bin outside.  He had warned Sherlock that the next time he neglected to put his damn experiments in bags or boxes - waterproof ones, please, and non-transparent, ideally - he wouldn't get any warnings.
"I didn't know you had this place too.  It doesn't seem used a lot."
John wants to question Sherlock's sincerity, but it's too hard to form words.  His hand drops on the sheet.  He yawns.
“I am not disappointed in you,” John states as loud as he can, although it sounds weak, barely a murmur.
"It's for her, Sherlock, later.  She'll want to see."
“You have tears in your eyes,” Sherlock remarks.  “I didn’t realize you would get so emotional over my idea.”
He really is incredibly tired.
He slowly puts his violin away and turns toward John.  His face is even paler than usual, making his eyes stand out, so blue and bright they seem like something not fit for this world.  They have dark circles under them, though, and the rim is red.  Insomnia, or maybe... crying?
"I am sorry."
"What?"
Then, he cannot help himself.
He is truly worried about Sherlock, John realises.
They eat Christmas dinner around two, and it's nice.  Sherlock is in a good mood, which has John in an excellent mood.  They eat slowly, after the present exchange, and John shares a long conversation with Louisa about their living space - are they intending to move, or is the flat fit for a baby?  This is a subject John and Sherlock haven't talked about yet, and the answers presents itself as evident when John gets to it.  Of course they'll stay.  Sherlock needs to be at the heart of London.  221B is their home.  John cannot see himself elsewhere either.
him.  And how scary it must have been, jumping into the unknown, living in the fear that human interactions, sentiment, would always remain an enigma. John had promised himself, early on, that he would always guide Sherlock through it, and never take advantage of his naivety and ignorance.
John nods.  He wishes Sherlock would come closer, but doesn't know how to ask.  It is usually the other way around.
Sherlock explains, his voice quick and tinted with a tad of condescension, how he deduced it by the hints he got from Beeks himself, and around the house. However, John, who - he's not ashamed to admit - still loves those quick-fire deductions just as much as the first day, is distracted.  Something is wrong.  Sherlock seems to be acting... playing his own role, with just a bit of... too much.
"What are you still doing here?  Don't you have to stop the impending apocalypse or something?" Sherlock snaps.
John is lifted and pushed.  For a moment, he gives in and let unconsciousness take over.  He's tired, so very tired.
Sherlock does not seem to have the slightest idea of its content, he stares at his brother suspiciously while he opens the letter.
"But how can I think about anything else?  My mind keeps suggesting scenarios of all the different ways it could have gone wrong..."
"Oh please, I am only stating a fact, do not take it personally.  You do know I appreciate your small contributions," Sherlock huffs, dismissing John's vexation with a vague hand gesture.  "If you do listen to me from time to time, you know what the problem is here.  My imagination is my worst enemy when I work.  Now we have a case with an impressive number of variables, and therefore just as many possible solutions; or, more accurately, as many paths to take toward those solutions.  I cannot allow myself to try solving it at this point, because too many facts remain unknown, and whatever path I choose to take, it will be by making suppositions, which are of no use, really.  What's worse is that when I'll have finally gathered enough clues to go on, my brain will try to make them fit the solution I imagined, therefore distorting my logical process.  It was a serious enabler when I first began solving simple problems as a child, and it took me quite some time to understand how to shut it down."
John waits, a bit frustrated but mostly just glad Sherlock could overcome his worries to allow himself the release he needed.
Sherlock blushes adorably.  "I propose we head home, now, because I am in need of a thorough fucking.”
"What?  No.  Sage Watson Holmes."
"It makes sense," Sherlock murmurs, sill a little short of breath.
Notes with slight spoilers for season four at the end.
John's fist are clenched, and it doesn't escape Mycroft, of course.  He takes a step back, frowning.
.  Ordinary, broken ex-soldier John Watson.
"Are you telling me you would like for me to keep the child?"
"John!  I am not.  Joking."
::: :::
Sherlock doesn’t answer, busy groaning from pleasure when John presses on a tensed muscle.
"So you keep saying," Sherlock says, letting the unused tissue fall beside him.  Then, it seems like he's remembering something important.  He stares at his hands on his belly for a whole second.
It might not be possible, though, and there is no way John is forcing Sherlock to move if he refuses.  The advantage of the sofa is that it only has one armrest (which is the reason Sherlock could fit on it in the first place), with the other side giving John an easy access.  It is also close enough to the fireplace that he won’t have to worry about Sage suffering from hypothermia.
John doesn't do a andrological exam. Better not to put the birth canal under unnecessary stress, it could worsen the bleeding.  All he does is evaluate the state of it.  It is still normal.  Sherlock's testicles are a bit swollen, but it happens frequently with male carriers into their third trimester.  Blood is still seeping out, but it's a very thin trickle mixed with sweat.  There are no clots, and the smell is normal.  John asks Maria for an amniotic liquid tester stick; the small absorbent paper will turn pink if there is amniotic liquid in the substance analysed.  He sighs in relief when the test is negative, as it means the blood is not coming from the uterus, and Sherlock's waters haven't broken.
Oops. John startles, realising he isn’t sitting anymore but lying downon the bed.
"Oh for goodness sake, stop what?  WHAT, JOHN?"
John grabs the soap and begins to wash himself, and it takes a few minutes before he realises Sherlock hasn't begun yet.  He's standing right under the spray, arms wrapped around his too thin body, eyes closed.  He doesn't seem distressed, or lost.  Just... pensive.
"I am scared, John. I am.  It is beyond logic, beyond common sense."
"You are," John mumbles, then spits in the sink.  "Though I would save the
"Let's not play this game anymore.  It never was funny to begin with."
John stays close, a few centimetres separating him from Sherlock.  Sherlock’s eyes are shut tight.  He licks his lips.
John’s smile grows wider.  He lowers his head to look at the bulge in Sherlock’s trousers, and he can almost make out the shape of his cock pressed against the soft fabric.
"And again with the dirty talk."
"Why am I not surprised?"
"Ok.  That is...good, I guess."
Sherlock rearranges his brother's jacket and John grabs his umbrella, which has fallen on the floor at some point.
John is amazed to find himself grunting, marvelling at the assault of sensations.  He lets Sherlock push him on his back until he's stretched on the couch, so that Sherlock can settle over him, aligning their bodies just right. John makes himself pliant.  He's used to taking the lead -has always had a dominant side in bed- but right now, he holds back, letting Sherlock decide what he wants and how he wants it.  It seems to work, because Sherlock is overtaken by a whole body-shudder, and for a moment, he stops moving altogether.  He presses his forehead against John's, plastering himself against his body. Then, short of breath, he smiles -a soft, shy smile. John smiles back, sharing the air between them, rubbing at Sherlock's back with his hands, pressing them here and there because he needs so much.  Needs to be in contact with as much skin as possible, feeling the hot, lean body so close, like he doesn't know where he himself ends and Sherlock begins anymore.
"You put me back together, again," he says, voice very soft.  "Thank you, John."
It is difficult, and in certain cases downright impossible, to hide anything from Sherlock.  He's been on constant alert since his belly has started to show for any sign John was trying to take a picture of him.
Up until then, John had thought the only reason Sherlock would hesitate was the fear that John might have a different opinion.
John bends toward him so that their faces are inches away from each other.  He hasn’t let go of his hand.
"Why?  Is the case too easy for you?"
John drinks another scotch.
"Nope."
"I know." John kisses the top of his head.  "That is why I enrolled us in a couple of prenatal classes."
The picture was not all that clear, and it would be difficult to identify anyone by those standards.  It was one of the reasons for the fight Sherlock and Lestrade had had after the interview. Lestrade had trouble seeing how irrefutable the proof was that the mysterious worker at
John drops on his belly and reaches for the birth canal opening.  And god.
, like Sherlock would say with a roll of his eyes.  Right.  He clears his throat.
“If the amniotic sac is ruptured, we need to leave now, there is the risk of the baby having moved down and compressing the umbilical cord, albeit it is not very common, but the more we wait the more chance there is for an infection to develop, my uterus isn’t protected by the amniotic pouch anymore.  This... oh, this is all wrong, John.  I was supposed to wait, wait at home as long as possible.  With you.  Away from all those nurses and doctors and machines, but now we can’t, and besides, this is not home, not like Baker Street... Mrs. Hudson is supposed to be there and come every once in a while to ask how I’m doing until I snap at her and say something impolite, and you... you are supposed to call everyone and to take care of me and before we have to leave for the hospital we have a few hours just for ourselves and...”
Sherlock waves a dismissive hand and collapses on the couch.  "Suit yourself."
"You never told me you were a carrier."
"How susceptible," Sherlock smirks, pushing John aside to give it a try.
"Sherlock, will you let her do it?" John asks, as softly as he can.
"It is chemically impossible to fall in love with a place," Sherlock replies.  "Metaphorically speaking, though, it is probably the closest way to describe my reaction with accuracy."
A few months ago, Sherlock had found himself locked in the trunk of a car by a criminal who for once had anticipated
However, his idea is quite brilliant.  John won't deny he had spent some time thinking about Sherlock's experiments and how he would bring the matter of their daughter's safety to him.  There might have been a couple of nightmares involved, one in particular with a premise so ridiculous John wouldn't talk about it for a million pounds.  Let's just say it included a missing infant, a crazy Sherlock and a machine capable of shrinking things.  John doesn't even remember having ever seen the Disney movie.
Sherlock sniffs for dramatic effect and stands up slowly, with John's help.  "I apologise for the sentimental display."
John is worried.
Mycroft doesn’t even acknowledge his presence.  He’s on the phone, his face as pale as Sherlock’s can sometimes be.
"Hello, brother mine," Mycroft grimaces a smile to Sherlock, with a little less disdain than usual.  "I see you are... prospering," he adds, waving his hand toward Sherlock's protruding belly.
In the meantime, if there is anyone still following this fic, I hope you will at least enjoy this part, and forgive me for making you wait for so long.
Outside, the snow has slowed down, but the wind seems to have picked up.  John curses nature, man-made climate change and exceptional low pressure current, but also isolated locations and untended unstable soil.  It makes him feel just a tiny bit better.
"Come on, be a good lad, say it."
Sherlock blinks nervously and swallows several times before nodding.  He tries to sit up.  John catches him just before he collapses back on the mattress and helps him steady himself.  Sherlock rubs at his face, groaning.  "I'm awfully cold," he croaks.
"Yes, yes, I know," Sherlock cuts John off.  He's getting agitated.  "But how am I exactly supposed to...um...frequent my parents more?  I don't really know them, I wouldn't know where to start.  My twenties were a bad decade for me, the worse, to be honest.”
"Yes.  Yes, we are, Sherlock.  Fuck, I love you."
“It’s fine, Sherlock, it’s... You’re going to have a baby.”  How can those words sound so surreal, even now that John is
Of course, Sherlock is already in the corridor, putting on his coat.
He’s vomiting, held on his side, and an incredible amount of water mixed with bile and blood flows onto the cement floor.
Perfectly?  Maybe not.  Sherlock's uneasiness was almost palpable.  John is curious, but he has a job to do, so he keeps on walking, and after a few more seconds of hesitation, Beeks leads the way to the kitchen.
John smiles at Sherlock's confusion.  The detective doesn't see it, busy searching his mind for a potential fault he might have committed.
Better to try to change the subject.  Sherlock might be able to find out the answer to Mycroft's secret even if John doesn't have a clue.
John tries to keep his expression as open and honest as possible.  Sherlock frowns, and seconds pass by, until a quick smile twist up his lips.
Sherlock tenses suddenly, letting out a surprised cry.  "Oh John, it's... I cannot stop it it's coming and it's coming fast," he babbles in a panicked voice.  "Faster, please, faster, need to, gonna-"
Another five minutes pause.
Another factor hinting at the theory that the labour is either more advanced than it seems, or progressing at a fast pace, is that the contractions appear to be already painful.  Of course, Sherlock shows great restraint –he has been practicing mediation exercises to control the pain assiduously- but the way his face quirks into a grimace, the heavy breathing through his nose, his clenched teeth, and the grip he has on John’s wrist – are all sings of how much he’s suffering already.  Sherlock has a great tolerance to pain –he’s been running after suspects with sprained ankles and concussions, has let John stitch his wounds more than once without any lidocaïne.  John doesn’t think he would react so strongly to contractions at the very beginning of the labour.
"Her name was Violette."
"Did the doctor actually make that decision, or did you ask for a special treatment?  Usually, after a femoral artery surgery, the patients are kept under observation for a week."
"What?"
Before panic takes over, John switches into doctor mode.  It's something you learn quickly, when you’re in the army.  How to work despite knowing most of your patients on an intimate level.  He wouldn't have made it otherwise.
"And you saw it coming?"
"Told you we would fit."
A burning sensation explodes in John's left thigh.
Mycroft considers John in silence, something like sympathy and surprise washing over his features.
...What in the hell?  Sherlock is still in bed, lying down next to him, and still asleep, apparently.  He fights with his sheets, groaning, and sweating profusely despite the temperature.  By the strange motions of his arms, he seems to be trying to get something, or someone, away from his belly.  He arches his back and lets out a dry sob.
my life.  I want -I
"And since when do we follow the rules?  Listen.  It's clear that part of your life is still painful even to think of.  I never talk about my time in Afghanistan, and you never ask.  Why?"
. John loves it.  It's soft and comforting but there is also a hint of mischief and joy, it is perfect.  John closes his eyes and lets the music take him.  Sherlock has been playing a lot since he's been allowed to leave his bed, which tells John he must have missed it terribly.  He's now making up for lost time.
Sherlock takes a deep breath, having forgotten to do so, once again, while he was speaking.  It triggers a light cough that doesn't last long.  John is satisfied by the sound of it.  No trace of accumulated mucosity. It seems Sherlock's cold is almost cured.
"No, we're going to the Royal Free, John corrects.  "I know North Middlesex is the closest, but the A&E at the Royal Free is better equipped. It's only a few minutes more."
Sherlock has been quiet in the cab ride, and quiet and compliant once they reached Baker Street.
"Yeah.  Hum... well, thank you.  Did the hospital call you?  You aren't even listed as my next-of-kin."
"What?" John asks.
"And where is the diamond now?"
"You guys are nothing alike."
"No!  Let me finish, it's important.  I have been thinking, and all the facts, all the data point toward an abortion.  The only exception is unreliable.  It is a feeling, an idiotic concept -but nevertheless, it is always where I end up when I think, no matter which path I take.  I can do something good, for once. Don't bring up the Work because we both know I do it for myself, for the satisfaction it brings me.  But this...it is good, and it feels incredible, to know that I am carrying something that is growing into a potential human being.  I love you, John, to an extent that scares me sometimes.  I think about what would happen to me if I were to lose you and then I can't breathe.  So, having...created something with you, a child that exists because of the love I feel, it seems like a miracle, something so precious -exceptional, even. No matter how hard I try, I cannot see the facts anymore, and I feel empowered, privileged. My body did something that will never stop amazing me.  Getting an abortion would be the selfish choice, and that is the only kind of choice I have ever made.  So, you understand now how confusing it is."
But no, after the dishes are washed, and Sherlock has solved a murder via his mobile in half an hour (
Sherlock gives a tiny smile, and then shrugs.  "True, but you keep telling me I am wrong, so why would you indulge yourself?"
"If she keeps this up the excitement will kill her," Sherlock declares.
"Listen, I'm glad you are working the case with Lestrade, it keeps your mind busy.  And yes, I would like to be part of it, if it's ok with you.  It seems I need some distraction too.  Spent too many hours with Mrs. Hudson discussing of the best way to get rid of ketchup stains."
John is still laughing when he goes back to find Mycroft.  He finds he can still maintain a clear mind, and a calm, stoic attitude. For now anyway.  He hopes the older Holmes has just made a miracle possible, and that some special helicopter from the army or even the MI-6 is on the way.  When it comes to Mycroft’s resources, nothing is ever farfetched.
“I... can’t...” Sherlock whispers, before finally, he swallows a huge gulp of air.  The contraction is receding.  Sherlock stretches an arm toward John, and John takes his hand immediately, pressing it softly.
John realises he has made a mistake as soon as one of the paramedics tries to touch Sherlock.
"..."
John refuses to take a guess before he sees the body.  Sherlock sighs at him.
Sherlock shrugs.  "Ok or not, it is not something I can control.  With the hormones overflowing my brain, I can only go with it.  It is only chemistry after all.  Fascinating."
Sherlock lifts his chin with all the dignity he can manage and ignores John's bright smile in favour of the plate of cinnamon swirls biscuits.  He snatches two and shoves them both in his mouth.  It's good to see him eating.  John can see Louisa make the same observation.  He can practically see how she goes from almost scolding him about eating biscuits before breakfast, but then her eyes catch the way Sherlock's pyjamas are riding low on his waist, revealing a hipbone, and she just smiles very softly.
Definitely an improvement.  About to be ruined Mycroft.
John nods, stretching a hand to grab Sherlock's.  "I know.  I know, I am sorry.  I'm not good at... you know... depending on others."
John puts the letter on the high black working table, he can read it in depth later.
Leave it to Sherlock to say such lovely words, like whispered secrets, when they are like that.  He's more romantic than John will ever be, because he doesn't know how to be otherwise.
"That is always nice to hear," Sherlock pouts, but he isn't really upset, John can tell.
It might be shock, John thinks.  He doesn't quite know what to do but he figures the least is to give Sherlock space to digest the news.   It isn't like he's alright himself.  He knows what is coming.  Sherlock has made it clear from the start he doesn't want kids -and well, John hasn't been thinking about it for a long time.  Their lifestyle isn't suitable for raising children.  Sherlock is a handful already so imagine if...
"Oh my god, stop torturing yourself," John cracks up, laughing so hard his stomach hurts.  He sits besides Sherlock and grabs him by the waist, then presses a loud kiss on his cheek.  Sherlock seems to debate whether he should be offended or amused.
John goes to Sherlock and grabs his hand.  He needs to be solid, needs to be the rock on which Sherlock can lean.  He finds he still is able - at least partially- to separate himself from his emotions, an old trick he learned in Afghanistan. Well, not so much learned as developed unconsciously.  You cannot care for a patient with the world exploding around you if you’re unable to compartmentalize.
"What have you just agreed to?"
John stretches and arm and presses the back of his hand on Sherlock's forehead -he manages a second before Sherlock sighs and pulls back.  And yes, his skin is damp and hot.  He has a fever.  That explains the chills.
John is split between incredulity and irritation.  "You really thought about it, yeah?  This isn't just... a fantasy.  You thought about us moving here permanently."
Dr. Brown is quick to reassure them that everything is fine, the placenta's location on the back of the uterus ideal, and Sherlock's estimation of the embryo's age is spot on.
"You noticed?"
His expression is one of bewilderment.  He looks at John, not breathing, mouth slack, and tries to choke out his name before finally, finally he starts coming, wave after wave of tremors going through him, his cock twitching violently while wetness spreads on the front of his pyjama pants.
But Sherlock doesn't sigh, or roll his eyes, or smile derisively.  "My John," he says in a gentle voice.  "You are mine, right?"
Sherlock doesn’t hear the last words of the sentence; he’s groaning, loud and unabashed, moving his hips back and forth, as if trying to get away from the pain.  Meanwhile, John asks for Mycroft’s help once more.  He looks doubtful.  “Are you sure...”
Sherlock, who is a total sucker for having his hair played with, seems to immediately feel some relief.  John works his scalp with slow movements and a medium pressure.  Soon the room is filled with the smell of mint and Sherlock's groans of relief.  It takes ten minutes to put him to sleep.  Just before he lets go, he smiles at John with the same expression he had that time he was given anxiety medication.  "Thank you," he slurs, and closes his eyes.
Cold.
, John thinks selfishly
He had said meaner things in the past.  The truth is, John isn't angry at all.  He had told Sherlock to entertain himself and not to speak to him again until the end of the journey, mostly because he thought that, maybe, Sherlock would calm down and even sleep a little.  John is worried about his mother's reaction upon seeing him.  Sherlock has lost ten pounds since the beginning of his pregnancy.  His face, already long and angular, now seems emaciated, just like the rest of his body.  His eyes are constantly sunken, dark circles under them, and the skin of his cheeks is covered of tiny red dots, due to the bursting of blood vessels during the most violent vomiting fits.  John isn't sure that telling Mrs. Holmes that Sherlock is actually doing better will be enough to reassure her.
Putting the pack of Earl Grey on the counter, he turns toward Sherlock.  He doesn’t have much time, he knows.  Sherlock’s brain gears are in motion, and moving fast.  It’s a matter of seconds before he figures out why Mycroft had wanted to see John.
Sherlock is right.  Once, John had wanted kids.  When you escape death, it's impossible not to wonder about what you leave behind.  And yes, at first, he'd been dating -so many women he had lost count, because it had seemed like the only way to feel alive again, reaching the tired dream of having a family, settling down.  Because the prospect of growing old lonely had been bloody terrifying.  Along came Sherlock.  Maybe he'd always been there, in a way, a subconscious part of John knowing everything that came before him was in fact the prologue to the John Watson story.
There it is, they are fighting, and it's too late, for John, to try and regain his calm, not after being accused of acting like a child when it is exactly how Sherlock has been behaving lately -how he bloody behaves most of the time, to be honest.
Well, maybe John himself won’t be much better.  He doesn’t have more experience.  Anyway, it’s not like they have the choice.  Suddenly, John knows exactly how he will occupy the next couple of weeks, and he decides, right then, that he won’t spare Sherlock.  It should be interesting.
John still watches the door while he's settled and hooked to another set of machines, as if the access to the room could disappear in a blink. At least, his doctor title allows him to negotiate the removal of the damn oxygen mask to have it replaced by nasal cannula.
It suddenly occurs to him that Sherlock often loses himself in the music when he plays, and his usual hyperawareness is therefore absent.  Praying for him to be facing the window, as he so often does, John takes his mobile and settles the parameters of its camera.  He walks from the kitchen to the living room as silently as possible, and finds that indeed, Sherlock has his back to him.  He's wearing new clothes, from the batch he had ordered from his tailor shop two days ago – an assortment of trousers in light neutral tones, new jeans, soft and pale, t-shirts -yes, t-shirts and long-sleeve shirts.  No more shirts, or expensive, dark three-pieces.  "Yes," he had admitted to John, "yes, you were right.  Formal clothing has become incredibly uncomfortable, and I am very sensitive to heat.  Comfort and lightness, as you can see, but still, I hope, in good taste."
"You are kind, John, but-"
I though seriously of warning for mention of suicide.  If I was to write a story where suicide is an important part of the plot, and close -or happening- to my main characters, I would of course warn the potential readers beforehand, not only in a note but in the tag section.
I've already received so many nice comments showing your support and appreciation and really, I am humbled and very, very touched.
“He’s a miracle alright,” John agrees.
They calm down when another deafening thunderclap buries their laughter.   Sherlock turns on his side, with John's help, so he can shove his head in the crook of his neck.  His belly is pressing on the side of John's body, just how he likes.  He wraps an arm around Sherlock's thickened waist, caressing him in a slow, lazy motion.
It's a small bathroom, the toilet is long gone and the bath full of rotten wood planks.  Sherlock is leaning against the wall, breathing hard and fast.
He's pissed at Sherlock for dragging them there, and he knows it's completely unjustified.  They've been on the case for six days and so far, Sherlock has proven once again how brilliant he can be.  To think that the only clue he could get anything interesting from was a single feather, back at the crime scene... And now, they are untangling a plot involving two lab workers selling information to the highest bidder. The death of Peter Gainsburg, a simple clerk who was at the wrong time, is merely counting given the pharmaceutical scandal that will surely follow.  Sherlock isn't here for the scandal, though, he's here for the murder -incredibly gruesome, showing a penchant for violence that has left John with a sour aftertaste in his mouth and some definitely unwelcomed souvenirs of Afghanistan.
What I wanted to show with this chapter is mainly that "my" Sherlock, which at the beginning of the story is a lot like the early seasons BBC Sherlock, is evolving, because of his relationship with John and his pregnancy.  I also wanted to brush the matter of post-partum depression, and having a child who is different, because those matters are part of his fears.  It will be elaborated in the upcoming chapters.
Sherlock frowns.  "I am the one reading the other's thoughts in our couple, remember?"
"There is no foetal monitor in here, is there?" John asks Maria.
Well, John can only speak for himself, of course, but Sherlock had never been shy about asking for some time alone, and he hadn't, not even once.  If anything, he's been more relaxed and happy than usual, even though things are strangely quiet with his work, as much with Scotland Yard as with private clients.  Of course, Sherlock needs to be... stimulated, constantly, or else his melancholy mood is quick to make a comeback, but it has been easier than usual, mostly because he hasn't played the spoiled brat and dismissed everything that wasn't related to his work.
But then, when will it all come to an end?  John knows, he just knows, that even if he asks (which he wouldn't, it would be the worse way possible to begin their life as soon-to-be parents), Sherlock won't stop the Work, pregnant or not.  In the end, he'll be confined to solve what he can without leaving the flat, mostly, but for the months to come, what is supposed to happen?
The abandoned building is three floors high, and seems to be in good shape, despite having been left to rot for more than two decades, according to Sherlock.  A police officer guides them to the third floor through a narrow staircase, the elevator being considered unsafe.  John cannot help but notice how slowly Sherlock walks up, with a hand under his belly and another holding the rail with a solid grip.  He also hears him panting, even though he does his best to be silent.  Restraining himself from offering his arm or suggesting he takes off his coat - it's ridiculous to wear it, given the warm temperature - John prays once more for the case to be one of those Sherlock solves in minutes, bragging in front of Lestrade and complaining he's been disturbed for nothing, before exiting the scene in dramatic fashion.
“John-“
"Yes. I was serious about the epidural, John.  There has been great progress made in recent years with that technique.  It is now easier to control the intensity of the anaesthesia while..."
John leaves the bathroom door open because the window is very small and the house dark.  He needs to know if the amniotic liquid is clear, because if it isn’t, it’s a sign the baby might be in distress.
“Hey, it’s ok, calm down, I got you.  Alright?  I got you.”
phone, and interacting with another human being and all) and to be the one to open the door to the delivery guy - he even pays a couple of times, dear god.
John put his hand next to Sherlock's, just content to feel the warmness of the skin underneath the fabric.
"John," Sherlock complains.
"Four hours," John reminds him.  "To buy a bloody toaster."
“They took advantage of the chaos following the explosion and fled the scene.”
"Oh, look at the time; we've slept for almost three hours," Sherlock answers, looking down at his mobile.  The way he fidgets with it is so exaggerated and false that John wonders how he can get away with impersonating people, and lying without blinking, while on a case.
"God... God, John," Sherlock murmurs.  "God, I can't... John."
John nods.  A common complication of carrier's pregnancies is the width of the pelvis, which often doesn't enlarge enough to allow the baby to pass through the birth canal.  A birth canal sonogram is usually done after the six month mark to evaluate the exact broadness of the passage.  It is then compared to an evaluation of the baby's weight.  That is how, when there is even the shadow of a doubt, a scheduled c-section is planned.  More than fifty percent of all carriers’ deliveries are done by c-section.  Sherlock is one of the lucky ones whose birth canal doesn't pose a problem for a natural birth, but Amy Brown had still given them a choice.  It hadn't been a tough decision.  Sherlock had gone into a monologue citing studies and statistics proving a natural birth was preferable and held less risks.  No need to speak of it any further, he had added, but John had seen how pale his face had turned.
They watch lots of bad telly during that week; they play board games, they nap in the middle of the day, cook together.  They also talk.  John cannot remember a time when talking with Sherlock about their daughter and the changes to come in their life has been easier. Sage’s second name is chosen during those long conversations. John is surprised when Sherlock suggests Martha as the baby’s second name.  It is true Mrs. Hudson has done a lot for them- she isn’t their housekeeper, at least according to her- but she is much more than this : she’s a second mother to both of them.
"It does not mean the fear is gone, but it is... it feels... comforting, thinking of those couples."
John whispers, feeling like Sherlock's attentive gaze is piercing his soul.  "There is something I want to say, and I should've say it way sooner.  For that, I am sorry."
"John?"
Outside, the wind has picked up, making leaves dance on the pavement.  John has to get closer to catch what Mrs. Holmes is yelling.
"It's incredible," he whispers, as if he's scared to upset the baby.  "She was a sesame seed not so long ago."
Sherlock sighs, turning into John's arms, staring seriously at him.  "We need to make decisions... practical decisions.  I have made a list."
::: :::
"Oi, is he alright?" The cab driver asks in the rearview mirror.
Sherlock nods.  John is counting on the car trip to calm him down.
"And remember what you promised," John cuts him off.
“Strange...” Sherlock trails off, taking a pie while his stareat his brother intensifies.  “It’s almost as if... it was your idea to stay for supper all along.”
“So, Moriarty’s dead?”
Sherlock sighs and lays his head on John's chest, wrapping a hand around his waist.  When he speaks, his voice rumbles, vibrating against John's chest.  "I made a fool of myself with Lestrade."
"I was about to propose to make a few calls for you, if you wanted a discreet... abortion, but I'm wrong, aren't I?  You and John are keeping it."
In the hallway, while they walk toward the living room, a timid head peaks out of a door to their left.  It's a young woman with the typical features of someone with Down syndrome.  As soon as John looks at her, she lowers her head, her thin, almost baby-soft pale hair falling into her eyes.  Sherlock observes her with interest, and something almost imperceptible washes over his face, like a half second of enlightenment.
"So, you don’t want to get married."
::: :::
Part of John's brain analyses the situation, detached and logical.  It's textbook. There was a time where tourniquet was taught as a first aid technique to stop blood flow, but there were too many complications because of inexperience, sometimes resulting in the loss of a member and tissue necrosis, when the blood flow was cut off for too long.  That is when it was decided it was better to teach how to apply pressure on a bleeding wound until the arrival of competent medical workers.  Lestrade should know how to do it safely, though, the Yard's police force is highly trained, and even if John was to lose a leg, still better than dying right?
Oh god.  John is up and walking to the lobby, putting on his shoes, before he even thinks of answering.
Sherlock lifts his head and rolls his eyes at John.  "It should be possible."
Mycroft lets it go and pours two glasses of wine for John and him.  John takes a long sip. He’s never seen the older Holmes so relaxed.  It’s a bit off putting: like how you feel as a kid when you meet a teacher during the weekend at the shops, dressed in jeans and a Beatles t-shirt and drinking a slushie. The first time always hit you hard, when you go through the startling realisation that teachers actually have a life outside of school, and do not go around wearing the uniform and asking people to raise their hand before speaking.
"It's hard," the girl says, smiling up at him brightly.
John smiles, then yawns, just thinking of sleep.  He doesn't have quiet nights these days.  The more the pregnancy advances, the more Sherlock's sleep is agitated.  He moves almost constantly, has long conversations with himself, huffs and sighs, all without waking up for good.  John thinks it is due partly to his anxiety, and partly to the difficulty he has finding a comfortable position.
"I know.  It's ok.  I am too.  We'll deal with it."
"Did the thunder wake you up?"
“Listen, Sherlock, I don’t know if they were contractions or not, but we’re going to the hospital anyway.  There is nothing to panic about or-“
"I'll go.  You rest your leg," Sherlock proposes.
"Well, if it facilitates your understanding, yes, me.  Even if I am aware of the change as it happens, my brain will need some time to assimilate it, and change its spatial representation.  Which ends up giving me the false impression that my belly went from flat to its current state over night.  You hear it all the time, people say a baby bump is special, that one day there’s nothing and the next it's there, suddenly.  It's false, of course."
"I agree.  He was right in the middle of a panic attack when the medication started working, and he couldn't stop talking, out of stress and nervousness.  That is why he told me how he felt, how scared he was.   He never would have discussed his feelings with me if he had been in a normal state."
Sherlock must know they are about to be separated, because he grabs his hand back, jogging at the same rhythm as the paramedics, ignoring their demand not to slow them down and complicate their work.
"I...can't breathe," he gasps, "I think I'm dying, John, I can't-"
"Okay."
“And everything will be fine, I promise.  I will be with you every step of the way, do you hear me?  Every.  Single. Step.”
"No.  He doesn't know I am here.  I have the feeling my presence wouldn't exactly be welcomed with joy."
John voluntarily shoves his fingers in the wound once more, and Jesus, he didn't even know pain could be that intense, but at least, he still has enough energy for screaming, and his vision clears out.
Has he figured out something in the last two minutes John hasn't?  Well, asking the question is answering it, really.  John just cannot figure out how Angela would be implicated in the case.
“You gave me mouth-to-mouth.  Wow. Now, not only people will talk, they'll suggest kid's names to us.
For now.
.  John shifts on his feet, looking at his lover squinting at deceptively insignificant plastic tube.  Guilt for what he just thought makes his ears burn.  It's so easy to go with the everyday routine (or absence of, in their case) and to forget, from time to time, how precious what's between them is.  Sherlock has let himself be, so simply, despite how scared he's been -still is, sometimes, John can tell- to give way to his feelings. John knows how much effort he has to put into their relationship, just so he has the impression he behaves like a companion and a lover should behave.  And although John keeps assuring him he wants it all -the mad genius in all his contradiction, Sherlock keeps thinking he's not any good at it. John knows -he can read it in his eyes after sex, or in the middle of the night, when Sherlock wakes him up from a nightmare, so insecure, convinced he won't be able to give John what he needs.
"Sage," Sherlock repeats.  "It is... singular, but it does have a certain... musicality to it."
"What you mean is that you have a sexual fetish known as-"
Well... John has never pretended to be a well-adjusted man.
Two weeks of complete inaction.  It reminds John something Mycroft had once said, about Sherlock being his own worst enemy.  John looks at him, at his tired eyes, the nervous way Sherlock's long musician fingers are playing with the sheet, and a strong wave of pity washes over him.  Instead of anticipating the worse, John takes the resolution, right there and then, to do everything he can to make Sherlock's forced inaction as easy on him as possible.  As long as his brain has something to work on, he should be alright.  And John will make sure to keep him busy.
It's funny, really.
Lestrade is putting his coat back on, standing near the door, when Sherlock comes in with long, rapid strides.  He bumps into the inspector and stops dead on his feet to narrow his eyes at him.
Sherlock nods.  John sighs and sits next to him on the bed, the frame letting out a loud creak.
