Now that Dean is aware of the supernatural it would be more dangerous not to educate him, to let him go off on his own, wandering aimlessly to stumble into the midst of some monster's den.
"Well, it is as good as advertised. If you like apples, that is. Unfortunately that was our last piece."
As for everything else he's relieved there's nothing to hunt, for right now. He's not sure he could handle it physically. Generally speaking he feels queasy and light-headed much of the time - although that, too, has been easing. A little over a month and he can feel his body regaining strength as his mind regains control. It's slow-going, but it is going.
Something clatters 'round the corner making his heart skip and his calm ebb. It could be nothing, just a rat sniffing for crumbs in the trash. Or it could be something. Could be someone in trouble—passed out or strung out or hurt, or worse.
Cas' voice lowered to a grumble, almost threatening if not for the playful edge to it, his smile audible.
Whatever Cas was gonna say next reroutes when something between them catches his eye, steals his attention. "Is that red light a warning of some kind?"
of his clothes are unbearable on allodynic nights (not that lying naked on those old flannel sheets is any better, but at least the material is only on one side of his body).
, y'know? Probably for the best. Meddling was Chuck's problem, it's how everything got so screwed up in the first place." Not that he's palming all his mistakes off on bad writing, but still. Jack not intervening is a good thing, in a way.
But, okay, if he's being totally honest he is kinda relieved that those who care about him choose to focus on his foregone music career rather than his non-existent love life. He's more reserved these days but that's normal. Not just for a widower but for a guy his age who also happens to be a single parent. Dating is no longer a priority, and since it's not going to lead to anything long term he'd rather not even bother with the whole bar scene, or wherever he's 'spose to meet someone his age for a hookup (a coffee bar?). Not that it matters, because he's not twenty anymore. He doesn't crave it on a regular basis like he used to.
Castiel and Sam traded smirks in the rearview mirror as the engine roared to life, Dean muttering something about
They're one step closer to defeating Chuck, according to Billie, but for once it didn't cost them anything; instead of losing something, they gained something, someone.
But more importantly, when the dust was settled and the threat destroyed, they would have each other. Not someone just to kill for, or die for, but to live for. To truly be with.
"Dean. This is pointless. I'm not tired." And yet his eyes were hanging from his head, and the entire walk from the garage Cas had leaned his weight into Dean. "I can do research in the librar—"
However much Dean would grumble over it, Sam would describe it as a ‘loving moment’. One filled with care and cherisment, the kind of moments he and Castiel often shared through looks alone, and not often enough through physical contact, bold or otherwise.
When it comes time to tend to his face, Dean doesn't hesitate: his knees shift open on a reflex to make room for Cas between them; he can reach both cheeks from this new angle and he won't have to move around Dean to get to the medkit.
home. He's propped up on the map table in the early hours of the morning, dawn probably not far off. It's been a long-ass day and he didn't trust his legs to keep him up, so he lets them hang over the edge from where his butt is firmly planted by the Cape of Good Hope.
Another glance in Jo's direction says he's probably right, but Dean's a good friend who checks-in just in case. Plus, he could use some water and fresh air. "'Nother time, maybe." He leaves Aaron to call out more-than-friendly additions to his offer over the music as he squeezes passed huddles of people to get to the bar, feeling more light-headed than he realised now that he's moving.
A steady stream of pleasured sounds trickled from his lover, still unconscious to their intimacy. Cas’ hips started working of their own accord, cheeks grinding up and down Dean’s crotch, all the while constricting around his well endowed form.
He mourns the loss of his world but he can't bring himself to miss it all that much. Things may be uncertain - which is a novel feeling - but they are no longer confined by Hunter Corp. or indeed the wishes (or rather, the
There's movement along the alley. Everything is blurry from almost passing out, from the blood and sweat tainting the scene that swims in his vision, but he can make out what looks like two people goin' at it. Sounds like.. like.. a
Drawing Dean into the skirmish of Angels would further remove him from any chance at peace, and that, Castiel decides, is not worth the win. Even if Dean wants to help, he cannot allow it. He must keep Dean safe, and far away from the destructive reach of Heaven.
Cas knows getting involved with strangers is a risk. But Dean is less of a stranger today than he was two days ago. And It's not just about the dangers of hunting anymore, it's about the dangers of interpersonal relationships, of which Cas is the one lacking experience. He likes Dean. And that may prove difficult for both of them.
The cotton dragged over his skin, feeling considerably more heavy than the light weight it should be. It seemed to gather with a thud on the floor as it fell from his shoulders.
But what was he doing? Keeping Cas from tracking down Lucifer—was it the desire to keep him safe, or keep him near? Would Dean object if he could tag along and help? How needy was
As dawn neared and their physical explorations tapered off, Dean pulled Cas in close, a full-body cuddle urging him to catch a couple hours naptime before the drive ahead.
. And doesn't that just churn Dean's insides like two currents warring against each other: to be someone's burden; to be deserving of such care. Because he's not blind to it, he sees Cas treat him differently from Sam. Dare he say..
The flannel bottoms were helping, but it was the warmth of Dean's words, of his sentiment that wrapped around Cas' heart, hugging him from the inside out.
Cas encircles him. Dean's not sure who moved first, but his own arms have found their way around Cas' waist; right where he wanted them to be. It happened without memory, a wish come true in a slow, surreal blink; no thought needed, just a feeling.
, right now. “This one's different.” He seems to recall something then, a weird smile flashing across his face. “Gran said he’s, 'absotively smitten'.”
"I'm going to a sleepover," Jo says, a little too much pep to her as she turns away from Michael, bumping Dean's shoulder where he's hunched at the bar.
Dean can't fix everything that's broke, everything of his that's been damaged or everything he's had a hand in screwin' up somewhere along the line.
All he knows is that these clothes were comfortable; he's never known any garment to feel soft in that worn-in kind of way, a way his own clothes never had a chance to become. Blood stains and monster guts don't exactly wash out, even with their layers of top quality protective gear meant to keep it at bay, so every couple of months his wardrobe would cycle out and brand new pieces would filter in to fill his closet. It was like shedding one barely-worn skin for a stiff new one; nothing ever fit quite right, despite the tailoring.
There's a tinge of sadness in his voice. Cas doesn't need to guess that Dean's mother probably isn't in his life anymore.
“I think we both know you’ve got enough friends in law enforcement, Mr. Bigshot Lawyer, to pull in a little favour now and then.” Cue the Put-Upon Little Brother Bitchface, in all its epicness. Dean lowers his own voice. “It’s not like you haven’t done it before.”
The fall rains may be edging in on the end of summer a little too soon for Dean's liking, but he doesn’t mind it so much since he’s got a living embodiment of sunshine right here. One who is currently awaiting her pancake alien armada to help fight off the volcano-fried Baconista dragons of Björn, who are at this very moment keeping a close watch over the cheesy-scramble mountains of Eggtopia.
Google Maps can’t help him now, thanks to his phone being in his pocket through all this, but from his former years spent on the road there's still a stash of good ol’ fashioned paper maps under Baby's front seat - complete with notations for the Ramblin’ Man: best routes for different weather, greasy spoons worth the stop, cheap but clean motels, decent bars for a hook-up..
It’s like this: the Rain God has joined forces with the God of Stolen Luck, or whatever, and they invited the God of Mischief along for the ride. Except there is no ride, because the Rain God and the Stolen-Luck God just made him swerve his Baby into a ditch off the i-39, and now the God of Mischief is probably laughing at his handiwork―’cos a truck just blew passed Dean on the shoulder sending a muddy tidal wave overhead drenching him to the friggin’ bone.
He slides into the front seat beside Dean and it feels good, having someone riding shotgun again. It's been a long time since he's travelled with someone. He misses it.
Carefully, he pushes back the quilt, the cool air rushing in has him suppress a shiver as he reaches for his duffel, trying to be quiet. But Dean locked the doors last night, which means he has to lean over Dean's head to unlock the driver-side door so he can exit through his own door--
how he felt. Between last night and this moment, the answer had surfaced naturally, and was now clear in his mind:
Dean’s hand fisted loosely in the covers around Cas’ torso and the Angel's hand found Dean’s bare forearm, resting there, warm flesh on warm flesh, grazing patterns with just enough pressure so as not to tickle.
There are other people milling about the rest-stop even at this early hour, and there are a few more vehicles than were parked last night. Which means Cas has to wait his turn for the bathroom.
He's almost at the interstate which means he'll have to hoof it all the way back into town if he can't fix the problem himself, which isn't great since the air is damp and cold and night's gonna fall soon.
Cas shifted, broaching a conscious state with low, resistive grumbles, before burying himself deeper in the covers, wrapping himself tighter around Dean.
Hands which are now securing the compress around his ribs. Dean fails to hold back a wince―but it's not from the contact; Cas' hands are warm. Soft yet firm, broad palms and nimble fingers. His touch is grounding, yet delicate in a way Dean tries hard to convince himself he actually deserves (but nonetheless revels in).
The inscription was tough, but when Sammy asked him what immediately comes to mind when he thinks of Cas, the answer was obvious.
.." Dean chuckled into his pillow. Their bodies separated, he could now feel the rush of blood to his morning wood. "..Sorry 'bout that," he mumbled through a growing smile. "Human reflex, it's a, uhm.. sleep-thing."
Without these freakin' hallucinations and the side effects from those meds he'd be holding his own right now. As things are he's got next to no chance.
"He's lucky to have you." Castiel stills, glancing toward the doorway, seeing only earnestness in this Dean's face and soul just as he hears it carry through his voice. "I hope he knows that." With a small wave he disappears into the corridor, leaving Castiel to ponder on that sentiment, wondering whether the distance that his relationship with his Dean has come in all these years is as far as it will ever go.
That's a cheesy pick-up line for a dimly lit bar, not the passenger seat of a good samaritan's car. Honing in on the angel-thing when the guy said a bunch of other cool stuff reeks of desperation―and Dean is anything but. He may have a tendency to flirt with people now and then, but that's just part of his natural charm. He never intends for it to go further than harmless banter, and besides: it's been a while since he's gotten back on that particular horse, and why his subconscious thinks now is a good time he's got no idea.
Dean shrugs, eyes the speckle-patterned formica, the half-eaten pie between them. He's doing it again, saying more than he probably should. Nobody likes an oversharer. "Not sure yet."
He filled Cas with fresh love, easing his pace as he coated himself in the evidence, slicking the entirety of Cas' hole.
Dean was in love, once. Hell, he'd made a living writing about it. But Sam does have an annoying point. Feeling it and writing it aren't the same as having to hear another person gush about it. Even Lisa understood the difference and let him slip away from those loved-up conversations with friends and strangers. Because he can take messy sex-talk, and he can watch the graphic scenes on
Cas turns his head, unable to see past the seatback, unable to see much in the shadows, but he imagines Dean's face partially lit by the dim halfmoon, eyes reflecting starlight back towards the heavens.
―he's the one to blame, here. Loki, and whatever cosmic douchery him and his merry band of bored Gods conspired in to fell a tree branch, or kamikazee a bird, or send whatever the fuck it was tumbling across Dean's windshield that caused him to crash his beloved Baby into a goddamned ditch.
"It's some dude playing a sick practical joke, is what it is," Dean adds. Of course the fugly sonuvabitch brings out a fucking scythe the next second.
He does though―slowly―and finds Cas looking down at him, regarding him with something like fondness―
On the inhale, he catches a rain-fresh scent diluted by dusty roads. It permeates the air well enough to rise above the foul medicinal smell, and he feels a smile form without need for a thought, let alone a command.
She shakes her head but her eyes are bright and her smile makes Dean smile too, smile at Cas - who tries to hide his in his coffee.
His chin tilts back up―but not of its own accord, and sure as hell not because Dean moved it. Thumb drawn down off of Dean's lip, the strong fingers belonging to that same hand―such a
―although there might’ve been a certain ‘look’ he decidedly missed when he tore his eyes away. But he hasn’t been kicked to the curb yet
Cas quirked his head at that. The shirt pulled taught from his fingertips clutching the hem. The upside-down symbology of Dean's favourite band stretched out beneath him.
he's laughing like the asshole he is as Dean gets accosted by two soggy, oversized pooches. He just steps right on up to the door, cackling like a bitch, and manoeuvres past Dean to scoop Audrey up into his giganto traitor arms.
hard enough for Cas to stay. He could have found middleground, convinced Zeke it would be safer to keep Cas near than to send him away. He could have healed his brother and been schooling Cas in the ways of Humanity at the same time.
But in Dean’s case it seemed less the magic of double-spiced breakfast burritoes and triple-strength coffee that did away with his morning crotchetiness, and more the simple presence of his best friend, alive and well.
Cas' tired mind doesn't put together 'rest-stop' and 'not a motel' until they're pulling into a parking space a ways from a public restroom, the signage reading
―or it would have, if he'd had the energy for it. But he didn't want it then and he wants it even less now.
Dean glares daggers; half-hurt, half not surprised because isn't that how little brothers are supposed to act? They laugh at their sibling's relationship troubles? But Sam gets it, because his face softens.
slipped into unconsciousness, Sam pulled on his jeans, boots and jacket and snuck out of their room with two goals in mind:
Dean waits, lips pressed shut to hold back his fear in case it tries to manifest itself in words. He doesn't wanna screw this up. He can't.
"Don't suppose you want some company?" That snaps Cas' attention back to him. "I could give you a ride. Until you find your next monster mash situation."
Sour oranges waft back into his nostrils and it's déjà vu: cool sweep across left cheekbone, right eyebrow, his hairline.. History is repeating, and confusion stumbles sleepily through his mind to loosen his hold, hand slipping down Cas’ tie to the wider end. Dean's gaze is drawn past the deep blue in his grasp to the not-so-white of Cas’ everclean dress-shirt.
It's not like he's chaste - he'll spend the night with someone if it happens to come to that, naturally, but he doesn't seek it out. Young Dean might've revelled in that lifestyle for a time but older, wiser, more mature Dean feels no shame in admitting to himself that he no longer needs that frequent release, no longer craves the talented touch of a beautiful stranger.
No seven year old should be made to feel like they need to grow up, like they're not allowed to be a kid.
Sam's fine, for now. But how long before his wall crumbles into Hellfire? The structural integrity's already been compromised, and no matter what Sam promised Dean knows his brother: if Sam wants to right his own alleged wrongs then he'll do it and nevermind the cost to himself.
Now Dean is cackling like the genius that he is, and.. yeah. This is what he needs. More of this. More laughs, more family time.
Dean plunged in slowly, tips jutting in a little deeper with every idle thrust, a corridor of slick internal muscle contracting around him in intervals, seeking volume, seeking friction, unconscious in their want.
Dean has said, as others have written, that soup is good for the soul. Now that Jack's soul has been restored - and his true appetite returned - it seems a fitting first meal. Which is why Castiel is currently defrosting a batch of Dean's homemade chicken soup in the microwave.
The nickname he's got no excuse for, it just kinda slipped off his tongue. Cas doesn't seem to mind though, a gentle smile gracing his features as he spares a glance over at Dean, nodding once.
Cas' feet were on auto-pilot as he found himself beside Dean, fingers trailing along the garments that had been bought, prepared, and gifted just for him by the one person in the world whom it meant the most to recieve them from.
that see more than anyone else ever has, see deeper into Dean than he’s ever allowed, ever wanted. Cas, and
That's not what Cas had thought. He'd thought perhaps Dean's mother had made it for her young son and he'd kept it safe all these years. Cas had felt honored, guilty even, to be lent something with such sentiment. Now he knows Dean crafted the quilt with his own two hands he feels different about it.
"And I thought it would be a good idea if, y'know.." He stood holding open the closet door. Inside were a dozen or so white dress shirts neatly hanging, aside a dozen or so pairs of dark slacks. "Better you have some spares than waste your mojo on stitchin' cotton. I just figured, anyway.."
—maybe get on something that'll let him want-and-be-able-to get off? But that's tomorrow's problem. Right now his headache's having a growth spurt, the room's starting to spin at the edges, and he's breaking out in a sweat.
The best tactic may be to keep things simple yet vague: there are some things Cas needs to take care of and it would be better if he went alone.
Talk of beasties and ghosts had piqued Dean's interest earlier and even his own encounter with a bloodthirsty pagan god only served to spur his sudden quest for answers, rather than accept the nightmare was over and just move on from it all. At the mention of demons, however, Dean shows the first signs of stark apprehension towards the supernatural.
To not be dictated to, not have one's every move scrutenized, and not be restricted in the daily aspects of one's life - right down to the trivial, and moreover, the private. To wear what one wants, drink what one wants, live one's day as it comes and not be scheduled to the minute of every hour for months in advance.
When he has a lot on his mind or he's too tired to use his brain-to-mouth filter, sometimes things come out that would be better left unsaid.
- or whatever the hell they're calling that thing wearing Jimmy's face these days - snapped 'em all straight to Purgatory. Or they're in hiding, and ain't that a pip: Monsters of all kinds all over the States just as afraid as Sam and Dean and Bobby are of the mutant monster-mash claiming the vacancy of God for itself (
The Impala is warm and dry and clean. It's well cared for, just like Dean's quilts, and the scent of old leather mingles with the air of the open road, of spruce-firs and lake air, and Dean's own unique and increasingly familiar scent. It's comforting in the way certain places put him at ease - The Grand Hotel - though it is technically more of a library - and the homes of the few friends he's made over the years. He's beginning to understand Dean's fondness, the way he treats 'Baby' like a friend, not an object. Cas never had a fixed place to call home growing up, not even a car, just countless motels and an unending chain of vehicles.
“Sorry about, uhh..” he gestures at himself and the seat, trying in vain to lift his weight up to prevent further soaking, his poncho crinkling and―yep; the thing's already torn. The guy waves it off.
No, Dean can’t. And so much for his family not fussing over his love life. But is he really seen as being so damn fragile? That he would crack under the news of someone else’s happiness? Benny being in love is unexpected, sure, but it’s not going to
And seeing as how both of Cas’ hands are now back on Dean, it almost seems unfair not to return the favor..
Bones is watching Audrey with some doggy mix of wariness and readiness, perking up with excitement at her bigger hand motions and wide smiles - and then his ears flopping down as she hushes her voice to a whisper and brings her hands low, as though imparting some dangerous turn in the tale which he, as a dog, can somehow fully understand and properly fear.
Crazy as it sounds, Dean kinda misses the ol' days. Y'know, when all they had to do was take down a couple of overzealous Archangels. They've got shit stacking up on so many spinnin' plates right now it's impossible to tell which one's gonna be the first to topple and shatter, crap raining down on 'em in a mess of blood and pain and one gruesome smear of trouble after another - and it'll soil a bunch of innocent people too, if they're not careful.
A terrifying wave of dread swells within him, readying to crash down over his hopes and dreams should Cas refuse him. His veins would stop singing, his heart would stop strumming. If that happened, he'd never want to sing again. Never be able to pick up another guitar and
Toeing off his boots Dean left them by the nightstand. His belt came next, before slipping out of his jeans while facing the wall, folding them over the arm of the upholstered chair, his layers of shirts following. The last item was his watch, which he placed beside the small bedside lamp before tucking himself in beside Cas.
The pad of that thumb sweeps just under the hardened cut in Dean's bottom lip―which feels about ten times bigger beneath Cas’ touch, his gaze; Dean feels exposed, but in a good way. Worn out and wounded, but not weak.
Rain pattered down, hazing the road ahead. It was a peaceful, scenic drive. Mountains turned to forest which eventually to farmland. Dean’s gentle snores were a comfort, as was their known destination:
Before he can say something to end his streak of good fortune with Dean, Cas grabs the duffel with his toiletries and excuses himself for the restroom.
This overcast Thursday in September isn't the first time Cas has cradled it with love - intimately, fiercely, unconditionally - Dean just never thought anyone would want it, let alone care for it as if it was something precious, something beautiful, something worthwhile.
many things, so many unspoken truths they didn’t have time to get into right now. Besides, Dean had something else, something more pressing, something leaching warmth from Cas’ body back into his own, to attend to.
Gods aside, his prospects aren't great. With this unseasonal weather bucketing down it's no wonder the roads are empty. That truck was the only other vehicle he'd seen in over an hour, so he can't help himself - or his Baby - if he doesn't get a move on.
Dean glances back and finds Cas still eyeing the way they came. The scarecrow is gone but he keeps his shotgun trained on the path. It's their only clear way out but it's probably a trap.
It’s not a teasing smile, but it is a beautiful one; small and curious. The guy seems bewildered by Dean referring to his car in such a way. “Yeah, she’s.. well, she’s the number one lady in my life. Aside from my little girl, I mean.”
Change had come, and it was strong, and real, and good. They deserved this. And if the world depended on them, and if happiness was akin to some mighty strength, then that was just a bonus.
But Dean wasn’t the clingy, romantic type—at least not when others were looking. Dean was content to let Cas curl up in the backseat—until Cas forced him in there himself.
Pressing a kiss between Audrey's pigtails - careful not to get an eyeball full of glitter-bopper - he's surprised by the curl of bacon that suddenly appears between them.
"Your world may have been vastly different to ours, in many ways―including your Angels, for all I know. But if there's one thing I've learned in my time here, in
He doesn't need to block the input in any way; it's not painful or overwhelming. Sound is.. amplified, but not all-encompassing. And while he can hear the slow drip of the bathroom faucet in the upstairs bathroom and what his ear knows is Bobby shuffling around in his slippers, he finds he can narrow the focus of his ear just by trying, like an aural squint.
Sam’s voice was quiet and measured, though he half-expected Dean to spike the volume as he snapped in frustration of unshared, unbroached feelings. But his big brother did manage to meet him halfway and surprise him, from time to time.
As for nefarious folk, there was that stalker in college, Becky, and Dean had totally called that one the first time he caught her making creeper eyes at Sam. Cue the full-body shudder.
Retirement isn't an option, not unless he loses his conscience along the way. He hopes it never comes to that. It seems hunters are doomed from the start.
Sam hones his ear: downstairs, outside, in the carport adjoining the north wall of the house, he hears his brother's voice - in recorded form - along with the shift of leather in the Impala's back seat, and the tilt and swim of a liquid in an angular bottle.
Dean steps over the threshold of painted sigils, taking his place in the centre of the circle. As Sam starts chanting he feels his worry over the truth of Cas' words ebb away and hope flow in to supplant it. The phantom scar of a handprint on his shoulder from when Cas rescued from Hell seems to flare to life and brand itself back into Dean's flesh, and the only thing going through his mind is:
Dean, but it's not exactly the first time this has happened, so he pushes through the strangeness of it all.
"Cas, hey." Dean looks at the woman and asks her again if she's sure she's alright. She nods, still smiling wide. She's impressed. So is Cas.
One thing he can rely on is his watch. It was a gift from Benny a few years back so Dean would have one less thing to bitch about whenever Benny managed to get him out on his boat: waterproof up to fifty metres, which means crappy-weatherproof, too. It’s almost four. He was making good time and should’ve reached Gran’s by six, but that schedule’s been tossed right out the window. He doesn't see getting back to civilisation by nightfall, let alone getting a tow on a seldom-used stretch of road in the middle of nowhere. If worse comes to worse he might have to hunker down at the red circle in whatever shelter awaits him.
bed with the intention of bunking on the couch. No biggie. Not that he would get a whole lot of sleep.
He tossed the bowl aside not caring of the mess and slid over to rest atop Cas, pinning him to the mattress. He let the physical sensation of
Sam's just worried he's holding back, that he's afraid to get back into writing instead of just not wanting to. Maybe he could try writing about something besides love but he'd rather spend his days getting in some quality one-on-one time with the automotive beauties that end up in his capable hands - hands to be gladly smeared with grease, not ink, surrounded by a mess of tools, not balled-up wads of paper.
He could tell Cas was upset, no doubt feeling rejected, as if he had done something wrong, or that Dean had suddenly realised he was disgusted with him, not aroused.
Perhaps an equally fair and equally dire concern was whether or not Dean would break Cas’ heart—however unwittingly—and if all these worries that knotted in his gut and tightened in his chest were merely a Human burden, or whether Cas wondered and feared the same.
"Dean, no matter what happens you're not going to lose him. Just look at everything the two of you have already been through."
—are all winning attributes. A wide collar of black leather is the only other part of him visible through the crowd. It looks like the kind of thing bikers would wear (which would explain the wild hair).
However, since he's not okay with bringing Audrey down to his dreary level today, like every year for the past four years Sam and Eileen are on their way over to collect their favorite niece. They'll make the trip up to Forest County today and Dean will follow tomorrow. A day on the open road is another of his preferred coping mechanisms. It's good for resetting his mood. He doesn't get much free time for road trips these days, though.
It's familiar. It's the bearing of home even when the bunker―and, at times, the mortal plane itself―is an entire world away.
They parted ways in the small hours, Mary saying she would pay a visit to Wally’s mother in the morning. Dean stole the driver’s seat of Castiel’s old Ford ute after he and Sam helped him into the passenger side.
The scene inside, on the other hand, is a whole lot nicer. He won't lie; his mood has already climbed a few notches up from miserable. Sharing close quarters with a handsome stranger, getting closer as they both lean in to regard the map, it's a far cry from misery.
He pulls on a fresh shirt and his only pair of clean jeans, re-laces his boots and slips his arms inside his maroon hoodie. It'll be cold in the car without the heater so he'll need to layer his jacket over the top, maybe even use his beige longcoat as a blanket; from experience he knows it's large enough. He keeps both at the top of his duffel and heads back out into the crisp September night.
Now there’s a thought. It’s early days, so Dean isn’t sure if Mystery Lover even warrants it, but if they do..
He tosses the dish towel in Sam’s face, buying just enough time to turn and lunge around his giant torso and tackle him to the sofa - where Bones immediately takes up residence, stretching out on top of Sam from neck to knee (a move well-learned from his dog-bro) and proceeds to lick the grump off Sam’s loser-face. Or maybe he's trying to paste a smile onto it? Who knows, but those dogs are now two points up in Dean’s book. Revenge can be a beautiful thing, especially when a new ally is gained (so maybe Dean doesn't totally hate them).
The distinct impact of water droplets on porcelain fades along with the rubber soles of Bobby's well-worn slippers against the floorboards down the hall.
It's Dean's voice, but not quite. Still, Castiel knows it as well as he knows Dean's soul: this Dean has something he wants to say. Castiel turns to face him, offering a friendly smile. "Hello, uhm.. Dean." It feels strange because it's Dean and
Cas flicks his eyes back down, finds Dean looking at him expectantly, face still lined with sleep, hair mussed, lips stretched in that easy smile. Altogether too distracting. Cas clears his throat, hefting his duffel onto the seat beside him. "Sounds like a plan."
Dean was back on the couch, his ageing hunter’s body failing to bend in a way that would allow for comfortable sleep. Sam knew he would be tired either way, but he had a sneaking suspicion Dean had spent most of the past fifty six minutes perched on a mattress, too awake to sleep, or fighting off the need to sleep so as to watch over his Angel, just as he had watched over Dean so many times over the years.
They brush against Dean's own, sandwich them in a delicate and delicious and wild sensation: hot and cold and light and heavy―
―it might look like the imprint of a face―like the face of someone who decided to wipe themselves clean on the nearest absorbable surface.
Slipping his beige jacket back on he reaches into the breast pocket and retrieves the pair of prayer-bead bracelets, sliding them back over his wrist. He hadn't wanted to remove them, but unlike his brother he heeded the warning of this world's Winchesters to make themselves appear authentic. His own clothes may not feel authentic to him - even less so now than they did previously - but these beads were chosen and paid for by him alone, with no middleman involved. They hold meaning, they are special, and perhaps the only thing not cycled out of rotation with the rest of his wardrobe when hunting made a mess of things.
The anniversary of Lisa's death not only reminds him that he's alone in a way he always will be, it also summons his guilt about not really wanting to be. He manages, and that should be enough. He doesn't need more, so when the want for it creeps in on lonely days guilt follows like an ominous shadow. There'll always be that void only a companion can fill but he's not looking to fill it. Just because you want something doesn't mean you can get it, that it's out there waiting for you to find it.
The world spins. Feels like he's miles high and fallin' fast, gonna be a meat pancake any second, but.. no. The ground's already under him, hard and cold. He claws at it, feels like he's about to hurl—and somethin' comes up and out, makes a puddle under his chin. Acid and blood lingers on his tongue, the stench of the nearby dumpster filling his nostrils.
“I dunno. Gran didn’t say much, just that Benny was looking forward to showing them off for everyone 'in person'.”
The last thing he sees through bad one eye in the dark, is the painted mural on the alley wall. The half-light spilling out from the club illuminates that little flower as it reaches up through the dirt towards the sun. His face drops to the ground and he succumbs to the darkness.
"So." Dean busies himself with scooping up more pie, eyes down. "What brings you out to these parts?"
There was no need to wake Cas, just yet. Dean rather enjoyed being one step ahead of him where he could, revelling not only in the pleasured surprise illicited from his boyfriend, but also looking forward to however Cas would repay the favor—how he would take his
Dean turned Cas to face him, giving him something alive and reassuring to focus on. Palms slipping beneath the shoulders of his coat, Dean shifted it down til Cas worked it off over his hands. Dean hung it on the back of the door and returned his focus to his friend.
Aaron turns to palm some goods off to a passing client leaving Dean to try and remember the last time he even got close to getting laid. Rhonda, Lee, Cassie, Lisa, Lee again, Victor, Jamie.. He's got a decent catalogue to pull from if he wanted to relive some of his greatest hits alone with himself, but there hasn't really been anyone since the hallucinations started. And he hasn't been able to keep it up on his meds, not that he's really wanted to, either.
Of course. It is a tactic only effective in the short-term, for the amount of energy required to interfere would significantly drain the Angels pervading the etheric communicative transference.
He can't see anyone as he peers around the corner, but it's dark. Steam from a grated vent rises at the mouth of the alley where a busted streetlamp flickers, but still no one. He leans further out, trying to see passed the dumpster.. and that
It wasn't fair. Life wasn’t fair. They never seemed to catch a break, were never given a real chance to see things through to becoming something else, something
It's freakin' ridiculous. But sometimes in the middle of do-or-die it's this kinda stupid crap that's necessary just to keep folks sane. It's putting a smile on Dean's dial, anyway.
Dean's been through enough and as much as it pains Cas to think about, loneliness isn't a reasonable excuse to drag out their parting of ways, for either of them.
Five minutes later he emerged, flicking off the bathroom light and pulling the door half closed behind him.
Dean's arms are wrapped around him, gathering him into a hug before he even registers his feet having moved. He tightens the embrace as Jack's chest jumps with hiccups, his hands grasping at Dean's shirt, tears soaking through the layers of cotton and warming his skin in a way that tears shouldn't; but this is
Dean smirked against his skin, twisting the plug gently back between Cas’ cheeks, fingertips rubbing over the silicone base, skirting Cas' stretched rim as it sat snugly in place.
He saw it, and thought of Dean. And how perfect is that? Because every time Dean picks up one of his guitars, he thinks of Cas.
Fortunately, 'sensitive ear days', as Dean calls them, are few and far between compared to the rest - however unpredictable their onset may still be. Even so, despite everything, it's a comfort to know he'll be able to sleep past sunrise without a cacophony of sound parading through his ear canals from the other end of the scrapyard.
.. Dean knew that from the jump. It was hard enough knowing Sam was sulfer-side all that time, and then to come out of it learning he was actually topside and fuckin'
The guy hums. “It was a comfort for you," he says, and yeah, actually. "A familiar place in unfamiliar territory.”
There was space between the two of them, both Dean and Castiel gravitating towards the window and armrest along the door. And perhaps there was too much space to casually initiate contact.
, and then start piling it high with all that rabbit food you love so much.” Dean spies the quarter-strength bitchface directed his way before eyeing the dog again. “And then you might add some delicious, tangy dressing - which would obviously hide the flavour of..”
"She helped me use the Singer, obviously, and encouraged me to choose the fabric I wanted. I like flannel. It's soft, but it has texture, y'know?"
“One piece,” he repeated, feeling his eyes moisten in the pale Autumn sun, mouth twitching with a sad smile against Dean's neck. “Alright.”
marathon." They begin the short walk back to Baby, Cas falling into step beside him. "We'll start with the original, o' course. And I know you don't need to sleep, but probably still a good idea to make a week of it, spread 'em out a bit."
palm, one of these days - and the sooner the better, because even though he's no rock collector himself he does have one currently sitting heavy in the hidden compartment of Baby's trunk.
Through the sea of writhing bodies there's a stationary figure, someone looking his way from across the dancefloor. Can't see much from this far, but dark sexhair, a stubbled jaw, and eyes so blue they practically glow—and they're fixed on
Sam’s older brother was emotionally stunted, afterall. And dealing with complex, intense, intimate, one-on-one feelings—moreover for a guy, his best friend, and a freakin’
Dean had noticed something was out of sorts a couple days after brewing the first batch of potion; that Sam's stumbling over familiar lumps in the carpeting, loss of balance from the kitchen to the couch, newfound aversion to dental care, sudden inability to read antique lettering, and his intermittent lack of working tastebuds and the contrasting hypergeusia, were all signs pointing towards a problem.
Still, not exactly trusting his fatigued self to make any hasty decisions in spoken-word-form, Dean fell back on instinct, giving over to the whims of his body; it was both his
In the very least, being the Commander of garrisons affords him seniority, and with it the propensity to not have to explain himself further.
Dean would have his way, somewhat, with Cas, until he woke naturally, eager to join the fun and have his own way with Dean—and
"Caution is key to survival," Cas tells him. "Not all monsters do monstrous things but most of them are not only capable, it's inevitable that they will kill. It's in their nature."
He manages a tight-lipped smile, something enough to satisfy that he understands. "Have we any more news of the missing weapons?"
one, knocks that bubble back into the abyss before it has the chance to surface. The better idea floats casually by and it's a nice reminder:
And he never did put much stock in any of those dime-a-dozen old sayings, but maybe there's one Dean can get behind:
"Hey—If I got a dick in one hand and a joint in the other? I'm a happy boy. You should try it sometime."
He struggled as the fabric caught on its ascent, trying to keep his balance and free himself from the tangled confines of one too many layers.
The headphones Dean had questioned the necessity of, what with the earplugs and Sam's regular old earbuds, but Sam insisted - not citing the full truth as to
It didn’t escape Sam’s attention how worried his brother was about their best friend. From acting as a human crutch in the ten steps from carpark to motel room, and again across the few feet of carpet to the bed, to how he insisted Cas let him burn those ragged clothes as he undressed him—and then
With his hand raised he moves towards the portal and braces for some kind of inter-dimensional shift, but he's not scared. This is the right thing to do, for both of them.
Shoving those disturbing thoughts aside and redirecting his mind away from the distraction that is Castiel
"Did he.. respond?" Castiel keeps his voice equally quiet, suddenly eager to know as much as he can about this other Castiel and his relationship with this Dean.
With a roll of his eyes that brings his head along for the ride, Dean ends up tilted back enough to view the scene behind him: Sam is now wearing Audrey’s glitter-boppers, chewing on a piece of dragon-bacon, still grinning down at Dean like the smug bastard he is. Bones is right there by his side, tongue lolling and tail wagging, adoring the scruffy head-pats from his master.
At a rest-stop by the Kansas state line bordering Oklahoma, while his brother fusses with a paper map and wonders aloud why on Earth this world's Winchesters don't have a dedicated GPS for each of their procured vehicles, Dean takes a moment outside of the car.
"Guess you won't be coming back for more of that 'awesome pie', huh." Dean can hear the thread of fear wobbling her voice. She's got the same idea: don't give into the freakout.
Dean wakes up tied to a tree. His head fucking hurts and it's night time now, and he doesn't know if it's a relief or ten times scarier to find he's not alone. Emily's tied to the tree next to him.
He's sleeping pretty well, which seems like nothing short of a miracle. Although, miracles are in strange supply these days. There are no dreams, no nightmares, no nothing - and he'll gladly take a dreamless sleep over one edged in Hellfire. Whatever Dean and Bobby did, whatever old or new magic they managed to cobble together for a cure, it seems to be doing the trick.
Cas says it was a pagan god of fertility and agriculture. Every year the townsfolk would sacrifice a man and a woman to it in order for Burkittsville to continue to prosper. Usually vacationers, people passing through. Without the sacrifices Cas says the crops will die, the town will suffer just like those in neighbouring counties.
No people means no visions. No visions means he gets to hold onto the threads of his sanity with a firmer grip.
"Well, that settles it, then. You and me, we're hitting the road." He claps his hands together. It's decided. It feels like the only right way to go from here. "Anywhere in particular you had in mind?"
“He would’ve loved that,” Mary remarked from beside the pyre. “His mother was Irish. His family get together for a big thing, every year..”
"Didn't he just get back?" says Aaron. "He was like, backpacking through Europe, or something? Dude's probably a petri-dish of STDs."
Dean has one supernatural encounter under his belt already, plus hours of questions since said encounter, but there's no better teacher than hands-on experience.
"Then west it is. C'mon," Dean grabs one of Cas' duffles and pops Baby's trunk to place it in. He looks back to find Cas hasn't moved.
They both needed this: Cas’ grace needed to recharge and Dean had faced-off with one too many Angels in the past 24 hours, earning him at least a few hours of comfortable unconsciousness.
Another concern is the route they're taking. It's only when they stop for lunch in Ohio that it occurs to Cas that Dean might head north once they reach Kentucky, that he might want to visit Chicago, and avoiding construction on the 65 might mean cutting too close to Pontiac for comfort.
His hearing isn't so quick to follow. The background noise of the world comes to him garbled and muted, like he's underwater. Maybe his eardrums have burst? Before he can think to panic about a possible non-temporary loss of hearing, the watered distortion thins and the sounds dry out.
―and Dean had seen the need in his eyes to make this right. Though It's been a while, knowing the contusions mottling Dean's face and coloring his ribs were caused by Cas' own hands..? It wrangled a painfully familiar look on his friend's face―wounded and worried and wracked with stupid guilt―that Dean felt a similarly pained need to fix.
Whatever he hopes to be seeing in Castiel’s shy smiles and reddened cheeks is just a reaction to Dean’s bizarre behaviour. The guy’s got a stranger in his car on a ghost highway in the rain―he deserves a little breathing room, for fuck sake.
Her eyes harden, and Castiel has been made accustomed to that look over the last mortal year as she nods. "Raphael's soldiers think blocking our channels with their rhetoric will hinder our efforts, but his numbers are not what ours are, and they can't affect our communications for much longer."
The music is not familiar, despite having listened through much of Dean's collection during his time with the Winchesters. Over the past year Castiel has not regretted safeguarding Dean's chance for peace, his life away from supernatural beings and the chaos and destruction they wrought. Although, he will admit to a certain discernible ache for their foregone time together; on the road within this now-familiar vehicle, or in whatever capacity Dean would have allowed, in any way that he might have needed Castiel's help.
The padded double doors muffle the techno-treble as the bass beats out vibrations into the alley. It's quieter out here, but not silent. Silence would be creepy. The music grounds him, lets him know he's not entirely alone. But when he needs to breathe it's better to be on his own, better to try and clear this crap from his head without fearing he'll see it again.
him not to do it that way—but everything was happening so fast, and there was a decade's worth of doubt stopping Cas' words—those three huge words—from sinking in. Even after, as everything finally hit him and he curled up on the dungeon floor and cried his freakin' eyes out, even then, even
to play along - but he’s still running on empty, and the heavy atmosphere of the day that has nothing to do with the weather is weighing on his heart, hampering any good mood from rising fully to the surface. He smiles proudly at his wonder of a kid, but that's about all he can manage right now.
). But Cas is close; he stayed, and Dean's breathing him in like a miracle, like he's both the sensation flooding through him and the
"It'll be over quickly, I promise," says the uncle-- before he's skewered from behind by the scarecrow's scythe.
Head tipped back, eyes loose on the Impala's dark ceiling, he can see Cas standing in that dead patch of grass, squinting against the sun.
Placing his duffel in the footwell he situates himself in the middle of the rear seat, pulling the door shut to keep out the nighttime chill. Some residual warmth remains from the heater being on during their drive so it's not actually as cold as Cas thought. He won't need to wear his jacket and with the quilt Dean provided he won't need to use his coat either.
But was he right? Had Dean doomed Sam to a fate worse than death by trying to do the right thing, trying to save him?
Usually, with his brother and his best friend beside him, Sam felt they were a force to be reckoned with. That together, they could take on anything.
Remembering his phone in his jeans he pulls it out. It was set on vibrate but the quilt must have absorbed the vibrations - either that or he slept so profoundly well he didn't notice his phone buzzing away in his pocket.
He takes hold of the bacon carcass and bites off its crispy head, like any good Captain worth his stripes would do. Audrey tilts back in her chair, showing off her milk-toothed smile blacked out by bacon bits, and Dean smiles back. "Roger that," he says, but something occurs to him. "Wait a minute.. what
Dean shook his head lightly, hands around Cas’ wrists on the pillow, torsos aligning, legs dividing.
Pulling out, regrettably, Dean immediately dipped two fingers back in, massaging Cas down from his peak. Hungry murmurs sounded from his lover, and Dean withdrew his touch. Their mutually sated sighs mingled in the air as Dean reached around to offer his fingers, and the evidence of his love, to his beloved.
The point is, he's not going to let anyone - PhD or otherwise - tell him he needs to get back in that saddle. He picks up his old Gibson now and then just to mess around, covers and whatnot, just for fun. He doesn't need anymore than that.
It’s his own kind of therapy. Better than forking over his hard-earned pay to some Ivy League shrink with a God complex and wall to wall plastic ficuses.
Sparks spit at the shadows from the brush skirting the platform as the structure engulfed itself—a blaze of green and orange, huffing out thick black smoke. The heat swayed on the winter breeze. Flames licked higher and higher into the starless sky, consuming and reaching beyond their grasp as they waved their goodbye.
But when it comes to this sorta thing all they can really do is.. wait and see. Try to be ready to divert whatever mountain of crap avalanches toward them - or try to outrun it, sidewind it before the risk catches up with 'em and the goddamn consequences bury them alive.
Cas felt like a burden much of the time, and now he had let show his dislike for the room the brothers were kind enough to offer him. He had been ungrateful, and guilt churned sleepily in his gut.
There's trust and then there's care; there's fondness and then there's intimacy. Cas’ focus is solely and completely on him―intent and adoring, and it's all of the above.
Sam didn't believe it, not at first. But when he applied the theory to Eileen's business dealings and all the travel she did, alongside her charm - which was, as Sam put it,
Today was the first day without a hint of nausea from the potion, and the headaches accompanying his sensory fluctuations finally ceased completely after having eased off two weeks back. His energy reserves are sitting at around seventy five percent, which is a huge improvement from the less than twenty percent he had when he first woke up after.. well, before his first dose of the potion, before it really started to work its magic. In any case, all the sensory yo-yo-ing takes its toll, so it's no wonder he needs no help falling asleep come nightfall.
The holidays are always a gamble since most of the extended family can't make it, but this tradition of theirs tends to pull everyone from their various corners of the world, even if their time together is overlapping. Most stay the whole two weeks, some can only spare a few days, but it’s the pinnacle of Campbell-Winchester & Co. family time.
"Cas, if it really bothers you, I can just—“ Dean moved to untangle them, intending to take care of himself in the shower. He would make sure to set some coffee to brew first, and swipe two cups enroute back to Cas' bedroom, refreshed and ready to lure a grumpy Angel from their huddle of blankets.
Cas had already explained what happened here, sure. But it can't hurt to have a little Angel A-bomb-aftermath on tape for the future. Never know when this sorta thing might come in handy. Best to keep it under the radar, too, just in case Raphael's got eyes nearby.
A warm touch along the exposed side of his face, another on the opposite shoulder, and in the process of a slow exhale.. space appears between them before Dean can even think to open his eyes.
“Y'know.. that could happen in your kitchen and you wouldn't even know about it,” he tells Sam, concealing his cringe under a mischievous guise while Lucky continues to lick the plate clean. He grabs a dish towel and one of Sam's ‘dried’ glasses. “You might see a clean plate and think,
Castiel’s truck had been left behind, Dean promising to get it back to Kansas, somehow, else abandon it and find him some new wheels since the thing refused to start in the morning cold.
His tongue traced the shell of Cas' ear, hot breath ghosting down his neck, open kisses exhaled at the top of his spine. Cas murmured in his sleep, shifting slightly. His ass instincively gravitated back to Dean’s touch. But he continued dreaming.
"Since when does time determine love?" Sam gets a look Dean remembers from when he'd talk about the past, about Jess. Probably not something he wants to bring up right now, seeing as how Eileen's right outside.
—it's on the tip of his tongue when the guy steps forward into a faint beam of light and Dean squares up, hoping like hell he can get a few hits in before he goes down. Then he recognises the face and his blood runs cold, skin prickling as a tremor runs down his spine. It's the guy from inside, the one whose face went all Hell-A-Vision on him.
He was pretty sure that merited a certain four-letter-word. But fear no longer troubled him. He wasn’t afraid of being with Cas, of bearing his heart and Cas offering his in return. He wasn't even afraid of breaking Cas' heart—because he would sooner die than be the one to hurt him (not again).
He hears Dean shuffle about in the front as he moves to lay down, extracting his jacket from his duffel to use as a pillow. He spreads the quilt over himself, appreciating the size as it pools in the footwell and bunches over his feet. Despite their combined body heat in the enclosed space, the lack of heater and the steel chassis and glass windows don't do much to insulate against the nighttime chill now seeping in.
He could take the guy out with one shove but he can't move. Can't even open his eyes—even if one wasn't swelling up fast and sealing itself shut—'cos he doesn't want to see
It's only now Dean realises that first kiss was rather chaste: no tongue. And yet, for all its intensity, it ranks up there with the best kisses of his life―ones that can't ever be replicated, no matter who they were with.
Cas is still close, still hugged by Dean's thighs, loose as they are around him now. And it's as he reaches back to the medkit―Dean's eyes following that arm extending, that suddenly traitorous hand that has left his face in favor of something
But maybe he still needs to make that undeniably clear; he hasn't quite said it, but he doesn't want to jumble the meaning with speech. Words can wait. Dean's more a man of action, anyway, and now feels like the time to follow through with some moves of his own.
The thing is super creepy, like a pilgrim zombie with the old longcoat and some kind of patchwork mask covering its face, the eye-holes black voids.
A cupboard door opening; softly closing. A sniffle, a swallow, a shift of clothing against the kitchen counter - a piece of cloth catching on that chip in the counter edge near the coffee-maker; a sigh..
Their bodies were flush. Dean's head told him that his arms wrapped around Cas to hold him steady. But his heart beat a different story, drumming bold and bathed in internal sunlight as his Angel embraced him.
But reality shifts again and the asshole turns back into a walking nightmare. It looks pretty goddamn real, always has. Vivid. Just as real-but-not-real as every other hallucination he's had—but hasn't had in months. Now it's a shock to the system. He's frozen in place.
Lost in that sunny reverie, it took a moment for Dean to realise he had abandoned his retreat, and was once again wrapped around his Angel—who had himself abandoned the need for space between them, pressing his body fully up against Dean's with one leg wrapped around his hip, thick thigh muscle clamping Dean in place.
The reflex of Cas' orgasm tightened around Dean's cock and his balls hitched up, forcing everything he had up his swollen length with dizzying heat and a succession of manic moans, loud enough to wake the neighbours.
Dean's thoughts had so consumed him that he didn't notice how he'd removed himself from Cas' hold, from their close proximity. They were laying side by side, now, Dean's eyes distant on the ceiling.
It's late but sleep eludes him, as it often does when something is weighing on his mind. At the moment it's several somethings. He watches the stars glittering the night sky, noting which constellations are visible this far north this time of year.
. Cas had the worst timing. Saying something like that at a time like that, leaving Dean with more questions than answers.
Dean inhaled steady, slow, deep, his nose buried in the soft tufts of hair before him. A solid, warm expanse of Angel in his arms, safe and near. The last thing Dean felt before sleep, was Cas settling back into his touch.
Over pancakes and bacon at a nearby roadside diner, Cas delays telling Dean he'll be leaving. It should at least wait until he's finished his third cup of coffee, he reasons.
Dean stalled his motions, one hand on Cas' hip to halt them, the other brushing back hair from his brow as he leaned back.
to know for certain. But it also meant that it was a side-effect, that for it to happen there first had to be a hefty drain of Cas' energy, like a battle-wound or using his grace to help heal someone or defend someone in need—Dean, most likely. His Angel essence needed to wane significantly for his Humanity to become more..
She huffs a laugh and shakes her head. "No, he ain't like that. Real overbearing type. Kinda pushy, is all. I just told him I'd found another ride and he was upset. Can't blame him, really. I'm fabulous company."
Now there's a distracting and somewhat depressing train of thought. Apocalyptic times can't tear them apart, not for good, and even death is nothing new. It would be a painful joke of cosmic proportions if the thing that actually ruins their friendship is love.
Dean's leg, slipped between Cas' thighs, pulled him closer. Cas' hips worked with equisite motion—more friction than finess, but still: Dean had to wonder where he learned his moves, and what other budding skills Cas was hiding.
He knew what Dean liked—when he got in late and was tired but too worked up to sleep, he would wake Cas in the most delightful ways in order to help him work off that excess energy and ease him into dreamland.
The purple of the continents is brighter than the hue settling in across his knuckles; probably his neck and face, too. He knows that sight (coupled with the involuntary twitches of pain Dean’s body insists on making to remind him it requires special attention) probably erks Cas, somewhat―knowing they could both be done with this by now.
, he silently hopes, but it's no use. Jo does whatever—and whoever—she wants. Dean loves that about her, her fearlessness, but sometimes she can be just plain reckless. Or blind to the downsides.
up close. He just needs to breathe, but he's only wheezing through the blood, lungs constricting without mercy.
Yeah. Dean knows. Still. “Why would that matter? He’s had so-called girlfriends in the past and he’s never held back on the details - no matter
Dean's moving quietly - the kind of soft-stepping of someone who either doesn't want to disturb or doesn't want to be heard, but the sounds are crisp and obvious to Sam's heightened ears: out the back door, over the gravel, gnats throwing themselves against the zapper, Impala door barely whispering a creak as it opens (the
With another mouthful of crunchy dragon-bacon he makes for the door, swinging it wide without bothering to look through the peephole. He knows who it is. But he doesn’t expect to be bowled over by two great heaps of excitable - and
It wasn’t uncommon for Sam to rouse from sleep after a particularly gruelling hunt, one in which the loss outweighed the win. But it wasn’t usual for him to lose sleep over a big win like this.
when the tone cuts out as abruptly as it had cut in. The room stills. Just that one brief moment of chaos before everything settles and is.. fine, apparently?
, and a memory foam mattress as well - are all precautionary measures; he still doesn't know what senses will go wild when, so he prepares for all eventualities: Tiger Balm and odour-filter mask sit alongside his charged pair of wireless
Wise words, for sure, especially coming from a fellow caffeine addict. But sometimes life shoves that reminder right in your face on days you’d really rather not deal with without a little caffeinated help - artful pancakes or no.
Not that those things aren't memorable in their own right, but there are a few that stand out a little more in his mind (for
Cas said nothing, but a smile sparkled in his eyes before he leaned out of bed to switch off the light on his side. Dean followed suit, switching off his own lamp.
Cas sounded dejected. Maybe he expected Dean to fight him on this—like he does with anything relating to Angels or Heaven or those Brimstone bastards from the basement. But Dean thought he hated that. In fact, he
this―blue eyes catching the golden light of the antique lamp, reflecting it back at him. Not hard, though, not like a mirror. More like water, like pools of water both ancient and new, refreshing and sunwarmed, inviting the kind of swim where he could happily drown but knows he never would.
"Please. Just let us go," Emily tries, but there doesn't seem much of a chance of bargaining with these loonies.
Most days he's okay, emotionally speaking. Life goes on. Every year it gets a little easier, if not occasionally lonely in a way friends and family and even the munchkin can't quite turn around. But, again, that's just the way of some things. A widower's day-to-day.
The Angel fidgeted, small noises of discontent crawling up through the sheets. He was trying to keep from putting pressure on Dean's groin, while simultaneously not giving up on their embrace.
Castiel always knew the chance of defeating an Archangel on his own was impossible, and therefore anything that could afford him victory in this war - to end the graceshed, to save Humanity, and the Earth, and Heaven from itself - he
He manages to lift his head to peer down at the mass of damp yellow fur. Lucky's tongue is poking at the breakfast stain above his left pec, trying to lick a hole right through the already threadbare cotton. “Hey.” Big brown eyes peek up at him as he narrows his own in defiance. “I don’t like you.” Unbothered by Dean's words, Lucky carries right on licking.
now, was for Dean to burrow under the covers and empty Cas with his tongue, eliciting a post-orgasmic symphony from those beautiful lips up above.
But that's the thing about shared moments like this―the ones that time stands still for while space suspends you, and if you lose your balance you'll fall through the clouds to land smack-bang on the cold hard ground, lost and alone and tossed out of your own special happening―if you take too long, someone else will talk first, move first, and you gotta hope you haven't missed your window, that they won't say or do something to throw you off balance and send you flying, falling, moment done and dusted, whether they meant to push you out of it or not.
, Cas.” He pressed a smiling kiss to the Angel's lips. "But you make your own choices." Another kiss. "You gotta do what you gotta do." And one more, lingering and sweet. "I'm proud of you." Cas smiled back, timid and sad, but seemingly grateful for Dean's words.
And then, wouldn't ya know it, the opportune moment presents itself like a goddamned miracle - except being on a nature walk means Baby (and more crucially, the
When a reply doesn't come through immediately he pockets his phone, moving up the line. Ten minutes later he's in the middle of brushing his teeth when he receives a new text.
to be doing.” Dean recalls a close-call with a cherry-red Mustang that almost flattened him at the shop because of one particularly steamy account.
―now guide his face towards the light (dim as it may be, but no less helpful to illuminate darker things).
All the while wearing two blobs of cream at nipple-height either side of his tie (which Dean may or may not have snapped a photo of for posterity - and future blackmail purposes).
Their family caravan rolled out of the chalky drive, pyre spent and demon bodies disappeared (assumedly) by Crowley. With sunrise a few hours away, and having been beaten and bloodied and built their own
Waterlogged phone safely stowed inside his equally waterlogged jacket, along with wallet and keys, he sets out in the forward direction of a working lifeline.
They're traveling on Highway 23, stopping for more fuel and snacks and eventually burgers near Thunder Bay. Dean wants to push on, reach Huron Beach and find a motel for the night, so they continue along the coast through twilight as stars begin to dot the sky, winking in the violet.
Castiel?" The clothing, the mannerisms, the stories of their world all differentiate this Dean from the one Castiel knows. But it's still jarring to hear
That, or he’s just an asshole. Or maybe the driver was really the God of Mischief in disguise - now doubled over in hysterics behind the wheel of his pilfered big rig because of that perfectly aimed prank.
There's a warm weight around his shoulders, measured breaths tickling the back of his neck. Cas smells like sunshine after a rainstorm and the air of the open road.
And by the smile graced onto Dean’s very lips, the one alight in Cas' eyes, Dean must be doing something right, something to help him in return, in thanks, in.. more ways than one.
Dean's heart constricted that the chance was stolen from them, or maybe that he let it slip through his fingers, that he didn't try hard enough—didn't
After this morning, where Dean displayed some proficiency at taking down an assailant without a weapon, Cas was tempted to ignore all sense and invite Dean along on the case.
Angelic Grace may be one helluva pick-me-up―fast and more than effective―but there's just something about this kind of prolonged close proximity and corporeal care that does a little extra to help with the pain. For both of them.
But since they're in a horror flick it makes sense that this is the moment things go from bad to worse.
"—Cas, enough! Alright? You're gettin' some shut-eye, and that's final." If he had to treat Cas like a stubborn child then he damn well would. Dean knew what was best right now even if Cas couldn't see it.
Cas is gone. Million monsters ate him up from the inside out so Dean can't even chew him out for it. Can't show him how good Baby looks right now either, despite everything that happened to her, everything Cas did.
Laying the cherry-red-and-black plaid button-down on the bedspread, along with the dark crew-neck cotton shirt folded neatly, and the hip-riding jeans that do everything to flatter their respective bowleggedness, boots tucked in at the foot of the modest frame, he wonders if this world's Dean might allow him to keep one such outfit for himself. He's not certain if it's entirely his style, but he honestly doesn't know what his style
Dean sobers at the end, mirth twinkling in his eyes as he threatens a non-existent scenario. From what Cas has seen Dean's not joking; he would freak out over his car's close proximity to the mess of a hunt. Luckily all the pagan-god worshipping folk of Burkittsville did was pump faulty fuel into it, something Dean was able to fix by draining the tank and fuelling up proper.
It's not like he told Cas never to stop by. The guy took off before he could tell him it wasn't outta the question. And the whole lack-of-prayin' thing was only Dean's choice since he didn't need Cas, didn't wanna bother him.
. And even more awesome is how that one word coaxes a slightly bigger smile from Mr. Angel Mythos, plus some lovely eye-crinkles, plus―is that a faint tinge of red on his cheeks or has Dean reached the delusional of hunger? There’s no way this guy is an axe-wielding psychopath. He’s too cute.
Under the fading stars as dawn approaches, prayer beads held in his hand instead of adorning it, he voices an invocation; murmured between his lips, held close to his heart, sent out into the universe―to every universe―impelled by his soul.
Dean can't bear to open his eyes. He can feel Cas still tangled in his embrace; doesn't want to blink awake and find the moment over, dispelled like some cruel illusion. He doesn't want to watch Cas move away from him (it'll hurt enough to
She nods again, clearing her throat and straightening in her seat. “Rest in peace, oh flame-haired flyer. May your magic live on in us. May we do good with it, and not be tricked by the Dark Side.” And without further ado, she scrapes up a fork full of fluffy eggs and drags them through the puddle of witchy-ketchup.
He knows he's not alone in the diner, but he's been known to get a little lost in flavor country and not realise he's maybe making a scene until heads turn and eyes stare. Like the guy who must've walked in some time between Dean's pie arriving and him taking that first delicious bite.
Cas returns his smile, looking just as tired, just as hopeful, his leg pressing against Dean's under the table, and it feels like an answer to a question Dean still doesn't know how to ask.
Turns out to be just another mistake in a long line of dumbass mistakes, another mark on the board for his tally of bad choices. Baby purrs back to life only half a minute before she's put to sleep again and Dean's stalking away into the bar.
Four years of fixing cars is nothing to be ashamed of, either. It's good, honest work. There are things he misses about his former life but writing ain't one of 'em. If he had his time again he would've given up that life in a heartbeat to save Lisa, if he could've.
It always takes a few cups of coffee to get him fully functional, but since they'll have to drive somewhere for breakfast he won't have any caffeine in him until Dean is awake.
sleep.” He obviously wanted to quash that with some adlib remark about Sam’s face or hair or whatever, but he didn’t, because he
- but that ain't Sam's fault. Fact is, Cas had every opportunity to talk to Dean, to ask for help - and Dean would've, in a
She's right, it could be nothing. But even if there are no supernatural elements at fault it doesn't hurt to check it out for himself. What will hurt is the impending conversation he'll have to have with Dean.
Dean maneuvers a corner over the seat to show Cas in a stray moonbeam: in the corner are another set of embroidered initials:
? Really Sammy?” He snags the first mug just as Sam tops it off and resolutely ignores the impending bitchface. “We need to get you outta the office more. All that lawyer jargon is startin’ to spill into the regular world.” Inhaling deep, he takes a life-affirming first sip. It’s good. Sammy always brews the good stuff. He turns a mildly apologetic look on his brother, grateful for the coffee. “Look, I’m not surprised that he met someone.”
He lost the will for it the same time he lost Lisa to that road accident. Maybe it was because the subject of love was his bread-n'-butter and losing his own just made it too damn painful to think about. It's not like he was giving up some high-flying career - he didn't even perform his own songs; his stage fright saw to that.
With Dean’s scowl successfully reversed and his mug now dangerously low, he catches Sam’s attention and nods towards the thermos. Filled up again, he settles back against the counter.
He padded over to the armchair adjacent to his brother, who was now pointedly staring at the ceiling, the wall, the loose thread on his sleeve..
in the same animated voice she used at breakfast, only at a quieter volume. A glance over his shoulder tells him she's signing some parts, Eileen helping her express certain words with previously unknown gestures. Dean should really practice more; his kid is always setting good examples.
Whatever this meant for their friendship, Dean couldn't help the joy speading his lips against Cas' temple as it dawned on him that all these things meant Cas was finally settling in. He was allowing himself to feel welcome, to feel wanted.
But it ain't all bad. The thing about food bringing joy is that it works for more than just the maker. Take Dean’s six year old munchkin, Audrey: she has the remarkable habit of turning every mealtime into an adventure - many of which tend to feel like someone spiked his coffee with the brown acid, but who needs drugs when you've got kids?
Oh-kay. Yeah. That’s a new one. “No way.” But Sam nods, and somehow this doesn’t have the vibe of their patented practical jokes; third parties aren’t usually roped into their antics, at least not like this. “
He’s free, and his body feels weightless, if not slightly bruised and thoroughly marred with the essence of Dog. He groans for effect, gradually getting to his feet and staggering off to the kitchen where Sam is chuckling - but also holding a large thermos of coffee. A truce, and Dean accepts.
Dean follows that voice, lifts his head, finds Cas close: eyes concerned but immensely fond; Dean knows that look, has been intimate with it for years, knows it's born of love and care and the belief that Dean actually deserves those things. "That a 'yes'?" Because he needs to know he didn't pass out and this is just a nightmare about to land the fatal blow to his heart.
Chuck leans forward in his chair, hands folded over Dean's file as he regards him steadily. He's not the first patient to struggle with this affliction, but time—and drugs—do heal many a-cracked psyche. "This is a good thing, Dean. You're better." With a tight smile that's half bedside-manner (for Dean's sake) and half relief (for his own sake, knowing that things have improved instead of barrelling off in the other direction; that happens sometimes, too) he moves on to the next matter at hand. "Now, you might experience some side effects."
at Dean with any hint of a joke right now hits him where it hurts, well. No-one's the wiser if he just shoves that feeling away - even if Cas is staring right at him. "Just stand there n' look pretty." The phone pans to Cas' right, capturing the levelled gas station beyond the police barricade.
Cas nods gravely. "Something changes inside them. The body, the mind, perhaps the soul, altered by physiological chemistry and innate magic. Their self, their human essence, is overwhelmed. Forever changed."
With a gentle nod and a final kiss to Cas' temple, Dean relinquished his hold, and Cas piled into his truck and drove away from the bunker, from his home, from Dean.
Dean grabbed the edge of the hamper and tilted the mouth toward Cas, prompting him to throw his trousers in.
He could write love like nobody’s business. There was no need for him to also love hearing about anyone and everyone's love-sick pursuits, those delusional Hallmark Valentine dreams they genuinely thought were real-life possibilities.
Reaching to remove his under-layer, Cas inhaled deep to muster the strength of raising his arms above his head. Perhaps a few hours rest would do him some good.
This may prove to be a terrible idea, but Cas finds himself willing to do everything he can in order to keep Dean safe, even if that means bringing him along on a case so he can be better equipped to protect himself and his loved ones in the future, after they really do part ways.
Landing in the dirt with a heavy thump and a groan as Dean tightens his grip, the man suddenly promises to let the woman 'have it her way' while also cussing Dean out.
Aaron's voice cuts through his stare-fest and Dean jerks to meet his eye. "Nah, man. I'm good." He can feel a headache pushing behind his eyes and his skin's starting to heat up uncomfortably. He wore his own leather jacket, which wasn't the smartest clothing choice for a place like this. The whole night was probably a dumb idea 'cause now that he's drug-free he's gotta worry about those damn side effects.
The flannel was thick and soft and hugged his skin in the cool night air. As he pulled on the tee his eyes drew downward, noting the imagery on the front. The sleeves reached his elbows and the torso hung loose enough to curl up in. And it was all so familiar.
“Look.." Dean sighed, turning inward toward Cas. "I don’t want you to go, Cas. But.. maybe you need to."
He inched closer, cock poking through chunky thighs to gain his own friction, thrusting slow, tight strokes. Dean's palm dragged up Cas' leg, his body curling in dreams. Ghosting over the more sensitive spots, Dean kneaded flesh where he found muscle, travelling upward and around, halting his touch at Cas' groin, palming his thigh for a better grip. He continued thrusting, patience slowly melting away with every retreat.
The guy squints at him as Dean perks up at the mere mention of his Baby, something of a smile quirking one corner of his chapped lips. You’d think
Dean lets his head fall to rest upon Cas. The immediate temptation to snake his arms beneath coat and jacket to eliminate all space between their bodies suddenly seems like the greatest idea since the invention of those oversized trenchcoats, way-back-when. The chill will sneak in there, is all. And that's no good. It's always coldest just before dawn, and dawn is nearing to break soon. Neither of them should be cold.
Without pretense Dean settles his quilt over himself. It's similar to the one in Cas' lap but even in the minimal light he notices the colors are more faded, more worn with time.
At least he knows Chuck is no longer pulling their strings and that whatever happens from here on out it really is just him and Cas. The thought never even crossed his mind that Cas' confession might be Chuck's doing. Chuck didn't care enough about him to bother, and besides: Cas was always the rebel against God's story.
A shotgun fires through the otherwise still night and the scarecrow growls in pain. Someone skids to a stop by Dean's side and cuts his hands free with two swift slices of a blade. "Are you hurt?"
He pulls on his blue denim jacket with the sherpa collar, grabs his bag and exits the restroom. There's a few ways to go about breaking the news to Dean, none of them ideal, all of them likely to leave things strained between them - even if it's a lie Dean believes, like Cas needing to visit a friend or contact and how they don't take kindly to strangers.
to stay, and he couldn’t help the chill from spreading through his veins as he wondered over Cas’ affections: perhaps he didn’t feel as strongly as Dean did about this 'unnamed thing' growing, moving, stalling between them.
If Cas were a different person, if his life were different, he'd be able to unwind a little and enjoy their time together more. But taking time out for coffee and pie with a stranger is one thing when they may have insight on a case. It's another thing to let an impromptu road trip with said stranger distract him from his job.
Cas is almost level with him. For the height of the table, he hadn't needed to bend down at all. Dean sits taller, now, lips level. With one hand still around Cas’ waist―and wholly unwilling to surrender its place―the other gives up the tie to move up.. up.. up broad chest and over heart.. passed collar to find neck and stubble, lips meeting again somewhere along the way.
Wally had agreed to help in order to learn, rather than just cut tail and run. And for that, he was brave.
face, and he can’t bring himself to lie. The guy pretty much knows all his tells, anyway. Good for lawyering, bad for Dean.
His less-fucked-up eye adjusts to the low light in time to catch a flash of red hair beneath the streetlamp as she disappears 'round the corner. She's gone, and so is the body on the ground—
"Dean." And there's so much in just that one word. "Cas has been in love with you for.. well, I don't know how long, exactly. A while, I think. Years."
In any case, Cas may have healed his outside but his inside still needs work, and he knows Cas can help with that, too (he already is helping, has been all along, healing Dean in more ways than one).
Under the hood he can see something's wrong, but it's not the usual wear n' tear of the road. "What the hell?" Looks like somebody messed with his engine-- and that's the last thought he has before a sharp pain blooms across the back of his skull and everything goes dark.
―His thoughts are cut off by the most beautiful sound in the world: a bleeping horn, which is accompanied by the most beautiful sight in the world: a little blue car, one that rolls to a stop right beside him.
of theirs twisted into something ugly and unfamiliar, something changed by the physical distance between them, and by the distance created by unspoken words.
He stands aside as Dean opens the trunk with his key, and makes idle mention of how the Impala's impressive trunk would be suitable for hunting, how a coupe would never do and how unless you have a flatbed truck you need a vehicle with enough room to hide a body. And how the black paint would help conceal mud and blood.
First of all, of course his family would support him, he knows that. Second, the world wouldn't want what he's crankin' out these days - and he's fine with not being able to do better. He piqued early, it happens. He had a taste of another life and that was plenty. He's happy with the life he has now.
—and his airways clear with the new angle. Blood trickles sideways against gravity from his mouth and nose and hairline..
He yanks himself back in his seat just like he did the door against the rain, removing himself from Castiel’s personal space and settling back into his own bubble of protection.
“Alright, so maybe I’m no cheerleader for all that mushy crap.” Sam snorts, seemingly in agreement. Unless he’s being a jerk - a
he forces himself to focus on the problem at hand. Reaching back under his shitty plastic poncho and into his jacket, he pulls out the soggy map he'd brought with him. “Here,” he points to the red circle along i-39, “I think it’s a pump n’ go. They usually have an emergency phone.”
But he still couldn't shake the feeling of the room: it felt foreign, belonging to someone else—or many someones, like any of the countless, nameless motel rooms he had stayed in over the years whether with, or without the Winchesters.
But after a few close calls - aborted attempts due to bad timing; heart-stopping panic at accidental, premature near-reveals - he'd decided to keep it out of harm's way in the safest place he knew.
is that heavenly smell, the guy reaches between their seats into the back. There’s a pile of duffle bags that draws Dean’s eye this time, and they help answer one question: he’s either traveling to or from some place; escaping or returning or maybe even visiting. Dean mulls over the endless possibilities in the few seconds it takes for the guy to lean back into the front and offer up a towel.
. Dean had bit back the urge to argue; best not bait the hook, he thought. Just get through it once and be done with it.
Dean's been at it for weeks. Baby's never looked so good, honestly. Probably his best work to date. Too bad the reason why harshens the sun-glare off her windshield so much it hurts, tries to blind him. He's gotta turn away.
He pushed in slow, filling Cas inch by delicious inch, revelling in the aching drag as Cas enveloped him, whimpers sighing from sleeping lips.
Two quilted blankets are folded on the passenger side of the front and rear bench seats. They look warm and comfortable, handmade and well-cared for. It stirs something in Cas' chest; they're the kind of keepsake that come from a real home, constructed with care for loved ones. For everything he's learned of Dean these past two days he still doesn't know why he's on a road trip from west to east and back again, doesn't know why he left home, or if he even has one.
-ing through the air before screeching to a halt above the enemy. Where she gets her energy from before the sun is barely up is beyond him, and a quality of youth he truly envies even on his best day.
Better they get on the road as soon as possible and leave this place behind, bad memories and all. Or so was decided last night as exhaustion threatened to claim them before they piled into their vehicles and drove away from Wally, from the barn, from Ramiel and a scorched ring of holy fire, from an entourage of dead demons and the memory of an almost-dead Castiel.
He just wanted his brother back, is that so bad? Sam didn't deserve to be left behind - not in that place; no one does. He shudders to think how Alastair's torture might pale in comparison to Lucifer's. For Sam to go through that
Wally burned like St. Patrick’s Day. Something in that barnyard gasoline colored the flametips shamrock-green.
As he fixes his coffee the way he likes it Dean takes a sip of his own, licking the bitterness from his top lip; he likes it black. "I'm Dean, by the way."
It picks up a little speed as it passes by the last row of trees separating them. Dean squeezes his eyes shut, urges Emily again to leave him and just go-- save herself--
"Dean. Maybe Angels do feel things differently from Humans. In fact, it's pretty much guaranteed. But Cas has always been different from the rest of them. And I've been here over the years, you know. I've
Dean says nothing and Cas inwardly chastises himself, desperately searching for a way to distract Dean from everything he just said.
The empty bottle drops into the footwell, recorded voices rambling, a tight fist pressing the warmed case of the phone to his forehead hard enough to leave marks.
The guy has concern - rather than wariness - written all over his face, which is pretty telling of his character, if you ask Dean. “Uhm―" he clears his throat, "Sorry. Like I was sayin’, uh..” He knows how to form full sentences, he swears he does, it’s just those
It's a remarkable feat, too, the fact that Dean's still sitting upright, that he hasn't toppled over to curl up on the table or let his body slip over the edge and pour itself into a puddle on the floor like it wants to. His muscles feel like liquid, ready to settle.
, he's sure―his own hand comes into view: it's holding onto Cas’ tie, helping Dean keep his balance.
So much had happened these past few days. Dean wouldn't change it, though, if all of it had led to this moment. To a very special, very sleepy Angel curled up in his arms, wearing his favourite Zeppelin shirt, nuzzling into him on a wish for
Cas was asleep when Dean entered their room. Breathing soundly, half-cocooned in pale sheets which nicely contrasted his bronze torso.
But not before dabbing a warm, damp washcloth over Castiel’s grimy skin, his temple and shoulders and stomach—those previously cracked and blackened abdominal muscles, which were presently taught, a healthy bronze hue, and void of any telltale scarring.
The sunrise is poking through the trees as he heads back to the Impala, parsing through potential wording when he hears a couple in the midst of an argument. He comes around the back-end of a camper, not knowing exactly what he'll do or say but knowing he can't ignore what may turn out to be a dangerous altercation.
though. He's seriously considering it. He would totally wrestle Sam to the floor - just like his mutant dogs did to him - if it means getting some caffeine in him sooner.
Several locals are positioned in front of them and off to the sides, blocking their escape. Their flashlights and shotguns are trained on the three of them. Dean recognises the general store owners and the damn sheriff.
The song of Cas' growing ecstasy eventually hastened beyond control, reaching soaring heights as Dean pushed once.. twice more into him, long and full.
But Sam had already arranged it, and it just-so-happened to be covered by Dean's insurance, so he'd gone along if only to cease the pleading puppy-dog eyes. And the nagging.
Maybe this is what he'll do now. Not just today, or next week, but for the foreseeable future (however not-so-far-off that shifty horizon may be).
The weather is perfect for driving; blue skies streaked with wisps of cirrus cloud, temperatures in the high seventies, a light wind carrying the scent of pine forests through the open windows as they leave Ohio's farmland behind.
"This is yours," he says after Dean pulls his door shut, locking it and all the others from the inside; Cas would have insisted anyway, though if anyone tries anything while they're sleeping he's a light sleeper and there's a gun, silver knife, flask of holy water and cannister of salt tucked in beside his toiletry kit. He may have a separate duffel dedicated entirely to weapons, but even though he was never in the Boy Scouts he learned from his father that hunters must always be prepared. His hand rests on a corner square of buttermilk flannel, fingertips grazing the
Cas grew up traversing the country, hunting all over the contiguous United States. He anticipates Dean's questions about monster habitats although his bright-eyed eagerness to learn about them catches Cas off-guard. Over the years he's answered these kinds of questions from civilians from time to time but none of them showed anything close to Dean's enthusiasm. It's the same verve he exudes through every topic of discussion though, so it's likely just a facet of his character.
Dean's brain skids to a halt, backtracking from coffee-centric thoughts. “Wait, what? What d’you mean?”
Another hit lands—something cracks under the force of it—and the sensation obscures everything, the pressure still building in his chest overshadowed by the pain taking front and centre. Something hard collides with his head from one second to the next, but it doesn't hurt. Maybe he's reached some terminal velocity of pain where another blow just doesn't make a damn bit of difference.
With Baby back to rights he drives 'til the sun dips below the wheatgrass horizon, no destination set in stone but half tempted to find a bar just south of the border. It's the best combo there is to clear his head: just the open road, whatever's on tap wherever he pulls up, and the right kind of company for just long enough to sate this desire to scream his lungs out - at crappy circumstance, at the Winchester Family Curse, at his own bad choices.
, Bobby's less convinced. Just to throw another wrench in the gears of the 'better life' that was supposed to finally be possible after the Apocalypse was averted. Not that that was ever really gonna happen.
Now, wherever Cas would find himself from this moment on, when his mission or the next battle would take him far from the bunker, far from the presence of the Winchesters, he could at least find comfort in the memory of Dean beside him, around him.
holding little moments of wonder, holding a pebble in the shape of music, in the shape of Dean's heart.
These technological dead zones shouldn’t even exist in this day and age. It’s a damn safety hazard. But, here they are.
They've come a long way since then, despite their many painful trials. Castiel has learned much, and Dean's trust in him has grown. Even without words spoken, he knows this. He can feel it through the connection they share, have always shared, the profoundness of their bond; with his Angelic perception, Castiel can sense variations of emotion from Dean's soul. He can feel Dean's trust in him through the solid walls of the bunker just as he can see it in the form of a rotating container through a microwave window.
The alley is empty and smells vaguely of urine and the promise of rain. A visual sweep towards the road reveals nothing. Hand on the collapsed baton in her jacket she moves to inspect the rest of the alley where it bends around the building—and gets knocked on her ass, like a
saved—someone close to both him and his brother. On top of that, words were spoken which had been, in Sam’s opinion, a long time coming. And Castiel couldn’t take them back any more than he could raise Wally from the dead, no matter how much Dean may have wanted him to.
There's no comin' back from this, from what Cas did to himself. Maybe they can take down this mutant-God—
“She was a dominatrix, Dean,” Sam lowers his voice, glancing back towards the living room. “And apparently, they still keep in touch.”
Dean knew from that moment alone that Eileen would be a good match for Sam. She seemed to find the whole thing endearing, wasn’t angry or upset. Instead of telling him off with both hands and voice, she joined Sam on the floor with a fresh handful of napkins, paying no mind to the spilled milk soaking through her pantihose.
His brow crinkles and his eyes slip shut as he chews, tastes, and a sound that's pretty damn sinful and would be right at home in another less pg-circumstance escapes as he chews, practically rumbles out of him.
And a few more times—his mouth, his eye, his noise—Dean's face bruises and splits under the assault and he can't even catch a breath.
But playing dive bars only gets you so much, and since Dean couldn't bare to play in front of bigger crowds he was only ever gonna go so far, talent or no talent. If that A&R rep hadn't wandered into
"—May not return. You haven't had any in almost two months and you've shown no signs of an ongoing condition. The medication seems to have done its job. This happens sometimes."
Sam, in his good graces, stifled a smile with a yawn and took the threat in his stride, remarking inwardly that he knew
The squelching in his boots is unpleasant. The muted landscape through the haze of late summer rain is foreboding. The downpour is downright demoralising.
So tired, it seems, that it tilts a little too far forward as Cas retreats, trying to occupy the space where his friend had been; Dean should probably lay down, but
They lapse into silence after that, Cas leaving Dean to ruminate while he takes advantage of the respite to check his phone. Hunts farther away would be best so he can put some distance between Dean and himself, between Dean and whatever supernatural threat lies at the other end, but so far there's nothing.
For the first time that morning, he caught sight of Cas' eyes: all pastel blues, dreamy-glazed and sparkling. His lips also drew Dean's attention: pink and plush, seeming thicker than usual, somehow—fuller and more kissable than ever. They were parted and his breaths were coming lazy and ragged.
“You’re doing great sweetie!” Eileen calls to her hubby, and thank God her phone is raised to capture every second for the digital records.
) of their father. Here, they can live however they choose, and in meeting this world's Winchester brothers, in hearing their story, in learning about their world, he knows the possibilities outside of hunting are plentiful.
He didn't tell Dean he could hear every sound as if it were right outside his door, for obvious reasons. With everything that happened with Cas, everything that's still happening, the last thing Dean needs is to turn to the bottle or the nearest bar. That's the last thing Sam wants for his brother.
He'd had his doubts about finding someone who'd want him that way, want more than a fling with a guy like him. For a long time he was just somebody's one night stand; strangers who noticed his pretty face and decent voice - and who didn't balk at a backseat big enough for two. Living outta your car didn't exactly scream 'stable future', so he started to accept maybe that other life just wasn't his to have. He could still dream about it, though. Write about it. Sing about it.
He gestures to the pile of bags at the mouth of the hall; Audrey’s pile, set to go with Sam's lot up to Gran's.
But it's not just the car. It's Dean. Even when Cas was a young boy and sleeping in a different motel every other night there was a familiarity to every place they wound up in. It's in people. Family. For years he shared a room with his sister and his father and their mere presence was enough to put him at ease. These days he's on his own, and allowing himself to bask in the simplicity of another person's company is self-inflicted torture because he knows it won't last.
it works. It's just not for him. He knew it wasn't gonna do him any good two minutes into that forty-five minute session. Hell, he’d had his doubts the second he walked into the waiting room, where the walls were painted that same sickly pink.
Cas was, but hunters are raised in a different world, one where holding onto the innocence of childhood could get those around you killed, could get your family killed.
It feels strange, being back in his own clothes after wearing those of this world's Dean. Perhaps now that he's felt what is native to this universe against his skin, something from another universe, a place he called home, feels foreign in an understandable way.
? Sure, Benny had come on kinda strong with the whole 'boyfriend' thing, but that was just a phase, right? Stupid teenage hormones toying with emotions and getting outta hand. It didn’t last.
Steady hands came to land on his shoulders just in time, before hoisting the confounded garment from his head and arms while helping him stay upright.
Sam, who was tall and broad and officially two people in stature, stood with an arm loose around his mother, his other hand shoved deep in his jacket pocket to stave off the nightime winter chill. His eyes flitted to Dean, who was offering similar support to Cas.
It was the kind of farewell reserved for lovers parting at the airport gate or on a train platform. The kind of moment filmed a thousand times over in every romance story that aimed to leave its audience
. It's the lack of immediate comment, the lengthy pause between reveal and Dean's next question that draws Cas' attention up to find Dean visibly uneasy.
He takes the seat across from Dean in the booth, settles in with his cup of coffee and lays his fork on the table. Dean slides the plate to the center without a word, 'cause honestly what else can he say? He probably shouldn't say anything else right now, who knows what other crap would spill out.
to lean on. Why didn't he do that..? Why was he sitting up on the table..? It’s not really comfortable, and the pocket of chill beneath it is undoing the blood-warming-good his shower had done, leg muscles twitching to get away from the cold..
After a hyposmic morning and a mostly bearable hyperosmic day, there finally comes that everynight lull in the sensory rollercoaster as he gets ready for bed. The new bedding, sleep clothes -
, but Dean beat him to it (apparently it was the four spoons of sugar in his coffee that cemented it - sugar which turned out to be salt; not that he could taste either one at the time).
The shadows of the bunker curl around his features only to be swept away by the soft golden light nearby. In this light―in
Three nights later, between the sheets with some Netflix n’ Chill, Cas rolled away from Dean’s advances. Eyes closed in concentration, eyeballs jittery behind their lids like he had slipped into REM sleep, Dean palmed his bicep, alarm bells ringing in the back of his mind.
Sam loves his brother. And as far as coping mechanisms go, rebuilding something sure beats destroying it. But when he can hear a bolt drop from a hundred yards away it's only been thanks to some ingenious padding and a couple of sleeping pills that he was previously able to drown out the noise of Dean working out his frustrations on the Impala.
Two hours and a pair of maxed-out old credit cards later, they were geared up: a range of prescription and precision-tinted eyewear, triple-protective UVA, UVB and UVC sunglasses, Mongolian cashmere blankets and sweaters (he'd managed to talk Dean out of the onesie recommended on Amazon, just barely), organic bamboo lyocell bedding, an excessive amount of Tiger Balm, fragrance-free soaps, flavourless toothpaste, industrial quality earplugs and noise-cancelling headphones - just to name a few.
was he suppose to figure out said-answer? How did he get to that point? And how would he know it was
he's glad. Because Cas is long-fuckin'-gone no matter what Sam and Bobby say - but he's still right here. And Dean can't help watchin', can't help hearin', can't help but loop the damn thing 'til his half bottle of jack is good n' drained and he can't see straight enough to make out Cas' face - but he
He's half-beneath the covers when he decides it might be best to put the earplugs in now; they'll save him from a potentially unpleasant wake-up call in the middle of the night, from any number of worldly noises—when a high-pitch tone deafens him out of nowhere, ears popping with the sound, room spinning.
As he walks further and further away from the Impala the irony doesn't escape him; crashing his car after yesterday. It could've been a lot worse. It wasn't even raining the day Lisa died, no hazards or anything to blame, just one of those things. It happened out of nowhere, could've happened while she was at home with her daughter and Dean, with no warning signs at all. A stroke at thirty-two. They just didn't see it coming.
A lot of times, when Cas wanted to show Dean something safely tucked away in the curl of his palm, it turned out to be something very different from a rock: a purple flower, an injured bee, a glowing mushroom; a nautilus shell, a piece of antler velvet, a black feather; a couple of aspirin, a lit candle, a mini pie.
Of a morning toothpaste is overwhelming, only to have Dean's three-alarm chilli be tasteless by nightfall. Bobby's staircase is a life-or-death hazard at breakfast, but the towers of books that line the halls and walls and interrupt every floorspace are all too-easy to navigate with his eyes closed by sundown. Proximity to the radiator could result in second-degree burns if he's not visually careful, caused by either reduced thermoception or nocioception. And time spent out in the elements can burn him all the same, with summer's UV rays having ten times the impact on his oversensitised skin, not to mention the sun practically blinding him on photophobic days.
The nature of their embrace was no doubt noticed from the outside; Sam could see, and Dean was sure he knew what it meant to him.
So caught up in his spiralling thoughts Dean doesn't realise his gaze has slid from his boyfriend above to the mud below - surrounding him, soaking into his jeans, filthy, cold and isolating. He doesn't even notice that air is hard to come by.. until a hand is placed over his racing heart, moving in tandem with the quick rise and fall of his chest.
In those few seconds of illumination, he noticed the second remarkable thing this night: Dean was sat beside Cas on the edge of the bed, hand curled gently over the sleeping Angel’s.
That said, Dean seems a little too unaffected by the whole ordeal, which is concerning. Maybe it's best they're traveling together for now so Cas can monitor him for a few days.
Dean hums as Sam brushes his hands together in his periphery. He didn't even realise they were so close to finishing the set up.
Some small-town city limits come into view just as the clouded night kisses down the last of twilight. Dean knows this place. He can get what he needs here, on a lucky night. Hell, two out of three ain't bad.
So maybe he does believe, because surely the universe can’t have it in for him like this without some nefarious asswipe pulling the strings. Maybe this is just how Gods operate nowadays since people don't pay attention like they used to. Ancient spirits in the sky gotta pass the time somehow, and their mystic-meddling hoodoo is cursing him for kicks right this very second.
in the house," he winks, but she knows the act, knows him too damn well. Her eyes go soft with worry.
Sam suspected the events of the evening would weigh on his mind, and that even if he wanted to, even if he had a bed of his own, Dean’s conscience wouldn’t let him sleep. He’d be glancing over at Cas every five minutes to check he was still breathing, still there.
It's no surprise Emily decides to leave town. Dean gives her and Cas a ride to the greyhound station the next town over. They wish her luck and say goodbye and she boards the bus. Cas surveys the timetable board as Dean comes to stand beside him.
Cas rejoined their cuddle, but seemingly now mindful of the issue between Dean's thighs which—for his own brief stint as a human—might know wouldn't fade away on its own.
He was right about most things when it came to his brother and his best friend—that is, the unspoken thing the two of them shared.
in a very comforting voice, like Baby’s tyres rolling into the driveway of home. He seems almost introspective, too, like he's been in a similar situation. “Yeah. Yeah, that’s―” a quick glance around the small confines of the hatchback - grey felt all over, no personal touches, clean but bare - tells Dean this car probably isn't the reason why he gets it.
"There's nothing in there," Cas mumbled, spying Dean from the corner of his eye as he reached the final button.
. He knows that sound, that sigh. Knows it so well his stomach drops down into the puddle of potion still working its way through his digestive tract.
A double-pat to Dean's shoulder and she's gone from his side and out of sight before he can comment.
Before he could repeat the motion, Cas was fidgeting in front of him, hoisting his other knee, holding both high as he arched back into Dean, ass smooshing against his abdomen, Dean's body cocooning him.
It growls again, louder, almost inhuman. That's not possible obviously but there's a lot going on and whoever or whatever's making that noise gives Dean the distinct impression it's just woken up from a long nap and it's stomach is fucking rumbling.
Cas has found a pebble by the bank of the creek-bed, one shaped like a guitar pick - an object he didn't know the purpose of when he'd encountered one for the first time in Dean's apartment.
to." There's really no more to it than that. Except maybe just, "I could really use a friend, right about now." Reckless little brother, uncle who lied to him for a year; seems he can't really go wrong seeking the advice of his Angelic best friend, right? Even if he has been out of sorts since their little reunion. Better than the alternatives at least, even if there is a year of space between them now.
Dean has never been more grateful to hear Eileen’s beautiful voice, syllables rounded and booming at one of two Golden Retrievers currently licking his joy away.
Perhaps it's Cas' hunter mentality but for as long as he's known about the existence of the supernatural, the existence of monsters, of evil incarnate, the idea of a better life has never held much sway. Not in his reality.
When Dean returns from the restroom a short time later Cas is still seated upright, back against the cushioned leather, quilt unfolded partway over his lap where he's been inspecting the stitchwork in the half-moon light.
Cas hasn't quite figured out yet whether Rachel likes to think she knows more than she actually does or if she just enjoys riling Cas up. Maybe it's both.
He kind of wished Dean had moved to join Castiel in the backseat, the mental image urging a new smile every time his thoughts wandered: the two of them, slumped beside each other, head on shoulder, cheek on hair, hands comfortably twined between them, on display for any and all to see..
to re-discover whatever's left of him? Forget calling in Death for a quick-fix favour, because even Dean knows some things can't be fixed, can't be undone, unseen.
Cas’ grip tightened around Dean, struggling to hold onto what little motive he had left to leave—to leave Dean behind,
Cas was dumbstruck. He glanced over at the open draw, now filled with all manner of casual wear. Dean lay the tee and pants back on the bed before stepping towards the closet.
Not today, obviously. Today the scene outside sucks, and not only is it doing nothing to improve his mood it's sending it in the opposite direction.
a dog - it’s the friggin’ spawn of a Dire Wolf and Winnie The Pooh! He doesn’t have the energy to escape. If he had coffee in him maybe, but―
The swab is gone. The scent of iodine has faded, as if far away (and not rising up from the little silver dish right beside him).
Baby's engine turns over and he rifles through his tape box for something fitting and sticks it in the deck. The intro riff to
"Astraea was a god," says Dean, "living among humans. She left them, but one day she'll come back, bring a new age of peace and prosperity."
The guy looks at him strangely, head tilted and lips parted like he can't figure out why a perfect stranger would offer to share his pie with some dude he just met who's name he doesn't even know.
And one glance down has him frozen in place by Dean's green eyes, wide awake and staring up at Cas, a smile playing lazily on his lips.
Dean's heart rate kicks up, his head feeling lighter and arms gone weak as his hands fight to curl into fists. Breaths come shallow and ragged, and of all the times to get whammied by a bunch of drug-free side effects this is some black-cats-under-ladders bullshit bad luck.
And without the Impala to work on what's he 'spose to do? Can't kill God, so-called. And not-Cas said he'd leave 'em alone if they did the same, so.. Hunting seems the thing to do, right? Get back on that horse and wrangle some bad guys.
But even against all reason, all dangers considered, there are times when Castiel, too, does want for a friend.
He's probably the brightest damn thing around, the only visual break in the gloom. The banana plastic of his hooded dimestore poncho frames his view as he trudges along―and it fully lives up to its cheap-ass quality, by the way: it does absolutely fuck-all to keep the rain from attacking his face, while offering the barest flimsy protection for the rest of him; the one-size-fits-all barely reaches his knees and the whole thing is pretty much redundant.
Dean takes the next step - should've been the first step, but since the moment's already rolling he's gonna remedy what he can.
He'll start with the classics, obviously. Figure out which old girls could make the most of the parts already in the lot. Settle on a few models to switch between while he figures out what else needs to be tracked down, ordered and delivered.
Cas looks down at his lap, hands smoothing over the patchwork squares, a veritable rainbow of colors and patterns.
His palm splayed between Cas' shoulder blades, and slid up to card through his bedhair. Dean planted a kiss in the Angel’s hairline.
Thankfully. Because even though it was something Dean not only deserved but needed to hear, Castiel’s confession probably would have worsened Dean’s grief had he not survived. Because now it was out in the open, it was real. And Dean would have lost his final chance to speak his heart, to tell Cas how he felt in return—that he felt the
Whatever bad air threatened to taint their friendship, Dean revered what they shared too damn much to let it fall apart, to give up on it all. He may have been mad at Cas for his reckless behaviour, but they would find a way to work through it. They always did.
Cas hums, mind wandering from the stars to thoughts of a normal life, one where people learn inconsequential things by pure happenstance and don't have to file away it away for potential use in protecting humanity against evil.
―tie in-hand and waist in-arm and legs finding unknown strength to draw Cas’ body in, pressed together at the edge of the table, edge of the world, edge of everything.
Satisfied, Dean lets go and steps back out of reach in one swift movement, coming to stand beside the woman again, who's grinning down at the man as he stumbles up and away from the two of them.
"Thankyou, Dean." He needed to say more, needed to find words of appreciation lest Dean kick him to the curb—
"What the hell is that thing?" Dean yells, glancing back. They round a corner and their path out of the orchard is suddenly cut-off. They skid to a stop, Cas bumping into Dean from behind.
Thing is, he didn't wanna have to force the moment. He wanted it to be as natural as possible - nothing fancy, just one of those random times where everything slips into place against all odds.
Waisting no time, Dean spread the trickles of juice leaking from his already stiff member. He'd been hard for over an hour after picturing the sensory spectacular that awaited him at home. He would sink deep into his boyfriend, slow and luxurious.
“But you’re not yourself, right? Your grace—it’s runnin’ a little low. So what you feel right now, may not be..”
It was only then that he noticed the Angel staring: wide eyes framed in exhaustion, but definitely staring—
Alienating Dean isn't worth the discomfort or the guilt. Cas can save his check-ins for pit-stops and the like when he won't be inadvertantly ignoring Dean's presence. It's a rare treat afterall, the simple joy of shared company with a non-hunter; someone untainted by the world of monsters and supernatural evils, someone so lively and good-spirited as Dean.
He takes a minute to work at his bindings with no luck. A groan pulls his attention back over to Emily, face contorted in pain as she manages to get one hand free. "Ha! Nice!"
He has a system and it works. With Dean and Bobby helping him through each day and with the potion slowly taking that need away as he regains his psychological and physical strength, if things keep advancing as well as they have been, the end is in sight.
—’cos frankly, that’s a helluva thing, but.. how the hell do you know about it and I don’t? Why didn't he tell me?”
face, and the shadows seemed to convey it, for his brother sighed and fidgted, his feet planting on the sofa and knees rising high. His form was a sihlouette vaguely outlined by the pinkish neon glow of the motel sign through the window.
"Uhm," the other Dean clears his throat at what Castiel knows is his own visible confusion. "There was an Angel, in our universe, also named Castiel, but.." he looks away; at the floor, the wall, the microwave and it's container of soup. "We never met." Castiel waits, watching him as he watches the soup, until he says, quiet, "Not in the mortal realm, at least. He was.. out of my reach―quite literally―but.. he saved me, once. He watched over me.. and I would pray to him, now and then. Talk to him, thank him.. ask him how things were in the divine realm," he chuckles softly, ducking his head.
"Monsters with a conscience?" Dean side-eyes him and Cas nods. "Vamps feeding on Bambi instead of Becky?"
And with a smirk and a roll of his hips, Dean sank into a deep kiss, the first of many deep kisses and deeper things, fully committed to educating Cas, indulging one kind of ‘chill’ and using it to displace another.
with him? He’s acting like one of those starry-eyed chicks in those damn Harlequin novels, and like he’s said before: that shit’s pure fantasy. It doesn’t happen in real-life, only desperate lonely people
It's been a long time coming, and Dean feared maybe it never would, that Jack might never be himself again, but it's him. It's their kid, sitting hunched over and alone, tears of remorse flooding his voice and spilling down his cheeks.
"Ah. I see." The reminders of the loss of their world must be everywhere. Castiel wishes he knew this Dean well enough to know what to say to lessen the pain. Despite his mostly cheerful demeanor, Castiel can see the fluctuations in the wavelength of this Dean's soul; he is hurting. And this too, is familiar: observing Dean feeling one thing but expressing another.
Crouching beside him, Eileen pats his stubbled cheek. He should probably shave before tomorrow. “It’s how Bones shows affection,” she enunciates for him, and Dean feels his brow crease through a disgusting, drying film of Bones-slobber.
His breaths even out. His heart settles, nestling against Cas' palm like it belongs, where it knows it's safe.
Cas, another kind of life-changing moment begins to rise up inside him - only this one's a dark contrast to the one he's trying to share with one Castiel Novak.
They sip their coffee in unison, sharing in a moment of quiet contemplation as the news sinks in with help from the steady flow of caffeine.
He knows all about this stuff. Not just mythology in old books, like the one he'd read in a nearby town before one of the crazy Burkittsvillians tried to knock him out after they butchered his ride. But magic. Like,
you, not apart." He'd almost let that happen, and it was almost the worst mistake of his life. "I never thought a loser like me could be lucky enough to meet a guy like you, let alone be
On this gloomy Wednesday morning, the joy which thematic food usually rouses from Dean's weary soul just ain’t cuttin' it. Coffee would help. A little sunshine wouldn’t go amiss. But it’s all these crappy things converging to make an inherently crappy day even crappier with a less than ideal start.
―and he can feel himself falling, flying, holding onto Cas to keep from getting lost, pulls him in with every part of him―
For all his tact in handling witnesses during a case (people who're at their most vulnerable), Sam fucking
Most of the time, to clear out all that accumulated mental gunk, he just needs to work it out. Let his stress drain away as he cleans the oil tank of his beloved Impala - or whatever happens to be in the shop at the time - until his brain actually feels lighter in his skull.
Cas gives him a strange look, head tilted again, eyes narrowed. Before Dean can figure out how to course-correct, Cas extends his hand. Dean meets it with his own and their shake lingers a beat longer than necessary. Cas' hand is large and warm, his grip firm and reassuring.
Shouting is useless. Help won’t come. He resigns himself to his fate, sprawled out on the rug as Sam’s dumb dogs lick his life away. It's a slow death, but struggle is futile, not to mention exhausting..
Life doesn't work like that. The universe is not poetic and it's not conspiring in his favour, hoping and waiting for him to take that leap into the unknown.
it does. Whatever situation they find themselves in to make them think that, it’s gotta be one-sided.
The plate is scraped clean too soon. Their brief time together is about to end and he knows he wants to see Cas again. But wanting something and asking for it, and actually getting it? They're all different things.
It was during this momentus first contact that Dean realised he wasn't the only one who sprouted hardwood overnight.
Castiel's smile is a little sadder this time. Maybe he's retracing the cross-country trail of someone he lost in order to feel closer to them.
of what happened was Cas’ fault. But he's always been protective like that, always willing to shoulder the blame for things beyond his control, beyond his own doing.
Clearing his throat, eyes darting away again, Dean rushes to add, “―I just need to reach a working phone. No signal ‘round here.”
since his face feels just as loose as the rest of him, as every part of him that's not the bare minimum grasping at
"Uhm.." Cas shifted slightly, hips moving away to create space between their bodies, the morning chill seeping in. "Are you..?"
to play out the last few bars of track seven and most of the closing number, Dean sits alone in the driver's seat, headlights lighting the way to nowhere, waiting in relative quiet.
He can see it working for Cas, too: helping Dean is helping to purge all that misplaced guilt and second-hand pain he carries for Dean's injuries.
Now he is wet, cold, and there's no cell service along this stretch of interstate, which is why he was trying to thumb a lift to Anywhere from the side of the road in the pouring rain.
Times have certainly changed. He’s a father now, afterall, a single parent with a townhouse and a steady job. But some of those notes from his former life are still relevant. Like the red circles of seemingly nothing but farmland or empty lots that actually signify a pump n’ go - and, more importantly, a phone. There’s one that about matches the ‘something’ on the sign he glimpsed not too far back, which means he’s got about ten miles ahead of him.
A moment of cool air passed between them as Dean leaned back to the nightstand, returning to press gentle kisses behind Cas’ ear.
." There was every need. And now was a time for words, plain and bold. And Dean found the courage to voice them in the warmth of the Angel in his grasp. "I don't wanna take advantage of you, Cas—of what we have. You deserve better than that."
Lisa wanted more with him. A life, not a night. Not everyone's so lucky to see their dreams come true.
Castiel hums, resettling that summer blue gaze on Dean again. It's intense, but the guy is smiling a little and he gives off a good vibe. Or not-serial killer vibe, at least. Not that Dean would know what that feels like. But the guy's got a presence that's hard to ignore and Dean's met a few folks like that. None like Castiel, but still. It's kinda hard to look away.
Hoping, but not knowing, feeling his love for this man singing in his veins, heart-strings thrumming out a tune just for Cas, composed
He tries focusing his thoughts on the positive: dry clothes after a hot shower, a home-cooked meal, a big comfy bed. Anticipation for family time aside, all he wants to do is sleep for a day. And maybe get a massage. Not even an hour of this shit and his legs are already aching. Sam would blame his love for bacon and his affinity for following every other meal with pie. Also, the natural wonder of his bowlegs not being made for hiking, apparently. But Sam would be
"No, but they consume their prey as monsters do. The similarity is inadvertant suffering - it's not essential, but it is a byproduct. The difference is sinister intent - those that intend for their victims to suffer, for no other reason than they want them to. Because they taste better or because it satisfies in them some other need besides hunger." He cuts off his rambling. "I'm sorry. I'm sure you don't want to hear all this. I'm not used to making casual conversation."
She spins out and away but loses her bearings, brushing by a girl whose long blonde hair smells like lilies and leather, which is probably thanks in part to the guy next to her—who she almost takes out at the knees, but catches her footing just in time and moves to follow the target out the back exit.
Sam felt an odd, wonderful, rare little peace that grew to settle in the air like a fresh new atmosphere. The coming of Spring and the promise of new life, of rebirth and many beautiful things.
“Hold up,” he better not mean what Dean thinks he means. “‘They’, as in, Mystery Lover? Or ‘they’ as in
The guy nods, leaving Dean to wipe the rain off his face and pat-dry his hair as much as possible. And Dean can’t help but smile, because that delicious mystery scent seems to be woven into the very fibres:
, Dean.” His words are as warm as his body; they feel like a lullaby. “You helped me want to be better.”
He wasn't. Not on the outside or the inside. But he has no doubt that he could be fine by now, at least in one regard.
It's just that sometimes his mood can't be righted with something as simple as a day in the shop. Those days just are. He figures he's just gotta do what works for him, whatever helps him through. So long as it's not unhealthy.
Conversation shifts from tourist traps worth detouring for to places Dean should definitely avoid. He actually pouts when Cas informs him that Bigfoot is just a hoax. It's almost adorable the way he sulks.
Little else was said as their friend burned. Not that Wally was really a friend—more an aquaintance. But he was a good guy, and a decent Hunter. One who had gotten caught up in the dime-a-dozen demon play the Winchesters had grown accustom to, but which they tended to forget was still so alien to other Hunters.
It'd actually been an FBI buddy of Sam's. Victor obliged some fact-finding about Miss Leahy, but it was Dean who had him all but convinced the evidence pointed towards her being an International Woman of Mystery, ie. an assassin, naturally.
They stood at the threshold of Cas' room—one barely lived-in and lacking all nuance of personal touch—and Cas reared back slightly.
Seems every time Baby gets beat to hell it's Hell itself that's been the cause: Demons T-boned her with a semi. Demons tossed her about like a leaf in a storm - and Cas may not have done the deed but he sure as hell was complicit in the crime.
"I don't know what happened, exactly, but a few years ago the dream-visits just.. stopped. And now, with our world gone, I just.." He lets go a sigh, shoulders drooping on the exhale. "You being an Angel, I hoped you might have a real answer. One way or another." His eyes are sad, his soul less luminous, for a moment, and it's achingly familiar; it's the presence of loss, deep in one's being. Castiel deplores the sight of it, the all too familiar pull of it.
The morning was grey and damp and the air was still holding onto that last chill of winter. Hot coffee and a hot breakfast would hopefully lessen the grievance of waking, and soften any grumpiness from the others when he returned.
The sentiment sank into his mouth and tasted sweet and true on Dean's tongue. He would be in denial if he said he never noticed Cas staring, or felt the unspoken (sexual) tension between them, brewing over the years. Perhaps it was just fear seeding doubt in Dean’s mind: fear that he wouldn’t be (good) enough for Cas; fear that Cas would leave again (leave him
Dean pulls hard as Emily tries to yank on the rope to give him some wiggle room. The scarecrow closes the distance between them in no hurry, breathing loud and labored, growling every exhale.
It only comes once a year and thankfully coincides with some much needed family time. Come tomorrow evening he’ll be surrounded by the extended Winchester-Campbell brood with a grin threatening to split his face in half and his energy stores magically replenished. Two weeks of quality time together as they wave goodbye to summer.
Cas steps away to ready the swab for his knuckles and Dean lets his clean shirt drop back down (dark fabric, to hide any trace of red that might seep through the bandages). He takes another sip of the good whiskey to swill round his mouth. He can't really taste it, just likes the burn and the way it smooths over his palet to numb everything in its wake.
, in some cases). Some of it's actually scarring and best averted (because he has enough scars as it is), but some of it's simply too personal.
It's quiet in the cab. Cas can hear Dean shift, and when he speaks, keeping his voice soft, it's almost as if they're lying side by side without a barrier between them. "Yeah. You?"
? Or something all her own? He's not sure, but he delights in the idea of that crossover probably more than she does. He's usually able to show it better than today, but he still feels that little ray of sunshine caught in his smile regardless.
Dean settled back into thought, arms folded across his chest, eyes drifting over the static patterns cast on the ceiling from outside. Sam left him to it, feeling the call of nature before he could catch another hour of sleep before the half day of driving ahead of them.
When Cas didn't answer Dean looked up, snaking the tie through his grasp and searching Cas' face for a visual answer.
Maybe it's weird to be so impressed by a dude's arsenal but with the adrenaline crash and near-death experience Dean's not worried so much about what comes out of his mouth. He tells Cas it's both disturbing and awesome, imagines he probably knows some badass close combat skills, too. Shame Dean didn't get to see that skillset in action.
"Hey, Cas.." and where the hell does he go from here? Honesty, or a passable lie? Maybe somewhere in between. "I know you think what I did for Sam was the wrong call, and.."
It's a helluva look, and Dean's heart swells with that wordless sensation―it threatens to bust down the levee and overflow through his entire being, fill him up from the inside out.
Cas hated it when he would go against his wishes or try to circumvent his plans, his mission, thinking he,
"I don't know what I did to deserve you, but I'm gonna do my damndest to be worthy of you, to keep you in my life for the rest of mine. To keep you happy, and safe, and to grow
He turned on his side and his arm moved around Cas. He shuffled a little forward, and, to his delight, Cas shuffled a little back. The warmth of a body beside him ensured Cas was there, and alive. He was safe, and the weight of his arm around Cas ensured Dean that he would stay.
The only fear Dean felt now was the cruelty of Fate, of consequences separating them before they could take things further—
It allowed him to feel real hope for the struggle ahead—for the journey, and whatever darkness they would encounter.
With Billie's plan in motion and Chuck's own endgame nearing, the safest place for the other Sam and Dean is as far away from the bunker as possible, for now at least. If they failed in their mission, however, no place in the world, or in any realm, would be safe for anyone.
The guy cuts a segment a little smaller than Dean's and adds some ice-cream to his fork. Maybe he shouldn't watch, maybe that makes it weird, but he can't help if he wants to know the guy's reaction to some of the best pie Dean's ever had.
, of all things, in Dean's voice; to be claimed, in a way. Not like ownership, but familiarity; intimacy. He's almost unwilling to let their conversation progress until this Dean clarifies what he meant.
The raspy voice poured into the air like coffee grounds, perking up Dean’s senses. Half-muffled between them, Dean decided It was now one of his favourite sounds in the entire world, and he smiled into the soft mop of hair before him.
He eyes Dean again, heart a little heavy, stomach a little twisted, and sees no sign of the discomfort from before.
"You sure?" says Aaron. "Future 'friends rates', and all that. And I'd be happy to give you the first taste for free."
Fear is an old friend. Dean doesn't give a shit to end this moment any sooner than it'll last―and he hopes to hell and back that it lasts forever (even though he knows―somewhere, underneath it all―that won't happen; can't happen). He fears this moment's end more than anything right now, but since when does life give a shit about his suffering, or what he wants?
Hours drifted by in ecstasy, tossed sheets and kernals of caramel corn flying through the shadows. They set the soundtrack of the night to their own pleasure, lust and ache and genuine, gentle affection manifesting as a manic melody, filling the room to take on its own presence.
The music is loud and kind of obnoxious, definitely not her go-to jam, but she doesn't let it distract her from locating the target. Even the flashing lights and crowd of dancing bodies can't conceal him—
The pebble in Cas' palm takes on a glow in Dean’s memory; this one's extra special. But the best surprise he's ever found in Cas' hands has been his own heart.
Though his brother’s hold was more secure around the wounded Angel, pulling him in close to his side. And both Dean’s hands were put to use: one on the forearm nudging his torso, the other wrapped around, rubbing not untenderly over the bunched and ruined fabric of Castiel’s trenchcoat.
The familiar silhouette of one 1967 Chevrolet Impala is almost indistinguishable from the night sky, if not for the gleam of street-lamps off the polished metal belying an impression of the sun.
There's no forgetting some folk though, those people you meet who you just want to spend more time with and you don't even have a good reason why, it's just a feeling.
And there's a hand combing through the hair behind his ear. He leans into the touch, bobs his head―just once, and just barely―in response so as not to lose any more energy through movement or forming of words. He has just enough left to instruct his body to tip forward again and resume position as a koala-bear, wrapped around his Angel.
