“You are staying for the game, right?” he asked carefully, leaning up to gage Steve’s reaction, “I still need my best fella by my side, even if you’re benched.”
“Come back, m’cold,” he tried, but then a small body was put down next to him.
“When the time comes, assuming we do go on the offensive against Stark’s army in the coming spring or summer, Peter will still be an infant. We cannot risk his or Tony’s life by bringing them with us,” she explained.
The amused look of disbelief Steve shot his way had Tony in stitches. He was still giggling as they walked into the room they used for training, causing the others to turn their heads with matching smiles of their own.
and not hot
“I’m moving, I’m moving,” Tony grumbled, “Lead the way.”
baby without permission, but his stomach lurched again and he attempted to get out of bed, only to tangle himself in the bed furs and fall not-so-gracefully onto the floor. Groaning softly, Tony decided that the cold floor was nice until he realized the noise had woken the babe up. Peter’s whimpers turned into a full-blown wail, forcing him to attempt to get up.
Tony shook his head and crossed his arms.
, okay? I’ll go get the ruffians out of your space,” he told the boy before getting back up to head into the room.
“Enhanced super-soldier hearing sucks,” Tony complained back, sliding off the stool to pad over to the group, “And for the record, I usually
Not one to look a gift horse in the mouth, Tony closed his eyes again, easily slipping into a heavy slumber. He slept dreamlessly, once again waking to a dark room lit only by candlelight. Groaning, he slowly worked his eyes open, all too aware of his pounding headache.
His body did not seem to care.
Tony couldn’t help his giggle at that, seeing how serious Steve actually was, despite the lack of any dishes to actually be cleaned. Both boys turned to look at him, and Steve grinned, but Bucky scowled deeper, if that was somehow possible.
Unfocused, familiar brown eyes blinked back at him, confused and concussed, given the pupil dilation.
“I think it is,” Steve murmured, wringing his hands between his knees.
“We did. But we’re also good at our jobs,” Steve snorted, letting PJ down once the boy started to wiggle, “I think SHIELD is starting to form an attack plan while we still know where the main base is. Some of the others are already on site and I might go back to help.”
“You know, we really do,” Steve admitted, slipping a hand into Tony’s back pocket, “We really, really do.”
“You should be in bed,” He answered, “If you rip the stitches, Colonel Rhodes is going to eat me alive.”
It took a few minutes, but soon the child was only crying into Tony’s shoulder, shaking a bit from the outburst. Tony grabbed up a blanket off the back of the couch, and with a quick few movements, bundled PJ up and set him on the couch.
“Four locks,” he murmured to himself, carrying PJ over to one of the beds.
seems strange, I want to know about it. Natasha: if Stark ever, in your judgment, seems incapable of taking care of this child, you extract him and bring him to HQ. Understood?”
“Peter James Stark. How does that sound?” He asked, finally looking back up at the team.
?” he asked darkly, “Who did this to you? I’ll kill him, Tones, I swear—Me and Clint and Tash, we’ll put him six feet under—”
“Steve,
“Don’t worry, I can take the first shift.”
“Bub?” The tot asked.
Tony took the orange slice offered to him and ate it, savoring the sweet taste of the fruit before nodding. He’d never played house before, but he figured if Steve wanted to play, it would be fun, right?
“I think its cute,” Jane said defensively, “If you don’t like it, just turn your ears off.”
“No, no Tony bed,” Tony said, shaking his head.
“Maybe you can do some art magic, Cappuccino. Make something new out of the old, yeah?” Tony said, clapping a hand on Steve’s shoulder and giving it a small squeeze, “Good luck. Let me know how it goes.”
, Tony, m’so close, I need it,” he begged pitifully with tears in his eyes.
“Is there any reason you two are still here? I mean, its really great to see you both, and I love you both very much, but I’d like a handjob from my husband, so if you all could exit—”
“A pleasure, my lady,” Tony said, mimicking a bow as best as he could with Peter on his shoulder, “I am Prince Anthony Stark of Ma’atan, the son of King Howard and Queen Maria Stark.”
, you bastard.”
“Yeah, I heard. I’ll take care of it. You focus that big brain of yours on getting healed up, alright?”
The stalls Steve chose to take him to were quaint and less-overwhelmed than the more popular shops, which Tony was grateful for, as the noise would surely throw Peter in a fit. Instead, Steve guided him to food stalls, paying for various breads and chocolates for him to taste and indulge in. Then, just as he thought he was stuffed full of delicious delicacies and needed to head back to the castle to lie down, Tony spotted one more shop tucked away, gasping when he saw their wares. He immediately abandoned Steve at their latest tasting to go over to the shop, picking up the item he had seen: it was a beautiful cotton doll with thread hair and a soft dress, no bigger than Peter himself. Tony showed it to the baby and smiled when Peter reached up, grabbing at the doll’s arm and holding tight.
“You and Steve are going to be here with me, running satellite. Plus, I heard you’re good with kids,” Tony continued, a smile on his lips, “So you’re on babysitting duty.”
Bucky shoved him, getting the message to Steve as they abandoned the vehicle and took up positions, keeping aim on the object. As it got closer, Steve began to see what it was and held up a fist.
“If I don’t take it, we might not
“Why is Howard so bloodthirsty?”
, still—still some left, makes me sore,” Steve begged, leaning back as he cupped one of his pecs, “I can’t—”
It was strange to feel saddened by it; he had become so attached to the Prime in such a short amount of time and wanted him back already. He tucked away the conflicting emotions and turned his attention to Peter, leaning down to press a kiss to the baby’s forehead. Pete blinked open his sleepy eyes and cooed, reaching grabby hands up to tug on his daddy’s beard.
“Hot? If anything, it is cold,” Rhodey said, “Tony, are you feeling alright? Do we need to stop?”
“Nay. T’was a mighty battle! ...Though, I still feel bad for eating them.”
“He would never be safe as an unbonded Omega and you know that! It was a goddamn
,” his mother’s pleading voice came from the hallway, “Come on. Let’s go.”
“Why an audience? What do you bring that he must see?” He asked.
“All clear,” Tony said softly, gently pulling on Steve’s hand to take it away from his eyes, “Are you alright?”
tell Barton. He will have a hay day. I need to tell Pepper, but I feel like the more I think about it, the more likely it is that I’m just going to spontaneously combust.”
“What did she say?” Steve piped up.
He laughed and Tony smiled, turning his head to nose at Steve’s temple. Not everything was said that needed to be said, yet it was enough for them to be able to relax without constant worry. It made Tony want to get up to bring Peter over for cuddles even though the babe was happily sleeping on his own on the other side of the room. Steve seemed to feel the same since their bond swelled with affection as he leaned up slightly so he could peek down at the crib.
He paused at that.
“We cleaned him up, so he may be fussy,” Bruce explained, an oddly wistful smile on his face, “After a meal, he should settle—are you feeling warm?”
They playfully bickered back-and-forth until their names were called, causing Tony to go ramrod straight with anxiety. Steve smiled comfortingly and cupped his cheek, giving him one last peck on the lips before guiding him back to the desk where the intern was shifting on her foot. She muttered something that sounded like “congratulations” before shoving the paper into Tony’s hand, clearly not intending to continue the conversation any further. The paper shook until Steve held onto the other side, forcing them to tilt their heads together to read it.
“Tony?”
Tony giggled at that, immediately snapping out of his sleepiness to pay attention. Usually, Health was a boring class about eating healthy and nutrition, but they were supposed to get to the chapters about
“Now, would I do that?”
made Tony’s brain halt. A thousand synapses fired, but all he did was stare back at Steve, open-mouthed and clearly confused.
He paused before opening the door, steeling himself in case Steve was still annoyed with him. The door creaked as it was opened, revealing the Warlord in a steaming bath, head back as he relaxed. Steve did not open an eye when they entered, but he smiled, which Tony took as a good sign. He made quick work of Peter, as the baby began to fuss as he woke up more. Tony barely picked him up from being changed when the babe started to cry, fat tears rolling down his chubby face.
“Ah, perhaps we should bring in your bedding,” Thor said to fill the silence, “I am sure you are exhausted from your journey?”
to it…”
a Tony!”
“That, and she might find it disrespectful,” Tony added, a twinge of loss ringing in his chest, “I’m also not so keen on this whole naming my kind-of child after people I know. Except Rhodey. I like the name James, anyway. He can deal with it.”
“If it prevented it, the liquid wouldn’t be oxygenated,” Natasha pointed out, looking around the room for a control box.
“Well, fuck,” Steve said.
Startled at the sound, Peter shifted and whimpered, easily breaking out into a full-on cry. Tony glared at Thor and tried to hush the babe, rubbing soothing circles on his back and kissing his cheeks.
“Did you ever get his doll back?” Steve asked while Tony rearranged his clothes.
“Sleeping,” Tony replied lowly, his fingers still in PJ’s hair, “Hush.”
“…Steve, do not tell me you glued two belts to your backpack so you could carry it on your back,” Tony said flatly, stepping over into Steve’s space to make him stop, “You know you’re not supposed—”
His back was cold, his chest hurt like hell, and from the feel of things, he was definitely missing his shirt and pants.
“Thank you,” Tony managed, ignoring his shaky knees as he stood.
“Mm. He’d be okay with any of us, and you know it,” Natasha replied, rolling her eyes, “I’ll leave you to the nightly stuff, then. If you need anything, I think Wanda is still awake. Thor will be back tomorrow afternoon. Apparently, he’s bringing gifts.”
“Of course. I’ll let the techs know,” he said, “Anything else you want to talk about?”
“Come…to the room?”
, Steve thought, forcing himself off the bed and to his feet,
Looking over at the engineer, Tony blinked, then smiled softly.
, Tones. And every—every goddamn time this happens all I can think of is—is how much I love you, and how I don’t know how I’m going to live without you,” he sobbed, breath hitching throughout his admission, “I
“There. Now you can listen to Daddy’s heartbeat and maybe sleep some more,” he said, brushing his fingers through Peter’s fine hair.
"If you're doing it, yes, it clearly is," Tony insisted, "and you shouldn't feel ashamed of it. But I understand. I can imagine it's not easy being a national symbol. I mean, I can't deny that it was a surprise for me to realize you're not straight. I may have assumed a lot of things about you that aren't true. I guess I've got a lot to learn about you, too." He started to let go of Steve's hands.
Whether or not JARVIS thinks androids are somehow his kin, he won't judge Tony for placing his own life above one of theirs. Definitely not when it wasn't even certain that the android in question could be repaired. Looking at statistical probabilities, Tony thinks he was the more likely out of the two of them to make it out of that cave alive.
"I'd love to," he replied, wrapping an arm around Tony and pulling him closer.
On the days following his return, Tony alternates between obsessing about the armor and obsessing about the android.
It was almost as if a part of him were hoping for someone to try and make him rethink this.
"I still think you overestimate my ability to influence him," Steve said.
"No, that's not true," Pepper said.
"The ones you're sure you can trust," Peggy said. "If you notice anything out of the ordinary, let me know. Unofficially."
Steve could just discern the outline of a door amidst the skyscape surrounding them. He supposed he could take Randall down and force his way out, although he couldn't be entirely certain—he didn't know the capabilities of his own frame, or what kind of features Randall's had. He also had no idea of what was out there, except that an exclusive clinic for the elite would surely have strict security measures.
They stopped at a closed door that, unlike most others on Stane's private floor, had a lock on it. Even though Ultron knew who Stane was, he still didn't open it until Stane had passed an additional identification scan. When he had, the door slid aside to reveal a small room with four VR chairs set back to back in the middle, one facing each corner. Only a single chair was occupied, and it was undoubtedly the same one Steve had seen in Stane's message.
“Not good enough. You said things like that back there, too,” Steve pointed out.
"No. You'll be the first to know when I do," Steve replied, not in the mood for jokes. "Anything I need to know about this meeting beforehand?"
"Bucky?" Steve asked, his voice breaking.
"Mmmh, yes, just like that, Steve," Tony murmured. Still, he didn't lose his focus; instead, he seemed set on being one step ahead of Steve. He worked his free hand into play as well, reaching downwards to fondle Steve's balls, and started pumping Steve's cock with more determination, rough and fast. He knew what Steve liked, too.
The device that Yinsen eventually implants in Tony's chest is more Stark than Kamski. He calls it a thirium reactor, and its power output would make Kamski green with envy. The triangle surrounded by little caution notes that make it recognizable as CyberLife android tech is still visible in the middle of it. Tony could've chosen to scrape them off, and he didn't. It would've felt like trying to cover up his crime.
Steve pressed Tony's hand against his face. "If you want to."
When he woke up he was hard and he felt disgusted, the taste of bile lingering at the back of his throat.
He backtracks to the rocky outcrop he crossed earlier. It doesn't take long for him to find a nook between boulders that offers a modicum of shelter. It won't keep him dry if there's rain, but it will protect him from the worst of the wind that's starting to pick up. He'll also be hidden from view in the unlikely situation that someone comes looking for him. It's never a bad idea to be prepared, even if there's been no sign of Tony's would-be kidnappers making a reappearance.
He'd started noticing things perhaps half a year ago; nothing too glaring, but they'd been getting more and more missions that were simple raids and relied on brute force. A year ago, an assignment that ended up with not only a body count but actual irreversible deaths had been rare. Now, they were becoming an almost weekly occurrence. He didn't like that. Whatever one's crimes, a node kill was always too harsh a punishment.
Tony joined him a moment later with a bottle of whiskey and two glasses. "You sure you don't want any?"
If this was a sci-fi horror film, Tony should probably start getting worried right about now, because he can't move, and he's at the mercy of an android who's clearly functioning far beyond his programmed parameters. He's not actually worried, though; surely Steve wouldn't have saved him at all if he had sinister intentions.
As the worst of the fuzziness in his head started to clear, he remembered something else, scattered memories of being interrogated, of sitting in a room with a woman in a dark suit, perhaps a lawyer, asking him endless questions that were all backwards.
There were three doors in the room in addition to the front door and the one the waiter had walked through. Some of those would no doubt be restrooms, but probably not all. Maybe there was a back room for clandestine meetings behind one of them.
"You expected something like this to happen, didn't you?" Tony asks. He's been suspecting it ever since Steve's awakening: that Kamski set them up, like an experiment, since he knew of Tony's complicated feelings towards androids and of Steve's potential.
"You'll do as you see fit, of course," Bucky said.
"You just hold on, okay?" he tells Tony softly.
Steve was prepared to tear the place down with his bare hands if that was what it took.
As someone fresh out of a war, it was mind-boggling to Steve that the Dinotopians had so little information on their enemies. All they had to go on for planning this desperate rescue was a map with the main Northern settlements marked on it. The distance from the closest to the farthest one was over a hundred miles. They could spend months and months moving from town to town and combing the wide expanse of the Plains between them.
"Sure. You can pay me a visit any time. I'd give you my card, but," Tony spread his arms to unnecessarily indicate his lack of intact pockets. "My address isn't difficult to come by, anyway. I'll be at your service for whatever you need, Captain," Tony finished with a smile that, in spite of his grimy face, managed to look dazzling.
Tony was struggling with two addictions in his life.
"Oh. Oh!" Tony exclaimed, as the penny dropped. "You may be on to something there, Pep."
Tony shrank back, almost as if he expected Steve to hit him. "That was probably emotionally manipulative of me, wasn't it? I mean, I deserved some of what I got. I made mistakes, and the whole world is worse for it. I'm just trying to clean up my own mess. I'm not going to lie, I was hoping you'd want to help me, but that's selfish," he said, looking up at Steve. "None of this is your problem. You don't owe me anything."
The smartest approach would probably be to bide his time and see if Randall would tell him more.
That realization, and the picture of Tony's head between his thighs, together with the growing intensity of the tongue and lips against his cock, did him in.
"Yeah, yeah, dad's obsession, reverse psychology, blah blah. Please spare me the pop psych, it's way too early for that," Tony groaned, going for a large gulp of coffee.
Rumlow had stepped in to restrain Stark, with Stark squirming against his hold. The other members of the party were pointing guns at the monster. Bucky did so, too, although their haphazard collection of firearms seemed like a poor match against such an unimaginably horrifying creature. He would've been lying if he'd said his human hand wasn't shaking.
"We'll probably want steeds as well, because that'd make us a lot faster than traveling on foot," Rhodey spoke up. "I've started looking into it, but it's tricky. I'd rather not ask dinosaurs to take such a huge personal risk for someone they don't know, but there aren't many other options. I know there are herds of
"Too late for regrets now," Tony said, but seemed to have decided to have mercy on Steve, because he brought his mouth to where it needed to be, giving Steve's full length a sloppy lick.
Everything was simultaneously hazy and hyperreal; the other people in the room faded into insignificant background noise, but he could count each one of Steve's long curly eyelashes and hear each angry huff of Steve's breathing, almost perfectly in time with his own. He couldn't decide whether he wanted to punch Steve or pull him into a kiss. It was disturbing and intoxicating and something he desperately craved but knew he should run away from.
"If you must know, the problem is that I've actually met my match, and I wish I hadn't," Tony said. It came out as off-hand and distracted instead of the dramatic revelation it could've been, because he had the nagging, tip-of-the-tongue feeling of an idea that was starting to take shape.
Steve shuddered and leaned back against Iron Man; he could feel the hard ridges of the armor through the towel still on his shoulders, but it wasn't too uncomfortable. Even if he wouldn't like to stay in this position for a long time, for now, there was nowhere else he'd rather be.
Tony replied.
"And just so we're clear, we're not actually planning on wiping him," Tony added. "There are depths I'd never sink to."
"I don't!" Tony exclaimed, holding up his hands, palms out. "Matching might be good for business, but if I could decide, I'd rather just forget that there are those stupid chunks of junk DNA in our genomes."
There was no answer right away. This time, it was Steve who started pacing, and no one told him off.
That doesn't seem to reassure her in the slightest. Instead, she seems to grow even paler, but at least her posture relaxes and she approaches him in wary steps, gaze flicking from his face to his chest.
"Have you seen anyone else recently?" he asks hopefully.
********************
Stane stepped closer, leaning over Steve. "You're delusional," he said, his hand reaching at the chair assembly behind Steve's head. Whatever he was grabbing for, it wouldn't be good—either the VR electrodes, or a sedative first, to make him easier to handle.
wanted Steve. If Steve wasn't his exact match, there might be someone else out there who was. Tony felt sorry for the poor bastard. He wasn't about to go looking for them.
Steve turned his back to Bruce and stepped closer to Tony, looming over him. “If I’m such a waste of space, then why did you save me? You pushed me out of the way of that slime! It’s your fault we’re both stuck in here!”
Sam asked him if he was okay, and he said he was. He'd dealt with far worse things in his life. It'd take some time to get used to this, but he would. It didn't change anything. No one even used the term soulmates anymore. Being a match with someone wasn't some deeply meaningful divine message. It was a biological coincidence, like a birthmark.
The Kingpin approached the semi-circle of thugs around Tony, and stepped between the ones in the middle to face him. "I will, Mr. Stark, as soon as you give me the artifact. It's the simplest of trades. Surely you think her life's worth more than some trinket."
For now, he seems to be alone. There's a window nearby, but the blinds are closed, so he has no idea what the view is like. The sunlight seeping through the seams doesn't mean much regarding the time of the day, since the sun doesn't really set at all up in the north. Assuming that's where he is. Nothing around him gives him any clues regarding that, either.
"It's an organic construct custom-designed to resemble your birth frame," Randall said, his expression carefully neutral. "Would you like to see?"
"Because he'd never, ever do something like this," Steve replied.
Loved?
"Sure, I could use an expert opinion," Steve replied. "Want to come over to my place?"
Steve stopped eating for a moment, far more interested in hearing where this was going than the bland food. "Oh?"
"Do you really have to go? I'm sure Sam's family would be happy to host you, too," Steve said, not even trying to hide the pleading tone as he hugged Tony closer.
The initial shock quickly gave way to anger. He felt violated. Someone had copied him, made a fake uncannily similar to his original flesh and blood, and yet nothing like him, and they'd done it without asking for his permission. That was downright illegal. Sure, you could make fakes look like anything that human cells could build, but someone's birth body was untouchable—or at least it had been, back when Steve had last been conscious.
"I've questioned some things I've done, as well," Steve said, and pulled down his cowl, revealing his face.
"And no one's blaming you for getting it wrong at first," Pepper added, sliding her hand down to lace her fingers with Natasha's.
That's the whole trying-to-get-along thing in a nutshell, Tony muses: making compromises that they can both accept. Even if it's for some ludicrous team-building activity.
Happy raises his eyebrows at Tony, and Tony shrugs. "Sorry, that's just the way it is. Chain of command and all that. I am the boss, after all."
As quietly as he can, Sam places his offerings on top of the empty cart close to the door and retreats from the room. He feels a little guilty for overhearing a moment that was definitely not meant for his ears, but it's nothing compared to his joy at the warmth and love he witnessed.
"That guy from Upstairs bothering you, Joe?" a new voice joined the conversation, higher in pitch than the bartender's, but oddly gravelly. Looking to his side, Steve saw that the speaker was the hooded customer at the counter, who wasn't asleep anymore. The face gave him pause: it looked partly animal, with pale green skin and lizard-like eyes. A heavily modified organic fake, then; a rare type of frame to have, more expensive than most on the streets—and something no one on the higher floors would choose for themselves.
Probably more thanks to the medical team than Steve's actions, Tony had survived the aftermath of the rescue operation. He hadn't fully woken up at any stage of it. Steve had surfaced from VR just in time to see Tony open his eyes, his expression frightened and confused, only to pass out again.
"Sorry, I've been away for some time," Steve said. Although the higher levels had long ago given up physical currency, it had still been common on the streets when he'd last been down here. "What passes for ID-free money these days?"
There was a sound of slow clapping at the door to the bedroom, and as Steve turned his head, he saw Tony approach. "Well done, Steve. You catch on quickly."
If Tony died, so would Seren, eventually. He had no doubt about that. She might last a long time, since dinosaurs were much hardier than humans, but the Northerners weren't going to let her go, and Tony wasn't expecting anyone to try and rescue them. His friends would want to, particularly Steve, but the locals would say no. Besides, none of them even knew where Tony was. The North was a gray zone on maps, these days.
"That was a mistake," Steve admits plainly. "One that very nearly killed you. And even though I was lucky and didn't run into any trouble myself, I could have, and I would've been worse off alone, too."
Steve closed the fingers of one hand around Tony's and placed his other hand on Tony's bloodstained cheek, wishing he could just kiss him on the lips like some fairy tale savior so that he'd wake up. Steve knew that wasn't how these things worked. They'd have to find a technical solution, some way to get around the fault in the hardware or Ultron's code or whatever was really going on here.
Steve's reply was equally uncertain, a jumble of nervous words. "Sorry, I, uh, morning… thing… Didn't mean to… uh. Sorry."
He found himself pinned to the wall, with Tony's face so close to his that their noses almost touched. Tony slid his other hand to the back of Steve's neck, his fingers pressed firmly against his skin. They were very warm.
Tony casts a look at Sam over his shoulder, and even though he's wearing the armor, Sam can practically see the angry glare. "He's stable, all right. He might be perfectly stable for the next seventy years!" he growls.
Steve put the shield between himself and the fire and backed away until he reached Maya's hiding place. Their passage to the street and to safety was entirely blocked by fires, so he only saw one safe option.
"That's a good plan. I like everything about your plan." Tony's fingers were already reaching for Steve's waistline and feeling around for the fly. "Maybe we could start from the top and see how far we get?" he suggested.
"Peggy Carter is gone. She went on the run, and hid from justice for decades, but they got to her in the end, just around ten years ago. Some of your team died as well. A few were sentenced like you. The rest are still missing."
Bucky clipped the radio back into place and motioned for Steve to turn. A rusty metal table and two folding chairs sat in the only spot on the platform covered with roofing, though the wood was rotten and full of holes.
Tony just hoped that some day would come soon.
Tony snorted. “Kinda feels like he already is.”
“She’s extremely talented,” Mrs. Freeman said brightly. Where usually Tony would see that as a surface-level compliment, he believed she was being genuine. “We truly hope she’ll be joining us next class.”
“Blaine,” Sam said, sticking his hand out. “You gotta last name?”
Steve chuckled, but Tony recognized fear in his eyes. He knew that feeling. Returning to a cold, empty bed after it had been a place of terror just hours before. He gave Steve’s hand a gentle squeeze as they came around to the start of the track.
Steve believed him then.
But Peter blocked Tony from going after him and Steve quickly made his exit before he could hear the lashing Tony was about to give that Peter didn’t deserve. Peter had just told the truth when no one else would. It wasn’t his fault. All of his anger was warranted—Peter had seen through the bullshit he had been hiding behind ever since divorcing Tony Stark.
Sam was smiling so hard Steve thought his teeth might crack. “Nope.”
If Bucky hadn’t been so clearly upset about it, Steve would have made a joke. Instead, he nodded slowly. “Got it.”
“Of course I did,” Tony growled. “It was 101 last I checked about thirty seconds ago.” He had Friday monitoring all vitals.
The growling in his ears was deafening, as were the sounds of his tearing flesh and muscle.
Tony just had to hope it wasn’t too late to get him back.
He would kill Tony Stark if he heard even a rumor Peter being harmed by him. He wouldn’t even hesitate. Not for a second. He had no forgiveness for parents who hurt their children.
Everyone said teenagers were a handful, but Peter had never been that way until just now.
Steve kissed him instead of replying, and Tony found himself laughing halfway through, beyond happy. He hadn’t felt this way since before Steve left, when they’d kissed tangled in sheets before Tony took him to the tarmac.
“I’ll have to ask permiss—”
“Dad!” Peter hissed.
“Tango down,” Steve said.
A little while later, Steve was near the front and could hear Jackson greeting the guests. His voice carried more than Tony’s.
“We’re not getting into—“
These moments were always almost too much for Steve. His chest got too tight, uncomfortably so, and he wasn’t sure anymore if it was from love he shouldn’t have or from deep pain. Nowadays both felt pretty much the same.
“Put him through,” Tony whispered.
Tony rounded on him, angrily yanking off his sunglasses and folding them on his chest. “What the fuck are you doing here?”
Well, he did, but it sounded so cruel in his head that he refused to think about it.
“Me too, Pops.”
Peter whimpered against his chest, his tiny, peach-fuzz brows creased in concern as his conscious fought to wake him. Steve had him tucked into a ridiculously oversized sweatshirt, both of them sharing the collar.
Steve slipped his hands into his pockets. “When do you expect our next mission to be?”
The farmhouse they’d taken shelter in was quaint, but nice. Everything was covered in a thin film of dust, and field mice unabashedly watched them eat from the holes in the floor. The house was shrouded in ferns and palm fronds, making it nearly invisible even from drones. Natasha’s contact had been fairly certain the owners of the property didn’t even know the house was there at all.
He was more successful when he forced himself to imagine Blaine in that kind of situation, but thinking about anything more than touches—trying to picture the way Blaine might look at him, for instance, shorted out the “fantasy” altogether.
A pause.
Steve gave a small smile. “Well. I won these on the radio.”
Steve willed himself not to take that as a guised ‘I love you.’ Even if his brain was screaming that that was exactly what Tony meant.
“Wanna share with the class?”
“You haven’t spoken five words to me in six months. I think that’s all I need to know.”
Next to Steve, Tony and Pepper were also slowly getting to their feet, looking shaken, with pieces of debris in their hair and on their clothes.
So much for that glimmer of hope. Tony can't speak; he can't as much as whine, his tongue a dead weight in his mouth. He can't even blink voluntarily. There's no way for him to signal at Steve to counteract Obie's order, which means Steve is bound by it.
He's right, of course. They may have agreed that they should put their issues aside, but neither of them has as much as mentioned those issues by name—not Bucky, nor Tony's parents, let alone the Accords. They'll have to, sooner or later. Even if it's just to mutually agree that they'll forget about these things and never discuss them again, which would probably be a poor strategy. Steve doesn't think they can avoid those topics forever.
Stark stayed quiet for the rest of the walk, looking dazed, a bruise blooming on his forehead.
The pain was just as overwhelming and he was just as helpless, but the surface underneath him was soft. His hands were on fire, the pain of torn nails not lessened by the knowledge that it wasn't a truly serious injury.
"I think this counts as an emergency. They'll manage a few weeks without me," Sam replied, casting a glance at Eliana.
The bed-of-sorts turned out to be a pile of old mattresses and pillows in a smaller room adjacent to the workshop. Steve was fine with that; at least it bore no resemblance whatsoever to his bedroom in Stark Tower. He shrugged off his coat, took off his boots and sat down on the makeshift bed, his back against the wall, truly glad to be off his feet. He was grateful of the blankets that he was offered as well, pulling one to cover his legs, but for now, he left the heavy-duty painkillers that Rhodey offered him on a pillow next to him. A part of him wanted nothing more than to curl up, close his eyes and pass out, but he knew he couldn't rest until he understood what was going on.
"I guess you won't need light?" Steve asked.
"The costume?" Tony frowned. "I wouldn't mind having you out of it, but there's no hurry. I love the costume. I'd love to—oh."
"No." Tony's too worked up to sit still. He pushes back his chair and stands up. "I can't. That's not up for conversation."
"Yes. He's currently incorporeal," Dr. Cho replied, a chillingly casual way to say that although Tony's mind was safe, his body was gone. "You can meet him in VR as soon as the neuropsych team is done with their evaluation, assuming that they deem him fit for it."
He needs to check his position to be sure how far he is from his destination. He could unpack the kite, but again, that'd mean sitting here longer and getting even colder. Unless he's willing to stop properly and make a fire, he has to start moving.
Since anyone showing up at Tony's hotel too soon after the phone call from Captain America might make him suspect foul play, Steve decided to risk giving it some time. Instead of taking the fastest route to Tony's known location, he drove home over the Brooklyn Bridge.
The android's skin doesn't feel human under his fingertips, but it doesn't feel like a machine, either. It's cool and has a slight give to it, like silicone. It takes conscious effort to ignore the parallels his mind wants to draw to how much it resembles a high-quality sex toy. God. He knows Kamski also does androids for those purposes. He can't say the idea isn't a turn-on, but again, it also bothers him, which is why he's never tried one of those—and why he's doing his best not to think of how hot this high-tech artificial Adonis in front of him happens to be.
"Technicalities," Tony said dismissively. Steve could still feel his slight unease at the topic, both through the bond and in the way his fingers twitched. "I have an excellent legal team. We'll deal with all of that. Soon." Tony shifted to rest on his side, placed one hand between Steve's shoulder blades and hooked a leg around Steve's, pulling him closer again. "Right now, I'm still under strict orders to rest, and I'd really like to kiss you again."
Bucky had only been thinking about Stark. He hadn't considered the dinosaur prisoners. He didn't understand them; the truth was, even if it was looking more and more likely that they weren't the monsters he'd assumed them to be, he still found them intimidating. "You're sure it's not going to attack me if I let it free? I've been no nicer to them than the other guards," he asked sheepishly.
Instead of the back door that they'd used on Steve's first night, they went for the front entrance to the workshop, a garage door opening to a small side street. By the time they got into visual range of the place, it was obvious the battle was long over. There were several police vehicles parked close by. Looming tall and dark among them and the smaller figures of SI drones were several SHIELD drones. There was smoke rising from the front door, which had clearly been blown open.
"It's quarter to noon, and the visitor is an android. He's very persistent," JARVIS clarifies.
Steve went back to Brooklyn to wait for him on the second evening, as well. He even stopped by at the Cod first, just in case Tony had meant that bar instead, but the bartender didn't remember seeing him in the last few days.
She picked up a duffel bag that'd been lying on the floor, probably for whatever tools she needed. Steve figured he was better off not knowing what they looked like. He did as she'd asked, crossing his arms over his knees and resting his forehead against them, the back of his neck exposed.
Rhodey pursed his lips. "You know, one of the two you can actually quit."
"That's not a fact, it's a hypothesis, and one we can't prove," Tony countered. "Besides, we still don't know what happened at Jan's party."
“We should stop soon,” Rhodey said, “It would do us good to stretch our legs and let the horses drink.”
As if to punctuate his statement, the Hulk roared somewhere in the distance and an armored truck flew overhead the main battle, crashing off into the deep forest.
Steve nodded jerkily and stood from the table, snatching up the empty plate to take with him. Once he was out of earshot and in the kitchen, Tony looked back down at Peter and pressed a kiss to the babe’s forehead, nuzzling his hairline.
“Tony—”
Though Steve could not understand his words, his tone seemed to sate the man, as he dropped his hands and slumped his shoulders. Careful to keep his touch light, Tony reached out and brushed their fingers together, giving in to the momentary need for affection. The change was almost startling; he watched Steve’s eyes grow and he straightened up, surprise melting into a beaming smile. Tony rolled his eyes and laughed, returning his hand to Peter to more securely hold the babe. He jerked his head back toward the market and Steve nodded, leading the way back into the masses.
“But they’re the best!” Tony blurted, “They use real ice cream!”
“I don’t know how to tell him, Buck. We have to. We have to tell him everything from the beginning. I’m sick and
“I tend to do that to you.”
“Gunshots,” Steve said, echoing the other’s thought.
“Tony,” Natasha called, causing the brunet to turn his head, “Lullaby. Try a lullaby.”
Leaning his head back, Tony settled but was unable to rest, staring at the ceiling as his muddy thoughts mulled over his predicament. It was a lot better than what his father would have done to him had he stayed, and he supposed he should be grateful—other than Steve’s inability to listen, he
“So, the walk went great,” Tony said, a pained smile on his face at Steve’s laugh.
“Cold,” PJ said softly, slipping his thumb into his mouth.
Tony blinked and stuttered for a moment, but once Peter shifted against his chest, he knew he had no choice. If he had to choose to save himself or Peter, he would choose Peter every time.
bad, you guys,” Steve scolded, slipping on a hoodie over his thin frame, “Really. And we get to go to Tony’s.”
“I’ve been here since you walked in, I was in the stall,” Bruce snorted, rolling his eyes, “But I know what that look on your face is, and it isn’t worth it. I already checked with Loki today, and he’s clean this week. Something about his mom being in town.”
Ask me questions over @avengersasssemble on tumblr.com.
“I’ve got you,” Steve whispered, ducking his head so he could press a kiss to Tony’s cheek, “Kisses for my lovely wife.”
This was getting nowhere. He sighed and dropped his hand completely, looking away when Steve made a hurt noise again. There was no way he was going to be able to calm Steve down, and with Peter in his arms, he was not going to do much more than touch the man’s chest. It was frustrating, but Tony pressed a kiss to the baby’s head anyway, thankful that the little one was still calm amidst the chaos.
“Steve,” the other said gently, causing the Captain’s eyes to pop back open, “It’s okay. It’s accepted in this day and age, really. I mean, more than it was in the forties—”
Unbeta'd. Comments & Kudos appreciated.
Steve nodded, all too eager to let Tony scoop Peter up into his arms and tuck him up against his chest. Steve’s shoulders slumped and he leaned up against Tony for support, clearly exhausted from the ordeal.
Steve gave him a look and Tony failed to suppress a giggle, leaning over to nose at the Prime’s neck. He heard Steve sigh and he purred, daring to flick out his tongue at Steve’s scent glands.
“Couldn’t wait?”
“Not yet, Wilson. My baby is still a baby and I will happily carry him.”
“Rescue Mission,” he murmured, tracing his fingertip over Tony’s familiar handwriting, “1982. Baby, you’ve kept this since you were a kid?”
“You mean like getting hair down there?” Bucky piped up from the other side of the room, to which the class broke out into giggles again.
,” Rhodey grabbed hold of Tony’s shoulders, using his strength advantage to manhandle him back into the bed, “He’s okay, he’s in the living room with Steve and Clint. He’s just a bit shaken up. Once you can sit up and
“Leave him alone. I was about to suggest we go look for Steve,” She said, looking at Tony, “Give him a little time. If he’s doing what he said he was, then it may take him a while. If he's not back by nightfall, we can make some torches and go out.”
“I do not mean to be,” he apologized, leading them to the bedroom so he could set Peter down in his bassinet, “I have had fear beaten into my bones. I do not trust many regular Alphas as it is, but a Prime? Especially one with such a backstory? Even if I do not feel afraid, I think my subconscious is. I am working on it, though. I have found that not having you here these past weeks was more than stressful.”
He absently wonders how Steve is doing, and whether he's as miserable as Tony is. Probably not. He's probably slept like a log, used to the wilderness as he is, and caught a dozen fish with his bare hands. He'd probably laugh at Tony if he saw him right now, frowning at the placid surface of the lake in front of him like it's a complex engineering problem, hoping against hope that the local wildlife will be dumb enough to swallow the bait.
Snooping around the building was unlikely to gain him anything. Whatever those corrupt politicians might be up to, they were doing it behind the scenes, and they wouldn't leave clues lying around.
"Either of you want another coffee?" Happy asked.
He drew a deep breath and released it slowly, then another. It was instantly obvious that he was in an organic frame, since the hard to describe, not-quite-right feeling that would come with synthetic organs wasn't there. The frame also wasn't his own. It felt much bulkier, and certainly had more lung capacity.
Tony hadn't been sure he would, either.
"Can I see him?" Steve asked. It came out sounding like he was asking a father's permission to take his son out on a date. Of course, that wasn't entirely inaccurate.
"I'm sure you'll get over it," Tony said, and started walking towards his car. Steve followed.
Steve could understand the impulse. Years as an agent had trained him to reel it in and keep up a calm appearance, but really, he felt like pacing, too. He hated waiting, and depending on other people for the success of a critically important mission, especially when he didn't know most of them very well.
He hissed with pain as Blaine’s hand wrapped around his arm and squeezed, pulling at his stitches.
“Might help me decide if I should send another text next week.”
“Steve—“
Tony wiped his eyes with the back of his hand. “Yeah. I’ll do that.”
“Yes ma’am,” Steve said politely, as if he hadn’t just hurled a spitball.
“You were part of the team that rescued her, weren’t you?” Peter asked.
He couldn’t speak okay.
The punch hit a nerve and the man spasmed, crumpling to the floor. Steve sucked in a breath, his eyes wide, but he could feel a smile on his lips.  He dropped to his knees on the man’s back and pulled the UMP-45 from the man’s holster and held it to his head.
he wanted to ask,
Tony fought back a laugh. “You do know you could get free tickets anywhere anytime, right?”
“Come on, Tony,” Steve said in the same way he used to when he took Peter’s side about whether they were going to the zoo or Coney Island. “I haven’t been part of this family for a long time.”
Steve gave Tony a little shove out the door and onto the porch, keeping his hands low enough that Peter wouldn’t really be able to see it.  “I’ll see you.”
“You okay?” Steve asked quietly, just as Bucky’s lips parted for a reason different than speaking.
Steve didn’t want him to remember. “Tony, let’s just get you home and we can pretend nothing happened.”
He rushed off before Tony could say anything else to him, absently rubbing the backs of his fingers against his cheek, still startled by the fact that his beard was no longer there.
Even as he spoke, he knew he would regret this in an hour or a day or in a decade. Talking feelings with Tony since the divorce had only ever left him shaken. Rattled to the core, the ghost of what his life could have been passing through him with the unparalleled chill of any paranormal encounter.
Tony hired movers the next day. He made sure it was a public operation, and every gossip outlet on the internet was speculating within the hour. Suddenly everything was about Tony Stark and Steve Rogers. Fans all over the world were ecstatic about the new relationship, and many were talking wedding bells.
“I’ll be ready.”
friends?”
“Pops, hey,” Peter greeting, setting down his luggage to give Steve a hug.
“Hey now…”
“One two,” Steve said, dropping a card onto the fresh pile. Nobody called him.
“Tony,” Steve said, keeping his voice even.
Tony frowned. “I’m not dying or anything, if that’s what you mean.”
“Steve, wait.” Tony’s hand touched his arm, immediately freezing him.
“Hold it,” Blaine said suddenly, and Steve stopped in his tracks.
“I’d really like to discuss your Ben & Jerry’s flavor first—”
“And what do you remember?” Thor asked, clearly amused.
Tony paused his cranking at the connector for the oil pan, blinking for a moment. Questions about Steve usually only came up when Peter really just wanted to know how to bring something up with Mary Jane.
That was enough of an answer for him. “Shit,” he hissed, scrubbing his face with his hand. “Fuck.”
He felt Tony hesitate, but then heard the sleeping bag rustle as Tony sat up, completely moving off of him. Steve frowned.
“No chrome.” He licked a sesame seed from his lips. “Please.”
Steve worked his jaw, mortified that Tony was talking to him like this. He wasn’t a child. He could take care of himself and always had. Tony didn’t need to help him. No, he didn’t need Tony’s help.
“What’d I tell you about running in the kitchen?” Tony mock-scolded, doing a little spin. “It’s dangerous, you know.”
Steve felt hollow, his only feeling coming from the warmth of Tony’s body heat. “I’ll do whatever Peter wants. He doesn’t have to stay here anymore. I don’t want him to stay here if he feels like a prisoner.”
“What about breakfast tomorrow?” he tried.
“Hey,” Tony replied. He tipped over, resting against Steve’s shoulder, the weight of the battle finally crushing down on him.
Light burst into the hallway and for a second there was the sound of an explosion, but then only the ringing in Steve’s ears that came with dead silence as they progressed forward into the room. His muscles moved purely out of habit, his eyes scanning for the right shapes and shadows of humans, weapons, dogs.
“Sorry, I know this is totally outta line, but can I sit with you? I mean, I guess I’m already sitting, but is it okay if I sit here?”
Tony cradled him closer, and Steve just allowed himself to go limp in his ex-husband’s arms. He’d get up tomorrow, take a shower, shave, move on with his life. Peter would leave and Steve would plod along, stuck in his pseudo-immortality with no family and friends that he’d drifted from thanks to a relationship he had thought would last.
“You haven’t talked to me this whole week. Usually I wouldn’t notice, but it’s just us. You’ve barely said a word to me. And you won’t look at me.
Mary Jane had only ever been kind to him—and he knew she really did care for him—but he supposed Bucky was right. She had never gone out of her way to make him feel as important as she seemed to think he was. She was an empty promise. That made her something that was not a friendly.
A sailor handed a stack of pamphlets to the COs near the bow, and soon they were spread out among the men. Little explanations of French words, road signs, and maps. Everyone knew the mission. Everyone had been drilled on the mission until their brains hurt.
“You’re always part of this family,” Tony said, but he wasn’t sure he believed that anymore. Steve was off somewhere else. He never checked in. He never called or asked why he hadn’t seen Peter. It was like he didn’t even want to be part of the family anymore.
“Yeah, true.” Peter laughed. “I just got worried there for a sec, I thought you hung up.”
It wasn’t fair. It wasn’t fair that Steve got to talk his way back into his life without a punishment for what he’d done. But in that moment, Tony really didn’t fucking care. He’d gone through enough shit at this point in his life, and he wasn’t about to push back the only person in his life he’d ever truly seen forever with. The one he’d lost but was now back.
Steve smiled, hefting the duffel onto his shoulder as Jackson gave Tony a look.
Blaine tongued the inside of his cheek, thinking. “Okay, since we’re on leave, I can ask you a personal question.”
“That was wrong, but I thought it was best at the time. All of the pain all at once, except I’d be there to help you through it.”
Tony looked back out the front of the car, taking a breath.
Several pictures from their relationship also scrolled through, photos of Steve and Tony laughing during interviews, holding hands at a charity event, and the world-famous photo of Steve in a vintage Dodgers jersey for the Celebrity Allstar game, hanging on the edge of the outfield wall while he gave Tony their first public kiss.
Everything blurred except for a cup of hot chocolate, a ceramic mug held by warm, familiar hands. Tony. Those hands released the mug, moving through Steve’s chest, cradling his heart so that it was warm too.
Tony swallowed hard. He was going to have to make calls.  Lessen the damage of this blow somehow. Steve wouldn’t be able to take it. If any of the stuff Peter had just said came out in the inevitable argument Steve would put up…Tony had no idea what that would do.
This wasn’t what he imagined it would be.
But maybe that was just to torture him.
“You’re making me drowsy,” Tony murmured, resting his head on Steve’s chest where Peter’s little body had been only minutes before.
came instead.”
Steve looked up from his dried cranberry, iceberg lettuce salad to get a look at his new acquaintance.
Was that what Peter really thought?
Tony Stark appears to be having second thoughts about letting go of longtime boyfriend, Steve Rogers.
“Well,” Iron Man said after a moment. “Sometimes that’s not enough. He obviously doesn’t care about you, and you can’t keep putting yourself through that.”
“I’m trying
Steve reached between them to guide his cock to Tony’s entrance, watching the way Tony’s eyes lit up with pleasure when he found it. But Steve didn’t push in right away.
“Yes, I am,” Not-Tony replied gently. He nodded toward the ballroom floor. “You like it?”
“Are you trying to convince me or convince yourself right now?” Rhodey said, cocking a brow. “Sometimes it’s hard for me to tell.”
Tony stood there, staring up at him with big brown eyes and a look of utter horror on his face.
Blaine’s shoulder slammed into his lower abdomen, throwing his center of gravity completely off and causing him to literally land flat on his face on the mat. Blood rushed to his nose and Steve cursed as he felt warmth flood from it.
"You can't," Tony says, leaving no room for conversation. "Look, I might be a few days. Keep Pepper company until then."
The Mayor's expression turned even more stern. "Oh, no. It's not time for that quite yet. It's too early to trust him. I'll need more than just his word for that. See, his past
still capable of honesty. Let's try this one, then," Tony said, and something in his eyes shifted, changing from cold and callous to downright dangerous. His fingers tightened around Steve's chin until his hold was close to painful. "Where were you today?"
Steve's bedroom, like most of his apartment, was utilitarian. The window wall that doubled as a projection surface was currently showing a sunset sky with a few wispy clouds instead of the actual view outside. The other walls were plain gray and undecorated, except for the painting at the head of the bed. It was one Steve had painted himself, a romantic Appalachian landscape imitating the Hudson River School style, with an American flag at the forefront; a reminder of times when such symbols meant more than corporate logos. Tony often made fun of it. Today, he seemed too interested in Steve's frame to pay attention to the familiar surroundings.
"Should I be jealous?" Steve joked.
"No. Go away. I'm done with you." With one last, chilly glare at Steve, Tony walked to the entrance and into the cabin, slamming the door shut behind him. The sounds of locks and latches being closed followed right after.
“You stay out of this!” Steve and Tony yelled at him, the perfectly overlapping timing of their words almost comical.
"Of course, after a few years, it all caught up with me, and I got sick. Really, considering how I'd been living, it had only been a question of time. It was worse than ever before; I was used to feeling tired, or getting a bout of palpitations every now and then, but this was like an actual heart attack. The chest pain was so bad, it left me in tears, and I was bedridden for several weeks.
"So, you've been looking into these fires," Pepper began, studying him over the rim of her cup.
Tony clung to the jacket, pulling it tight around himself, but shaking his head as he did. "This is not real. Still not real. It'll just hurt more if I fall for it. You're not Steve. You're not real," he repeated to himself.
A few seconds passed in expectant silence.
"It's okay," she repeated.
The ride felt endless, his ears popping as they rapidly gained altitude. The drones were standing so close to him that if he shifted at all, his arms touched theirs.
"Identical Non-Coding Sequences are a genetic anomaly, right?" Tony began. "Well, we've got the science to fix that sort of thing." He spread his arms showily, as if he were speaking to a much bigger audience.
Steve looked gorgeous, as he always did. Instead of his costume, he wore the suit from when they'd first met. It wasn't as perfectly fitting as Tony's, but it accentuated the breadth of his shoulders nicely, and his blue tie set off his eyes. Unfortunately, even this beauty before him wasn't enough to soothe Tony.
Steve tried to picture the young man he'd known living through all these things, and turning into the person he was today. Had all those losses and the decades that had passed broken something to make him lose all empathy? Steve couldn't claim to understand the human psyche that well, nor to know what eighty years of living with that baggage would do to someone, but it still felt overly simplistic and didn't ring true to him.
Steve wished he were speaking with a person so he could at least glower at them. Trying to spot a camera in the ceiling didn't quite cut it. "So, I'm categorically banned from levels below the fiftieth in Stark Tower?"
Steve waits for the nurse to say that they should turn around and come back later, but instead, she walks up to Tony's bed and addresses him in a hushed tone. "Mr. Stark? There's someone here to see you."
"Why, we came to rescue you, of course," Jarvis said, like that was the most obvious thing in the world.
He didn't move again or open his eyes until he felt Tony's weight settle on the bed next to him. Then, he shifted closer, and murmured a hopefully sleepy-sounding "What was that?" at Tony.
Stark drew back his hand and cast a disappointed look at Bucky. "I've been at this for hours, surely I can take a brief break?" He sounded genuinely tired. The bruises on his face, given by Rumlow over a week ago, were still blue and purple, healing slowly.
Tony ordered two beers from the bartender, who was definitely more polite than the waiter at Lorenzo's had been, and pushed one of them towards Steve.
He must've heard it wrong. Besides, even if he hadn't, it didn't have to mean anything. Steve wasn't an uncommon name. He hadn't met any Steves or Stevens or Stephans in Crabb Castle, but surely, there had to be many people with a similar name on the island.
He hadn't come here looking for Tony, let alone looking to hook up with him. In fact, hooking up with him was about the worst thing Steve could do, considering that Tony was clearly involved in the case, one way or the other. The fact that Tony was in this bar made him seem even more suspect than before. Could he have mafia contacts? It wasn't entirely impossible. Steve didn't actually know much about Tony's background, beyond the fact that his parents had been rich. Then again, considering his heroic record when it came to the war, it was difficult to imagine he'd befriend criminals.
He waits and watches, and after a minute or so, the light inside the android's chest cavity starts to fade as the beat of its machine heart comes to a stop.
Steve raised his eyebrows. "And this frame, then?" he nodded down at himself.
"Something like that. Look, it's been a while, but I grew up down here, and I have no love for the heights. In fact, I'm trying to get away from someone up there." He tilted his head skywards. "Now, do you want that coat or not? I'm sure I can find someone else who does, if you don't."
His one last hope was that once he told his captors the strutter was finished, they'd take him outside for a test drive, and he could improvise his escape. He had rigged some of the technology in the Vault to explode with enough force to bring down half the room, which he could set on a timer. That should provide a fine distraction. He just wasn't sure how fast his sunstone would regain enough of a charge to power the escape vehicle. It could easily turn into a worst case scenario that would have him trapped in the midst of his enemies, caught with his pants down, or rather, his shirt off, the secret he'd been so careful to protect revealed to them all.
Tony quirked an eyebrow. "Are you sure 'escorts' isn't the word you're looking for?"
After his visit to the university, Steve spent a few hours looking into Simon's disappearance from the hospital. The impression he got was that it had been well orchestrated, most likely with either hospital staff or even police officers in on it. Smuggling Simon out wouldn't have been particularly difficult, since he had been fit enough to walk. Steve wasn't able to figure out who, exactly, had taken him, let alone where they'd gone.
"It's a prototype. Not approved," Tony explains, keeping it simple, because his lips and tongue still don't feel quite right. "Temporary, though. Will be fine."
It occurred to Steve that the thread had appeared the very second when he had admitted his feelings to himself. It had been his realization that had brought it to existence, and that meant that Tony must've already known. Tony had been in love with him before, and Tony must've thought Steve didn't love him back. Had he been thinking that when they'd said their goodbyes, or had he come to terms with his feelings during the many days he'd spent alone, stranded in the pocket dimension? Steve couldn't decide which was worse.
He made his way back to the fire engines, and found out Tony had already left. Apparently, he'd managed to convince the people he'd talked to that he wasn't injured.
He'd reached a spot where there was a wide, shallow pothole breaking the tracks, no doubt where the explosive had been, when the culprits made an appearance. They stepped out of the jungle across the tracks from Tony: six figures dressed in browns and greens for camouflage, carrying guns.
Fury nodded. "That's one name for us."
"Can you take Sam and set up a lookout, just to be sure?" Steve asked Natasha as the procession came to a halt around them.
Tony's smile faltered, turning to a somber, thoughtful expression. "Yeah, I think so. I'm not sure I've actually grasped what's happened yet."
"You did. You just had to ride to the rescue, didn't you? You fought Mallen, but you were no match for him. He'd already killed Al. Everyone else had fled," Maya explained, her face reflecting the horror she must've felt back then. "You were badly injured. Dying, probably. I told you we should run to safety, but you argued that you wouldn't make it, and that someone needed to stop him. So I helped you into the Fountain."
Tony's cheek is still stained with mud. That's not right. Steve picks up one of the moth-eaten blankets piled up on the bed, to use its corner to wipe away the dirt. Working on that, one hand on Tony's neck to tilt his head, he makes an unexpected, joyful discovery.
He felt lost. Misplaced. He didn't know these people. Yesterday, they'd still been his enemies. He didn't know what would happen to him next. Where would he go? Would they make him answer for his crimes? Would he be able to fit in and learn to live with all these dinosaurs? And considering how close Steve seemed with Tony, would he have any time to spare for Bucky at all?
"That's all right. You've already been more helpful than anyone else I've talked to so far." Steve gave her a thankful smile, and finished the lukewarm coffee in his cup. "One last question: where would you expect Tony to go, when he said he's going to lie low? Does he have any regular hideouts?"
"I do. Still. Keep your eyes peeled, and watch each other's backs, okay?" Steve repeated.
He didn't feel at all mentally prepared when they stopped in front of an unmarked door and the receptionist called out, "Mr. Stark? I have a Mr. Rogers here to see you."
Alone, in the dark, he finally let the first tears fall, mourning a loss so deep that he didn't know if he'd ever truly get over it.
Jarvis was gone, now, anyway. Jarvis, who'd had no physical body that could fail and should've easily outlived Tony. The Vision was something else, something that Tony didn't fully understand. Friday, well, she was as good as any AI he'd ever coded and he liked her and was proud of her, but she wasn't Jarvis, and never would be.
Steve didn't particularly like Justin Hammer, but he didn't like Tony very much either, and he wasn't going to point the finger at a man he believed to be innocent just to escape his own circumstances. He told Tony that he didn't think Hammer was the culprit and kept working.
There were soft shuffling noises in the cell diagonal to his, closest to the lantern lighting the space. Under its glow, Tony could see the figure that made its way to the bars, limping. It was a medium-sized theropod dinosaur, possibly a
Steve took Tony's hand between both of his, his back still turned towards Stane. "At least he could spend that time among friends instead of pain and misery. I don't have a lot to bargain with, but I'll do whatever it takes to grant him that."
He started drifting off again.
"When I came after you, you could've just told me the truth," Steve added. "I would've listened. Maybe I could've even found a way to help you. Instead, you made it look like you were running away from me."
Tony gave a startled jolt, his hand dropping away from Steve's arm. "I didn't realize you were awake! You heard all of it?"
"Are all dinosaurs really as evil as everyone says?" he asked the others thoughtfully over their meal. Most of the group around him were locals, born in the north of the island: Mona and a few other young people Bucky had been sparring with regularly.
"Then you'll need to run it by Tony, and possibly delegate that particular task to someone else," Ultron said, not leaving much hope for potential loopholes.
In the end, Steve decided to just pay his bill and leave, hoping that the next place on his agenda would prove more informative. If nothing else worked, he could always come back as Captain America later.
Damn it. Steve had abandoned his street-bought bomber jacket, but he'd completely forgotten about the cut from the bar fight. He was too used to pushing minor injuries to the background; this was barely enough to register at all. Now it was too late to do anything about it.
Bucky—looking slightly older than Steve remembered him, as if he had aged a year within the months they'd spent apart, his hair longer, his face more lined—was holding on to Tony, whose usually neat facial hair had grown to a scraggly beard during his captivity. Tony seemed out cold, hunched forwards, his eyes closed.
"Last time was the first time I had sex with someone after the Fountain." Tony glanced up at Steve, looking apologetic. "I mean, sure, I'd experimented on my own, and found out that my refractory period had gone down to something ridiculous, but I had no idea how things would work out with a partner."
Obie's hand settles on Tony's chest, his fingers probing the edges of the reactor. "I don't want to do this, but you've left me no choice. You really should've given up the design voluntarily."
In the end, as incredible as the place was, deep down Steve was looking forward to going back, traversing the island all the way to the west coast, so he could hold the man he loved in his arms again.
"You asked us how you can help," Fury reminded him. "From our point of view, right now, next to Stark is where you could make the biggest difference."
"Who's Steve?" Bucky had to ask.
Tony makes a small shrug and tilts his head against the pillows. "Actually, you could have. Would've been very easy."
He was awake, and he was alive. Rumlow hadn't killed him, after all.
Somehow, Bucky had never thought others might've been in the same situation as him. "Really? And she left?"
Tony wasn't sure where his own feelings ended and Steve's started anymore; it was a jumble of incredulity, relief, regret, and a million other things, everything that they'd been carrying around since they'd met, finally out in the open.
Tony's expression grew more dismayed. "What's that? He didn't catch you again, did he?"
The door slid open, and Steve gaped.
Steve didn't believe in the urban legends about people dissociating from their real bodies after too many swaps into fakes, losing something of their humanity in the process so that they never felt at home in their original flesh and blood again. He was an Agent of the System-wide Hazard Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division, and swapping frames was a part of the job. He was good at it, too; he might feel slightly uncoordinated now, but tomorrow, he'd work this one as if he'd always had it. That, and his tactical thinking skills, had helped him climb the ranks record-fast, making him the leader of an elite team before he'd even turned thirty. Still, somewhere at the back of his mind was the feeling that he could never completely shake, that this was unnatural. He imagined that was how most people felt all the time.
you find me, anyway?"
Steve couldn't contain a sharp, surprised breath at what he was hearing. Just as he'd been thinking, earlier today, about how he would've prefered something deeper and more serious than what they had—but he'd also been thinking about the many reasons why that wouldn't work between the two of them, the fundamentally different ways he and Tony saw the world. Really, considering how shallow Tony's take on everything around him seemed to be, Steve hadn't expected to hear something so emotional from him. He'd had no idea that Tony might care for him beyond the attractive frames he donned.
Tony hated waiting.
Rhodey shakes his head, his lips quirked into a slight smile. "None taken. So, are you at least going to introduce us?"
"It's all we've got, unless you have something better to offer," Jarvis said. Steve thought there was a strange edge to his voice, and the look he gave her was very sharp.
Iron Man's other hand, the one that had still been higher up, teasing Steve's nipple, let go now, and to Steve's surprise, took hold of Steve's right hand to bring that to his cock as well.
"What fountain?" the Kingpin asked, looking from Tony to Maya. "First you promise me valuable antiques and magical artifacts, then you lie and say you didn't find anything, and then when we push Stark a little and find out he's gained these very unusual talents, you claim that he took what you found. Your next story had better be a very good one if you want me to believe a single word of it, Doctor."
The place was stunning in a rugged way, almost like a charcoal drawing: the landscape consisted of nothing but black rock and the sea, dark aside from the foamy white tips of waves. Their whoosh mixing with the cries of flying creatures that Steve couldn't name—perhaps some distant relatives of Sam's skybax companion—made for a soothing soundscape as well, but Steve was far too tense for it to settle his nerves.
"Then it's a good thing you're not one." Tony grasped Steve's hand between both of his, and brought it to his lips, pressing a kiss on Steve's fingertips.
His bike, a third generation H-D Wingless Light Aircycle, was his most prized possession. It was the product of an era when personal off-ground traffic had been new and exciting, and he would never trade it for the sheltered flying cabins that most other people rode these days. It had been a part of his cover on an early assignment, soon after he'd become a full Agent, and he'd negotiated a deal to buy it for himself later.
It annoys him that he was too slow and too late to reach this perch within the full light of day. He's not too tired and could easily keep walking through the night, but there's no point to it if he doesn't actually have a destination. It would make far more sense to stop, rest, and wait for the morning, so that he can get a proper view.
"None of your business," the man repeated.
"I broke my leg. It's healed already," Steve said dismissively. He'd always healed fast, so Bucky wasn't surprised to hear that. "Come, I'll introduce you to my friends."
Sleep took much longer to come than it should've, his mind stuck between regretful feelings about Tony and unease about tomorrow.
"And I've told you I wouldn't mind," Tony reminded him. "I didn't mean you should invite her to join the two of us, you've made it clear that's not in the cards. Alas!" He sighed dramatically.
"None whatsoever," Steve said, and lifted his arms to let Tony pull his shirt over his head. Once Tony had dropped it on the chair, Steve placed his hands on Tony's hips before he could undress Steve any further. "I've got another question, though."
Tony was resting on his back on a couch, on a residential floor of the Tower that had survived the narrowly missed Lokicalypse unscathed, unlike most of the neighborhood. He'd swapped his glitchy arc reactor for an intact one and had Jarvis run some basic medical scans, and everything checked out. Physically, he was surprisingly okay.
Tony frowned at him, not even trying to hide his confusion. "I honestly have no clue what you're talking about."
"Really? That's all you've got to say about me? Aw, Tony," the AI complained. "I'm also smarter, faster, and I've got bigger guns, too." Not the sort of attitude that Steve found confidence-inspiring, coming from a disembodied intelligence.
Bucky was cornered against the parapet, facing three enemies, one of them pointing a blaster at him. Before Steve had time to move more than a few steps in their direction, the thug fired, catching Bucky in the chest point-blank.
********************
"Probably, but I'm used to that," Tony replied, now aiming his words at Steve again, with another of those almost-smiles.
Maybe there could've been a way to pull this off without revealing anything to SHIELD. Steve's thoughts had circled back to that often enough, second-guessing what he'd ended up doing, trying to think of other, better solutions. Still, he wasn't regretting that they'd gone with his first plan. They'd already cut it too close and almost lost Tony because of that. It was done now, and they'd deal with the consequences.
It might also be that there was no artifact at all, and this was something else—either Tony wasn't Tony, or if he was, then something extraordinary had happened to him on that expedition.
The mention of his old team stung like a dagger between the ribs. Steve could go after them. He should go after them. "Do you know where Bucky is? Agent Barnes, from my Commandos?"
"What do you think is the hard part, then?" Steve asks, with some trepidation.
Steve had been rescued from Tony by Tony's friends. He tried to wrap his mind around that. It didn't make any sense, especially not when he could barely think at all. His head still ached fiercely, the movements of the car weren't helping with the queasiness, and he realized he was trembling all over. He allowed himself to slump against the seat, eyes closed, the heel of one hand pressed against his forehead. He was only half following the conversation going on around him.
"You'll be too busy admiring all the breathtaking views to even notice," Tony said wistfully. "Trust me, as incredible as the rest of the island is, there aren't many places that can rival the home of the skybaxes and their pilots."
, who was too large to fit through the other, human-sized entrance.
“There you go. All done,” Steve informed him, setting aside the gauntlet.
"You don't believe that, do you? He wouldn't have," Steve said. Tony had never liked his father, but he'd been close with his mother, and regardless of Steve's opinions on his moral integrity, surely Tony wouldn't have been capable of wiping his parents in cold blood.
It all seemed almost too normal and too peaceful. "You sure this is the right place?" he checked.
Steve swung himself over the parapet and onto the narrow walkway—and directly into the path of a guard, whose eyes went comically wide with surprise. Without losing a second, Steve sprung on her and aimed a heavy blow to her temple, stunning her so that she landed on her knees. Steve gagged her before she could utter a word of warning to anyone else nearby, and bound her arms and legs. She regained her senses soon and started to squirm in protest, but Steve had played this game before, and she wasn't getting anywhere. He found a shadowed nook in the wall where he could leave her so that she wouldn't be discovered right away.
Bucky was happy to do as she asked, fetching food and bringing it to Stark's cell. He even got his very own set of dungeon keys due to his new role as Stark's primary warden.
The things Tony liked tended to be fast, sleek and expensive. His lab, hidden away on one of the lower floors, made this clear to anyone who stepped inside: it was full of half-built machinery with shimmering chrome and gold surfaces, most of which Steve wouldn't have been able to name. Officially, Tony was responsible for maintaining the hardware for the data network in the building, including the delicate technology involved in mind transfers, but it only took him half a day to deal with those duties. The rest of his time was spent on his projects. Sometimes, he even ended up creating useful tech for the Agents, but that was more of a happy coincidence than the intended goal. The reason he worked at SHIELD in the first place was his father, who had insisted he needed to do some real work, to learn how to "at least pass for an adult," according to Tony's sarcastic quoting.
"Steve," Natasha's voice in Steve's ear startled him for the second time that day. "We can't extract him because there's some kind of major cognitive conflict that we can't sort out. We'll create a visual exit for you. It'd be best if you could convince him to follow you out voluntarily."
"See, flyboy? They've finally done the impossible and solidly proven a negative," Tony said, swatting the table in front of Rhodey with the article he'd printed.
"No, I don't think you will be," the reptile-person hissed at Steve through rows of sharpened teeth. They got up as well, uncurling from their perch like a snake, revealing hands that ended in long claws instead of nails. Their loose clothing; a baggy hoodie and a floor-length skirt, or perhaps very wide pants, hid the shape of their frame.
Steve still couldn't quite believe this was happening; Iron Man's bare hand on his cock, Iron Man's nose and lips at the back of his neck, his breathing light and fast against Steve's skin.
"So, about you getting out of here," Steve began, steering the conversation towards that one important question. "Have you thought about what frame you want yet?"
He hates everything about this situation.
He shifts his hand to Tony's throat to check his pulse, and he thinks it feels slightly better, as well; still far slower than it should ever be, but stronger. Unfortunately, when he rests the back of his hand against Tony's cheek, it's no warmer than before.
It was as if his body wasn't entirely his own anymore.
"Nothing like you!" Tony protests.
Steve had to be feeling all this too—as far as Tony knew, the synchronization was always reciprocal. Then again, he was pretty sure there were no precedents for matching with a super soldier who'd spent decades in accidental suspended animation. It'd be just Tony's luck to be the first example of a failed, one-sided match in the whole wide world.
The so-called hotel rather resembled some godforsaken highway motel. The lobby looked like it hadn't been cleaned in ages, if ever, and consisted of one stretch of corridor, the reception counter, and stairs leading up. The bored-looking young lady sitting behind the counter turned a faint shade of pink when she set eyes on Steve.
Steve had thought he was ready. He wasn't.
"Sorry, but it doesn't look like you do. I don't make the rules."
“Don’t you want to get back home?” Tony returned.
"He's been ill since yesterday," Bucky added as he slid down from his steed. "Unconscious since we left the dungeons. He said something's wrong with his heart and mentioned some device and charging with the sun, that's all I know."
"About time. You're a very difficult person to get hold of," Tony replied, saying neither his nor Maya's name aloud. If Steve didn't have such good hearing, he wouldn't have learned much at all from Tony's side of the conversation.
It takes him a few minutes, but eventually, he finds what he's looking for under the android's armpits. As he presses down on both sides, the skin covering the android's torso fades away, turning into smooth white plastic. With the silver seams between sections in plain view, it's much easier to locate the next catch he needs, the one that allows him to open a chest panel.
The dining room was smaller than Bucky would've expected, with a table that couldn't seat more than six. It was now laid out for just one person, but the Mayor's butler soon hurried to bring plates and cutlery for Bucky as well.
"Jarvis?" Tony turned his head to face the familiar features of his oldest friend. "How are you here?" It was nice to be able to talk properly again, even if it sounded weak and breathy in his ears.
"What we need to do is to have him cornered so completely that he has no choice but to give me what I'm after." Tony let go of his coffee with one hand to slam his palm against the table as he went on. "No backups, no escape, and no way to call for help."
He glanced at Tony, who he realized was leaning on a bedpost, eyeing him. Aside from kicking off his shoes, Tony hadn't even started stripping.
"If first base is like this, I don't think I've got the stamina for much more today," Tony said ruefully.
The kitchen was quiet, but not empty. Sam stood by the room-height windows, a mug of coffee in his hands. The view that opened outside was more alien than anything else Steve had seen in the future. It kind of looked like the way he'd thought the future should look: colorful and sleek and beautiful.
"Tony, you need to get out of here," Rhodey was saying in Steve's ear; they must've left the line open on purpose.
"I guess I could stick around until lunchtime," he told Tony breezily.
"Can't I just blast him dead right here and now?" Ultron asked, the petulant voice emanating from the cannon-armed drone.
"You need to make it through this, because I need to make things right. See, even if you hate me—and considering everything that's happened, I understand if you do—I've never hated you," Steve continues, his hand lingering on top of Tony's head. "I still don't. I missed you, and I know things probably can't go back to the way they were, but I can't stand the way they are now. Just looking at what happened here, these past few days—I think it's obvious we'd be better off if we could work through our differences."
"Trusting people isn't easy for me, these days," Tony said. His hand felt cool, trembling ever so slightly under Steve's. "In this case, though, maybe it's worth the risk."
The sight of Tony pulling off his helmet and grinning at Steve, his whole face alight, his hair mussed, was like out of some commercial. "Damn, I need to build myself something like this," he said, combing his fingers through his hair. "Just need to finish that suborbital drone first."
He just wanted to get this over with.
Steve was a restless sleeper, that much had become clear on the first nights they'd spent next to each other in their canvas shelter. He was slow to fall asleep, always shifting around, and he slept fitfully, making Tony suspect nightmares. It was another part of the mystery that was Steve; he'd never mentioned what was on his mind, not even when Tony tried to ask him directly, but it was obvious there were ghosts in his past. Not that Tony hadn't guessed he had a background more complicated than that of simply studying art, like he officially claimed. He showed definite talent with his sketches, but that certainly didn't explain why General Fury had recruited him.
It was strange to think that Steve's street level getaway had taken place less than a day ago; it felt like much more time had passed than that.
Steve couldn't possibly say no to that.
"Still, I might've been able to fix him. I didn't even try," Tony insists.
He got out of bed, crossed the quiet building to the gym, and started pummeling the punching bag like if he just hit it hard enough, he'd a rip hole in the fabric of the multiverse and bring back the man he loved.
Unfortunately, with the haziness slowly fading, there are too many questions bubbling up that he can't ignore. His memories are strange, and he can't make up his mind whether they're real or not. There was that nightmare of a solo hike, several days of nothing but painful walking and constant hunger and cold and exhaustion—and the least believable part of it all, there was Steve. That makes no sense at all. Why would Steve have been there?
Maybe too quickly, because Rhodey didn't seem entirely convinced. "Okay. So, we're still on for Monday?"
willing to listen when you tell me important stuff that's directly relevant to me, instead of keeping it to yourself because of whatever convoluted excuse you happen to come up with."
Steve had felt a twinge in his knee as he'd moved, but now that it had passed, he could barely notice the ache. "A little. It's not that bad."
Was it just Tony, or was it starting to feel warm in here? Or was that just the fact that Steve was standing so near that Tony could feel his heated breaths?
As usual, it felt like a relief to step into the streets without his costume. All of a sudden, he was just a regular nobody. Sure, an ill-fitting suit wouldn't hide that Steve Rogers was a tall and broad-shouldered man, but even if a pair of eyes here and there lingered on him because of that, at least no one would stare at him unashamedly, let alone ask for his autograph. He might have grown used to those things, but it didn't mean he liked them.
"Tony, I'm close, that's so good, I'm so close," he called out.
Hammer looked shocked enough that Steve believed him—but for solving their current predicament, it didn't really matter. Regardless of who had been controlling the drone that had started the firefight, now that all of them registered the opposing side as a threat, they would keep on fighting until one side had completely destroyed the other.
He wanted so badly to get this right.
"No thanks," Pepper replied.
Steve hadn't known Tony at all before he'd started working on this investigation, so he wasn't really fit to judge whether Tony was himself. He was certainly charming, just as he was supposed to be. None of his friends had questioned his identity, even if Pepper had thought he'd been behaving oddly. She'd suspected mind control, but she hadn't suggested someone else might've actually taken Tony's place.
"I hadn't forgotten about that," Tony said happily, and stood up. "I remember fucking against the wall was on the list, too, but how about we get rid of the clothes and move to the bed, instead?"
"Can you tell me more about the expedition? Miss van Dyne mentioned it, but she didn't know any details. Anything out of the usual about it?"
He's incredibly tired.
Back at Stark Tower, Tony was waiting for Steve right inside the door to the landing platform, his arms crossed and his expression wary. "Steve. What have you been up to?"
"I was thinking about that while you slept," Steve replies. "Obviously, we'll need more time to talk things through. Before that, you need to recuperate, and I think we could both use some space to think about what we want, going forward. I suggest we set up a meeting later, say, in a month, on neutral ground. Somewhere out of the way, to be sure no one will bother us."
Steve didn't want to tell Jarvis about the note, since he wasn't sure he could trust him. "I don't know yet. Anyway, that was all I had in mind, for now," he said. He then pulled one of his cards out of his pocket to offer it to Jarvis. It had his official Captain America phone number on it, the one he only gave out in special circumstances. He figured this counted as one. "Could you tell Mr. Stark to call me once he gets home?"
Tony smiled at him, at first, wide and brilliant, but then seemed to notice the look on Steve's face. "Steve? Something wrong?"
"Good thing you did, otherwise I never would've found you." Steve doesn't admit aloud how surprised he is to hear Tony's words, and how hopeful they make him. There's a warmth in his chest that's more comforting than the thickest blanket in his hotel bed. "And I'm truly glad that I did. It means we get another chance, one that I don't want to waste. I hope you feel the same way about it."
"Damn him," Jarvis swore once Steve was through the day's second retelling of the recent events. "He should've told me—we looked into this, and we were convinced he must've been in contact with the Fountain, the way he'd healed, but we never saw a trace of these side-effects."
A moment later, a woman's voice spoke up, one that didn't sound familiar to Steve. "Tony? It's me, Maya. I got your message."
"I swear I've no idea who that is," Steve breathed. "My plans for you are something else entirely."
Steve slid his fingers out and patted Tony's ass. "I've been looking forward to that part."
"What is this place, anyway?" Steve asked.
After the rough start, Steve and Rhodey get along well, just like Steve and Pepper. Overall, Steve is very easy to get along with, thanks to his pretty smiles and his sly humor. Out of the people Tony introduces him to, the only one who doesn't seem to like him very much is Obie, and that's not to do with Steve, but what he represents.
"Move along," James added, placing his good hand on Tony's back to guide him towards the cells. It was firm, but not entirely ungentle.
"Nothing beyond that we shouldn't expect help from the locals," Steve replied sourly.
Bucky reappeared, a look of alarm on his face. "Let go of him," he commanded Seren in his Northern-accented common language.
He felt a tad too excited as he knocked on the door and waited for someone to answer. He reminded himself he wasn't here to make friends, but to work on the investigation.
"A pity. They should've gone all the way. Wouldn't be that expensive to install some synthetic glands." Tony gripped Steve's cock more firmly and gave the head a lick. It felt less intense than what he'd have expected.
Steve took Tony's hands in his, lacing his slender fingers with Tony's slightly shorter and older-looking ones. "You'd better," Steve told him. "I'm not sure I'd be so convinced if you weren't here with me."
Tony almost didn't recognize her at first. It was Seren, but she must've gone to the sea for a swim, because for the first time, he saw her with all her scales and feathers clean, shimmering in shades of red and green under the sun. She was still skinny, but clearly, being outside was doing wonders for her, as well.
This was turning out to be a rather pointless conversation; so far all Steve had gotten was the confirmation that Tony's adventurous reputation was real, and not a fiction created for his magazine.
"Exactly. Well, I'm going to put together a functioning one for you," Tony promised.
"Sir, Colonel Rhodes is waiting for you in the living room. You should probably hurry."
"Likewise. So very glad." Bucky didn't really have the words to describe how happy he was to see Steve again, but hopefully, Steve knew anyway. "You made it without any injuries?"
The line went quiet, and Steve waited with bated breath. This almost felt too easy and too good to be true—so, of course, it got more complicated right away.
"We'd like to have a few words with you," added the man who'd first addressed Tony. With his stylish clothing and waxed mustache, he gave the impression of being the brains of the troupe.
The night has been miserable. He's desperately tired, since he can't have slept more than a few hours altogether; short fits between feeding more sticks to the fire and trying to drive away the cloud of mosquitoes that are out for his blood. It also didn't help that the ground underneath the parachute fabric is uneven with pebbles that he missed while clearing it out, and the sun stayed above the horizon all through the night, as if it'd forgotten how to set properly. Now, it's on the way up again.
Tony is gone, and he died thinking that Steve hates him, when nothing could be further from the truth. Yes, he'd been angry at Tony, furious after Siberia, and over the years they've known each other, he's probably been annoyed at Tony more often than not. Still, in many things, he's also admired Tony and respected him.
Tony ignores the implicit jab about size, which is entirely unfounded anyway and doesn't merit a reply. "Of this affront to good taste? Hardly."
Even in the Wakandan jet T'Challa had graciously lent Steve, much faster than any commercial airplane would've been, the flight seemed to take far too long.
"Yes, has been for several hours," she confirmed. "And he's very eager to meet you, so go ahead." She didn't quite wink, but the way her lips quirked even further had a similar effect.
The Kingpin made a low hum of approval, his lips curling to a smile that somehow seemed even more menacing than his disapproval had. "All very good ideas, Dr. Hansen. Thank you for them. I think you've served your purpose, now. Dispose of her." He waved his hand again at the two thugs guarding her, an offhand gesture, as if she were barely worthy of his attention, and turned his back to her, approaching Tony instead. "Subdue him," he ordered. "Should be easier in the water. I'm sure a few of you can swim."
Tony's hand stopped still, and his chest expanded in a deep sigh against Steve's. "I think I made it very clear already why I can't."
Since he doesn't have a compass to keep track of his bearing, his ability to memorize things comes in handy. He commits to memory all the main landmarks between the possible cabin and his current location: hills with recognizable shapes, the largest patches of scree on slopes, and the patterns of rivers and lakes. The large one next to his destination should make navigating to it a simple matter.
"Captain America? What about him?" Pepper asked, right next to Tony now.
Tony got up and walked over to the phone again. Steve took this as his chance to use the bathroom. Before he closed the door, he heard the beginning of Tony's call, apparently to the receptionist: "I realize you don't have a proper kitchen, let alone room service, but how much would I need to pay you to convince you to get me some breakfast?"
"I recently lost someone with that name," Bucky said.
Most of the team would've still be in prison if Steve hadn't broken them out. Now they were on the run, who knew where, and they all hated Tony's guts.
Steve straightened out his neck and put his hands on Tony's hips. He was aching to get some attention for his cock, but he knew he needed the teasing build-up. "Keep going," he said.
The dinosaur roared again, and the sound was almost like a physical blow, rattling Bucky's very bones.
"Just Tony, out of worry for your well-being," Ultron said. "He's always so considerate."
Bucky was surprised, but pleased to hear those words; he'd been getting that very same feeling about Rumlow, too, and sometimes it'd made him uneasy. That she saw the same thing made him respect her even more. "I couldn't agree more," he told her.
Tony scoffed. "Yeah, that's what he wanted everyone to think, and thanks to Hydra, he was successful, too. That's who took over SHIELD, in case you were wondering."
“I’m already there,” Steve said.
Steve had only ever visited some of the public floors of the Tower, never those that made up the Starks' private residence, so he couldn't say if the interior had changed, but Tony did look different.
"Did I say I was?" Tony complained, although he knew he might as well have. The conversation was starting to get beyond what he could handle. He stood up, feeling shaky and nauseous. There was a deep ache beneath the arc reactor that he knew no painkillers would touch, because there wasn't really anything wrong with him, even though everything was wrong. "God, I need a drink. Or ten."
That sounds worrying; Tony won't be able to live with himself if Steve suffers some kind of a meltdown because of him. "Slow down. What kind of signals?"
The presumptuous slogan didn't help with Steve's growing urge to punch Randall in the face. He stepped closer, glaring at him over the bed. "And who's responsible for this?"
Rumlow nudged him on the good arm. "No fraternizing with the prisoner, kid."
The dinosaur stopped by Stark's side and bent his front legs, bringing his massive head level with Stark's face. Stark pressed his forehead against the dinosaur's crest and patted his snout, and they had a brief exchange of unintelligible growls and grunts.
"I'd like that, but I'm not sure it's possible," he finally answered. "My life's not so simple, either."
"No, I'm good too," Steve said quickly.
"I think it's brilliant," Steve declared. Ever so slightly worried about overstepping the boundaries of their truce, he brought Tony's hand to his lips and pressed a kiss on the knuckles. Their warmth reminded him of a mug of tea on a cold winter day.
He went back to the beginning and told Bucky the whole story as he'd been able to piece it together: Maya's mob-funded expedition and Tony's group running into them, the Fountain of Youth, the fight that had taken place there, and the events after they'd returned home, from Maya's changing stories to the Kingpin to Tony's plight with the mob that had led to the fires. For some parts of the tale, Steve only had Maya's word to go on, but that was all anyone had. Tony had claimed not to remember the events at the Fountain, and whether he did or not didn't really matter, since he wasn't around to give his account.
Steve leaned over Tony, knees between Tony's legs, elbows by his sides, and started pressing kisses all over Tony's bare upper body, following a trail down his neck and chest, over his abdomen, ending up at his waistline. Tony chuckled breathlessly, and the way his muscles danced under Steve's lips was tantalizing. The only thing that was even more exciting was the obvious swell of his cock, very close to where Steve's face ended up.
"No, you know things because you've spent a lifetime poking around in my brain," Tony said, staring at the floor.
It took him a lot of restraint not to break out in hysterical laughter.
"Stark seems like a slippery fellow," Bucky said, "but I'm sure you'll catch him sooner or later."
Luckily, he had the exercise regime he'd set up to keep him occupied. The familiarity of it, the physical work and the challenges of training with some of Wakanda's finest were nearly enough to take his mind off what he'd learned.
Steve let out a huff, half amused, half frustrated. "Of course I can."
Bucky raised the metal limb in a wave. Made with technology that looked complex and ancient at the same time, it wasn't anything like a real arm; the fingers didn't move, and he only had a limited range of motion. He still thought it was far better than what he might've ended up with back home. He hated that he needed it, but it beat having no arm at all, and the medicines he'd been given helped keep the recurring phantom pains of missing the real limb at bay.
Steve grinned back at him, the joy and relief at seeing him awake and alive so overwhelming, they left him feeling as breathless as Tony sounded.
That sounded like one potential explanation for why the word had been in the note Tony had dropped, and yet, it still didn't make any sense. What did ancient ruins in Central America have to do with a warehouse fire in Brooklyn?
my first time," Tony said, rolling his eyes.
. That's not in his programming. JARVIS may be a learning, adapting machine consciousness—and Tony does think JARVIS is self-aware at least by some definition of the word—but emotions are not a part of it.
It was as it'd always been when he was around Tony. He'd expected that to stop when he'd found out they weren't soulmates; he'd thought it'd rid him of these apparently imaginary impressions that he kept having, but it hadn't. The best explanation he'd come up with was that maybe he'd known Howard so well, he could now notice slight changes in Tony's voice and barely perceptible microexpressions on his face so that he could pick up cues he'd miss in anyone else.
Steve's friend nodded. "As sure as I can be. It's less than ten minutes away. He should be fine."
"I do. I really do," Steve told him, and that was the complete and honest truth, God help him. He pushed aside his half-finished beer and untangled their legs, getting ready to stand up. "Shall we?"
The town wall was built of large blocks of stone that must've come from the cliffs by the shore. The seams between them offered plenty of good handholds, and scaling the twenty or so feet of it gave Steve no trouble at all. He was sure Natasha would be just as quick on her side. Her background before she'd ended up on the island was still a mystery to Steve, but based on what he'd seen of her, she was as fast and agile as anyone he knew.
He wondered if Tony knew what Ultron was up to. He considered the possibility that Ultron was the true villain here, with Tony somehow trapped under his influence, but that didn't seem to fit. Going by what Steve had seen of Tony, it was more likely that he knew, and that the AI's unpleasant personality was a deliberate programming choice on Tony's part.
He leaned closer and pressed his lips against Tony's.
Steve considered whether he should go and visit Tony right away, but that seemed overzealous. It was getting late, and Tony, even if he hadn't been hurt, had clearly been through a distressing experience. Steve would let him catch a night's sleep, and go see him tomorrow. Hopefully he'd remember more, then.
The moment Tony set eyes on Captain America, his expression shifted from wary to openly hostile. He didn't quite raise his fists, but he did steel his shoulders and put his weight on his heels in a defensive stance. "I'm not going anywhere," he announced in a low, dangerous growl.
Stark's gaze had gone to the creature as well, his face twisting to a disapproving frown, and he tried to take a step towards it, but Rumlow pulled him back sharply by his shackles.
"They may have changed when I found out about this quirk of yours," Steve said, pulling Tony snug against himself and grinding their groins together. He was half hard already, and going by what he could feel, so was Tony.
"I'm not leaving without Tony," Steve declared. "If anyone else wants to, you should go now, while it's still easy."
Without a moment's hesitation, Steve dropped through the opening.
"For which I'm grateful," Steve said, with a warm smile.
"Just do it," Steve repeated at Pepper.
"My point exactly," Rhodey said, smirking at him. "At least I'm humble enough to admit that I've no clue. Genome-wide scan? Candidate loci?"
Maya had assured Steve that what she'd told everyone on the pier had been the actual truth. He didn't feel overly trusting towards her, considering what had happened previously, but he couldn't imagine what she had to gain by lying now. Besides, she'd seemed genuinely repentant; she felt partly responsible for the entire incident. She'd confessed that it hadn't been a coincidence that the two teams had ended up at the Fountain at the same time. She'd left Tony a clue that had led him there, as a backup plan in case she failed to locate the temple with her own team.
Steve sat at the corner table where he'd met Tony the last time and waited. Every time someone entered the room, he felt a brief flash of excitement, but it was never Tony. He waited until closing time, wishing that the alcohol he was drinking actually had an effect on him. He could've used something to dull the pain of his loss and guilt.
me, and I'm no one. I don't exist." Tony's voice was raw with anger and despair, and Steve couldn't blame him.
Working together and traveling in secret, Steve and Tony regularly shared a tent. It was a question of convenience, nothing more—except that last night had been different. It had felt meaningful. It had felt like the first promise of something more.
So much for blending in, then. "No, a regular a beer will do just fine," Steve insisted.
"Just like that, yeah, put those big fake fingers to good use," Tony encouraged him, squirming against Steve.
Tony knew he needed all the help he could get. He shifted to sit on his knees, leaned on Bucky, and started to push himself up from the floor as slowly and cautiously as he could.
Steve lifted his gaze to finally see Tony eye to eye. "Yes. I'm done lying," he said, in the most unwavering tone he could muster.
"You think I didn't consider all of this decades ago when I made my decision?" Stane said, but his indifference looked feigned to Steve, and as he went on, it started to fade, turning into open anger. "I chose to give up my life as Obadiah Stane because that was a life spent in the shadows of others. First Howard, then Tony. Tony, he always had everything, and he never appreciated that. I deserve this life more than he ever did." He reached out to grab hold of Tony's chin, glowering at his unconscious face. Oblivious to the world, Tony didn't so much as twitch in response.
"I couldn't just leave you out there," Steve says.
"You and Stark," Sam said, shaking his head, looking like he didn't know what to think about this. "I don't get it. If you're right and you both had a hunch you're a match, then why didn't either of you ever say anything?"
Bruce thought the gamma radiation could've messed up his INCS. If that could happen accidentally, then surely it could also be done on purpose.
Leaning heavily on a wall, he clambered up from the floor and crossed his cell to the bars. "Hey, you there!" he shouted after the already departing guard. "I need to talk to your Mayor."
"Just a little," Tony murmured, rubbing a foot over Steve's leg. "Don't stop now."
"Yeah, sorry about that. I'll be going now," Steve said.
That was what kept Steve coming back to Tony, even though he had his reservations about the relationship itself: there was a thrill to it that had remained after over a year of time spent together. The sex was always great, and doing it in different frames kept it novel. It was something of a kink for both of them, one most people wouldn't be into. On top of that, there was always the furtive nature of the affair, the risk that someone might catch sight of them together and share a video clip with the world. In fact that had already happened a few times, but with Steve's ever changing appearance, people hadn't known he was the same person all along and were left guessing who Tony's latest conquest might be.
It was like some antique myth. Steve could have what he wanted, as long as he didn't look. He hoped against hope that one day he could yet see Iron Man's face, but today, he wasn't about to press the matter. "I won't," he said solemnly.
Maybe he could rest a bit.
Looking down into the next valley and the hills beyond, Steve still doesn't see any sign of a single living soul. He descends the slope all the way to the valley floor and turns around in a full circle, scanning the surroundings. He doesn't think Tony's shout could've carried much further than this, but the landscape is as still as ever.
"Speaking of Jarvis—morning, J," Tony called out. "What time is it?"
"My anti-aging cream provider would beg to differ," Tony joked, and went to fetch the leg braces so they could start setting them up.
"We found the cave, eventually, just where the notes we were following said it would be. The previous explorers hadn't gotten very far in, because it was a labyrinth filled with puzzles and booby traps. As it happens, I've always been good at working my way around those. We avoided the falling boulders and bottomless pits and the descending blades, and finally, deep inside the mountain, we found it."
"Of course. We can talk about the details of the job tomorrow morning, once you've had time to settle in. I've got some appointments in the afternoon, and I'd like you to accompany me. For now, I've got a floor set up for you. Pepper?" Tony called out.
It took him a while to realize he was still staring at the phone, and he could just ask.
Even if his first instinct would've been to rush to help Tony, he knew the Kingpin wanted Tony alive. Maya, on the other hand, had a weight on her ankle pulling her down, and was going to drown unless someone helped her. Even if she had been collaborating with the mob and lying to everyone over and over again, she didn't deserve that.
So, Steve went home and spent his night sleeping fitfully and going through variations of the upcoming conversation with Tony in his mind. Half of them ended up in flames, the other half in fiery moments of passion. Unfortunately, the first was by far the more likely outcome.
Tony's other personal assistant, Natalie Rushman, showed up half a minute later. She was also a pretty redhead. Maybe Tony had a type, these years. One that definitely wasn't anything like Steve. She took Steve to the apartment set up for him. Tony hadn't exaggerated when he'd called it a floor: it really was the entire 194th, far higher than any place Steve had ever lived in. She offered to take Steve around the place, but he assured her he'd rather be on his own. After double-checking that there wasn't anything else he might need, she left.
Tony pinches the bridge of his nose. Obie's not wrong, of course. One thing Tony's always liked about him is that he won't try to sugarcoat the bad news. "I've got ideas. Good ones. Advanced AIs, communications tech, medical tech, stuff like that. I just need a little longer to piece my life back together, okay? I'm working on it. I promise."
"Just him. We didn't know about the dinosaurs," Steve said. "It's good that you helped all of them escape."
Things could be a lot worse, he notes to himself once again.
"I was going to run away and let him deal with it himself," Steve admitted. He wasn't overly fond of the idea that he'd have to go back, and even less so of the resistance thinking that he could play the role of some romantic hero who broke Tony out of his shell.
"Are you okay?" Pepper asked, her eyes wide.
He can feel a headache building up, probably due to the lack of sleep, lack of food, and lack of caffeine.
"I've got a question for you, too, if you don't mind," Steve said.
He wouldn't have a lot of time, so he only considered for a few seconds before going for it. As noiselessly as he could, he moved to the edge of the bed to pick up Tony's coveralls from where they'd ended up last night, bunched up on the floor. He'd noticed three pockets yesterday: one at the breast, two at the waist. He quickly checked each of them. He found nothing unexpected: a wallet with a rather disturbing amount of cash, a bunch of keys, and a big, fancy Swiss Army knife.
It seemed like another wordless message to Steve. "You want me to show you? Tell you how I like it?" he checked.
At some point, he passed out on the couch.
He bided his time, waiting for a suitable moment. He got one sooner than he'd been expecting: the procession stopped to puzzle out how to get around a thick tree trunk that had fallen down to block their path. As soon as he saw that his guardian's eyes weren't on him, he took off, dashing into the thick undergrowth around them.
"I didn't," Tony said, with some regret in his voice. "I didn't know if I was guilty or not. All I knew was that it wasn't safe for anyone to be around me. I thought it would be better for me to stay away until I could understand what was going on."
He'd never been this trapped in his life. He couldn't go on like this. He had to get away.
"There's no reason you have to deal with it alone, though," Steve pointed out. "And I'm not talking about myself. You have friends, people who care about you. You didn't even tell them what was going on, did you?"
Bucky woke a few more times after that, or maybe it was many more. He couldn't keep track, and they were all the same, full of agony and confusion. Still, there was always a next time, and often it wasn't as bad as the previous one. He was getting better.
Steve stood up, brushing dirt off his costume, stretching his cold-stiff limbs. "I didn't want to leave before at least getting the chance to tell you how sorry I am."
His pack is awfully heavy. He doesn't really need it anymore, does he?
"No! I'm not going back!" Steve shouted at her, and took off at full speed in the opposite direction.
Of course, he would've read that part of the specs with extra care. "That's what the manual said," Steve confirmed.
"You know how rare these couples are, right? They probably had to comb through the entire population of California just to find these people," Howard pointed out defensively.
Bucky couldn't deny that some of the actions of his fellow resistance members made him uneasy, and he didn't agree with the way they chose to treat any of their prisoners, human or dinosaur. Still, if they were telling the truth, Stark's dinosaur masters were even worse.
Steve had thought about this, too, and he'd reached a different conclusion. "I have a better idea. You could come back home with me, instead."
"Is this safe? He can't use that message to trace us here, can he?" Steve had to check.
"Hi, Cap. I've been having these feelings about you. It's really weird. I'm guessing you don't have them. Can I get some of your DNA to do some science and maybe figure it out?"
"There's a lot of that going around today," Steve noted, casting a glance over his shoulder, where Bucky was standing nearby, looking like he wasn't sure if he should be there or not.
"You going somewhere?" Steve asked.
If there was anyone who understood that lack of physical strength didn't equal weakness, it would be Tony. After all, even if he was better at hiding it than Steve, Tony had his share of serious health troubles to handle.
The next joking comment Steve had been formulating turned into just a moan when Tony's lips closed around his tip. Tony's hand returned to playing with Steve's balls, as well, another delicious sensation, both of them all new for him in this frame. Not that he had enough focus left to try to compare this to any of his previous ones; he was way too close, with no room for thought beyond how good this felt and how badly he needed more. He placed his hand on Tony's head, more of a caress to encourage him than anything too demanding.
"Which we're not going to be able to lose until you deal with the tracker," Rhodey said.
Tony was wearing coveralls, like a mechanic, and a flat cap that shaded his eyes. There was even a grease stain on one cheek to complete the picture. He definitely wouldn't have been able to enter any respectable establishment dressed as he was, but here, no one seemed to care. The disguise—which it clearly had to be, Steve thought—might've thrown off anyone who'd never seen Tony Stark up close, but there was no mistaking that it was him. Steve wouldn't fail to recognize those handsome features that'd made such an impression on him earlier.
The Mayor listened to him with a thoughtful expression, only interrupting briefly when she wanted more details. Once he was finished, she studied him a moment longer before speaking up. "James, if you have any doubts about your ability to handle your duties, you should tell me."
Sam had stood up as well, to walk around the table so he could place a placating hand on Steve's arm. "Unfortunately, we don't have those telephones of yours here. News travels through many routes, but most are not as fast as what you're used to."
The blue eyes grew wider as they met Steve's, the man's lips curling into a smile as he accepted Steve's assistance. "Captain America! There's a face I wasn't expecting!"
Out of curiosity, he asked Ultron about Tony for a change; about the difficult times that Natasha had mentioned and the losses he'd suffered. As unpleasant as Ultron was, he still obeyed direct requests like this, and provided Steve with the relevant media coverage to browse through.
"It would be the start of an intellectual property rights nightmare," Tony returns, pulling the lapels of his bathrobe closer together to cover the reactor.
Randall opened the door that Steve had spotted earlier and led him to a larger room beyond. The light was brighter there, and its source was only the ceiling; the walls were simply a pale matte blue. Inset in one wall was a drinks dispenser, and next to it, a table had been laid out with enough food to feed an entire family on the street levels, with piles of fruits and bread and meats that Steve suspected were not lab-grown, but originated from actual live animals.
"Hopefully," Steve murmured into Tony's hair.
If only he'd stepped in and offered his help earlier. Things could've been very different. The way they were now, he was afraid he'd been too late; it was obvious that Stark was at death's door.
"Is this about the mission?" he asked. His deep voice sounded far steadier than he felt.
my bed, after all," Tony said. He lay down next to Steve, curling up against Steve's side, his head on the pillow next to Steve's, not quite touching. He kept his hands to himself, folding his arms between them.
"I bet those didn't come with as many bruises," Stark commented sourly. "And you are?"
"Hey! It's not nonsense!" Howard complained. "They're using perfectly valid scientific methods. You can't put all basic research on hold because of the war, or we'll regress back to the Dark Ages. Anyway, isn't this what we're fighting for? We need the world to be peaceful and safe again, so we can go home and be with the people we love. Maybe have a chance of finding those soulmates."
"Hot damn," Tony breathed. "You sure they didn't accidentally put you in a sex bot? That's, I'd call that excessive for your line of work."
“He’s fine. I’m still waiting for the latest blood work for the both of you, but I think you’re in the clear," Bruce answered, his posture relaxing slightly, lips turning to a cautious smile. "How do you feel?”
"On higher ground, maybe," Tapio says thoughtfully. "I will see what I can do." He starts reeling in his fishing line.
He rolled onto his side and placed his arm across Tony's chest. "I find that hard to believe. You don't seem like a bad man."
They'd been at it for hours. Whatever it was that made Tony run as hot as he did, it also seemed to give him stamina to match Steve's. He hadn't thought he'd ever come across someone like that. It had been incredible. Thinking back to it, it felt unreal, making him wonder if it might've just been a vivid dream, after all.
There was no quick answer this time. Instead, there was no answer at all, although he waited for five minutes, then ten, and fifteen.
The young people around him were the closest thing to friends that he had, but their background was so utterly different from his that he doubted they'd ever truly understand him.
He skirted past an antique ground scooter, its rider swearing at him, and took a sharp turn to a narrow alley to the left. It soon brought him to another larger street with very few people in sight. Just as he was about to head along it towards the north, a plasma bolt coming from behind hit the pavement at his feet, making him jump. Certain that Ultron had finally found him, he turned around, his blaster raised.
Not that Steve hadn't felt bad, anyway. He had plenty of regrets. If they really were soulmates—if he could go back and do things differently—but he couldn't. It was useless to think about what he hadn't done, because he couldn't change it. He'd just have to work with what he'd got.
"I missed you," Steve told him. "Are you okay?"
"Even better. Let's give her a call."
Of course, because everything about this damn situation sucks, it turns out there's nothing worth mentioning in the next valley. Rocks and grass. A few birds. No hut.
"They're SHIELD files directly related to me! I was there!" Steve argued. "Surely I've got the right to look at them."
He realized that he finally, actually felt ready to do this, to face whatever would follow, because there was nothing else left.
Steve hadn't even noticed Rhodey. Briefly lifting his gaze from Tony, he saw that there were others gathered around them: Pepper was there, too, and a gaunt
Tony's hand stopped still, his eyes fixed on Steve's. "If you're capable of giving one."
"I want to talk to him," Steve said.
"I won't be long," he promises to Tony's still form, and leaves the hut to look for Tapio.
Tony's hand lingered on Steve's shoulder as he sat back, then traveled to his cheek, his thumb brushing over Steve's lower lip. "Are you suggesting we move on to the frame test-driving, now?"
Tony had flirted with him, now that he thought of it, but flirting was something Tony did a lot, with everyone around him. Steve had always felt a touch of excitement at it. He'd just never thought it was particularly meaningful.
"They wanted to come," Jarvis explained as they climbed the stairs up to their floor. "I told them no. I know Tony wouldn't want them to. It's too dangerous. The Northerners hate dinosaurs and wouldn't hesitate to hurt them."
"They became SHIELD," Fury said, very serious now.
"Very good," Tony said. He bent lower to press a kiss against Steve's lips, his cock brushing against Steve's stomach. It was a kiss that felt methodical, and very thorough: Tony started with a soft, close-mouthed touch, then opened up, sucking their lips close together, and following with tongue, exploring, meeting Steve's from different angles as if mapping its shape and texture.
Steve's shoulders shift in a gesture that looks a whole lot like a shudder of discomfort. "Then they'll deactivate me and put me back in the storage box I came from."
Steve didn't want him to go. Their shared trip across Dinotopia had been perfect, almost dream-like, with new wonders to discover every day, and the man he had fallen in love with by his side. Starting off from Tony's house close to Volcaneum on the west coast of the island, they had traveled through the Hadro Swamps, listening to the duck-billed dinosaurs' hoots in the dusk, to the fairy-tale magnificence of Waterfall City. They'd followed the waters of the Polongo river down to Sauropolis, the capital, with its bustling streets full of both humans and dinosaurs, and visited many picturesque small villages in the foothills of the Forbidden Mountains.
"I don't know what he's up to, but I'm sure it's not good," Rhodes went on. "He's been having a hard time dealing with all this. No matter what he says, the soulmate stuff actually means a lot to him. So. You're really not my favorite person and I know you don't give a damn about what happens to Tony, but you—"
Tony got up on one elbow, raising his head to look at Steve. His face was flushed, his eyes a little dazed. "Not really, but I think that's about enough for now. Still got the most important trial run to do."
"I always thought it was hogwash," Steve said, shaking his head and crossing his arms. Hearing it from Fury, who was no-nonsense about everything, somehow made it seem more tangible than the dozens of websites and the handful of scientific texts he'd read.
"I will need to go pretty soon," Steve adds. "The nurse said you'll have more visitors, from back home, and I can't be here when they show up."
"Whoa, aren't you moving fast," Kamski begins, but then falls silent, his mouth still open, his eyes fixed on Tony's chest. "Huh. You're full of surprises today."
"I told you I'm a mess," Tony muttered between quiet sobs.
Trust Tony to say out loud the word that Steve had been avoiding even in his thoughts. “No. We didn’t,” Steve said firmly.
It was kind of amazing, really, but Tony felt okay talking about that, too. Maybe it was because he was sick and probably on lots of drugs—not to mention that he'd just re-evaluated a whole lot of life choices he'd made, and realized how dumb they had been. It just didn't seem so important anymore, clinging to all the resentment, especially when he'd always known he'd forgive Steve sooner or later.
He looked up, trying to blink away the tears brought on by the chilly wind, making his bleary vision worse. They were in a car, and the speaker was leaning towards Steve from the driver's seat. For a brief moment, Steve thought he was facing Nick Fury, but this man had hair, and both his eyes seemed natural, not mismatched like Fury's.
"Oh, no. You're categorically banned from levels below the fiftieth in all of New York," Ultron announced.
"Aren't you skipping ahead a little? What about the conversation that we never finished?" Steve said. He wanted nothing more than to bridge the nearly non-existent gap between their lips, but he also thought they should be absolutely clear on what they were doing, and that they were on the same page.
"So, are we agreed that I'm not working for whoever you're worried about?" Steve checked as they pulled apart.
Steve was definitely starting to feel the intensity of the scene, with Tony's gorgeous new frame right in front of him, waiting to be touched. He felt his cock straining against his pants, but he could wait.
Well, as long as it didn't land him back in storage—and Steve didn't think some minor damage to a cab would. He wasn't going to stop and worry about that.
That would definitely complicate things. "So, whatever we do, it can't draw too much attention to Stane and Stark Tower, and we have to make sure he doesn't call SHIELD for assistance," Steve summarized.
The drones had reached Steve's sides. One of them had pincers at the ends of its arms instead of cannons, and it closed them around Steve's biceps. The other merely pointed a cannon at Steve's face. Steve tried to squirm in the hold, but it was like fighting solid rock. He was no match to a drone's strength in an organic frame, no matter how enhanced.
Not that Steve was currently being a beacon of morality, himself. He should back off and push Tony away. Whichever way he considered the situation, it was all wrong. If he told himself he was doing this just because he was fascinated by Tony and wanted to learn more about him, he was being unprofessional. If he claimed it was to gain information from Tony because of the case, well, that was a seriously unethical way to conduct the investigation.
Tony eyed it with distaste, but eventually pulled it on with a resigned huff. "If it's the price I have to pay to ride this beauty, so be it. I'm amazed they let you fly this thing at all. Probably breaks every modern safety regulation."
"That's just a reaction," Pepper said soothingly. "You'll feel more rational about it once you get used to the idea."
"Well, if that's what he does, we're going to take the bait," Steve said. Even if it would be meant as a trap, they'd have to. He wasn't going to abandon Tony to protect his own skin.
"And how far would that be?" Steve asks.
Steve woke up to an extremely familiar feeling of warmth and numbness, his limbs heavy and itchy, like a memory of pins and needles.
"Okay, that's fine. You can go, then." Tony waved a dismissive hand at her. "So, Steve. Let's take a seat. Do you want anything? A drink, a snack? You must still be feeling that transfer."
Several men started firing at Tony, but they seemed hesitant, probably because of how intimidating Tony looked. The smoke and the heat haze in the air didn't make aiming easy for them, either. Still, one of the shots caught Tony in the thigh, and another grazed his side. He staggered backwards and into a wall, then fell onto one knee. He was still glaring at the mobsters with those uncanny red eyes, and the flames only seemed to grow more intense around him, licking the wall of the warehouse behind him. A window broke with a crash, shards of glass raining down.
Tony had been taking a sip of coffee, and put his cup down with a clunk, giving Steve an exasperated look. "No, I could do it without the download process, even though timing it with the data traffic between the clinic and the storage facility will help mask what we're doing. That's not the issue. If you can come up with a way to kidnap Obie in his current clone within the next couple of days without anyone noticing, sure. Let us know."
He caught Tony's lower lip between his, and then shifted downwards, pressing kisses on the soft, smooth skin of Tony's chin. Tony let go of his head so Steve could continue his path, his lips trailing along Tony's jawline, down his neck, between his collarbones. Steve brought his hands in as well, his fingers framing the path of his mouth, with just the lightest touches on Tony's shoulders, down his arms.
While the Mayor's voice and expression were growing colder. "Perhaps for men like yourself who have sold their souls and serve the beasts."
Steve gasped, and may have let out an undignified whimper that no one would ever have believed Captain America could make.
“Not yet. JARVIS said you need medical attention. I’ll make sure you get that,” Steve said firmly.
The frown is starting to dissipate from Steve's brow. "Then you didn't kill him," he says, like that settles the whole matter.
"I am the engineer here, so that's a yes. Is that going to be a problem for you? In that big dominant frame of yours?" Tony asked back, and got on the bed on his hands and knees, settling above Steve, face right above his.
Against his better judgement, Steve crossed the living room again and went into the master suite.
“If I still lived in the tower, I would,” Bruce replied with a yawn. “But I’m not getting out of bed and driving across town to tell you the same thing I can tell you over the phone.”
“Decent,” Friday replied. “Without audio, better than decent.”
“You’re my new fake boyfriend, not my future husband,” Tony said nonchalantly as he shrugged back into his shirt. “Don’t get any ideas.”
“I got blood drawn,” Steve lied.
His fingers started moving before he even knew what he was doing. His brain had found a solution faster than his thoughts could catch up.
As if to keep up the air of mystery, Blaine almost always hid his hair underneath his trademark black beanie.
Steve rolled his eyes. “You’re kidding me.”
“Peter…”
Tony was busy sifting through the day’s headlines on his Starkpad when he heard Clint call out to him. He paused, lifting his brows but not turning his eyes from the screen. What the hell was Bruce doing getting a story about a socioeconomics summit without telling him? He could have gone, brought Steve along for their first trip together.
Steve laughed, washing off the blade again. “Peter, you just talked yesterday. Why would you think he wouldn’t remember you?”
Steve watched the moon with the sound of crashing waves all around him, and for a moment, everything was normal. This was a welcome vacation from the hell he’d created for himself by marrying the man he loved—the man who no longer loved him. The man who lay beside him on a goddamn beach on a goddamn island that wasn’t supposed to exist. But aliens weren’t supposed to exist either, so Steve could hardly be surprised.
Tony had wheezed.
Rhodey frowned at that. “He really likes you, Tony. You don’t have to blow this up.”
“What now?” he snapped.  Discomfort was starting to set in.
“Well, hopefully it kicks in soon.”
Steve was a good sport. Tony didn’t think he’d ever seen him be so compliant about anything before, even when they had actually been together. He always had a smile, always had something good to say. When photographers bombarded him during his pre-dawn run, all of the photographs showed Steve all sheepish and grinning. Even declining to comment made him front page news with that goddamn perfect facial structure.
Tony knew he only doted on Peter because he loved him so much. Even Steve knew it was because he needed a connection, he craved a relationship with his baby that would be equal to Tony’s.
As Tony entered the hallway restroom, Francine opened a panel in the wall, producing workout clothes. Meanwhile, Tony raised the volume on his feed.
There was a pause and Steve squeezed his eyes shut, trying to rid his mind of this moment. Peter was absolutely right. He had left. He had left and expected his broken family to still allow him to inhabit the same space he used to.
Steve cleared his throat.
The door flew open and Steve slapped a hand over his face to try and somehow hide himself from…Tony. No, no, no. No, no, no,
“Captain,” Tony called to announce his arrival. “Popping by for a visit.”
Tony ordered his drink (one for Jackson too), and tipped the barista a twenty. She hurried off to get his drinks with a smile.
He missed the vacations before the divorce. The one where Peter came charging into their bedroom and jumped on the bed, waking them both up and screeching about how it was time to get up so they could go to the little park by the lake or to the ice cream shop or to the shops.
“You ever need anything, you just call me, got it? I’m up all the time. Only person that ever calls is you,” Bucky murmured, carefully sliding his hand up Steve’s back to thumb at the base of his neck, in the same manner that someone put a hand on a horse’s rump to ensure they didn’t get kicked as they walked around it.
He realized he’d called Steve darling and hadn’t been yelled at, but it was late. Early morning hours allowed a lot of things to happen that shouldn’t.
Steve’s lips twitched into a smile. “Well, Clint wanted to clear it with you first. That’s a good thing, means he really believes it.”
“Well, look at that,” he said instead of asking if he was a bad father.
In the scheme of things, a lifetime wasn’t all that long to suffer through.
He wasn’t anywhere close to getting the hang of it, but his very expensive transition counselor, Dr. Roberts,  often reminded him that even his worst days as a father were lightyears better than the treatment his daughter had suffered in her previous home. Tony didn’t dig too deep into what had happened to her—that had been part of his selection process. He didn’t want to pick a kid because of their story—every kid deserved a home, even the ones who hadn’t been through horrific trauma.
But it still hurt. It hurt so damn bad.
Mary Jane cleared her throat. Peter whispered something to her, but she shook her head. “Oh, they aren’t coming. I probably should have mentioned that earlier, huh?”
But he would miss this place, though he felt like he shouldn’t.
Steve moved to stand, but Blaine’s elbow caught him in the sternum with a thud.
“Night.”
“If you say anything, Steve, I swear to God I will hit you with my purse,” Pepper whispered.
“Who fucks you.”
“I ruined his life. I ruined Tony’s life. I fucked up our whole family because I wanted attention.”
Steve sighed, suddenly feeling empty again. God, he needed to sleep. “There. I—“
Not-Tony snorted, closing his eyes. “Thirty-two. Why, do I look older?”
“Which part, the having to save your ass or the getting arrested part?”
“What, I don’t get to greet the happy couple?” he asked jokingly. She knew full well it wasn’t a joke.
It was Not-Tony’s turn to look confused. But the expression wasn’t long on his face before it was replaced with a knowing calm. “Ah. My mistake. That was what I was told.”
Peter nodded once to himself, as though he found a new sense of courage. “And we don’t do anything anyway. He just…he hovers. It’s constant. He won’t leave me alone. If it were up to him, we’d sit around and paint all day.”
“Yes?” Vision asked as he turned, surprised.
Not-Tony laughed, and it made Steve jump to hear such a familiar sound from someone he didn’t know at all. His chest twinged, and the worry in his gut started to gnaw there. He wanted to be back in his apartment, he wanted to call—
“You wish,” Tony shot back. He patted Steve on the shoulder as he passed. “On second thought, I’ll pass on the coffee. Let’s see how this goes, and what to do.”
Steve gripped it, and hauled himself to his feet.
Tony didn’t lift his hand right away. “This already sounds ridiculously stupid in my head so I’m sure it’ll sound even worse saying it out loud, but do want, like, a hug or something?”
“Still don’t see why that’s a problem,” Tony said cautiously. Steve going on mission wasn’t exactly ideal, but they’d discussed this before. They would make it through and everything would be fine. Actually, it would be better than fine—it would give him time to put together the plans for adopting his kid without worrying about Steve stepping in on things.
He flopped his hand over toward a rifle in the snow. A lot of it was dark red.
“But you didn’t lose—“
Blaine nodded, leaning closer out of habit before slipping the needle into Steve’s arm.
Two weeks until Tokyo. Two weeks until he could finally throw away the gold band on his finger that had destroyed his life.
Tony pulled off, then ran his tongue over the mark in a way that made him shiver. “Want me to what, Steve?”
Steve let him go, but Tony didn’t roll away. Instead he crawled closer, this time resting his head on Steve’s arm. Steve didn’t have to see his face to know Tony was thinking; there was a special kind of silence that came when Tony was deep in thought.
“Is it alcoholic or not?” Tony snapped, stepping forward.
“Look at this place. Jersey’s a hellhole.” He gestured toward a balding man lumbering from his minivan and toward the door, three little girls flanking him, one with a firm grip on her sister’s hair.
“Steve!”
Usually the circling lasted for a solid minute, but Blaine wasn’t in the mood, it seemed.
His eyes were dead set on the glowing white “A” on the far corner of the main building.
His blanket puddled around his feet as  he peered into the empty workout rooms, but he saw no bags or equipment that suggested a visitor had come to train here.
He couldn’t see the connection between them and the carrier.
His nose filled with the smell of damp summer grass, his ears with chittering cicadas and the low groans of bullfrogs. His whole body was wet and hidden in the earth, spread and sinking into the mud. The mask was tight at his cheeks, but comforting as he rested his face against his weapon and peered down the sight.
Tony snapped his fingers in front of Natasha’s face, yelping as she reached up and smacked his arm.
“Thor,” Steve said quietly.
“That’s for
?” Bucky interrupted, looking back and forth between the two men, “Did neither of you think this was important enough to share with the whole class?”
, his mind supplied.
Steve raised an eyebrow at that, tucking his hands under his armpits.
“He…Steve. Want Steve,” Tony slurred, suddenly feeling a lot older and a lot more tired as Bucky shifted him around on the bed, “Kid. Kid want Steve. Needs to be watched.”
“He knows Peter! They could have both turned feral over him!”
“Spare us. It is already bad enough that we walk in on you two all the time, we do not wish to hear about the exploits we do not see,” He said with a shudder.
“How is he?” Natasha asked, going to stand next to the other Warlords.
“This is going to be a dangerous operation. Nick and Maria aren’t very happy that we’re undertaking it without SHIELD backup,” She said, swallowing half of the scalding drink in one go, “I think we should bring them in, but I know how you feel about Nick getting close to this.”
“Oh, we’ll all get a turn. I’d love to let Bruce loose on him,” Steve said, smiling a bit at the thought.
“Pull-ups are in the top drawer! And give him a sponge bath, not a full one!” Tony called.
Tony nodded and tried to sit up, grateful that Bruce stepped in to help resettle him.
He turned to look at the forest line, biting his lip nervously. It wasn’t like Steve to not at least check in with him when these sorts of things happened—was he that angry with him?
The market came to a standstill at the loud shout, all noise turning to a deafening silence. Tony froze and flinched on instinct, only to breathe when he realized it was only Steve. He rushed toward where he thought the shout had come from and found the frazzled Alpha, feeling a bit of shame at having caused him to worry.
“Alright, little caterpillar, let’s get you up here,” he decided selfishly, using one arm to heft the lightweight child up onto the bed.
. Fitting for you, little man,” Tony teased, kissing PJ’s cheek, “Alright. In the light of the moon, a little egg lay on a leaf. See? That’s the moon, that’s the egg, and that’s the leaf. What’s the color of the leaf?”
Hearing footsteps now, Tony decided to fuck it, and started to sprint, calculating the distance from his position to not only the Tower, but the radius from it with which JARVIS could detect his position even without his watch—
“Please,” Steve begged, “I want it, I want your cock, however you will let me have it--”
introduced me to your tiny spawn.”
Tony sighed happily and stole a few more kisses, relishing in the warmth that pooled in his gut. He desperately wanted to have Steve now, but he wanted to get locked in, which meant waiting for a longer stretch of time to be together.
“Thor asked if—if guys can get pregnant through the b-butt,” Steve mumbled, making a face at his word choice.
Slowly, Tony laid Peter down on the bed and unbundled him, unable to help tickling the babe’s stomach before wriggling him into the undergarment and dress. Before he could stop him, Peter had grabbed up the hem and stuffed it into his mouth, giggling and kicking his legs as he looked up at Tony.
“Fuck, s’hot,” Tony groaned, attempting to thrust his hips up faster than Steve’s slow strokes, “C’mon, I need it, I need
“His heart’s fine. I think he passed out because he’s so weak, Tony,” he explained, letting Tony re-zip the boy’s hoodie back up, “It wouldn’t be surprising if he’s not ready for activity like that yet. He’s not only been through a lot mentally, but physically as well. He needs time…and patience. He’s going to have copious amounts of energy, but you need to
PJ’s eyes went wide as he nodded and whimpered, tucking his legs up to his chest. New tears rolled down his puffy cheeks, and he hurriedly wiped them away, as if to hide them from Tony. Feeling his heart break, Tony itched to reach forward again, instead settling to put his hand out again.
“You can come too, if you’d like. But I can handle him,” He said slowly, expecting a fight, “Nightmares aren’t exactly uncommon in this household.”
PJ nodded and stuck his hand out, grabbing hold of Tony’s hand as they walked out of the bathroom. Tony gently squeezed his hand back as thanks, letting the boy lead him—and by default, Steve—out to the kitchen. With a soft
freaked out, so…that’s been about the past two hours,” Tony murmured, “Steve’s...not doing great. I kinda finally realized he’s been avoiding me ‘cause he likes me, so there’s that development. Ah, other than that, pretty good.”
He watched Steve’s lips tighten into a line, but the other didn’t make a comment. Suddenly feeling a bit awkward after lying there for nearly a half hour, Tony moved to climb back out of the bed, intent on moving PJ back to his bed. At the slight bit of movement, the babe’s eyes snapped open and he immediately started to whimper, sitting up as he looked at Tony.
“I’m not done with you all yet, so no, I’m here as War Machine until further notice,” Rhodey replied, clapping a hand on Steve’s shoulder to keep the Captain seated as the others moved to leave, “I figured you’d want some help, and you never
“Come on, you two. Standing out here in the chill will only get you sick again.”
Steve awkwardly gestured, making a pained sound at Tony’s knowing smirk.
“Not at all,” Steve answered softly, “But I know you two are very important to me, and I wouldn’t give you guys up for anything. Heck, we’ve barely had PJ for a few days and I already feel that way.”
you.”
“Steve could have gone feral again and your solution was to
“Alright. Plans. Let’s hear them.”
, especially since they were in a public area where anyone could walk in and see him spread out. Thankfully, the examination was quick and his pants were returned to their place, but even Steve helping him up and fixing his clothes did nothing to alleviate his shame and anger. In fact, as soon as he was upright and resituated, Tony moved around Steve and limped back to their room, growling any time the Prime tried to get close to help.
Now it was his turn to blush. Peter paid no mind to the conversation happening and tucked his face into Tony’s neck, easily falling asleep in his daddy’s warm arms. Tony was glad for it; a sleeping baby was much easier to deal with than an awake baby, and he was going to need his concentration for the day’s lesson.
“I love you, Tony Stark,” he said honestly with a snuffle, “And—and even if I wasn’t there then, I’m so glad that you had Cap to help you, protect you and keep you safe. God, I’ve never been so thankful for Howard’s obsession seeping into you, though it’s probably the only thing I’ll ever thank the man for—well, and for starting the program to wake me up so I could meet you and fall in love with you, but off paper this time.”
“Right. I don’t think he would purposefully do it, but I know that with nightmares, it’s possible that he could subconsciously feel trapped and may try to use his strength,” Tony murmured, feeding PJ the last of the chicken and setting the plate aside, “So I think the rotation should stay between us three, and possibly Thor, if he’s on-world.”
Sam merely sighed and shook his head, shoving his hands in his pockets.
PJ gave Tony a wary look, and with a small huff, let Steve pick him up. He gave a sad wave as he was carried off, causing the other to bite his lip to keep from smiling too wide. Tony turned back to his food, realizing how hungry he was as he started to chow down. Even after one sandwich was done, he stood from the table and went over to the kitchen counter, making himself a second sandwich to eat. He’d just cut the crusts off of the sandwich when familiar footsteps came into the kitchen stopping just behind him.
He expected Steve to retire as he had, but instead the Alpha blew out the candles except for the one above his drafting desk and sat down there, still completely nude. He reorganized the multitude of papers he had spread about and pulled out a large piece of parchment to work on. Tony watched him carefully dip a quill into a jar of ink and scratch on the parchment, his tongue bit between his teeth as he worked. Whatever he was doing, it must have been important, for the space between his brows was scrunched together in thought.
“Pete, no,” Tony scolded lightly, sitting down so he could peel the baby’s hands away from Steve’s finger, “We need to get you something to chew on, my love. Hands are not supposed to be in mouths.”
“Tony. He is a baby. He would cry and wail whether it be in your arms or Sam’s,” Steve said, “Plus, you would have to leave him be eventually. We want to have our own room, right?”
Clint nodded and stepped away, leaving them to their privacy. Steve made a wounded noise and leaned down to nose at Tony’s neck, still distressed from his scent.
“Is murder still illegal?” Natasha asked, hopping off as well.
“We didn’t think you were going to make it. Split your head wide open, ribs were a mess—turns out it was just old breaks breaking again, but we didn’t know that. Someone forgot to mention things were still bad in the Stark household,” He said, staring at Tony, “Blood was everywhere. They put you in a medical coma. I thought I’d seen everything, but I’d never seen Thor cry, man. We really—we thought—”
Tony gently prodded PJ, peeling the child away from his side. The babe huffed, but turned his mismatched gaze up to Rhodey, blinking up at him with some hesitation.
“Full,” Tony said, pushing the plate over to Steve, “You eat the rest. I do not think I could eat another bite, lest I risk ripping my new clothes.”
“Your friend seems to be fitting in,” Bruce said quietly, earning a laugh from Tony, “I am sure he and Bucky will get along.”
Tony looked at the two settled pairs and slowly turned, making eye contact with Steve. They moved to their own pair of chairs, settling a little uncomfortably.
After a second or two of silent staring, Tony nodded and sat up fully, turning his attention back to Peter. He petted the babe’s hair and tried to ease him away, cooing over him as he put him up on his shoulder to pat his back.
“Oh, brother,” Bruce sighed, thankful that JARVIS then announced their descent into Avengers Tower.
“Now now. If I do not bring you, James will retrieve you himself, and you know he will drag you kicking and screaming.”
Stopping himself mid-sentence, Steve was sure he about passed out, but a beaming grin found its way to his face anyway.
If he
Only Natasha and the prisoner were in the room. It was a bedroom, but the prisoner was tied to the desk chair, the burlap sack still over his head. Natasha barely blinked at them coming in and lightly kicked a leg of the chair.
“Did you get him to sleep?” He asked.
Tony peeked open an eye to see Steve standing in the bathroom doorway, hands wrung nervously in front of his chest. He could feel the worry pulsing in their bond, causing his own heart to beat faster.
“When he comes home, I will discuss it with him. I will not bond with somebody who is actively chasing a warrior’s end,” Tony promised, “It is not fair to me or to Peter to ask for a bond and then go out and die.”
“I should have killed you when I had the chance,” Steve snarled back, overtop of Thor and Clint’s rapid translating, “He could have said no if he wanted to--”
Tony laughed quietly and tucked him back into his neck, kissing his cheek for good measure. He felt good, and the bond felt good, thrumming with happy energy. Things had finally evened out and he could rest easy, but then three knocks had to go and sound on the door.
It was hell. There were few HYDRA survivors they managed to capture, and even those few somehow managed to get cyanide pills into their mouths. On the intel side, the mission was a catastrophic failure, and Steve knew Natasha was going to get flak from Fury for it. However, he knew what he’d seen, and with Tony’s help, they’d probably be able to construct a good enough build of the base for data retention.
“Something like that.”
“They want to interview you, is that okay?” Peter asked. “I mean, I told them it would probably be okay, but I didn’t confirm anything. The beginning of it is going to be about my family life and stuff. Growing up and everything.”
“I’ll order us something to eat. I’ll be back in five, yeah? If that,” Blaine said.
“Dad—“
“Sorry, boy,” Kissum said, ruffling the dog’s ears. “There’s plenty of kozels where these two came from. Next time, buddy.”
But the stuffed snail made Steve’s stomach drop.  It was plush, but clearly well loved. It was a kid’s toy—or had been one long ago, a least. But now it was slightly singed in some places, stained in others, and had crusted pasta sauce on parts of its body that hadn’t come out in many washes.
“Good,” Steve muttered. “At least I know you’re not gonna try to kiss me.”
“Which—why? Did he say why he did that?”
Nikolai’s tail wagged once then stilled.
“You know what’s best for you,” Iron Man said. He was still just hovering there, not helping the team and instead talking to him about his stupid personal problems again. “I think this is the right choice.”
Close enough.
Vision shook his head. “It’s not. But—”
“Be careful,” Steve warned, reaching out. “There’s glass all over by your feet.”
Steve nodded and readied his sniper, centering his sight on the dog’s chest.
Morning came with the sound of chopper blades.
Steve didn’t smile. “We didn’t really lose much in terms of—“
“Want to go there and grab your special drawing?” Steve asked.
“Oh,” Steve said quietly.
When he finally stood to leave, the pastor turned from his conversation with one of the church staff. He waved and smiled, and Steve waved back.
“Oh, those’ll be good,” Steve agreed. “Those are the best. Didn’t have those when I was sick.”
The front door opened to the restaurant and Tony’s eyes snapped up to the figure in the doorway. A man and woman stumbled in, their dopey grins giving away their drunkenness. He looked back down at his napkin that he’d folded and refolded about a hundred times, now creaseless and perfectly flat on the table, every corner square.
“Well,” Jackson said. “Next time you’re over there, just let me know. I love Italy, I have tons of friends there that would happily give you a place to stay for however long you’re visiting.”
They didn’t speak again until they turned into the driveway.
Steve shook his head. “Oh no, I have to go back to New York, actually. Avengers stuff, you know.”
Hearing his voice was like a punch to the face.
Tony wasn’t so sure a potion really ad much to do with him leaving with Steve that night, but he’d let Thor have his win if he was so happy about it.
But those were just the bullet points. Tony let Friday brief him every few hours, and other than that he was purposely out of the loop. He would never admit that it was kind of fun to be in the spotlight for something positive again.
“Just tell me where Tony is,” Steve said quietly. Not-Tony didn’t seem to be displaying any physical evidence of trying to be threatening, but that didn’t mean Steve was going to trust him. “I need to know that he’s okay.”
“No,” he replied curtly.
“If you expect me to say I think Jersey’s great, you’re nuts,” Steve chuckled.
Every time he thought about that, his spine pinched uncomfortably because he had a horrible feeling that Steve had no idea Peter had gotten engaged. It was still quiet from the media, but Tony occasionally checked Peter’s phone records to look for malicious incoming calls and none had been made to Steve’s number in at least a year, unless it had changed.
“You weren’t there,” Steve argued. “Not when I got divorced and not tonight. Peter hates me. More than you did.”
“But you haven’t seen her, Bruce. You haven’t felt how warm she is.”
Bucky’s metal arm whipped toward him, and Tony’s arms shot up to defend himself from what could very well have been a lethal blow.
Though, that was what he seemed to be implying. That Steve was the reason for all of this.
He drew in a breath, and caught no familiar scent of wine, just…fruit. So it was grape juice, then.
“Yeah, I do,” Tony answered matter-of-factly.
“We really did last night, huh,” Tony said, sounding disappointed.
“Want any pasta?” Steve offered. “It’s almost done.”
Please help me -
“I’ll tell you,” Steve promised, his arms winding around Tony’s waist. “I just had to see you first, tell you how I feel.”
When the stairway opened up to the main dance  floor, the crowd cheered. Tony smiled and waved, even as some people looked pointedly at the wine glass. He didn’t care if people thought he was a drunk slob. He was throwing a goddamn party—for free—so they could shove it all up their asses.
He hit the water and went under, but it still felt strange not to feel wet on his face or head at all. His HUD highlighted the fish fleeing from them, and Blaine as he walked across the bottom of the lake toward the house.
Peter charged in, giving Steve a shove. “Shut up and get out of here, so help me God,” he snarled, his voice dropping to a whisper. “Don’t ruin this for Dad. Don’t you fucking dare ruin this for Dad.”
“Like I said, I don’t want you out of my life,” Tony said. ”You’re still my best friend, I just don’t—“
“You’re not the first parent to have a kid with a fever, you know,” Bruce reminded him. “She’s going to be fine, I promise. If it gets worse, you’ll know and you can call me.”
“Fuck you,” Steve said quietly, trying to force malice into his tone. The feedback loop rocketed through his synapses along a track so well-worn Steve was sure he couldn’t veer it off course if he tried.
It was a strange thing to feel his organs drowning inside of him. Drowning from the inside out—that was what was happening. He could see his skin burning away, but couldn’t feel it. There was no pain, just the odd sensations of dying.
Steve shook his head. “Nah. He’s never been so great with crowds.”
“Half a foot. Still close, though.”
Tony and Peter were hidden somewhere out his window, tucked within the landscape of the blue domed rooftops and white stucco of Mykonos. Happy with their lives and loves. Happy without him. Happy to be rid of him.
He released Tony’s hand.
Maria’s father looked up at him.
“Except you,” Tony said.
“Night, Steve,” Tony replied a moment later.
Steve’s brow creased. “You’re taking some too?”
Then silence. Blackness.
As Clint headed off, Tony wracked his brain at what he could possibly be missing. Clearly there was something, or Clint wouldn’t be looking at him like that, talking to him like he was out of the loop.
“That’s what I said,” Steve murmured, thumbing at Tony’s hips. “It won’t be too long, though. It’ll fly by, then I’ll be back and we can figure all of this out.”
Tony nodded, quirking his lips a little.  “If that’s what you want. Crazy monster alien stuff could be a nice upgrade to those War Machine stories.”
“I’m right there with you,” Steve laughed, nuzzling into the sheets.
“Hey, look. “ Boone jutted his chin toward the TV mounted in the corner of the room.
Tony kissed him gently, stopping his speech. “If she changes her mind, we have to go to court. And there’s no way in hell she’s got enough money to beat us, Steve.”
“Spangles.”
“You can definitely send me up there, Cap,” Ant Man replied earnestly.
He really had loved Peggy Carter—with all of his heart—but sometimes he was secretly so relieved he had never gotten the chance to marry her because life with Tony was so much more than he ever thought a marriage could be.
Tony’s lips were on his, quick but slow at the same time. Warm.
He had survived countless operations far more risky. He had a vibranium shield on his back that could deflect bullets and a body that could recover as much as it needed to, so long as a mortar shell didn’t blow him completely apart.
“It’s my fault that I’ve been gone for three years,” Steve said.
“Shut up, Tin Man. I tapped him, calm the fuck down and quit screaming!”
God, he should have gone to the tarmac. He regretted that more and more every day. He should have been there. Just him, no Morgan, told Steve when they got home. He should have been there.
There was a whirring noise, and one of the bricks shimmered for a moment before turning into a small screen.
Suddenly his phone buzzed where he had put it on the table.
Steve let out a tired sigh. “No, I mean back to fighting.”
Something stirred in Tony’s eyes, but he shook his head. “No. Not after the wine.”
“I know,” Tony said softly.
“You have to go to group,” Steve reminded him.
“Steve, I’m sorry. Tony was just so worried that you would say something—“
Bucky gave an innocent shrug. “Maybe. But maybe you’re just my best pal.”
“Tony, wait up.”
Hurt came to Tony’s face, the kind that sent ripples through Steve’s core, try as he might to be left unshaken. Tony had no right to look like he’d been the one to be affected by this. Tony was not the one served papers for what Steve had thought was just a rough spot.
“So, Steve, are you a health nut or something?” Ben poked his fork at Steve’s salad. “No dressing?”
The dog howled, thrashing in Kissum’s hold as it fought to get to the man.
Last time, things had been a dream. That should have been his first cue that it was going to end in a fiery blaze. He’d spend every waking moment obsessed with Steve Rogers. Inspired by him to work harder, and convinced to work smarter with PB&J’s and the occasional distraction. He’d been so swept up in it all that he’d forgotten how dangerous it could be to give someone everything. Just how gruesome the hurt could be that even now, years after the fact, he was closer to throwing up than he was being happy when Steve was offering a real chance to start again.
He tried to reach for his knife or a gun or something, but he couldn’t. The other soldiers were on the way. He just needed to be dead before they got him. He didn’t even want to risk failing the torture and interrogations and fessing up intel. Coward that he was, he would break at some point. And if they ever figured out his true identity, Tony and Peter would be at risk.
“Any big fights?” Tony asked slowly. “Outside of your relationship.  Any—”
“He’s back,” Tony choked out, his voice hoarse. He could hear Tony’s lips sticking with tears, his voice hoarse and ragged. “Get him on a light sedative—light, please.”
Blaine gently slapped him on the back to get his attention before speaking into the comm, “Entering the compound through the fencing. Overwatch, keep us updated on that patrol.”
Blaine shot him a look, the cap still in his mouth, and nodded. The moonlight turned his light hair silver and his skin a strange color of blue.  He spat out the cap and checked the needle one more time.
“You just said you haven’t seen him.”
Tony didn’t look back as he headed down the staircase toward the dancefloor. Steve had had plenty of time to say corny Hallmark shit. Now wasn’t the time or place. Not when this party was supposed to be just a party, just an excuse get people back into the Tower and not see it as some Avengers mausoleum (and no, not to get Steve back to the Avengers mausoleum).
She squealed with joy, smacking her hands on her tray and flinging noodles and sauce everywhere as she did so.
“Hello,” Tony greeted, extending a hand. “Tony Stark.”
“I don’t know, Dad!”
“Normally I would be, but I saw you both at that party, Steve.”
Steve crawled back into bed without being beckoned, meeting Tony’s lips for a loving kiss. Tony moaned softly against his mouth, another indicator that he wasn’t sober. When Tony was high this way, he was hypersensitive and incredibly eager for sex, but all Steve could think about was how Iron Man probably knew the same thing. Tony probably acted like this more often than not at…wherever Iron Man lived. Maybe they had penthouses in buildings next to each other, or Iron Man just rocketed over to Tony’s after every mission.
His phone buzzed again, but just once.
Steve pulled out his wallet and Tony found himself transfixed with the methodical way Steve pulled the cash from the worn leather and sifted through the bills until he pulled out a twenty. Before he took it out though—yup, there it was—Steve opened his lips and swiped the pad of his thumb over his tongue before grabbing the bill.
“I hope he’s good to you,” Steve said instead.
Oh god, things would have been so much worse for Tony if they would have used Steve for the surrogate. What a horrible, awful life that child would have had to endure. Braces, crutches, wheelchairs, month-long doctor’s visits. Tony probably would have gotten him arrested for child abuse just because he should have known any child of his would turn out sickly and weak.
Steve nudged him with his shoulder. “You were trying to keep me safe.”
Tony’s anger dropped off so quickly that he wasn’t sure how to feel for a second. And whenever that happened, he blurted out the first thing that came to mind: “No.”
Jackson sighed, pinching his nose. “Water’s fine. Thank you, Steve.”
Bucky actually laughed. “Oh yeah, I’ll bet. Say, when’s the last time you called, huh? Well, you not callin’ ‘s a good thing—but what about Pete? When’s the last time he called?”
Blaine grabbed a fried whatever and popped it in his mouth with a crunch. He was pretending to be nonchalant, but Steve saw the tension in his shoulders and the way his eyes slid over the surrounding buildings all over again. The way his fingers twitched, looking all too bare without his combat gloves.
“I think I just need to be away from this,” he said, shaking his head again. “I don’t want to say something I regret, and I don’t know how I feel.”
Bucky tried his hardest not to look at Steve’s lips. “Mhmm. It’s gonna be a barrel ’a fun.”
“Who’s this?” Bucky asked carefully, nodding toward Blaine but keeping his eyes on Steve.
“Sure,” he finally said. “Sounds like fun.”
They peeled out of the garage and headed out, and though Tony saw the back end of the cab in front of him, he wasn’t paying attention as they crawled along the street. He really didn’t like being grouped in as a single parent, but that was what he was. He preferred the all-or-nothing approach (though only because that was all he knew). Even his distant father had still been there, lingering on the sidelines of his childhood until he’d been killed. Tony liked to think that maybe one day they would have fixed things, but instead he’d never gotten the chance. Some days he was thankful for that, other days it made him angry.
“Tony’s gonna be around for the next few months too,” Steve said, trying to be nonchalant.
“I’ll take that,” Mrs. Freeman said, reaching out for the drawing. “We’ll get it framed and put in in your favor bag.”
Steve woke to the sound of his coffeemaker’s automatic startup. He didn’t really need coffee, of course, but it was much more pleasant to wake up to the smell of a warm brew than it was to the screeching phone alarms he used to set. His tiny apartment barely had room for such a luxurious machine, but he’d really taken a liking to the minimalist lifestyle since coming back to the States.
The finesse of his movement slid away, returning him to mortality as he put the tablet away and got to his feet. Steve could see the beginnings of age in the way he moved, the slight intake of breath as his body prepared for pain.  A man like him wasn’t meant to take repeated beatings.
Steve’s eyes narrowed slightly. “I’m sorry, I was told not to get any ideas. Is this a social thing or a business meeting?”
“I looked up the number. Or, tried to. Where the hell is he? I can’t get a location or a signal. When I can’t get either of those things, something serious is going on,” Tony said, grateful that he was getting angry so that maybe he wouldn’t sound so pathetic.
Tony nodded in return, but his eyes drifted to the window behind Rhodey. The view wasn’t great, but Rhodey had always been more about looking at books on military history than staring out the window.
“Still works, doesn’t it?” Steve tried to joke. He grabbed the rifle and dragged himself over to the log that Blaine was using as cover. “What’s going on?”
He let his arms fall away, though he did linger slightly. If Steve noticed, he didn’t say anything. He never said anything.
Steve would probably never even see his grandchildren. He might very well outlive them, but they would never know him.
“Barefoot?” Tony asked, glancing down at Steve’s feet.
“No way, Pops,” Peter said before taking a swig of his cream soda.
Steve’s eyes flicked open, a frown etched into his features. “You can’t do that, Tones.”
Tony frowned, but his eyes were mischievous. His pupils were huge, and not just with desire, Steve knew.  “Well, I want you again. And I don’t want to go to group.”
“I promise not to be too much of a jerk,” Tony added, but his voice was soft and his face smirkless.
“Had to get my mind off of some things,” Steve said with a little shrug.
Tony ducked and caught her around the waist as she went by, scooping her up. She kicked and struggled for a moment, then just giggled as he carried her into the elevator. She was a happier kid now, and every day Tony saw her coming to trust him just a little bit more. He hoped he never broke that trust.
“Yep—see, just forget it.” Tony shook his head.
Steve tongued the inside of his cheek, looking to the sea. The granite waves still churned, but the edges were ragged, and beyond the surf he could see the confusion on the water as crest collided with trough, creating ever-moving craters in the horizon. The storm was upon them, yet the rain still hadn’t started.
Bucky smiled and Steve found himself unsettled by the fact that it was genuine. “Can’t say I’ve heard anything about you, but I think that’s part of the deal,” Bucky said.
“No,” Tony replied. “I’m fine.”
Blaine’s fingers were suddenly at the dip of his collarbone, but Steve wasn’t startled. His body had long since memorized the difference between the touch of a teammate and the touch of someone else.
Tony chewed his bottom lip, trying to work out what to do now. Steve needed to know about this before the media got ahold of it, but he didn’t know how he was supposed to say anything after finding out that their whole relationship might not be so fake after all. He’d gotten too used to Steve being in his life again, and to know that a man like that still had feelings for him after all he’d done was more than Tony deserved, and he knew it. Not that he would ever admit it.
Silence.
Two days later and Steve had found his strength again.
“Since my son can’t get ahold of him.”
Nobody moved for a moment and once again Steve had the urge to feel for a weapon. Silence and staring only came before fighting and killing.
Natasha appeared with a thick plastic board, and Tony did plenty of complaining while Steve and Natasha helped him onto it and secured him. Natasha took the half with Tony’s head, while Steve got the end with Tony’s feet. They lifted on three and headed for the chopper that sat idle on the beach.
Rhodey gave him a smile that said he’d heard Tony’s unspoken words anyway.
Blaine let out a diffusing sigh and packed up the syringe, crushing it just as he had done Steve’s and placing it back in his bag.
Steve froze mid-step, then whipped around to see a man standing there that his brain immediately recognized as Tony, but it…wasn’t.
He blinked back to the present. “Sorry, Nat. I’m just—”
“See you soon,” Tony murmured.
Bucky slipped off his rucksack and sat on the chair opposite Steve. “This ain’t gonna go the way it did back in the old days,” Bucky said, opening the main pocket of his rucksack. He pulled out a long, metal briefcase and set it on the table. With two clicks of the latches it popped open, revealing folded pieces and attachments of a sniper rifle.
He swallowed hard. “So we’ll just see each other when it works for you—“ Never. Because Peter would have to be punishing himself to come into the sad little apartment to spend time doing nothing with the man who shoved all of his ideas down Peter’s throat. “—and that’s fine. Is that fine with you?”
His smile faded a little.
“Just like both of us do things for Peter,” Tony added, his eyes knowing. “We just want to make sure you’re okay.”
He tried not to imagine just who was holding Steve when he had his fevers. “So what do I do?”
His whole body shuddered violently as the heat continued burrowing into his brain, so violently that Steve couldn’t see Tony clearly anymore, he was so blurred.
Steve shut the door and brought a hand to his mouth to try to stifle his sobbing. He was a man. He was a grown man. He wasn’t supposed to cry. He ought to turn right around and discipline Peter for acting out so harshly and being so insulting. But Steve always had a weakness for his son, and he knew Peter’s words had to be true. How long all of that had been boiling, he had no idea.
