BB can you bring over that electronic branding wand, wanted to do it the old-fashioned way but with her being knocked- up this will be less stressful for the pups and she will heal quicker.”
“Bucky, I can’t let you fully bond with Tony until after the pups are born it’s just not possible whilst he is pregnant. I am to possessive and jealous to allow it whilst he is full of my pups.
Pepper felt her stomach drop when Natasha and Bruce both turned to look at her.
Thank god, Pepper was here, she would sort out all this mess and get him out of Shield’s clutches.  Who knew what these doctors had been up to, he hadn’t forgotten the blood transfusion, even though the machine was no longer in the room. Tony paid no further attention to the disgusting mess he was being fed, to busy checking out his now needle free arm, the bruising was quite spectacular, the two, little band-aids covering the puncture sites hiding nothing.  The irritating tickling feeling in his nose was back again, lifting his arm to try and scratch at the annoying itch took more effort than he thought, which probably explained why he didn’t notice the padded mit covering his hand until he nearly punched himself in the nose with it.
Tony had been furious when he found out about the proposed photo shoot and interview, there was absolutely no way he was going to flaunt his pregnant belly and milk laden tits for all the world to see.  It would be the final acknowledgement of his new status, no one would remember Tony Stark the billionaire genius inventor and superhero Iron Man.  He would be fully exposed for all the world to see as nothing more than Captain America and The Winter Soldier’s bonded omega and breeding bitch.
Any omega that shows exceptional intelligence will be given the chance to continue their education, but will be bonded and mated when they come of age and be expected to birth the requisite amount of babies as well.
“Steve lets go get the legalities sorted out, then we can come back and sit down and discuss your moral dilemma.”
Once the had all taken their seats, Fury motioned for Coulson to begin.
Peter I am very disappointed in your behaviour tonight, it was a simple task that every properly bought up omega knows how to perform.  Still what can I expect when your aunt let you run wild and then you hid your orientation, I will have to inform Dr Banner that May will need to be punished for her failure to properly school you in the ways of an omega.
“Hey Cap!  So if you are going to breed your little omega again can we watch and are you ever going share your little bitch with the rest of your pack?  After all we are a war pack, I did some research and originally when war packs formed the omega was bred by all the Alphas in turn.
You know his skin is only going to get more sensitive and his weight gain has been steady over the last few weeks, thankfully he has not had any morning sickness.”
I would take your fallen Alphas to Asgard to be buried with their omega, the Bio Frost has been damaged and greatly weakened by Thanos’ army and I can only travel once before it will need to be repaired.  I have no timescale of how long it will be before it is working once more, it would be unthinkable to separate them, even in death from their Omega.
Tony could not believe what had happened to him in the last hour, claimed marked and once the brand or tattoo was in place fully and permanently owned.  Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!
You will never see Tony again or any of your pups, they belong to Asgard now.”
“Now since you don’t know how to control yourself and are no longer allowed to have any orgasms we need to make sure you are plugged up and cannot touch yourself.  This dildo will ensure that both your slutty holes are kept full, once inside you the knots will inflate, and you will not be able to remove them, only myself, Winter and Jarvis, have the override codes.”
“Okay Steve, l can do the tests tomorrow and devise a new diet plan.  It is important the he gain weight during the first trimester, especially if he is having multiples.  The twelve- week scan will confirm this and then we can adjust his diet again to ensure his health and that of the babies.”
Chapter 24
“Sweetheart, whilst I am very disappointed in your rude behaviour, for which you will need to be punished and will also need to apologise for, you are always going to be my omega and I will never abandon you.  Our bond will be for life, there is nothing that can separate us.  I and the Pack will do our utmost to show you how valuable and special you are to us all.  I will ensure that our bond is unbreakable, and you will feel all the love and security you need, no member of our Pack will ever abandon you or make you feel unwanted, trust me sweetheart, you are going to be the jewel in the centre of our Pack.
Winter and Steve pull out together as their knots deflate, Steve slips in the butt plug before he manhandles Tony until he is laying with his head over the edge of the bed.  Winter climbs on to the mattress, gripping his omega’s hips hard he presses his cock between wet pussy lips, sliding deep in to the tight heat of Tony’s cunt.  Winter lets loose, ramming his cock repeatedly up into Tony’s cunt whilst keeping his hips pinned firmly to the mattress, he can already see the bruises forming beneath his fingers, stark black marks against pale smooth skin.
I had this specially made for your tiny little cock as even for an omega it is a pathetic size!  It’s titanium and gold alloy just like your suit but threaded with vibranium so there will be no way for you to cut it off even if you got the chance, the anal hook and cock ring will pull it back and the ball of the hook will lock into your butt plug so everything will be held securely in place.
“So pretty now my omega, soft and small, just how a proper omega should be.  Don’t you love how responsive you are now, look at your tiny cock responding to my touch, you have learned so much in such a short time.  You are not the same omega that fell through the portal, that omega was a tragic mess, an omega forced to act as an alpha, to work and make decisions, left unbond and unloved by his pack.
With a last squeeze of the soft fleshy pouch he moved his hands downwards one grasping the rounded globes of his Omega’s bottom the other closing a round the metal cock cage hanging heavily between his Omega’s thighs. The small cock inside tightly confined and the small furred balls nestled behind trapped by the locking ring.
“Noooooo, you can’t treat me like this, I won’t let you!”
“Not going to waste all that milk,  might as well feed it to you along with a touch of cunt juice for added flavour, and since you have been obedient today l have thickened it with my cum, so be grateful that l am feeding you and the baby a good hearty meal.”
Leaning down he whispered in the distressed omega’s ear,
He woke still buried deep in his omega’s cunt, the scent of rut and heat lingering in the room. The new, fresher scent emanating from his omega had him smirking, his bitch had caught, and would soon have a belly swollen with his pups.
“Steve I am just going to give Tony a shot to wake him up, Sarah needs to feed, then I would suggest that you pump off the excess milk for night feeds for the night nanny.  I took the liberty of vetting an employing one so that you can have your omega to yourself in the evenings whenever you want, Tony can look after Sarah during the day and still be fresh and ready to pleasure you in the evenings.”
“Actually, Pepper needs a gift for Alpha Rogers as an apology for her recent errors of judgement.  I rather think that Steve would appreciate a portfolio of more intimate photos of his new beta alpha, and it would clearly show that Pepper has lost her reticence over her new position.
Tony was confused, he didn’t really understand what the differences were between an omega and a traditional omega, but it seemed important to Steve and he was terrified at the thought of being taken away by the Omega Registry.  He would go a long with what was being asked, after all he could just tell Steve he had changed his mind once the threat of the Registry had gone away.  Feeling better now that he had managed to have some coherent thoughts he moved so he could look straight up in to Steve’s eyes;
“Mmmm   mmm  Oh my God! Think I have died and gone to heaven, if I could pop a boner it would a done deal.”
“Ohh Stevie boy, you have developed quite a kink for putting you marks of ownership on this little bitch, love the tattoos and the eagle brand is a work of art.  Shame can’t pierce his nipples, would love to see him chained and weighted.”
“Nat, be a dear and cut of her blouse and bra, Pepper is looking a bit hot and bothered, she needs a bit of cool air on her skin.  You might as well do the same with her skirt, Jarvis can you turn up the AC and make sure it’s directed at Pepper, so that she gets the full benefit off all that cold air on her skin.”
He kept her naked and collared at all times, when he needed to concentrate on his work without any distractions he had her strapped on to a fucking machine in her omega room.  There was no bed or closet of clothes, no personal items of any kind in her room.  The only other item was the whip hang on the wall made from her hair, it was in her constant line of sight as her holes were pummelled, a reminder never to disobey or disappoint her Alpha.
End of Flash Back
I am really struggling not to make this in to a dark fic, so this chapter was a pain to finish. But after this one it will be on to the care and feeding of Tony Stark, trainee Omega:)
Chapter 20
Bruce dragged Peter to the Milking Barn, he was fed up with the whiny brat, Peter was jealous that Tony has spent three nights in a row with Odin and had thrown yet another tantrum when Tony and his pups were allowed to go with Sita to the Nursery to visit Loki and his pup, and Tony’s pups from May’s surrogacy pregnancy.  He knew that Peter did not care about the pups, he had been extremely verbal about not wanting anything to do with his own pups and hated his milky breasts, always bitching as to why they were still big and producing milk. He demanded to see May, stamping his foot, face red, no hint of the young Petey wanting Bruce’s approval and it was then that Bruce decided that he did not want the bother of training Peter anymore, he wasn’t his omega, there was no connection, he was just wasting his time.
“ David get her on her knees ready for the two old boys, they aren’t going to last long and the car will be here to pick them up in thirty minutes.”
Tony did his best to keep up, but his make shift shoes were uncomfortable and he had not exercised or walked more than a few feet in months, he snorted as he thought he could probably go faster if he was crawling, but somehow he couldn’t see Steve agreeing to that.
Howard had given a press conference the following day to announce that his son had been in a car accident and once released from hospital would be staying at a rehabilitation centre for treatment for the next 6 months but was expected to make a full recovery.  In reality, Howard had beaten Tony to the brink of death when he had found his son being fucked in the back room of a night club after he had disappeared from his party.  Six months later Tony had arrived at MIT and proceeded to sleep and engineer his way through both his Degrees and Masters’ courses.
He takes his time withdrawing his fist, tormenting the bitch as he stretches her hole with the widest part of his fist, pulling out slightly, and just as the bitch relaxes, thinking he is finally going to pull out he thrusts back in.  Five time he repeats the move until he sees  drops of blood on the stretched rim where the tiny metal panels covering his fist have caught on the rim.
Tony cuddled up to Steve in the back of the limo, watching as Pepper writhed on the fat dildo attached to the floor, she was covered in cum, her breasts leaking milk as bounced up and down, trying to climax before they arrived back at the Tower.  He was glad it had been her and not him that had to perform for those dirty old and not so old businessmen.
“New Stud needs to be processed, then put to work, going to be trouble so make sure you used full restraints until he settles down and gets the craving for breeding and feeding of their milk.”
Each afternoon he would feel his plug and dildo start to increase in size and vibrate, he would then have to present himself on the bed so he could be filmed by Jarvis and the video streamed to his Alphas, who occasionally were able to watch it live or more often than not later in the evening whilst grabbing some down time from whatever mission they were on.
Steve lay there stunned, thinking back over the past months, looking at his behaviour and reactions to his Watcher.  Somewhere along the way he had stopped playing the part and had gotten used to being pampered and treated as special.  He thought he had had the upper hand, that his Watcher was the one being sucked in to believing that this was all real.
Having your omega caught on you knot keening as you bite hard on their mating mark to re-enforce your bond just makes you want to keep on screwing them until there is nothing left.  Steve knew that there was nothing he would not do to keep this omega, to make Tony bend completely to his will, to own him body and soul.
We will keep him sedated until growth reduction treatment is completed, at the twentyfour hour stage before giving him his second injection his height loss had only been one inch with a small loss of weight and muscle mass, we have reached thirty six hours and he has lost a further inch which is quite disappointing, with your permission I would advocate giving a third injection of a more concentrated formula which we have just acquired.”
Mr Stark Rogers altered appearance is due to him taking part in an experimental drug trial for height gain at an unregistered clinic before he was admitted to Mountain Rise, unfortunately even with the sanctioned treatments he received once admitted his height loss was exacerbated and is not reversable, he fell into the very low percentage of individuals receiving this revolutionary treatment that would lose height instead of gaining it.  We ask that the press and public keep in mind that he is mentally very fragile and vulnerable, and not hound him or his family for further details on his condition.
The Court will need to be kept updated with regards to the Conditioning treatments and their success or lack of so that a determination can be made on the length of Conservatorship. I am going to personally oversee this case to ensure maximum privacy for yourselves and Mr Stark.  I will arrange to visit the facility with yourselves in one month to view the subject’s progress.”
“Alpha Rogers I apologise for the delay in getting here but there was an emergency birth at the clinic.  My name is Meg, I am a beta and specialise in omega midwifery.
He still had lab time to fix the Avengers armor and weapons, but eventually he trained two apprentices Peter and Harley to take over.  He much preferred to tinker with designs for mechanical toys and helper robots, weapons made him sad and stressed, thankfully Steve understood and was happy for him to pull away.
10.	 Your duty as a traditional omega is to be of service to your Alphas and pack in all things and secure the bloodline of your Alphas and pack members, pleasure and breeding is what an omega’s body has been created for, you belong to your Alphas’ body and soul.
He could hear the excitement and joy in his omega’s voice he knew that Tony would never be truly happy if Iron man taken away from him, it would need to be a decision Tony reached for himself so he decided that until his omega was pregnant he would let him be Iron man after that would be the time to plant seeds of doubt after all what mother would not put their child before a suit of armour.  Rhodey had already committed War Machine to the Avengers whilst Tony was pregnant.
Steve watched his exhausted omega drift off to sleep.  Meg had efficiently cleaned and remade the bed, disposing of all signs of the three deliveries.  Tony was clean and the pups had all been diapered and swaddled, now laying together fast asleep in the crib that his mate had designed and build specially for them.
“Tony you are supposed to be a big boy tonight, come along you will just have to wait until after dinner for me to change you, we are already late and every one is about to sit down.”
“BB your boobs and butt are perfect now, I want to see those plump lips always painted and ready to suck cock.  Now get on the bed, I want you face down, ass- up, hands spreading your cheeks so l can see you slutty whore hole.
Steve, have you made your decision yet?  Ms Potts is not going to be impressed if we keep her waiting much longer.”
“Tony, I do believe your clit it bigger that your pathetic little cock, that truly is a sign that you are now a complete breeding bitch.”
Slipping in to the bathroom he quickly cleaned off his milky nipples, brushed his teeth and tried to get his unruly curls in to some kind of order. He applied eyeliner and lip gloss before slipping in to the shift that Steve had left hanging for him.  The shift ended just below his knees and was the exact blue of the diamond on his collar, at first glance it looked modest and respectable until he moved then the splits at the front and back were revealed. The back split ended just below the curve of his ass cheek whilst the front gave a glimpse of his cock piercing every time he took a step.  His nipples peaked through the slits in the front, for ease of breast feeding his Alpha had said, Tony wasn’t sure if was for Steve or the pups. Stepping in to is sandals he arranged himself on his knees by the crib to wait for his Alpha.
Hulk pushed the nipple of the third bottle in to Daisy’s feeding gag, paying no attention to the tears and whimpers, only when she began to choke on the creamy liquid did he sit her up, rubbing her back to calm her down.
“I don’t think so Natasha, l am tired and sore and will be having an early night,  give my apologies to Steve but l need to be at the top of my game for the start of the merger meetings tomorrow, tell him that I will be happy to accept becoming an affiliate member of the Avengers Pack but not a full member, being the Beta Alpha of SI Pack is going to take up all of my time and attention, it would not be fair to the Avengers Pack.”
As Thor thrust his knee between Loki’s thighs, Tony caught sight of fat lips lined with piercings and a plump fat clit that hung low, there was no sign of Loki’s cock or balls.
Natasha remained still, even though the dampness between her legs had now soaked through her knickers, she thanked heavens that she had renewed her scent blockers so that she could not smell the Alpha pheromones thickening the air of the ballroom  and that also in turn allowed her own scent to be masked.  Years of training, and undercover work made the task easier, but she still couldn’t fully stamp down on the urge find a body to fuck.
“Shhh, just feel don’t think, keep pounding your omega’s hole. Just let me take care of you.”
The leather harness took a couple of attempts to figure out where all the straps were meant to be placed, eventually he had her bound to the bench her tits hanging free, the dildos stuffed in her cunt and ass.
Winter grinned at Steve, their omega was already trying to back away towards the door, his leash taut.
Chapter 23
Tony meets Doctor Gottlieb.
“Ms Romanov l want to take some further photos of Ms Potts with the her Jacket off and her shirt unbuttoned to show a hint of her bra.  If you could stand beside her as she sits on that box with your hand on her shoulder, that would be perfect.
Tony was amazed and incredibly turned on by the control it took for Steve too sit still and have his knot form fully inside him.  Long fingers began to tease his cock he couldn’t help whimpering when one of Steve’s nails scraped across his slit, toying with the tiny opening continuously until he let out a loud groan as zings of pain and pleasure shot along his cock, his balls tightening as he clenched down on the massive knot buried inside him
Bruce smirked at the glint of determination in her eyes, that would soon disappear when he fucked her dry beta cunt.
The air around Thor crackled as he stood and strode out onto the balcony swinging Mjolnir.
“He should wake up within the next half hour, you can take him back to your suite now if you want, but first would you like to view his pretty little cock, l am very pleased wit the results.  You will be able to tease him and punish him due to the complete lack of control he will have over it.”
Steve look hard in to his omega’s eyes, gripping tightly on Tony’s breasts after pushing his fluttering hands away.
“Bruce would you care to discipline Tony for me, six on his boy pussy and then three on each breast and you can chose the placement of the final six.
Winter pressed hard on the small bundle of nerves and both Alphas watched the stress and tension leave their omega’s face and body.
“I am going to head over to Mountain Rise to settle in Tony and watch the start of his treatment.  I will be staying there for the next few days, don’t hesitate to contact me for an update on his progress or if you need me to sign anything on Tony’s behalf for Stark Industries.”
“Owww  owwww  h..hurts,  S..Steve make it stop, owwww owwww”
“Higher daddy I flying, up to the sky like a rocket, higher, higher!”
“Fuck! Stevie look at our omega fucked and knotted by his Alphas, the greedy cock whore needs to be stuffed full and hanging off our knots all the time.  Look at him whining like a bitch in heat wanting to come even though his useless tiny cock can’t get hard anymore.”
Steve lifted his docile omega on to his lap and motioned for the Doctor to continue with his explanation. Whenever it looked like Tony was beginning to get agitated his fingers skimmed across his omega’s neck gentling him again.
The healers had turned their attention to Tony and were insisting that he drink and eat the fruits and juice given to him. Soon the little omega was sleeping, unaware of what was about to happen.
Steve I love you, we can work this out by ourselves, please don’t destroy our marriage by taking away my right to make my own decisions.  Once I am home we can just pretend none of this ever happened.
Tony turned his head to the side and looked up with tear filled eyes, the angry frown covering Steve’s face and the painful pressure on his cock kicked his brain into gear, he did not want to be punished again he just needed to remember what his Alpha, yes! That was it! His Alpha!
“P..please stop, please I am begging you, you are going to ripped me apart.”
Stripping off his overalls as Jarvis closed down the lab, he rushed up to the nursery for cuddle time with is little monsters. The girls were starting to walk and the boys could all sit up, with the two alpha boys already starting to crawl. His sweet little omegas were content to sit and watch the others play.
Tony shifted on to his side so the pups could latch onto his nipples. He winched as their teeth dug in to the swollen teats with little care for his pain.  He knew better than to remonstrate them, Wolf had show his extreme displeasure the few times he had and he didn’t want to be on the receiving end of Winter’s whip ever again.
He muttered as his fingers tried to move the door handle.  Oooh, may be there was a bean stalk in the garden, daddy would like a golden egg, perhaps he could go find it and show daddy that he was a big boy and didn’t need those horrible diapers.
“Omega I am waiting my patience is wearing thin!  Beg me properly now or you will be punished!”
“Steve don’t you think l tried, when l returned to consciousness l was already bound and then kept in isolation, l had no autonomy at all. They conditioned me to act and react to their specifications.  I could resist in my mind but in order to survive the physical punishments l needed to at least let them think l was responding to their programming.
“There we go sweetheart, daddy is going to get you all cleaned up and into a fresh diaper, then a bottle of milk and a snuggle in bed.”
Bruce smiled happily as he injected his serum into Pepper, he had doubled the amount and added a shot Misty Memory, her signature had been easy for Friday to duplicate and her fingerprints placed on the pen.  The documents had all been filed and there would be records showing that Pepper had searched for a realtor to sell her house and rent a property in Malibu. Her secret safety deposit box was now in his name.  Friday was a god send, whilst not as advanced as Jarvis in terms of emotions, she was efficient and on target with any task that he gave her, she recognised him as boss and had not been upset by the restrictions placed on Tony’s access once he had explained Tony’s new status.  Much like Rhodey she was relieved that he was now protected and under Steve care.
Natasha licked her fingers, the taste of omega juice sweet on her lips. Her eyes were drawn to the drops of creamy milk dripping for the omegas heaving breasts. The fat nipples raw and swollen from the extended used of the clamps, she supposed that it was time to help the omega get more comfortable before Steve came back and went all protective of the omega, although it would be interesting to see how long the Alpha resisted his own natural urges to fuck the ripe omega.  She didn’t know what this world’s Steve and Dr Banner had done or whether this was just natural to this world but she could scent the low burn of an omega in pre heat and had done ever since they arrived at the Compound, it should be impossible for a pregnant omega to go into heat.
Tony bore down breathing through the pain determined to push the pup out as quickly as possible, the thought of having go though this agony two more times had him swearing to cut Steve’s cock off so he could not get him pregnant again.  If he had no been in so much pain he would have laughed at the way his big strong Alpha face blanched and how quickly he crossed his legs.
You are going to spend the evening with Odin, you will submit to him as though he were me. If you fail to please him, be prepared to suffer my lash.”
“Tony! Get your butt back here, you have made the decision easy, naughty omegas don’t get to sunbathe.  Perhaps we have been a bit too lenient with our omega recently, hmmm?
Steve looked down at his quivering Omega he was a beautiful sight, gasping for breath covered in cum, tears dripping off his eye lashes his ass cheeks ruby red.
Tony’s already full stomach roiled at the thought of having to drink more of the disgusting false cum shake, he wanted the real thing even though he had taken down two full loads already.
Now l am going to knot your pretty hole and then you are going to eat all of the lovely dinner l have prepared for you. Dessert will be a surprise but you will only get to taste it if you clear your plate.”
Suddenly large hands gripped his waist holding him firmly in place, he had not even noticed Steve’s fingers disappearing from his channel.
Steve knew it was a big ask of Tony to display such submission and to internalise his orgasm after only a few months of training, but he knew that his omega was a natural and wanted to please him with how well he had adapted to his  training.
A jump forward in time four weeks to Tony's hospital appointment and the Omega Registry Inspector's first assessment.
Chapter 55
He had left as quickly as he had arrived without a backward glance at his hysterical daughter.  This one he could not help but fuck straight away after he had stripped and collared her. Cuffed to the cell’s wall he had rammed she thick cock into her virgin cunt with no prep, her screams reverberating round the cell block.  Her tight cunt had milked every drop of cum from his knot, setting off her heat, which had given him a pleasurable three days of knotting her greedy cunt and asshole. She had been distraught when he had informed her that he had impregnated her, but had no intentions of mating her, so much so that he kept her cuffed to her cot day and night, with a feeding tube and catheter in place.  He had turned her every 24 hours and allowed her to use the bathroom to shit.  He had Jarvis do full body scans on her every week to ensure she was putting on weight and the four pups were growing at the correct rate.
The new piss slit pleased them both, it would be fun to humiliate her by watching her squatting to pee.  A thin sound, would ensure the bitch needed to beg to be allowed to piss.
Tony automatically divested himself of his latest outfit, shivering at Steve’s use of his alpha voice, the hard wood of the chair cool on his still reddened ass.
“Next as his Alpha you will own not only Mr Stark but all his personal wealth and Stark Industries. I need to know what your intentions are towards Stark Industries, Tony is the head of R&D and without him the company will suffer and place thousands of employee’s jobs in jeopardy.”
Pepper glanced over to Steve a whole silent conversation took place over Tony’s head.  Steve nodded giving permission for Pepper to do what was needed.
Keeping hold of the blunt knife he moved to the cabin door and slowly opened it, there was no one outside on the front porch so he edge out and made his way to rail.  The dirt road didn’t join a main road and the surrounding land was dry and barren, the high unnatural graded ridges told him that it was probably an old abandoned sandstone quarry. There was no escaping without a vehicle, and he needed Steve to get him to the Portal coordinates, he just hoped that he idiot would listen to him and believe him.
Steve made short work of releasing their bound omega, repositioning him so that he was sitting upright on the milking bench, with his arms bound together in a rubber sleeve from elbow to wrist behind his back, hands still trapped within the nano-tech gloves.  The suction cups were still attached to each breast, whilst the rubber hoses had been retracted and stored within the machine.  Winter removed the ball gag leaving the O ring in place, he wanted to hear their omega’s cries as his breasts were released from the confines of the milking cups.
Betty grabbed hold of the branding wand, hand shaking with excitement, she watched as Sir made Darcy crawl onto her hands and knees, her peachy cheeks wobbling as he slapped them until they pinked.
“Tony, I am going to cum mark you now, and each day for the next week so that every alpha you come in to contact with, will be able to smell that you are taken. When enough of my, cum is absorbed in to your skin, you will scent of me and it will act as a deterrent to any alpha that thinks they can take you away for me or our pack.
Hulk squeezed the swollen ball sac, pulling and stretching the skin taut, the emasculator blade sliced the ball sac off cleanly, the clamp crushing the spermatic cord preventing blood flowing from the wound.
Steve watched as Tony slowly looked up at him, his eyes sparkling with unshed tears, poor little thing was exhausted but it was an important step to get him to confirm his agreement so that any future transgressions could be dealt with in the clear knowledge that his baby had disobeyed the important rules.  He was fully aware that there would be set backs and his baby would act out and throw more tantrums in the near future before he fully accepted his place but he wanted to ensure that Tony could not deny that he had agreed to it.
Tony opens wide for Winter’s cock eager to taste his new Alpha’s cum, hollowing his cheeks sucks and swallows until he has taken in all of Winter’s cock, he is rewarded by Winter’s callused hands grabbing his hair holding him in place as his cock fills his throat with thick creamy cum.
“Stella! What the hell are you doing? Cover me up Steve and Pepper could come in!”
Pepper screamed in frustration she was so near to climaxing if she could just bear down a bit further then she would reach that level of pain that became pleasure.
Steve manhandled Stark on to his elbows and knees, pushing his cock back into the Omega’s cunt and began to roughly fuck him, covering him with his body, letting all his weight rest on Stark’s bowed back.
“Oh Tony, look at you all pink and pretty for me.  My little bitch will not need a cock cage anymore, going to dress you in some lacy panties and once your tits get big going to put those clamps on to keep your nipples all swollen and hard.”
After much struggling he managed to finally roll free of the beanbag, exhausted he lay on the thick carpet whilst waiting for his limbs to stop shaking.  Finally, he pushed up with his mitten covered hands until he was on his hands and knees, the thickness of the diaper between his  thighs causing him to spread his knees wider making him lose his balance and fall back to the carpet.  Minutes passed before he tried again, the soft music and the repeated words interspersed with it in Ste..Daddy’s voice ‘mio bel bambino’ soothing and distracting him from his task.
I would surmise the ability for her to pass as an Alpha or an omega was a great asset to them.  They effectively neutered her as an omega with regards to bonding and breeding and left her cock, small as it is. She has probably used performance enhancing drugs to lengthen her stamina and size when fucking in a pack setting so as not to be discovered.
“Jarvis stop the elevator please Clint and I want to say hello to the little omega spiderling.”
“Now stand completely still it is time to put some more decoration on your useless little cock, perhaps it might make the pathetic tiny thing more pretty.”
Winter smeared his cum over Tony’s thighs and cunt lips, pushing his coated fingers deep inside to massage the omega’s sweet spot, his cum being absorbed into the soft flesh.  |Once he was satisfied that enough cum had been absorbed, he did the same with the bitch’s asshole, smirking as the ring of muscles expanded to take four fingers with ease, curling his thumb into his palm he worked his hand deep inside.
“Quite right Captain Rogers, all these uppity modern omegas need to be shown their place as you have done with Omega Stark.  Congress and the Senate will soon push through the Omega Bonding and Breeding Bill after seeing how such a wayward omega as Tony Stark has benefited from being bonded and bred.
So, you will stay in bed today and if you are not a brat l will let you watch TV and have your blanket and paci.”
“Tony I always intended to bond with you, I just needed the time to acclimatise to this new modern world, there was so much information to process, everything was loud and so fast l never thought l would adjust or adapt.
Tony howls and kicks his legs as Winter thrashes his butt until his cheeks and thighs burn red, Winter parts his cheeks giving two sharp smacks to his plugged hole before doing the same to his pussy. Tony screams as Winter thrusts his metal fingers between his throbbing folds, thumb pressing down on his swollen clit.
Steve’s fat cock slapped Tony’s face as he freed it from the confines of his jeans, precum smeared his omega’s cheeks leaving a glistening trail as he rubbed it over his face.  Each time his omega’s mouth reached for his cockhead he squeezed the base and squirted precum over Tony’s lips watching his pink tongue dart out to lick his lips clean.
He watches as his small omega throws an epic tantrum, everything on the worktable ends on the floor or in the case of his screw drivers, embedded in the wall.  He screams and curses, hits his fists on the table, until finally exhausted the tears start to flow.
“ Oh the boys are going to love your sweet cunt and cock sucking lips. They have already been introduced to your scent so they will mount you straight away without any fuss.  The new stud hasn’t fucked a bitch for two weeks, his balls are huge, can you imagine the amount of cum that’s going to flood your cunt.”
The End.
The cocktail of drugs in Omega Starks blood stream along with the gastric by-pass had suppressed any change of him becoming a healthy enough weight to induce his first heat and mature as an Omega.  The side effects of taking these drugs over such a long period are severe mood swings, irritability, irrational behaviour, insomnia, paranoia, manic episodes, depression and whole plethora of physical problems.
Steve waited as the body beneath him tremble and shook, suddenly the Omega stilled and went lax against the surface of the desk.
Steve slid across the seats and exited the limo in one smooth movement the leash held loosely in his hand, Tony remained kneeling waiting for his Alpha’s signal to rise and step out of the car, he could already hear the shouts of the reporters and the clicking of cameras along with the cheers of the crowd as the Avengers posed on the red carpet.
Steve leaned down and bit into her gland once more, as his barbs and knot engaged, wrecking her channel as she finally orgasmed.  Her exhausted face, slack and glassy eyed stared up at him as he licked the last bit of  bonding blood from his lips.
Bruce left May Cow to the tender mercy of the Asgardian Milking Barn, he was eager to meet with the healers and discuss Loki and Peter’s modifications.
It is very important that the whole Avengers Pack and you as his Alpha provide positive reinforcement at all times to foster his sense of self worth as an omega, you will all need to demonstrate repeatedly how much he is loved and how proud you are that he is part of your Pack.  It will take time and patience to destroy all the negative images and thoughts of omegas that have been instilled in him by Howard Stark.
Pepper will still have some control over you in matters of Stark Industries and in keeping you in line at board meetings if I am unable to attend with you.
Pepper waited for the door to close behind the doctor before she addressed the remaining occupants of the room.
Odin watched as Loki was led into the throne room by Thor the gold chain attached to his nose ring glistening under the lights, a sheer red sash clinging to his hips, hiding his sex.  The babe was in a sling of the same sheer fabric, Odin could clearly see that he was suckling on a fat nipple.
Tony needed to learn his new place in the Avengers hierarchy. He was no longer the lone omega billionaire superhero who could get away with anything due to his status and funding of the Avengers Initiative.
With some careful manoeuvring Steve had Tony kneeling, Winter laying on the floor with his fist buried in in the panting omega’s asshole.
Chapter 27
Tony had forgotten how hard it was to meet his Captain’s eyes, the hard, cold blue eyes were ringed with Alpha Red, he could feel the anger and lust rolling off him, his pussy clenched as he scented the Alpha’s pheromones, he wanted nothing more that to turn and present, ready to be bred.
“ Such a good little cum slut.  You took it so well, your stomach needed to be filled and soon your arse will be as well, so full you will not be able to move.  Relax now I am going to make you feel so good, you want that don’t you? You are such a whore for my cock and my cum just as you should be. ”
“Tony let’s go up to the doctor’s office so that we can deal with before you see the doctor.”
Tomorrow we are going back to Mountain View and you are going to see your Therapist and have another course of conditioning therapy, tonight you will stay hanging on my cock and I am going to ensure that you will not be able to sit down for a week without it hurting.”
“Look at you baby, so good for your Alpha, now I am going to place some pillows behind you and between you legs so that you can lay on your side in comfort for a while and get used to the plug, once you laying on your back you will continuously feel the pressure on your rear.”
Biting down on his mate’s bonding mark he whispered ‘sorry’ against his omega’s ear as he thrust his cock deep into his gaping hole.
Tired and sore he crawled into his nest, accepting Loki’s help with arranging him in a comfortable position and when Loki’s cold hands stroked his redden butt, he breathed a sigh of relief, drifting off to sleep with the feeling of his cold cock sliding into his birthing channel. Hours or minutes later he woke when his stomach spasmed as his waters broke, liquid gushing out of his channel.
Steve felt the moment his omega slipped into his meditative state, clever little thing, but he could wait and whilst he waited, he would have some fun.  Twenty minutes of kissing, lick and biting Tony’s neck and shoulders whilst he increased the length of his thrusts passed before he felt the change in his omega’s center.  Wasting no time he reached round to pinch Tony’s sensitive nipples, rolling the soft nubs until they stood hard and erect, then he used his strength to raise Tony off his cock until only the tip remained inside before slamming him back down as he bit hard into his bonding gland.
“Beautiful, now turn round and spread your legs, touch your stupid little cock, go on give it a few hard tugs, maybe you can force that pathetic tiny thing, to shoot your useless cum, you are not a super soldier anymore, just my little whore.”
Steve allowed Tony to sleep for another hour before rousing him and ushering him into the bathroom to start preparing him for the evening ahead.  The dresser and makeup artist would be arriving within the next hour so he had plenty of time.
He was pleased to see her lower her eyes and give out a whine of apology.  It would seem that their mate could be taught, it only remained to be seen if their bitch could be fully mounted. The Hydra breeders has been pathetic, weak pets that couldn’t even take his knot as their cunts and assholes had been to tight, and they usually ended up a torn and bleeding mess whenever their Handler had attempted to use them as studs.
It’s Gangsters and their Molls.  I have the outfits, you will have to go as my Moll, being you’re the little pretty one.”
Chapter 67
Darcy closed her office door for the last time and quickly made her way to the staff exit, she needed to get out of the building before the President returned, there was no way she would be attending this dinner date, her brother would be waiting for her and they would start the long drive up to Canada.  They had been working for months on forming escape routes for omegas once they realised that the Act would be repealed and the severity of the proposed new Law.  She was so thankful that her brother had come to his senses a year ago and seen how wrong the subjugation of omegas was.
“Dr Banner, please can you explain how the extremis treatment and the Cradle caused Stark to be physically altered to the extent that he has been, and whether there will be any further side-effects of the treatment.  The Cradle seems to be a medical miracle, is it going to be made available for general use by the medical profession?”
The constant pressure on his prostrate had spiked his arousal and when he had felt the small jolts of electricity pass along his channel his cock had jerked and twitched in its cage and he could not supress the moan that escaped, that he could have got away with but the swearing was his undoing.
Winter scooped up Tony from the floor where he had been kneeling between his Alphas and placed him on the examination table.  Steve placed the omega’s feet in the stirrups wrapping the straps round each ankle as Winter secured Tony’s hands with the wrist straps attached to the sides, with a press of a button the base of the examination table separated in two stretching Tony’s legs wide apart giving a clear view of his gaping holes.
Pepper and Steve had been expecting this request and after much discussion had decided on tailoring the classic good cop bad cop routine to fit their needs.
Steve ushered her out of the room eager to finish dressing his omega.
Steve is not happy with Pepper and gives her 3 rules that she must follow.
Bruce waited until they heard the bathroom door close before speaking.
Tony was enjoying Asgard, he got fucked every night by Odin, which settled his need for alpha cock.  Odin did not demand anything of him other than suck him to hardness, then either bend over or ride him until he was stuffed full of his knot and cum. Every night when he crawled back to his chambers, he would see Loki kneeling outside, waiting to enter when he left.
He smiled as she began to thrash ineffectually beneath him, he applied more pressure to her neck, his cock hard and leaking against his belly as her eyes widened in panic as she gasped for breath.
Holding his Omega’s head firmly he giving him no chance to pull back, chasing his release, shouting out with pleasure as his cum flooded down Tony’s throat to join the pool of cum in the already swollen belly.
Bucky settled behind the omega holding his cock as Steve lowered their omega on to his hard length, the bitch let out a soft mewl as its asshole was filled. The greedy hole sucked up his dick slick dripping out to covering his balls.  With small jerks of his hips he fucked the omega, hands gripping the bitch’s spread thighs to keep it still.  After brushing the bitch’s nub once he changed his angle so that he could fuck the bitch without it getting any satisfaction, after all this was supposed to be a punishment.
Chapter 25
“What a good little boy, look how much special cream you made for daddy, unfortunately you did say a naughty word, little boys don’t get to say cock unless they have their daddy’s permission. I am going to have to spank your bottom tonight before bedtime, I am very disappointed in you baby boy.”
“Mmmm s’good Steve, always l..loved you, didn’t think you felt the same, you never said anything before when we talked,  w..what’s different now?”
Tony signed quickly with his usual messy scrawl after Nurse Meyer removed one of his mitts, paying no heed to the voice in his head shouting that he should never sign a contract that he had not read. He was so tired and just wanted curl up and sleep in Steve’s embrace.
“Come on Tony we need to start heading out, Nat’s will either make it or not, there is nothing I can do about it now.  Wrap the sheet around your head and body to give you some warmth and it will also protect you from the heat when the sun comes up.
“Tony, feed Sarah and spend some time bonding, obviously your post pregnancy hormones are making you irrational and over emotional.  You need to listen to me and calm down or else I will have to call Bruce, he did warn me that you would be overwhelmed and emotionally fragile for the first few weeks after the baby was born.”
“No, you can’t be Tony, you didn’t recognize me, and you flinched away from my touch, my Tony would know me anywhere, any time.  You are lying.”
“There we go you are being such a good boy for my Pepper, you feeling good, all floaty and tingly? Just nod your head, yep, great feeling isn’t it? But just you wait until she sinks her cock into you and knots you for the first time, once you been knotted by Pepper you will do anything to get her to do it again.”
Pepper shuddered as another load of cum drenched her face and hair, her throat was raw and throbbing but at least she no longer recoiled or gagged when a cock was thrust unceremoniously down her throat.  The click of the door closing heralded the end of the session, she had lost count of the amount of cocks she had licked and sucked and had nearly suffocated on once or twice.
Steve is a manipulative bastard, poor Tony does not stand a chance.  Lydia needs to be struck-off.
Clint opened his mouth but a glare from Steve and Natasha soon had him snapping it shut.  Steve motioned everyone to start eating again. Bruce stumbled into the kitchen grabbed his coffee cup and sat down next to Steve. Glancing down he noticed Tony kneeling by Steve’s leg.
Ms Potts has smirked at him, as he knelt before her, grabbed his hair and pushed his face firmly between her thighs and told him to prove to her that he meant it.
“So..sorry daddy, I will try to be a good bb..boy, I know if I am a bad boy you will have to punish me, but please don’t leave me.  I love you, daddy, I want to make you happy, you can do anything you want as long as you stay.”
Steve tugged the plug out, and slid balls deep with one single thrust, he took a moment to enjoy the distressed sounds coming from new Tony’s mouth before he withdrew until just the head of his cock was being held by the tight ring of muscles.  Grabbing hold of thin hips, he thrust deep, setting a brutal pace as he pounded the omega’s tight hole, he could feel the barbs on his cock grazing the soft slick coated flesh as they began to extend, grabbing hold of the omega’s cheeks he pulled them wide apart so he could watch his cock slide in and out, slick and tiny drops of blood coating his thick length.
Bruce never missed his target, Steve watched as Tony’s pussy and clit turned red, the purple the swollen flesh glistening with her juices. He could see the pool of slick gathering on the floor so let Bruce continue when his aim changed to smooth skin where her cock had been.  Only when a steak of blood appeared did he call a halt.
“Thank you Nurse Meyer, Tony is going to eat and drink all his breakfast to show what a good boy he is and as his way of saying sorry to you for his atrocious behaviour.  Isn’t that right baby?”
Winter slipped his fingers in to the tight velvet heat of Tony’s cunt whilst continuing to rub the engorged clit until the omega was a writhing hot sweaty mess, begging Winter to give him release.
Tell you what, why don’t we make you all smooth down there, l am sure  Dr Loki and Dr Strange could make it happen, or maybe l could just take off this little ring and watch it shrink even more.
Now what have you decided to do about his arm, it’s not needed, he will be easier to control without it, he doesn’t need upper body strength, just good leg and stomach muscles for all that thrusting and standing.
He grinned against Tony’s neck sucking up deep red marks across his shoulders as one hand massaged his omega’s stomach and the other started to fondle his whimpering and whining omega’s poor neglected cock, not that it would bring him any pleasure as it was still firmly confined in its heavy metal cage, Tony would have to earn its release.
“I think my little twink is really keen to be a film star, lets call the director over and see if he can find a part for you.”
“I would recommend that you increase the width at double the rate you are now, let the wand length at the same rate as now.  You will need to be able to breech your omega’s birth canal sooner rather than later as I do not think he will last the full six months.
“Natasha what the hell is going on?  You were supposed to get him comfortable and unbound.  Why is he still wearing that muzzle? And why have you chained him to the bed?”
Mountain Rise may looks lovely from the outside.
“Shhh, just one more thing to examine then you can go back to playing with your toys.”
Finally, he managed to swallow the last mouthful flopping back on to the pillows groaning and rubbing his bloated stomach.  He could feel the pups moving around now a strange but comforting feeling, scary to think that they were totally reliant on him to provide everything they needed to survive whilst inside him.   It was the only reason he was not throwing a total fit about Steve’s obsession with fattening him up.
Tony stirred the moment he smelt coffee, his stomach rumbled as his parched throat made it impossible for him to do more than croak out a plea for some coffee.
“Bruce will he be ready for tomorrow morning?  The Inspector will be expecting at least a measure of control and knowledge from Stark about proper omega behaviour, they are working under the assumption that even if he has denied his orientation since presentation he would have been around enough omegas to be aware of what is expected of them when they appear in public situations.”
Eyes staring forward she walked behind Natasha, aware of the stares following her every step.  Natasha had thrown her shoes, skirt, and silk blouse at her after she had untied her, she had not even allowed her to wash up before dressing. Her blouse clung to her body, sticky and wet and she could feel cum dripping from her sex as she walked, Bruce had met them half way smirking as he stroked the curve of her cum filled belly, Natasha had disappeared leaving Bruce to escort her the rest of the way.
Tied to the hound she could do nothing but swallow the cum flooding her mouth and try to breathe through the pain of the hound’s thick knot splitting her in two.
Adorable, that was the only way to describe Tony as he stared anxiously up at him with his large doe eyes, cheeks flushed bright red, as his teeth nervously bit his bottom lip.
Finally, he circled the strange bitch, who had not long ago given birth.  He knew that if he waited just a bit longer her womb would be ripe to be bred again, it was his favourite thing to do, he would catch the heady scent of a new mother and then wait for that subtle shift in her scent that told him he would be the father of her next litter. Nose buried in her pussy he lapped up her juices and waited, he was aware of the humans watching him but didn’t care as long as they left him alone.
“Good little omega,” both Alphas respond.
Tony could tell by the short length of clit that he had worked into Loki’s cunt that it would not reach her cunt spot, which he assumed was the equivalent to an human omega’s g spot.
“God boy, just a few more minutes and my knot will go down and you can just suckle on my cock and keep it warm.  You have pleased my tonight with your behaviour, l think that a reward is due, now you have a choice and l want you to think carefully before you give your answer.
“ l would ask that everyone remain still and quiet until the Winter Wolf has reached the dais and the security walls have engaged.
Steve stood to the side admiring the view of his omega bound and helpless, reaching down he released the straps around Tony’s head and pulled the ball gag free placing it on the bedside table still in view.
Tony finally is free of the therapy room.
“How is the training going Captain Rogers, when do you think he will be able to start working in the lab? The updates for the latest Stark Phone and Notepad are due by the end of the month.
Steve left Tony kneeling on the floor with strict instructions to clean the desk and floor of any cum using only his tongue, any deviation from this would incur more punishment.  To insure that he would not try escape whilst he was gone he had secured Tony’s hands behind his back and to one ankle using his leather belt.  Slapping Tony’s still reddened ass hard one last time he turned and left the office.
“Nah, it just been a couple of weeks since l managed to sneak out to the bar with some friends.  Can I have another one, best dam Vodka I have ever tasted.”
A shiver ran through her as he raked his eyes over her from head to toe. The smile on his face was dark as he turned to Natasha.
Widow drilled Pepper’s cunt, her hand yanking on the harness so that Pepper was forced to rise up so that Clint could slap her face with his cock, poor Pepper just took it, lips licking  at the precum coating her lips.
Natasha and Clint stumbled into their bedroom ripping off each other’s clothes, their professional closeness followed through into their personal lives, neither were bothered about finding an omega of their own, Alpha/Alpha relationships were frowned upon but not illegal and with a pack omega they could fulfil their alpha need to dominate and procreate.  The fact that it was Tony Stark who had been a thorn in their side and SHEILD’s made it even more satisfying, seeing the mouthy unruly arrogant omega bought to heel by his Alphas and being allowed to partake in his subjugation and humiliation had them returning to their suite at night highly aroused and wanting to fuck each other all night.
Steve reacted without thinking, he gathered Tony into his arms, kissing away the tears falling down his cheeks, he caressed the omega’s shaking limbs, rubbing his scent onto his pulse points to calm the distressed omega.  He lay down on the bed, keeping Tony covered with the whole of his body as the little omega raged and cried, screamed and wailed against the world.  He gave him time to tire himself out before he gently began to kiss his swollen lips and tear stained face.  His fingers traced across the calming bundle of nerves on the back of Tony’s neck, exerting the tiniest bit of pressure, just enough for the tension to drop from trembling limbs.
“I want…I want.. empty so empty need something! What’s going on?  Please.. please I need you to fill me up, fuck me, please fuck me full of cum and babies!
Put your hand here and tug on her clit, twisting it slightly, that’s it, your small hands are ideal.  Now you need to push her pussy rings together to form a sheath for her clit and thread it through. It is a tight fit but just tug it through, there we go, now push the crystal tip and the free length up into her cunt.
“Ooops, don’t suppose I am going to get my chocolate covered strawberries now by any chance?  Yep, that’s what I thought, well I am suddenly feeling very tired so think I will take a very long nap now, so off you all go, nothing to see here.”
Now there is nothing to be ashamed of by using your diaper, big or little you will wear one, your bladder is weak due to all the drugs and alcohol you have used, and your bowels will be sensitive as well, that’s why you need to have daily enemas.  Now don’t be a silly boy and give yourself an even worse tummy ache, let go, and daddy will clean you up when we get back to your nursery, silly daddy forgot to pack your changing bag.”
Pepper was glad when Happy whispered repeatedly ‘sex doll’ in to her ear, it scared her how horny she was even before sex doll walked confidently on to the set.
Before covering his sleeping boy with a soft fleece blanket he ran his hand over his thickly diapered crotch, squeezing the thick natural cotton padding.  Slipping his fingers inside he checked for any wetness, frowning when his fingers traced the length of his baby boy’s penis, the dry diaper was disappointing but not totally unexpected it would take time for Tony’s bladder to naturally let go, undoing years of the ingrained habit to pee in a toilet. Pulling up the side of the crib he sat back in the rocker watching his sleeping baby, once the next feed had been given he would retire to his bed and nurse Meyer would watch over Tony for the rest of the night.
Chapter 19
“Steve please, please, I want… I need you to …… mmmmh, ahh, oh god please Alpha I need……”
As the warm creamy milk began to flow down into his stomach he realised how hungry he actually was and began to suck faster on the teat, he was to tired to care about voice in his head telling him that this was all wrong and he needed to fight.  Soon his tummy felt full, so he tried to push the teat out of his mouth.
The forced inactivity due to his injuries works in our favour when it comes to increasing your omega’s weight to a healthy level.  I would continue as you are doing, encouraging him to eat at every opportunity, giving him treats and rewarding him for hitting his targets for weight gain each week.
When he next awoke soft music was playing, the screens were showing images of him as a baby and young child, the newspaper articles all spoke of the ‘Adorable young genius.’  How he was so polite and well behaved at social events and Stark Industry launches. How he had made his first circuit board at the tender age of 4 and an engine when he was only 6 years old.
Pepper and Tony spend time together, Peter suffers the consequences of his bad behaviour.
“Please, please, please,  mmmmmm, m..more,  ahhhhh!”
“Shhh, omega this is only the beginning, seven more to go.”
He had been very impressed by how knowledgeable and business savvy the Captain and Natasha were, it appeared their own Tony Stark had been seriously injured and died just before Tony had been thrust into their world.  He understood the deception from a business angle, Stark Industries was Tony Stark and the ruse that he was found to be a hidden omega and needed the cradle to heal, was a genius plan to stop anyone getting suspicious of the noticeable differences in behaviour and age.   That Tony turned out to be The Captain’s mate was fortuitous and he was happy from the videos, even those that had shown his original punishments for being found to be an omega that Tony had been in agreement of the ruse and genuinely wanted to be the captain’s bonded omega and  had participated enthusiastically in his training and subsequent breeding.
Darcy felt nothing as the babies fed, there was no maternal, overwhelming love, just relief that it was finally  over and dread that she would have to go through this again and again.  Her nipples ached and as the boy continued to feed, the little girl needing far less had already fallen asleep.  There was no desire to protect her babies from other people as finally the midwife took them away to be cleaned and checked over.  Tears dripped down her face as she drifted off into an exhausted sleep.
“Steve, you had the veil on, l had just been kidnapped again and that bitch had been tormenting me, l always knew she didn’t like me, but she is supposed to be a top spy, how could she not have realized it was me!”
The beautiful man/boy that lay sleeping on their bed was utterly stunning, petite of body with ethereal facial features surrounded by dark curls, thick long lashes fluttered against pale skin, plump lips twitching as Winter ran his fingers along the soft curve of his jaw, tracing the delicate shape of his ears.
“Such a pale insipid thing, neither beautiful or graceful, still l suppose you will do for Lord Barnes, after all he has been through he deserves to finally have his wayward omega.
Winter withdrew his fingers wiping the sticky digits over the tattoo of Captain America’s shield on each thigh.
Steve watched Bruce’s face as he talked, there was no lust or emotion focused on Tony as he continued to slowly fuck him, it’s what had cooled his initial anger when he had first caught sight of him with his omega.  He pressed down as Tony began to suckle on his cock, his omega’s lips spread wide.
Meanwhile Tony was feeling the full force of Captain America, Pack Alpha and omega’s prospective mate’s disappointed face.
Bruce sat with his tablet keeping track of the calories, the upswing in the amount of food Tony was consuming could only mean one thing, he was pregnant.  He looked at the way Steve was constantly touching Tony’s stomach and the soft smile on his face, catching his eye he pointed at the omega’s stomach, the nod from Steve confirmed his suspicion.
needs your cum is on the edge of shock.
Now I need you to sheath your cock in her cunt and fuck her hard, ensuring that you come in all over her cunt lips and her clit, then you need to massage it into her lips and clit. After that the ice crystals will react to only your touch and that of mine.  Our touch will lock and unlock the rings, cause them to increase or decrease in size and weight, with a simple magic spell. The ice crystals injected into her clit will react with the cum and encourage the growth of new nerves and tissue thus making it larger and easier to stretch and manipulate.
I hope this is a bit more of a happier chapter for you all.
His loud arrogant behaviour, cutting remarks and trade mark smirk had become his armour against a world that wanted to see him be put firmly in his place.  If he had been any other omega he would never have gotten away with it but the Stark name kept him safe and Pepper had ensured that any sleazy money grabbing Alphas were firmly shown the door.
3.	You will be naked unless otherwise dressed by your Alphas, this is so that all the pack can see the growth of your omega pouch and ensure that your overall weight is increasing along with being able to watch for when you need milking.  Omegas in their natural state are ready to service their Alphas at any given time as well as feed their pups.
“Mmmmmm uffff”
You will find some rubber and leather mitts in the playroom closet, if you want to use other means that’s up to you but I expect him to be bound until he has learned his lesson.”
“Do not cry little omega, I am Prince of Asgard, God of thunder, lightning, storms, oak trees, strength, hallowing and fertility. The protector of mankind.
You my dear are going to constantly loath and love being my omega, you had the chance to accept my offer but it’s gone now!”
“Doctor Banner l want my meg’s udders to be as large as you can make them and her teats at least 5 inches long and fat as my thumb.  It won’t matter if she can’t stand up straight as she will be crawling or kneeling from now on, apart from her last public appearance tomorrow where she will give her last speech before retiring for the birth.”
“I have transferred the $10,000,000 to the Centre’s bank account, now give me the papers to sign so that we can get on with making my sweet baby boy perfect.
Steve wants nothing more to bend his omega over and fuck him senseless, but that would not work with the plans he had for his omega for later in the evening.  Ignoring his omegas mewls of disappointment he withdraws his fingers wraps Tony in a thin robe and leads him to the bedroom sitting him down in front of the dressing table.
“Go ahead dear, I just need to take this call it’s from my security detail, probably with news of your brother, the loveseat by the fire has a coffee table that you can set it down on.”
He raised above his shaking omega orgasm exploding and once again coating his already cum soaked omega.  He watched in satisfaction as cum soaked Tony’s head and face, streams of cum running down over his chest and stomach.
Steve did flinch this time when a huge meaty hand landed on his shoulder and pulled him up against Bruce’s chest, the burn at the root of his cock as the skin stretched where his cock and balls were trapped in Tony’s mouth was excruciating.
All l heard was ‘l, want! I, want!’, do you think that is how a grown man behaves? More like a spoilt, rich bratty kid.
Chapter 22
“Бесполезно,”
Any omegas that showed intelligence beyond normal parameters were set to work in whatever field they excelled at, they were kept under close supervision and bred continuously at the same time by many different highly intelligent alphas to widen the gene pool and produce high quality alpha pups.”
Chapter 61
Chapter 31
Steve watched Winter pace round the confines of his cage, flexing his new metal arm, bringing it up to his nose and inhaling the lingering sweet scent of Tony Pup.   He stared as Winter stroked his cock through the material of his cargo trousers, when that wasn’t enough, he dragged his cock out, fisting it until his cum spurted all over his hand.
His dark brown hair had grown out in the last couple of months now a mop of unruly curls.  The loss of his facial hair highlights the softening of the bone structure of his once sharp jaw line. Wrinkles and laughter lines were smoothing out due to the serum his skin glowed healthily he looked ten years younger, the dark bags under his eyes had faded away and thick lashes framed bright clear eyes no longer blood shot and fatigued.
“Steve you have my word of honour as an Alpha.”
Bruce with nothing left to do settled down on the sofa with a mug of tea to watch Tony being vigorously pummelled by the dilldos in his ass and pussy.  Bruce had relented and stopped the third one from fucking the omega’s mouth, after his red lipstick was thoroughly smeared all over his mouth and the omega was drooling, blissed out on multiple orgasms.  He looked thoroughly debauched, his hair having come loose, tumbling over his shoulders and clinging to his tear-stained cheeks.  Tony’s tits were jiggling, the teats leaking small pearls of milk, Bruce would have liked nothing more than to shove his cock down the omega’s throat, but he needed to deal with a certain super soldier.
Bruce personally escorted Tony down to the lab, hand constantly rubbing the knot of nerves on the back of his neck, keeping the small omega calm, and settled.  He didn’t want any question from the omega or for Tony to take too much notice of what was going on.
They are greeted with smiles and hugs of congratulations, Steve loves how much Tony blushes at all the praise, how he curls in close to him as they sit on the couch waiting for the Pizza to arrive.  Film night was a tradition that they all enjoyed.
Now you just suck on my knot and think of all the ways that you can improve your behaviour so that you learn the ability to come untouched and on demand whenever your alpha wants.
Tony opened his eyes, the warmth of Steve’s hands stroking his sides, settling him, he snuggled against the solid mass of Steve’s chest.  He had wanted this to happen for so long, he couldn’t remember a time when his heart was immune to the glory that was Captain Steve Rogers.
May rode the stud for over an hour before he knotted her and even then, Peter could see she was still bouncing slightly, milking all his cum into her cunt.  He thought that would be the end of it, but the herder, pushed her forward so the stud could latch onto her teats and drink from her. Peter wondered what her milk tasted like, the stud was moaning and grunting as he chewed on each of her nipples, not even making a dent in the amount of milk in her huge tits.
“There we go I bet that feels much more comfortable, now let’s sit you up and get you into these lovely pyjamas that your Captain Rogers bought specially for you.”
“Everyone can see what a dirty, used up whore you are.  They will never recognise or acknowledge you as Prince Loki ever again.”
“Daisy, this is not going to stop until you are a good little milk bitch and say thank you to Hulk properly!”   Steve barked at her.
May desperately shook her head, winching at the pull on her hair.
We will walk a mile and then rest, I will carry you if you cannot cope but I want to save my energy for now, in case we hit trouble and have to make a run for it.”
“I’m a..sorry d..daddy, l wanna’d to get you p…plushie”
The pups were mostly human in appearance apart their eyes, they were developing at a faster rate than normal babies, at three months already crawling and sitting.  By the time Pepper went into labour they were the size of toddlers and could run and jump around with great agility, and speed.  Natty was carrying another six pups, Bruce and the Professor had been ecstatic, Natasha smug as she had purchased Raider and after speaking to his previous owners had surmised that he had a special sense that recognised when a bitch that had just birthed was fertile.
“Go ahead and work on it if you would like Sira, it’s going to be a couple of hours before any results come through.   Jarvis can display the plans for you in 3D, and as you know Loki’s body and its limits you can adapt and add your own ideas.
Steve sighed, it was so typical of Tony to think he knew what was best, on a good day before they bonded Tony had lived on coffee, smoothies and the odd energy bar.  Bad days were far more frequent with no food consumption at all just coffee.  Steve had taken to dragging him to the kitchen to eat if he caught him outside of his workshop.  Tony had protested and thrown tantrums screaming that he was not a child, not even realising that his behaviour made a mockery of that statement.
Think you can do that? It will make me a very happy daddy.”
Happy up until now had been the only omega that she had personally fully bonded with, his open and easy nature appealed to her straight away and finding out by chance after the Killian debacle that he was sexually submissive to the extreme had her fucking and fully bonding him to her within a week, even though he could not be bred due to his injuries.
“Tony, sweetheart, l am not angry anymore, there is no point.  Steve may have taken my choice away at first, but Happy is right, in the beginning l could have run, there were times as Pepper that l could have got away. But l stayed, l wasn’t going to give up being CEO of Stark Industries without a fight.  I stupidly thought l could break the conditioning of Sex Doll, but l realized after a while that l was having as many orgasms as Pepper as I was as Sex Doll.
“Why, because I am a Dominant Super Alpha, control is everything, I will not tolerate any alpha that cannot submit or is a challenge my position.  The Avengers is a Battle Pack and thus is structured around my leadership, they all know their place within the pack.
Bruce controlled the change, gradually reducing Hulk’s monster cock until he could easily slide out of May’s gaping cunt, stepping back as cum gushed out onto the floor.
“Jarvis, Mozart concerto Number 23 please.”
It was difficult to remember that there was a time when he had been independent and free to do as he wanted, that a universe away he had had a life and friends and was a super hero, the owner of his own Company.  That he was an Avenger and friends with Captain America.
Now let’s clean up and get you omega to feed her pup.  We can discuss this tonight, l have sent some information to your Stark Pad which will help.”
Aww doll, you have such pretty blue eyes, don’t worry about anything, just enjoyed the fact that you are finally going to lose your virginity and be claimed.
Winter watched as Steve fed their omega the last spoonful of omega mush, he noted that Tony let out a sigh of relief thinking that was the last of his food, they had already fed him two bottles of cum shake and the large bowl of omega feed.  Winter smirked as he pulled the bottle of cum shake from behind his back and placed the teat against the omega’s lips.
Steve held each heavy breast, fascinated by the deep purple hue of the skin, although free of the suction cups the bands would ensure that the blood flow remained partially restricted, the deep colour would lighten slightly but still be an obvious contrast to the rest of Tony’s pale skin.
He was a bonded omega subject to the rule of his Alpha in all aspects of his life.  Being a genius and Iron man gave him some leeway out in the field but once the suit was off he was Captain America’s omega and bound by his bond.
After that if you are a really good boy I could drag out those crystal beads one by one whilst your pucker stretches and burns, then as you are writhing beneath me I could slide in to your dark heat grind against your nub until a river of slick soaks your ass and thighs.  Then I would keep you hanging off my knot as I watch your belly swell with cum and your tits weep with sweet nectar.”
Breasts are developing nicely, good large nipples and areola a sign that his tits will be large, his milk will definitely come in before the pups are born.  You will need to milk him to reduce the pain of distended overfilled tits and to ensure his milk does not dry up without the stimulation of pups sucking on them.
Tony was lost in a swirling pool of Alpha lust and pheromones breathless and strung out, his whole body screaming for satisfaction. His whining at the loss of Steve’s lips turned to screams as two sets teeth bit down on his shoulders.
“Ms Potts the Avengers Pack would be honoured to welcome Tony in to our Pack as our Omega.  I can promise you that we will love and cherish him and treat his as the treasure that he is. I understand that Tony will fight and rebel against the restrictions and changes to his life he will face as an omega, but we will guide him and care for him and give him time to adapt.  I would be honoured to take him as my mate, I care for him a great deal and did not initiate a relationship when I thought he was base-line for fear of causing him hurt and pain when the inevitable happened.”
What was left of the Avengers, silently gave their consent, too stunned and exhausted to comprehend Thor’s words.
“Tony you look absolutely beautiful, my best girl is stunning in this outfit, l want this dress in black for the Military Benefit next week.”
Bruce spent years on Earth and then Asgard, but then decided to travel through space to help planets with their Omega problems.
“Omega this is becoming a common occurrence when you climax, you get so excited that you piss yourself , l know that it can be a thing with omegas, even though it is rare.  Now l don’t mind the occasional loss of control, but not every time as it’s messy and not going to be appropriate for certain venues and occasions.
“Stevie, I think that may be the little bitch would put on the weight needed if there were two Alphas feeding him, after all the breeder is carrying super soldier pups.
The second photo was the cover of Time Magazine, Steve and Winter were standing in full uniform, vibranium arm and shield in full view, Tony kneeling between them head bowed, body artfully draped in the American flag the curve of his pregnant belly prominently on display along with a half exposed naked breast.  Captain America’s hand cupped his neck whilst Winter’s metal fingers clasped his shoulder. The perfect image of Alpha dominance and Omega submission, a tantalising display of perfection.
Steve escorted Tony to the shoot which had been set up in one of the large conference rooms in the Tower.  He had clear veto on what outfits his omega could be dressed in and had agreed to be in few of the photos.
It his body is where the biggest changes have occurred due to his bonding and pregnancy. Once lean and wiry with a considerable larger muscle mass that most omegas his body is now soft padded with a layer of fat and his muscles all but gone.  His hips have spread to accommodate his pregnant belly giving him a natural curve and a slight bowing of his legs.
Stupidly he had forgotten Alpha Steve’s mental link, warm knowing fingers flicked and rubbed his clit, whilst cold metal fingers fucked up into his pussy bringing him to the edge over and over again.  Just when he thought he could tip over and gain the release he was so desperate for they would withdraw until he settled, only to begin their cruel build up once again.
The Black Smith did allow him to draw out his designs for mechanical toys for the pups and on occasion he would come to the forge and find the parts ready for him to assemble, using the small tool kit that Colborn had made him.
Thor watched from the shadows as they shot, they’re cum over her face and ass, then smacked Frigga’s tits and ass with a large wooden spoon.
Hunger finally sated for the time being, he spent his time cuddling with the girls after feeding and changing them.  He was endlessly fascinated by their tiny hands grabbing on to his fingers and the way they all stared wide eyed as he walked them through the work shop chattering away about all the different projects he had on various work tables.  It continuously amazed him the depth of love he felt each time he held them, the sense of wonder that these three little humans were his children.
His one night stands were just that, gone in the morning and never a repeat performance.  Tony was always in control of the sex and JARVIS was on standby with a tranquilizer dart if things started to get out of control.
Winter and Tony get aquainted
Winter’s fingers join his in teasing the omega’s holes, pushing and twisting the plug and dildo until Tony screams through his orgasm, a small trickle of cum leaks from his still caged cock much to the two Alphas amusement.
“Excuse me ladies and gentlemen, Tony is not feeling well, this first public appearance has been quite difficult for my husband and I think he needs some fresh air and a few quiet minutes to gather himself.
She was given the choice, either a twenty-five-year prison sentence or to serve her sentence as an indentured servant to those she had wronged, with no say in how she is treated.
Tony’s stress levels had risen along with his drinking and drug taking once again due to the pressures he placed on himself to ensure Stark Industries recovered from the shutdown of weapons manufacturing.  The constant need to produce new products for the board of directors meant endless sleepless nights lost in engineering binges.  His erratic and out of control behaviour had led to one to many public meltdowns, with the media capturing all and exposing them to the world.
It was the perfect distraction as he couldn’t use his omega for the next few hours.  Tony was strapped into his crate, holes filled and penis feeding gag stretching his lips and throat. The exhausted omega was been fed his high protein goop, Jarvis having calculated that a much higher calorific meal replacement was needed to finally break up the remaining alpha based muscle tissue in his pecs and stomach.  Jarvis’s constant monitoring of the omega proving to be extremely valuable, Bruce only needed to intervene if there were physical injuries that needed medical attention that Jarvis could not provide through his use of one of the remaining suits or his many articulated tentacle arms.
Chapter 35
A thorough inspection turned out to be a spit roasting between two super soldier who couldn’t keep their hands of his bruised and swollen nipples, his howls of pain could be heard across in the barns.
He knew he had it bad, he wanted Tony to be his mate but Alpha pairings were taboo, Alphas mated with omegas through arranged mating and marriage, or if they picked to bond with a beta they could attempt to turn them into an omega.  The percentage of success was about 60% so as omegas were rare and you need to be able to offer a mating price commensurate with the worth of the breeding line of the omega, many Alphas chose to bond with a beta with the objective to turn them so that they could secure a mating and breeding bond.
“Doll don’t you look just fuckable as hell, get down on you knees and come suck us off before we leave, its I shame we don’t have time to ruin your holes.”
I want soft little balls and a small cock, with the option if possible to reduce the size of his cock further, I think this will be the ultimate punishment threat.  I want him to have no control over it getting hard or squirting a small amount of cum.
Mr President, would it be possible for our bitch to spend the day in the Milking Barn, make a start on her titties getting big again, I fancy having her milk in my coffee every day.
Don’t love it, don’t, don’t don’t!”
Happy and Steve  forced Pepper to watch the video on the large screen as they played with her.  Steve’s eyes narrowed as he watched Pepper try to lock herself in the bathroom to escape David’s tit torture when he had kindly allowed her a pee break.
Steve ran his fingers over his omega’s lips coating them in glistening pussy juice before slipping them in to his open mouth.  Tony’s tongue began to lick and suck his sticky fingers as he tried to fuck himself on his Alpha’s knot.
Once in the bathroom he quickly stripped Tony out of his trousers, ripping the side seam of the pull-up he held the sodden mess in front of Tony’s pale face.
How dare you speak to me in that way, after all that I done for you, without me you would be nothing but a pathetic drugged up little rich boy!  I waited for you to grow up and when you didn’t, I took matters into my own hands, Pepper agreed, hell even Rhodey said that marrying me was the best possible solution to your craziness.
