He’d been pretty good about that. There was nothing that Steve and Tony did for him that he couldn’t do on his own… until… until it came time for
The velvet box sits closed on the table. Bucky see’s it and doesn’t comment. Sam see’s it and his face turns all the more saddened. Bruce and Dr. Cho, Pepper, Rhodey, they are all too busy staring at Tony’s sleeping form.
He wasn’t even really sure what he’d been expecting when he’d shuffled through the apartment and ended up standing there.
Bucky knew Steve’s team didn’t like him very much, but Steve and Tony did, and that’s all he needed right now. He’d consider making more friends once he figured out how to eat toast.
Eventually, Tony’s mind wandered back to his troubleshooting, and he pulled up the screen to finish up.
Even more so when he’d forced the popsicle past Steve’s lips, kissed Steve’s cheek and called, “See you tonight, don’t forget to chill the wine,” on his way to the elevator.
“Alrightie, Princess,” Tony said, and stuck the purple one in his own mouth, then the pink one in Bucky’s.
Throughout the argument, Tony and Fury’s back and forth, Steve says nothing. Steve says nothing on the matter at all, actually, but the team all still find out about Tony and Fury’s spat the next day.
Steve’s not interested in bashing his emotions out with the shield. Not unless it’s on Killian’s face. He’s not useful as a battering ram against anyone. He’s too unpredictable right now.
Steve’s heart clenched painfully. Bucky was slipping, fear raising and breathing speeding up in panic.
“Waking up, fifteen years old, I knew I wasn’t going to be the best soulmate to whoever it was, I knew my life was going to make their’s hell, but I still wanted one, even knowing my parents were soulmates and they were shit together. I looked forward to that little bit of sentiment,” he rubs mindlessly at the mark, “Instead, I got this,” he says with a shrug.
Steve was an alpha, thus he was incapable of making his own pack. Packs were inherited by alphas from their omega mate. That was why alphas were anti-social and omegas were friendly.
“Eh,” Tony says again, waving a hand, “I don’t put much stock in that soulmate shit anyway,” he sighs, “Better off not knowing. Keep your shirt on during sex, cover it up with some pen ink and be rid of it all,” he said loftily.
Tony just smiles softly though, “I took that to mean I was mature for my age,” he says with a wink at Steve.
Steve thought about it a lot, but they rarely spoke about it, and never again around the team. Already the information that Tony Stark’s soulmate was dead had been updated in his Shield file. Steve didn’t blame Natasha for reporting it, but he still cringed at how fast the change was made.
They’re drunk. Both of them. Tony couldn’t have said who was worse off, really. Steve was a lightweight of course, but Tony had a head start and the experience that made getting wasted as hard and fast as possible damn near second nature.
Tony’s penthouse reeks of him. His scent floods Steve’s body and soothes the horrible pain and guilt for only as long as Steve could let it. He thinks if he wanted it to, Tony’s scent could soothe Steve for a lifetime.
Clint had been aggressive towards Bucky at first, and then he was aggressive in his plight to become Bucky’s
Maybe that is why Tony wondered about not liking your soulmate. He doubts it, but still wonders after it anyway.
Until Steve brought him back to New York, to America. To the tower he lived in with his new team, and his new boyfriend.
He can’t pull his hand away even under scrutiny. It’s not possessive, but Tony doesn’t know what it is.
. It was so, so faint, Tony had thought it might just have been in his head. It was not a hormone cycle, not really. If it had been, Steve would have smelt sticky sweet and like thick melting sugar in Tony’s throat. He hadn’t smelt like that, although Tony knew that was what Steve’s body thought was happening.
Bruce had been by, stopped to see Tony for a few measly moments before he was leaving again, talking in that language that he and Tony and Dr. Cho always did, that Steve did not understand.
Doesn’t take long for Steve to move to sitting on the bartop, feet on the stool as he laughs and laughs about Fury’s face when Steve walked out on him. Tony’s has to tilt his head up to see Steve, but he’s used to that, and it’s not like it ever really felt wrong anyway.
He understood why Steve had fallen for him, understood why Steve was willing to go to the ends of the earth for him.
Tony can’t help but wonder for how long when he sees the way Barnes clings to Steve, tired and afraid and oh so jaded.
He hadn’t really known what to do about that. He had never hated his Alpha status before then. Found parts of it to be frustrating, yes, but never minded it as much as he did then.
“The tattoo,” Steve says, taking it as permission to continue on the topic, and he doesn’t whisper either, doesn’t make it more intimate than he needs to. “It’s a beautiful memorial, Tony,” he says.
He doesn’t entertain the idea of pretending he hasn’t seen the box, not for a second. Maybe if Natasha had brought this to him days ago, when Steve was vibrating with stress but still pulling a dull smile for the nurses and Dr. Cho. Still hopeful. Still waiting for news. Waiting for Tony to wake up.
That’s how he was given the nickname, ‘Princess’ and so he blamed Sam when that became Tony’s new favourite.
It had never mattered what Steve was or wasn’t to Tony. He loved him anyway. Loved him knowing it was hopeless to do so. Now, Tony wonders if that wasn’t true at all.
Tony smiles one of those smiles at his own expense, “No,” he says, “A much, much worse man,” he answers.
Tony had done the proper alpha thing and kept his nose out of Steve’s business when Nat sent news of the Winter Soldier’s identity to the rest of the team. Whether that was because Steve and Tony were at odds, or because of the implications of an alpha coming to help save Steve’s beta, it was hard for Steve to have said.
Bucky sat in murky grey water, pink from the heat while Steve gently poured water over his head, trying to get his hair clean and detangled.
Tony’s eyes are honey warm and bright, wide and glistening with tears because he knows something’s up. Can see the tears in Steve’s eyes too. His hair, his beard… Tony has never looked less put together, and yet he is here, alive, awake and squeezing Steve’s hand.
Maybe he is, but maybe not for the reason she believes. He doesn’t think he’s that transparent. Doesn’t think Tony would ignore it if he was.
He’d known that since Steve had ambushed the bunker housing the sleeping Winter Soldier and Bucky had failed to defend the base when he saw the attackers face. Known it since he turned and ran as fast and as far as he could.
Tony’s forced smile relaxes minutely, until he almost looks like he’s smiling for real, just a small sad thing.
Tony’s laugh is harsher than Steve expected, and he shakes his head, “Love at first sight, really Rogers?” he asks, but there’s less teasing in his voice now.
He is familiar with that smile. Its reserved for when Steve reacts to something in an appropriate twenty-first century manner instead of the knee jerk reaction that he wants to have to something.
He does not represent the epitome of human perfection, nor the pinnacle of good and righteous. There is no part of Steve that feels
“Yeah,” Tony agreed, sliding down to get comfortable on the pillows, “you’re a big baby,” he teased.
Steve is light in his arms and he still has the audacity to feel real there with his legs wrapped around Tony’s hips as he carried them to the bedroom.
But god, the way Tony was looking at Steve that night… Steve would have believed anything that man said.
“It’s okay,” Steve tried to soothe, “you’re not in trouble,” he assured, that was an important statement to make with him, “just give me the popsicle stick okay?” he said.
It’s different for Steve but he can’t help thinking he wishes it wasn’t. What that means, he cannot accurately say to himself or to Tony. Maybe he wishes it was just different for Tony.
It’s after Peggy’s funeral that Steve is back in New York again, and he’s still rattled by the whole thing. It didn’t feel right being there with Sharon, and Steve thinks that’s not entirely on him. Sharon… she seemed about as distant as Steve imagines he himself has been since the very start of this, since the day they met.
Then they’d talked about how they could use Jarvis to help Bucky sleep on his own, but the whole time Bucky just thought about how Steve’s hands felt in his hair, how warm he’d felt in the middle of them, how Tony had put away his work and slept for once (something Steve was always complaining about).
After that, all of Sam’s attempted nicknames were met with a hard, “No,” and all of Tony’s more ridiculous ones were met with an accepting silence.
They don’t take it as far as they did in the penthouse when they were drunk, which Tony thinks is ironic because he has even less self-control during his rut than he does drunk, but still, the risk of pregnancy is too high not to think about.
Steve feels warm and firm and real, his scent is bright across Tony’s nervous system, sweet, sharp, clean and minty and Tony buries his face against the scent gland at Steve’s throat and the smaller man gasps weakly. Steve’s body goes soft, pliant against Tony.
Tony wishes he could say he felt relief when he realized that Steve wasn’t going to leave him for Bucky, but that would be a lie. Any relief he felt was bittersweet, tainted by the reality that was Bucky Barnes’s suffering.
Steve can’t hold himself together anymore, and the tears start spilling over his cheeks. It was up to Steve to tell Tony about the time that had passed. He took that on when he looked pleadingly at their friends, desperate for a few selfish moments alone with his love.
It was pretty clear they needed some time without Bucky around, if the sheer number of time’s he’d walked in on them getting heated in public spaces was any indication. They’d stopped having sex while Bucky was home once they realized their room was not soundproof for super-soldier hearing, so it was no wonder they were both so… handsy.
He was in a sour mood when he got home, slinking through the hallways to avoid running into anyone else. He took to the vents, avoided even Jarvis in his route to get back to the penthouse. He wanted to lock himself in his room and throw his pillow at the wall for a while. That usually made him feel better.
Tony’s face turns considering, “Alright, classic, I can do classic,” he says, “Jarvis, play Hallelujah for our choir boy, won’t you?”.
“You know,” Tony says slowly, “They might not be dead,” voicing Steve’s greatest fear of all, “or dying,” he adds with a pointed look, like he knows where Steve’s head is at.
Steve gave up the pretense of the workout Tony was interrupting. His breathing was too hard. He had been sweating, but Tony hadn’t been able to smell any alpha pheromones at all.
Tony lets red bleed into his own vision and asserts that he will not be going to mandatory training that afternoon.
The worst thing was that Tony had never been interested in having a mate and the pack that accompanies such. Never found himself drooling over omegas with pretty bond scars running up and down their shoulders, showing off the number of betas they’ve acquired like jewelry hoping to catch the eye of a wealthy alpha. Statistically, there was no need to think about ever finding a mate. The numbers just weren’t there.
Steve remembers missing Tony, and he remembers the way his heart fluttered happily in his chest at the sound of Tony’s approach.
Not when he’s with Tony, he thinks but he doesn’t say it out loud. Just thinks stupidly about non-soulmate marriages for reasons he can’t exactly explain to himself.
Everything Tony was, everything they made together, made Steve a better man. The best man he could be.
Instead of tackling those feelings, Steve asks instead, “Tell me about him,” because it’s mid-summer and Tony’s in a loose open collar shirt that reveals both ink and arc reactor to Steve who wears no shirt at all.
It had taken Natasha two months to notice Steve spent a lot of time alone for a few days every month. She, and everyone else, came to the very wrong conclusion that Steve had probably experienced alpha ruts more often than average and that was why he always got so snappish.
No one had noticed, and no one should have noticed except that Sam had tripped and fallen out of the elevator, looking up from his place on the floor to see Bucky crack a single eye and train his Ruger on the man’s face.
Tony’s tattoo stretches wide and proud, symmetrical across his chest. The tips of wings brush the bottom of his collar bones and feathers stretch down to the bottom of his pectorals. The artwork is done entirely in greyscale, but the detail is extraordinary and lifelike. The arc reactor sits in the center of Tony’s chest, and though Steve can see that the reactor came after the art, and scars have left the ink milky and lines wide in a few places, the tattoo is in no way ruined by its addition.
Steve still has bruised and bloody knuckles when he wraps his fist around the base of Tony’s cock that won’t fit in his mouth.
It’s been weeks with Sharon now, and yet they move at a glacial pace. That’s Steve’s fault, he knows. He just can’t shake the feeling that maybe Tony was right. Sometimes he thinks she’s so perfect it’s suspicious, then he reminds himself that the relationship is bittersweet and flawed anyway so it must be real. Then he thinks that the pain is too spot on to be coincidental, and it’s the whole thing in reverse.
Tony Stark was an over-confident, egotistical, and stereotypical Alpha. When Steve Rogers first met him, the first alpha he had met in the twenty-first century, his scent alone was enough to tip Steve off that Tony was going to be an absolute nightmare to deal with.
Tony had looked a mess, as he so often did after spending the day in his lab. He wasn’t nearly as filthy as he usually was, but his hair stood up on end, and he reeked of sweat and metal. Steve remembers the heat of Tony’s body when he crawled into Steve’s lap, restless and insistent, stealing kisses and Steve’s breath.
“You know what they say, blessed with a curse, and all that” Tony tells him, and Steve is pretty sure that sounds right.
“Hey,” Steve says later the next day after Steve done countless meetings to discuss how to deal with it by not dealing with it, “Where are those files, anyway?” Steve asks.
Steve plans to stay at the tower for the week, and he pretends he’s surprised that Tony look a few vacation days himself, but he’s not, and they spend most of their time sunbathing on the balcony despite the tower full of amenities and one of the most lively cities on earth at their feet.
It’s not what Steve was looking for, but it’s another clue in the puzzle of Tony’s soulmate. A puzzle Steve wasn’t aware he was actively putting together.
Tony made everything feel so easy and normal, even weird things. Like Bucky. Bucky was weird, but Tony made him feel easy and normal. Steve made him feel human and safe. He really liked being near them.
Tony’s scent was not only stronger, but it was different from his day-to-day scent. Even if Steve had never scented another alpha in rut, he knew.
To clarify, it's late August or September in the fic now. The winter holidays will be among our boys in a few more chapters!
He refuses to let Steve stay at the tower when he and Sharon are visiting New York for Shield business. Something about needing time to update security to allow her access, something about being in Hong Kong, something about another bullshit excuse not to let Sharon come to the tower.
Tony’s smile is soft and full of something great when he leans in just that much further and kisses Steve.
with him, but that didn’t change how he felt about Tony—not even a little. In fact, Tony caring for Bucky made him love his genius even more.
What was stopping them now? Some sick part of Tony asked. If they could never work out because they were both alphas… maybe, maybe they would work out now. It was a stupid thought. A bad, bad thought. This wasn’t permanent. It couldn’t be. Steve changed designation for a reason. This was temporary.
Steve’s foot makes its way across the sofa to deliver a gentle kick to go with the small smile Steve flashes over the rim of his cup.
Both know that their breakup had little to do with Iron Man and more to do with the Avengers. One Avenger in particular.
He models the upper half of the suit after Steve’s brown leather jacket from the war. The one he has tried to replace several times in the twenty-first century.
The last button is torn, Tony thinks when he slips Steve’s shirt from his shoulders, his fingertips brushing over every inch of skin revealed as the fabric slides from Steve’s arms and gets trapped between the dip of his back and the edge of the counter.
His scent gets stronger and stronger the longer he waits at the coffee maker. It’s not desire, it’s not slick, it’s just Steve.
Steve sits across the bench, pulling up a rogue computer chair. He starts tidying the screws and wire clippings. Call’s U over with a trash bin and brushes metal scrapings into the bin. He pats the bot’s arm before sending him away.
Tony wonders if Steve’s ability to always get his own way stems from his time spent as an alpha… or if it started here.
Of course, everyone knew that the serum changed Steve’s designation. It was just always presumed that it changed from beta, like the majority of the population, to alpha.
Under the kitchen table, with a gun in each hand and both trained on the elevator, but still. That was where Bucky always slept.
Beginnings, middles, ends—Steve starts to lose it all like he loses the beginnings and ends of his and Tony’s bodies. Of their separation. Of their togetherness.
He thinks about all the conversations they have had up here, and he thinks about how he and Sharon just aren’t there yet in their growing relationship. Aren’t anywhere really.
“When I first read about it in your Shield file, I felt sick,” Steve admits, “There was a picture, but I couldn’t bring myself to look at it,” he says, “After the war, all those camps, I couldn’t stomach seeing another desecrated soulmark,” he says, “It’s what the Nazi’s did to same-se—”
He says it like Steve is right there with him, and Steve has to shake his head, “I can’t,” Steve says. He can’t because if he can, if they’re both so similarly alone then Steve might do something stupid and kiss him. He can’t, because he isn’t sure anyone could every feel as alone as Tony must have felt, must still feel because it’s not like the situation has changed for him.
He can’t stop thinking about how Tony’s soulmate must have died after he turned fifteen for his mark to have been visible to be recorded and for Tony to find. Thinking about how Tony must have done some pile of research into this man before he got the tattoo, and somehow three years didn’t seem like long enough to capture such a beautiful tribute to life as Tony’s tattoo was. Steve wondered if Tony had visited his passed soulmate’s family and friends after finding out, trying to learn about the person who made up his other half.
Then he was crying, wrapping both arms around Steve’s middle and burying his face in Steve’s stomach.
Tony sits on the other side of the couch. Keeps distance between them. Steve won’t leave Barnes’s side anyway.
“Look,” Steve says to Tony, no greeting, no pretense, just straight to the point, “Unless you know something I don’t know, I’m going to have to trust Shield on this,” Steve says because sometimes it really does seem like Tony might know something more than he lets on. More than Steve for certain.
Bucky didn’t have the good grace to ignore Tony, though, and instead he shuffled from side to side and looked imploringly at Tony again.
Tony seriously regrets the high waisted tact pants because of how great they make Steve’s ass look, but it’s the same style as his other suit so he doesn’t think he did it on purpose.
It was Bucky, standing outside their door and looking like he might knock, but also looked like he was about to fall over, and Jarvis had played the sound through his speaker so Tony would notice.
“You can come in, Bucky,” Tony said, then shifted, shaking Steve gently, “Babe, hey wake up,” he whispered, aiming for gentle.
“tha’s for babies,” Bucky mumbled around his thumb, that had returned to his mouth the second Tony released his grip.
“God damn it, Rogers,” he breathes, hitched and broken with pain both real and imagined into a cloud of mist.
“When did you get it?” Steve asks, because he has also noticed that Tony maintains the tattoo very well. It’s recently been touched up, the ink a little darker, the lines sharper than they were the first time Steve saw it a year ago. It means Tony’s had it a long time, yet he doesn’t allow it to fade.
When Tony exits the stall, hair sticking up wild and wet in nothing but a pair of loose sweatpants, Steve see’s the tattoo all over again as Tony comes and sits down next to Steve. Steve’s the only one who didn’t end up in the blast radius of the slime explosion at the end of the mission, and he suddenly feels very overdressed amongst his pajama clad teammates.
He had still trusted Steve with his entire being, but he was afraid that Steve was a prisoner too, at that point.
“Tony is good for you,” Bucky said once, licking his popsicle after Tony had left for his SI office a few floors down.
Bucky then had to listen to Sam outline what was wrong with his behaviour. Sleeping on the floor, sitting up, with weapons in hand. Sleeping during the day. Not entering a ‘rem’ sleep. The list went on, and so did the pitying look on Sam’s face.
It was normal for just Steve and Tony to spend time together when they were both staying at the tower, as rare as an occasion that this was of course. It was rarer still that more than two members of the team were at the tower at any one time, the night after Avengers missions notwithstanding. With Steve and Natasha working for Shield in both DC and New York while they tied up all the loose ends that followed cleaning house post-Hydra and Loki’s tip, and Tony working as both Avenger and for Stark Industries, Bruce traveling all over the globe almost as often as Tony, and Clint spending most time at his family’s farm, there were a lot of nights that found Steve and Tony alone in the tower, finding their way to the balcony to sketch or smoke in the fading evening sunlight.
There was really only so much to be done when it comes to Steve Rogers though. Only so much one can handle.
Someone asks Steve what they all smell like, and he goes around the room with a silly little smile that Tony knows very well now.
Steve’s scent is strong. Tony can’t tell if that’s because Tony’s just not used to it being real, or if that’s just how Steve is in this tiny body.
Tony didn’t know if it was psychosomatic or if Steve had really retained biological characteristics of his prior designation. He’s not sure he will ever find out. A lot of it was just behavioural, Tony had always noticed. It made sense. Steve spent twenty-odd years being the polar opposite of an alpha, it was understandable that he’d retain some of those habits.
Sure, there were a few modern values that Steve didn’t accept quite as readily or quite as hard as he did marriage outside of soulbonds… like say the new trend of taking photos of matching soulmarks for things like social media, or seeing actors and models posing with their exposed soulmarks on the covers of magazines, in picture films, and billboards. For the most part though, Steve considered himself pretty accepting of the new not-so-taboo taboo.
The weight of the situation comes down gently, pressing, pressing until it’s crushing him snuggly in his chest.
“I know,” his best friend agrees, “But you should try and save the PR team any more trouble. They don’t need murder allegations against a national hero”.
Steve had worked his jaw. A tell, as was the way his scent changed. He had been about to lie so Tony stopped him.
“How’d you know it was mine?” Steve asks, since there is no headline running across the screen the way it’s paused.
It marks three months since the relationship they had built since New York fell apart. Two and a half since Steve left for DC. One and a half since he came back. Three weeks since Steve was
Bucky tried to make the sound. Tried to unlock his jaw. Tried and tried and all he could do was push air through his teeth and the growing ball of anxiety, “Rrrr”.
When he noticed that Sam and Nat were in the room and he could identify their anxiety without having opened his eyes.
Objectively Tony knew not to expect Steve to come set up shop in the den the way he did months and months ago. He’s still disappointed when he spends the day alone. He’s still surprised when Jarvis passes on an invitation to movie night in the common room. From Steve.
“It’s great that you’re recognizing the potential for developing a serious dependence and that you’re opening up about it before it goes to far,” she had praised.
Bucky had sat and dutifully sucked on the frozen, sugary juice until it was exactly half finished. His throat felt far less raw, and the black spots had cleared from his vision.
Steve isn’t still. He doesn’t lie there and take like most omegas would. Not that Tony expected him to. Not after all the times they’ve done this.
that came with having fallen asleep and woken up together, limbs entangled and heat shared every night and every morning for a very, very long time.
Tony remembers the moment Steve walked into the lab and went from Disappointed-Captain-America, to terrified realization.
“What makes you say that?” Tony replies, at his regular volume like he cares not for the rest of the team hearing them talk.
Steve shook his head, frustrated with the other man. Steve knew Tony wasn’t really so heartless, wasn’t nearly as unaffected by his soulmates passing as he made it seem. Steve still hated the way Tony mislead everyone, the way he tried to force himself to be bitter and distant instead of accepting the truth.
“He was military,” Tony says, disinterested tone but his eyes haven’t moved, “Died young, went out in a blaze of glory,” he says shortly.
Tony imagines covering more and more of icy skin until Steve is alight with heat the way Tony is always, always alight with it these days.
A heat that only burned brighter when Steve explores Tony’s body next, but with the little sharp points of his teeth, dissecting the scars surrounding the arc reactor with burning peppermint-pink lines.
Steve still puts the team through training everyday, still refuses to let Clint sleep until noon, still makes breakfast for everyone on the weekends. Still keeps the coffee pot full even late into the night when they all know Tony is the only one who’s crawling out of the woodwork wanting it.
Tony is doing him a favour, fixing the splitting strap of his shield for him. Steve’s too polite to just drop it off and leave like he does when it’s SHIELD that’s working on it.
Tony pushed away from the railing with a sigh and Steve worries this is it, that Tony will leave right then because Steve couldn’t find the right words, but Tony doesn’t leave.
That’s what he told himself at least, when the dust had settled and Steve brought Sam back to Avengers tower to meet the rest of the team.
Bucky nodded with a small smile, and then having finished his popsicle and was now sucking on the wooden stick.
He doesn’t let his mouth touch Steve’s throat, not willing to hear if Steve will get far enough into the heat of it that he says out loud what his body is already begging for.
Steve gives up the pretense of being even marginally okay. He refuses to leave even to eat, change his clothes.
To hear Tony admit he thinks himself unworthy of a living soulmate might just be the worst thing of all.
It’s been weeks but there’s been no work for Steve out this way and he has grievance days that won’t do him any good in his DC shoebox apartment.
Bucky made grabby hands at the melting desert and Steve couldn’t see why not, so he handed it over with a “Sure, why not”.
He looks less fragile now in clothes that fit his smaller frame. The image of Steve dwarfed by the Captain America suit could have been comical if it hadn’t been so terrifying.
It isn’t new. He’s woken up alone to cold sheets and Steve no where to be found before. It is not the first time, but this time he can still smell Steve on his sheets and he thinks that maybe this time it’s worse.
It’s horrible to hear Tony admit he believes his soul was meant to be tied to death and nothing else.
When Bucky told Dr. McKinley about how he’d ended up going to Steve and falling asleep in their bed, the doctor was optimistic as always.
Bucky was able to survive on his own, staying off both Hydra’s and Tony’s radar and self-sustaining for a year before they were able to track him down living somewhere in Romania. Finding him had taken four separate algorithms running simultaneously by Jarvis, as well as the intimate knowledge of Hydra’s ‘care’ of the Winter Soldier.
No alpha, no beta, and no omega with Steve’s skill would have let the Winter Soldier inflict the damage that Steve allowed unless it was pack. Steve may not have had Bucky’s teeth marks embedded in his shoulder at the time, but he was still Steve’s pack.
Tony entertains the idea of suiting up and staying that way until this torture is over and he’s subjected to the next stage of agony.
Steve and Tony were the only ones who had seen the full extent of what Hydra had done to his best friend, so he knew what to expect from Bucky even before he’d tracked down the bunker he’d been kept in, and even more so after he spent another year looking for him on the run before he brought him home. Sure, the whole team has been working tirelessly weeding out Hydra after Loki had dropped the surprisingly helpful tip after the Battle of New York, but Steve kept Bucky’s secret close to the chest. It was between him and Tony to find Bucky, and they did. It just meant that he continued to keep Bucky’s secrets close to the chest.
okay, that’s hot but no, we can’t, we--” Tony hissed when Steve bit at his neck, hips bucking as Steve continued to nibble and suck and
Steve’s hips stuttered, his rhythm broken as he visualized Tony, rumpled and sprawled lazily in the driver’s seat, that utterly perverted mouth wide open as the filthiest sounds escaped Tony’s throat, one hand on the steering wheel and the other in his pants.
Poor guy. He looks really excited about the whole early morning combat thing, but nope. No demons or ghouls here. Just Clint, and a goat, and the last shreds of Tony's mental fortitude.
have to say the strippergram look really works for you...it's really working for me right now, too, I mean,
Tony turned back around, walking towards the small desk where his laptop and tablet were, and Steve went back to wrecking the compromised restraint.
It’s wonderful—no! Not wonderful, no, he isn’t supposed to be enjoying this, it’s awful and—and—Tony shudders and rocks against Steve, twisting uselessly against his restraining hands, mouth falling open in a soundless scream as he drowns under a heady whirl of sensation.
Tony shuddered in his grasp, unsure of how to answer and unwilling, really, because there was a perfect excuse not to, what with the massive cock filling him up. Steve nuzzled at the side of Tony’s neck and pressed a kiss there that earned him another high whine.
“Dammit, Stark!” Feeling a bit ridiculous at yelling at a car that was already whipping around the next turn, Steve shook his head ruefully as he walked back over to this bike, enjoying the hitch and ache that moved with him. He’d be fine in a few minutes. Steve settled and reached for his key, only to feel something pointy and rigid in his pocket.
This is...Steve’s the wimpiest looking goat he’s ever seen. Not quite malnourished, but…wow. Definitely not the goat he was yesterday.
Stark--Tony, Jesus, if he was considering this he was not going to be calling him by his last name--
For his part, Steve looks disgusted, and Tony isn’t sure if it’s because he’s crafted the anathema, or because he can’t seem to muster up the last shred of resolve he needs to
now. Last time had been purely reactionary. Maybe he ought to see about recreating those circumstances.
A dark curl of self-flagellation and frustration wound its way through his stomach, acidic and nauseating, and Steve shed his clothing on the way to the bathroom, tossing aside pieces of his uniform and gear with a bit more force than he usually employed.
Tony gulped, a mixture of dread and anticipation crossing his face as Steve hovered just out the edges of Tony’s line of sight. It was not, Steve mused, entirely unlike what a horror movie victim probably felt seconds before the killer struck. Or, in this case, the horny, frustrated, super-soldier who was about to get a little of his own back.
“I deserve someone who loves me so much that they literally became a beacon of true love. Don’t take
” Tony had reached his left hand around to take Steve firmly in his grip, using the large amount of precome he was leaking to ease the winding slide up and down his cock. “Would you try to give me another ticket if I speed up, Steve? I can pay that one off too while you’re here?”
Tony doesn’t remember anything but howling for JARVIS, running for the elevator as a suit burst through the wall, gold and red fury reducing the kitchen to wreckage behind him.
Steve snapped his eyes open, looking up into Tony’s smirking face. He...he was dripping with precome again, just leaking, and his nerves were alight, thrumming with pleasure, and he hadn’t come yet, but...but
Luckily, there’s a really massive park literally a stone’s throw away, and the day is nice, and the giant goat at Tony's side has calmed down considerably since they hit the fresh (for Manhattan) air. Central Park is massive, and the impromptu collar and leash he’s created for Steve out of one of his belts and a few yards of ballistic nylon lets him keep an eye on him while allowing the illusion of free rein, so it’s a win for them both. It makes for a hell of an image, Tony Stark in a three-piece pinstripe Gucci walking a goat half his size and built like a tank. A few of the more intrepid park-goers approach and ask to pet Steve, and there are more than a few photo-ops, but this is New York, home of the absurd, so the novelty wears off fairly quickly.
, and if God didn’t hear it, then surely at least the aliens the next galaxy over picked up Steve’s screaming and could pass the message along. The trick was all in the pitch; the lower register humming was the way to go, because the higher registers just meant Steve whimpered and sobbed desperately as he attempted to pump his hips with little success. He was just too off balance, and Tony exploited that ruthlessly.
—but the moment comes and goes, and Tony pushes himself up to look into his mother’s eyes. “This can’t be happening.”
His captors shake him about, making it clear to the police that they have no qualms about hurting him if they don’t back off. Not for the first time, Tony imagines a life where he said to hell with a secret identity, called up a press conference, and announced to the world at large that he was Iron Man and they could all kiss his (rear). It would’ve been so much simpler and less stressful.
“Black tourmaline. It removes negative energies and repels psychic and negative energy attacks. It’s useful for removing curses. That’s for Steve. Your circle is there.”
Tony lays stunned on the ground for a long moment, face planted on a pebbled paver, his dazed senses struggling to get back up to spec. Urgency floods him when he gets his bearings, because that shockwave had come from the primary circle, and--
Steve wasn’t a jealous man, normally. He’d not felt threatened by Tony’s mile-long reputation or his past relationship with Pepper, but Tiberius Stone... Steve
him, he wanted more, so much more, wanted to lose himself in it and soak it all in, a reward long-deserved that was
Steve cried out, his body going taut as his cock bobbed and jerked, pumping out long ropes of come as he finally tumbled over the edge, fire roaring through his veins and electricity sparking across his nerves and brilliant flares of light behind his eyes as he came and came and
This was the part Steve normally dreaded--when pleasure turned to ache because he couldn’t handle the abrasive feeling of too rough hands on his most sensitive parts. So many times they’d ended up together, seeking a mutual release, and it so rarely worked for him. Oh, it was easy enough to get him started, get him riled up and ready to go off, but then he got stuck on this horrid plateau of sensation that was too much, but too good to ignore, and he got hung up in the interplay between it all. His head got muddled, the pleasure turned sour, and his climax drifted further and further away.
“President of African Operations. We might feed you the Australia region, too. Oceania is always weird when it comes to structuring.”
When they finally broke free, Tony trailed a finger across Steve’s lips, the pale circle of light from Steve’s flashlight leaving his face partially shadowed.
“Fuck, that was hot, Steve. Are you okay, darling? It looked like you blew a dozen brain cells on that one…”
God, even the man’s ass was perfect, Tony mused, enjoying the sight of Steve blissed out and bent over the hood of the Saleen. Tony stroked a hand over the globes of Steve’s ass, marveling at the masterpiece before him. Firm, well sized, and the cutest little dimple right above his right cheek. After a few quiet minutes, Steve began to stir again, and Tony leaned over his back in order to press a kiss just below his earlobe.  “You came so prettily for me, Steve, so prettily. Do you think you can take me?”
The moment eased suddenly, something shifting in her gaze that was far less intense, and Steve felt the ever-present battle-readiness that’d stirred to something dangerously reactive settle back down.
Tony smirked. “Don’t cheat yourself out of a second helping, darling. One time’s usually never enough with me.”
There a flurry of panic that bleeds all over their connection, and then a powerful rush of warmth and fear and worry and love slams through him and he’s not falling anymore, he’s floating he’s flying,
“Good evening, Mister Stark.” Steve watched as Milo poured up two fingers of Glenlivet 18, and then turned to appraise him for a moment.
A stack of glowing blue holographic panels appeared in front of Steve, and Tony stared at a holographic version of him being kissed by Ty--
Steve tried to speak, made a noise that might have been please, might have been more, but was honestly just a horny garble of need as Tony continued his foot massage.
Tony started slow, rhythmically massing his scalp with the pads of his fingers so that he lulled Steve into a half-drowsy state as the softest of pleasures stole over him, a lazy, peaceful sort of haze that left Steve humming and moaning low in his chest as Tony continued the soothing shampoo, loving the chilled tingling produced by the tea-tree oil and the way that it warred with the heat of the water.
Steve gave Sam a once-over, pleased to note that though his new friend seemed tired (and weren’t they all?) he wasn’t blatantly injured. Looked pretty okay in fact. Steve let his gaze wander away from Sam back to the sleek iPhone, and the bright LED display that read ‘Marvin Gaye - Trouble Man’.
No, he's just overreacting. Steve’s not permanently a goat or anything, Strange can fix it, they just need to wait for him. And until then, Steve is okay. Just distracted with...goat things. Goat things like climbing all over his furniture and eating anything that catches his eye and occupying that strange space between cute and really fucking weird. No need to panic.
The anathema tugs at his dulled senses and Tony frantically pats at his black vest, his black suit jacket, before he feels it cold and thrumming with energy along his arm. He tucked it up his sleeve!
Steve pulled Tony flush against his body with his left hand, and wrapped his free hand around both of their cocks, reveling in the damp heat and thrill of sensation as his own cock was snugly pressed against Tony’s.
It was too much and just enough and Steve shouted, bucking his hips and and writhing in Tony’s grasp as he spurted out across the hood of the Saleen, voice breaking into needy, pained whimpers as Tony continued to thrust into him, leaving him absolutely no way to escape the onslaught as Tony wrung him dry. A particularly strong jolt of pleasure flared up and over his nerves, not quite an orgasm, but just as intense.
They walked together in companionable silence until Tony ducked suddenly down a narrow clean swept alleyway, and stopped in front of a rusted metal door with a triumphant, “We’re here!”
“Ty was fine Steve. We bumped into each other when I took my partners out to dinner. We just caught up. Nothing to get worked up about.”
especially when the Crew has a hostage, is baffling. He can’t quite suppress the flash of irritation at being used as a hostage either. Honestly? He regrets the whole secret identity thing. It had been bad enough hiding it from the other Avengers, but even with that obstacle gone, he still has to keep things secret from the general public. He’s just Tony Stark to them right now, but they’d probably think twice about trying to hold Iron Man hostage.
Steve glared balefully at the small red remote, wanting nothing more than to knock it out of Tony’s hand and watch it break on the floor, ending his torment. That wouldn't end well in the long run, though. Tony had been unamused the last time Steve had tried it, and the payback had been sheer torture.
It was utterly baffling to Tony that Howard had worked with the likes of Arnim Zola, and he’d paid for it in the end. Several of the pet medical researchers Howard had employed to help him develop a working serum had taken greater liberties with their free reign and done more than just help recreate Erskine’s research.
Tony pulled his wallet out of an inner pocket in his jacket and opened it up, producing a string of condoms. The wallet went back in his pocket, and Tony reached for the other side and returned with a small tube of what Steve pretty quickly figured out had to be lube.
Tony has him flat on his back, flushed red and panting for breath, drowning in a thick haze of pleasure. His eyes are squeezed shut, dark pulses of ghostly color appearing in the darkness behind his eyelids as his hips roll up into moist heat. Tony makes an encouraging noise when Steve tangles his hands in his hair, and all that does is make him grip tighter and try to thrust up further into Tony’s mouth as vibrations go down his dick.
, and she surrendered to his command easily, revving higher and higher as he edged past 100 mph. Normally cars would begin to pull right or left, maybe even begin to shake and rattle as they proved unequal to the task of high speeds, but Steve Saleen knew how to build a car, and the first thing that Tony had done when they’d dropped his new baby off was take her into his garage and build upon already excellent work. She was demon red and even faster now, like a rocket, and a wild rowdy thing underneath that sleek and graceful exterior.
Tony’s hand drops reflexively to Steve’s back, and he slowly runs the flat of his palm back and forth, not sure if he's soothing himself or Steve.
Steve let his eyes drift close as Tony found his rhythm, bucking his hips up to meet the rocking grind and tight slide as Tony got both hands involved in toying with his nipples. Steve had never known they could be so deliciously sensitive--when Tony brushed his fingers across the straining nubs, pleasure, sharp and brilliant, shot down his spine. When Tony rolled them between his fingers, lightly squeezing and pulling at them, the pleasure turned slow and liquid, pooling through his lower body.
There was a tell--a flutter in the muscle on the right side of Steve’s pelvic bone--that he quickly figured out meant that Steve was very close, and that’s when Tony would pull away and switch tactics. No reason to end the fun early, even if Steve did get grumpy about things and devolve into frenzied demands and agitated cussing.
Steve pushed open the door to the master bathroom, and stopped short, his undershirt falling to the floor as he grip loosened in shock.
for the amulet, but Clint had quickly filched it and started the most high-stakes game of keep-away Steve’s ever had the (mis)fortune of being involved in.
This is love, the stuff of legends and fairytales, the kind of love that inspires heroes and enduring works of art. Steve suddenly reverting to his pre-serum self shouldn’t be any sort of deterrent. What is going on?
Tony is isolated—is he? He hasn’t heard from Rhodey or Pepper or Happy at all, nor anyone else. That makes no sense—surely he could call them, or email or—or—
Goats are lawless creatures, put forth on the earth with disaster in their hearts and ruin in their gaze.
Tony laughed, a playfully sinister thing, full of mischief and intent as he rode his shifting out like a pro bull rider. “Now, I think it would be truly awful for me to waste all of that effort I put in to making you nice and pliant by making you do the brunt of the work, so here’s what we’re going to do, tiger.”
A cool brush of air across his forehead, feather-light and soothing like the echo of a mother’s kiss.
Steve flushed harder and moaned his pleasure with abandon as tears squeezed out of his clenched eyes, not sure if it was the reprimand or the sharp smack itself that pushed him that much closer to the edge of something
Steve nuzzles the side of Tony’s cheek, reveling in the contrast of smooth skin and soft facial hair, basking in the woodsy tobacco and smoked vanilla scent of his aftershave. Tony always smells so nice. Tony hisses and kneads at where he’s gripping Steve’s thighs, tilts his neck so Steve can have better access.
Steve’s Adam’s Apple bobbed as Tony strolled toward him, completely at ease in his own skin, before stopping just in front of him.
It was over in a matter of moments, Steve’s mouth dropping open in a silent scream as he suddenly tumbled right over the edge, coming, and coming, and coming all over Tony’s spent cock, over his hands, over the front of Tony’s slacks when he jerked involuntarily.
Before Tony can open his mouth, however, a horrific noise shatters the peaceful lull. It sounds like someone being murdered. It sounds like the mating call of a demon in heat. Clint, understandably, leaps back from the goat screaming in his face with a panicked yell of his own. It goes on for nearly a minute and a half, Clint shrieking like a child while a crazed beefy goat yells in his face.
Not this time. Tony had been so...attentive, so keyed into his every want or need and yet refusing to let him go too far down any one path. It was a tactical maneuver to be proud of, keeping him constantly off balance and steadily driving him towards his goal without being blatant about it. Tony hadn’t let the pressure of actual reaching orgasm weigh him down, nor did he let him get stuck on anyone sensation, which would have left him in misery. No, Tony had fed him a jumble of pleasurable inputs that he couldn’t quite anticipate or keep up with, and Steve, thus undercut, had no other option but to just...succumb to Tony’s considerable skill.
Barely out of the ice, and then there were aliens and Avengers, which almost immediately resulted in the Avengers cutting ties with Shield after Steve fought his...alternate self?...clone?...evil doppelganger?
Steve let his head fall forward so that the soothing downpour hit the back of his neck and top of his shoulders, rolling them slowly as his muscles began to lose some of their stiffness.
Steve turned his head to the right, flinched at the foreboding visage of the one person he both dreaded and was overjoyed to see, and then quickly turned it back to face Sam, who rolled his eyes.
Steve sucked it all in, all the years of pain and his bitter heartache and his rage and self-recrimination and handled it like the man he was expected to be. He plunked himself down at a table with a with a bottle of liquor he couldn’t get drunk off and killed the whole thing off shot by shot, howling internally as he died in small increments. He wallowed for a bit, but he didn’t mourn; not like he wanted to. He’d do it later, when he could finally be away from all the oppressive attention. .
He squeezes his eyes shut, draws in a deep breath. It’s Tony. If he can’t gamble on him, he’s in trouble anyway.
“Nothing good, I take it.” Tony muttered glumly. Five minutes. Less than that, really. How had everything whiplashed so badly on him? And what had Steve
before he’d left for business Sunday night, and then he’d been gone the whole week down in Texas for a NASA consult. That had been all business.
Steve registers sharp sensation on his palm, like a brand has been pressed to it, but it is almost immediately lost as pleasure, brilliant and wild, sets the bond ablaze, and all of it is just too much and the world goes dark as he collapses bonelessly on top of Tony.
Tony slid his hands up Steve’s bared legs, gripping the hard muscles there in order to anchor himself, and licked an inquisitive stripe from the base of Steve’s cock to the tip, getting a feel for the lay of the land, as it were. Steve tasted salty and bitter, but on the tail end of that was an oddly sweet note, like…apple? Tony leaned back in and slowly took Steve into his mouth, using his tongue to rub along the underside of that weighty hardness and draw him in further. Steve swore softly and leaned forward, pushing his way deeper into Tony’s mouth.
It's been almost two hours since Doom fled back to Latveria or whatever hole he’s climbed out of, and Tony still won’t talk to him, won’t meet his gaze, and Steve
when Steve yanked him flush against his body and continued to kiss him, his hand buried in his thick hair, tugging it this way and that in order to better direct Tony’s movements.
“Oh, you don’t pick your order.” Steve looked between Milo and Tony incredulously. Milo is some kind of bartender wunderkind--he knows what the best order is for you just by looking. He gives you the drink, you drink it, love it, and say ‘thank you, sir, may I have another?’. Trust in the suspenders.”
Tony breaks with a soft cry of his name, and Steve’s world goes off-kilter for a moment as Tony bucks up and rolls them over so that he is on top now, hot and heavy and hard above him. Steve trembles, loving the way Tony feels above him, how it brings back last night, and the way he had been surrounded, enveloped entirely by Tony. He’d wanted Tony so badly then, had wanted to kiss him then, but hadn’t quite dared, not wanted to irrevocably damage their friendship. Tony loves him, though, loves him fiercely and with every part of his being, and Steve winds his hands around Tony’s neck and pulls, tugging him into another kiss.
Thor and Jan, who have been regaling Steve in the common room with the most recent events after shucking him into a pair of Tony’s blue jeans (ratty and broken-in and altogether too loose) and one of his shirts (oversized soft white linen that smelled entirely of expensive cologne and heated metal and
Tony worked Steve’s dick slowly, pulling back until Steve was almost entirely exposed to the cool night air, then guiding him deeper in until his nose could just barely nestle the coarse hairs covering Steve’s groin. Steve was quiet, his breath coming in deep panting gasps that belied his obvious excitement and had absolutely no right sounding as enticing as they did.
The resentment comes easily enough. Thor left him behind—he took Natasha and Clint, but not him—Bruce
Steve doesn’t remember much of his time as a goat. He remembers a few impulses here and there, but the bulk of his memory is the impression of being held safe and cherished and surrounded by a glow of affection and abiding love and all the best parts of Tony he hid from the world. Being a goat had been hectic and confusing and
Even in the low to non-existent light, Tony could tell the man was absolutely ripped. That poor shirt looked like it was staying buttoned solely by wishes and hope. A million jokes about Officer See-more Butts filled his mind but Tony pushed them aside, suddenly interested in how this played out.
Steve knows now, knows in a way other people would kill for, how the person he loves feels about him, exactly how deep it goes, every glorious facet of it. It’s a security and point of pride and exquisitely
“Fantastic! And your hostile takeover of the PTA? Have you solidified your base and turned it into your own puppet state?”
hear it. Tony will never give up this deepest well-cherished secret of his--not that anyone is fooled--and it will eventually
the damage that swans can do and doesn’t fancy a broken arm, but before he can safely separate them, the swan takes off, flapping away to go terrorize some other poor creature deeper in the park, and Steve is going off on a tear into the bustling pathways of Central Park.
“Shit, Steve! I thought we’d lost you!” Tony steps into the circle, lips twitching into a smirk because Steve is naked as a jaybird, and he’s going to give him so much grief once he uncurls from his fetal position.
underneath an expensive suit like that?)--but it was another thing entirely to feel it so intimately
Ridiculous. Tony was fiercely intelligent and deeply knowledgeable, but that only went so far. To assume Tony not only knew who the Winter Soldier
Steve was just glad that Tony had been the one to go digging--Natasha’s inclination had been to just publicly burn all the spies and completely level the playing field. It was a drastic option, and one that he might have even considered if things were a bit more dire--and thank God that Project Insight’s helicarriers had only just started construction--but this method was preferable because it gave them better chances of routing out Hydra while still salvaging SHIELD.
Steve tried to convey the seven different kinds of hell he was going to put Tony through by glaring and thrusting his hips up, demanding relief, but Tony merely rubbed at his scalp like he was a particularly beloved dog and turned away entirely.
Blessedly, Tony finally shifted angle enough that his next thrust landed firm against Steve’s prostate and there was no keeping back the over-wrought cry that ripped out of his throat as his body sang electric and he tried to jolt straight out of his own skin.
Steve stares at Tony for a long, horrible moment, trying to digest this manifestation of self-loathing. It’s the same old sad song and dance, then. Tony Stark hating himself and making a ruin of his life because he’s fundamentally incapable of accepting that he deserves happiness.
It’s very early in the morning, early enough that it could still be considered night, to be honest, and Steve's starving.
Tony’s fury was a cold one, each word clipped and clear and ripping into him like razor blades. Most people thought Tony’s temper ran hot, but that was a carefully constructed mask Steve had learned, part and parcel of the Tony Stark package he’d been shoveling down the world’s throat for years. Furthermore, Tony had the armor, and when explosions or repulsor blasts followed your bouts of anger, people assumed a hot temper.
The portal closes in a burst of glittering light, and Steve presses a kiss to Tony’s brow before settling back in for the night. “Goodnight, Shellhead. May you dream of lovely things and wake to find them real.”
Steve huffed out a cynical laugh as Natasha ducked underneath his arm to reach for a parachute, and adjusted his earpiece, slotting the tiny bud snugly in his ear canal.
All he knew was that he wanted to make a play for Tony, but the timing was never quite right between the fallout from the Chitauri invasion and the Bucky being alive and finding out Hydra was very much active thing, then the Mandarin nonsense and the breakup with Pepper, and his own nerves. Tony might not even be interested--the man certainly had no qualms about going after what he wanted, and had never given Steve any kind of indication that he was interested.
He’d been so certain that they’d cleaned up after Stane’s weapon smuggling. Stane had only cared about guns, bombs, and money and had dismissed the small biochemical division of Stark Industries after his parents’ death. They’d had some moderate success developing medical equipment and field supplies like combat dressings and implantable devices, but it had never generated a large profit for Stark Industries.
Tony had a sudden deep and abiding need to see Steve in military dress, tried to imagine it, and let out an appreciative noise as he savored the mental image.
The essay’s final draft--because Steve had returned the first one covered in a sea of red ink, along with a Hodges Harbrace Handbook, and made him do edits--had actually forced some uncomfortable truths to the surface that Tony hadn’t realized he needed to get off his chest. And the rice...well, the rice had just pissed him off, but in the 9 hours it’d taken him to count out 39,043 grains of rice, he’d definitely learned a thing or two about patience, and also had a thought or two about modified cereal grains that might help stave off the onslaught of world hunger; that, he had shunted down to Stark Labs, and it was yielding exciting results.
Tony snaps the anathema out of his sleeve with a sharp jerking motion and angles it toward Steve, who hisses and recoils, backing away until he is seated once more. He sneers at the anathema Tony is holding up to ward him off.
“Definitely!” Jan’s grin is bright, and there is no doubt that she’s missed the insanity of being around the mansion. Tony’s surprised Jan actually waited a whole day and didn’t just turn up immediately once Clint started texting everybody about this whole “Steve got turned into a goat” fiasco.
Tony dropped a hand to his head, toying with the sweat-damp strands, his thumb softly rubbing at his temple as he soothed the worst of Steve’s frustration into something a little less immediately violent.
fills his nostrils and dizziness rises to overwhelm him. A woman’s scream, a wretched sound full of rage and anguish and thwarted malice claws at the back of his mind, and his skin prickles as he staggers toward the door to his hallway, and the elevator that will take him from his penthouse.
Steve stared down at him with lust-crazed eyes for a moment, that gorgeous blue almost entirely gone, his pupils were blown so wide. Tony opened his mouth to speak but let out a startled yelp instead as Steve grabbed him by the front of his shirt and yanked him to his feet.
about this as he is just leery of the whole situation. He’s never been the biggest fan of magic in the first place, and the mark on his hand has already proven itself to be erratic. Wanda’s powers are chaos incarnate; this could go very badly for Steve. Steve still hasn’t “woken up” entirely since the park, save for a few brief flashes of emotion, and he shares Wanda and Thor’s fear that any longer in this state will be the end of Steve. This is their best option; Strange is still out of touch, and Amora has continued to elude Thor’s searches.
“I’m not particularly moved to pity for some jumped up Hydra assassin.” Tony murmured under his breath.
Steve’s voice breaks on a final scream and Tony isn’t sure if Steve has come again or simply finished up, but he’s aching with his own need to come. Steve lets out a satisfied sigh and pulls Tony’s head away from his neck with a quiet order to “lick”, and then rolls them over, silencing Tony’s desperate protests and entreaties with a kiss.
“I promise you, I'm sober, officer. My consent for a full-body search is both enthusiastic and contingent upon you doing a thorough job of it.”
“Nothing to--shit, Tony, do you know what I had to put up with?” Steve demanded, blood rushing to his face. “I decided to surprise you--” Steve gestured at himself “--and when I went out to pick up a few things earlier to welcome you home, guess what I got to see?”
Steve pressed a kiss to the side of Tony’s neck, flushed and hot with exertion, and nuzzled against his cheek, savoring the prickle of Tony’s meticulously groomed facial hair.
Tony was normally fairly quiet during sex for all he loved it--and he really, really did--thanks to the risk of paparazzi or voyeuristic eavesdroppers, to say nothing of his partners who might secretly record him. A lawsuit might win him compensation, but damage was damage, and there would be no forgetting whatever was leaked.
Ty. He didn’t need this publicity right now, not before a major shareholder meeting. There would be looks and carefully gauging questions that Tony just Did Not want to deal with, and all that was awful enough. But worst of all,
“I find it amazing,” Tony drawled, “that you’re more invested in christening every room in my childhood home than I am.”
Least of all to be forgotten will be the sound of Tony’s voice when he finally lets slip the one word neither of them have dared to say aloud in all the months that equated to years that they have been living together, and spending hormone cycles together, and touching, and scenting, and acknowledging the symptoms without the cause.
Undeniably Steve’s. Tony would know. He had been chasing that not-quite-there scent on Steve for so long, he was practically an expert. Thing is, he was not quite sure what to do with a lung full of it.
The pit falls from Steve’s stomach and his face pales. Everyone turns to Steve, yet he cannot tear his eyes away from the news story on the TV.
Steve had tried to feel the anger he usually would have when he found himself following orders from another alpha, but he had not managed in the least.
Steve braced himself for Tony’s reaction, likely a harsh one. Steve’s heart fell, terrified he had just overstepped vastly as Tony’s shoulders tensed.
It made it difficult to hide the ugly parts of himself, though. Hard to hide when you want to give yourself over to someone(s) so completely that you feel you cannot breathe without them.
He’d been given free reign of their apartment, and it was the first time that Steve had left his side since they arrived two weeks prior. The reason? Sex with Stark.
He was in bed, had an orange holographic screen up but dim enough not to wake Steve who was snoring softly beside him. He was working on troubleshooting his Advanced Alien Science Scanner (AASS) program when he heard a soft whimper.
DUM-E is useless once he figures out what’s going on, and he keeps looking from Steve to the fire extinguisher to Tony again. Eventually Tony gives in and permits the bot to skirt his duties and show off his new toy to Steve.
“I’m starting to though,” Steve admits. After thinking about how Tony must have felt, how he must still feel, having been born in a world without his other half.
Tony knows he’s out of line providing this kind of protection to an omega that wasn’t his. Steve knows it too. Barnes knows it, if the way he glares at Tony is anything to go off. Nat knows it too, but she smirks instead.
It’s been two months and the medical staff ask if Steve would prefer that they move Tony out of the hospital and into a room in their house. So that Steve can be closer to Tony. Like he hasn’t spent nearly every night in a chair at Tony’s side anyway. Like the hospital isn’t an elevator ride away.
Tony couldn’t help the quirk of a smile. His boyfriend knew him well. Still, “you can’t prove anything,” Tony replied.
Alpha’s were not known for being social creatures, but without Tony around, Steve had found he was less worried about being caught in a lie and he built his friendship with Natasha into something resembling a
Also, the age play aspects of the fic, while are for sure part of Bucky's coping mechanisms, are not a product of Hydra. Instead, it is a product of Bucky's own version of self care and recovery.
Tony’s scent was consistently enveloping his senses with its warm, rich and bitter aroma. It goes to Steve’s head.
There are so many things that make this all feel real, feel like Steve, all things Tony cannot find on Steve’s other body if he could ever get close enough to look.
“It’s hard to change your thinking, isn’t it? Even when you know it’ll be a better situation all around if you could just change the way you think about it,” Tony says, sufficiently enjoying his smoke and leaning into philosophy, “Thinking doesn’t really change at a compatible speed to the situation,” he tells the skyline, “Harder to stop caring when you’ve cared too long,” he says to Steve with a nod in his direction.
“See, when you do it it’s cute,” Steve muttered, “Why is everything suggestive when it’s Tony,” he complained.
Tony’s soulmark isn’t covered so much as it has been obscured by the feathers of the great bird on his chest. Steve can see it when Tony strips himself of his shirt completely. He knows exactly where it rests, that it is a thin line of black that curves very gently and the feathers that surround it have been designed to cradle that gentle curve.
He’s never heard of something like that happening. Never knew it could happen. How was it even possible? Why would something like that happen? And to Tony of all people? God, Steve cannot imagine how awful it must have felt to discover the other half of your soul never even
Steve remembers missing Tony in that way that meant he called three times that evening, pouting and asking after his boyfriend, and then pouting some more while dinner kept warm in the oven because Tony would be ‘just a few more minutes in the lab’.
Month six and Steve wakes jerkily to the sound of the heart monitor in Tony’s hospital room. For a long moment Steve can’t place the sound that woke him. Nothing seems to be out of the ordinary.
He still took up post under the kitchen table with his guns trained on the elevator, but from what Jarvis could tell, he hadn’t been resting the way he used to.
He thought about Bucky. About the version of Bucky that was soft and gentle, a little non-verbal, who sucked his thumb and demanded pink or rainbow popsicles and not any other kind. The version of Bucky that cried, and sought physical comfort in a way he didn’t allow at any other time. The version of Bucky that Steve said was new, but not exactly out of left field either. The version of Bucky that lit up at the name ‘princess’ or blushed at ‘baby doll’ and who looked at Tony and Steve like they hung the moon and stars.
Bucky didn’t know what Clint was talking about. It was clear Bucky wasn’t interested in Steve, wasn’t it? Or had Bucky been overstepping his boundaries? He didn’t… he didn’t want Steve to himself. He liked Steve
furnaces. He couldn’t even stick his leg out of the covers which was an important part of sleeping next to someone who generated heat like Steve. Tony even had
The genius had been going through as many obscure names as he could, testing Bucky’s threshold, and Bucky only denied anything more than four syllables, so alas, the Winter Soldier was now ‘Princess’ and he was mostly fine with that.
“I’m going to be offended if you keep acting like me seeing it is worse than the whole world seeing it,” Tony says jokingly.
Steve’s other hand comes up and rests on the scythe and forget-me-nots that live nestled in the feathers over Tony’s heart.
Bucky was the furthest thing from a functioning adult as you could be with most cognitive abilities, the physiology of a twenty-seven-year-old male, and a chronological age nearing a hundred.
“You don’t,” Tony says with more confidence than Steve is sure Tony can possibly have about anything, and Steve’s seen the way Jarvis runs numbers before Tony says he’s sure in the field.
He doesn’t wait for someone to tell Tony he’s out of line. Just slips out from under Steve’s legs and disappears.
Tony goes into rut the day after he watches Steve battle with some second rate robots in the middle of downtown.
There’s a beta nearby too and Tony knows immediately who it is. He’s an alpha, so it’s not like he usually notices the scent of a beta.
Bucky whimpered again, non-verbal and frustrated. He stuck his thumb in his mouth, shuffled some more and whined.
Cuts Steve in a way that will never heal. Steve has to wonder if the wounds he feels from Tony aren’t just self inflicted. Maybe Tony just picked the scabs instead of dealing the damage himself.
Tony was half convinced Steve was going to leave him for Bucky, had even contemplated biting the bullet and breaking things off
It may be because when he wakes up alone, once again, he finds Steve’s shirt is still draped over the back of the couch.
Bucky yawned, “Only when ‘m sleepy,” he said, closing his eyes. So Tony was right about the oral fixation and sleep deprivation.
Tony was still asleep, and Bucky had curled around him, had his forehead pressed between Tony’s shoulder blades, but when Bucky moved away and rolled onto his back to mumble something to Steve, Tony jerked awake.
That’s just Steve. Steve’s situation is the only one that’s always developing, always changing. Not Tony’s.
He rolled over and submitted to Tony like he was not an Alpha at all. Let Tony’s body draw things and words and sounds from Steve that he should never have been able to give up for another Alpha.
Steve’s eyes didn’t linger on Natasha’s chest as she stripped down to her underthings right there in the middle of the quinjet.
Thinking about how Tony had gotten it tattooed over sometime before he turned eighteen, that it took some less than three years before Tony had dared check the global database of passed single bond halves. Something Steve still hasn’t worked up the nerve to do himself, knowing it will only lead to another gravesite to visit.
“He was a good man, Steve,” Tony says, then he nods, “I know why he died before I was born,” he says confidently. “Had to, was fate,” Tony says and it’s all those horrible thoughts Steve wondered about Tony having.
Steve hadn’t worried about Bucky being jealous of Steve’s new relationship, or any hard feelings about Steve having moved on despite their history. He’s read too much of what Bucky had gone through to have any idea of Bucky being interested in picking up where they left off of course, but more than that too. Their relationship growing up was always different. Jealousy wasn’t something they could afford to have, not when the punishment for their loyalty to one another could be punishable by institutionalization or worse. They loved each other, but they never held any illusion that they would be the only one for the other. Peggy was an example of that even in the war.
if you think you could handle my kind of a good time, we’re gonna go find a bar. You’re going to feed me a greasy burger, with at least two patties, and a mound of fries.”
God, Tony’s mouth is divine. It’s scorching hot, and wet and slick, and Tony’s tongue swipes up and down his cock as he bobs his head, and it’s still not as fast as he wants, and he’s so hot and
When Steve finally broke off the kiss, Tony stared up at him dazedly, pupils blown with lust. “Fuck it, I’ll call the suit inste--”
driving a race car. He shifted to the next gear, increasing his speed, and reveled in the knowledge that he was going too fast but managing to handle it anyway. It felt a little flying, the way the trees around him blurred as he sped through, and the wind noise, barely covered up by the driving guitar and drums of Bush’s
Tony had been so damn tempted to escalate, but Steve’s vicious glare had quite clearly said, “Fucking. Try. Me,” and Tony remembered a long-standing legend, passed around even into current times, of Captain America bending one of the Commandos over his knee and taking a belt to his ass in front of God and Man and half the 107th. It had been either Falsworth or Barnes, as the Commandos had only ever had two Subs in their ranks (Falsworth had denied it was him until his dying day), and Tony didn’t care to contemplate what was in store for him if any iota of that tale were true.
Steve tried to peer back at his lover, but the angle was all wrong, and Tony pressed his head back down into the pillows. “Relax, Steve. I’ll get my own, trust me, but I’m not quite done with you yet.”
--and Steve sped up, ruthlessly pumping and squeezing and twisting, knowing he would finish and determined to at least get Tony off first.
didn’t want to explain to the Defense Department that they had to swear in Tony Stark about Captain America because he got too frisky on a supercar.
Tony leaned into the kiss, moaning raggedly as he rutted against Steve’s thigh, holding his pants up with his free hand, thrilling in the last traces of aftershocks. Ever helpful, Steve dropped Tony’s tie and released him from the kiss, tucking Tony neatly back inside his pants and zipping them up. An idle thought crossed his mind about where the condom went, but Steve almost instantly decided he really didn’t want to know. Tony began to stoop down and search for Steve’s boot, return the favor, but Steve intercepted him with a hot and heavy kiss, as he pulled his uniform pants back up.
had a still going in his lab for a while, and I know he and Gabe tried to make vodka a couple of times. They used me as the tester because I was the only one that wouldn’t immediately die after tasting it.”
Relieved, Steve sagged into Tony’s space, close enough to share the same air, but not touching each other’s lips yet. “Thank you.”
Steve’s next thrust was rougher, and holy shit, he was really plowing into him now, each thrust like a punch that sent liquid heat through his trembling muscles and frissons of ecstasy along his nerves.
Steve self-consciously toyed with the rolled up sleeves of his royal-blue dress shirt, and cursed himself for wearing jeans instead instead of dressing up. He was expecting drinks and talking, but Tony looked like he was primed for a date at a fancy restaurant.
Following Steve’s enthusiastic advice, Tony crooked his fingers and brushed against that amazing bundle of nerves he’d sought out. Steve’s vision went white. Tony continued to pump his fingers in and out of him, adding more lube to the mix, not that Steve was in any sort of condition to complain.
Steve started forward, only to freeze when the other man jumped up from the floor with a panicked expression. “I’m not a thief! Well, I mean, I’m breaking in, but it’s only because it’s my work that was stolen in the first place, and
Steve had to pause for a second to mentally regroup. Tony Stark was offering him sex, right here, right now, on a lark. He should say no, call in for a car, and have him shipped right off to the nearest station. On the other hand...what an opportunity it was. Steve had never asked for much in his life, and it would be fun to live a little, like his fellow officers insisted. He’d been
The idea of using Wanda’s magic was floated almost immediately, but Wanda’s powers derive from chaos, and she is reluctant to add her abilities to what is already a potent mixture of ancient displaced power, Amora’s magic, and... whatever the hell is going on with him.
Steve brought a hand up and cupped Tony’s cheek with it, the pad of his thumb slowly moving back and forth across his skin and over the neatly trimmed edges of his beard. Tony closed his eyes and let himself nuzzle into the touch apologetically.
“Your pants are ruined, you know. We’ll have to stay in here until everything’s over and then we can sneak out to the car, get back to the Tower. Avoid causing a scandal.” Steve didn’t even try to hide the pleased note in his voice.
Tony stroked up one side and down the other with the back of his hand, trying to get a decent feel for Steve’s sizing. Not too long, Tony decided, only an inch or two above average, but the width…oh
Stark turned off the car and opened up the door, and Steve jumped back. He’d been unprepared for the door to swing up, not out. He didn’t know car doors
Tony groans quietly as the suede coach rips under Steve’s attention and begins to catalogue the day’s observations.
and the fork—the heavy baroque dinner fork with the sapphire stone nestled between the filigree—it’s still in his hands and Tony tightens his grip around the handle and
“I believe so, shield-brother.” Thor gestures grandly with a strip of bacon, “The Witch is powerful, and when combined with your own current abilities, we can provide some manner of safety for our cursed leader.”
28 but really 94, and all the people he’d known and loved were dead, dying, or kidnapped by Hydra, the world was exactly the same in all the wrong ways, yet new enough to leave him reeling at the unfamiliarity of everything around him, and he just couldn’t seem to find neither the will nor the way to make a space for himself.
“I know that! Look, it wasn’t, I mean..okay...just...Buck and I never...we were too close. He was like my brother.”
Thor salutes them both with Mjolnir and all but flees the room.  Tony shoots Jan a glare as she leaves that doesn’t faze her in the slightest, given the way she blows them both kisses and smirks at Tony before she’s out of their line of sight.
The confession is there, being drawn out of him in between tongues and lips and teeth, the air being coaxed out of his lungs as his head swims and
He retches into the trashcan, a ghastly episode that feels like he’s emptying his soul. He heaves, almost forcing it out at the end, stomach roiling at the thought of anything left in there.
Steve tugged his head back. “One day, we’re going to sit down, you and I, and your issues, and we’re going to figure out why you can't see how goddamn wonderful you are.”
and then pursed his lips, blowing cool air over the sensitized area and causing gooseflesh to prickle up. “
to have his sub collared in order to make it clear who was in charge, Tony had long since learned, which worked just fine for him because he personally despised being collared. It reeked too much of old-world expectations of subservience and role inequality, and he already had enough neurosis on his plate without dealing with automatically being second-guessed and underestimated and written off as “just a bratty sub” as well, all of which tended to accompany him being seen in a collar.
Steve had immediately been subjected to the raw tearing hurt of being entirely out of place as he had his face rubbed more and more into all the people he’d lost (not just Bucky now, but
Tony grinned down at him, and then lined himself up with Steve’s cock and then all Steve could do was moan fervently as Tony eased himself down. Tony rarely bottomed for Steve because he was so damn girthy and getting him stretched wide enough to accommodate would take almost an hour by itself, but oh god, what it did for him…Steve rolled his hips slowly, engulfed in Tony’s tight warmth and loving every moment of it.
Obie had insisted on it because it was just one more way to keep Tony in line and under his thumb, and he had voluntarily worn one for Pepper, as a way of smoothing the way for her whenever his presence was required at Stark Industries. She had enough to deal with by just being a woman in a male-dominated field, CEO or no.
Natasha tossed him his uniform’s helmet, expression shifting yet again to something almost...playful.
Tony’s still cursing under his breath, not that it matters because everyone else is ignoring him in favor of the elephant in the room.
“Steve, are you okay?” Tony is trying to sit upright, but the prospect is tricky with Steve holding his left hand in a death grip, and his right hand is splayed across Steve’s back. It would take a better contortionist than either of them to successfully sit all the way up. Tony’s breath hitches when Steve wets his lips, and Steve can feel Tony’s dick stir to life beneath him. Tony’s mouth drops open a bit, but words seem to have abandoned him, and Steve can’t help but notice that his lips are very pretty, thick and soft-looking, and dusky pink. Really, that unnecessarily fancy goatee of his does nothing but call attention to them, and never let it be said Steve can’t take a hint.
Compared to those, the vibrating plug Tony had chosen to use was barely worth noticing, maybe four inches long, and barely as thick as his thumb. The only thing that made it stand out was the hot-rod red coloring and the glowing blue disc that sat flat on the base, looking like one of those futuristic digital blueprints Tony created. It was smooth metal, and shaped like a bullet, and as unassuming as Steve had been unimpressed.
Tony let out a startled yelp as he was tackled by Steve, the controller to the vibrating plug clattering to the floor as they went down on the bed in a tangle of limbs. They rolled, and Steve moved quickly, slipping on a cuff before Tony could get his bearings straight. The second followed soon after, though it took some finagling to make it hold tight enough given that Steve had all but ripped it in half.
“Call your suit, Tony, and get us back to the Tower. You’re going to fuck me good and proper, and then maybe do it again if you’ve got the stamina for it. We’ll talk in the morning.” Steve paused, and pressed another kiss to Tony’s chiseled jaw. “Or maybe the afternoon, if I really wear you out.”
, and Tony thinks he’s drowning as he chokes down mouthful after mouthful, thinks he’s going to lose whatever shred of his wits he still has left when Steve clenches down and squeezes tight on his cock, coming untouched in heavy spurts that land in hot splatters on his stomach, on his chest.
Wanda is waiting for them in the backyard, away from the pool. A large circle is drawn on the ground in chalk and outlined in a wide variety of pale crystal chips. There is an inner circle around Steve’s shield made up of black stone chips that seem to naturally draw Tony to it.
He lies there for a while, staring up at his ceiling. He knows, somehow, that he will be dead by morning. Today is a very important day for him.
Natasha would know that he was interested in Tony, not that he’d managed to get anywhere worthwhile with the man, and of course she would throw him right into Tony’s path.
He commits it to memory, then tugs Tony over so that they are completely entangled, their legs intertwined and his arms wrapped around Tony’s neck. Tony’s expression shifts into something a bit more heated, a bit hungrier as he rocks against him. There is a light brushing at his entrance, and Steve moans and rolls his hips in accommodation.
Steve finally ground out, “is that you are utterly oblivious to anyone else’s feelings but your own, Tony. I’ve been dealing with the blow-up from your fun little dinner, and Pepper’s had to clean up the mess before it negatively affects your company, and the other Avengers have been harassed by random paparazzi looking for a comment or a juicy insight, and you can’t see past your own nose enough to understand
Tony half pushed, half shoved Steve toward his car, laughing as he frantically yanked off one of his boots in order to get one of his pants legs off so that he could actually have room to move.
Steve can almost believe that is the sum of it too, but Tony’s eyes flicker away from his, and even if he
"Jan, it’s always good to see you, and thank you so much for all the help, Thor. I really appreciate it. Now, you’ll excuse us, Tony and I need to have a
Thor’s actions, bless him, manage to help reign things in, thanks to his unassuming conviviality. Clint gets shooed out the kitchen, Carol takes it upon herself to try rounds fifteen through twenty-six of attempting to get in touch with Stephen Strange, and Wanda squirrels herself away to see what magical solutions she can come up with.
Tony’s so damn slow about it, too, which is just...oh fuck, it’s so good. Tony is going all the way down and back up, mapping his way across every rigid inch, using his tongue to lick and trace, and, in one inspired moment that leaves him writhing and begging for mercy, Tony takes him all the way down and
Steve just let himself luxuriate under Tony’s spell, floating in that soft in between as scratching became massaging once more, and then a mixture of both that he didn’t even try to follow or guide, but just simply appreciated. Once Tony was done washing his hair and had thoroughly rinsed it, he spent a few more minutes just massaging his scalp, using both hands and working it until Steve was practically purring under his touch.
of him as he continues to sink into that unbearable tightness, fucking more and more splatters of come out of Steve’s still-heavy cock as the vampire croons dark obscenities into his shoulder, digs his hand into his back and
They’re heading straight for them, and Steve is flooding their bond with belligerence. When Tony tries to back away and at least get off the bridge, Steve plants his feet and strains against the leash, ready to dart forward.
“How long was I out?” Steve began to shift around and work his way into an upright position, but was shoved back down quickly enough. Tony, Steve remembered, was stronger than most people gave him credit for. That slender frame was all muscle, and no minor amount of preternatural might behind it all as well. Tony couldn’t quite manhandle him around normally, but in this weakened state, the advantage was his.
Steve rolled his hips, a fluid filthy maneuver that followed the twisting, slick wind of Tony’s hand up and down his erection, the sensation too good to ignore, demanding his attention as it began to build low and warm in his body, a too-familiar song and dance. Steve let out a whine that might have been frustration, might have been apprehension.
Tony startles, because the last thing he’s been expecting out of all this is to have Steve’s voice in his head. Cautious relief begins to sneak into his mind, alongside curiosity and wariness. Steve’s in his mind. Or...is he in Steve’s mind? Is this permanent? Is it really Steve? It…it feels like Steve? It’s Steve’s mental voice, and something inside him
They leave Steve’s body in the darkness and shadow of the Latverian forest, a new blanket of snow and winter frost shrouding the fallen hero.
“Okay Brooklyn, lets take care of that--frankly massive--elephant in the room.” Tony hopped up onto the foot of the California King-sized bed, then began to prowl his way up between Steve’s legs eyes hooded and liquid hot with desire.
“Thanks for gambling over my plight.” Steve mumbles as Thor calmly ties his cloak around Steve’s waist in an impromptu sarong.
It was plain and utilitarian, clearly nothing he would have ever chosen for himself, and aimed at discomfort. Tony had balked at it.
“But for now, you belong to me.” Steve’s voice was dark promise and sin, shot through with possessiveness and that frustrated rumble that meant Tony was in for it.
The room is hot and thick with the smell of sex, and the air moving over his sweat-slick skin causes goosebumps to prickle on his arms as he shivers and squirms under Tony’s hold. Tony hums again and it’s too much for him to contain and he shouts, yanks his hand out of his mouth and lets it flop onto the bed so he can tangle it in the sheets as sharp bursts of pleasure rock through him. He wants more, he wants faster and harder and he wants Tony to be in him, pounding him through a quaking orgasm until he’s used up and limp and unable to so much as twitch.
His thighs tremble and his buttcheeks clench as Tony curls his tongue around the head of his cock, toying with the foreskin before he gives in to Steve’s insistent tugging and takes him all the way down again.
the car, their dirty moans and lusty gasps and wonderfully filthy grunts punctuated by the rhythmic squeaking of the car and the gentle rustling of the wind in the leaves of the trees around them.
The hours come and go like thieves in the night, slipping by between blinks and stolen snippets of rest. He can’t sleep, mustn’t sleep, and he can’t remember the last time he felt rested at all. He remembers screaming and choking and the scent of death and failure and behind it all a sip of blood and hunger pangs shredding his stomach apart.
Tony probably hasn’t even woken up, really. He’s carried on business deals--successful ones--while three-quarters asleep and doped to the gills.
“Oh! No, I was just swinging through for some...coffee.” To his credit, Tony’s pause was barely noticeable as he quickly scanned his surroundings to pick out the nearest establishment. He wasn’t quick enough to hide the wince of distaste as he looked at the Starbucks., however, and Steve figured he should at least do Tony the courtesy of not pointing out his oft-verbalized disdain of anything related to the coffee chain.
Tony relaxed and, after no doubt taking a moment to recover his mental footing, brazenly eyed Steve up and down for a long moment. “Gotta say, casual really,
idea how hot you are like this?” Tony’s breath was hot in his ear, and Steve whined in the back of his throat as he sped up, thrilling in the sensation because it was so good, hating it because it was so far from what he really wanted.
Steve very kindly did not point out that Sam was full of it and obviously merely dipping out on a potentially nasty confrontation. He didn’t even really blame him, to be fair.
It would have tasted amazing. He can feel his mouth water, just thinking about it. But he knows better than to eat Nothing stays down, and it would have probably been spoiled by now anyway.
This was even better than the shampooing had been, Steve realized. The thick lather of the conditioner gentled the aftereffects of the shampoo and put a comforting weight on his head that slowed Tony’s scalp massage to a molasses-like crawl. That haze of relief and comfort began to ease back over him, and Steve sighed and began to shift his head this way and that, greedily urging Tony to pay attention to this spot or that one as the need arose.
Steve moved backwards with him in order to give him more room, stopping when he was reclining against the veritable wall of pillows, no where else for him to go. Not that he especially wanted to, anyway, what with Tony’s delicious heat over him and sinful promise radiating from his gaze.
This base was supposed to be unoccupied with minimal security, but you never really knew with Hydra. Tony’s utter lack of concern for things like security clearances or federal regulations in the face of discovering neo-Nazi cultists had infested SHIELD had won them an incredible amount of information, and all quietly enough that Hydra had no idea where the leaks in their intel was coming from, or how so many of their moles were disappearing.
It takes some doing, getting Tony’s clothes off, but they are eventually naked, and Tony’s staring up at him with a look of disbelieving awe, like he still can’t believe they’re here in this moment, and Steve can sympathize.
For a brief moment, Steve was reminded of Namor, and the ability he had to make someone like and hate him all in one go. Too often, he’d heard people go on about “that damn Namor”, unable to comprehend how they always ended up keeping him around and even enjoying his presence, but as soon as he was gone sanity returned and they could quite cheerfully strangle him.
When Tony finally came back to himself, Steve was idly running a hand through his hair and frowning at the mess all over Tony’s pants, which had been too close to ground zero to avoid the inevitable splash of Tony’s own release.
It’s a grim situation. Steve is dead yet not, and very much present in the Tower. Bruce is gone—and good. He’s either sought help, or deduced that the Hulk could potentially be infected and removed himself from the equation.
wants to start blushing that makes said blush darken even more, but he eschews commenting in favor of urging Tony to scoot up so that’s almost fully upright against the pillows.
“God Tony, I love that you’re so wild for me. I bet if I took that tie out they’d hear you all throughout the mansion, clear outside to Central Park.”
Ty had talked about his DreamVision project that he’d been working on ever since he’d returned from Europe, there’d been some reminiscing about their youth, and they’d just…relaxed. Simply let themselves be. There’d been a playful scuffle over the check at the end that concluded with Ty cleverly switching the receipts and paying for everything
“Your Avengers made it seem as if I needed to speak with Tony rather urgently. A broken amulet and a goat, and something gone wrong with the serum, I believe?”
, and while Tony leans toward the medium-rare end of the spectrum, he’s had his dalliances on the cooler side of the grill, so to speak. Tony wrests his gaze away from the steak, takes in the neat square of salmon tartare topped with red caviar, the red bell pepper ring housing a thick mound of melted red windsor cheese atop a bed of crisp, red slaw.
“Aye, it was a well-fought battle, Steven, and truly, you are a lucky man. Amulets such as the Blue Ādaraya only react as strongly as the emotions abled to be channeled into it. It is a mighty and true love Stark harbors for you, to produce such profound results.”
Steve tucked himself in as much as he could behind his shield and as he reached the tree line, angled himself so it could take the brunt of the impact as he crashed through a wild jumble of branches and neatly roll into a crouch to wait for Natasha to join him on the ground while Clint kept the Quinjet ready for a quick escape.
He’s utterly encompassed by the man, mentally, emotionally, and physically. He would almost feel self-conscious, but judging from the soft litany of his name on Tony’s lips, the stuttered praises and sweet endearments and the look of utter blissed out peace stealing across his face, he supposes that it must be the same for him, too.
Steve laughed and dragged Tony into another kiss, releasing his grip on Tony’s waist so he could work at his belt instead, deftly unbuckling it and then undoing the button and zipper of his slacks in short order.
It’s been so long since he could breathe. Far too long. Not since Afghanistan. Not since the waterboarding and the hole in his chest and the foul cave air and the smoke and munitions fire and the raw desert heat.
Steve looked from the tsums to the young man staring at him, watched the realization dawning in his eyes, no doubt a perfect mirror to Steve’s own gobsmacked expression. Lord, but he was a looker, obviously well-built if a bit short, thick black hair that was cut in one of those deliberately messy styles that Steve had been horrified to learn cost an arm and a leg, a fancy goatee that was reminded him of Howard’s meticulously groomed facial hair, and soulful brown eyes that Steve realized he would probably fall victim to for the rest of his life.
Tony is methodically stripping him--his shirt is unbuttoned, his belt unbuckled, and now Tony’s slowly unzipping him. He wants this, but he wants that moment of exhilaration back, that feeling of all-encompassing love and adoration that had enveloped him. He wants to make love to Tony, with Tony, but more than that he wants the words. It’s one thing to know, it’s another thing entirely to hear it.
Steve let out a distressed noise, thumping his head against his pillow, let down and wanting and...and
“Well, we used to grab a couple of bottles and take it with us on missions. Wasn’t worth shit for drinking, but it was hell on Nazi tanks.”
Steve’s gaze narrows as he begins to calculate angles. It’s a gamble, but if Tony wants to play it this way,
“Man, I said ‘on your left’ for a reason, Cap. There’s nothing but hell waiting for you on the right. Good luck with that, I guess. I’ll be right back. Promised Natasha I’d give her a call.” Sam dropped what was probably meant to be a comforting pat on his hand as he stood up and nodded at the room’s other occupant before beating a hasty retreat.
Steve glares at Tony, feeling his gaze go hard and stubborn. “I can be tactician if nothing else, Tony. At the very least, take me with you--I don’t have to be on the ground to be of use.”
“Jesus, take the compliment, Cap. It’s true, and I swear you’ve got to be fishing. Jan has an unhealthy lust for Calvin Klein models. There’s no high praise from her than being compared to one. Now come here. I want to blow you.”
“Our Captain should be most grievously injured, if not dead, yet he remains whole. And how? You disdain the mystic arts, Man of Iron, and should not have been able to intercede. But whilst you were unable to stave off Amora’s foul hex, you didst leap to our leader’s aid. Mystical energy is not created or destroyed. It transforms, transfers if needs must, and like has always called to like. With its shell destroyed, it sought the nearest conduit of like power.”
Steve ducked into a side-corridor, right on the heels of his tsum, and slid to a halt inside an open door that looked to be some sort of security office. The young man--who quite obviously didn’t belong there--was staring wide-eyed at Steve, or more precisely,
Steve feels a calm resolve settle over him as he stares into Tony’s eyes. Dark shadows of worry and fear eat at the bond, though Tony ruthlessly squashes the vast portion of it down whenever it gets too much and begins to leak over to Steve.
Steve’s little burbles of delight deepen into rough, ecstatic screams as Tony hits that perfect bundle of nerves and hones in, striking it again and again and again, a slave to Steve’s demands. Steve’s orgasm seemed to slam into him like a trainwreck, and Tony wants to pause, wants to watch, but Steve hisses for more, hisses for him to keep going, keep
write me a ticket.” Stark agreed, his voice a mischievous pur. “But I’m rich, you wouldn’t even put a dent in my bank account. Or, I can pay for this some other way and you could really make sure I… learn my lesson?”
and all Tony can see in his mind’s eye is Steve’s crushed and broken goat body. They don’t know it’s Captain America. They wouldn’t care even if they
The unshattered amulet though, that was a showstopper alright. The Blue Ādaraya had been a gleaming nest of delicate silver filigree adorned with flawless blue diamonds, and in the center of it all had been a massive heart-cut sapphire, deep vivid blue and reflecting an inner fire that caused it to sparkle and glimmer as the light played across its faceted surface. It had reminded Steve of Tony’s eyes, cold and unyielding, deep and secretive, warm and brilliant, always shifting from one to the other and back again.
“Tony. This whole situation is bullcone. I know how you feel about me. Everyone in this entire mansion knows how you feel about me. Why are you sitting here trying to deny it? Have I done
Steve’s jaw dropped slightly as Tony spoke, and he boggled at what he was hearing. Did Tony actually
Certainly he had strong foundations of it--he and the Avengers had rapidly moving towards that territory; they’d been thrown together after the Chitauri invasion and the fiasco of Loki escaping with the Tesseract, and between attempting to track down Loki, the revelation that Bucky was still alive thanks to that strange double he’d fought, and the revelation that Hydra was going strong and infesting all levels of government,
Tony drew in a deep breath through his nose and relaxed his throat, and the long, incredulous, nigh orgasmic noise Steve produced made Tony regret not having his phone out. A sound like that needed to be preserved, and he would have fucking recorded it and set it as his text alert tone because
“Um, yeah. I’m fine, so long as I hold onto Tony, but I’m fuzzy on the rest of it.” Steve strokes a hand down Tony’s back as he mumbles sleepily.
If Steve stopped, Tony was sure, he’d fucking die, Jesus, he couldn’t stop, not now. Tony shook his head frantically, and Steve grinned, a slow curling of lips against the shell of his ear.
“Ah.” Natasha let the silence settle for a moment, and Steve was grateful for the quiet memoriam, grateful that he’d at least gotten to see Arnie one last time before the cancer had stolen him away mere weeks after he’d gotten out the ice.
The statement itself is almost playful, and Tony might have a sarcastic quip ready to fling back under better circumstances, but right now? Right now he’s soul-weary and numb and half certain he’s losing his mind, and Steve isn’t exactly careful with the way he’s waving that staggeringly large knife around.
He really was very good looking. Steve held onto his best poker face and did another, longer once over, as if he were checking for visual cues of intoxication. Stark’s black suit jacket that was tailored too snug to his frame to be anything other than a tease or invitation, the black vest and black shirt underneath that should have been overwhelming but somehow worked, and the gleaming diamond pin that accented the black tie was a perfect accent to the whole ensemble.
Steve rolls his eyes and brings his hand up to cover Tony’s mouth. Tony’s eyes are full of panic, and he blinks rapidly before looking away.
Tony’s eyes squeeze shut, and when they open again, Tony’s staring at him like he hung the moon and scattered the stars in the sky. “I love you, Steve.”
Stark was tall, just over 6 feet, and well built. His hair was thick and jet black, styled deliberately reckless in the way that seemed so popular amongst celebrities these days. Steve took in the carefully sculpted eyebrows (they had to be, he refused to believe that was just how they grew) and the meticulously styled van dyke, and flicked his gaze back up to stare into dark blue eyes gone bright with mischief.
“Where’d you go babe?” Tony’s voice was soft and quiet, not mocking but...pleased? Wondering, maybe. “You got so hot for me, Brooklyn, I thought you were going to leave me behind and shoot right off. You were so hot,
It takes everything in him not to roll his eyes. Has that ever worked for anyone, ever, in the history of law enforcement?
Tony groaned as garish red and blue lights pulled out behind him, kicked on his blinkers to indicate to the cop behind him that no, he did not wish to engage in a high-speed chase, and continued to drive until he reached a wide enough stretch of road that they wouldn’t be murdered by a random driver barreling through in the dead of night.
“You won’t,” Steve whispers into his ear, Tony’s blood on his breath and poisoned honey on his lips, “you cant. You
, tanking the blow to get closer into his target’s space, get his hands on them because it’s all over if Steve gets you in his grasp.
It takes a herculean effort not to cave to the weight of all those looks, but he manages, shrugging nonchalantly as he hedges as best he can. “Steve’s one of the best men I know and a very close friend. Of course, I love him.”
Steve is out of the dining chair and almost about to lunge across the table, ready to attack, ready to strike, trying to finally kill him.
blame himself for not noticing sooner, and Steve was positive that he was thinking he had been cut out as some sort of punishment. Tony had taken the exclusion as an implicit lack of trust, and thought he deserved it.
Steve licks his lips, preparing himself. He’s going to need surprise and a burst of strength to escape Tony’s grasp, and then he’ll have only seconds before he’s back to being a goat. He can do it, though. He
“Don’t be boring, Rogers. All the cool historians that made a name for themselves banking on you and Barnes will be crushed… ”
Tony brushes against the mark, shuddering as a jolt goes through him. His stomach, empty by now, twists and aches—he’s hungry, but there is nothing in the penthouse he wants. Neither food nor drink.
Tony said nothing, merely lined himself up with the crack of Steve’s ass and let himself hang there, hot and heavy, rubbing against Steve’s pucker but not even attempting to shift himself inside. Long seconds passed as Steve got more and more keyed up, until he was finally rubbing against the hood of the Saleen. The combination of his spend and the waxed metal created the perfect surface for him to move against, and Steve squeezed his eyes shut and continued to writhe and squirm against the Saleen in counterpoint to Tony’s teasing.
Tony flinches, guilt crossing his expression. Steve moves a hand over to rest flat against Tony’s cheek, his thumb stroking slowly over the meticulously groomed hairs.
A thousand times he’s done this; when he was stressed, when he was angry, when he fought with Howard and came out the worse for wear, when things just never seemed to go the way he wanted. Same as then, his mother shushes him and plays with the curls of his hair, let’s him have a moment to wallow and regroup before patting his cheek. Her signal that the moment was over.
good to him, that wicked tongue of his would dart out, wetting his bottom lip and then Tony would gnaw at it, biting his lip as he worked himself up. He wasn’t a bucker, though. Tony’s rolled his hips and
Steve grabbed Tony by the underside of his knees and yanked him up at an angle so that he was flat on his back and aligned perfectly with Steve’s dick so all he had to do was piston in and out of that
“Tony! God, Tony, please!” Tears well up in his eyes as Tony continues to slowly coax him closer and closer to an orgasm. It’s maddening, infuriating.
What was Tony to say? He was knee-deep in his second Ph.D. and still learning how to manage a division at the time. He wasn’t CEO. Hell, he wasn’t even Vice President of the Research Division, and he’d been camped out there since 1988. Suddenly his parents were gone, he was floundering, and he had this massive company to run years earlier than intended. It was all just...too much. He’d done what he’d always done when he was between a rock and a hard place—let Obie handle it.
not the one who needed protection! That homicidal psychopath with a hate on for you? He shot you up and threw you off the helicarrier! What were you thinking?”
that if it weren’t for the fact they need to be in constant contact or the goat thing kicks back in, Tony would be running off to hide.
Tony gibbers internally. More?! He can’t take more of this. He doesn’t like having his emotions so blatantly displayed, and the goat thing is still Very Much A Problem.
Steve gestured at the two-story high Target on the corner, at the second Starbucks next door, and a nearby row of street-level house shops and eclectic restaurants.
know you, Tony. I’ve seen you at your lowest, and brilliant in your magnificence. I see that true self you keep locked away, the pitiless killer that you desperately pretend doesn’t exist. You fear yourself, and I can smell it on you. Cowardice doesn’t become you at all.”
For the life of him, Steve will never understand how someone as wonderful as Tony consistently manages to sell himself short. Tony’s demons ride him hard, and he battles them constantly. It’s one fight Steve’s more than happy to tag in on.
He just needed to work through this hurdle with Tony, and then? Then, when they were good, when Tony was in a better state? He would tell him about the assassination Hydra had arranged. And, maybe, maybe he didn’t have to say anything at all. When he finished investigating and had tracked Bucky down, maybe he would’ve discovered that it hadn’t been the Soldier who’d done the deed, in the end. Hydra had plenty of agents, and Howard had always had his share of enemies, and maybe, maybe Zola had been lying. Trying to throw them off balance long enough to launch that missile. Or just toying with him because he could.
been was a very expensive, very trendy piece of furniture, and his interior designer would weep tears of blood if he ever discovered what had happened to it.
Steve laughed into Tony’s mouth, sharply slapping his palm against one of his butt cheeks and earning a startled gasp. Steve rubbed the sting out of it, and Tony made a frustrated noise as he fumble yet another button.
“ What is this, Tony?” Steve can’t fathom what is going on in Tony’s head, and he hates it. “Tell me you realize how backwards this is?”
The goat--Steve--is standing in front of him now, staring up at him. So is everyone else in the room. Tony traces one of the massive horns curling up and back on Steve’s head, and tries not to read too much into the way the goat--
“Nnngh”, Steve grunted as he stumbled back against the wall, hands full of Tony’s ass. “Don’t stop.”
Tony’s only reply was a desperate noise in the back of his throat as he continued to stare, utterly incapable of words. As soon as he'd walked through the foyer of his penthouse and spotted his Dom, he'd grown immediately, achingly hard, and his brain had gone fuzzy and packed it up for the night. It took a lot to derail Tony’s train of thought and shut him down completely, and Steve had accomplished it in two seconds flat. Steve looked like he’d just come out of a risqué photoshoot, all glowing and damp from his shower.
Tony’s always so guarded, so careful and strong during the day. He’s got his masks up so he can drag the future into the here and now. He’s running his company, trying to run the Avengers, the city, and the whole rest of the world if he can get away with it, but it’s the quieter moments Steve wants to continue to bask in, the moments when Tony’s still.
Tony, churning with humiliation and self-recrimination and worry that Steve had finally had all he could stand, had been desperate to get past the hurdle and back into his Dom’s good graces, but the collar… It was
Tony doesn’t doubt the anathema will find its way home. He doesn’t need to think. Not with something like this. Up and to the left of the sternum.
He thinks he doesn’t care anymore. He’s being gentled under Steve’s skilled torment, being lulled into a haze of desire and want and need as Steve switches to his left nipple, the cool, open-air drying the saliva on his right, and Tony couldn’t hold back the low, aching plea for more as his eyes fluttered close—
He can’t bring himself to believe there’ll be no complications. It’s magic. Something weird always happens.
. A dove white suit, neatly tailored to accentuate Steve’s broad shoulders and tapered waist, a rose pink and white checkered tie in an Eldredge knot tucked into the light gray vest with mother of pearl buttons. A pair of matching pink diamond cufflinks catch the light as Steve nudges a spoon towards him (he’d confiscated the knife after Tony had thrown it at him, but hadn’t managed to snag the fork).
Occam’s Razor: the simplest solution is usually the correct one. Tony had touched Steve with the magical sigil in his palm, and now he could hear his thoughts.
There was a sharp snap behind him, and then Tony was liberally squeezing liquid soap onto his shoulders. Oh. Right. He was in the shower to get clean, not linger under the shower, and Tony--Steve startled as Tony smeared the soap up and down his arm with blessedly gentle strokes, then began working it up into a thick lather that cut through the layers of sweat and dirt he’d accumulated--Tony had apparently decided to take over as bath attendant.
the soft tugging and light pressure sending sparks of desire through his body and straight to his cock, which bobbed eagerly under Tony’s hands. There was no way Tony could have missed that, plastered against his front as he was, and sure enough, Tony’s hands stilled and a curious noise escaped his throat.
Tony jerked and let his head fall against Steve’s chest, huffing and moaning and dropping all kinds of enticing noises from his lips as Steve worked his hand in a smooth glide down up and down, up and down, stroking them both off and occasionally thumbing over his tip or Tony’s as the need arose, spreading the gathering precum down their shafts to ease the way. .
“All the more reason to stop him. Aren’t you Knights the Denarians’ sworn enemy? Why did you hesitate, Steve?”
It wasn’t his Commandos, but it was just as good in its own way, and he could actually admit to being grateful that Sitwell and Rumlow had so casually offered him that fateful Hail Hydra--as if they thought he was going to return it!--that sent him away from SHIELD and back to the Avengers, Natasha and Clint in tow.
They just might resort to the Guard anyway, because, instead of scrambling, Tony has blocked the exit and is staunch in his refusal to let Steve off the jet. It’s familiar, arguing with Tony like this--they bicker a lot in these situations--but they’ve never gone round while holding hands. It’s almost ridiculous. The only thing more ridiculous than arguing while holding hands would be Tony trying to tell him he’s the weakest link and needs to sit things out, but oh, wait,
Healing had become its own special breed of torture, because the serum had left him considerably more aware than normal people were of their body. His injuries itched and stung as they knit together, producing an infernal buzzing under his skin as nerves and tissue regenerated that he could do nothing for. Broken bones and fractures compounded the problem, because he couldn’t even scratch or massage the affected parts; he was left pawing ineffectually over the site of his injuries, barely able to produce anything except a vague unsatisfying pressure. He didn’t, insult to gory injury, even have the luxury of painkillers. The serum metabolized any sort of foreign agent introduced into his system far too quickly for them to be effective, so he had two options: bear up under it like a man, or haul his wounded aching ass across the European Theatre screaming and leaking tears the entire way.
It’s ridiculous, for fuck’s sake. Ridiculous and embarrassing and oh God, this whole mess. What’s that godawful saying of Logan’s? Doesn’t know whether to shit or go blind? That’s where he is right now, torn between horror and just...laughing hysterically at the utter ridiculousness of it all until he’s in tears and getting hauled off by nice gentlemen while sporting a designer straitjacket.
Getting up means letting go of Tony, however, and he doesn’t have that in him. Not yet. Maybe it’s the newness of it all. They’d barely been able to break apart long enough to get themselves cleaned up before stumbling back to bed in the first place.
Steve shrugged morosely. “Orthiel would just ensnare a host and batter them mentally until they succumbed and then he consumed them utterly, till it was just him in a human shell. And then he killed. He killed indiscriminately, but he didn’t torture or rape or steal. He appeared and people died, as if he was working his way through some sort of infernal hit list. It was bad enough on his own, but Hydra...Hydra found Orthiel’s coin, Tony. It was looted from the synagogue where it had been hidden, and Hydra gave it to the Winter Soldier.”
“Leave me alone, I’m a senior citizen.” Steve took off at a jog for the hatch, leaping out of the Quinjet and into the overcast sky.
A flash of recognition in Tony’s eyes. Steve had never heard of the Winter Soldier, but Natasha had. He’d assumed almost immediately that it was some sadistic fae assassin loosed by Mab, but mortal politics and power-plays held little interest for her. He’d wondered if Tony had known about him. Apparently Tony knew
idea that Stark was packing some serious action--what trashy celeb gossip had already insinuated had been instantly confirmed by the up close and personal view he’d enjoyed once he’d gotten the man’s pants undone (who didn’t wear
clothes flung all over the room, though. The pants are in the middle of the floor where they’d fallen off his waist when Tony pulled him up, his shirt is...somewhere. Steve doesn’t even really recall losing them, but he certainly doesn’t miss them.
Tony wakes up on the floor, afternoon given way to night, and night to the early dawn. He can hear the bustle of the city around him, coming in oh so faintly through the sound blocking walls.
? Also, what the fuck, are these real?” Tony stepped forward, poking at Steve’s bicep. “My soulmate’s a
” Steve lifts the hand that bears Tony’s soulmark and presses a kiss to it. The result was nothing like he expects. Tony jerks and cries out beneath him, head flung back and eyes snapped close as if a bolt of electricity is running through him. He’s fully erect now, Steve can feel it, feel how Tony is rock hard beneath him, that thick and rigid length pressed straight against his own rapidly growing erection. He hadn’t known the sigil would produce that kind of a response, God.
, the sounds you make, I want to pull those out of you all afternoon and all night, let me have it, Brooklyn.”
Credit where it was due, though: Howard Stark had been a weaponsmith without peer. That is, at least, until Tony had been born.
There it was. The crux of the matter. Tony, already protective of what he considered “his own”, had only gotten worse since the Mandarin, and Steve knew he still had nightmares about Pepper. Tony had ensured she was fine by the end, but the damage was done. Tony had become nigh obsessive about ensuring the personal safety of his loved ones, and what Steve had gone through was like as not to send him right over the edge. Much more than his perceived guilt, it was the the fact that he had nearly lost Steve and hadn't been there to do anything about it that had him worked up.
with the same reckless gusto that he did everything else in life, clawed at his chest, tangling one hand in his dog tags as the other scrabbled against the buttons of his shirt, succeeding only in getting the next two undone. He probably would’ve done a better job of it had he not been drunk and distracted with the way Steve rocked and manhandled him, caution gone down the drain three bourbons and a sly grope ago.
His whole body was flushed and covered in a sheen of sweat, his erection almost imposing, jutting proudly out and leaking heavily. It bobbed and jerked as Steve continued to rock into him, slowing his pace but not stopping. Tony hadn’t realized he was leaking so heavily, but it was there, plain as day in the mirror, thick trails of precome leaking out with every thrust.
for this argument. Victor Von Doom, apparently taking advantage of the Fantastic Four’s extended absence, has unleashed an army of Doombots on the city, focused particularly around the Baxter Building. He hadn’t made any demands of the police or SHIELD, and the next step is the National Guard.
, how the fuck strong are y--mmmmph!” Tony gave up trying to talk and just held onto Steve’s biceps as the cop tried to crawl down Tony’s mouth by way of the filthiest kiss ever known. There was no grace or artistry to it, just Steve mashing his lips against Tony’s and going to town, his tongue sweeping into his mouth and seeking out every trace of himself he could reach.
Has...has this happened before? How many times? The pinpricks on his neck burn and Tony feels a chill go down his spine. He’d been warned, hadn’t he? He’s
“Long enough that I was able to fly here from Manhattan, fish your shield and Esperacchius out of the fucking
Tony finally released his feet, and when Steve complied with his request to turn back over, he was fully erect and leaking thick trails trails of precome. Tony licked his lips, and Steve jolted with anticipation, knowing that whatever followed next was going to leave him utterly wrung out, and he couldn’t wait. What Tony had done to him,
lost her temper by the time the Steve got hold of the amulet, and she’d screeched and called him a ‘stubborn old goat’ before throwing a golden bolt of magic at him when he refused to give it up. Amora missed him, however, and hit the amulet instead, and there had been an awful cracking sound and then the amulet had begun to hiss and throb with mystical energy and Tony had shouted Steve’s name and there was the familiar whine of rapidly approaching repulsors, and then a flare of energy, and…
Maria Collins Carbonell Stark was a genius and a weaponsmith in her own right, and while she might have married into a family of ironmongers, she never—quite literally—forgot her roots. The Carbonells had poisoned their way through four noble houses, two popes, and a Sorcerer Supreme before the rest of the magical community realized they had a
“You wouldn’t be the first,” Tony muttered sourly. “Mab would see him dead for that audacity alone. She has no great love for Hydra in the first place, and to claim Winter’s name and then wreck her plans? She’s set her Knight after the Winter Soldier before.”
him, and it’s the best thing he’s heard in his life, and the moment is embedded deep in his mind. He will always have that much, and more, God he wants so much more.
Tony’s muffled scream was barely that as what looked like a powerful aftershock rode through him, the lesser trembles and twitches against Steve’s body only serving to prolong his own climax.
“You would’ve done it already,” Steve assures him, knocks the anathema aside, and Tony watches it skitter across the floor harmlessly. He hears a faint noise like a woman screaming but can’t pay it any mind, too focused on Steve. Steve always has had a way of commanding his attention like little else.
“Gonna have someone get curious, and boy what a show they’ll get.Think the cops will let us finish before they haul us off to jail?”
He’d been away only days, not even a whole month, and then he’d been sent right back down the chaotic spiral.
Natasha cocked her head, that mercurial smirk tugging at her lips again. “Tell you what. You can have that Nazi boot-licking piece of shit, but you have to make it hurt, and I get to dress you.”
it’s a moot point, really, and Steve simply lunges at the countertop and occasionally plants his front hooves on top of it to butt at Clint’s feet or legs, and sometimes just to make a weird screaming warble at him that almost sounds like a name, but also closely resembles a helpless creature being strangled.
“I can't believe you had all that in you, 5-0. Look me up sometime, why don’t you?” Tony grinned and winked at him before sliding back into his car. “Later, Officer Handsome!”
Steve grinned into the kiss, something in him unfurling as memory crept up on him, myriad escapades in alleys just like this, hasty interludes that sometimes led to more, sometimes didn’t, but was always a good time. He might not be 100 lbs. and nothing but spite and bones anymore, but it was...familiar? A little piece of normalcy? Steve Rogers tipsy and carrying on in an alleyway, just another random night.
, like grasping hands latching onto his innermost core and seizing a tendril of it to pull. It’s thin and almost frail at first, and the certain knowledge that he can’t let the connection weaken and fail washes over him.
“Caution, good Witch. Soul markings are not safely tampered with. Even the dearest of comrades will rise up in defense.”
He gave himself a mental pat on the back for not losing his patience with Stark’s decidedly overt perusal and returned to his standard traffic stop script, as if he could brazen out normalcy.
He’s forgetting something, he needs to be elsewhere he needs—he needs—his head throbs, pain beating at his skill like a hammer at an anvil.
[[As much as I adore the fact that you just won me 20 bucks, I have to say that parachutes exist for a reason, Cap. No one wants to clean splattered super-soldier off the ground.]]
. Not happening.” There’s that inflexible note in Tony’s voice now, the one he gets before he starts deciding someone’s best interest and running roughshod over their wishes.
“Jesus Christ, Tony, calm him down!” Carol snaps, and gestures angrily at his hand. “You have that magical bond or whatever,
And then there was the illness. It was always something, growing up. Colds, influenza,  pneumonia, three different polio scares, and a barely dodged bullet with TB that
Tony isn’t in the habit of lying to himself, and he’s secure enough in his manhood that he can own up to this simple fact of life.
Thor nods at Clint’s outburst, and Tony feels that throbbing churn in his gut, the one that comes from being stuck in ridiculous situations and might actually be well on its way to becoming an ulcer by now. He’s about to
Tony leaned over him, pressing a light kiss to his jaw, to his neck, and then traced the curve of his ear with the tip of his tongue. Steve moaned, felt himself flush with want. God, he loved it when Tony played with his ears, with his neck, his skin so sensitive there...
Leaving Steve out in the backyard for the night like he was some common barnyard animal, temporarily a goat or not, had felt
Tony shies away from that thought, the migraine that’s been looming at the very edges of his senses dulling down and almost entirely away.
Steve’s own wanton, greedy noises mingle with his own in a carnal duet that is punctuated by the clinking of buckles and ripping and tugging and shifting and by the time Tony’s able to swim above the high and the demanding
Tony laughed, closer this time, and Steve’s eyes fluttered open to see Tony standing over him, dangling the controller to his vibrator.
, but his pants were accounted for, at least. Steve hadn’t managed to rip those entirely off, so one leg was fully exposed, but his pants were pooled and wrapped around his other leg.
