“Let’s get out of here,” Tony says, dragging him out the back into the alley. Steve is shocked, he’s been hoping, wanting, wishing, and suddenly it’s all happening, and – Tony drags him out of the alley and into the street, where there’s a street vendor with a cart selling tacos. Oh. So, not dragging Steve into a back alley for sex.
There are protests from Yen and Hawley, but the SHIELD and Avengers personnel in the room with Steve all look somewhat relieved.
Steve is moaning into Tony’s mouth, breath panting and stuttering as he grinds down, and Tony deliberates letting him come in his pants before they even undress, just to get the first orgasm out of the way.
“Good,” Steve says, squatting down in front of Tony so that their heads are close together, until Tony can smell Steve’s skin. “That’s very good.”
Tony moans, the sound punched out of him like a bullet, as Steve twists his fingers and starts rubbing the pads of them over Tony’s prostate.
better, Cap. You know that every little thing we do here will have some effect on the entire timeline, will change their entire future.”
Tony had forgotten about it, honestly. The silver half mask on his face, concealing and obscuring his identity.
And that just won’t do. Tony moves back to the toy chest and places the paddle down beside it. He pulls out a flogger next. It’s leather, with knots throughout the leather strands for added sting. It’s Steve’s favourite.
He drops to a crouch again, and presses a sloppy, wet, claiming kiss to Steve’s slack lips. He licks his way into Steve’s mouth, and Steve is passive, letting him – just a warm, wet mouth that Tony can do with as he likes.
“This okay, honey?” Tony asks him, waving the silicone cock a little so it bounces. He’s gripping it around the base, his hand not quite making it all the way around the girth of it.
And, fuck, Steve can’t resist. He pushes forward, using one hand to aim his cock at Stark’s gorgeous hole, and they both cry out as his cock stretches Stark’s hole, pushes forward and seats itself in his tight heat.
That low chuckle from Steve again. “God, you look almost as satisfied as when you came. It must be good.”
He reaches out and slides the towel off and away, letting it drop to the floor, baring Stark’s beautiful, dark, hard cock to his gaze.
“This is gorgeous,” Steve says, hands smoothing down the oil-slick skin of Tony’s ass. He squeezes the flesh in his hands, using his thumbs to spread Tony’s cheeks slightly. He shivers a little, a reaction to the mixture of cool air on his sensitive hole, the oddly gentle praise, and at the feeling of being on display like this.
Tony takes a deep breath, already planning his escape to Japan for a month if this goes wrong, and leans forward and up, pressing his lips to Steve’s.
Tony’s cock is hard and hot in his hand. He strokes it, keeping his grip tight as he fucks into Tony’s body.
Tony takes a few deep breaths, feeling his body relax around the growing toy, and then braces himself. “Three, four.”
Steve fucks him and fucks him, fast and deep, pulling Tony’s hair and basking in the cut off moans and cries coming from Tony. He’s not making noise intentionally, isn’t even aware of the noises being torn out of his throat. Steve pulls out, all the way, and groans in wonder at the way Tony’s hole gapes open for him, used and red and puffy, slick with lube. Steve loves that, how Tony’s hole clenches around air, desperate to be filled.
Steve keeps tight control of the kiss, guiding Tony through it, so all Tony can do is accept the kiss, let his mouth be claimed, and that feeling of being
Steve nods frantically, licking his lips and opening wide, looking up at Tony with desperate love in his eyes. He’s down into subspace for sure, and he’s in that soft, floaty place where all he wants is to please Tony, to belong to him.
Tony feels his cheeks flush, but he’s still too sated and down to worry about anything as trivial as embarrassment. “I miss chocolate,” he admits after he’s – slowly – chewed and swallowed the sweet treat down.
. He knows Mr. Stark is an attractive man. He’s far enough on the sexuality spectrum that most of his partners have been men, so he’s seen his fair share of gorgeous male forms. But Mr. Stark is… just the right amount of compact, muscled, fit. He’s strong without being bulky (like Steve, himself), and his muscles are in good form. He’s svelte without being wiry, slim in the waist and thick in the thighs. God, he’s exactly Steve’s type, and his ass is… if Steve were a poet, he could write sonnets. The man is
it, and knows it. Knows it like he’s always known it, like there’s never been anything else but love between them.
Steve returns it with as much energy as he can muster, but even then it's sloppy and rough. Tony lets out a rough, low chuckle and pulls back, gathering Steve against his chest as he lays back on the bed.
Steve gently feeds him a segment at a time, stroking Tony’s face and petting his hair. When Tony’s had enough, Steve gives him a little more water, then continues to pet him and kiss his temple, murmuring in Tony’s ear how good and sweet and beautiful he is.
to him, without all the bullshit – even though they do still argue – is wonderful, goes one step further to deepening Steve’s feelings.
Steve lets out a sharp, heavy breath. Tony licks again – Steve tastes of clean sweat, earth and warmth. His ass bunches and clenches in Tony’s hands, but his hole stays relaxed so Tony can lick into it, letting his tongue spear inside. He loves doing this for Steve; Steve’s ass truly is magnificent so it’s not exactly a stretch to worship it, and Steve’s choked-off moans and whimpering sighs make Tony hard as hell. Steve’s hands are clenching and gripping the sheets under him, and he keeps shifting his hips back to get closer to Tony’s mouth. Tony licks and sucks and kisses Steve’s rim, feeling the muscle soften and slicken under his mouth. Eventually, Steve is whining with every breath out, and Tony knows he’s close. Steve is so sensitive that just having his ass eaten is enough to get him to the edge, and that sensitivity is one of Tony’s favourite things about sex with Steve. One of many, to be honest.
Tony moves to roll back onto Steve again, but Steve holds him back, eyes raking up and down Tony’s body. His cock is hard, decently long. His abs are tight and rippling, his chest rising and falling with his breaths.
Steve is so impressed by him, he keeps trying to say it aloud, but every time he opens his mouth to talk about his feelings, as abstract as they are, Tony changes the subject or kisses him quiet.
He puts the flogger in the chest, and starts unbuttoning his shirt as he walks around to the front of the bench. He strips the rest of his clothes off while standing in front of Steve, letting him watch as Tony bares himself, as he pulls his straining cock out and drops his pants. When Tony is naked, he reaches out with both hands to take the belt from Steve’s mouth. It’s wet with drool, and there are two perfect half-moons bitten into it from Steve’s perfect teeth.
“Steve,” he gasps, even as Steve reaches down and cups Tony’s sensitive balls in one big, warm hand.
Steve reaches a hand forward, sliding over Tony’s hip and gripping his cock. He jerks it fast because he’s impossibly close to orgasm, and he wants – no
This time, they roll as they’re making their way back to lying on the bed, mouths moving together, and then Tony is over him, kissing him.
He leans forward, over Steve's torso. The action bends Steve's leg up, up, up, until he's almost folded in half, and Tony has to let go of Steve's cock to support himself, but he leans all the way anyway. He tilts his head to the side and presses a soft, gentle kiss to Steve's lip, the bottom one, that's stretched out around the lace fabric.
The break-up is all over the gossip rags, but it’s amicable. They both go off to lick their wounds in peace, but they’re talking like friends again within a week. They’re fighting over contract signatures and deadlines again in five.
Steve thrusts down hard and fast, grinding himself down on the cocks inside him, and cries out as his cock jerks in Tony’s grip, spilling come that drips over Tony’s knuckles. Tony’s own cock throbs, encased in tight heat, and Steve just keeps grinding, his cock pulsing as he drags his orgasm out.
“Oh, that’s it, that’s it honey,” Tony croons, stroking him through it. “You’re beautiful like this, come on.”
The gang’s all there when he gets there. Even Barton is in the tower. They want to know why he didn’t call. Tony… doesn’t have an answer. It turns into an argument, and Tony does what he always does, and he walks away. It’s his tower, he can do what he wants.
Tony shivers, feels himself sink down a step further into subspace, feels his body sink down against the cool table.
Steve stands up then, pulling away from Tony and quickly divesting himself of his jeans, walking back around Tony’s body. Tony can’t see him now, but that’s fine. He doesn’t need to see Steve to be good for him. He can hear Steve’s breathing, can feel the subtle shift in the air as Steve moves behind him, then Steve’s hot hands on Tony’s hips. Steve tucks his finger under the blue G-string of Tony’s underwear and pulls it to the side. He wraps the fingers of his other hand around the base of the plug, and pulls it out. He’s not slow and gentle, he’s fast and efficient about it. He flicks the button to turn the vibrations off as he drops the toy the ground, and between one breath and the next Steve is thrusting into Tony’s body, into his slick, open hole. He thrusts hard, in and out. He’s fast and brutal, and his hand slides up Tony’s spine to grip into his hair, jerking Tony’s head back and exposing his throat.
Steve smiles back, leans in and kisses Tony, then crawls up onto the big bed, lying on his back in the middle of it.
Tony's cock is putting constant pressure on Steve's prostate; it always does when they're in this position, with one of Steve's legs up over Tony's shoulder. Steve whines at how good it is, at the continuous pleasure, at the feeling of Tony fucking in and out of him.
“That’s so good, sweetheart,” Steve murmurs, and then he pulls on the toy, gently, gently, and Tony’s body is relaxed, wrung out, so the toy comes free, and Steve holds it up, shows Tony its wicked girth, shows him how wide it is, and he can feel the flutter of air inside him. He knows his ass is gaping open, wonders if Steve will fuck him now, and wants it.
"I don't think an apology is going to cut it," Tony says, fluidly jumping up off the bed and standing. He stalks his way toward Steve, slowly circles him while trailing one warm, calloused hand over Steve's shoulders. "In fact, I think I might have to punish you."
Steve shrugs. “They didn’t tell me much. Name of Tony, then the, uh, preferences in your file. And the mask…”
“Seven,” Tony whispers, and the stretch is almost too much, it burns with intensity, and Tony’s lungs are tight, his head dizzy. But he sinks further down, moaning as Steve goes back to stroking his cock.
Steve opens his mouth and sucks. The angle isn't good for any kind of depth, but Steve does what he can – he sucks and licks and opens his jaw, tilts his head down, trying to give Tony as much of his mouth as he can.
The process to get an appointment had been arduous. He’d been through three rounds of health screenings, two psych evals, and countless intake forms. He’d answered surveys and questionnaires about his preferences, proclivities, past sexual history and hard limits.
“I shouldn’t have – I should have been more sensitive about how hard this is for you. I know it’s difficult, knowing she’s – I know you must be lonely. I shouldn’t have taken advantage of that.”
Tony’s awareness leaps up a few steps, and he opens his eyes, blinking owlishly up at Steve from his lap. “You’ve never had it?”
Steve responds with a quiet groan low in his throat, and then the floodgates are open. Steve crowds him against the wall of the elevator and
“Um,” Tony says, blinking himself back to full awareness. File. Right. The thought of tech right now is comforting, but the idea of being lulled into a false sense of security scares him. “Surprise, I guess?”
Tony pulls out carefully, gently lifting Steve's leg off his shoulder and placing it on the bed. He crawls up beside Steve's heaving body, still wracked with the odd twitch, and unlatches the cuffs on his wrists, then carefully pulls the ruined panties from Steve's mouth and presses a hot, wet kiss there.
Clint shrugs. “There’s this guy on the STRIKE team,” Clint says with a little twist of his mouth. “Tomasson. Real big mouth. Lots to say about lots of things. Saw Cap’s book, went off about the ‘homos’.” The smirk turns into a full fledged smile, though it’s not friendly. “Tomasson’s off the team. Cap made him fly home commercial.
Steve nods vigorously, moaning around the panties again as Tony surges up and straddles him, dropping his phone on the mattress beside them and wrapping his hand around his cock again. He shifts up so he's straddling Steve's chest, slowly stroking himself. His other hand finds its way to Steve's hair, gripping it securely, holding Steve's head exactly where he wants it.
“Please, Tony, please, fuck me, please,” Steve wails, and Tony may be the one dominating him, but he’s helpless against Steve’s desire, his desperation, and all he can do is give Steve what he wants.
The man with the arm augment is gagging, choking on the cock in his throat, but he’s not struggling to get away. If anything, his own cock gets harder, twitches a little against his belly.
He feels a bead of sweat drip down his neck from his hairline, still a little shocked he can feel anything other than the torturously insufficient pleasure from Steve’s little toys.
“I’m going to gag you after all,” Tony says. “For a little while, anyway.” Then he takes the belt and places it between Steve’s full, pink lips. Steve, without having to ask and with a low gasp of lust, closes his teeth over the leather, holding the belt there in his mouth.
The most interesting thing about the scene to Tony, though, is that the sub has a full cybernetic arm. Might even be a Stark model, based on the finger articulation as the man jerks off a long, hard cock to his left. There’s a decal on it, a big red star, and yet the man hadn’t bothered to get a vanity sleeve or any other kind of camouflage. It’s expensive – Tony knows intimately how costly augments and cybernetic enhancements can run, and he has a pretty good idea why this man, this sub, is here at the facility. What he’d traded his freedom for.
“I know we had a deal. You weren’t supposed to – well, you were supposed to be there. To see Morgan grow up. You weren’t supposed to lose her and Pepper.”
Steve’s cheeks go pink in a way that Tony finds debilitatingly beautiful. “It’s not something we had money for, when I was growing up.”
“Shh, shh, honey, I know, it was so good, you’re so good,” Tony murmurs, dropping to his knees in front of Steve. Steve flushes at the praise, feeling light and warm and easy, and then Tony is kissing him, rough and wet and hard, like he’s trying to taste his own pre-come in Steve’s mouth.
“Yeah, look at you coming back up already,” Tony says with a sigh. “Sorry about that, honey. We’ll get you tied down again soon.”
bite down too hard and leave marks, and then Tony will be able to spank him for it, and they both know it.
“Hmm?” Tony asks around the soldering iron in his mouth. Not the safest place to store it, but he only needs both hands for a second.
Tony reaches down and gives a light swat to Steve’s ass, glancing down to watch the muscle jiggle. He grins when Steve makes a pleading, breathy sound, then leans forward to kiss him again.
Steve pulls back, tucks a finger under Tony’s chin to bring his face up so he can meet Tony’s eyes. He studies him for a long moment, then leans forward and presses a gentle, chaste kiss to Tony’s lips. He hadn’t known there would be kissing; had assumed there wouldn’t.
“You’re fucking beautiful, my gorgeous golden boy,” Tony growls, hitting harder, and Steve gets through his orgasm without passing out. His cock is still hard, though, and Tony is still hitting him with the crop, and Steve is still crying and yelling and begging.
The pads that Steve’s calves are attached to are on adjustable braces, so Tony can spread them out to the side to widen Steve’s stance, or push the front ones forward if he wants Steve’s arms stretched up over his head.
He flops onto the bed beside Tony, reaches over the side of the bed and snags his T-shirt, using it to wipe his own come off Tony’s chest and belly.
“Very welcome,” Tony interrupts firmly, grabbing hold of the shoulders of Steve’s soft blue sweater. “Very welcome and very overdue, now back to the kissing.”
Tony grins, flicking his thumb across the top of the lube bottle, snapping the lid open. He puts the vibrator and dildo down and slicks his fingers, trailing them in a wet circle around Steve’s hole. His moan this time is less urgent, the worst of the edge taken off when he’d come the first time, but it’s still sweet-sounding and beautiful. Tony strokes a finger into Steve, joins it quickly with another, pressing the full length of his fingers into Steve’s hot, tight body. He only intends to brush against Steve’s prostate from time to time, but when Steve moans and pushes back against Tony’s fingers, he indulges him, rubbing the pads of his fingers against that sensitive spot. Steve’s panting and whining again in no time, and Tony can’t get enough of watching him come, the way his whole body clenches and jerks and his cock throbs, so he pushes Steve harder, fucks his fingers into Steve’s ass faster, and then Steve is coming again, this time with no stimulation to his cock, and his whole body shudders with it, pulsing more come onto the towel beneath him.
“I want you to have it,” Tony says, honest and open in a way he can only be in subspace. In a way he hasn’t been in years. “I don’t like being treated differently because I’m – who I am. I shouldn’t have special privileges. You should be able to taste chocolate.”
Tony does as he’s told, walking through the door as Coulson reaches back to hold it open, then following Coulson up a set of stairs. As they make their way up, the sounds from the second floor start to make their way down.
“Green,” Steve replies, and he thinks the smile on his face might be a little on the goofy side. “Now get up here, mister.”
He reaches forward again, between Steve’s spread legs, and strokes his cock root to tip, again and again until Steve lets out a strangled sound and spills across the towel under him. Tony strokes him through the orgasm, still licking and sucking at his hole, until Steve’s breath starts to return to a normal rhythm.
It feels strange, feels weird and wrong and different, but his whole body is loose and relaxed because of the ropes, because he doesn’t have any
At just that moment, as he’s sliding into the back seat of the Taxi behind Tony, Steve’s phone vibrates in his chest pocket. He pulls it out and glances at it. It’s from Clint.
, Tony can’t help it. He lets out a low, deep moan as his balls draw up tight, and there’s a rushing in his ears as his whole body tenses, as he drives hard up into Steve’s hole over and over. He’s hyper aware of the tight, hot slickness, the hard silicone cock alongside him, and he fucks up into Steve, everything else fading away as he comes hard, hot and slick and wet in Steve’s stretched hole.
He and Pepper discuss the end of their relationship kindly. No, there isn’t anyone else. No, she’s not upset he almost gave his life in the fight. No, neither of them are sleeping at night after the battle – her, because the back of her eyelids are playing constant footage of Iron Man arcing up into a wormhole with a nuke on his back; him, because the back of his eyelids are playing constant footage of the Chitauri fleet, the nuclear explosion in space, and
Steve’s not entirely sure, at first. Mr. Stark’s moans and mewls might be entirely innocent. It might just be that the man is overworked, tired and stressed, and in desperate need of a massage. Steve understands that -- he’s a mobile massage therapist,
In the back of his mind, he wonders if it’s because, somehow, despite everything, he’d trusted Steve. Already, after so little time, he’d already trusted Steve to give him what he needs without taking anything Tony doesn’t want to give.
,” Tony says, waving a hand dismissively. “I get that you’re, you know. Not… I’m a client. I get that, is what I’m saying.”
, he barely knows this Dom, but Tony knows he’s a strange Sub, that most Subs need the violence and the pain to reach subspace, and he doesn’t want to think about Steve providing that. Doesn’t want to think about Steve wishing he could be doing it now, even though Steve had said he didn’t like pain, either. He’s probably trained to say whatever the Sub he’s servicing wants to hear.
The sex is good. Tony has no complaints about the sex. The sex is… Jesus, Steve is magnificent, and Tony could gobble him up, but most nights Tony’s the one who ends up with his ass well-fucked, and he just hasn’t had a chance to properly treat Steve’s ass like he wants to.
Steve moans, thrusting forward hard. “God, Tony, god,” he moans, setting a punishing rhythm of thrusts forward. The sound of his hips slapping against the plump full cheeks of Stark’s – Tony’s – ass fills the room.
Finally, he pulls back and reaches for a bottle of water on the nightstand, which he’d made sure to stock before they started. He quickly uncaps it and lifts it to Steve’s lips, holding it steady so Steve can take sips at it until he’s ready for a proper drink.
“Okay, honey,” Tony smiles indulgently, eyes bright. He takes the jar from Steve and gestures with a nod of his head. “Over on your stomach, let me make you feel good.”
doing it, he’s always liked doing it, but he’s never – obviously – done it while tied up. Never done it from this position. But he suddenly wants it, wants to do it more than anything in the world, wants it more than
Tony slides away from him then, and stands up beside the bed. Steve instantly misses the heat of his skin, the proximity, but Tony has always been particularly creative, so Steve is sure he won't mind where this is going.
Steve’s cheeks flush pink and he looks up from the counter. He holds his hands up in front of him, palms facing in, like a surgeon who’s just washed his hands. In front of him, on the counter, is a big naked bird.
“I like the traffic light system,” Tony says with a shrug. “It’s antiquated, but it gets the point across.”
“Please. Steve. I want you to try it.” Brutal honesty bubbles up out of his throat again. “Please. What you did for me tonight… no one has ever done anything like that. I feel so… it doesn’t matter. The point is, you deserve something for that. You were amazing. And I want to do something nice for you, and this is all I can think of. Please.”
It startles a laugh out of him, which only makes his mouth open wider, and allows Tony to ball the panties up into his mouth.
“What for?” Steve sits up, pushing himself back against the headboard and letting the blankets pool around his waist.
He can stand, so he does, letting Tony help him to his feet. He uses his physical freedom to pull Tony into another kiss, wrapping his arms around Tony’s back to hold him close. Tony’s skin is so warm, smooth. He wants to touch him everywhere.
Tony moans, his whole body jerking with violent aftershocks. He’s come up a couple of steps out of subspace with the intensity of the orgasm that had ripped through him, but after another moment his body relaxes, and he sinks back down again, even further than before.
He moans as Steve thrusts his tongue inside him, licking and sucking at Tony’s rim. Steve keeps at it, letting his tongue open Tony up gently, relaxing the tight ring of muscle at his pucker. Tony does his best not to move, but he can’t help the little micromovements of his hips, the little shivers of lust and pleasure that go through his body.
Steve’s brain grinds to a screeching halt. Oh, hell, Tony’s going to let him – he’s going to get to – oh
"You know," Tony says, the words drawn out in a way that makes it sound like he's trying to pretend – poorly – that he's only just thought of his next words. "You're awfully mouthy for a guy who's at my mercy."
Steve doesn’t have words. He knows Tony hadn’t wanted to. That Tony had done it for Steve’s peace of mind.
“Okay,” Tony says, his hand up again to forestall whatever Steve feels the need to say. “Whatever it is, Steve, it’s going to be okay.”
Coulson leads him further along, and there’s a group scene happening in the next partition. Tony slows again, watching.
Steve fights down a smile. He likes Coulson – even more now, a year after the Chitauri attack that they'd thought had killed him. He'd been stiff and serious then. He's still stiff and serious, but every once in a while that dry wit snaps out like a weapon in someone's direction (rarely Steve's) and it's a joy to watch.
Tony moves one hand off Steve’s hip and dips his fingers into the open jar of slick, then wraps his fingers around Steve’s cock.
One night, Tony comes home from work and flops right onto the sofa. “It’s done,” he says. “Zola. I left a file in my filing cabinet, locked. Can’t tell them yet because I can’t explain how I know, but before we go I’ll tell my Dad. He invited me over for dinner again, but I can’t… I can’t go. My mom. Baby-me. Just… not a good idea.”
It takes him slowly, the orgasm, but it rushes over him unstoppably. His balls draw up, feel tight and sensitive where they’re slapping down against Tony’s belly. His cock is slippery with precome, and his whole body starts to shake as he gets closer and closer.
Steve thinks about it for a long minute. “But you’re still here for six months, missing your wife and daughter.”
Tony is commenting on the photos as he flips through, too. "And here's me showing you the dick you can't suck because you're in a meeting… oh, and here's me showing you my ass, even though you can't have it because you're – yep, you guessed it – in a meeting…"
Tony stares at Steve’s hole, the way the skin is stretched around the dildo and his finger. He stares at Steve’s arched back, his trembling thighs, his flushed skin. The back of his hairline, along his neck, is slightly damp with sweat. He’s mewling and panting and pushing back onto the toy, onto Tony’s finger.
Steve moans, drops his hand from Tony’s chin and wraps it around the back of his neck instead, holding him in place and deepening the kiss.
And then, like the flip of a switch and like a feather floating to the floor, Tony’s eyes flutter closed, his ears rush with the sound of his own blood in his veins, and he tips over into the soft, wonderful surrender of subspace.
“That’s it,” Steve praises him, letting go of his cock to pet Tony’s belly soothingly. Tony knows his whole body is trembling with effort – effort to hold still, effort to relax, effort to hold on desperately to the last vestiges of awareness and control no matter how badly he wants to let it all go.
The world doesn’t end. Tony’s heart swells, pounding, as the air leaves his lungs. But it feels good. It feels like everything he’d ever wanted, everything he’d ever hoped for.
“How are you feeling, love?” Steve asks eventually, his fingers dancing slow circles over Tony’s hip bone.
Stark will keep his eyes closed because he can’t imagine a world where he isn’t blushing furiously and obvious in his arousal. He lifts the towel, averting his gaze, as he entreats Stark to turn over onto his back so that Steve can work on the front of his legs, as well as his neck and shoulders and pecs.
“I mean it, Cap,” Tony says, reaching over to push Steve’s beer further away from them on the coffee table. “This is
Steve takes the last piece of chocolate and holds it up to Tony’s lips. Tony reaches up and plucks it from his fingers, snapping it in half roughly and holding one half out to Steve. Steve takes it with a little huff of breath, and then presses the small triangle to Tony’s lips. Tony kisses his fingers and holds his own triangle up to Steve’s mouth, and they each take the morsel at the same time.
Stark does a graceful twist, levering himself up off the table and turning so he’s bent over it, his beautiful ass pushed out for Steve to admire.
“Oh, honey, you’re so – oh,” Tony is saying behind him, and then he’s pulling out almost all the way before he thrusts forward again.
“I mean, okay, I know it’s December 24, but it’s also not even noon, and it also doesn’t explain what you’re doing.”
He stands, quickly unbuckling his belt, unzipping his fly and pulling his own half-hard cock out. Steve’s head is, intentionally, at the exact height required for Tony to step forward and feed his cock into Steve’s waiting mouth.
“Please,” Steve answers. His cock is hard and leaking, but his head is fuzzy and warm and light, and the fact that Tony had said yes, hadn’t laughed at him or mocked him or made a weird face – Tony wants his mouth, he’ll let Steve open him up like that, and god, it’s just want Steve wants.
They’re having sex every night. It’s amazing, and Steve has never felt this way before. But they only go to Steve’s bed together, and while they’re wrapped up in one another’s arms when Steve falls asleep, he always wakes alone, the other side of the bed cold.
When Steve is feeling up to it, he reaches out and takes the bottle from Tony’s hand, propping himself up on his elbow while he takes deeper drinks, swallowing until the bottle is empty.
Steve will admit to himself it might be the second time, ever, that he’s gotten the last word in an argument with Tony. Maybe the third.
With regret, Tony slows his thrusts, and pulls his cock all the way out. He pulls the dildo out, and watches Steve’s hole clench around nothing. The rim is puffy, stretched, and won’t even close all the way – Tony can see a few centimeters into Steve’s hole as he gapes open.
“Please, please,” Steve keens, leaning back and supporting himself with his hands on Tony’s thighs. He thrusts down over and over, whole body shaking as Tony’s cock hits his prostate, as Tony’s hand strokes his cock.
He lets Steve suck him a little while longer, and then he shimmies down Steve's body, crawling off him and down between his legs. Before he does anything else, though, he picks up the little lace panties he'd discarded beside Steve's body, crumples them back up and stuffs them back into Steve's mouth with a devilish grin.
Tony hates it. Hates giving up that control, hates putting his body in someone’s hands. He needs the subspace, needs the quiet in his head to take over the chaos, but almost every dom has used the same methods to bring him down, and every time, Tony fights and struggles and needs to be sedated so he can come back up from the inevitable drop.
“God, Tony, you’re the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen,” Steve rumbles, pressing the heel of his palm against the base of the dildo and rocking it in a few times, the pressure against Tony’s prostate making him let out a staccato moan. Steve seems content to tease him with the dildo for long moments, his other hand stroking idly up and down Tony’s cock.
Steve blinks at it for a moment, trying not to let the flicker of arousal low in his belly get any further than it already is.
Tony moans, and Steve pushes him down, dipping Tony until his back is on the bed, his hips still raised in Steve’s lap. Steve reaches and guides Tony’s arms above his head, until his hand bumps against wrought iron. “Hold onto that,” Steve tells him, orders him. Tony slips down a little further and wraps both hands around the cool, rough metal. “Don’t let go.”
Steve stays inside him for long moments, breathing deeply to try and catch his breath. When he finally pulls out, Tony moans even though Steve’s trying to be careful. Tony is still crying.
There are sconces on the walls, bouncing warm, orange light off the ceiling. The carpet is plush and clean, and there’s a secondary entrance at the end of the hall.
“Fuck, Fuck,” Stark stutters out. “Fuck, please, just – fuck me, I know that’s not what you guys usually do but I need –”
“We understand your preferences, Mr. Stark,” Coulson says, obviously catching onto Tony’s discomfort at the vicious looking toys. He gestures for Tony to go in. “Nothing will happen in that room without your express consent. Please go inside.”
Well, Steve thinks, he can just deal with it. Frustration is knowing that Tony is working at SHIELD every day, could get caught any day. Frustration is working some construction job because he can’t let anyone find out who he is. Frustration is being useless and not being able to do anything to change their situation or get them back to 2023, just waiting for Tony to do all the heavy lifting.
He wants it. He wants this for him, and he wants this for Steve, and the second finger slides in, tight, with the first, and Steve’s cry is deliciously needy.
He moves to the bed, but he hesitates when he gets there. Last time, Tony had tied him down on his front, but he wants to see Tony’s face, wants to watch him as he fucks Steve, watch him shake and tremble when he comes.
“Working on a little spy camera,” Tony shrugs. “If I can plant it in Pym’s lab, maybe I can keep an eye on his progress even when I’m not there. And without asking him.”
Steve snorts but does as he's told, stripping his shirt off quickly and unbuttoning his pants even as he moves toward the bed. He shoves them down and crawls onto the bed, pulling his socks off as he goes.
Steve shrugs one shoulder, as though embarrassed. “I’m just a – you’re the client. And an important one, I guess.”
“Feels good,” Steve moans, arching his back and pushing out his ass. “Feels full. Tony, god, I feel so full.”
Later, when they’re exhausted and he’s seen space and terror and the end of all things, and Loki is wrapped up in some fancy science-magic handcuffs, and Rogers is clapping him on the back and giving him that soft, slightly-impressed look, Tony starts to think maybe he’s the one who’d be destroyed.
at 4:30, more like 5:00,” Steve says, smoothing his hands over the poultry. Tony’s actually having a hard time tearing his gaze away from where Steve’s giant hands are sliding across the flesh of the impressively sized bird. “And if we eat early, we’ll have room for turkey buns before Midnight Mass.”
"Jarvis," Tony says then. He pushes Steve's legs apart, resting one of Steve's legs on his own shoulder and pushing the other out wide, but otherwise he ignores Steve. "Do me a favour and give Steve that slideshow again, will you? And go ahead and play the voicemails while I'm busy here." He turns back to Steve. "Wouldn't want you to get too bored, right?"
He strokes Steve’s cock, eyes drinking in the desperate way Steve’s hips slam down, the way Steve fucks himself with two cocks, leaning forward and bracing his hands on Tony’s shoulders.
Except, he’s not alone. He hadn’t noticed before, but there’s a man sitting in a chair against the wall on the far side of the room. He’s wearing black leather pants and a leather chest harness, and he stands when the door closes so Tony can see his full height.
After a moment, Steve pulls his hips up with a hiss, and Tony’s softening cock and the dildo slip out of him. Tony can feel his own come dribble out of Steve and onto Tony’s balls, and it shouldn’t be as hot as it is. He moans a little as Steve whines at the emptiness, and can’t help but reach down and press two fingers into Steve’s slack hole, revelling in the way it twitches around him.
Tony grabs a few vials of working Pym particles and meets Steve outside the gates. He doesn’t say goodbye to his father, but he does leave a copy of the Hydra and Zola files on his and Peggy Carter’s desks on his way out.
"Smartass," Steve says – or, he tries to say. It comes out muffled around the lace panties, and sounds more like "
“God, Tony, god, fuck,” he swears, out of breath and slurred, and Tony doesn’t stop fucking him with the toy through it, watches greedily as Steve’s hole clenches and tightens around the silicone.
Tony’s not sleeping, not even a little, and he currently has about 32 new suits built. JARVIS can pilot them, he’s not
“You’re Tony,” the man says, stepping forward to hold out his hand. It takes Tony a moment to realize he’s meant to shake it. “I’m Steve.”
“Christmas dinner,” Steve says. “Turkey’ll need about 5 hours in the oven, it’s a big one and I like to do it slow, but you can help me with the sides.”
Steve whimpers, taking a deep breath in as his hole clenches around the dildo again. “I want you to do it. I want you to fuck me with the toy still…”
Of course, even though Steve takes the elevator, walks up the hallway, and storms into their bedroom with as much authority and righteousness as he can muster, he's stopped short by the sight that greets him when he gets to his and Tony's shared bedroom.
Steve leans forward and kisses him, and this time he lingers, sliding his mouth over Tony’s and licking softly at the seam of Tony’s lips. It sends a shiver of pleasure and want through Tony, and he sighs, leaning into the kiss and feeling his muscles relax, sinking into it.
He glances up, and the blonde is standing up and coming around the desk, hand held out to shake. “I’m Sharon,” she tells him, even as a door behind her opens and an unimposing man in a grey suit comes out. His hairline is receding, just a little, and he has a small smile on his face. He looks like the kind of man who knows everything. Sharon speaks again and catches Tony’s attention. “This is Coulson. Your appointment has been set based on your answers to the questionnaires, but if you have any questions about what to expect, you can ask him on the way up.”
But if Steve goes slow... If Tony can allow himself to trust this Dom, if Steve goes slow and lets Tony’s body adjust, it will be on just the right side of painful. The intensity, the stretch, the fullness will have Tony sinking deep into subspace. It doesn’t have to hurt. Steve doesn’t want to hurt him.
Steve thrills a little at the endearment, rolling onto his belly as instructed. That little bit of pressure on his dick feels good, and he spreads his legs.
Steve fiddles with the beer bottle, his thumbnail picking at the corner of the label. “So. It’s about… about the serum. And me. And what… well, it’s just some stuff you should know.”
They chat while Tony works. Steve is flipping through a library book (and Tony had complained, had explained e-readers, had informed Steve that JARVIS can access literally any book ever written – and not just the ones that have been published – but Steve says he likes the
He wraps his other hand, slick with massage oil, around Stark’s beautiful erection. Stark moans, and Steve takes that as encouragement to stroke up and down.
Once, years and years ago, there’d been a moment. They’d been in the Quinjet, and Tony had been piloting but everyone else had been napping in the back. Steve hadn’t been able to sleep, too keyed up from the fight, so he’d sat up front with Tony and they’d talked. He doesn’t remember what they’d talked about. But there’d been a moment, barely an instant, where they’d looked at each other, and Tony had smiled, and Steve had thought to himself, sudden and unbidden,
Steve reaches up with one hand, across Tony’s body and back, to loosen the cuffs so Tony can pull his hands free. He goes to roll over, and Steve stops him with a hand pressed to the dip of his spine.
Tony shakes his head, nerves getting the better of him. He rocks a little on his heels as Coulson opens the door, and the previously-muffled sounds filter through loudly, jarring in their suddenness.
“Okay, no, it’s fine, I just – I want to see your face? Last time, I couldn’t – I want to see your face this time.”
“Fuck, yes,” Stark moans, and that’s the encouragement Steve needs. He pushes his finger deeper, and Stark’s arms snap to grip under his knees and pull his legs wider and more open.
Tony is standing right where Steve left him, arms crossed as he watches. "Are you finished?" He manages to sound just slightly impatient, as though Steve had taken an inordinate amount of time to undress and get on the bed. It makes warmth curl in Steve's belly.
Steve moans again, breathless and wordless, and Tony can hardly believe the way the sound raises tingling gooseflesh along his skin.
It’s long and thick, made of flesh-coloured silicone. It’s bigger than Tony, bigger than Steve. But he has faith that Steve can take it. Steve moans at the sight of it, eyes flashing up to Tony’s.
so Steve takes full advantage of that and finds himself in Tony’s bed more evenings than not) before Tony starts to get… creative.
, so even though his cheeks are hot with humiliation at asking for it, he can’t stop the words from pouring out, as stilted and halting as they are.
“Yeah? Tony asks, but he pulls his hand away and his fingers out. Steve pushes up onto all fours, looks over his shoulder at Tony. Tony’s eyes are heavy lidded with desire, dark, and his lips are wet and pink. His cock is hard, and Steve’s own hangs heavy and full between his thighs.
Tony climbs up beside him, laying on his back on the bed. His hair is damp with sweat, his skin glowing, and Steve leans over him, kissing him, pulling Tony’s tongue into his mouth in an echo of their lovemaking.
Steve is nipping at Tony’s bottom lip, and they’re rutting against one another, and Tony thanks god and country for everything life has given him when he slides his hand down a little further, shoving down the back of Steve’s pants and letting his fingertip skim gently around the furled opening of Steve’s hole, and Steve whines and shoves his hips forward harder. The pressure makes Tony groan and squeeze Steve’s pec harder, and he smothers the urge to tell Steve what beautiful, glorious tits he has. Another time, maybe, when it’s not all so fresh and new and wonderful, he’ll figure out what filthy things he can say to Steve without causing the man to run away screaming in the night.
," Steve says, torn between jumping on the bed so he can jump Tony, and laughing at the absurdity of it all – that Tony had really spent the better part of his day sending Steve risque photos, text messages, and phone calls.
“You’re so fucking good, Jesus Christ, Steve, look at you, you beautiful, magnificent – fuck, I love you, I love you, I love you,” Tony chants, hitting Steve’s twitching, winking hole with the crop every time he says
“I’m sorry,” Steve says, sounding sad. “I’m sorry I scared you. Come on, let’s go sit down.” He pulls Tony off the table and half-carries him over to the bed, sitting down and pulling Tony into his lap, cuddling him close. He pets his hands over Tony’s back and shoulders, nuzzles his face into Tony’s hair.
Steve’s orgasm seems to last forever, then he takes a deep, shuddering breath and slows his wild movements.
Steve is half-asleep, then, when he feels Tony open the cuffs around Steve’s ankles. He pulls a blanket over them, nuzzling into Steve’s chest, his throat, and Steve knows they’re going to regret the sticky mess on his chest later, but he doesn’t care, and clearly neither does Tony.
And so they’d tried it this way, with Tony murmuring words of love and awe, grateful for Steve’s submission in every word, and it had made them both so hot that Tony’d had to jerk off and come all over Steve’s back, and Steve had come without a touch, just at the hot splashes of Tony’s release hitting his skin.
Steve lets out a creaky little moan around the belt between his teeth. “Miles and miles of beautiful, golden skin,” Tony sighs, moving the flogger to Steve’s thigh, grinning a little as Steve’s leg twitches, pulling just a little bit at the straps holding him in place.
“Tony,” he says, looking down into Tony’s face. His expression is so open and trusting, and Tony can see every emotion there. Want, desire, trust. Love, maybe. Tony tries to make his own expression just as open, just as honest.
He’s the only one who feels like a fish out of water, too. Clint and Bruce had both grown up poor, but Clint had been on enough undercover missions for SHIELD that he can adapt to anything. Bruce had spent years compelling rich people at fundraisers to donate to his research. Natasha can do anything and be anyone, and Thor is
. He moans and pushes the dildo in, in, in, then reluctantly pulls away from his own cock. It feels too good, and the view of watching Steve’s hole stretch around the large dildo is almost too much. Steve can – and will need to – come multiple times, but Tony’s only got one or two in him, and if he makes it to two, he’ll need time in between. He’s not as young as he used to be.
Tony hesitates for a moment, then leans forward and puts the small device and his screwdriver down on the coffee table in front of them. “Yeah, I can’t do much more tonight anyway, I need to pick up some more parts tomorrow.” Tony grins and wraps his hand around the back of Steve’s neck, pulls him into a kiss and starts to lean back, laying on his back on the couch and dragging Steve along with him. Steve happily follows, plunging his tongue into Tony’s mouth with a groan.
, here. He’s using some dom’s poor luck and station in life for his own gains – an indentured servant is more likely to keep their mouth shut, first of all. They can’t risk losing their contract and being shunted back out onto the streets.
And the sounds he’s making as Steve digs into his traps, into his glutes. It’s like liquid sex pooling in the centre of Steve’s body, begging him to partake.
He keeps fucking as he comes, relishing the cries of pleasure from Tony’s throat he as shivers and jerks beneath him, coming and coming and coming.
Tony’s in the workshop again. He’s not slept in a couple days, but at least he’s taking care of himself otherwise. He’s showered and eaten and he’s even been drinking things that aren’t coffee or bourbon. They’re just back from another wild goose chase for Loki’s scepter. They still don’t have any leads on the whereabouts of Loki himself, but Thor’s been keeping an ear to the ground.
,” Tony moans, shivering with aftershocks. “Fuck, that’s the best $200 I’ve ever fucking spent,” he gasps, panting.
Steve sighs, and goes back to what he was doing when Tony had come into the communal kitchen and found him with his hands covered in white gloop. He starts… massaging the turkey on the counter. He reaches his hand into a bowl beside the bird, scoops up more of the white gloop, and starts to rub it into the turkey’s pebbled skin. It’s intensely distracting.
“Why silver?” He asks the question even as he pulls it over his face, obscuring his features. He can see fine, and his mouth and nose are clear. He wonders if the mask has any hope of keeping his identity a secret, what with his fairly recognizable facial hair.
“Are you close?” Steve asks him, feeling hot and tingling and wonderful. “Tony, god, you – you feel amazing,”
But Mr. Stark’s moans are growing fevered, and every time Steve gets close to his lower back, or the top of his hamstrings, Mr. Stark’s legs move just a little further apart. He’s naked under the towel, Steve knows. Not all of his clients get entirely naked for their massages. He always makes sure to tell them to disrobe as much as ‘feels comfortable’, and most of them choose to keep their underwear on. But Mr. Stark’s naked under the towel.
After a minute, Tony pulls away, applies more slick and then he’s back, two fingers this time. Steve feels it stretch, and he’ll admit it’s been a long damn while since he’s had anything back there besides his own fingers, so it’s right and it takes him a minute to relax into it.
Tony blinks at him. “We only just barely hit first base yet and you’re already trying to tell me not to feel bad about my performance?”
“That’s good, sweetheart,” Steve says, and Tony can hear the smile in his voice. “Would you like a bath?”
“What’s with him?” Tony asks Clint later that night as they’re both in the communal kitchen putting together a midnight snack. Tony guesses he’s not the only one with sleep issues.
"All present and accounted for," Hill says, hands flashing and sliding over her tablet. "Shall we get started?"
Tony clears his throat. “I suppose you have, you know. Other clients,” he says, waving his hand vaguely at the centre of the room. He gets to his feet, feeling awkward and strangely sad.
all of his clients are overworked, tired and stressed. And most of them don’t have the time to commute to different massage therapy spas. He gets that.
“Probably for the best,” Steve tells him, leaving the lid on the nightstand and climbing back over onto his own side of the bed with the jar in hand. He holds it out for Tony with a grin, diving in for another quick kiss.
“And so have I,” Steve finishes. “Tony, last night wasn’t about me, I don’t know, feeling lonely, or anything. Last night was about… taking an opportunity that I missed the first time around.”
The room is full of high-ranking SHIELD personnel. Nick Fury and Maria Hill are there, and so are Phil Coulson, Natasha and Clint. There are a few more people around the conference table, but Steve doesn't think he's met them before. They must be from different satellite offices.
Another night, when they’re basking in the afterglow of particularly good sex, Steve is nuzzling at Tony’s chin.
They’re watching The Carol Burnett Show when it happens. Steve isn’t sure if he’s the one who’d started it or not. Tony is leaning against his side, stealing pieces of popcorn from Steve’s bowl (Steve is always hungry, and he not-so-secretly eats junk food when he’s stressed and, well, they’re still trapped in 1970 so he’s mildly stressed) while they watch. He laughs at all the right times, and Steve loves this show and doesn’t understand why no one added it to his notebook list back when he was playing catch-up on popular culture. He’s going to have to have words with somebody.
“Oh, good, Tony. I could use another pair of hands,” Steve says, opting to ignore Tony’s comment. “I didn’t exactly think this through.”
But Steve squats down into a crouch in front of him, then reaches up and brushes an impossibly gentle thumb across Tony’s damp cheek.
The man has big, broad shoulders and biceps, and he’s kneeling on the floor with his hands cuffed behind his back. He’s completely naked, and his skin is striped with red welts.
He pulls back from the kiss, panting a little himself, and looks into Steve’s glazed, lust-addled eyes. He’s so deep now, floating, but Tony wants to take him further, drag him down until he can’t remember his own name – only Tony’s, and that he belongs to Tony.
“Tony,” he moans, leaning back and arching, hands moving back to brace on Tony’s thighs as he rocks and grinds, using Tony’s cock and the dildo to stimulate his own prostate. It’s so hot, Tony wants to watch him do it forever.
Tony grins, steps forward a little, and pushes his cock down at the base, nudging the head of it at Steve’s lips.
Tony chuckles lightly, then walks on his knees around Steve to the side, and begins unlooping the red ropes around his legs and arms.
“Your intake forms say you have a difficult time going into subspace,” Steve says, somehow keeping his voice soothing and level as he works, digging fingers into the knots in Tony’s back, sliding along his skin and leaving heat in their wake.
“I want you to fuck me with both,” Steve groans, pushing back and arching a little so the dildo presses against his prostate. His cock jerks, and he comes, clenching and spurting, even as the words leave his lips. But Steve isn’t done, and he’d explicitly asked Tony to stretch him full and wide. Tony wants to feel that clenching, impossibly tight heat around him, and he wants to see Steve torn apart under his hands, and he wants to fill him and ruin him and watch him feel every inch of it.
But the cock ring isn’t nearly as wonderfully unpleasant as the plug vibrating away in his ass. Steve had delicately tucked the string of his thong panties over the plug, so Tony can feel the tickle vibrating across his perineum and balls. He moans, the sound coming hoarsely out of his wide-open mouth.
It’s gorgeous, watching him seek his own pleasure so wildly, so relentlessly, and Tony has to reach out and touch him. He reaches up with the hand not holding the dildo in place, and cups one of Steve’s pecs, fingers pinching the nipple almost cruelly. Steve cries out, thrusting down harder.
Steve haphazardly pulls his own pants up, fastening them quickly, and brushes a hand through Tony’s hair.
“Do you want my cock?” Tony asks, stilling and letting the girth of his fingers and the dildo stretch Steve wide. Steve’s hole twitches, clenching slightly, then relaxing so the muscle is soft and pliant. “If you want it, I’ll give it to you.”
“You still wear your ring,” Steve says, nodding toward Tony’s left hand where a simple gold band adorns his third finger.
It takes Tony six months to get close enough to Hank Pym to try to make small talk about the particle project – but Pym won’t share any details, and he definitely won’t let Dr. Potts work with him on it.
Tony rests the dildo over his pubic bone, the base of it resting against the base of his cock, and watches hungrily as Steve pours some lube into his own hand and wraps it around Tony and the toy, stroking up and down a few times to make everything more slippery. Then he scoots up, straddling Tony’s hips. He tilts his hips, reaches behind himself to guide Tony’s cock and the dildo inside himself.
It doesn’t get much bigger, not really. Tony knows it can’t be much more than a couple of millimeters bigger around, but it
to worry about it, so he ignores it, pushes it away, and lets himself float in the perfect, wonderful feeling of Tony curled into him, body relaxing and feeling so warm, heavy, perfect.
The private ones… well, you took what you could get. The people that went to work there were desperate, too, but they didn’t have the protections that were available in a government facility. Most of them are owned by criminal organizations, and Tony’s heard some of the horror stories of what happens to some of the subs that work there. Subs with nowhere else to go, and no one to miss them.
he’s going to come, hard and hot and sudden, but then Tony is pulling off him, pulling away, and Steve’s head surges up, trying to get back to that sweet, tight hole, trying to taste Tony again.
“Mmm,” Steve says, noncommittal. Tony muffles a laugh into Steve’s chest, then lightly scrapes his nails down Steve’s back. Steve yelps, gasping.
Tony doesn’t know why he’s done it. It’s not common knowledge that he’s a Sub – it would be nearly impossible to thrive in his business if it got out. It’s especially not common knowledge that he’s an…
Steve thinks about it. He would like to keep sucking Tony off, but he wants to be in the bed even more. Wants to have Tony over him, looking down at him with smouldering eyes.
A moment letter, slick fingers are running down the sensitive skin between Steve’s cheeks, dipping into the furl of his hole. Tony teases at him with one finger for a moment, sliding it around and applying the slick, and then he dips the tip of his finger inside.
“A little more,” he croaks, his voice sounding loud in the room. The smell of turkey and stuffing in the oven fills the air. “Mom always added extra nutmeg.”
The man’s eyes are beautiful. Blue and clear and bright, framed by dark, impossibly long eyelashes.  He either doesn’t have any visible augmentations, or he was hand-crafted piece by piece and
He watches Steve float for a moment, then tugs a little at Steve’s hair and stands, moving back to the toy chest. He zeroes in on the thing he wants. They have a crop that’s a bit of a hybrid to a cane. It isn’t as vicious as a cane, but it’s still stiffer and sharper than an ordinary riding crop, and the end doesn’t have a leather pad. If he were going to use a cane on Steve, he would have started there, and their evening would have been fast and brutal and wild. But that’s not where Steve needs to be tonight. Steve needs to be in that place where he has no cares, no worries, no thoughts beyond the sting of his skin and his submission to Tony.
Before Tony even knows what’s happening, reaching down and tugging roughly at Steve’s cock, and Steve cries out again, jerking and coming, spilling all over the floor beneath them. Tony’s whole body spasms as Steve clenches around him like a vice, and then Tony’s coming too, throbbing and spurting inside Steve, pulling out and spending the last of himself over Steve’s beautiful, red, abused ass.
A sudden sharp sensation in his nipples – it’s Tony, pinching and rolling them – makes him cry out, head snapping back and pushing his chin into Tony’s perineum. That makes Tony buck down, bend at the waist, and then his mouth is on Steve’s cock.
When Tony comes into the room, he’s not expecting to see Steve standing at the counter with his hands covered in thick, white glops of… something that makes him think dirty thoughts.
“Fuck,” Stark moans, and his hands come up to his chest, fingers moving to his nipples to role and pinch the little brown buds between his fingers. It’s gorgeous to watch.
“What?” he asks, blinking. He doesn’t move to pull the condom off, just steps back and flusters in Tony’s direction.
“The file has Zola, Hydra, even Barnes,” Tony answers. “All of it. Who knows, maybe it’ll save this timeline all the pain and horror of ours.”
“It’s like… nothing is ever enough,” Steve finally says, closing his eyes so he doesn’t have to meet Tony’s eyes. “I can’t get enough.”
“As I mentioned, we offer group scenarios, as well,” Coulson says quietly. “They can be hard to schedule when clients are intended to make up the group, but we do what we can.”
She’s standing directly in front of the man, letting him suck and nuzzle at the fake cock while she coos at him, sometimes reaching down to flick the cane over the purple, bruised flesh of his ass.
But he’s not disappointed, not humiliated and scorned. No, Tony presses his lips to Steve’s, and Steve kisses him back, hand sliding back into Tony’s hair from the side of his face, kissing and kissing and kissing.
“Yeah,” Tony moans, eyelashes fluttering. He pulls at the bonds around his wrists, and he feels there’s some give there. He probably could free himself if he tried hard enough, and that actually pushes him a little farther into subspace; knowing he could free himself, that he has to choose, every moment, to stay here and let Steve take his fill of Tony’s body.
“Good boy,” Steve tells him, petting a hand gently down his back. That praise, that mild condescension, brings Tony down two more steps.
But they’ve made up each time, and Steve’s got a drawer in Tony’s dresser, a toothbrush in his bathroom, and he spends most nights in the penthouse. They’ve managed to go on three chasing-our-tails missions with the Avengers to look for Loki or Loki’s scepter without fighting, without grappling for the top spot on the team. They’ve mostly gotten along, except for that one time Steve yelled at him after a mission for taking a stupid risk. But Tony had (very calmly) explained that he’s a genius, that JARVIS had done the math, that the risk was actually
So he’d done the research, asked Pepper to find him a referral service to start the process, and now he’s standing in front of a large wooden door, unsure how to decide whether he’s staying or going.
He puts the bowl of popcorn to the side, and reaches over and takes Tony’s face in his hand. Steve had liked his beard, but he likes the smooth skin there now. He tips Tony’s head back up to face him, and meets his eyes again.
Tony can understand why. Typically, pain play does nothing for him – it’s more of a turn off than anything else. It’s one of the many reasons he has so much trouble finding a dom. But there’s something about Clint’s posture, the way he’s looking at Natasha as though she holds all the mysteries of the universe, that he finds compelling. He has never in his entire life seen someone so deeply into subspace, and so perfectly content to be there.
Tony starts coming out of the workshop a little more. Clint joins Steve and Romanoff on a couple missions. Tony spills his guts to Bruce about the whole thing with the Mandarin and Killian, and how he’d been so worried about Pepper, and how he’d figured out a lot about himself, and his decision to remove the reactor.
“You could have called,” Tony points out, running his fingers gently through Steve’s hair. It’s getting long, but Steve doesn’t want to cut it until they’re ready to go back.
Steve kisses Tony’s face, wiping up the last traces of his own release with his tongue, and Tony moans, limbs heavy and immovable. So he doesn’t try to move or help– he just lays there and lets Steve move him, lets Steve wipe his chest and face clean with a damp cloth from somewhere, lets Steve pet his hair and press soothing kisses against Tony’s brow.
“Tony, can you – I want to – I want to open you up,” he says breathlessly, eyes struggling to focus on Tony’s smirking face. “With my – with my mouth. I want you to – I want you to
“This is Cage,” Coulson says, gesturing to the huge, imposing black man standing against the wall at the entrance. His arms are crossed over his chest, and his T-shirt is a glaringly bright yellow. “He’s security today. If you do anything to make any of our staff feel uncomfortable or unsafe, he will remove you from the premises.”
Still, his hand hesitates on the door. It’s made of dark wood, stained even darker, with a large black handle and hinges. The big windows at the front are mirrored, so he can’t see inside.
“Wow, what a terrible hardship that would be,” Tony deadpans, lips twitching. “Actually, we forgot about the vibrator, I was going to use that, too.”
It’s Steve’s turn to look dumbfounded. “You are a certified genius with multiple PhDs,” Steve says after a moment. “You are the smartest man I have ever met, by far.”
Tony works his way into SHIELD quickly. A few more forged pieces of paper and one particularly memorable phone call where Steve pretended to be a former employer later, and they couldn’t help but hire him. Steve gets work with a construction company, and he’s faster and able to lift more than any other guy on the crew, so he works his way up pretty fast.
“If you’re not in the mood, or if you don’t want to do anything, Tony, then neither do I. I don’t want you to just, I don’t know, let me… use you.”
Steve is shuddering, his whole body shaking with aftershock after aftershock. Tony drapes himself over Steve’s hot, swollen back as he tries to catch his breath and regain his bearings. After a minute, he pushes himself up to standing and reaches out, fingers clumsy, to unfasten the quick-releases of the straps holding Steve’s legs and arms down. Steve doesn’t move at first, even when he’s freed. He just lays there, limp, gasping for air.
The sub is on his back, legs pushed up to his chest. There’s a masked dom fucking roughly into him, and another fucking his throat, hand knotted in the sub’s long, dark hair. Several more masked doms — male and female — are watching, hands stroking or fingering themselves, sometimes reaching out to slap at the sub’s chest and belly and thighs. They’re obviously all waiting their own turns.
Steve’s come is cool on his cheek. It’s mostly dripped off, but Tony can still feel where it had hit his face, hot and wet and sticky. Tony feels another dribble of saliva slide over his bottom lip and down his chin, feels it hit the lace of his chemise and cool the skin of his chest almost instantly.
Tony kisses him back, still shivering a little, and then Steve pulls away and slides up, off Tony’s softening cock.
“Silver identifies you as a submissive. Black is for dominants, red is for switches, and gold is for spectators. Any other questions before we go in?”
"Don't get too excited there, Cap," Tony says, smile sharpening. "I said you'd earned a punishment, and I meant it."
Tony smiles down at him, and spreads his fingers out in the biggest loop, so Steve can see how big around it is. “This goes around your throat – it’s not tight, it won’t choke you. Do you have a problem with having something like this around your throat?”
And, like a switch has been thrown, Steve is asleep in moments, drifting warm and pleasant and easy until morning.
When Steve is completely free, he looks down at himself. His cock is still hard, but it feels separate, less urgent somehow. The ropes have left red marks in his skin – nothing that will bruise, just a flush from the pressure. Steve thinks it looks beautiful. Like art.
It takes Tony a moment to understand. Another? Still? But he’d come, he’s finished, that’s all for him, what could Steve mean?
It still makes the back of his neck twitch, knowing he’s going to walk into this building and pay for a dom who, for all intents and purposes, is a slave.
“Something I shoulda done a long time ago,” Steve admits, and he stands up, holds Tony against him and carries him to Steve’s bedroom, peppering kisses on Tony’s bare jaw and down his neck and over to his ear as he walks.
Tony expects the dom to fuck him, then, but Steve doesn’t move. He simply lies on Tony’s back and breathes against his ear. After a few minutes, Tony feels himself slide a little further down.
“Why are you here?” Tony asks him, then, blurting the words. He closes his eyes and shakes his head. “Sorry. That’s not fair. I shouldn’t…. I wouldn’t even be here if I could…. Well. You know. I’m not… the usual Sub.”
The first time Tony Stark had seen Steve Rogers’ ass, swaddled up in slightly-too-baggy blue uniform pants, he’d wanted to ruin it. Captain America’s pants, made of lightly armoured Kevlar-hybrid fabric, are thick, heavy, and loose enough to give Rogers the opportunity to move freely. And move freely, he does – as they’re fighting the Chitauri, he twirls and kicks and flips in the air, a study of grace and momentum and power.
And oh, he looks beautiful, draped over the supple red leather. His muscles are a little tense, with anticipation or trepidation or nerves. Steve had been jittery all day, like he couldn’t sit still, and Tony had decided, after Steve’s bouncing knee had jostled the workbench during a crucial weld, that enough was enough.
Tony hotwires a car and they go to New York and find a back-alley forger. They negotiate a couple of fake IDs, and a few degrees and certificates for Dr. Howard Potts.
"Mm, no, honey, you're just fine. I like you like this. All soft and wrecked." Tony twists his head so he can kiss Steve's mouth again, and Steve mostly stays slack and lets him. "You're perfect like this."
Steve obeys, and Tony moves more slowly to remove his own clothes, watching as Steve strips and poses for him, looking back over his shoulder at Tony almost coquettishly. Tony pulls a rolled towel from the stack on the nightstand, laying it out on the bed under Steve’s hips. Steve’s cock, long and thick and hard, weighs heavily under his abdomen, and Tony has the urge to stroke it. So he does. He folds his body over Steve’s, reaching between Steve’s legs to stroke at his dick and palm his balls, kissing his way down Steve’s arched spine.
They stay that way for a long time, Tony working his cock into Steve’s body, spreading Steve’s hole wide around himself. Steve feels so good, he’s loving having Tony inside him, but he wants to move, wants to take Tony in deeper, wants to see Tony’s face consumed with pleasure.
Steve’s throat is dry and he can hear it clicking when he tries to swallow. He’s hard as a rock in his scrub pants, and Mr. Stark’s skin is like fire under his palms.
“Hey, hey, hey,” Tony says, sitting up and face falling. He puts his hands up placatingly. “Sorry, I just thought you’d –”
Steve moves down the table, picks up Tony’s right foot and begins massaging it, thumbs pressing into the muscles at the sole. Tony lets out a choked noise, but Steve doesn’t stop, working his way to the ankle, up Tony’s calf, then his hamstring. His fingers are sure, warm, digging into muscles until they start to relax under his hands.
The meeting takes another few hours. Of course, Tony doesn't wait that long to be a pain in Steve's ass. About 20 minutes after he'd turned his phone off, Clint gets a text message. He opens it up and smirks, turning the screen to show it to Steve.
!" Tony remembers, tapping away at his phone. The projected photos on the ceiling disappear, and then Tony's voice comes out of the speakers around the room.
Tony ignores the comment, running his hand down Steve’s hip and changing the subject. “Feel good? Think that’s enough for tonight?”
The door whooshes closed behind Steve, and Tony stares after him long enough to burn his finger on the soldering iron. He drops it with a curse, putting the injured finger in his mouth to soothe the sting.
“You’re so fucking amazing,” Tony moans, sliding back off Steve’s body. Steve gasps in pain – and pleasure – as Tony drags across his raw skin. “God, I love you.”
“It was fine. It was totally –” Tony shoves the boxes of tacos at Steve’s chest, and Steve drops his partially-eaten one back in the box so he can grab the boxes before they fall onto the sidewalk. Tony backs away, looking stricken. “Tony, stop,” Steve says, and he drops all the tacos and grabs Tony by the arms before he can turn and run, because Steve can see it in his eyes, the flight response that means he’s about to take off like a scared deer. But Steve had felt a moment, has had a realization about the clarity with which Tony can read the expressions on his face, and there’s no way he’s letting Tony run without a fight. He’s not going to let Tony run off to Japan or Germany or wherever for weeks of ‘meetings’ and then come back and act like nothing’s happened. Not this time.
The tesseract is in a briefcase under the floorboards in Steve’s bedroom. There had been suspicion, at first, about two strange men who had been seen at SHIELD one day around the time it had gone missing, but no one sees Steve’s face again and Howard Potts escapes suspicion because, well, he’s still around, working hard with Howard Stark. They’d entertained the idea of putting it back until they can get working Pym particles, but they can’t risk SHIELD moving it before they’re ready to go back to 2023.
“That’s good, honey,” Tony whispers against Steve’s lips, grinding his hips and nipping at Steve’s ear, but he doesn’t get hard.
“What is this to you?” he asks, eyes flicking up to meet Tony’s, to gauge his reaction. “This thing between us?”
There’s tight heat, silken smoothness, the view of Tony losing control above him, and then Tony moves his hands, up toward Steve’s, and wraps his hands around Steve’s wrists, where he’s cuffed to his own neck, holding and touching him and it’s all too much, Steve can’t take it anymore, and he cries out, his balls drawing tight, his whole body tensing as his head floats high and far away, and then he’s coming, pumping hard and fast into the condom, keening as Tony ripples around him, clenching tight and releasing, milking his cock. The orgasm seems to last for ages, and Tony keeps riding, hands solid and hard on Steve’s pecs. Tony pumps him until there’s nothing left, until every slick tight slide is almost too much, until he’s over sensitive and whining with the pleasure of it, and then Tony pulls off, moaning at the loss of Steve’s cock. Steve moans, too, as his softening cock flops down onto his belly, and Tony shifts forward, just a few inches, one hand buried in Steve’s hair and the other jerking himself off, hard and tight and fast, hips thrusting up into his fist as he pumps and strokes. He gasps out meaningless words of praise as he does it, and then cries out, one loud wail, coming all over Steve’s chest, his throat, hitting his chin.
It’s not large, but with only the rimming, he doesn’t feel prepared past his rim, and he feels a fullness that brings him down a few more steps into subspace.
“Steve,” Tony says, half acknowledgement and half pleading. He doesn’t know what he’s begging for – to stave off his impending orgasm? For Steve to be this open and hot and slick for him all the time? For time to stop so he can feel this way forever?
to be dominated, but he can’t find some random dom on the street to give him that, to soothe the turmoil in his head.
“Good,” Tony says with a smile, leaning forward to press a pecking kiss to Steve’s mouth. “It was really good for me, too.”
Bruce falls asleep, the bastard, but at least Tony still feels like he got it all off his chest. He even sleeps half that night.
“What’s that?” Steve asks him, shifting a little closer and putting his arm around Tony’s back. Tony glances up at him like he’s surprised by the contact – he must have been deep in thought.
“Yep,” Tony says, using his thumb to wipe a little bit of special sauce off his lower lip. Steve watches his hand.
Steve suddenly jumps back, hands in the air like he’s been caught doing something illegal, eyes dilated and cheeks flushed and panting for breath.
Stark jolts, the sound he makes deep and musical, and Steve can’t help but do it again. He pulls his finger out, pulls his hand back to the pump bottle of massage oil on his belt. He pumps it once to add more of the slick oil to his palm, then goes straight back to Stark’s hole, rubbing it over the furled skin and then pushing two fingers in, going deep and relishing the blissful sound from Stark on the table under him.
Now that he knows Tony isn’t with Pepper anymore – and how had they missed that? Had they really not talked to Tony in that long? Did Rhodey know? – he can’t stop thinking about it.
“We often get inexperienced clients,” Coulson explains. “Doms and subs who know they need something, but they don’t know what, or how to ask for it. We’ve found that if they’re able to see some of the services on offer, some of the scenes in action, it can help them decide what they want, or what they’d like to try.”
Steve’s chin is resting on a slightly lower padded section, so his neck is straight. Tony had enveloped his throat in the dark red collar they had picked out together, and it matches the straps holding him down perfectly. There’s no straining or pulling anywhere in his body, no chance of an injury that Tony doesn’t fully intend. If Steve weren’t so totally pent up and agitated, he would be able to completely relax in this position.
“I don’t…” Tony shakes his head a little. Technically, he does have a safe word, he supposes. “Red. My safeword is red.”
“Yeah,” Tony croaks, letting his other knee, the one not draped over Steve’s huge bicep, fall open slightly more. “Yeah, I want…”
“What’s with who?” Clint asks around a mouthful of peanut butter and banana sandwich. Tony tries not to look at it as he pours freeze-dried blueberries into a yogurt cup.
“Look at you,” Steve sighs, and this time Tony can tell he’s talking to himself, that the comment isn’t really meant for Tony at all. Steve angles the dildo down and pulls it out, thrusting it back in slowly, repeating the motion over and over as the cool, smooth surface of it drags over Tony’s prostate.
He closes his eyes for a moment and drags his mind back out of the gutter, internally reprimanding himself. There’s nothing
When Steve wakes up, Tony is already awake. It’s Sunday, so neither of them are expected anywhere, but Tony is sitting on the edge of Steve’s bed, turned just enough so he can see Steve’s face.
“It’s a little Italian place,” he’s saying, while Tony half-listens. “Nat said it’s real nice. Good food. Not, I guess, not as fancy as you’re used to, but she said it would be nice anyway.”
