We stare at each other for a moment. He slapped me. He knew what I was doing to myself inside my head and solved it in his very own fashion. Is it any wonder that I love this man?
At first it felt like Sherlock was trying to move backwards, away from the kiss, but then John felt him relax, leaning forward instead, and then he opened his mouth and kissed back.
Sorry again for being late once more. Real life and stuff, you know? Thanks for your patience. :-)
This one is easy now. Because being himself is not what he wants. Because being himself scares him. Because he still believes Mary's lies.
"Hello, son" he says and walks out of hearing range.
The detective's face fell when their eyes met. He could surely see the anger boiling inside of John. “So it was her,” John stated, not leaving room for excuses or lies.
“You are not a fast learner, are you?” she says to me, truly angry now. “Look at how you force me to hurt John.” Does she really believe this in her own twisted logic? Apparently. That makes her more dangerous than I thought, because that way she can treat John badly without even feeling guilty.
John swallowed. What should he say to that? He had no idea, so he patted his friends arm and looked around the room just to avoid Sherlock's questioning glance. Then he had an idea.
When I have finally lost all track of time, two medics come and bring us to an ambulance. I follow them without looking back at the wreck that had once been a plane.
“Our luck that he was very eager to tell us disbelievers what he really thought of us before blasting us to death.” Only 13, what a waste of life. “He got so carried away with his little speech that he let go of the activator and raised his hands to heaven.” So convinced he was doing the right thing. “I wasn't the only one to realise, but the first one to shoot. Clean shot right into his head.”
Waking up John felt as if he had been hit by a bus. He looked at the clock. It was nearly two pm. He had slept for almost five hours. Too long for a refreshing nap, far too little to make up for the loss of sleep during the last two weeks. His brain felt fuzzy. There was a vague memory of Mary stating that they had run out of coffee. Had she bought a new packet before...?
Then he softly told her about the roof and the so-called note and how he had been completely unable to stop him and how he should have been able to stop him and how he does not know just how much time had passed since then and how he does not know how to carry on now. And then she was holding him, talking to him, while he nearly drifted away to a state of semi-sleep, just lying in her arms for a while, just drifting.
Something happened while I was sleeping. Something I did not deduce in advance. When I went to bed, there had been a handful of presents for Emmi. Now there are several new parcels, for John and my parents and me.
“Please go on,” he said instead, hoping the others would not hear the quiver in his voice.
Realisation slowly sinks into my brain. I cannot stop him. For a while, I watch him continue packing. I should do something, say something but my brain is strangely empty.
“Of course.” He gave Sherlock another honest smile that was not appreciated at all, and left.
"Baby steps" Daddy tells me gently every time I achieve something that would not be worth mentioning if I were all right.
And no matter where I go, I can always hear the noises I tried to ignore all day. They grow louder and louder in every room I enter. In the last room I enter, I am afraid of losing my hearing, so loud is the buzzing. There is a gun placed on a cushion. (John's gun.) I know that all I have to do to end the (irritating maddening resounding) noise is to fire the gun.
At some point during my ordeal I heard him sneaking down the stairs, stopping at the bottom. He stood there for a long time, most likely watching me. I pretended to be asleep. Why, I no longer remember. Then he sneaked upstairs again.
Sherlock spends two days trying to convince himself that he needs John for selfish reasons. He needs him for support, for company, for recognising right and wrong. In the end he has to admit that his unfulfilled real love has made him strangely selfless.
When he leaves, he glances at the stupidly boring wallpaper one last time.
Sherlock's first attempt to restore his reputation on a press conference goes terribly wrong. John watches on TV how the press lunges at the Reichenbach hero slash faked genius with the only intention of creating another scandal.
In my cell, rules were read to me. (No contact with other prisoners. One visitor every two days. Daily solitary shower under supervision. Access to the library for good conduct. Thirty minutes solitary workout under supervision.)
“Redbeard?” John asked, and Sherlock flushed. It made him look nearly irresistible.
“I never did that before,” Sherlock felt the need to confess afterwards. They were lying on the carpet in front of the fireplace, side by side, still completely naked. John's head resting on Sherlock's chest, their legs tangled. John's hair tickling Sherlock's cheek.
“Only to take a close look at my arse,” I joke.
“Christmas is cancelled until further notice” he writes back, hating how often he remembers last Christmas, with that absurd jumper and the terribly annoying good mood. Hating how he is already thinking about the fact that he will spend New Year's Eve alone, too. As if that would matter.
* * *
When Mycroft has changed Emmi's nappies and Daddy has finished making fun of it, the two of us sneak outside, absolutely not to smoke secretly. (John will smell it, but I will shamelessly say that it was just my brother smoking, not me, and John will pretend to believe me. That's the way we do it every time my parents invite us.)
And then, to my surprise, it turns out that it is not too early for a first Christmas miracle.
After some agonizing seconds he lets go again, and now my hips find some space and I am fucking his hand (frantically). My genius lover picks up the rhythm my hips are seeking, and after only a few steady strokes there is relief pulsing through my body. (Goes on and on and on.)
John did not need them, not for now. He continued sitting by Sherlock's bed until late at night, watching his friend sleep for a long time before reluctantly returning to his empty home.
There are no vaults.
Sherlock sulks for an appropriate amount of time and then drags them both to the piano bar where be hopes to find members of a Polish smuggler gang. Then everything goes wrong and John nearly gets shot. Oh, he tends to be on the receiving end of threats to get shot, nothing new there. But this time it is close. There are no threats, no demands, just a scared juvenile gang member who aims at the head and shoots almost instantly.
The music is hammering on and it leaves me in some kind of trance-like state of mind. John's hands start working up and down my spine, having somehow sneaked underneath my shirt. They leave goose flesh even though it is hot in here.
He is sound asleep before I can tell him that he means the world to me. But it is quite all right. I have the rest of our life to tell him.
Re: How to handle John H. Watson
When I fail to come up with something intelligent, he asks, “When was the backyard destroyed?”
“God, you shouldn't need to be sorry, Sherlock. She pushed you so far .. I am not being fair.”
Sometimes something strikes Sherlock's mind in the middle of a discussion, and his eyes go blank, no longer aware of the fact that John is still sitting next to him. In the beginning of their flat-sharing, John has felt awkwardly left out and, admittedly, a bit hurt.
John’s musings were cut short when a door opened behind his back. He was already able to tell it was Moran simply by listening to the way he walked. Still, he made his back stiffen with anticipation. For a while, Moran said nothing, just went across the room several times, probably carrying something. “Hello?” John said with a certain uncertainty in his voice, signalling “I don’t have any idea who is doing what behind my back”. It seemed to work, for the steps came to an abrupt stop.
"Alright I'll get some candles and you guys can just grab some blankets and sleep here if you want." John offers making his way to the small kitchen to search through the drawers for a candle and lighter.
"Sherlock?" John asked nervously looking to Sherlock confused. He didn't understand what was happening he had only just woke up the other day and now he had a glowing thing in his arm. The only thing he knew was Sherlock, everything else didn't make sense.
The beacon with Sherlocks location blinking in response to the tracker's proximity as well as a piece of parchment beside it. It read in delicate scrawl; ‘Tick tock goes the clock, Begins Johnny’s shock, The clock hits tens, And then it all ends. How long can he run, Away from the fun, Until he’s screaming in pain, Then dies in vain.’
With a resigned sigh Greg scrubbed his hands over his face and walked back to the scene. He needed every person he could get on this case.
It seems Johns -what seemed to be- fondness for the skull had come with him even in his change to a child, seeking comfort in it.
“Who cares about Mycroft. I don’t know why you defend him.”
"Torch?" Greg asked in a whisper turning to the two boys still waiting outside. John steps inside -followed by Sherlock-  having brought a small pocket sized torch in case.
It would be the biggest decision of his life.
“So detective then?” His father asked halfway there.
“There are.. well- bad guys and I need to protect you. So-“ Sherlock attempted to explain trying not to falter with John's expression becoming more and more upset. “So, you’ll have to go stay with Mycroft for a while.”
“I’m not sure.. just picked one.”
The morning brought Sherlock cravings and the feeling of being uncomfortable in his own skin. It made him want to tear his hair out and smoke a cigarette. Nicotine patches ought to do it.
She was a kind woman and John had found himself leaning into her motherly nature easily. She was someone Sherlock trusted entirely and that overflowed easily into John’s subconscious. Clinging to every piece of Sherlock he could find left in the world.
"Of course, brothers always watching." He replied bitterly, silently cursing his brother he moved to the door before stopping to look back at the other boy. Mrs Carson was propping him up on pillows and messaging his neck, prattling along about nonsense but the boy was still looking at him with his glassy eyes. It was still unnerving and chilling as he seemed to be staring right threw him. That's when he realised he was actually trying to stare threw him, at the window in his own room, when he was pointing at the wall with his toe he was pointing at the picture of the sky on his wall. That made much more sense. He quickly moved across the hall to his own room to open the blinds for his window, then looked back over at the boy whose answering smile could light a room. Admittedly it was small and tired but extremely happy nonetheless. He sat on his bed and looked out as well.
"Hoping is all I'll be doing for awhile it seems. You'll keep an eye on them?"
John sat with a small smile he could picture Sherlock all frustrated not being able to do something so simple. It must have driven him up the wall. And he did it for John. How he didn't notice John has no idea. Though in Sherlock's words he was an idiot.
He is brought to Mycroft's home, ushered into an absurdly old-fashioned dining room, and someone takes away his rustling raincoat. Mycroft looks far from being relaxed, and less righteous than ever before. John would be concerned if he still felt deeply about things. Instead, he meanders along once more, sits down and waits patiently, only mildly interested in what might happen.
Sherlock looks at him in amazement, taken by surprise. “Apparently not,” he answers calmly, staring at John with these intense eagle-eyed glance, “I didn't start an erotic relationship with you yet, did I?”
After escaping my inner Moriarty, I remember opening my eyes on the operation table, and after that, blissful darkness. No mind palace, just sleep. When I wake up again, I feel that one of my hands is significantly warmer than the other. Opening my eyes does not deliver information, everything is blurry.
I cannot wrap my mind around it but I do not want to deal with it right now, anyway. What I need to focus on now is that John is fine. John. It's always him. So I told him at his wedding but he did not understand what I meant.
“Well, that takes us to one of the things we need to discuss,” Dr Davies told him, sounding very professional and not the slightest bit pitiful. “You have lost 24 pounds of muscle mass during coma, which is a pretty normal amount.”
Later, they found softer ways to make love, more gentle ways to last for hours, but that first time had been perfect just the way it was.
Sirens coming closer, darkness getting darker. Suddenly there is pain in his belly, burning his breathe away. It is vital now not to let go of John's arm. The look in John's eyes hurts more than the wound Sherlock still cannot remember receiving.
“Holloway Prison has the best maternity ward,” Mycroft explains calmly, “and it is nearby. They are already expecting us.”
Sometimes Sherlock does puppy-dog eyes on John without him realising it. For some reason that Sherlock cannot deduce it works better when he is wearing his purple shirt.
it feels like all muscles in my body cramp at once I am vaguely aware that I am falling to the ground as pain rushes through my body but I will not scream I will not scream I will not -
He made it out of the way too familiar wing of the hospital and halfway off the premise of the hospital before an unexpected wave of mixed emotions hit him. It was tiredness, mostly, accompanied by uncertainty and … yes, loneliness.
(slightly stiffer than usual but trying to hide it, shouldn't sleep on a sofa for four hours, no dark circles under his eyes slept better than I expected can't be too upset about what I did, was serious  about it yesterday, but is still here)
I wish I could say that John feels the same but there is still grim determination on his face. As for why, I don't know. All I know is that I no longer have the strength to pretend to be hopeful. I hope he can forgive me.
And he sees how broken I am. He sees that I no longer play the violin because I cannot bring myself to stop considering music as communication. He sees how I flinch when his mobile rings because people no longer call me, knowing I won't be able to answer. He sees how I try not to look at him longingly when I miss being close to him. He sees all that and it hurts both of us that he does.
What he does not know is that his comment hits home.
So much pain. More than enough for one lifetime. The only consolation right now is the fact that there will be no more pain soon. Maybe one more time but then there will finally be oblivion. Because there is only one thing left Mary could do to us that would be worse than killing Emmi. And that is killing one of us. Me, that is.
He hesitates for what feels like hours, apparently contemplating hugging and kissing and loving himself, but bravely plays along in the end. Shakes my hand, looks me straight in the eye, cannot bring himself to say something. When my heart is utterly completely broken by the look in his eyes, I turn around and enter the plane without looking back again.
Brilliant idea. John more or less manhandles me until I am standing, my legs trembling. No idea how he manages it, but after a while we make it upstairs.
“John, look at me,” Sherlock pleads. He needs to blink away a tear. John's body sinks deeper into his arm. His eyes stare at Sherlock's chest, his breath is barely audible. He blinks, his face now a mixture of confusion and resignation.
John is the first to break the staring. He sighs. “God,” he says then, “I have slept for days, Sherlock. There is no way I can face your bloody determination without at least one cup of coffee.”
But six days? No way. After a two day blackout the pain in his throat would be a lot better. John bit his upper lip, hoping to appear thoughtful, but really checking his beard stubbles. No, not six days. Three at most, rather only two.
They had decided to continue using their journalist identities, but Sherlock had also made clear that some prejudices concerning the Italian police were not really prejudices and that Mycroft's involvement gave them unlimited access to the crime scene. Sherlock was already circling the house before the local police officer had a chance to greet John.
But again, Moran was not waiting for him to recover. “But it wasn't only a matter of trust, was it?” he whispered into John's ear, softly wiping the sweat from his face. “He was also completely devastating you without even noticing.” Oh. John felt part of his confidence sweeping back. No matter what Moran would have up his sleeves, he knew for sure that Sherlock was not “devastating” him.
Apparently, John felt as awkward as Sherlock. “Yes, uhm, thanks,” he stammered. “I really should go home and apologise or something.”
Then we are both naked. I cannot help but stare at John's body for a second. He is fit again, lean but strong, and apparently very willing to proceed. And he is staring at me the same way I am staring at him.
“Your wife said her name is Evelyn,” the midwife says after some time, and John's face hardens instantly.
Then the plane dips. It feels like a roller coaster going over the highest point, and suddenly we are going down so fast that I am pressed into my seat. So this is the end. Should I not be afraid by now?
John walks home through the rain, but still feels tense when reaching home. He is slightly resentful, and knows that he has good reason to feel that way. Why does he not feel it as deeply as he should? There is a knot in his stomach that has not been there before. Why does he not feel happy instead?
Spending time there is like torture, and Sherlock repeats the experience four times because he has the strange feeling that whatever is wrong with them is his fault. He feels like he deserves the torment, but is still not sure why.
(No, Pottery Neolithic A.)
(Try again.)
But when I try it again, when I softly (oh so softly) caress his face, he only sighs in his sleep. Is that progress? I don't know. But I continue to stroke his body (chastely) and he continues to relax. (I'm still not sure if it is progress but it gives me new hope.)
Or the next.
“He loves me,” I blurt out, not really understanding why I feel the need to defend our relationship.
- loves his wife
I put her down, mumble something and run away.
From that day on, John always makes sure that among the obscure equipment Sherlock carries in his coat pockets (screwdrivers, a pen, chalk, sometimes John's gun) there is always a packet of glucose tablets, too. Sherlock stubbornly takes it out whenever he finds it. John stubbornly puts it back in whenever Sherlock pays no attention.
Sherlock writes music for John. Of course he never tells him. It is a lovely tune and quite long. It is just like John: positive and playful. It is not the kind of music you play to chase your best friend's nightmares away after 4 a.m. For that you need Tchaikovsky or Mozart. It is the kind of music you play when John is busy in the kitchen or writing his blog.
He never broke that promise, not even in the week of the dying Jesus.
Now that the Moriarty Enigma has become less enigmatic, investigations proceed well. At least inside my head. Am not a team player, so I ignore everybody and consider our options of how to go on from here. When I am finished with determining new markers and made the necessary changes on my evidence wall, I am alone in the flat. Not an extraordinary incident, but the thought of John leaving without my noticing bothers me.
I nod, carefully, and he reaches for something out of my visual field. “The doctors want to remove the tube today. I have just rang for a nurse to tell her you are ready.” I look at him and try to communicate with my glance only. How do you say “I am so glad you are here” with just your eyes?
She and Sherlock regarded each other for a moment, then Sherlock broke eye contact. “Unfortunately so,” he whispered.
He was surprised at how much it hurt to see the twenty-year old young man throwing away talent and spirit for the short-term relief drugs seemed to offer him, nearly throwing away his life more often than they both dared to admit afterwards. He was surprised at how bitter it felt when they both had realised what a threat Sherlock´s friendship might be for the poor doctor, once Moriarty was given the chance to detect how deep this fondness really went.
Sherlock Holmes stood by the window of just another hotel room
“My, my,” he says, “am I really gone for a year now? Time flies when you are dead!”
But as things stubbornly continue being a tiny bit more perfect than before I decide to buy presents for all of them. Emmi will get a new book (because she loves making me read books to her and I will positively go crazy if I have to go over “The Hungry Caterpillar” one more time). For Mummy and Daddy I organise a Silvester trip to Hamburg on New Year's Eve, the town where they first met as teenagers under the most unbelievable circumstances.
“And then you will ruin it, and John will take the baby and they will both leave you.” Definitely pain now. I can't help but cry out, (imaginary) sweat on my (imaginary) face. The pain increases, stretches all over my body now. Can't breathe, can't move. (Panic.) The last thing I see is her smiling face right in front of me. Then everything turns bright, too bright, and I close my eyes -
My unknown life saviour is still holding my arm, speaking at me in a high pitched voice. I try to free myself politely, try to thank her without words and soon the endless stream of pedestrians part us and she is gone. I continue my walk for a long time. There is a turmoil inside of me but I cannot put my finger on what it is that I am feeling. Thankfully, my brain moves back into non-thought state.
They work together harmoniously – well, Sherlock works, John follows and praises, but that is really done harmoniously – and for the first time in years John updates his blog. He thinks about  tweeting the case as well, but Sherlock starts eyeing the hashtags John considers with scepticism, and soon they bicker over them so extendedly that John does not get topmost a tweet anyway.
(Was it possible? Only with help of Mycroft, has John been that worried surely he wouldn't. But it was sent from John's mobile, all possible scenarios that include someone else using John's mobile spelt disaster, please not please not but has it been John's voice? Let's listen to it again in my head and...oh.)
He clicks the link and instantly feels his callous façade crumble to dust. Kensington garden, John and that Mary Morstan woman again. Her arm is placed around his waist. They walk down the alley, she pulls him closer again each time he starts to drift away. Cunt.
Without wanting to, I remember the worst night of my life. Try to force the memory away, and fail. The feeling has been very similar. First, the illusion of a happy ending, then the mental drowning. The pillow had been too hard that night, the sofa curved in the wrong places. The scent of Claire de la lune in my nose even though she had been dead for months. Impossible for it to still linger in their flat but my nose had been convinced of smelling it.
The ferry lands (finally) and (a few) people come off. John is the last of them. (Walks painfully slow. Exhausted. Hesitant. Not all right.) He spots me (but his pace does not increase). I feel the need to run towards him in every single muscle of my body but I refrain from doing so. (Do not want to overwhelm him.)
I try to dial the Stamford's number but my hand is shaking so hard that I miss the numbers again and again. So instead, I sink back onto the bed and just stare at the display. Somehow, I long for the good old times when I was sure nobody would give a damn about me.
Which was stupid, really. What John really needed to do was talk to Mary to find out why he was that sad. But that wouldn't happen, right? They didn't talk like that. They just … went on.
Romford. That's were Harry lives now. I see John tensing. Mary ruffles his hair, her back turned towards me (so I can't read her).
They fell silent again, completely content with feeling each other. Sherlock let his hand trail up and down John's arm, felt the little hairs, the softness of his skin. He had had fantasies about touching John like that, but he would have never thought that he would be allowed to actually do it in real life. And to think he could do it again, whenever he ...
But Sherlock is not exactly emphatic and the very thought that John likes him seems to need weeks to develop in Sherlock's mind. Sometimes, when the moments with Sherlock are most enjoyable, John tells him. He mentions the giggles, the wordless understanding, the domestic bliss.
(He went to the site of the crash again after working in some kind of hall, judging from the pattern of mud on his trousers. He dresses expensive, looking as neat as possible without being obviously overdressed while loping through mud and debris. It always takes him several minutes to make his dull light-brown hair look uncombed.)
The view of the beach is fantastic. When I close my eyes I hear sea gulls screaming, the waves hitting the shore, some people laughing in the distance. Underneath my feet there is warm sand. The air is warm, a low wind (it is always windy here) caressing my face. I realise that I have calmed down for what seems to be the first time in weeks. It feels so strange that I need a moment to understand what exactly I am feeling.
www.wikipedia.com
Instead he focuses fully on John. “Help is on its way,” he tells him.
I cannot go back. Not now. Terrible things will happen to my parents and I cannot come back to watch it happen. Better come home when they are ... No. Better go home now and wait for them to ... No.
The cab took its time to reach Baker Street, the traffic being rather heavy (what time was it, anyway?), and John kept thinking about eyes and blood and curls. Not the peaceful, easy version from the morgue, the cruel one from the pavement. Again and again, it went around inside his head. When he realized that this image no longer hurt him that much because he had gone numb inside, he thought about the note. About Sherlock crying, about himself, obviously unable to stop the inevitable. About an outstretched hand from the roof. Sherlock crying.
I know that I was supposed to be soothed by her regular breath and her baby smell and the cooing sounds but I got distracted by something stirring inside my chest. It took me a while to realise what it was but once I identified the feeling, it started to grow.
Sherlock's face turned into an even deeper shade of red.
I cannot help but give him a little half-grin. He only mentions it now because he can feel my tension. Talking about Rosie, no, anything that has to do with Rosie, usually makes me relax.
Instead, with his mind still overwhelmed from kissing and his heart still overwhelmed from loving, he says the only wrong thing there is, “I'm getting married in June. We bought the rings last week.”
When she is already standing on the doorstep, she turns around and says airily, “Oh, as I am not in the mood for games with you boys today, I promised Big Boy that he could finally have some fun with Sherlock!”
He never considers the possibility that John will take him back afterwards. John is practical and down-to-earth. He will understand why Sherlock will have been forced to leave. But he is also proud. He will understand, but not forgive.
Mary, on the other hand, is in a remarkably good mood.
(expression clearly painful now, fingernails still hurting, don't flinch)
Then, of course, his mind leapt down this new road, sorting out quite a few little details he had apparently missed during the past nine months, especially during the two times he had been alone with John at the Diogenes Club, making several decisions, and he had already sent four texts to some of his subordinates, when he remarked: “John, you really have been forced through so much pain, and you are fighting so hard to handle your, um, mourning. Everybody in your proximity will surely understand that you need a few days off to...clear your mind. The hospital has already been informed that you have spontaneously left the country for a little...rest period abroad. Don't bother with packing, you will be provided with everything you'll need. My car has already left to bring you to the airport.”
John enjoys the evenings at my parents just as he enjoys the walks in the park with the push chair, the tea we sometimes have at Yasmin's laundrette or feeding the early morning bottle when the rest of London is soundly asleep. He is not sure if it was Emilia or me who melted his heart and turned him into a family man, but I am sure that it was brilliant team work by both of us.
“What is it?” John asks again. “Vivaldi,” Sherlock lies.
He was led to a table set for two and placed on the chair facing the wall.
I shake my head, unable to speak. Try to breathe evenly. Fail.
Maybe my perception of Christmas time is too negative. After all, two weeks ago I never would have thought I got to spend much time with John at all. Now he does not only join the family for breakfast, he also dares to be alone with Emmi for a while, and joins me when I sneak out while she holds her evening nap.
“Can you also say “No” with your heels?” he goes on and I can hear a little smile in his voice. Against my will, I have to giggle a bit. And stomp my heels two times. John giggles in return and my heart feels about three pounds lighter.
Why do they mention a third class actor first? Impertinence. But then, I no longer have to worry about calling people. (Detective duo. John will love that.)
I have to open my eyes for a second, concentrate on not panicking. I am sure he sees it, for he starts talking to me instantly. “God, you are so beautiful,” he murmurs, and goes on babbling so I can focus on his voice.
It takes me hours (or seconds, no idea) to look away and get up. Where am I? I know I noticed her again when we boarded the plane, but was she sitting in front or behind us? (There is a logical flaw in my thoughts, I know it but I cannot put my finger on it.)
He has left the room even before his little speech is over. It feels like his exit should have some kind of sound effect like a low swoosh. I have to blink.
John knows that he is living under constant observation.
When she sees one that belongs to Magnussen's empire, she shudders accidentally. Our eyes lock, and she knows she has given away more than she wanted.
When I wake up, my legs are feeling sore and my pillow is wet. I am so exhausted that I can barely raise my head. But I have to. Because there is someone present, standing next to my bed. When I manage to open my eyes, I see John.
After another two days I have figured out that the dead from 1953 is the British passenger Tom Parson, of the German ocean-liner “New York”. (Went to Hamburg to visit a friend and was on his way back to England. Left behind a fiancé and three siblings. Today, many of their off-springs are living near Edinburgh.)
It got him a more than curious look from John. “Yes,” he answered. “He's some kind of … entrepreneur, you could say. Pretty successful. Does lots of good deeds and stuff.”
“Sherlock,” John says again, pleads me to tell him. But I can't. I don't know, and that information is not worth causing him pain.
But John is not. John knows exactly what to do next, and he does. More than once that night.
“You called me lazybones just because I've been languishing on the sofa, even though I've been very busy learning Lithuanian,” Sherlock reminds him, sounding more like a five-year-old than usual.
“Boring,” Sherlock countered.
To think that this is the same person who once said brilliant instead of fuck off... Who always kept me right. Who gave me a hand job in the bathroom when I had cut my finger on purpose. Who took care of me after Mycroft had died in my arms. Who forced me not to give up in that (despicable) cellar.
He is warm and present and soft and strong. I feel safer than I have in months.
Thank you to GoSherlock for encouraging me to keep it that way and to Katzedecimal for the  usual high-speed overnight beta-reading. Grizzi dear, hope you get better soon. Love!
He could tell Sherlock that he is still deeply wounded but slowly recovering and that Sherlock needs to be patient, and Sherlock would obey and help him heal slowly but steadily and in the end, every thing would be all right.
Sherlock feels the tears running down his cheeks. He opens his own mouth, tries to say something, to soothe John, or to stop him from dying, or to yell at him, but he cannot make the slightest sound. He tries to stretch out his arm, to reach for John, to gently stroke him, or to shake him, or to grab him to prevent him from slipping into death but he cannot move.
Their togetherness was soon disturbed by Nurse Jacob bringing Sherlock breakfast. John noticed gratefully that it was a mix of light food that could easily be eaten: fruit salad, yogurt in a very heavy bowl that would not tip over, bread sticks. Nothing that needed to be prepared, all stuff Sherlock would be able to eat on his own.
I still can't.
I can tell that something is wrong with me when my mind palace is black and white.
The loudest sound in my ears though is John softly groaning.
To his utter surprise, when John hugged back Sherlock's thoughts came to a complete stop, only for a brief moment, but long enough for him to deeply cherish the unexpected feeling.
When my legs start to protest, I sit down on the bed. My eyes fall onto the remote control for the big TV hanging on the wall where a canvas should be instead. For no reason at all I turn it on.
The voice of the newsreader catches my attention again, “... hotline for family members. Call 0800 475475 to find out ...”
He swallowed. The first sheet of paper contained her CV. It informed him that Kate Wilson was born in Pretoria, South Africa, in 1974. The only child of a diamond miner that got killed at home in a burglary. Apparently both parents got shot while Kate, aged 14, survived the incident unharmed.
He smirks a bit. “Yes, sure, it is all right.” A pause, then, “Was it better than sex with real me?”
Finally, Mycroft takes pity in me. He makes a few calls from my bedroom and comes out, smiling even more pesky than before. “I need you to do some legwork for me, little brother,” he tells me. (Pretending that I am doing him a favour while he is doing me a favour).
You need to do it, a little voice inside him said, you need to do it now. And then you need to get the hell out of here, and never come back. So he did it, he soldiered on. Stretched out his hand, touching the body gently, first its chest, then its cheeks. Jesus, the skin was cold, so cold... Then the curls. His hand rested there, his fingers taking in the softness of the hair, his lip hurting from having being bitten on. He needed to say something. Needed to speak. Needed to say something.
My eyes follow him out of the room and then fix on Mary once more. Something about her corpse is bothering me but I don't know what. Maybe the fact that I actually enjoy seeing her like that.
He denies me kissing his lips, can barely conceal a grin at my longing groan, giggles a little. The most beautiful sound in the world. He moves backward and I follow. In the bedroom, he finally lets me kiss him again, and I am so hungry I almost come just because I can kiss him again.
It will not be S4 compliant, will contain elements of a sick fic, with first kiss and friends to lovers and all the stuff I love about Johnlock. Lots of angst, too, of course, and a clever and caring John.
On the next morning, I leave before Emmi wakes up. It is a sunny day and it will surely be warm later on but right now the air is still cold. The soft morning sunlight falls onto the sea, the dunes look surreal in the misty morning glow. The sky is more yellow and red than blue, and one star is still to be seen.
She really loves him. Possessively. That is why she is so eager on being friends with me. That is why she was so eager to convince him to forgive me. She needs me to be their permitted friend so he won't have to chose between her and me. She needs me to be their friend so I can't be his love.
There was nothing but confusion on Sherlock's face. “Again?”
The last sentences were yelled from the top of his lungs, and he was shaking with artificial rage. Mycroft just looked at him, nearly unimpressed, but with an ever so subtle sadness in his eyes, an ever so subtle tremble of his bottom lip. (He was cleverly acting to fool him, John realized, which meant he hadn't gotten the fact that John was only acting as well. Or was he trying to fool him into believing he was fooled? What comes after triple bluff? Quadruple bluff?)
That way, Christmas time flies by and I am surprised to notice that there have been worse times of my life.
An angry bleeping next to my ear. Breathing is hard. Nearly impossible. Panic. But again, John's voice. Speaking so slowly that I can finally make out words. “Easy, Sherlock. It's all right. You are fighting the respirator. That's good. Take slow, deep breaths.” He repeats it over and over again, until I feel safe again. For the first time I really want to stay awake, but sleep blows my consciousness away again.
John nodded, not sure what to say next.
“You kept saying that I was in danger,” he mentions then. So my inner Moriarty has told me, yes. Did not have time to think it through. (No time for thinking when John is in danger.) (Bit stupid, that notion.) I just nod, and he looks out of the window, thoughtfully.
My legs buckle and I only barely reach a nearby bench before my body starts shaking violently. There is a ringing in my ears that goes on for a long time. It could be that I even threw up in public but if I did, I immediately deleted that memory again, so I cannot tell. The taste in my mouth hints at it, anyway.
“John Watson” he said, not able to prevent the happiness from seeping into his voice, “apparently you have already talked one man into suicide. I'd recommend that you shut up now.”
“Don't you dare come already,” he presses out and I start sucking his throat in response. He makes the most wonderful sound, low and wanting and willing.
His thoughts
Molly continues talking afterwards, but Sherlock blends out most of it because it is the only way he can resist the temptation to taunt her mercilessly about her tutorial on “How to keep your lover”. He is very proud of himself for not pointing out the length of her longest long-term relationship.
Before I fully understand what is happening, I am telling Emilia Grace all the deductions I have made since entering this room several hours ago. I talk to her about her dad and her aunt Harry. I inform her on the pros and cons of bottle feeding and how I intend to help her finding a regular sleeping pattern.
Three minutes later I am standing at the harbour. (Have decided against taking Emmi. John has been in a gruesome state of mind when Daddy was with him and it is highly unlikely that he is completely fine now, only twenty days later.)
Then a low amount of tension returns to his muscles. He is ready to confront me about my current state of mind.
After some time he asks, “You know that we will make it out of here, don't you?”
And here is something very very important:
I stare at the baby.
Then the camera angle changes, the person holding the mobile apparently cycling, outpacing the couple, then facing them from the far. It slowly focuses on John's face. While the image is still blurry, Sherlock dreads what he will see. Imagines John smiling at her, lovingly. John admiring her the way he used to admire him. John looking happy. He gets an unpleasant cramp in his crotch at the thought of John happy together with Mary.
“The first time,” John goes on, “was immediately after Mary left the room.” His voice is neutral, dispassionate. He sounds like a pathologist, telling the police what he found out.
The room for deductions …
He spends the second hour thinking about what he had written about situations like that to Mary (“He leaves when arguing too intensely. Do not be alarmed. He always comes back. Do not follow him or call him or text him or send someone after him to watch him or check his oyster card. Apparently that would be a nearly unforgivable course of action. Just leave him some space.”).
If she found his comment strange, she did not let it show. “I am dyeing my hair blonde,” she explained, still smiling, and then added, “The real world of ICU often influences the dreams of coma patients. We have been writing what we call a coma diary for you. With it, you can compare your dreams with what was really happening around you. You'll get it when you feel a little better.”
John put down the papers. For some reason he could not look at Mycroft but kept staring at the folder instead. “She is a serial killer,” he said after a while. His voice sounded hollow in his ears.
The woman he is smiling at is in her mid-thirties (divorced, no children, rides her horse at least four times a week, likes sailing, used to flying but suddenly scared by last week's plane crash). A damsel in distress, John's Achilles' heel. There are 109 people still waiting in line to check in, 32 of them single straight men. Why does she have to be standing in front of us?
… and then John stops moving abruptly.
(loves scrambled eggs for breakfast, but barely ever makes them for himself at home, always orders them at hotels, these are exactly as he likes them with chives and not too dry because I ordered them that way. “I'm sorry.”).
A most unnecessary statement. I nod anyway.
Sherlock led their way down to the metro, impossibly deep underneath the city, an endless sequence of escalators and turns, crowded beyond compare, and more than once John had to speed up not to get lost. Reaching the platform seemed to take an incredible amount of time, even though Sherlock dashed his way through the crowd, but John enjoyed every second of it. He finally felt alive again.
There are still two graves without names on them, and now that we are no longer busy with healing, I commit myself to them completely.
When he closed his eyes in pain he saw John again, dying on the kitchen floor, on the tiles Sherlock had chosen for them. He cried even harder, for hours and hours. Then there was movement in the room. The nurse stepped aside, and someone else was there but it made no sense so he tuned out that person too.
Will he be there during the gift giving? I think back. Last year (only last year, how can it have been only a year?) we were at my parents, ready to fool Mary, not ready to kill Magnussen. The two years before I spent somewhere away from John. The year before that I was busy thinking about Irene.
Afterwards I remain on the floor, panting. When I can control my body again I raise my head to look at John. He looks like he is sick. His head is shaking in disbelief and there is an expression in his eyes I have seen very rarely. Pain and hatred. A fearful mix of emotions.
Time stops being important. The ferry disappears within the haze of the morning sea. People pass me by. The sun rises higher. Sea gulls scream. After ten minutes or six hours or thirty seconds I force myself to go home. Need to see after Emmi. Need to show my parents that I am fine. (As fine as can be, that is. Which is not fine at all, but it will have to do.)
“Did she tell John the same?”
And then, finally, Sherlock understood
All the love to my lovely betas! <3
“We should bid farewell here, not out in the open,” Mycroft says then. I prepare to shake his hand when the unspeakable happens. He ignores my outstretched hand and pulls me into a fierce embrace. One of his hands is holding me at my back, the other is pressed against the back of my head. He does not say a word, just holds me tight and pets my curls.
Now Sherlock was all sober again, every hint of a smile washed away and replaced by something dark. “He's showing me his next victim.” They stood in silence for a while, not really knowing what else to say. “Well,” said John, “I think it's best if we start to ...” “That's why you are leaving in  the morning,” Sherlock cut him off.
Emmi is the only one who doesn't seem to mind my silence. She spends hours in my arms without feeling pity for me. John must know how much that means to me, for he lets me take care of her nearly all the time.
Yes, definitely crying now. John on the other hand is completely silent now.
“But it has already happened, Sherlock.” he says softly. “You have already suffered so much. Everything would be fine as long as I loved Mary more than you. That is what you told me at the hospital, remember? But I didn't, and so she killed Mycroft and Harry and hurt you and let Big Boy hurt you even more and then I left you and took Emmi with me and ...”
Underneath my forehead I can feel his belly softening again. His hands, now done treating my finger, find their way into my hair. (He loves that.) “I've missed you too,” he says softly. “You know that, don't you?” I nod. Close my eyes when one of his hands move down my neck to stay on my back, slowly rubbing it. Finally let go of the breath I must have been holding for three weeks now.
and …
Then, there is a sound that does not belong to Baker Street. It is barely audible. Sherlock rises to locate the source of it, and after a second, so does John.
Images of my mind palace melting away, replaced by padded reality. Artificial noises I cannot catalogue. Someone calling my name, then rolling onto my (right?) side and onto my back again. John's voice coming from far away. Try to open my eyes but fail. Fall asleep again.
After a while, John's nightmares start my own.
“You thought I allowed you to die. You … It is not fair, Sherlock. I'm not fair, I know, but you … You gave up and you were willing to die right in front of me. Again. I can't ...” He is choking on his words.
No, Mycroft Holmes didn't like surprises. So when his phone rang late that evening, he was far from amused.
The days between Christmas and New Year are called "zwischen den Jahren" in German, “between the years”. They feel as unreal as their name sounds and pass us by with a slow mixture of violin music, stormy weather, and domesticity.
I remain sitting on the bench until the stars come out.
When Sherlock's examination was over, John sneaked back into the room. There was not much talking, for Sherlock was tired, and John emotionally exhausted. It was a comfortable silence though, reminding John of past days at Baker Street.
“I mean,” Moran said while ruffling John's hair, “think of all the things Sherlock did to you.” Yes, here we go. John briefly wondered how well Moran was informed about their private life. He must have read the blog, but did he also have access to more confidential information? Let's hope he didn't.
“Oh,” Sherlock said. He froze again, a far away look in his eyes, a frown on his face. Apparently gone to his mind palace, probably to analyse every single thing John has ever said or done.
My first impulse is to go and find John but then I decide against it. Instead, I sit down on the bench where I found him the day he did not take the ferry and text him.
2. Love him.
(Well, I say care … Just like her idea of love, her idea of caring is a sick, perverted kind of feeling. But she is oblivious to it. She honestly thinks she loves John and takes good care of him.)
When did he get this needy anyway? It must be some bizarre chemical reaction. And yet, here he is, more than a year after his fall, contemplatively sitting in an Australian cyber-cafe, with a strange cramp in his chest. Checking the link he has got would be imprudent, but in the end the curiosity about what John does gets the better of him.
When John breaks our kiss, I get another chance to look at him. There is still this gleam in his eyes, the joy of being alive, but the playfulness is gone. It is replaced by something more sober, more serious. Desire.
She nods, “Of course. I'll get it from it's safety deposit box at the notary. Better come with me then, I feel so much safer when you're around, Sherl!” (Is she still flirting? It's an activity that seems to come naturally to her. John frowns. Better get back to safe ground.)
“I need you to … “ Damn. No hesitation now. Go on. “I need you to forgive yourself.”
The boyfriend she apparently had her parents killed for died two months after breaking up with her. He was highly allergic to peanuts and had ordered a meal at an Indian restaurant that accidentally contained traces of them in the sauce. The restaurant was aghast and fired the cook but nobody was arrested for it. It was a tragic accident.
“I … “ Sherlock starts and stops again. Am sorry? Missed you? Can't stand loosing you? “... prefer tuna omelette.” But the wonderful thing about John is that he speaks Sherlock As A Second Language fluently. He understands I am sorry and I missed you and I can't stand loosing you without even giving it a second thought.
(fingernails scratching deep into back of hand, don't flinch)
They buy it. John is concerned, Mary pretends to be concerned, they tell Mycroft, and ten minutes later I am sitting inside the car that will take me home early once more.
Poor boy, John thought. Pezzutto seemed to think the same. He started to sweat a little. The nice smile on Sherlock's face grew a little broarder. “And could you please tell us what you think the murderer has done in here?”
And then John understood. “You had to kill someone,” he stated, and felt his stomach clench when Sherlock's silence confirmed his concerns. Damn. He had been afraid that this would happen, eventually. He knew that Sherlock was a very skilled fighter, but somehow, despite all of the dangerous cases he had accepted over the years, had never before been forced to take someone's life. And obviously dealing with that turned out to be very hard.
Davies nodded. “Yes, but that will not happen in the near future, as the plate won't interfere with your healing process right now.”
On Christmas Eve Daddy explains to Emmi (who is way too young to understand most of what he says) that she has to sleep now so there will be presents underneath the tree tomorrow. Mummy (who always had the most practical approach to Christmas when I was young) explains to her that usually Father Christmas brings her presents but as we are in Germany the Christkind will take care of them this year.
Mary might be gone from my mind palace for good but she finds a way to sneak into my dreams now.
Pneumonia can happen when you do not breathe deeply enough, Sherlock's mind said, sounding very much like Mycroft. He did not have the energy left to growl at it.
Disgrace adds to pain when he realises he is crying. No, howling in pain, like a wounded animal. He cries even more when he hears how lost he sounds, how sordid. In his confusion, he clings to the only hold he still has. He grabs his mobile and calls his brother, still unable to stop sobbing.
Now, they are both quiet. Nobody wants to talk. It is as if the crash has left us all speechless.
It is only point 11 that will be unforgiven.
In his mind palace, he watched his future unravel on the old TV in his nursery. John would tell him that he needed to stay with his wife and daughter. Sherlock would be understanding and try to get over the fact that their love would always be unfulfilled. So would John. They would both fail, seeing each other more and more seldom because it would simply be too painful. In the end, Sherlock would be sitting in front of a cottage somewhere in the country. Old. Alone.
Except that the noose is not hanging high enough to hang me.
There had been rain the day before, and at one place the walkway is blocked by a landslide and a “Do not pass” sign. John stares at it as if insulted personally.
A round of Merry Christmases is held and then Mummy hands Emmi the first present (a wooden work bench whose sole purpose is to teach her how to hit things with a hammer. I doubt she needs a toy to learn that.) She soon picks up the principle and starts hitting everything within her reach with the hammer.
John gets up immediately again and sits down on my bed. Holds my hand, places his other hand protectively on my neck.
We are brought into some kind of hell for the wounded. There is no space left for us but on the corridor in front of one of the examination rooms. People on stretchers are rolled by, and for some reason my brain refuses to tune them out. A young boy, not older than seven, with a swollen face, crying for his Mummy. A woman, mid-sixties, unconscious, fractured leg. It goes on like that. None of them are getting any privacy in their suffering.
"Anyway!" I do my best to command him and it seems to work. He follows me without further complaint.
But instead of getting angry she only frowns at me mildly and then sits down next to John who was placed at the folding table by Big Boy. His hands are still tied together and Mary starts feeding him. Watching that is a lot worse than eating like a dog.
So there is still physical attraction, but no sex and a drastically reduced amount of kisses. After another week of feeling strangely lonely while lying in John's arms after the nightmares, Sherlock throws in the towel and returns to Molly.
She was fully aware of what had happened here, of course. (It really didn't take a genius to figure that one out.) She was angry and hurt and determined. The gun was aimed at John, who, like Sherlock himself, was completely naked, in more than one way.
He had moved that chair to another room, so he would not be reminded of John's absence every day. But that had only left a John's-chair-shaped hole in the fabric of the room.
“Well, we can sort it out right now,” Mary's voice cut through the room, ice cold and bitter.
“Oh god, look at you,” she spits, “You caused him so much pain and now you can barely stand to look at him.” She turns around again, sighs and tells John, “It hurts him to watch you being in pain, John. Just like it hurts me. And do you know why we are both in pain now?” She strokes his hair, gentle and slowly. “Sherlock and I suffer now because we love you.”
This is goodbye, his eyes tell me. And this time for good.
And how had it been possible for Sherlock to observe it, by the way? He had not been there with John and Mary, and yet he had seen it all. Impossible.
John! Where is he? With an insane amount of willpower, Sherlock pushes himself up far enough to search for -
Mary sits down on the floor next to John, who is tied to a chair once more. She absently pets his leg, when she explains, “Really, it started so perfectly. Finding out where Mummy and Daddy Holmes were hiding with Evelyn was easy.”
When the young receptionist who was obviously still dealing with the aftermath of childhood abuse and a violent fiancé told them that someone had left a flash drive for them, it had come as no surprise. Mycroft watched rather patiently while Sherlock reduced her to tears for not being able to tell them who left it, knowing there was no stopping him anyway, before he steered his little brother back into his room and started the wave file.
They ask me things and I can't bring myself to answer.
One day I end up in front of one of the three cemeteries. Not one for the inhabitants. This one is called "Cemetery of the Homeless". There are four tidy lines of graves. Thirty-two graves, to be exact. The first one from 1906, the last one from 1969. There are no names on the wooden crosses. The graves of unknown sailors who were swept up on the beach one day. Nobody knows who they are. They all left people behind who never knew where the bodies of their beloved ones were resting.
Then like a switch and been flipped sound and feeling came back. Sherlock felt as John rubbed his arm and held his hand to his chest. Could feel as he exaggerated his breathing and his breath ghosted over Sherlock's face.
He’d find him, the ghost be damned. He brought with him nothing but a switchblade he’d found, stuffed in his pocket just in case and otherwise made his way about the city on foot. Searching areas on his own where he believed Jim- no, Moriarty would take Sherlock. He knew that he would be able to find Sherlock quicker than anyone else, after all he had known Jim best out of most people.
“I know. I won't be a smartass and walk on my own, I won't ignore my body and not take a break, I won't use the stairs and I won't go on the balconies.”
This was an accidental long chapter yay! I usually only do around 1200 to 1400 max but this was 1968 so whoops! Anyway hope you enjoy!
Absent. Gone.
It was over quickly enough and after the fact Sherlock and Molly went to John’s concert which was the thrill of of their lives. The music was incredible as was John's outfit which consisted of leather and little else underneath. They both got to go backstage and meet the other members of his band which thrilled Molly to no end who fancied the drummer. Sherlock didn’t find him entirely appeasing.
So he hauled himself up out of bed and made his way to the chair in the corner where Lestrade as left most of his stuff. Digging through it he found the box and slapped one on his arm. The relief was instant as always but he was itching for another.
“What did you do?” Sherlock asks suspiciously as he sits where John had been in front of his desk.
“John, I solved a case in one day the police couldn’t solve in years.” Sherlock tilted his head narrowing his eyes slightly. “Do you really think I couldn’t tell when you don’t like something?” John huffed out a laugh as he fell onto the wall, his coat scratching against the dodgy paint job.
He paused at John’s door having been looking forward to this moment for so long now, somewhat anxious at the thought of it now. He had built it up in his head so much he was worried now what he was supposed to say and do, what if things were different now, what if John didn't love him.
"Do you think I'll ever get out of here?" John asked as they were walking back to their rooms. Sherlock was in front of him now walking backwards as John steered him away from obstacles. He was getting tired and weak so Sherlock had to be more supportive of him in the front.
A week later they were back and forth on the whole ‘is he gay or not’ thing it was getting out of hand. Molly would look at him just walking and call him gay. That’s not how it works. Then again when did anything work the way it was supposed to around Molly.
Coming in flashes, every single terrifying moment.
"So his mind thinks he can't do what exactly?" He asked incredulously. How could the mind possible make bodily functions psychosomatic.
“What are you doing?” John asked, his small voice seeming so loud suddenly, his courage dying as James looked pleased to his newly found voice.
The big boned man, -with what anyone with any common sense would describe as a ‘beer belly’ or otherwise known as a paunch- Roger Moriarty sat in his red recliner that was just holding on by a thread to falling apart as most things were in the trailer. Flipping through a newspaper a single lamp was on beside him, the only one in that room. Most of the rooms in the trailer didn’t actually have electricity.
“Maybe, this one?” John answered questioning his answer already, but picking the lower one.
He found himself smiling slightly too as he backed away and slipped into his room not bothering to turn on the lights as the sun wasn’t fully set filling the room with a soft glow. He closed his door quietly and sat atop his bed just smiling content with the information that John was happy. He was shaken by a quite knock at his door.
“I know. Thank you.” Jim said and smiled softly, he kissed Sebastian just a light press of their lips. “We‘ll meet by the big tree tonight?”
“He did.” Moriarty snaps protective of Sebastian's memory and not allowing it to be tarnished by someone who knew nothing. “You wouldn’t know.”
“Very well.” Mycroft replies coming to stand next to him examining each person.
His uncle came out then, yelled at them for being noisy and went back inside. He didn't even care about his son with a knife to his nephews hip, ready skin him as he cried hysterically. The neighbors hadn't cared either, he still doesn't know who complained the day Greg took him in. He wants to thank them but also to ask them why they had never bothered to before, when he was in so much more danger. Trapped with Jim Moriarty, a psychopath.
He picked John up along with his bag as they were done packing, holding him close to his chest as they left the building. A sleek black car awaited them, parked on the sidewalk for John to be taken away in. Sherlock was having a hard time stomaching the thought of having to tell John goodbye, even though maybe this was easier than losing him in the first place it was still one of the hardest things he's ever had to do. Realising he had amnesia was a close second.
"Why? Why would I have this in me? How? I don't understand-" he starts to panic and Sherlock looks him in the eye sternly for a moment and John keeps his turmoil to himself.
“That clock is broken too.” John pointed out before going back to his tea. “It was a family heirloom according to her letter and you just pushed it down the stairs.”
"What exactly am I getting ready for?"
"Alright, chill. He and the band went to get all the equipment ready to travel for the Christmas tour. That is where most of them lived originally. He'll be back in a few hours, calm down" She explains calmly and tries to get Sherlock to do the same.
“Yes, very complex and impossible for you to understand in this state.” Came a curt drawl from the bedroom doorway, a polished dress shoe stepping into the room soon followed by the tip of an umbrella.
Sherlock woke in the world he had left with the partners he had left with and things were different and no one would understand how or why but him. He had been gone for years and no one had any idea of it.
He wouldn't figure out Sherlock was completely and utterly obsessed with him.
Watching John out of the corner of his eye Sherlock texts Lestrade about getting in touch with Mycroft. He was in a sulk again and refused to talk with Sherlock even when he mentioned the urgency. Something about international meetings and interrupting him too many times, Sherlock couldn't care less.
"Why aren't you talking?" He asks simply just wanting to know at this point. John just shrugs again and went back to his fingernails. Sherlock sighs to himself, annoyed and moved to sit beside John.
“You hadn’t met me years ago, and I can promise that I won’t let you be here for another one. If your not out of here by the time you turn eighteen, I’ll pay for it.”
"We should go before we catch something." John muttered quietly hardly audible over the rain hitting the metal stairs. Sherlock let out a heavy breath flowing over John's face in an almost comforting way.
John clicked it on the torch lighting up small sections and he turns it towards the walls, looking around for a light switch which he quickly found. He flipped it on a loud noise comes from the end of the hall startling the three but no lights come on. John takes Sherlocks arm his breathing stuttering.
Sherlock couldn't remember who initiated it but found himself with an arm full of John and a nose full of his hair. They were both full on sobbing at this point hardly gable to breath through John's hair but couldn't bring himself to move away.
(See the end of the chapter for
It was overly domestic and completely public they didn't care who saw. Lestrade continued to pester them relentlessly but they didn't have a word for their relationship. How could they possible label something so pure and perfect.
John is small not just in height but in weight and he feels almost delicate as Sherlock wraps his arms around him. He's so petite not in a girly way by any means but just tiny. It was adorable. He didn't have much muscle living his life in a bed and was almost similar to a toothpick. Sherlock wasn't by any means burly but John was the smallest little thing. It really was cute, not that he'd ever tell John but cute anyway.
“Mr Holmes?” The male doctor repeats for the third time starting to get annoyed with this situation.
“Then?” Sherlock let the question hang while Lestrade got his bearings.
"John." Sherlock calls and he goes limp whimpering underneath the blankets. One word and the tangled mess is stilled, John must remember him on a subconscious level more than he realizes.
An illuminated dangling figure.
"We found one of the guys, Andrew Helton he's down at the station. I got you twenty minutes interrogation time." Lestrade internally sighed, they were both helpless.
"Alright." Sherlock sighed getting up and grabbing his belstaff he headed out but before he did so he called back. "You both owe me." Molly and John both chuckled as the door closed.
John nodded and started to pull, Sherlocks steady chest behind him, his hands guiding where his own were supposed to be. He managed to get Greg all the way outside before having to stop for a breath.
I'm slacking in my updates I know, writing has become a bit difficult lately. But here is this chapter, hope you enjoyed, I couldn't stand those two so I pushed them together.
He sighed quietly to himself to disband his anger and thoughts to make his brothers life miserable, then shook his head slightly and moved to open his door. He unlocked it and almost walked right into John who sat in front of his door.
"Okay first, I'm not a popstar, nothing of what I write is even considered pop. Second, what does that even mean? Is it a requirement to know that?" John is even more confused than before.
“I’m angry.”
“Are you going to introduce yourself?” Molly asked excitedly leaning on her clasped hands. They were sat at a cafeteria table lucky enough to have the same lunch period as John. (Sherlock was practically giddy at being able to call him that even just in his head.)
“Well then, second choice. Feeling well?” Moriarty asked with a gleaming smile in the darkness, that much was visible to one consulting detective.
“John this is Geoff Lestrade-“ Sherlock introduces mootioninf to Lestrade.
"Alright, fine but why do you still have it?" John asks again feeling like he just went through a blender.
"Not at all,I'm afraid he just doesn't listen." Mycroft said sadly as he looked up to the sky.
“John, what happened wasn’t-“ The man tried to amend in his silky voice, probably in reference to whatever caused John to lose his memory. John just shook his head and placed a hand on the man's cheek as tears continued to flow.
“You forget you are a child.” Sherlock says as a way of explanation and John rolls his eyes clearly feeling much more comfortable with defying Sherlock.
It was time to cash in a favor.
"I'm not stopping you. I'm coming with you." Greg said matter of factly and opened the door of his car for them. "Now get in."
“You don’t think?”
"Mom's recipe." John said almost reverently as he looked back and forth from Sherlock to Maggie.
He knew what it meant the moment he saw the paper exactly what the message was, what it would be. There was no need to decode something so simple and sickening. Sherlock's mind worked in overtime nonetheless because it was simple, yes but that didn’t mean that this was going to be any easier.
“I can’t do that with you. Your a mystery to me John, one I want to crack. That’s how you make me stupid. You and I what we're doing right now, small talk, its mundane I don't do that, I find it dull, but with you it’s interesting. That’s how you make me mundane. I don’t feel the need to beat you or disagree with you like a do with other people who are annoying with their everyday things. But you are different, your complex an enigma, I want to know about the everyday things you have to talk about. That’s how you make me nice.”
A broken scream ripped him from his tranquil state. He instantly recognized it as John's own broken voice crying out. Sherlock got up quickly his insides lurching in protest as he ripped his IV from his arm. He stumbled a bit as he made his way out of his room to see John down the hallway crumpled on the floor against the wall.
When he came out of his head Sherlock realized he was on the stairwell heading up towards the roof. People would call it sweet. Thinking of John led him to the place they had spent the most time together. It was odd the way feelings would bubble up at the simple thought of John Watson and past conversations with him.
“John’s sleeping.” Sherlock said as if it were obvious.
“Everything will be fine, brother mine.” Mycroft said softly seeing the tension in Sherlock’s frame.
"And I, you, John." Sherlock replies fondly walking slowly behind him. A memory comes into John's mind then, the only good part of the evening.
Unfinished goodbyes.
Sherlock backed away looking behind him over the railing at the storm. Sherlock grabbed John's hand and they were running again, this time without the threat upon their lives but from the downpour. When they did make it home they both shook off the rain they could and then took turns showering. Sherlock showered first so John could start up a fire, they were lucky Mrs Hudson had moved the firewood into 221C instead of in the alleyway like she usually did. Sherlock came out in his usual nightly attire and they switched, Sherlock to the fire and John to the shower. After John had showered he discovered Sherlock had taken all the blankets and pillows and made an almost bed like structure in front of the blazing hearth.
Instead, I focus on John again. He is lying on a stretcher, pale and fragile. They have attached an IV line to his arm, tended to a minor head wound, done a few simple tests. They suspect a concussion but they need to check his skull at hospital just to make sure. Very reasonable.
The evidence wall is intact again. Some of the information is connected in different ways than  before I tore it down in despair. In one case, the new arrangement makes a lot more sense. The uppermost sheet is only slightly above my eye level (Mummy's doing then).
Wonder if I should be ashamed of the fact that this arouses me further. No time to contemplate. For inner John (when did he get naked?) is still completely in charge. “Down” he commands, and pushes me onto the bed before I can obey.
The first draft of my mind hut consisted of two only rooms at that time. One for academical knowledge, one for people and deductions. I say academical knowledge. I was six when I started building my hut. Academical knowledge included all facts about pirates, that butterflies were caterpillars once, and how rainbows happen.
I can read in her face that she believes me. “What will you do?” Clever girl. But I am not willing to give it away, especially not to someone I don't trust at all.
(See the end of the chapter for
He noticed how Moran had paled. So he ventured on: “I had forgotten how good it felt to laugh before I met Sherlock.” Another truth. “But you know the feeling: being with him is like your life has suddenly changed from black and white to colours.” Yes, you know the feeling. And you miss it. “I never giggled that much as when I was with him.” He cast another glance at Moran. So you never giggled together? Good to know.
We almost fall inside and John somehow kicks the door closed.
The stops thinking about it when the coffin is lowered. He knows that he should stand up now and hold the elaborate speech he carries inside his pocket. He should stand up now and tell the world how much he still loves Sherlock, that he is burying so much more today than just his best friend.
“So, this is how you want it sometimes?” he asks, a bit amused, and forces his tongue inside my mouth before I can answer. Yes, God yes. I gasp for air, my scalp tingling, my back burning. Briefly wonder what my real body is doing right now, because inner me is hard as can be.
For a moment, something in his expression changes. “Are you really sure ...” he starts but never manages to finish that thought because my hands find his bollocks. He almost buckles with pleasure.
Most of the time he knows it will start when he will be forced to leave John.
She came closer, watching the broken pieces on ground with disgust and went on, “�I would have expected you to talk to me at least. Let me explain. Or give me a chance to react properly.”� She glanced over to the living room. ”Some good people had to die here today because of you. Did you know that, John?”
Of course it is. No need to be silent now that she is gone. It was a mind game, that's all. A cruel and efficient one, but one that definitely ended when she died. Of course I can talk again without doing harm.
John sinks to the ground, reads the email one more time, thinking that this is the most selfless thing Sherlock has ever done. Even more selfless than jumping off St. Bart’s. It pierces through his heart like a harpoon, leaves his head and heart swaying.
John tenses further. He knew she had been drinking lately, but had been sure that she had stopped three month ago after seeing Emmi for the first time. No, need to stop deducing John. I try to blank out his emotions and concentrate on Mary.
The hotel is nearby. We try to walk fast but cannot stop kissing every other second, one of us always holding tight to the other. It must look like some obscure drunken dance where we are orbiting each other like desperate binary stars.
The drink tastes sweet and rich. I need a while before I can look at Inner Mycroft again. “I miss you,” I say then, watching the low waves instead of him. There is so much more I should possibly say but nothing else is equally important.
Sherlock's brain needed one point eight seconds to keep up with reality, then it was back online. He renewed his pressure on John's abdomen with one hand, checking his pulse with the other while shouting at Mrs Hudson, “Ambulance!”
For some reason he stands up but starts to sway instantly. Sherlock jumps up from his chair, toppling it over in the process but not giving a damn, and catches John when his legs buckle.
Of course he follows me into my room afterwards.
Just when he thought that Sherlock must have fallen asleep again, he heard his hoarse voice, “Why am I in hospital?”
But somehow my being sorry makes him even angrier. He starts yelling at me, and when I fail to defend myself he leaves the flat. On his way out he bangs the door close so hard that Emmi wakes and throws a tantrum. (Good girl. That way I have to concentrate on her. Less time to think about this stupid fight.)
I don't have time to think about it as Big Boy starts dragging me up. My legs feel wobbly from being tied to the ground too long but I manage to stand on my own. And now I realise that the noose is exactly on a level with my neck. It is only too low to hang me as long as I remain standing.
Mycroft allowed his eyes to close for a second, already constructing four different scenarios to stabilise his brother after John's hopefully not occurring death, none of them pleasant. When he opened them again, something had changed significantly.
He left the mind palace again and realized that he was walking through a park now. The air was humid and warm and he was sweating instead of being miserable and cold. At least his shirt was sticking to his chest now in a really unpleasant way. Not as good as freezing until your teeth were chattering but better than feeling all warm and soft inside.
We stand opposite each other for a while. Finality is settling down around us. One tear does not count as crying, right? I should say something. Something profound. Something to make him stay.
Over the next days I work on the sailors' identities with John in the afternoon, write drafts for the blog about it at night, and try to teach Emmi how to walk and how to say Daddy and how to eat without polluting everything and everyone within a six feet radius every other minute of the day.
That combined with Sherlock's non-cooperation made that session the most frustrating thing to watch.
Was John sorry? Sherlock was but that was not helpful at all because it has not been his fault.
I know that Mycroft is doing all he can to negotiate me out of the MI6 assignment in Serbia and out of prison as well. I just don't think that he will be successful. And by the way, I am not sure that I deserve being negotiated out of it. No matter that my motives were noble, in the end I killed a man in cold blood.
She had just left the room when a doctor came in with a few more nurses. They gently shoved John aside and began to examine Sherlock thoroughly.
John notices the man's stare as well. I can tell by his body tension that his fear for my well-being increases.
"Don't." Daddy tells me quietly. "I have told him where to find us if he wants to. But he needs to take that step on his own."
John embraced him. “I feel the same,” he said softly.
(had no choice she was about to use her gun to shoot me making the decision where to hit her instead was easy between the 5th and the 6th rib driving the knife right through the heart so she wouldn’t have time to react)
He himself is a bit worried about point 9 (He honestly likes wearing those jumpers. Do not make fun of them.), especially after his perfectly understandable reaction to that terribly tasteless turtle-neck or to the tracksuit top. Yes, he could probably have paraphrased his comments, but they agreed on telling each other the truth all the time and Sherlock always sticks to that, having learnt the hard way how devastating it was for John when Sherlock told him a lie the last time (Point 11, Do not lie to him. Never. Even if it would save his life!).
I spend some time calculating the number of bricks in the walls. Then I delete the result so I can calculate it again tomorrow.
He cannot wear the coat, cannot conceal his cheekbones behind its collar, but in his mind there is the swirling sensation when he runs around a corner anyway, and he is dazzling and magnificent and splendid, all charisma and elegance. And all the time, before he turns in for the night, or while he is sitting on a plane, or when he is waiting motionless for hours to make his move, he thinks of John, and of his admiration and his support.
I can tell that something is wrong with me when my mind quotes Wikipedia.
But mainly because John's careless comment shows how little he understands me (any longer).
A cab takes us to the train station. On the radio, you can hear the basics of our disaster: flight SC-304 crashed after engine malfunction, killing 64 of the 171 people aboard. Both pilots dead, black boxes found. It sounds comprehensible that way. There is barely an idea of dust and blood and fear when you reduce it to those plain facts.
The next morning, Mummy is busy cleaning the house (extensively). That leaves me space to face some things I have avoided so far. I need a proper setting to face them. So I pack a thermos jug filled with hot chocolate, put on my (ridiculously yellow) rain-coat and drive all the way to the beach in the north-west. There is a lookout in the dunes with a bench and a notice board. It tells you where exactly London is from here.
(A memory fires through my brain.)
They will spend a fortune with the next utility bill.
What a stupid idea. Completely incomprehensible. My mouth is already opened to protest, when my brain kicks in. Dan Miller is …
“If you compliment me for being able to eat yogurt, I'll deduce something really embarrassing about you the next time Mycroft is around,”Sherlock threatened.
The tiles had changed during their journey through the corridors, becoming newer, whiter. At one point his steps had been so reluctant that Molly literally had to pull him along. At least she didn't talk to him. When they stopped in front of one of the tables, John knew that there was no way to avoid it any longer. It needed to be done. He gathered all the strength he had – was he supposed to have any, under these conditions? But then, he was a soldier, wasn't he? That´s what he had learned to do – keep soldiering on, no matter what.
Not that I did not love her already. I helped to bring her into the world, and my heart was reaching out for her the second I held her in my arms in the car. But there was not much space for me in the Watson family those days, and Mary made it more than clear that she did not wish me to love Rosie more than godfathers normally do. Just like I was not allowed to love John any longer.
After a while the flight attendants start handing out drinks and light food. They are busy, 165 of the 174 seats are taken. (I sit down on the seat next to the aisle (the curse of long legs!) and John next to me. The window seat in our row remains empty. That is good. John likes it better that way, and for some reason I am happy when he is, most of the time.)
I hate the feeling and yet, I can do nothing about it. Should I take a shower? Or better just wash myself with a flannel? Should I call the reception and ask for new clothes? Or should I just put on my old clothes again? (They smell of blood and kerosene and hospital.) Should I …
The worst part is John's face. The panic is gone, so is the pain. Instead, he looks into empty space with complete indifference. It makes Sherlock's abdomen clench painfully.
(See the end of the chapter for
He has to be merely unconscious.
I sit down on a (wet) bench. From here you have a good view of the spot where hunters used to club  ducks to death. Today this place is a (wannabe) tourist attraction with a cute mascot that tells children all about the blood thirst of their ancestors.
I shake my head in disagreement.
“So,” she goes on, “here is what we are going to do. Every time you talk, John will get hurt. Funny, don't you think?” She smiles at me (and means it. She really is enjoying herself right now. That is the scariest fact so far.)
“Drunkenness has a similar effect on the biochemical processes of sinistral people as a lobotomy has,” he pretends while taking John's blood just to make the excuse more believable.
When John opened his mouth to say something stupid, Sherlock forestalled him, “Don't you dare to apologise for bringing her into our lives again!” He watched John's eyes widen in surprise for a second. A wonderful sight. “I am sorry,” Sherlock went on. “I did not realise that she was a serial killer. Me of all people, can you imagine that?”
But obviously, we are in need of a long-term solution to be truthful. I also have many talents that I could praise  for hours (which I do occasionally) (well quite often, to be true), but dealing with romance is not amongst them. So I decide to use the only scheme I am familiar with. The promise of love, the pain of loss, the joy of redemption.
When she starts drinking, I see a small note next to her bed. Must have lost it there yesterday.  Address of a good second-hand book shop. Its owner can probably get me a copy of “The Origin Of Tree Worship”. One of the books lost forever on The Day Of The Gunshot.
We all freeze instantly. I never intended to say it loud, really. But I did and now I cannot unsay it. My heart starts racing. My mouth is dry and I cannot swallow. The room is swaying a little.
Yes, that was the point where John had stopped talking. But why?
John, who had watched Sherlock's agitated walk through the room, now directed his attention to the folders in front of him. The Latin he had learned at Uni helped to gain a general idea of what the articles were about, but the details were completely outside his reach. He looked at the photographs instead. The dead body of an older woman at the bank desk, a sporty looking young woman lying on the streets of a picturesque little town, a strong man of uncertain age slumped to the ground under a huge dome.
Try to process that. Can't remember waking up here. Can't remember talking to him. Feel (completely) lost. The pressure on my hand increases instantly. “It's all right” he says gently, “it's a common after-effect of the narcotics used.”
But even more so he objects to Mycroft thinking it would somehow be his business. John walks up to Sherlock, takes the tea towel out of his hands (desperately hoping that what Sherlock had just mopped up was water) and presses a rather thrilling kiss on Sherlock's lips.
Fear mixes with want and only makes me want harder. The rhythm of the music is getting faster and so are we. I try to withdraw my mouth to tell him that we need to get back to the hotel very very fast but he won't let me go. So instead I steer us towards the hall that leads outside. I lead and John follows and we are still kissing deeply. Here in the relative quietness of the hall I can hear us moan and the sound of us makes me even harder.
Little sleep and even less food proved to be extremely helpful if you wanted to appear broken. But sitting in your chair while staring at the ground for hours proved to be extremely boring, and even though John was a patient person in general, it really started to get on his nerves after a while.
Soon the cabs stops, and I am standing in front of my home. I remind myself that the loneliness is only temporarily. Mary will give birth soon, and then John will be here and GraceNotEmilia and I will probably be longing for a moment of loneliness. But tonight, I cannot stop thinking of John helping Mary into her coat. Such a small domestic gesture. So John.
Instead, his parents chose that very moment to appear, being all loving and caring and making a fuss of his injuries and praising John for always being by Sherlock's side. Sherlock hated how much he loved being treated like that.
Feel John (inner John! Inner John!) shift his body slightly and then touch my penis without breaking the rhythm of the overwhelming thrusts. Think my head bumps against the ridiculous head-rest of their bed but am not sure. Am screaming now, body stiffening, arching, leaning deeper and deeper into the thrusting, wanting it wanting him wanting it nownownownow -
Mycroft Holmes despised legwork. But then he watched his little brother's face displaying every ounce of pain that John was hiding. His brother, who had always spent so much time on creating the image of an unaffiliated, self-centred sociopath. No matter how much Mycroft despised legwork, he understood that should they not manage to find John Watson in time, there was no scenario that would stabilise his brother ever again, and there was no other place he himself could be then than by Sherlock's side.
Oh, how I missed hearing that voice.
Of course not. I have completely disappointed him and deserve the agony I'm feeling now.
I remain standing in the living room for nearly an hour. Then (without thinking) I pick up my violin because playing is how I deal with pain but as always the bow stops just before it would touch the strings and the pain gets worse and worse. When I turn around, my eyes fall on the chair that will never be John's chair again and I become so angry that my hands start shaking. Before I know what I am doing, I am smashing the violin against the armrest, again and again and again and I don't even stop when the instrument is completely shattered.
It was a shame that John couldn't sell the violin for Christmas. He knew Sherlock must be missing it badly, but they had agreed that mourning John would not give it away too lightly. A good thing that Mrs Hudson had donated the microscope to a school while John was living at his transition flat.
Their eyes lock once more. John is trembling. It won't be long now. He opens his mouth and emits the worst sound Sherlock has ever heard. It is a mixture of blood-filled lungs and tremendous pain, a shrill groan, the knowledge of death.
Tonight, of course, I do not expect to find real rest. I doze off again and again, sleep for half an hour once or twice, but otherwise I am content just to feel John's body heat radiating, preventing my soul from under-cooling.
But I need to find John.
(A father (or dad) is a male parent who has raised a child, supplied the sperm through sexual intercourse or sperm donation which grew into a child, and/or donated a body cell which resulted in a clone. Traditionally, fathers act in a protective, supportive and responsible way towards their children. )
But what then? Have the plane take me to London so I cannot go to the graveyard? That sounds ridiculous, even to my ears. But not going to the graveyard while still on Amrum does not make any sense. It would be as ineffective as being petulant while temporarily mute. Nobody will notice. I don't know what to do.
“I spent the last days trying to make up something half as romantic as your best man's speech, but I can't, so we'll keep it simple.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Thanks to my wonderful betas for their incredible speed. :-)
I would have lost my life.
"If you tell me now that my heart will lead me the way I am going to puke right onto the kitchen table. " I (politely) inform him.
For a while, we sit together awkwardly. My mind wanders back to New Year's Eve last year. I had been in prison, with no idea what would happen to me. The vague idea of a suicide mission to Serbia was looming over me back then.
There is no time to pick up our jackets. A reasonable loss. I steer him outside where he finally draws back a little.
Most of all I want to thank the best betas in the world. This would not be the same without you. <3
“There will be someone to see you about recovering your muscle strength and someone else to teach you the first breathing exercises,” Davies explained. “Will you need anything else today?”
One day there is the most lovely murder at a flat at Portobello Road. It is a closed room mystery, one of Sherlock's favourites. The victim could not have done it himself, but there is also no way the murderer could have left the room because the windows are locked from within and so is the door.
Maybe it is time to follow my own advice anyway. I stuff Mycroft's letter into my trouser pocket and go down into the kitchen. There is milk and cocoa and a saucepan and a thermos jug. Sixteen minutes later, I am barefoot and on my way to the beach. The little bench with the wooden table is still there, half-hidden in the dunes. I place the two cups I brought along on the table, fill them both with hot chocolate and give a mental toast to Mycroft.
Sherlock does not waste any time to answer. John is a doctor, after all, he will surely know whether he got poisoned or not. Instead, he grabs his mobile with his free hand and calls an ambulance.
Now Davies exchanged a look with John before going on. Which could only mean bad news. Sherlock tried to steel himself against the news.
And of course thanks to my three wonderful betas. Your support means the world to me.
when a brutal gunshot burst the silence.
“I forgot my jacket and my mobile when I left,” John stated the obvious after coming in. For some reason, John was the only person in the  world who could state the obvious without driving Sherlock insane. Probably because Sherlock loved the sound of his voice.
The start of our flight is as uneventful as can be, and soon the hills of Scotland are hidden underneath the almost ever-present cover of clouds. I can feel people around us relax which is stupid because on flight DF354 the bomb went off shortly before the plane reached its destination. I ponder mentioning that but don't.
Sherlock eyed her curiously. “You were in my simulation,” he told her. “Your voice, at least. But I thought you'd be a brunette.”
John's head is running wild. He is morbid and desperate and alone. He feels a masochistic pleasure in memorising Sherlock, memorising every single moment with him. He recalls every movement and every look on his face and every tone of his voice until the pain takes his breath away. He memorises it so it will always be there to take his breath away.
Sherlock squeezes John's hand, not able to do much else. John's eyes light up instantly. “Hey, sleeping beauty,” he quips with a little smile. A lame saying but necessary to lighten John's apparently dark mood.
Almost too late Sherlock remembers that he wanted to appear bored, but he is not entirely sure that his performance is still as Oscar-worthy as it was three hours ago. He hears John entering the flat and stares at the stain on the ceiling. His breath does funny things inside his chest. His mouth is dry, and he is unable to speak, which comes in handy, for he wanted to pretend that he does not want to talk to John anyway. He swallows, not daring to look at him.
John gave him a half-smile, ”You are welcome.”
I don't have to listen to the call. Everything is so obvious that it hurts. In my mind I see Mary provoking an incident that leaves her in solitary confinement. See the bribed (or intimidated or blackmailed) prison officer helping her escape while everyone believes her to be still confined. See them searching for her right now frantically, and in vain.
"I'll think of something sobering" I promise. But John has other plans. ( That grin. Oh that grin alone sends little shock waves through my body. ) He presses his index finger against my lips and whispers, "Hush, love, not a sound." His other hand has already freed my (fully erect) penis. (No idea how.)
“No armchair sex, no anilingus,” Sherlock translated for John who smirked.
At a loss of words at that realisation, he did what always drove Mary crazy. He fled.
“I … I need ...” To get away from me.
“Oh, I have also prepared papers to give you sole custody,” Mycroft explained smugly. For once, John didn't mind that. For once, he was glad that Mycroft was such a manipulative meddler.
They continued sitting next to each other for a while, both happy about being home, both lost in thought, before Sherlock went on: “Your line of argument has been very … convincing.” John smiled at him. “Yes, good thing that someone once taught me that the right balance of truth and lies is vital to placing ideas in people's heads.”
“I'm so sorry, love,” she whispers, “So, so sorry.” She kisses him again and then she says, “It is all Sherlock's fault. I'm so sorry.”
“The nice man at the museum said even they don't know for sure,” Daddy tries to make peace.
“I think I'll go home to take a shower,” he said to no one in particular, and left the room.
We barely ever use words during sex.
“Just say it,” I try to quip. It comes out gentle and warm instead.
At night John and I sit by the fireplace together, taking turns to cuddle her. John falls asleep mere minutes after claiming not to be tired at all, and I take both of them to bed.
I bring her to bed (her cot, standing in my room of course) and go back to my parents only to see them ordering a buggy on the Internet. When I enter the room, they both sober.
When we are done fighting we are both so exhausted that instead of having make-up sex we merely have a make-up cuddle. And we still don't know what to do.
He really is. But he wishes he weren't. He still loves me and desperately tries not to.
When we reach our room, I am exhausted and happy.
“I wanted to sneak inside, surprise your parents in their sleep, play a little game with them and then kill one of them in front of the other. But NO!” she shouts, stretching out her leg to kick me once more. I barely notice the pain. Obviously there is no hope left for my parents' lives but please please tell us that you took Emmi with you, instead of ...
He examines John with an efficiency that gives me reassurance. Checking for signs of concussion and ordering an X-ray scan of John's skull takes less than two minutes. Checking the rest of his body another two. Trying to examine me (for no apparent reason) and being hushed away another fifteen seconds. After waiting for hours we are rolled out of the room again after less than five minutes.
Molly drops by later on so Mrs Hudson can go home.
Dan Miller can tell but he remains unimpressed. He is either very very brave or a big fool after all.
He could tell Sherlock that he loves him but is still angry at him for leaving without a word. They would have lots of things to figure out, but in the end, everything would be all right.
More interesting though is the sheer panic Mary can barely conceal. (Already suspected her to have some link to him.) Something criminal that frightens her. Must be really scary.
Admittedly, for a second it had been a bit close but it had ended well. Thanks to John's brilliant fighting instinct, Sherlock had to admit. Not thanks to his own actions, or lack of it. But it was the result that mattered, not how they got there, and the result was that John had not been stabbed to death by a mediocre thief. So all was well.
They seem to return to normal soon, but John cannot help but feel like something went overboard that day at the orphanage.
“That does not make your actions right,” he snaps half-heartedly. Oh sod it, Sherlock must already be deducing John's subsiding anger. Better get through with this fight as long as they were sticking together in the living-room. Literally. After their liberation John would surely be too pacified to finish this.
“I'm sorry for staying away so long, I just needed to let off some steam,” John goes on, as if Sherlock was not feeling completely out of character, “I didn't mean to scare you.”
“Christ, Sherlock, just leave”, she spits. Her face does a funny thing immediately afterwards. A wild mixture of false calamity and true anger. Mary, always trying to maintain control, but in the end as much at the mercy of her hormones as every other pregnant woman. She hates it, I can see that clearly, and she is fighting hard to remain in control of her mood.
“What is going on in your mind palace right now?” John's voice makes her crumble to dust. When did he start embracing me? (There is no better place on earth than in John's arms. What a shame I missed some minutes of it.) Instead of answering I lean into the embrace. Does he understand what I am telling him this way? Seems like he does, for he does not ask me again.
Please note the additional tags. They have to do with sex. :-)
"I smashed it against your chair when you left Baker Street."
After dinner, Rosie crawls onto my lap, makes Daddy bring us books and we spend the rest of the evening reading. When it is time to go to bed, she decides that John is to brush her teeth today while I have to prepare her milk. I can hear them giggle in the bathroom and it makes my heart light. This is home.
"About what you said, when I was still intubated ... “ I start. Should have planned what to say, I realize too late. “I ..."
All John had understood was “espressi” and “pasta”. “Well, I ...” “Yes, I know, and pasta also means something like pastries, so don't worry, I did not order noodles for you at three in the afternoon.” “And you knew I wanted something sweet because...” “You were staring at the other plates with apparent longing. You were also staring that way at the cappuccino those Swedish tourists are having, but as it is only meant for breakfast in Italy you will surely prefer the espresso I ordered.”
Finally I find the strength (and courage) to look into his eyes. Should feel awkward but doesn't (because it's John). He smiles at me, sweetly and lovingly (as if he had not pushed me into a short painful brain- numbing orgasm just now). Caresses my curls, presses innocent kisses on my face. My head lolls forward to rest against his belly once more. ( Right where it was when we started. Full circle.) I bury my face and love him for a while.
“Take everything,” she says, “and make sure that I'll be protected when Mary finds out. She wanted to pick up her papers one day before the plane leaves.”
Then, on one of the more trashy news channels that also call it “news” when an underage singer releases a new brainless pop album, a comment catches my attention, “... brings up memories of the Kegworth air disaster of 1989 that killed 47 and injured 79 after the pilots shut down the wrong engine.”
He remembers every single morning of the first week. He only gets up because Mrs Hudson would minds. She pours her whole caring energy over John and would not forgive him if he gave up just now. So he does not.
When I can think again, still standing in front of the chamber on my own, it takes me only twenty-two seconds to come to the conclusion: I must destroy all information Magnussen has on Mary. All information Magnussen has on Mary is inside his head. Hence, I must destroy his head.
At the entrance of the hospital, a wave of memories makes me dizzy. Not just memories, I realize, also memories of all the fears I had yesterday. But John is not dead, or dying. He is fine, and we will leave this place together this morning. My wrist starts throbbing when I cross the entrance hall, as if to remind me of yesterday's abnormality. I ignore it. People with casts are nothing abnormal at a hospital.
John presses a gentle kiss onto my forehead. “I knew you wouldn't.”
But it didn't matter. It shouldn't. He didn't want to feel protective of John right now. He wanted to loathe him, to curse his name and damn the day they finally kissed for the first time.
So, one day (much sooner than he would have preferred) I sneak out of hospital (note to self: tell Mycroft that in the future I'd prefer hospital rooms on the ground floor). John runs around looking for me, asking so many people where I could be. (As if he wouldn't know best. But people are stupid, even the nice ones, and they all believe that John has no idea where I am. They all believe we are not into this together.)
then stumbled towards him, desperately latching to his arm with an incredible force
(And I am proud to say that I did not resist at all.)
And his brain is too slow.
On the plus side, I have to say that my mind has picked up speed again. Deducing might still be hard, but thinking as such is possible again. Finally.
Mummy forces us to do womanly things she calls “Talking About Our Feelings” and “Sharing Our Emotions”. Those are gruesome rituals and I deeply pity Daddy for being married to a woman. (The fact that all this talking and sharing helps to make me feel better is something I would never publicly admit.)
What I do not know is why he did not kill himself.
John also occasionally thought back to this strange night about five months ago, after their return from Dartmoor. He had gone to bed early, and strangely, so had Sherlock. Eventually, about an hour after falling asleep, he had been woken by a noise coming from Sherlock's bedroom. A muffled scream of a kind John knew only too well. A nightmare. This happened only seldomly, but every time it did John shuddered when he thought about what kind of nightmares such a brilliant mind as Sherlock's must be capable of producing.
We are alive, and we are ready to face every day's life again. The crash has been traumatic and will haunt me for a while, that much is for sure. But it is over now, and I am able to go on, getting over it.
No way to stomp that, so I remain silent.
The next three days had a touch of surreal. They were waiting for a signal coming from Moran, yet, as they couldn't speed up the process, they were able to enjoy something that felt a lot like ordinary holidays. It was like the quiet before the storm: peaceful, but bound to come to an end soon.
I reach the port of Dagebül about an hour before the next ferry leaves. There is a tourist terminal now, and I am grateful for the chance to get some (German) breakfast. Outside the window, I can see our family eating whatever Mummy had packed, on a blanket on the dyke. They look incredibly close.
Thank you for reading, commenting, suscribing, giving kudos and everything. :-)
Nobody ends a phone call faster than Rosie.
He sighs, and continues caressing my head. I close my eyes and feel my body relax just a bit. He sighs again. “I am sorry you don't feel that way,” he says, almost whispers. “I try not to be too obtrusive but … I wish I could make you feel it too, this joy to be alive.”
He tries to let it end on a joke, and I would like to play it cool. But how do you do that when there is a tube stuck in your mouth and tears floating down your cheek? He gives me a sheepish little grin, and then wipes my cheeks dry with a cloth. Kisses me gently on my forehead and nods, upper lip stiff again, but a gleam in his eyes that has not been there before.
“Something terrible will happen,” John mumbles. “Something … I love you so much and … and something will ...” He is panting.
He tuned the night nurse out, hid in the most sacred part of his mind palace, and slowly cried himself back to sleep.
John went to the window. “Let's let the sunshine in, right?” he said to Sherlock, and did not wait for his answer before pulling the curtain back. He needed to see Mary leave.
“He apparently killed more than five people in cold blood. How did he get out of jail so soon?” The absence of an answer confirmed his suspicion. Again, he pictured young Sherlock, growing up in that loveless home, having but one friend in his life ... “You didn't turn him in to the police, did you? You let him get away.” The silence stretched out between them, Sherlock's shoulders the only thing that gave his tautness away.
I can only blink.
Well, as completely as you can as a family father with a healthy sex life and a toddler that somehow learnt how to walk overnight and parents that demand your attention. Which means that it takes quite a lot of time to find out who is resting there. But that is fine, really, because what is slowing me down is enriching my life enormously.
For some reason, I remember our baggage. With the belly of the plane driven into he ground like that, all baggage must be lost. I cannot get my thoughts off the little stuffed clown fish we have bought for Rosie at Inverness. (She loves fish, watches that strange animated film in an endless loop whenever we allow her to watch TV. Knows more kind of fish than me.) She would have loved it but now it is pressed into the ground by 60,3 tons of steel.
“You said,” Sherlock explained, speaking very slowly, as if trying to understand something very very complicated, “that she shot the man you love. But the only recent victim I know of is me. So, who else got shot?”
John sighed a little. He hated those “Show me how close you come to my brilliance”-things, but Sherlock would not continue before he had tried, so it was better to get over with it fast. “Well, “ he mused, “there must have been something valuable inside the tomb...” “No.” “...or the bones are of any value because...” “No.” He sighed deeper. “Or maybe there was something inside the tomb that didn't belong...” “No.” “or maybe someone just wanted to demonstrate...” “No.”
“Hush,” I interrupt him (softly). I can feel his body relaxing against mine. He will fall asleep soon. I start stroking his face, knowing it will relax him even more.
Sherlock nodded quickly before asking himself the very same question. Was he all right? He felt weak and shaken, but at least he wasn't in pain. How much painkiller did they actually give him, by the way? He tried to look at the pain pump but the monitor was turned away so he could not get a look at the display.
Well, I still have two weeks to come up with something. Right now, I am perfectly happy with sitting in the kitchen, surfing the online archives of different shipping nations, John sitting by my side, sipping his tea. He sometimes looks over my shoulder, grunts his approval and one time even murmurs something close to “brilliant”. Then he starts working on his own laptop to help me with the virtual legwork. Occasionally he has an idea that is really helpful.
His lips are soft and warm and John's heart nearly stops and is he really kissing back? Lord, yes, definitely. John's hands have found their way into Sherlock's soft hair, and his last coherent thought is how Sherlock, without any experience, kisses so much better than Mary. Then his world is reduced to these lips and these hands and these curls for a while.
(“As I am the one who broke him, it should be me attempting to do the mending, but he has made his decision on that topic clear. You are far from being perfect for the job, but then, neither am I. You will be unable to give him what he needs concerning points 3, 4 and 8. Do not be alarmed, I have failed at points 5, 9, 13 and 19 on a regular basis and his feelings for me have never changed. It is only point 11 that will be unforgiven.”)
He spends hours and hours wondering what exactly it is that attracts him to Sherlock physically. Is it the exotic touch to his face? The way he looks in his exquisite coat, in his expensive shirts, in his eggplant-coloured suit, in everything he wears? (“Please, John, obviously it's not eggplant. It's Byzantium,” Sherlock huffs when John dares to mention the suit in a totally non-sexual context.)
“No matter what, I want you to promise that you will hold on as long as possible.”
Turns out that in the end there was nothing wrong with us at all. I am only glad that Mycroft lived long enough to realise that, too.
Judging from John's sarcastic laughter that was true.
“At least he is the best,” I try to reassure John and he gives me another look I cannot fully deduce.
Sherlock leaves her thoughtfully. Maybe that is really a good idea.
He was not functioning properly. Neither his hand-eye-coordination nor his muscle power was working the way it had been. The two meals he had tried to have so far were nothing but humiliating. How hard could it be to handle a fork, really?
Again! Remember how my cheeks flushed. Remember his curt nod. Remember the feeling of missed chances. Then he was gone.
There are 43 rows on this plane. In every one of them, people are scared or hurt or dying or dead. After passing the third row - (a man, mostly unhurt besides a strained ankle, shouting at another man who is dying. He loves him (brother rather than lover), and he is losing him. His voice is breaking as he repeats his angry chant of “Do not leave me” again and again. Next to them, an old lady is suffering from a head wound (smashed her head against the window. It's smeared with her blood). She will not survive but has not realised it yet. She is staring at the back of the seat in front of her while her hands are fumbling with the seat belt. Her fingers lose grip again and again, her fine motor skills already gone.)
John sat down on the chair next to Sherlock's bed. Too far away but at least he was there. He had not reacted to Sherlock's speech still sounding wrong by the way, another thing Sherlock silently praised him for.
“Well” John started, pleased, but Sherlock was far from being finished. “So first I built an extra shelf for you, then added a whole room, but information still kept coming in. I never want to delete anything I learn about you, and before I noticed it, the room had become a wing.”
When John woke up the next morning, he was not at all surprised at the position he found himself in. They had shared a bed before on several occasions, and he already knew that Sherlock Holmes didn't just lie in a bed. He inhabited it.
On the ground there was a paint gun with a post-it attached to it. Two words were written on it: “I could”.
John's room became part of the mind palace when I left London. I needed a place to retreat, somewhere safe. Funny choice, for I never really spent much time there in real life. But it is filled with things that remind me of John, his laptop, that ridiculous green jacket, his mug. It was in this room (somewhere in a shabby hotel in Slovenia) that I realized I love him.
I can still see in his face that after all those months, after so many revelations, he is still gratefully surprised that I love Rosie that much.
When we are finally alone again, John looks at me. Exhausted. In pain.
It was a long list that made the reasons behind John's starting depression even less comprehensible. Well, maybe he needed to look at it from another angle. So next to the first list, Sherlock wrote down a second one. Reasons for John to be unhappy. But no matter how hard he thought about it, Sherlock could come up with only two points:
Now he is talking absolute nonsense. “Shut up,” I hiss (more fiercely that I had intended).
“I have been there before,” he says then. “In Scotland, where I was after leaving you. My aunt used to live nearby. A peaceful, deserted little hut in the Highlands.” He needs to dwell in memories for a while. When he goes on, his voice is so low that I have to press myself against him even closer to hear him.
“Oh, the accounting book says so,” Sherlock mocked him, voice so friendly it raised John's hair. “Well, apparently Adigi would never fake the balance sheet, right? He surely had better ways to cover the fact that he was a compulsive gambler who had lost nearly all his private money, right?” Still smiling Sherlock produced several papers he must have collected when he had left the room for that few minutes: borrower's notes, bank statements, lottery tickets, tickets for horse racing.
"Okay then. Let's do it."
Perhaps it was pure impulse or some kind of familiarity, mixed with muscle memory that caused John to slowly placed his free hand in the mop of dark raven curls. The man practically melted into the contact as John slowly sifted through the messy locks detangling and massaging his scalp as if he had done so a hundred times. At this point John wasn’t sure if he had or not.
He thought of his time here just a short amount and it seemed like a lifetime. When he met John it was like he became a different person John had a way of softening him it scared him in a way. It made him afraid of when he interacted with other people around John and he’s a totally different person then John won’t like him anymore. When he sees who he really is he’ll leave.
He was getting far away from them now a little too far for comfort but it was probably better this way, he didn't want them hurt. Maybe he just had to face this himself.
Molly looked over to Sherlock in shock and mouthed ‘Is that?’ and Sherlock mouthed back in equal shock. ‘I think so.’
Hi, I'm not dead-  here's a chapter.
"How can you be so sure?" John asked quietly afraid he might de-age into nothing.
Something more dissolved at that conscious thought.
“Yes, I know. I didn’t buy you anything but I did get you something and worked hard on it.”
“Molly, John may not say it because he’s kind but you cannot offer him anything that would actually help.” Sherlock interferes looking over to her momentarily before looking back to his papers.
The ground was a bit dewy in the early hours of the morning, a sun coming up somewhere in the distance, just enough to light the sky without the sun coming up over the horizon yet. Basking the area in a soft blue around him. Mornings were a fascinating thing that Sherlock had always associated with a sense of calm and the ordeal had made him lose his taste in it.
“He made the right choice.” Sherlock said surprised that John had done so, most likely to be the most logical decision he’d ever made. Greg could help, do something. Maybe not in time to save Sherlock but to catch Moriarty it would be worth it.
“John, you’ll need to let go so I can stand now.” Sherlock says quietly amused as he leans a bit awkwardly over the bed with John’s little hands twisted into the material of his shirt.
There wasn't a sound from inside just an eerie silence. Sherlock waited and waited. He couldn't hear John but he knew he hadn't left. He knocked again.
Sherlock’s drifted he realizes as he wakes up to the sound of one of the doctors voices fluttering into the room. Somehow he ended up on the couch when he fell asleep -collapsed actually- on his chair.
"It was a sale."Sherlock defended his own smile growing larger by the second.
There was this moment that they stood and it was fine, that somehow Sherlock didn’t notice. The intense feeling of pain doesn’t register to the unknowing mind. There’s many different kinds of pain but when a pain is so great, too great to bear, one tends to not recognize they are even in pain.
Suddenly there is sound, loud high pitched and whirring sound. Pain follows as the sound is soon identified as machines and voices. Some are shouting to each other but one the only one that seems to matter among the chaos calls a name. Surely it must be his own otherwise the owner of the voice wouldn’t shout it into his ear. “John!” It was just a name a very simple one yet he came to take it as his own. For it seemed the man shouting it, really wanted him to come back.
John bit into his food and for one glorious second there is just silence. John doesn't know if it was in his head or they had gone quite but the house seemed silent.
“Of course you do.” Sebastian said, placing his free hand on Jim’s cheek lightly.
I probably should be putting actual plot in this chapter, especially since I said 20 chapter (will probably be more) but I need the fluff! I don’t wanna write the angst it’s so sad! I have everything thought out but writers block is really not helping me get my thought in the metaphorical paper. The struggle... anyway hope you enjoyed!
"You know that doesn't apply to us." He said as Sherlock moved back his hands coming to rest on John's shoulders.
“Then we’ll just have to be happy until then.” John stated decisively and stood up taking Sherlocks hand and tugging him off the bed with him. Even though there was obviously no way John could pull Sherlock anywhere he followed him anyway, not wanting him to get hurt if he left him alone.
“He’s gone now, you can stop hiding.” Sherlock says glancing over his shoulder at the small figure still huddled at his back. John nodded to himself and shuffled back in front of Sherlock who watched him curiously.
The pieces he was looking for had been gone for so long he had forgotten there wasn't supposed to be a hole in the center. He filled a bit more with the pieces he found, only five pieces missing now.
"Sherlock?" John asked getting up and joining him in the kitchen.
"This isn't a competition, I'm trying to keep you safe."
“Hey, you.” Someone said from behind him, perfect timing. He spun on his heel to see it was (Dr Anderson didn’t seem to fit, doctors were supposed to be smart, he definitely wasn’t.) Anderson, his eyes focused immediately on the pocket of his white coat where he could see the outline of individual cigarettes and a lighter. “What are you doing up here?”
He looked up quickly as he heard a voice but couldn’t quite make out the words through his muddled thoughts yet. He felt slow, weighed down, he knew he must have been sedated at some point. He hated the feeling of it.
“Fiancé.” Mycroft corrects quickly.
For the next hour or so the two busied themselves with making pancakes and as many different things as they could create with eggs. Really Sherlock did the work while John ran around finding things for him to use and cook with, making a sort of challenge out of it. They spent their time well although in the end they only really ended up eating half of the things they made and sent the rest down to Mrs Hudson, even though there was underlining of sadness to it, the two did their best to forget about what was in front of them and almost succeeded when one of Mycroft's men knocked on the door downstairs. The both of them lapsed into silence as Sherlock went over to talk to the man, they had five minutes to get themselves together before John had to go.
“I’m just like everyone else.”
Hanging.
When they got there they said goodbyes and his father drove off and Sherlock walked inside. Mycroft would be waiting somewhere to show him around but also show Molly around if he could find her. Really Molly shouldn’t be able to afford this school but her scholarship and talent in pathological studies.
Misplaced. Hidden.
Warning -Slightly graphic descriptions of gore- Consider Yourself Warned.
A whirring noise started to fill the room as little green lights ticked on, each machine coming to life.
He did it anyway, she threw another pillow.
With that he turned and left, John's door shutting closed behind him as he listened to Sherlock’s retreating footsteps. He couldn’t figure Sherlock out. He was happy one minute then cold the next, he was unpredictable, a whirlwind.
John wants to strangle and kiss him at the same time.
Sherlock knew he could protect John but perhaps Mycroft could help him more than he could. He wanted what was best for him so he could get him back to normal as soon as possible. He couldn’t possibly leave John now, not after that everything. If he had time perhaps he could do this himself without Mycroft’s help that would surely have strings attached. He just needed time.
"John Watson, you are the love of my life and I couldn't imagine living my life without your presence by my side. Although I cannot say when our relationship truly began I can say that we were meant to be together. I don't believe in fate or soulmates I hardly believe in luck and yet I find myself having the best fate in meeting you, becoming the luckiest for being able to love you and calling you my soulmate. I'm hardly proved wrong and usually not happy about it but today, I am extremely pleased I am wrong." John was crying his left hand in Sherlock and his right on Sherlock's heart. Sherlock lifted his own hand wiped away John's tears with his own threatening to spill. "Would you do me the honor of confirming this theory and becoming my husband?"
“I can’t promise you anything about the future, but for now I’m here.”
"Okay." He says softly and is surprised when Sherlock pulls him into a hug. "Thank you."
"Mrs Hudson, who is that boy over there?" He asked inclining his head slightly to the room across the hall where the boy was being hooked up to the helmet machine.
"John! Oh, it's so good to see you. Come in,
Life went on as usual Sherlock still asked for cigarettes in the morning and John stillused the W.A.Y. The differences were only few but impactful ones.
“We fine.” John says softly hugging sherlock around the neck with his petite arms, feeling his unease and wanting to sooth him if he could.
Sherlock made his way to his room searching around for something to break into John's room with. He didn't bring many things thinking he'd have broken out by now so he didn't have his lock picking kit. Eventually he found two pens and brought them over.
Three years later he returned home and nothing felt quite the same as he left it. Three years and decades of experience in his head, he has been gone so much longer and done so much more.
“Then eat, you fool.”
“Screw my father!” Jim exclaimed quite loudly, grabbing Sebastian's arm and pulling him to face him quite roughly.
After they passed by Sherlock walked quickly to the elevator it opened before he even got to it so he quickly swung around the corner and went for the stairs listening as people filed out of the elevator. He went up two floors and four flights of stairs his long legs allowing him to skip every other step and make it quickly. He slipped once more and followed the sign to the lounge. He still needed a card so running into a doctor would be ideal at this point-
darling.
"We've hung out before, haven't we?" John asked confused trying to think of a time.
"You don't realise how oblivious she is. You know after you went to "pick tomatoes from the garden" she came up to me and said-"
“I am awake.” Sherlock said finally finding his own voice, he didn’t understand what John meant as the blue in the sky seems to turn a bright blinding light. He didn’t mind though not understanding it didn’t bother him, not with how he was feeling at that moment.
“Let’s not start this until the tours over, yes?”
"Great. I'll see you both then." John said awkwardly leaving the tickets at the table by the door. "Um, bye." He waved nervously then left as soon as the door clicked closed Sherlock groaned. He fell onto the backrest of his chair leaning his head back and hiding his flushed face in his hands. He sighed to himself, irritated and feeling like the happiest idiot in the world.
“Lovely, just contemplating life on earth.” He said sarcastically, then dramatically draped himself across the bed head dangling down off the edge. She just rolled her eyes and continued cleaning.
“I was trying to protect you-“ Sherlock started but is cut off by a loud noise coming from behind them and they both freeze.
He was considering at this point, as he looked up to the sky, he wasn’t so vain to think that -if it was a thing- he’d be welcome in heaven. For if there was a thing he’d surely be going much lower, for one good deed did not rise above multiple bad ones. As he was balancing there staring out at the big building before him, it seemed only fair he’d die here. It had started here, he and John had. Not that he’d trade their relationship for his life, he wouldn’t- couldn’t ever do such a thing.
In the morning John woke up to Sherlock on the phone with presumably Lestrade. John himself was still laid out on the mound of blankets and pillows from last night. He had expected to wake up with all kinds of pain from sleeping on the floor especially from his shoulder and was pleasantly surprised when he stretched out and found no resistance. Sherlock probably thought of that and did something about it, he could be incredibly thoughtful when he was in the mood to be.
He went to his classes as usual, hardly paying attention and walking the halls idly in his free time between classes. He solved cases on his laptop that people sent him while he waited for John to be done with his music class. He had created a website a while ago but it was finally getting some attention and he was receiving some interesting cases online to occupy him.
“If you are feeling any pain we can give you a small amount of pain killer.” She said as she laid him back down.
"Brilliant, knew you'd get there eventually." Sherlock says jumping up and grabbing their coats.
"You're promising a lot lately."
Until it exploded all over the kitchen.
"That won't happen." He assures looking into John's eyes and feeling his heart ache at the expression on his face.
John sat up on Sherlocks chest seemingly excited by the declaration. “I love you too!” He exclaimed and though there was aching, Sherlock couldn’t help but feel the slightest bit glad that John still loved him. In whatever way there was left to, it was enough.
Sherlock looked down at it noticing he was pointing with his bare big toe at the wall in front of him. So he looked that way to find a bulletin board filled with drawings and paintings, over on the desk in the corner paper and different kinds of paints and pencils. Sherlock prided himself in being observant, seeing what other people can't, so this level of missing something that's right in front of him makes him feel like Anderson.(One of the idiot doctors he met.)
They arrive at the flat quickly and Sherlock bolts the doors the windows and pulls the curtains shut when they get inside then started pacing around nervously. He pulls out his phone again texting quickly as John watches from his place on the couch.
“I love you. I know this isn’t the best time but it’s true.” John said with a light smile which froze immediately as a cold ragged laugh came from behind him.
“I am not incapable of anything.” John says putantly, pouting at his paper.
“Prepare to be proved wrong, my friend.”
"No, um.." he quickly went into the kitchen rummaging around and John followed him watching him fondly as he dug through drawers of junk. Sherlock made a little 'ah-ha' noise as he pulled out a spring, metal cutting pliers and his Bunsen burner. He clipped the spring and used the burner to melt the two sides together then stuck it under the faucet and turned the water on to cool it.
“Alright well, I actually met him in college believe it or not.”
~2460~
I only just realized how OOC the characters are. I apologize but I can’t fix it now so.. whatever just roll with it XD
We’d do anything to have them fight again, not with him as some sort of parental figure over John who did as he said without question. He needed his John back, more than anything.
“First, call me John none of that Johnathan crap. Second I wanted to find someone and I think I’ve found someone who can help me.” They sound of Johns retreating footsteps was all they could hear then a door being slammed. They rushed across the room  to their own door to pop it open and look through the crack. He was walking down the hallway with a woman a tall black haired woman holding a clipboard, his assistant most likely.
“Alright alright. I just worry.” Sher replies with a sigh and his father gave her a side hug and stepped out of the house.
“I’m not. I’m making it easier. Won’t you just stay here, we’ll deal with anything else later.” Jim said following him, taking his arm again.
"Oh, he's been talking about it for weeks you know. All nervous about what he should cook he practiced downstairs in my kitchen. First time you should've seen it smoke everywhere black char in my new pans. It was dreadful." She prattled on about how she couldn't get the smell out for weeks.
He didn't know why he wished to please the boy but perhaps it was the look of helplessness in his eyes he wished to banish completely as it seemed to mirror his own. He didn't seem to be the kind of person that should have such a look. A knock on the outside of his open door shook him from his thoughts.
"No I'm going to slide it into your arm and take some blood." Sherlock says matter of factly putting a bit on alcohol rub on his arm before sliding the needle into his skin. John hisses but other than that doesn't move although he wants to yank his hand away, he also has the odd urge to slap Sherlock.
“Always, John. Always.” John heard him answer from across the room before the sound of a door closing. What he didn’t see was the growing shine to the man’s eyes
Bleeding out and waiting for his feet to fall out from beneath him and hang to his death. The bleeding really was getting to him now, his head was all fuzzy and he knew it would only get worse from here. Fate was a cruel thing after all wasn’t it.
Molly stayed quiet after that just listening while unpacking. The sound was so familiar yet she couldn’t quite place it. That tingling feeling bugged them both for almost thirty minutes Sherlock trying to ignore it and Molly trying to place it.
"We'll need to get it removed right?" John asked anxiously as he watched Sherlock's face.
Alternatively perhaps he’d lapsed into a sort of coma or intense state of shock. Maybe it was that he had been possessed by some supernatural being, not that he believed in that but it was always good to examine all of the options. Perhaps he had gone blind or in the act of being hanged he’d entered an odd space between life and death, or his brain had been damaged by the lack of oxygen. He had hoped it wasn’t that one.
“Hey the walls are thin.” John defended chuckling lightly. “Though I wouldn’t mind if you got jealous it would suit you I’m sure.”
“No, I can’t now shhh.” He heard her turn around to talk to the person behind him. “John, I’d like to introduce you to my roommate; Sherlock Holmes.”
Sherlock sat there in silence feeling empty without John’s familiar presence puttering about around him. He feels truly alone.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You started with a box, like everyone else. But then I had to store more and more information on you, because you're so fascinatingly unpredictable. Your reaction to body parts in the fridge, for example. Toes drove you crazy, a head only made you shake yours. I made up a whole new box only for that. You are so much more interesting than other people.”
“Sorry, I … I'm sorry.”
Where is John?
“I love you,” I whisper.
“So,” I continue instead, “you faked your brother's fake return. I am flattered, but keeping me in England was not the only purpose, was it?”
Instead, nothing.
“They sent us on a sex weekend, didn't they?” John asks when we are sitting on the ferry to Dagebüll.
“I found it all out,” I cannot help but boast a little. Too long has it been that John has looked at me with admiration. But today, there is only a little amount of (well-deserved) admiration in his glance.
It crashes onto him with full force. His knees buckle, and he slides down the bathroom tiles, gasping for air, moaning. He realises that in his dream, he had been able to look at Sherlock's photo without being hurt. His heart has eventually started mending.
John is unusually quiet today and keeps cuddling me regularly. The former is a bit disturbing, but the later holds many benefits. It could be a trick to make me talk about sad childhood memories more often. If it is, it is working. I loath John's social competence.
He secretly had to admit that he liked the look. And he liked the way the perfectly fit white shirt and black trousers felt on his skin. Incredible how comfortable looking good could be if you only invested enough money. No wonder Sherlock always wore stuff like that. A bit scary though that Mycroft had been able to have perfectly fitting clothes tailored without ever having John measured.
We are left alone for what seems to be a long time. (I grow hungry and stiff, so I guess that more than five hours pass, but I am still not sure.) Enough time to think about a way out. Well, we are stuck in a (cellar?) room that is empty except for John's chair. No window, only one door. There are hooks all over the wall and ceiling, strong enough to carry a human being. Some are embedded into the ground, like the four that I am tied to.
“Of course they will still be here. The parquet has been renewed two years ago, and the average time of use for parquets is about fifty years.” I can see myself being impressed by Mycroft's display of knowledge. He seemed to know everything. If he said the letters would still be there, they would.
It echoes in my head, loud and shrill, drowning out John's and Magnussen's voices. There are no vaults.
(genuine reaction? Yes, only possibility)
“If you had been sent to Serbia, you would be dead by now,” he says, dangerously calm.
Mary's cheeks are flushed, and I don't think I have ever felt that revolted.
“You know I was fond of you right from the start,” he says, eyes trailed at a point next to my solar plexus, “even when almost everybody else failed to see who you really were, right?”
Thank to my wonderful betas. All mistakes left are mine and mine alone. :-)
They had searched the empty farmhouse before
John looks at me with more pain in his eyes than ever before. "She has already won, Sherlock," he answers quietly.
He holds my gaze for a while. Then he shakes his head. “I would do anything for you, Sherlock, you know that.”   Yes, I know that.
“What's wrong with it?” John asked. That launched Sherlock into another tirade about how he was not making any progress, how the exercises were both too stupid and too hard at the same time, how the therapists were all idiots, and so on.
Now he could hear John laughing loud and truly amused. “Oh, don't worry, love,” he answered, and Sherlock's heart swell at the sound of “love”, “that has not been our first fight. Our first quarrel at best.”
(unpleasant, overstepping his boundaries on purpose, but don't flinch, don't show rejection, don't give him the satisfaction of a reaction)
John fell asleep on the sofa waiting for Sherlock to get out of his frozen state. When he awoke in the middle of the night, he was covered with a blanket.
He kisses both the dog and the girl (and only hesitates slightly before and only trembles a little) and then says, “I think Papa is still waiting for his kiss.”
Brilliant. Arrogant. Without compassion. Impatient. Brilliant.
In the end we stay with my parents for nearly a week.
for two cappuccinos
His eyes widen when my touch becomes rougher, he has to draw a deep breath. He is always so self-aware when aroused, and I understand how privileged I am to see him like that.
Something in Yasmin's expression changes (and also in Janine's, but in a different way. Need to watch it again later to analyse). “Oh,” Yasmin breathes, “oh poor dear, you're in love with him.”
They only notice how Sherlock stores body parts in the fridge. How he sends John to buy milk right after passing by a grocery store. How he convinces John to spend a cold night with him in a lookout to convict a thief, warmed only by Lebanese cuisine that must have once been luscious but after six hours in a heat retaining package is lubricious at best. How he forces John to pretend to be living in a loft in Liverpool for two weeks to solve a case.
“You should lay her down in her travel bed, John.”
“Do you think he loved you?” John then asked, but Sherlock seemed to dismiss that idea instantly. “Come on, John, why should someone love me?” He looked out of the window again, his back turned towards John, who felt a strangely sad feeling spreading in his stomach. “You really can't think of a reason why, can you?” he asked softly. He was ignored.
Yes, of course I do. I close my eyes for a moment, prepare myself to sound as composed as I can. And then there is Rosie's voice, a bit sleepy but happy as almost always.
John reaches out for Sherlock's cheek, caresses it. His lovable eyes still dark with concern. His back stiff. Has slept on a hospital chair for more than five nights in a row. So Sherlock's condition had been really serious.
Sherlock's murmur got louder, more clearly. “John,” he said, and then, “I love you!”
John just stares, trying to figure out how embarrassed exactly he should be right now, standing in front of the most powerful man of England, completely naked.
"Inside my mind palace I heard a few noises, and there must have been some kind of pain but ... I have tried to remember what happened but I can't."
The beach at very early sunrise, a tiny reason for hope after the relapse. A little nearby waterfall. The town hall in spring time, the flowers in front of it in full bloom. The lighthouse, with a sky that says early in the morning on a sunny day in spring.
Then, I free myself from the idea that I have to call each and every friend we have. There is a hotline, and Mycroft, and Mrs Hudson. The news that we are still alive will have reached everybody by now.
Only briefly does Sherlock think of the advice he gave Mary in his letter concerning John's need for intellectual stimulation. (“Remain being intellectually challenging for him. See attachment 3 for Adult Education programmes around Kensington.”)
I have to think back on how we ended up together first place. His very first move was to be helpful (by lending me his mobile), then he felt useful (by coming to the crime scene with me and running over rooftops), and the next big step was him protecting me (from my own stupidity by shooting the cabbie).
When he was alone again, John tried not to worry about him but failed.
I manage to deduce a few (alarmingly simple) things but more often than not my mind starts wandering instead. More and more memories are swept up from the depths of my brain. They paint a more realistic picture of my childhood than the ones that came up during my journey here. But that is okay. I can handle them now. I remember more of Mycroft's annoying interferences with my life. A fight between my parents two weeks into our holidays when I was nine, so severe that I was scared they'd break up soon. A long list of stupid things I did the two years Mycroft did not join us on Amrum.
(And I will never admit that I do not mind doing the housework knowing that I am doing it so Emmi lives in a proper home.)
(In England, there are 63.6 live births per 1,000 women of childbearing age. Around 4,000 stillbirths every year in the UK. 1 in every 200 births ends in a still-)
Sherlock's eyes widened for a second. Then he seemed to crumble even more.
(“A job offer I should like you to decline.” So Mycroft suspected it would come to this and sent me a warning. “An undercover assignment that would prove fatal to you in, I think, about six months.”)
Christmas does not have any romantic connotations for John and me. So why is it so hard not to have romantic hopes this year?
Oh. But that would mean that Sherlock really didn't know. Could that be true?
When I go downstairs again, I find John half-asleep. (His head hurts even though he pretends to be fine.) Cuddling on the sofa is not easy with the cast but we manage for a while before I force him go to bed. I pretend to be tired as well and lie down beside him but I sneak out as soon as I am sure he is asleep.
This time Sherlock instantly knows it is a dream. Baker Street is furnished slightly wrong, the way it is in his mind palace so he can always distinguish vision from reality. His chair's colour is one nuance darker than in reality, the books on the shelf are in alphabetical order, the knife that pins down the letters is an African hunter's knife.
“Tired, I know,” Sherlock finishes for him, already looking for a cab.
Then he is gone, and I am still grinning like a fool.
And yet I cannot stop tossing and turning until I finally fall asleep just before dawn.
“Ashkan Hasimi, boy of 13,” he explained. He couldn't help but sighed. It had been a while since he talked about it to anyone. “Lived in a nearby village. Well, village... He used to come over every day, spoke a little English. Seemed to be fascinated by everything we did or said.” He could still see that young, open face some nights. “One day, he came into the mess with a bomb attached to his hips and his finger on the activator.” They had never found out if he had been planning that all along or if he had been spontaneously recruited.
Did I break his as well? Likely. To me it is clear by now that this has been Mary's plan B all along. She did everything to ensure that we both would be crippled beyond repair in case we would make it out of the cellar alive. (Don't want to believe that "beyond repair" is the correct term. I only wish I could see some hint of healing.)
The ride to Mycroft's bigger operation base takes another thirty minutes after that, and I need the first ten minutes of it to fully realize that I will go neither to Serbia nor back to prison. I will stay in London, will live in 221b with John and GraceNotEmilia, will grow old. (Well, should probably not bet too much money on the last one, but still.) I will have a future.
Why did it take them eight hours? There is such a recorder aboard every scheduled flight, and its location is surely not a secret. Can't one deduce where it can be found after a crash?
Mary looks like she is ready to murder us all with a look right here. “You will not get away with that“ she yells, “John, you will never be happy, I swear. You will all pay for this. I have got out of worse situations than this and ...”
“It has just become more interesting again,” he quips, “you finally said something new.” Our eyes meet (also been a while) and he sobers. “So,” he goes on, “my wife tried to kill you, yes?”
When John comes back three days after Mary's visit, he is still clearly shaken. “You will not die,” he repeats over and over again. We embrace so hard I can barely breathe. For once, I have to cheer up him, and not the other way round. Funny feeling. Not my most prominent strength.
Sherlock did not answer immediately. Instead, he watched John questioningly as if trying to deduce something very complicated.
“The texts became more and more personal, including stuff only he could have written.” (A bit less boring, but still easy to fake. Too often people overestimate the discreetness of family members.) “Then I received letters, written in his handwriting.” (A bit more elaborate, but still too easy to fake to be truly interesting.)
Janine.
His breath becomes ragged, then he starts to open and close his mouth, trying to inhale in vain. His eyes focus on Sherlock's one last time. He is sorry. Not for himself but for Sherlock. He is sorry Sherlock has to see this.
The anchorman catches my attention again, “... killed 64 of the 171 passengers. Among the survivors are daily soap star Mickey LaRouge as well as London's detective duo Sherlock Holmes and John Watson.”
Sherlock hates himself for his clumsy attempts to find comfort. Most of the time he manages to chasten himself and refrains from making his homeless network to spy on John. Ever so often he fails and asks them for videos or photographs.
Like “I’m really sick of stuff like this!”
And the nightmares … There had been a third today when he had taken a nap after lunch. It had been … In short, learning about Mary being Kate The Serial Killer had done nothing to make the dreams less horrible.
We survived.
They watched on as Sebastian stepped closer to the waking doctor. “I know you're awake, John,” they heard him whisper, leaning on him just a little too close. Sherlock unknowingly flinched at that, revealing more about his reunion with Sebastian than what he had told his brother about it. Mycroft's glance wandered to the scratch on Sherlock's hand.
My eyes fall onto the lighthouse. Built at the end of Wortleblythe's stone breakwater pier. An elegant white cylinder set on a rough cuboid. The clear blue sky in black and white. Two birds flying around it. The first thing I see every morning for nineteen weeks now. This is the most important one. The first one. Arrived just two days after he left. Silent reminder that he keeps his side of the bargain. On the back, our address written in his peculiar hand writing, neat soldier handwriting fighting chaotic doctor's handwriting. Never-ending battle. Next to the address, only one word, “Sorry”.
Back home I tell Mycroft to arrange a meeting with the next suspect as soon as possible and then I hush Team Sherlock out of 221b. Then I wait for news from the hospital.
John's face is still set on determination.
It is absurd, really, for terrible things should be accompanied by terrible noise. No one should go down silently like that. You would expect some animalistic, painful screaming, right? Plus, a victim should show a terrible reaction, like a contorted face or a body twisted in agony. No one should go down with just a slightly astounded expression on his face. The absence of drama is what will haunt Sherlock the most during the weeks that will follow.
A sharp pain brings me back to reality. Rosie (unharmed and alive of course) has pulled my hair to regain my attention. Normally we reprimand her for pulling hair but today I am glad she did. A quick look out of the window tells me we are almost home. A quick look at John tells me he is concerned about me. John concerned is almost unbearable at the moment, so I focus on Rosie instead.
Then suddenly, there is action around me. I hear Mummy's high pitched scream. Daddy shouting something. And there is John, suddenly by my side, talking to me rapidly. Can't understand what he says, but would be unable to answer anyway. He leans forward to check Mycroft's pulse. (Sees that it is too late, but has to do it anyway.)
The warm feeling inside stays for a while and after some time, John falls asleep again.
No hurt done to my body because I (gracelessly) land on my butt. But there is hurt done - to John. He stares at me unbelievingly. Then I can see more self-hatred rolling over his face in heavy waves.
“Sir,” one of the prison guards says, “we will bring your wife to her room in the internist’s ward now. There she will be officially imprisoned. If you want to talk to her before, you need to see her now.”
I know. Remember him doing that to John. Wonder if he might still be alive if he hadn't.
John was right, the photo book is fascinating.
John shook his head slightly, allowing his body to sag. “Leave me alone,” he repeated gently, more pleading now, sounding like he was too exhausted to be angry any longer. He held Mycroft's gaze for another while, then looked away, eyes down once more, wondering how broken he really appeared to be. He fell into his chair once more and didn't look up when Mycroft turned to leave. (And he didn't as much as twitch when this new mobile he kept in his trouser pocket softly vibrated to signal an incoming text.)
Christmas comes at the most inconvenient time. No matter how much I try to play it down, the  dreaded holiday comes with heavy implications of love and family and happiness. It hits John, who has always believed in the jolly season, with full force.
For now.
But John was an honourable man. No matter how long they both had been waiting for that to happen, Sherlock knew that sooner or later John's mind would stumble over the fact that he had just cheated on his wife. And who knew how he would deal with that fact. Maybe it was better to get over with it now.
Suddenly there are footsteps, running, more voices. Paramedics? They are loud and annoying and they disturb his already limited concentration. But he needs to concentrate, on breathing and on clinging to John, to his lifeguard. He feels hands, feels lateral movement, does not understand why.
Does she know how much he loves me as well?
But again, Sherlock only took a quick glance. He dutifully took a picture of it and dashed off almost instantly. While Mandini kept on talking about the historical relevance of the other people buried here, John kept an eye on his trainee. He was not showing any real interest in the crime scene any longer. Either he had already gathered everything he needed to know, or ...Well, there was no “or”, really. Was there? “Any idea who could have sent this letter?” Mandini shook his head uncomfortably: “No, there were no traces at all. Nobody has seen it being delivered either.”
I peek into it and instantly realise that I always forgot to include the Island railway in my mental images. And I got the old harbour wrong. And …
Something in his face changes, and his eyes show (concern? disappointment? sadness? I don't know.) It disappears as fast as it came.
The news tells me that it will still take days to find out why the plane fell from the sky the way it did, and all of a sudden I do not want to think about it any longer. I want to sleep, and then I want to wake up again, and then I want to go to the hospital and take John home, and then I want to pick up Rosie from the Stamfords, and then I just want to be at home with them.
He breathes out again. The sound his lungs make hurt me. His body is trembling so badly now that his teeth must be chattering. His head is growing heavier on my arm. I am still rocking him, babbling, “I love you, I love you.”
It took John a few seconds to react. When his utter surprise made space for rational thought again, he quickly took Sherlock into his arms. “I'm here,” he soothed him, “I'm here, everything's all right, I'm here!”
Sherlock tried to go through his recent memories of things they had done together, to find out if there were clues he had missed. But that didn't quite work out. It was rather annoying. The deeper his love for John grew, the more distracted he became when watching him in his mind. So instead of analysing his face for signs of dismay, he got lost in how wonderful the (lately very rare) smiles were.
When the old man from the bakery passes by I keep myself from spilling out my deduction about what the doctor told him that morning. But it must have been visible on my face for John makes the most unpleasant snorting noise through his nose.
(Fear for John's life. And for the life of his unborn child.)
To demonstrate what she means she presses it against my abdomen and -
John can be quite egoistic in that respect.
Oh. She is right.
The worst times are when he dreams of Harry, and you can see that for a second he is relieved at it being a nightmare, right before he remembers that Harry is really dead. This always breaks my heart.
It takes him forever, and I feel like bursting with anticipation. When he makes a show of slowly taking his socks off, I lose it. There is nothing elegant about the way I throw him onto the bed with my good arm. John giggles again. I can see in his eyes that I did not surprise him at all, that I am merely doing what he wanted me to do.
Short and painful. See notes at the end for important trigger warnings.
(See the end of the chapter for
John shakes his head. “I don't know,” he answers. Then he pales.
Mummy is clutching to Emilia like to a lifeline. Another lump forming inside my throat: Emilia has lost her uncle. All the jokes we made about Mycroft spying on her future boyfriends and scaring away those that are unworthy of her love. But he will never see her growing up.
There are clothes and a plastic bag waiting for me in front of my door, just like he said. I take a shower (good thing I am flexible), and get dressed (neat black suit, battle dress to make me feel safe), and have breakfast (two slices of melon and a cup of coffee. Not even John can force me to have lots of breakfast). I do not read the latest news about the crash on my mobile, ignore the latest issue of The Yorkshire Post, and also ignore the three people who had been on the plane as well.
“I am angry because of point three,” John explains, and hears Sherlock gasp in surprise.
At the kitchen counter, number six. Had frightened me when it came. The same message as always during the first ten weeks, “Sorry.” But on its front, a window of Wortleblythe's cathedral. Jesus, dying on his cross. One week passed in fear, one week of not knowing how far his depression would drive him. Only relieved when exactly one week later, one Friday later, the next postcard came. He was still carrying on.
He quickly went through his memories. Then he sighed with relief. Redbeard had really been his dog. No poor little boy killed by a psychopathic primary school girl.
Who was taking care of Rosie right now? Sherlock looked at John more closely. He had dark circles underneath his eyes and something was wrong with his hair. He was concerned, and something was wrong with his hair, and relieved. His hands were out of sign, but it must be him who was holding Sherlock's hand right now, for there was no-one else in the room.
From there it is only a small step really to finally understanding the butterflies in his stomach whenever John approaches him in the kitchen.
“He raped you three times.”
The John he sees now is unhelpful and cold, and the room Sherlock has dedicated to him looks tumbledown and dark. There are 92 different kind of tobacco ashes scattered on the ground for some reason, and the walls are pasted with printouts of comments from Twitter and tumblr, all saying “Think!” or “It's you!”. The soft violin music that usually plays John's favourite pieces is replaced by a cacophony of trumpets, trombones and timpani.
