John says, as he closes the heavy door behind him.
Sherlock kisses his neck twice, sighing again before standing up straight and kissing him properly.  They move beneath the water once more, letting it wash all evidence from their bodies and down the drain.
he’d thought.
“Mycroft.”
“Thought it may come in handy.”
per se--” I pause for effect, look down my nose at him where he’s hunched in his plastic chair.  “--and we know that nothing you say can change that, as you set those wheels in motion when you murdered two MI6 agents in a misguided attempt at escape.”
Something inside him snaps, sparks—the embers he’d been suppressing suddenly caught in the wind and roaring back to life.  John wraps one arm firmly around Sherlock's back, feeling muscles flex beneath hot skin, feeling the strength of the man as he moves—the roll of his hips like a bloody tidal wave, crashing over John and drawing him in.  He leans forward, tongue gliding wetly over each peaked nipple, revelling in the sounds that escape from somewhere deep behind beating heart and breastbone, resonating through John, feeding the flame.  John wraps his fingers firmly around Sherlock’s shaft where it stands between them, already slick and straining.  He hears himself groan helplessly when Sherlock begins a sharp thrust up into the tight ring of his fingers, hips shifting back, only to snap upward again and again.  They move together, clinging and gasping but somehow sure, steady.  Their bodies are a force, a fine-tuned machine—surging and churning as though they were always meant to move like this—have always innately known how to unite in this way.
“Sherlock Holmes!”  It’s Hal who speaks first, his absurd posh accent immediately setting my blood to boil.  “Holling Collins. You can call me Hal. I’m
The blast of the gun vibrates through my body--deep, deep, rattling my bones.  I fall back, barely catching myself and desperately pulling John down with me. “John!”  My hands scrabble at his coat. Was he hit? How did Jones even know we were there? What have I missed?
He does one of those things.
No cellar door to speak of.  At least not one visible to idiots.  I stride through each room, John at my heels, scanning corners and floorboards for a tell.  Peeking in closets, opening cupboards. Nothing looks amiss, so we head back outside. Circle the house, once, twice.  The one-car garage. Nothing.
“A bit.”
He leaves without another word, shuffling slowly up the stairs, and Martha wonders—with a sharp stab of sorrow—if after this week, she’ll ever see him again at all.
When Sherlock comes, his shouts vibrate through John like a resonant symphony—body stilling, grip tightening, then falling away all together as he sinks languidly into the bed.  When John follows, he wraps Sherlock in his arms, back arching and hips thrusting wildly as he releases a decade of tension—of longing and denial—in a single strangled shout against the shoulder of his best friend.
mad.  What he’s saying isn’t altogether unbelievable—though he’s not sure how
We get dressed, venture out to give Harry a hand.  She’s got bacon and mushrooms frying, and is whisking eggs in a bowl.  “Morning, boys,” She’s beaming. “Omelets, I thought.”
It’s been nearly a year in the making, with much assistance from Mycroft that he was thrilled (for once) to accept.  Sherlock hadn’t noticed their correspondence.  Sherlock had been grieving—he’d been adrift for months after Mrs. Hudson’s death.
But Sherlock, we—”
I arrive at Regent's Park and glance around.  I know exactly where he'll be if he's here. A creature of habit, my John.  He finds comfort in walking the same paths, covering the same ground. Day in and day out.  Helps him think, he says. Structure. Familiarity. Was always so charmed by his idiot mind, so different from my own.  Deceptively intelligent and often unpredictable. Driven by emotion, but rooted in practicality. Another thing I never thought I'd find: a perfect puzzle in human form: an enigma.  Baffling me every step of the way.
She breathes, grasping his shoulders.  “You’re serious?”  He rolls his eyes, nods once more.  “Oh my god,”  Her eyes dart to the window, where Sherlock and Rosie are doing a spectacularly bad job of spying—crouched beneath the sill, their contrasting sets of curls each perfectly visible in the light of day.  Molly bursts into laughter, throwing her arms around John’s neck and laughing some more.  “Oh my god,”  She says, again.
I started if you like my stuff.  I'm still working on that one, too, and would love to hear any and all thoughts.
And why is he so bloody warm?  The fire’s long dead, he can smell the lingering, comforting scent of it in the chilly air, his awareness beginning to sharpen (finally), always a bit bloody sluggish after—after.
My father greets John warmly, shaking his hand and patting his arm.  “Siger Holmes. Very glad to meet you, John.” He then turns to me and we exchange a solemn nod.
“Hmm?” He grabs the remote, flicks on the telly.  Scans for a bit and stops on a makeover show.
“I know that you don’t—I shouldn’t have—“
(See the end of the chapter for
It’s become routine, at this point, this indulgent display of emotion.  The moment he pulls the sheets over his body and sinks into the overly plush mattress, the grief washes over him like the tide, pulling him down deep.  He closes his eyes against the everpresent onslaught of tears, pulls a pillow to his chest, and calls on every shred of memory that he’s managed to hold onto.  He wishes, as he often does in these moments, that he had a mind palace to retreat to.
you do?”
They head back outside, Rosie making a beeline for the water.  The narrow creek runs just behind the masses of colourful flora—barely a metre wide and quite shallow—with nothing but trees visible on the other side.  The brick path splits at the back door, curving to the left toward the garage as well as straight ahead to the water, where it blooms into a small round patio of sorts.  This is where they come to a stop, watching Rosie drop down to sit cross-legged at the edge of the creek, throwing pebbles and observing with fascination the way the water ripples outward and fades away.
history.  He knows precisely what it’s like to lose the person you’re closest to, only to find that they’ve been out in the world the entire time.  He’d made sure I understood what that was like for him—what thinking me dead for several years had done to him. I feel ill even considering it, now.
I stand, holding out my hand.  He takes it without question, following me to the bedroom.  We silently strip to our pants and crawl beneath the sheets, joining in the centre of the bed.  Eyes locked on mine, he runs his palm slowly up my torso—stomach to chest, halting directly over my heart.  I love how this feels—his hands on my body. I love the explosion of senses that happens each time he touches my skin, always accompanied by a pleasant ache in my chest—and in my groin.  I’ve been dutifully ignoring the arousal he sparks in me—willing it away each time we’re close, knowing full well that he isn’t ready for that. He may never be. I’m not sure that I am either—but he has quite an effect on me.
Sherlock hadn’t corrected him.
We meet the husband--Charles--when Stella leads us to the kitchen--Minnie trailing in her wake.  “This is where we found it,” He points to a space beside a single wooden beam. He’s a bit older, early forties, with a wisp of light brown hair.  “There was a wall here. We tore it down to open the place up,” He hands me the folded piece of paper he’s been clutching. “Better feng shui, you know.”
“Sherlock,” I hear John’s voice through a thick fog of red.  He sounds alarmed. I try to call out to him.
Sherlock has been in his lab for the past hour, unpacking boxes of test tubes and flasks, placing objects on shelves, seemingly with no rhyme or reason.  John had watched him for a bit, perched quietly on the worktop as Sherlock fiddled with his microscope and carefully transferred an ongoing experiment from a box into his new posh fridge.  Eventually exhaustion had caught up with him, so John made his way outside and collapsed onto the grass.
When I stride out into the living room, I find John seated cross-legged on the couch, his nose in a book.  He glances up when I shut the door behind me.
John thinks.
John looks over at me, grinning.  “You’re dying to know. Go ahead, then.”  Oh, John. I return the grin.
do with this man.  He’s already in a position he’d never quite imagined for himself, never really one to submit.  But
“Busy.”
Fun fact:  The spontaneous human combustion case is based on an episode of Unsolved Mysteries that traumatized me in my youth.  I don't remember any details other than an image of a disembodied, high-heeled foot lying in a pile of ashes that has haunted me since the 90s.
“Look,”  What can he say, really?
“Yes,” Oh, John.  “All right, yes.”
“Rosie—“  He rasps, remembering regretfully that they have a daughter to consider.
He gives himself a moment, then pulls his t-shirt over his head, wipes his hand with it, tosses it to the floor.  Stares down at Sherlock, whose eyes are closed, hair a tangled mess, clearly well on his way to sleep.
I sigh.  “She had a brief infatuation.  In fact, Molly’s known of my feelings for you for ages.”  A disbelieving look. I shrug. “She said as much. Said she sees me.  She really does, too--she knew that something was off that day--it’s what lead to me asking for her assistance.  Molly’s a good friend, John.”
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
T̡͈̗̖̦̗͖̲͍͉̝̭̝̄̄͒̿̓̾̅͗͊̄̉̚͘͘͜͜͢͡͡h̛͙ì̲͓́s̨̢̖͇̥̹̘͚̩͚̭̗͔̱̦̥̈́̑̾́̾̉͑́̿̈́̑̆͆̑̚̕͟͠ͅ ̧̧̱͍̯̦̭͖̥̰̝͕͙̟̟̪̗̪̬̪̦̜͗͒̌̇̅̿̏̊͂̃̋̈̌̔̎̇̒̾̐̏͋̐̕͘͟ͅć̡̡̹̦͈̮̹͙̻̹̜͉̭̫̤͚̬̩̝̜͇̜̜͙͓̝̉̂̀̈́̏̿̇̌͂̌̅͛̓̆̔̈̿̏͛̕̕͞͡͠͝ͅh̢̛̹̥̦̱̘̻̦̲̻͔͔͍̭̙͖̪͈̟͑͒͋̔̄́̔̋͒̈́̆̃̆̃̀̃͘͟͡͡ͅã̛͇̯̹͈͖̮̩͚̞̳͓̺͚͔̺̟͇͗͋̇̇̀̒̅̉̆̈̏̐̕̚͢͡͞p̘̝̘̑̀̚t̡̢̢̧̛͍̩̩̳͔͕̺̺͙͕̺͍̓̃͐̌̀̋̏̑̏͂̀͗̀̕͢͞ͅe̠͙̱͍͙͛̒͛͌̓͟͜͡r̺̘̰̙͍͉̺̉͐̾̓̊̀̎͢͠ ̧̧̤̫̦͚̗͚̘͉͇̘̻͍̣̝̮̳̯͕̘̰̻̘̟̠̇̉͂̔̽͛̀̐̇͂͆͛̽̊̆̿̔͊̃̌͘̕͠͝͞i̡̩͖̠̬̱͕̫͑̎̊̐̈̃̄̈́̕͢͢͞ͅs̨̧̬̻͉̟̱͚̫̗̲̞͍̜͓͉̞͌̓̐̂̀̐̇̓̓̅̌̏̇̍̕̕͢͞͝ͅ ̨͇͈̪̣͎̰̣̱̲̌̎̽̌̿̊͗͐̚ç̠̞͍̜̣͔̼̤͖̱̜̫̄͛̅̈́͛̃̓̔̍̾̄̽͛̋͢͢ư̢̨̲̹͍͍̹̮̼͈̦̗͓̜̝̤̬̲̩͔̗̰̠̝̝̽̐̋̽̋̈͆̎͋̆̊͋̃͌͌̃͗̿͗̒̚͠r̡̧̛͍̪̮͇̖̪̦̟͕̭̪̋̍̇́̓̊̓̏̊̎͟͡s̨̡̲͙̝̗̩̹̻̜͆͗̄̈̈͆̂̋͌̚͠ͅͅė̡̩̳̤̥̰̦̭̥̮͔͖̼̣̭̦̯̜̎͋̑̂͗͐̀͐̄͗͊͋̽͐͌̉̕͜͟͡͠d̨̢͍̺̟̩͖̬̥̣̘̗̮̤̾͗̔̄̔̏͋͑̉̄̚͜͠
Relentless with this blissful, leisurely grind, he begins to suck lightly on the flesh of my neck.  I let slip a long, low moan, feeling every muscle in my body relax as all blood flows down, down, straight to my hardening cock.  I am weightless, floating, helpless beneath him as he writhes against me, sets me on
He’s laughing and chatting jovially with the others—Hal’s hand grasping his shoulder as if they were old friends.  I freeze—Ben looking back questioningly—as John glances up, eyes meeting mine. They widen—surprise, guilt and regret all on full display.  What has he done? And then, a silent plea.
.  He says nothing of last night.  Asks nothing of my tears. Just brushes back my hair and lies still in my arms.
“You know, there are standard questions I ask every time I meet a patient for the first time.”
“But there’s a lot of speculation,”  Danny speaks up. “I’m sure you can imagine.  No one really knows—has
A gasp—
beautiful—stunning really.  A lean, pale canvas of soft skin, scattered with scars that represent a lifetime of close-calls and a fragility that’s been carefully hidden from the world.
, and when John pushes lightly on the weathered wooden door, it swings inward easily.  He pulls me inside, pushes it shut, and suddenly we’re in a world of our own.
I lean forward and kiss him lightly.  “All right,” Trail my fingertips down his jawline. “Let’s go for a stroll, shall we?”
Bit cryptic.
“You both deserve this.  And John—you forget, I think, what he was like,”  She pauses, carefully selecting her words.  “You’ve always seen the good in him, from the very start.  But he’s been rather—unkind—throughout his life.  Thoughtless, maybe, is the word.  Selfish.  I’m sure people gave him plenty of reasons not to trust them, but—”  She sighs, rolling back to stare up at the sky.  “Before you, he was an island.  Cold and aloof.  Self-serving and rude.  And now look at him,”  She turns her head to grin at John.  “Look at this place.  It’s like a bloody shrine to everything you are to him.  Warmth and strength and stability—it’s so lovely, John,”  She squeezes his arm, where her hand still rests.  “I know that you—
losing a friend—especially to suicide—and
He places a lingering kiss on the corner of Sherlock’s mouth, then pulls his soft upper lip gently between his own.  John’s tongue drifts along the inner edge, dips in slightly and pauses to listen to the quickening breath, the thrumming heart of the man beneath him.  He falls back until they’re side by side, face to face, holds Sherlock’s head in his hands and deepens the kiss.  He feels suddenly desperate, every last word of gratitude, of love and profound appreciation that he’d spoken aloud earlier rising rapidly to the surface.  He’s painfully aware that he could never fully convey everything he needs this impossible, beautiful man to know—all that John wants him to understand, to feel.
“Not actually pissed,”  He mumbles, glaring at her and heading for the door.  He really doesn’t seem to be, though she notes a slight limp that hasn’t been there in nearly two years.  She meets Aoife’s eye and nods her thanks, then follows him outside, shivering in the bitter February air.
I give him a nod.  All instincts are telling me to be annoyed, bored.  A dinner party? Tedious. But as I drop my eyes back to the paper in my hands, I can’t quite contain my grin.
Really?  When, then, did he stop being bothered by others’ faulty perceptions of him?  He certainly used to care—quite a bit, actually. If I had a penny for every time I heard the words
John hesitates outside the last door at the end of the hall, listening to the giggles still drifting through the doorway to his left—the two great loves of his life, behaving like idiots for the fun of it.  Sherlock has always had a bit of a playful side, but he’d worked hard not to show it too much, determined to make the world take him seriously.  He let it out around John from time to time—giggling together in quiet corners of crime scenes and teasing each other relentlessly around the flat—but the presence of Rosie has certainly brought him out of his shell.  Peas in a pod, the two of them.  John smiles at their continued laughter, steels himself and pushes open the door.
Is what I’d like to ask—is what I’ve been asking myself for over half a year—but I’d rather not put him on the spot.  He sighs, dropping his head back to stare at the sky.
to happen.  Are we ready for this?  I don’t know. I want it—of that I am certain.
misguided notion in his head all these years?  I hardly knew her. Admittedly, no one—aside from Moriarty, obviously—had ever caught my attention quite so thoroughly.  I was fascinated by her intellect and how she chose to wield it—her provocative world was so foreign to me, at the time. But the excessive flirtation between us was only part of the game.  She was accustomed to men eating out of the palm of her hand—then turning on them the moment she had something to hold over their heads. But she had failed to seduce me.
it,” Lestrade slams his hand down on the table, causing Molly to jump. “I bloody well knew it.  What the bollocksing hell took you so long?”
I’ve never seen two people so smitten.  Besides the two of you,” He winks. I roll my eyes.  Idiot.
Eventually, they both loosen their grasp and John takes a moment to swipe at his eyes.
“But—”  He clears his throat, eyes a bit wet.  “For that long?” God, he really never knew.  I suppose it helps to explain his harsh reaction when I’d finally told him.  Yes, for that long. Obviously, for that long. He’s had my heart from the beginning—there was something about him from the start.  But it had grown, over time.
“Oh that’s rich.  Go on then, what is it?  Water your plants while you’re away?  Need me to—”
We rise at half eight, and he heads to make coffee and stale toast while I shower.  We really must do the shopping today. I meet Dr. Fleischman at ten, and I’m more than a bit wary of walking into such a situation while I’m raw and wrecked.  Nothing for it, though. Times like these are the reason I’m doing this. Can’t put all of my distress and grief on John’s shoulders alone.
different we are—but it only makes us a more dynamic team.
They have a forever and a someday, and eventually they’ll have
But no, she couldn’t.  She can’t.
Eventually I break away to retrieve a flannel and clean us up.  John rolls over and I slide up behind him, our bodies slotting together like two halves of a whole.  The clock on the bedside table tells us that it’s just after midnight. We have much to do in the morning, so we settle in to sleep.  I press my lips to the back of his neck—a now familiar form of goodnight.
"You think so?" Doubt written all over his face.
always been true.  He’d been a fool to doubt it.
“Well, we rent this house on the coast every year in Bodega Bay,”  He tilts his head, indicating the barman. “Adam and me, and a few friends.  Two of them just bailed—we wanted to invite you guys if you’re into that sort of thing,”  Adam nods, before hurrying down the bar to refill someone's pint. Unsure what
“Well yeah, John.  Why do you think—I mean you call him your
“John—”
—is long overdue.
“Yes,”  John sighs.  More silence.  Something bites inexorably at the back of his mind—a visceral prickle, a well-entrenched sense.  He can feel words being held back, can hear the hesitance in Sherlock’s slightly unsteady breathing. “What is it?”
“Mm,”  Sherlock hums, and John can feel the amused smirk against his temple.  “Ran out of time.”
.  He stares for a long moment, formulating his response.  Then, slowly, he drops his mug on the coffee table and turns his body toward me, knocking the blanket carelessly to the floor.  He brings his hands to my biceps and pushes me back, back until I’m lying down, eyes wide and waiting—
I wake up at the first stirrings of dawn.  The sun still firmly tucked out of sight, the darkness the exact shade of my collapsed, decaying heart.  Bit melodramatic, that. May still be a bit drunk. When did I become so poetic? I blame you, John.
down into me.  His arms move up to clutch my shoulders, his full weight above me, hips lifting and lowering.
John's string of texts was inspired by the scene in The Office (US) where Jim is spending a bunch of time stuck in his head, being down on himself and minimizing his feelings for Pam, and then listens to his voicemail to find she's left him like twelve adorable messages throughout the day.  Ah, love.
No one mentions the distinct absence that’s felt throughout the room—but after dinner, John serves tea from her cherished old tea pot.  It was
We stride into the Rainbow, side by side, at nine twenty-three.  Our eyes are immediately drawn to the stage, where a small woman with short blonde hair is belting out a ballad that I’m not familiar with.  She’s good. Very good, actually. Perhaps this won’t be quite the trainwreck I was imagining.
It’s been seventeen days, and he’s still here.  Sherlock intends to do what it takes to keep it that way.
For John, at least, it isn’t enough.
“Hello,”  He breathes softly, peering up at me with sleepy blue eyes.
in the style of Cyndi Lauper ♪
for you, John.  He’s still waiting.  And what are you doing?”  John is aware that his mouth is hanging open stupidly, brow pinched and eyes betraying precisely how irritated he is by this blunt outburst from his most timid friend.  He
“Greg,”  John laughs.  He scoops the soft bit of fabric up to look at the tag.  “You’re a terrible liar.  And you’ve picked one in my size,”  He adds, folding it neatly and setting it back on the shelf.  “You’re only buying this to be contrary,”  Sherlock ignores this.
(See the end of the chapter for
much, much worse.  And as Harry has smoked every last one of her friends down to the filter, it seems that this responsibility now falls on John.  He’s found a rehab clinic in Leeds that can take her in six days—now five.  And this time, she’s agreed to go.
When we tumble in to bed, it’s with heavy lids and light hearts.  We meet in the middle and slip swiftly into sleep, safely encircled in each other’s arms.
“Mm?” It could be nice to speak to someone else about this—and Molly has been an incredible friend to him ever since Rosie entered their lives.  Surely Sherlock wouldn’t mind her knowing—he adores her, truly.  Everything had become so much easier between them once she and Greg found their way to one another—Sherlock was able to let go of the guilt and discomfort he’d felt in her presence at last.  And perhaps she has some insight—after all, her situation isn’t so dissimilar from his.  She and Greg had been friends for years—had watched from a distance as each of their attempted relationships (and in Greg’s case, marriage) failed—always something there between them, but never properly acknowledged.  Their time had finally come about a year and a half ago, and they’d quickly found that they shared
“Why?  What are you afraid of, exactly?” I let out a long breath, staring down at him.  At this man that I’ve loved for so long. Are my fears really relevant, with him?  They might be. I really don’t know what I’m doing. There’s always a risk. But he loves me, too.  Emboldened by this thought, I take a deep breath, and decide on honesty.
“Hi,”  He breathes, the hesitant greeting lost in an abrupt boom of voices around them.
,”  Molly insists, watching him closely.  Too closely.  John swallows.  “And he does want it.  You.  Your affection.  You idiot,”  Her words have no bite, a small smile on her lips.  John swallows again, his throat gone dry and his tongue devoid of words.  He unlocks his phone, glances down, searching for a distraction—an escape from this deluge of emotional upheaval, but all he finds is a text from Sherlock.
Tears stream down John’s cheeks and land on my own.  He doesn’t like to hear of my being alone, afraid. I fear that his anger may resurface, being forced to recall the fact that I didn’t bring him with me.  That he was here, helpless, thinking me dead. I know he understands now, why it had to happen—but I also can plainly see how much this hurts him. It’s breaking his heart.
“Oblivious git,”  Sherlock mutters, tilting his head to stare up at John, smiling as five fingers wind their way into his hair.
Bringing his other hand up to Sherlock’s cheek, John holds his head between each palm and presses his reverence into familiar warm skin, inhaling the heady scent of the man in front of him.  His lips move languidly from brow, forehead, cheekbone, eyelid, to softly panting mouth, lingering in each spot, taking his time.  Whenever he does this—nearly every night that they’ve been together—Sherlock just stills and allows it to happen.  Closes his eyes, sighs and breathes as John kisses a path over his pliant face.  Perhaps he’s remembering that first time, in the garden—tearing down the last of their barriers with his lips, showing him exactly what he feels and what he knows they could be.  Should be.  Are.
“We’re going to breakfast in about an hour if you want to join.  No pressure,” He says, with a wink. He sets the tray of coffee on the bedside table and retreats back into the hall.
John knows that he would follow Sherlock anywhere.  He knows full well that he would walk with him to the ends of the bloody Earth.  Still, he’s managed to work himself into a bit of a tizzy while pondering the sort of home the man might deem appropriate to raise a child in.  He can’t help but recall everything about 221B that really wasn’t working anymore—all of the things he’d been ignoring, had always ignored, that Sherlock never did see as a problem.
“Please,”  I don’t mind at all.  I liked the man instantly—his matter-of-fact demeanor and his ability to be unapologetically himself.  We could learn a thing or two from him. He pulls up a stool to John’s right, the barman immediately setting what appears to be a gin and tonic down in front of him.
“No, we—ah—“  Does Molly know that he’s bought them a cottage?  Doubtful.  Sherlock does love the element of surprise, surely he hasn’t bothered to tell their friends—hadn’t even told John until yesterday.  May as well fill her in.  “Well, we’re moving, actually.  Thought we ought to get a jump on it, maybe start bringing some of our things to the new—“
Perhaps we’re making up for lost time.
my family,” I hiss, leaning back in my chair and glaring at him.  “We all see it that way—have for ages—
“All right,”  Why not? Perhaps we can question them about Hal’s comings and goings while we’re too far away for him to catch a whiff of our inquiries.  Surely getting to know the rest of this town’s characters will be beneficial to the case. John smirks, then spins around on his stool to resume his place leaning easily against me.  Feeling bold, I wrap my arms around his shoulders, let my chin rest on the crown of his head. His hands immediately come up to grip my arms where they lie across his chest.
What are you on about, John?  I grab the drinks and head into the living room.
is he reading my mind now as well?  I stomp into the kitchen, snatch up the phone.
John and I wake several hours later.  We shower (separately), dress, and head downstairs.  We’re greeted with a scene of domesticity not unlike our own.  My father sits at the table, newspaper in one hand and a cup of tea in the other, while my mother flits around him, frying sausages and whisking eggs.
Finally, John speaks.
“The previous owners left it behind,”  Sherlock says without preamble, startling John out of his stunned observations.  “With a bit of convincing.  Evidently they’d gotten it from a butcher shop that had been shut down after being the site of a gruesome murder,”  He explains with unrestrained glee.  John stares at the slab of wood—nearly two feet thick and twice as wide in both directions.  It sits on four short, sturdy legs, its surface marred with many deep indentations—lines and grooves formed from decades of slicing and hacking away at cuts of meat.  Apparently, some of it of the human variety.  He smiles internally at the thought of Sherlock hearing that tale and doing whatever it took to acquire the piece.  “They allowed me to purchase these as well,”  He adds, nodding toward the two brown leather chesterfields that sit perpendicular to one another in front of an enormous red brick fireplace that sprawls across the opposite wall.  John walks slowly toward the sofas, tugging Rosie along with him.  He runs his palm over the soft leather, feeling a bit dazed and dropping Rosie’s hand as she walks around to the front and climbs up onto the cushion.  “I thought they quite suited us,”  Sherlock says, approaching to stand at John’s side.  “And our chairs will go nicely just here,”  He gestures toward the empty space, clearly left intentionally to allow their beloved chairs to be placed fireside.
None of his waking fantasies are overtly sexual.  He knows that Sherlock wouldn’t want that—wouldn’t appreciate John thinking of him in that way.  And anyway, that isn’t the point.  It was never about sex.  While his dreams may disagree, the conscious version of John dwells only on the comfort they could have found in each other.  They could have had this.  He knows they could’ve.  Sherlock had wanted this, too.
“You didn’t tell him about the thing, did you?”  Sherlock asks, tilting his head in Molly’s general direction.  She giggles knowingly.
“Not doubts,” He says quietly, wanting to get this right.  “Not at all,” He turns around to look up at him properly, taking both of his hands and squeezing tightly when he sees the slight unease etched across his face.  “It’s just hit me that I don’t know what you want—what you expect from me moving forward.  I want to know your boundaries so I don’t overstep,”
John wrenches his arm from Harry’s attempted grasp.
Caught me a bit off guard with that one.  I furrow my brow, unsure how to proceed. Perhaps this is how it is now.  Constantly haunted by the woes of our past. Thrown for a loop by an offhand comment here, an innocent question there--John interrupts this melancholy train of thought by sliding over and leaning against my side.  Drops his head to my shoulder.
John’s standing appointment with Ella is for today as well.  Every Tuesday at eleven sharp. We hail a cab and venture there together: two damaged men on a path toward improvement.
I stride into the diner at precisely twelve o’clock  with an air of confidence that I do not feel. I haven’t slept—spent the night abusing my violin and pacing around the flat—in fact, I can’t recall the last time I got more than an hour or two at all.  I scan the nearly empty restaurant—there never seems to be anyone here—and see no sign of him. Nevermind. He’ll be here soon. I head straight for our usual booth and settle in to wait.
John and I escape at half ten to go off and explore the Penarth town centre on our own.  We peruse the shelves of a used book store, scan the aisles of the local record shop. Spend nearly an hour at a vintage store, laughing and deducing the past lives of all the oddities we come across.
“What’s he said, then?”  She hoists her other foot up to rest beside the injured one and shimmies until she’s settled in.  John shakes his head.  Not a chance he’s sharing this.  “Come on, out with it.”  He sighs.  Still no, but—
“I don’t want his money, Mycroft.  I haven’t touched it.  I won’t.  Two months rent and a security deposit, to be paid back in full within the year.  That’s what I’m asking for.  I’ve applied at a clinic in Camberwell and have an interview Monday morning.  Not sure how you’ve missed that—thought you’d’ve studied my bloody browser history.  Sarah’s got a friend there who’s certain they’ll hire me on.  I just need to—I’ve got to get out of there,”  He’s a bit worked up.  Greg doesn’t blame him for wanting to get out.  That flat is all Sherlock—he’s everywhere, in every corner of the place.  Inescapable.
Ridiculous.
I haven’t slept.  Haven’t been able to quiet my mind.  Once the sobs faded and I could breathe again, I began to consider every facet of this new development and what it will mean for us.  I spent the night compiling mental lists of questions that will need to be addressed, playing out all possible scenarios for the future of our relationship, whatever it may become.  I know that I’m getting ahead of myself, but this is the way that I am. I want to know what’s next—need to know what this changes for us. But I’m hesitant to break this temporary calm that we’ve found together.
is what you said,”  I remember. This is a one-way flight, after all.  “The word got stuck in my head. I thought of how it would be, not knowing when you’d return.
to accompany me on an overpriced, embarrassingly excessive date?”
“We met through a mutual friend, who knew that we were both in search of a flatmate,” I begin.  As the words leave my lips, I realize that I’ve never actually spoken them aloud. This is a tale that’s been turned over in my mind—dissected and studied—for over a decade, and now someone’s finally asked me to tell it.  “I was in the lab, working on a case, when John walked in. I knew the moment I saw him that we’d be in each other’s lives for a very long time,” I feel him lean on me a bit, though it’s likely just for show. I continue, ignoring my quickening heartbeat.  “We met at the flat the next day, and he fit there, right away. Fit into my life. Each time I revealed something about myself that repels the general public, he accepted it. Accepted me,” John slides his hand into mine, where it rests between us on the bench.  Laces our fingers together as if this were common practice for us. Startled, I look at him. This isn’t for show. They can’t see this. He squeezes my hand, his expression a bit intense. We stare at each other for a moment, then remembering where I am, I clear my throat and continue.  “I was a bit lost—we both were, I think—when we found each other. He changed everything for me,” My audience of two sits silently across from us, on the other side of this round booth. I don’t look at them, can’t look at John either. I hadn’t expected this little trip to our past to bring so much up for me.
I tell him, too, of night after night spent alone and in fear.  Of lying awake holding conversations with him in my head, reminding myself why I’m doing this.  Of letting the days go by, existing half in my mind—straddling reality, wandering lost through a thick, horrible haze.  Eliminating all obstacles and continuing on, only so that I’d be able to return to him one day.
“No,”  He says, standing frozen in place as Sherlock approaches, not missing the fact that he's already quite hard.  “Definitely not,”  Long fingers tug at his waistline and he rolls his eyes, stepping out of his own rather filthy pants and letting himself be maneuvered into the shower.
“What, all day?  Has he got a case on?”
“All right, John—”
I'll post details in a note at the bottom if you want to know what happens before you read.
touched—that much is clear.  It’s clear in the way he responds to each caress, each slide of tongue, each tug of fingers in his hair—it’s
, infiltrate my nose.  Lips on my temple, now.  “Good morning,” A whisper.  I turn toward his voice and pull the duvet over our heads.  He laughs. Tucks himself under my arm and nestles against my chest—hand on my heart, lips wet against my neck.  He mouths the sensitive skin there, glides his tongue across my tingling flesh. I shiver, snake my arm around, down and grab a handful of his arse—pull our bodies flush together and smile when he gasps.
A fun one.  ♡
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m sorry,” He whispers.  “I’m sorry.”
“You didn’t tell me,”  John says quietly, eyes wide.  When did Sherlock begin doing unbelievably thoughtful, massively selfless things without letting anyone know what he was up to?  The answer to that fleeting question slams into John with the force of a rooftop fall and two subsequent years of misery.  He carefully maneuvers Rosie’s sleeping form from his lap to the sofa beside him, then slides along the leather cushion until he and Sherlock are pressed together thigh to thigh, wrapping the man’s nearest hand in both of his own.  “It’s a brilliant idea,”  John adds, watching relief begin to bloom across Sherlock’s sharp features.  Did he think that John would object?
“Can I ask you something?”  John tears his eyes guiltily from where they’ve been lingering across the room to meet Molly’s inquiring gaze.  She’s snuck up on him—intentionally, no doubt—and he’s pretty sure he knows exactly what comes next.  She’s got him cornered and undoubtedly wants to know if Lestrade has mentioned her tonight.  She’s developed quite a crush, and John can’t help but be secretly relieved that her attentions have
“Is it what I think it is, then?”  Her tone is carefully controlled, a stark contrast to her usual rather endearing stream of nonsense.  John crosses his arms, staring down at the water.
I’ll always regret the things I’ve done—how I’ve treated you when it could have been this,”  He tilts his head up and kisses him, soft and sure.  Sherlock responds instantly, sliding his hands to the small of John’s back, pulling him in and wrapping him up.  Sherlock kisses without inhibition—candid and honest and John could drown in it if he let himself—
“It will if you want it to,”  He meets her eye now, and she stares back unflinchingly.  “You have to want it to,”  He’s oversimplifying.  They both know it.  Alcoholism is a disease, a dependence, not simply a choice.  But choice is part of it.  Most of it, maybe.  For their entire lives, they’d watched their bored, miserable father refuse to choose sobriety over and over again.  Harry says nothing, only closes her eyes and hugs the pillow closer to her chest.
“No,”  He breathes, dipping his head until his lips meet the soft shell of John’s ear.  He needs him to hear this, to believe it.  “You haven’t.  I want you with me, John—always—I don’t care about the past,”  With John’s heaving body in his arms, John’s fingertips digging urgently into the small of his back, John’s tear streaked face pressed into his neck—tangible, indisputable proof that they both feel this devastating pull, that Sherlock hasn’t gone entirely mad—he utters a series of words he never thought he’d speak aloud to another human being.  “I
It’s funny, or perhaps not funny at all, how right it feels to hold Sherlock in his arms.
“No?”  He manages, searching John’s face for a rejection that doesn’t seem to be there.
My thoughts drift briefly to Mycroft.  I wonder if we could have this with him.  John and Harry have had years of conflict, and yet here we all are--a little family of misfits.
I won’t do this to myself.  Abruptly I stand up, pulling my arm back and nearly tripping over the heavy stool in my haste to get away.  A horrible scraping sound against the concrete floor as I shove it out of my path and flee, ignoring John’s protests and not looking back.
John might stop.  That he might move away or leave entirely.
We thank them and head back toward the idling cab.  No use hanging around, we’ll return after dark and stake the place out.  They’ll warn him we’ve stopped by, if they haven’t already. Can hardly knock on his door now.
by The Books ♪
They’d held each other for an age, there in the sand, and by the time they’d carefully untangled themselves—groggy and wrung out but feeling somehow lighter for it—Sherlock wasn’t sure which tears were John’s and which were his own.  There had been hastily wiped cheeks, creaking knees as they pulled each other up, and the soft swish of sand being brushed from clothing as they made their way back up the winding path to the car park.
“We should go,”  He startles at John’s words, whispered against the shell of his ear, and lifts his head carefully to glare at him.  John is smiling dopily—Sherlock had nearly forgotten that he’s rather pissed as well—and the pub that had been bustling only moments ago is now nearly empty.  “You drifted off for a bit there.  Pub is closing.  Time to go.”
world, want his focus on me—so I crawl into his lap, bury my face in his t-shirt—arms snaking around his back to pull him in.  He huffs, carefully placing the book on the couch beside us and running his fingers through my hair. He says nothing, only continues to card through my curls, his other hand coming around to scratch lightly up and down my back.  After a few minutes of this, he slips his hand beneath my shirt, continuing the soft scrape of his fingernails against my skin. It feels incredible—intimate—his cool hand brushing lightly against my flesh. It’s comforting, being held like this.  To be able to turn to him in a moment of frustration and receive only consolation and calm in response—I never dared dream that such a thing was possible for us.
“Married to his work,” he mumbles, instead.  “He’s—that’s what he said.  First day we ever met.  As I said, not an option.”  She glares back at him, all exasperated annoyance.
“I’ve already texted Molly,”  His left hand drifts down John’s neck, over his shoulder—kneading gently into muscle.
“Yeah all right,” He says, eventually, smile fading but eyes still alight.  “I’m starving.”
“John?”  Mycroft looks rather puzzled, lifting an eyebrow when he sees both our faces on the screen.  “And Sherlock. To what do I owe—”
there as well?  Interesting,” Tosses back my phone.  “You gave him your number?” I scowl.
“It’s the same for me, John,” He breathes across his lips before leaning back, running a palm over his forehead, brushing the silver fringe back and away from his face.  “Stop brooding, it’s useless.  Look at us.”
“I know,” John says quietly.
We join everyone else in the living room, hopping into their discussion of Lestrade’s latest murder.  John and I have decided not to work with the Met for the time being. I know that no good will come of it—although we do get the occasional text from Lestrade, begging us to read over the files.  We do, and we’ve helped him solve a few from a distance. We’ve stayed busy with client cases—tracking down stolen heirlooms and missing family members, carefully sidestepping anything that involves considerable risk.  It’s been good.
“No proof, and yet she’s given up.  She’s let go.”
Well that’s—
“Thank you for having us,”  I say as we make our way inside.  The house is minimally decorated—Scandinavian aesthetic—and
that it’s a problem.  He knows that he’d been mad to question Sherlock’s loyalty at this point.  Irrational.  The man has proven time and time again that he isn’t going anywhere, and yet—
as I push steadily back in.  Again, repeat, again, again. The sounds slipping from John’s lips hang in the air around us—heavy, hot,
“Yes those small, square boxes surely contain a set of umbrellas.  Brilliant as ever,” I smirk and unceremoniously tear the paper off of the first, nearly weightless box—lift the lid to find two British passports, one for each of us.  I raise my eyebrows, genuinely pleased. The process can take weeks—mine was lost ages ago (although I have several under various aliases), and John’s is expired. I had planned on calling in another favor with Mycroft anyway.  Of course he already knows that we’ve planned a trip abroad. He always knows.
Something has fallen into place between us—irreversibly, I think.  A certain confidence in one another that we didn’t have before—I can feel it, and I can see it in his fearless gaze.  Everything that we’ve just communicated through lips and fingertips told us all that we needed to know. We’re in this together, now.  We’re both here because we want to be.
Saturday morning.  I awaken before John, finding him curled around my back, arm wrapped tight around my waist, even in sleep.  Peaceful. It’s quiet moments like this that nearly knock the breath out of me. A heady combination of relief, gratitude, adoration--love, I suppose, is the word for it--too much to contain, and nowhere to put it all.
I startle myself back to consciousness with a sudden burst of panic.  It takes me a moment to regain my bearings—still slumped atop John, arms pinned beneath him, my now soft cock has slipped out of his body.  Oh,
“No, nothing like that.”
“Yes, I’d expected as much.”
He rests his hands tentatively on the small of Sherlock’s back, and when he’s met with no resistance, tightens his arms into a proper embrace.  He buries his face and sighs against soft silk.  He allows himself to feel some sort of relief—takes the time to appreciate the depth of this gesture, the profundity of this, of the intimacy Sherlock is suddenly seeking.
THANK YOU FOR READING
“What the
And obviously, so am I.  “But I remember that time, Sherlock,”  I’m sure that he does. I had shut him out entirely, for
“Male pronouns.  Thanks for asking,” He says matter of factly as he unabashedly strips off the sequin dress and pulls on a pair of jeans.  “I was paid handsomely to relay some information to you. Was told I’d find a tall drink of British water lurking around tonight, and here you are.  So you’re looking for Hal?” I raise an eyebrow. Hal? Perhaps I am. Not entirely sure what it is that I’m looking for. Ben notes my confusion and laughs—a deep rumble.  “You look lost.”
Looking at John now, he knows that he has to make the decision on his own.  He’s been trudging along for months now, maybe waiting for things to get better, waiting for the constant flood of pain to begin to recede.  Seems it’s only gotten worse.  That’ll happen.  The thing about death is it’s quite permanent, and last night must have been a bad one if it’s triggered all this.
“So—what?”  He’s angry now.  She’s managed to ruffle his feathers.  I loosen my grip on his hand, moving instead to squeeze his shoulder.  He leans back into the touch, a bit of tension leaving the muscles beneath my palm, but he isn’t finished asking questions.  “Your plan was to sit back and watch the three of us destroy each other?”
Adrenaline is positively gushing through my veins.  The case closed with a confession, sure (boring) but still.  Solved. Case closed, game over. Nice try, Mrs. Chambers. You can outwit the Met but you can’t outwit me.
“Not quite,”  I say, a hint of condescension in my tone.  He’s gotten it all wrong. He knows me better than anyone, and he believes that I’d—what?  Fall to pieces if I’d known that it was Irene behind this infuriating case? That I won’t be able to handle it if she struts back into our lives?  I understand that his motive was to protect me, but he has entirely missed the mark. “You’re the only one who’s ever managed to accomplish that,” His face falls.  I hadn’t intended to sound quite so bitter. We’re in a good place, now. We’re finding our way. But he did break my heart.
Mary had gone out with friends last night, and stayed out when the rest of them went home. Not unusual for her to do, they all claimed.  CCTV footage from the bank across the street showed exactly which flat she’d spent the night in, and the man who resided there was an ex boyfriend of hers, David Evans.  He gave a statement claiming that Mary spending the night was a common occurrence, and that he had no information on her death. Notes stated that he appeared devastated by the loss.  He was released. No information on the sniper has been uncovered.
he glances around, a bit paranoid—expecting to see eyes on them, listening in on this rambling lecture.  But no one is paying any attention.  The bar is packed—it’s New Year’s Eve, after all—and really rather loud.
He rises, shuffling toward the windows and beginning to unceremoniously yank the drapes closed.  The sun is beginning to set, but there’s still plenty of late-afternoon light spilling into the room.  Once the heavy fabric is secured, he glances around the sitting room, satisfied with the relative darkness but anticipating the chill that’ll be seeping in soon.  He builds a fire, hoping that the smell of it doesn’t send Sherlock over the edge.  When he gets no reaction whatsoever, he counts it as a win.
Once outside the warm cocoon of the pub however, John feels the giddy confidence begin to fade, bitten from his skin by the frigid January air.  He stops on the pavement beneath the soft glow of a streetlight, turns to Sherlock, glancing up at him anxiously.  The face that meets him is equally unsure—grey eyes searching his own for a clue about what comes next.  John smiles, hesitantly.
“I—Molly—“
“There’s something else,”  I say, watching his brow furrow slightly.  I’ve put this off, but now we’re in the final hours of Christmas, and it’s time I inform him of his gift.  It’s for me, too, really. For the both of us. “I’d like to travel with you, John. Outside of England. I thought Morocco, first.  Marrakech,” His eyes widen again, a small smile playing at the corners of his lips. “End of January. Two weeks there.”
So how did it end up here?  A question for another time.
I breathe.  Yes to anything, to everything.  “Yes,” I say, again, and I kiss him.
He turns to meet amused grey eyes, smiling at what he sees there.
than that, and the word feels lacking.  But it’s the best he’s got, until—until.  An abrupt wave of giddy anxiety swells within John’s chest at the thought of
“Mm, not sure.  Flash drives, really?  Sounds like the plot to one of your witless mystery novels.” I smirk and glance at him without turning my head.
It’s all out there now.
Donovan and another officer I’ve either never met or have since deleted are standing outside the room.  They look up as we approach. “What’s the plan here, Freak? We’ve been at it for hours and haven’t gotten a single word from the man.”
(See the end of the chapter for
When our cab rolls up to the kerb out front, I must admit it’s a sight to behold.  Quite gothic--a massive brick structure at the top of a long, broad set of steps--all towers and turrets and steeply sloped gables.  Like the setting of a horror film. Well done, John.
“I love you, too, John,”  He rumbles, moving to lie back against his chest.  “Even if you do happen to be plagued with an artless, ineffectual brain.”
“Have you got an address?” She nods, stands.  Fishes around in the top drawer of a bureau and pulls out a small purple address book.
“Oh?  Why’s that, then?”
“No,”  He interrupts, eyes fierce, determined.  I wait. “I regret my reaction—before. To everything you said to me.  I didn’t handle it well,” Oh. So he’s here to clear the air. My misguided words have been haunting him as well.
It feels incredible to be pressed against another man, to be engulfed in his large, slick hand.  The sensations are glorious, but it’s the knowledge of who he’s with that nearly turns John inside out each time they come together like this.  The emotion that roars through him, crashing against his ribcage and flooding outward to awaken each limb, body buzzing and alive.  He wonders when this will stop feeling surreal—if it will ever stop feeling like an impossible gift.  He hadn’t known that sex could be like this—could feel like this.  He wasn’t aware that these ordinary actions could become so
“John?”
--cut around the lid, one small segment at a time.  Now we watch from above, waiting with bated breath.
“I’m pregnant,”  She tells John and Sherlock in a hushed tone as they refill everyone’s glasses in the kitchen.  There’s a brief moment of stunned silence, and then they somehow both have her in their arms at once, her wet giggles muffled by the fabric of Sherlock’s shirt.  “Three months along.  I’ve wanted to tell you both, but it didn’t seem quite real yet,”  She pulls a folded piece of paper from the pocket of her dress.  “Here—”  An ultrasound photo.  Real, indeed.  God, she’s beaming.  They know of Molly’s love of children.  They see it all the time with their own daughter.
“He did it for us,”  John croaks, removing his hands from his pockets to hover fisted at his sides once more.  “He did it to save
“That happened years ago,”  John says, smiling wryly.  “Sherlock, I don’t know what you’re so worried about.  I know you.  And I’ve already chosen to be with you—in whatever way works for us.  I thought that you were just opposed to having a physical relationship—or, well—”  He swallows, feeling awkward as ever.  “—a sexual one.  I had intended to tell you that wouldn't be a problem.”
“And the other?”
An ambush.  The rest of the team dead.  Left me for dead as well,” Tears streaming silently down his cheeks now.  “I’ve spent years imprisoned, interrogated, tortured.
have, John,”
We stop at a roadside diner that looks like it’s been there since the dawn of time.  Crumbling stucco walls painted a bright, bubblegum pink, it was hard to miss from the highway.
It’s still early--just going on five o’clock.  It feels odd to have no obligations. No code to crack, no imbecilic criminal to stalk and corner.  I watch John, sitting back on the couch next to me, clearly lost in thought. I wonder if Mary’s death is affecting him more than he’s letting on.  I wonder if he feels that he couldn't tell me, if it were. He’s been so open about his pain that I hadn’t even questioned it, but I see now that the circumstances—how quickly we fell into our own new chapter, despite his relationship with Mary—make things quite complicated.  “John.”
“Care to elaborate?”  Greg asks.  John exhales slowly.
“A ceremony.  Vows.  Coordinating suits of my choosing—obviously.  A reception.  All of it,”  He grins back, perhaps a bit shyly.
Obvious.  You were in Mary’s flat specifically to obtain that flash drive.  The both of you, as well as the other members of your little team, I presume, carried them as some sort of pledge to keep your mouths shut about your extracurricular activities.  Mutually assured destruction, is that it? But Mary, slippery snake that she was, kept a decoy drive tucked away in her flat for just such an occasion. The real drive is probably off in a vault somewhere, locked away safely as such an object should be.” Ajay’s expression has turned mutinous.  Fists clenched, eyes wild. “But why kill her? Surely she didn’t open her mouth knowing full well the rest of you hold the key to her demise. Another terrible misdeed, then. Hmm--”
John huffs, half amused at her endless string of questions and half annoyed that he hasn’t yet been allowed to finish a single sentence.
He drops my hand, kicks off his shoes, pulling his feet up under his knees to sit cross-legged, facing me.  “And it infuriated me. Because I wasn’t there, yet. Didn’t know if I ever would be.” My heart is beating violently, still unsure what he’s trying to say.  “I think I’m getting there,” He blurts out.
“And I’ve kept my distance as well.  I regret everything that happened after you returned.  Everything.  I did it all wrong every bloody step of the way and now we’re—we—”  He shakes his head, looks at Sherlock as though willing him to read his every thought.  But Sherlock can’t.  He never could.  “It isn’t the same.  It hasn’t been.”
I could no longer pretend I don't find meaning in things outside of the work, find comfort in people.  It took a forced goodbye for it all to come crashing down on me. Too late, too late. It took reaching out to John from far above, tears streaming down my face, to shock me into accepting that he had become everything.  Everything to me. Everything I thought I could never have, was incapable of having. Someone who saw me, someone to rely on. I've kept our friendship alive in my mind as I did what needed to be done to preserve his life.  His steady voice keeping me grounded to reality, keeping me moving forward. Knowing he’s alive in the world allowed me to accept what I’d been forced to become: a ghost, an executioner, a whisper on the tongues of those Moriarty left behind.
“This isn’t just any case, John.  I’m concerned for your safety above anything else.  I’m just not sure whether we should prioritize finding the identity of Mary’s shooter or staying out of sight.  I don’t plan on going anywhere without you, whatever we decide.” That’s a given. I won’t be running off to investigate anything without him.  And if he feels safer in the flat, then we stay.
John wishes more than anything that Sherlock would allow himself to find comfort in him.
Ruth has given us a phone number as well.  I give it a call, false persona in place--prepared to tell him he’s won a local raffle.  Stop by with his prize: an all expenses paid trip to prison. But there’s no answer. Default voicemail greeting--no information to be gained.  I hang up. We’ll just have to drop in unannounced.
“Yes, she’ll come straight in here,”  John feels his brow furrow, unsure what Sherlock is getting at.  “She’ll see us...”
“Well, I had a screening earlier this year,” A pause.  “But then I learned that Mary wasn’t exactly monogamous,” Right.
he’s crying.  He swipes impatiently at his eyes.
Once they’ve tumbled out of their cab and tripped up the steps to 221B, trying not to giggle too loudly lest they wake Mrs. Hudson, Sherlock lets his coat fall to the floor, snorting as John immediately picks it up to hang it beside his own on the hooks near the door.
“Now then,”  I say, clearing my throat and smoothing out my shirt as we break apart.  “What else can you tell us about Mr. Collins’ connection with Bohemian Grove?”
entails, I say nothing—wait for him to elaborate.  John is similarly silent, and Ben laughs at our blank expressions.  “The town gets pretty into it. There’s a boat parade—we grill out and watch it from the beach.  Drinks—you know. Fireworks over the water, of course. It’s fun,” John turns to me.
And so, I’ll go alone.
“I don’t know,”  John mutters, shrinking back into the chair, seemingly losing every bit of the momentum he’d come bursting in with just a moment ago.  “I guess there were three assassins—snipers—”  He glances at Greg.  Sighs.  “You think I’ve gone mad,”  Well, yes.
“I—ah—actually—I wanted to ask you for a favour,”  At this, his eyes flick back to meet mine.
I had
“Yes.” We’d been on a case that brought us to this part of town.  Tracked down a witness who worked at the bank across the street. Her input was almost entirely useless, and we were at a bit of a dead end.  So we came here.
A ringing silence fills the room between us.  Not what I’d expected. Not at all. I stare at him.
“Shall we call the police then?” It’s Minnie who asks.  She’s hovering next to John, watching the proceedings with interest.
“What’s it been like?”  She asks quietly.  “After all this time?”  John lets out the breath he’d been holding, lying back.  He folds one arm beneath his head, the other draped carelessly over his waist, closing his eyes and searching for adequate words.  He’s hardly been able to process it at all, but—
But it was only after Sherlock had announced his plans for Baker Street over the summer that it all fell into place.  And as of just a few days ago, the
Sherlock is everything to him.  He’s his best friend, yeah, but it’s more than that.  Always has been.  This, John thinks, is obvious to anyone who’s looking.  He loves him—loves him to death, evidently.  Sherlock has died for that love and come back for it, too.
pain.  Neither of us do anything by halves and I’m afraid we’ve managed to traumatize one another rather thoroughly,”  He pauses, carefully considering his next words.  “But we’ve made it this far.  I’d never dared dream you’d let me in so completely.  You’ve allowed me to love you without reservation, and it still surprises me every day.  Maybe it always will.  After a decade of holding ourselves back, it’s going to continue to be an adjustment,”  Sherlock nods, stepping forward and running his fingers through John’s hair, not breaking their gaze for a second as John continues.  “I want to marry you.  I’d like to give this a name as well—to call you my husband.  But it really is fine if you don’t want that.  This is forever either way,”  He pecks Sherlock on the cheek, inhaling deeply, wanting to get this all out.  “I do understand that it never felt within the realm of possibility, before.  None of this did until recently, for either of us.  But it is.  I’ve been imagining it for awhile now, and it feels right.  It feels obvious, really,”  He cuts himself off a bit abruptly.  “I love you,” He concludes, lamely.
“You miss him.  That’s fine—it’s—”
"John," I say.  It comes out as a rasp.  Betrayed by my own voice.  Hateful. I can hear that his breaths are coming as fast as mine are.  The moment is charged, and I'm silently flailing. Unfamiliar territory.  Hard to believe this is happening. Must be much worse for him
Ruth stayed with them often, watching helplessly as the love they once shared gradually faded.  She started seeing the signs of violence, saw the light in Linda’s eyes begin to dim.
He kisses me then, there in the park.  Arms wrapped around my neck, on tiptoes—just like in the endings of films.  I feel suspended in time, totally gone for him. The rest of the world now a distant memory.  Mouth to mouth, heart to heart--we spin wildly into the void.
to know—immediately, if not sooner.  A swell of pride rises unbidden in his chest at the thought of announcing their partnership.  He is fiercely proud of what they have.  Always has been.  But now—
) and we quickly hail a cab.
John has found sparkling wine in the minibar.  We forgo glasses and sip the small green bottles.  We’ve moved to the blue bed, sitting face to face, knees brushing.  Laughing, chatting, sipping our wine. “You were brilliant, you know,” He’s brought the conversation back around to the case.  “I hadn’t quite realized how much I’d missed watching you work.”
He leans forward now, bracing himself with his right arm, and kisses me wildly as we pick up speed.  Tongues tangling, teeth clacking. Our hips slamming forward as we pant into each other’s mouths, rhythm rapidly faltering as his grip tightens around us.  Together, breathlessly, we tumble toward the brink. Gasping, shouting, I’m the first to fall. Body going still before I erupt beneath his fingers. Falling, flying, it doesn’t take long before he follows me over the edge.
We lie together, as we do every night, now—as I hope we will every night for the rest of our lives—and let sleep take us.
John seems to have managed all this movement in sleep, as his breathing remains deep and even, heart rate still steady and eyes still closed.
They had spent the rest of the morning directing movers—who were clearly under Mycroft’s employ—around 221B, packing boxes and deciding which furniture would make the move with them.  By mid-afternoon they were at the cottage, Sherlock flapping about, booming instructions at the muscled men who had swiftly and efficiently transferred their possessions from one life to the next.
Again, within reason.
And quite a nice one, at that.  A knock at the door.
“John,”  He’d recognize that voice anywhere, even from deep within the quiescent void of sleep.  “John, wake up,”  Groaning as he rises slowly back to the land of the living, John stretches, inhaling deeply and immediately recalling where he’d fallen asleep last night.  He’s lying face down, surrounded by the scent of the man beside him, nose buried in ridiculously high thread count sheets.  Turning his head and squinting into the morning light, John sees Sherlock’s lanky form sprawled out to his right—one hand propping up his brilliant brain and the other on the small of John’s back.
about it, but John knows me well.  I
He says the word in a way that implies it leaves a sour taste on his tongue.  John grins.  Sherlock seems deeply frustrated by this, but it isn’t news to John.  They'd spent the last three days on a(n extremely disappointing and underwhelming) case and it was clear that none of Greg’s team had a clue they’d become romantically involved.  While admittedly the smug, proud part of him who still can’t believe he’s in an honest-to-god relationship with Sherlock Holmes desperately
“Distract me.”  I raise an eyebrow, and he laughs, though it’s strained.  “I’m not asking you to take me to bed, Sherlock. Let’s watch crap telly.  You can deduce and berate all the idiots for my entertainment,” I like the sound of this.  This is something we did before.
though, really?  Not exactly my area,”  Exactly
“It’s a term of endearment, honey,”  Ben’s still smiling. “She’s a friend.  So she’s got you looking into Hal? I’ve never even seen them interact,”  Interesting. “She dated my friend Isla for
“Fuck,”  John mutters, tossing the manila folder aside and reaching for a tissue.  He pauses, staring at the fresh papercut and the tiny drop of blood beading up on the pad of his middle finger.  He’s instantly accosted by a heady rush of images, flickering through his mind: an unrelenting slide projector of traitorous memories.  Sherlock, leaning against a filthy skip behind some petrol station, glaring impatiently—John having finally caught up with him, cornering him into submission.  A clean cut, straight across the palm of his hand where he’d grabbed for the knife.  Fairly shallow, thank god, but enough blood that it needs to be fucking dealt with—not ignored in order to chase down a bloody
“John, are you
A second finger at his command.  More lube, more stretch, more heat.  I can barely keep my head above the cloud of lust that’s slowly smothering me.  John squirms and moans beneath me, around me. When I (finally) brush his prostate, he shouts out, reaching back for my (free) hand and grasping it tightly.
“John,”  No one has ever said John’s name like Sherlock does—like it
and John is quite drunk off the hunger that seeps from his every pore.  He’s too far gone to be entirely surprised when curious fingers slip beneath the confines of his pants, kneading into the swell of his bum and pulling him closer—leaving no room to question whether this is all a dream after all.
“You’re having doubts,” Sherlock rumbles against his cheek, placing a small kiss there in the wake of his words.  John shakes his head, leaning back into Sherlock’s chest and covering his restless fingers with his own.
Here, now—it leaves him entirely oblivious to all else—existing only within the hollows of their mouths, registering naught but the tongue that slides languidly against his own, the taste of the man who’s turned his world upside down and the way his body comes alive beneath him.
“Not quite, no.”
He’s still staring down at Sherlock’s horrible attempt at humour.  He feels his shoulders begin to shake and he’s honestly not sure if he’s laughing or sobbing but right now either or both would be just fine.
“Did you not consider,”  I begin, fighting to keep my voice even.  “Even for a second—questioning these requests?  Do you just blindly obey this idiot’s every whim?”  He shoots me an incredulous look, his entire demeanor immediately becoming defensive.
“Sherlock, come meet Tom,” He’s got a look on his face.  I narrow my eyes. His grin widens. “No really, he’s
Lestrade was eventually put in charge of her case, and has been keeping me informed.  I run through everything that I know so far: Mary had been shot in the forehead, on the street by a sniper rifle, outside the flat of the man she’d spent the night with.  John had gone home this morning to an empty flat, couldn’t get ahold of her, and then answered the door to an officer asking him to come in to the station. He then spent most of the day being interviewed and questioned.
“Mrs. Hudson,”  Oh, he sounds weary.  Tattered and worn.  She turns to him, holding her breath.  “Can we talk?”  This is what she’d wanted.  She’s been plotting for this with crusty rolls and roasts, so why does it feel like she’s walking into her own execution?
A bud of warmth blooms in my chest.  I smile back at his expressive face and wish that I could find the words.  Every time we’re together, I wonder how it’s possible for us to have this. To have so
The conversation flows easily as we pop open a third bottle of wine.  Mrs. Hudson tells tales of her sister’s foul mouth (
We doze off together, rising reluctantly half an hour later to the sounds of our phones.  Mine vibrating on the bedside table, his pinging softly from somewhere on the floor.
“Greg,”  John clambers through the door at half seven, looking windswept and a bit out of breath.  “Sorry—sorry, I forget what the bloody tube is like from the clinic at this time of night.  Took bloody
His lips on my throat, my jaw, my cheek as the relentless grind continues through the fabric of our trousers.  He leans back slowly, looks up at me, then--promise and intention in his
“I’ll get the tickets,” He grins.
“Sherlock—”  Shakes his head slightly, studying my face.  He’s perplexed by the question—thinks that it should be obvious why they didn’t tell me what they know.  It isn’t obvious. Not to me. “She—I mean, I thought—” What? He’s fumbling over his words. “You loved her.  She broke your
John suggests quietly, his breath ruffling artfully arranged curls as his mind races to catch up with where his heart is heading—a path forward gradually making itself known.
We both move forward as if propelled by a force outside ourselves.  Lips parted, heads tilted, I hold on for dear life. The kiss is deeper this time.  Still gentle. But now there’s passion seeping through. I slide my hand up his side, back down again.  He’s got my head in his hands. Strong, safe. I feel his tongue trace my lower lip. I let my hand slide beneath his jumper and shirt.  Skin at last. He gasps into my mouth at the contact, but doesn’t pull away. My fingers explore. Trace along his taut stomach, across his hip to his back.  Up, up. We’re both panting now, kissing fiercely. I am barely staying above the thick fog of emotion that is present whenever we’re close like this. I can tell he’s holding back, though.  We both know what comes next. I want it. But more than that I respect his intention to do this right. To take it one step at a time. I should stop this, for now. Reluctantly, I break the kiss. Scratch my nails down his back, lightly, then pull away enough to look at him.  He looks rumpled, shaken up. Red lipped and tousle-haired. I love him. I smile. “Hello.”
We pass the time during the three hour trip reading the papers and chatting about what we’ll do once we’re there.  My parent’s home is in Penarth, a tourist town on the coast in the Vale of Glamorgan. November in the Vale isn’t exactly prime sightseeing weather, but it’ll be tolerable enough for an excursion or two.
He snaps, catching John entirely off guard.  He lets his hands fall back down to his sides.  All right then.
considered just marching in—I’m growing impatient with our lack of progress.  He knows that he’s never been able to stop me when I’m determined, and my brother doesn’t have much pull here in America if we do get into a bind.  Plus, it is clear from my research that these men have gone to great lengths to keep outsiders out. Even I can’t outwit an electric fence.
“Of course,”  I respond. “Wherever you like.  Hello, Molly.”
“Why?”
John exhales, tries to hold himself together.  His eyes search Sherlock’s, looking for anything beyond the naked hope and doubt and terribly honest affection on full display.  John has only caught glimpses of it before.  He’s seen flashes of it, in Sherlock’s less guarded moments, only to doubt it all completely once it’s been carefully shuttered away.
It takes us the better part of three days to get them all moved in to 221B.  My heart has been nearly bursting throughout the entire process. I had given up hope that a day would come when John would call Baker Street home once more.  Now here we sit, the three of us, eating Chinese takeaway at
He sighs.  “Look, mate--Not everyone is thrilled at the idea of you coming back on cases.  I hadn’t known it was an issue until this morning. We’ve got a few tossers who are afraid of bad press after everything that’s happened,”  He takes a deep swig of beer. “I’m going to just ignore them and hope they go away, but we might have to find some more official ways of taking you on if you’re going to consult with us regularly again.”  Oh. Boring. As if they could stop me from doing their jobs for them if they tried.
Show me what comes next.  He hands me the bottle—why?—pushes lightly on my hip.  When I rise to my knees, he rolls over beneath me.
In the truest sense of the word.  And if that isn’t the most despicably romantic thought he’s ever had, he doesn’t know what is.
Greg can’t help the stupid smile on his face when John’s cheeks flush red and he stares determinitely down into his drink.
“A bit, yeah.  I got the impression he was trying to—say something else.  By telling me.  You know.”
Face pressed into the mattress, I shift forward with every slam of his hips.  My cock slides firmly against the soft sheets, now fluttering and leaking profusely.  I cry out, shout.
All right, then.
John watches him with somber eyes before returning his gaze to linger across the darkening waves.  He seems to be steeling himself for something, working up the courage for whatever comes next.  Sherlock leans into him a bit, lips twisting into a small smile—seeking to reassure, to remind him that he’s here, he’s listening.  John returns the pressure, closes his eyes firmly—and then all at once lets his head fall gently to Sherlock’s shoulder, wraps an arm around his narrow waist and pulls him in until they’re pressed together completely.
John thinks for a moment, caught a bit off guard as he chews on stale Cheerios, occasionally glaring at his sister across the table where she sits in silence stirring the off-colour milk with her spoon.
“All right,” I accept this.  There’s no way they could know that a proposal was imminent.  “Shower?” At this, he grins, dangerously.
Well, not a
John?  To a
She took his breath away—literally—during her visit to his posh flat three nights ago.  He died, she fled. And later that evening, wracked with grief and mid-meltdown, his wife found their string of texts in his phone.
“Was hoping I’d run into you, actually.  Do you have plans for the fourth?” The fourth?  Ah, right. Independence Day. Stars and stripes and all of the rest of it.  Such rubbish.
“Come along, John,” I rest my hand on his back and guide him toward the elevator where Lestrade is waiting, eyebrows slightly raised.  “Let’s go have a chat with an assassin.”
by Sylvan Esso ♪
Later, she corners me in the kitchen on my way out of the loo.  John and my father are in the sitting room, quietly discussing their fondness for writing.  “So the two of you--it’s official then?” Her eyebrows are raised to her hairline, her expression one of unguarded hope and expectation.  I nod, and can’t quite help letting a satisfied smile spread slowly across my face. “He’s wonderful,” She says. “I’ve never seen you like this.”  She hasn’t. I’ve never been like this before.
“I—no—but, you—you’d said—”
The first room at the top of the landing is narrow but spacious, bright and warm—the back wall almost entirely taken over by one of the large paned windows that seem to be present in every room.  There’s a gray-cushioned window seat beneath this one, with built-in bookcases on each side.  John’s jaw drops as he realizes that what at first glance he’d assumed was an elaborate wallpaper is in fact a
He sits now, watching me take in our surroundings.  Legs crossed, black leather shoe bobbing contentedly.  He’s outfitted in a sharp charcoal suit, with a burgundy plaid shirt, much like something John would wear.  I like him instantly.
of his life—“ She shakes her head, eyes drifting across the crowded bar to where Sherlock is leaning against the wall, tapping away at his mobile.  John‘s own phone vibrates in his pocket.  He reaches for it numbly, eyes snapping back to Molly as she continues to tell him what he already knows.  “—and he came back to you—I know that he didn’t, he didn’t quite—he—“ she lets out a huff of breath, squeezing her eyes shut for a moment and shaking her head again.  “—but he
Trust Mrs. Hudson to inadvertently, indirectly and posthumously show him what he’s missed, what he hadn’t quite seen for himself.  But she was right about the rest of it, too—their bond is unyielding—and they have lost enough time.
“Nothing.”
“Hello.” He says, hushed, a grin spreading across his face.  He looks so young, like this. Boyish. Happy. I can’t help but return his smile.
Sherlock has set his microscope aside on the worktop, cleared up the detritus that had littered the table just ten minutes ago.  Now he sits, hands folded in front of him, sharp grey eyes clocking John’s every move.
it happened—on the news, no less (always the last to know)—she’d nearly fainted right then and there.  How could Sherlock
Hal is indeed staring at us from his usual spot in the shadows.  I had almost forgotten we were here with an ulterior motive—was rather enjoying chatting with a friendly face while being allowed to hold John against my chest.  It’s odd to be in a place where such a thing is standard—normal. And even more odd is how quickly we’ve both become comfortable with it. John quietly groans when Hal rises, making a beeline for the stool Ben had vacated a moment ago.  Here we go again.
A bit younger, but definitely him.
Maxwell, and made an appointment for the following night.
with a man before.  It’s hardly felt relevant—having loved Sherlock so deeply for such a long time—but in practice, he’s entirely out of his depth.  And, in general—it’s been awhile.  He hasn’t sought out any sort of relationship (or even a single sexual encounter) in four years, knowing full well that no one else would compare to the man who shares his home and holds his heart.  Not even close, not ever.  He’d learned that lesson the hard way.  And so all of this feels a bit—novel—and, well—rather staggering, if he’s being honest (and he is—finally, he is).  A scenario he’d deemed impossible ages ago is now materializing before his very eyes and beneath his trembling hands.
“What do you know about it?”
“Mm, yes, I do,” He glances down at my face.  One hand comes up, fingers brush over my eyebrows.  Left, then right. Across each cheekbone, then. I close my eyes.  He traces my jaw, behind my ear. “You’re beautiful, you know,” My eyes fly open, I scowl.
“An honour, nevertheless,”  John grins, dropping down into a light pink velvet armchair in the corner.  “And your favourite English
I roll back to stare up at him.  He looks a bit stricken. He didn’t expect this reaction at all.  I’m sorry, John. The tears come easily these days. I reach up and brush my fingers along his jaw.  “I’m glad you didn’t,” I say. And I am. He knows what it means to me to have tangible evidence of his affection.  I’ve always struggled to wrap my head around emotion, and this is something I can hold in my hands. Hard data. Proof of love.  Struck with a sudden idea, I sit up. “Come here,” I say, rising and heading for our bedroom. He follows me in and I immediately drop to my knees and pry open the loose floorboard near the wall.  I pull out his stolen journal, now curled and tattered and filthy—clearly read a thousand times—and hand it to him. He carefully pages through, recognition slowly creeping onto his face despite the smudged words and torn pages.  He looks up at me, searching for an explanation. “I brought it with me,” I say quietly. “Abroad. I took it from your room on that last day—before we left the flat—before I jumped,” His eyes widen, then drop back down to the abused paper in his hands.
“Did you know?”  He demands, shoving his fisted hands into his jacket pockets.  He’s bloody shaking.  Eyes wild and hair windswept.  Looks like shite.  Not a man who can pull off such an untidy beard.  Did he walk here?  Bit of a trek from Baker Street.  Greg hasn’t seen him in over a month.  They’d tried a few times to go out for a pint, but John doesn’t have much to say these days.  At first, Greg had assumed he was just angry with him for doubting Sherlock—rightfully so, he’d thought—but it had become clear rather quickly that he simply doesn’t speak much at all anymore.  Greg had wanted to talk about Sherlock—had needed to talk to someone about it.  He’d cared for the man, too.  Misses him, even.  Wanted to make sense of what happened.  But John didn’t want to hear any of it, so he’d turned to Molly instead.  He smiles inwardly at the thought of what’s begun to bloom between them.  They’ve managed to find something pure and sweet in the bitterness of the last few months.
He yanks my pyjama bottoms down to my knees.  A solid pressure now, just below my arse, pushing firmly against my skin.  And then, a slow slide. I gasp at this new form of contact. A slick, warm mass gliding through this sensitive space--the whole length of him now seated fully between the tops of my thighs.  The head of his cock nudges my scrotum and I let out a small whine, blood flowing down, hardening fast. He doesn’t move, for a moment. An extended pause. Panting lightly, he places his left hand on my hip, sliding his right between the bed and my body--holds my stomach tight.  He pulls his hips back slowly--the slippery shift of his shaft between my legs sparking a new kind of excitement within me. This is close, so close, to what I really want. Soon.
“How do you fall in love with someone you’ve never even touched?”  John nearly chokes on his linguine.  Harry glares at him as he coughs into his napkin.  “Really, Johnny.  And he’s such a bloody insufferable cock.  And he
“Everything he’s done for you—he’s spent
, which is easily the most memorable and moving Sherlock fic I've come across.
Greg had felt much the same after his marriage ended—had spent many nights at the bottom of a bottle contemplating how simple it would be to just give it all up.  In the end he’d decided it was an extremely selfish decision, suicide—in his situation, at least.  He’d thought of how his ex would feel for the rest of her life.  She isn’t a bad person.  She wouldn’t have deserved that just because she couldn’t love him anymore.  And he’s got friends—people who care, people who would be affected—would be plagued with regret, wondering what they could have done to stop it.  Much like John has been.  And now, just a few years later, Greg’s life has begun to truly light up again, all things considered.  He thinks of Molly and silently thanks whatever deities might be up there looking out for him, whatever powers brought her into his life.  In reality, it was Sherlock who brought them together.  Introduced them in life and brought them closer in death.
When I turn back to the rest of our guests, John, Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade are standing by the fire, chewing on mince pies and chatting comfortably.  Mycroft and Harry, I’m surprised to find, are deep in conversation on the couch. Suspicious. Curiosity winning out, I cautiously approach them and perch on the coffee table.  They both glance over at me simultaneously. “All right?” Harry asks with a grin.
John thinks.
John.  You haven’t seen the best part,”  Sherlock’s tone is all petulant impatience as he bounces slightly on the balls of his feet.  John and Rosie share a grin and follow him through the door to the garage.  The walls of the large open space are lined with tidy rows of empty shelving.  There’s a simple wooden door on the back wall, a proper garage door on the front, and a single rather difficult-to-miss object in the centre of the room.
He’d seen the challenging look in Sherlock’s eye just before he’d downed
Swallowing around the lump growing steadily in his throat, John leans up to kiss Sherlock’s slightly stale lips.  The day is fully upon them now—they’ll have to rise soon.  John almost certainly owes Molly several apologies for whatever was said to convince her to keep Rosie overnight—and they’ve still got boxes to unpack and a bloody
“Haven’t heard back.”
“It’s fine,”  I’m not sure that it is.  “It’s for a case,” Is what I say.
“The very best,” I say, smiling as she beams up at me.  “Until today.”
“You—“
was all that she could think to say.
“No,” Sherlock says this so quickly, so vehemently that he surprises himself with the ferocity of his response.  John looks at him, waiting.  “No,”  He repeats.  “It was only pride, John.  Stubbornness and pride.  I hadn’t a clue what I was doing, hadn’t the faintest idea if I’d chosen correctly.  I still don’t,”  They’d done tests.  One harmless, one deadly.  Lestrade had offered to inform him which pill held his fingerprints—but he had realized then, after grasping the rare gift he’d just been given in the form of John Watson, that he no longer wanted to know.  “I didn’t especially care, at the time.”
Sherlock—honestly stunned—makes a sound of frustration, eyes rolling in annoyance because
Mary had left him, it seemed, just like the rest.  Sherlock hadn’t asked.
“Okay,” He pants against my mouth, after a long moment.  I tighten my grip around him—pinning his arms to his sides—lean us forward slightly and pull back my hips.  When I roll them forward, pushing slowly back in, we both cry out, a bit dazed by the intensity of this. I press my mouth to the top of his spine, then pull back again, beginning a steady rhythm of long, sharp thrusts.
“Actually—we were discussing you.  Or—well—” He shrugs, his expression a bit apologetic.  “We were discussing Hal. And theorizing about why I was paid a handsome sum to point him out to you,”  Convenient. They’re already on topic.
“Two USB sticks were found on his person.”
These are not words I had ever expected to be a part of my life.  Not really. But John has asked me to be his
“I was held in a bunker for four days.  Interrogated—they wanted to know who I am, why I was there,”  John treated the resultant wounds. He knows what else happened in that cell.  The look in his eyes says he hasn’t forgotten. “I said nothing. Observed my captors—deduced their lives.  Formulated a plan of escape,” I replay that final day in my mind. Mycroft sitting smugly in the doorway, showing off his newly acquired language skills and an impressive disguise.  Watching my pain, doing nothing to stop it. At the time, I was furious. I know, now, that had he done anything differently, we’d likely both be dead. “One of the men was weak,” I continue.  “He was angry, but not at me—his tension was written all over him. A cheating spouse. I spoke at last. Told him where to find her, and who with. He left,” Tears escape my eyes at the thought of what came next.  “My brother was there,” This comes out as a sob. Another thing he’s done for me that I had written off, scoffed at. John brushes my hair back, tears of his own falling silently once more. “He’d put himself in the centre of it all, to get me out.  Waited for the right moment. We escaped together,” The dam breaks, I’m sobbing now. John pulls me up into his arms.
“Come on, John, come on, come on, come on, come on.”
John beams widely and looks between the two of us. “Very glad to be here, Siger,” He says.  “I’ve wanted to meet you for quite a long time.”
—and every one of them whips through him like a gathering storm.
he finds himself entirely speechless.
They ask.  Blue. Questioning.  I wrap my hands around his hips and lightly tug.
A nod.  He sits forward in his chair.  Hands clasped together, elbows on his knees.  “That’s healthy, Sherlock. These are common concerns.  Your being here means that you’ve chosen to do something about them for your partner’s wellbeing and for your own.”
“Tea’s gone cold,” Sherlock mumbles against his skin, squirming a bit to get comfortable.
“I don’t want anything from you,”  The time has come for honesty—a bit, at least.  A partial truth that may act as motivation to hold onto his life—at least for a while.  At least until Sherlock breaks free from the web he’s managed to get himself so thoroughly tangled up in and returns to London as a celebrated hero.  Something like that.  “I hope to give you some perspective, Dr. Watson—John.  I’d like to tell you the real reason he jumped.”
her parent,”
Tentative fingers, on the crook of my elbow, where it rests on the narrow table in front of us.  I jerk my arm away in response, not quite able to process such an unexpected touch. John pulls his hand back, and when I turn to face him, he looks wounded.  Offended, perhaps. What was that, then? We never touch. Not really. I was confused enough when he grabbed my wrist in the kitchen of 221B, but at least I could see that coming.  When our eyes meet, though, his expression changes. Whatever he sees on my face has made him drop the affronted look for one of concern. He reaches out again, placing his hand on my forearm.
“No.”
It was John who’d reached out first, sliding a hand gently down one long arm without thinking twice about it, and it had seemed easy, then—it made sense, in that moment—for Sherlock to tip forward and rest his head on John’s chest.  John had smiled and allowed it, rolling his eyes and glaring at Lestrade and the others as they snapped photos of the two of them wrapped around each other in their booth.  He’d stroked Sherlock’s back, because he’d wanted to, because it felt like the natural thing to do.  To make him feel safe, and wanted.  He’d let Sherlock hold onto him while he slept for the first time in two days.  He’d stayed, quiet and still, when all their friends had left.
Little frenzied bursts of yellow throughout, making the room itself feel alive.
by Yeasayer ♪
They sit in silence, John still nursing his first pint, perhaps actually taking the whole not-succumbing-to-alcoholism thing seriously.  After a solid five minutes of contemplative silence, John speaks again.
asking you for?” John is still smiling.
“Could be dangerous,” I reply, an eyebrow raised as I watch a memory from years gone by flicker over John’s face.
Sherlock.  Bloody brilliant, actually.  I’d never seen you like that—never quite so—uninhibited,”  I never have been. It’s not that I ever really hold back with him, but this was something else entirely.  I’m not sure what to say, so I bring our mouths together again. His kisses are soft, reassuring. He always knows when I need peace of mind.
Greg thinks, watching as John processes the rest of this monologue he seems to have come ready to perform.  “I shouldn’t have gone there—I’ve been—doing better.  Getting better at distracting myself.  Not thinking about it—him,”  He swallows, glances at Greg, then back down into his beer.  “Sherlock.  But I’d gone up to the flat—just to see.  That was a mistake.  So—I’m sorry.”
to do.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Where’s Lestrade?”  I ask, sipping the pint of loathsome swill in front of me.  It’s not that bad, actually. I’m just in a mood.
“Sherlock,” He says quietly, against my skin.  “You don’t have to hesitate, with me. You don’t even have to ask,” He pulls back again, looks up at me.  “If there’s something you want, you can have it. I trust you,” He slides his hands up, brushing curls from my forehead.  “I’m open to anything,” He reiterates. He has told me this before, but he had seemed content to carry on as we were—“I’m following your lead, you know.  Whatever you decide, I’m already so happy I hardly know what to do with myself,” He smiles up at me. Oh. Following my lead. I wasn’t able to find any signs of him wanting more because he really is all right with anything at all.  He won’t push me. Affection coursing wildly through my veins, I return his smile, pull him in again. Press my lips to the top of his head. I had never seen John as open and free of worry as he’s been in the last couple of weeks. It seems that he’s found our union as much of a relief as I have.  If only we had found our way here sooner.
Sherlock turns his head, meets John’s eyes at last, two pale grey rings around unexpectedly dark pupils.  John’s breath catches in his throat.  He waits.  Counts the seconds up to fourteen before Sherlock finally speaks.
“I don’t, no.  They’re family—they’ll have to know eventually.  Why not now?” Perhaps because he only decided
In which John meets the parents.
“Well whatever her reasoning, I’m grateful to her,”  He tosses the book aside, crawling toward me to lie on his back with his head in my lap.  “Should have listened to her back then,” He reaches behind him and closes my laptop, where it sits on the cushion to my left.  “She saw what I hadn’t,” He pushes his hand beneath my shirt, floats his fingertips over a nipple, sending an agonizing jolt of arousal through my body, straight to my groin.  He continues to taunt me with his infuriatingly light touch, tracing a lazy figure eight across my chest.
by Talking Heads ♪
They’ve never spoken of this fragile thing, of the state they were both in when they’d found one another.  Sherlock had known with one glance that John had spent his evenings contemplating his gun and the myriad ways he could use it.  It’s one of the reasons he’d felt an instant kinship with the wounded soldier that had stood before him in that lab, accepting his eccentricities with amusement as no one had before.  John couldn’t have known that Sherlock—newly sober for the eighth time in his life and unsure why he ever bothered—had been in a similar state.
family has money,”  I roll my eyes. He thinks he’s making a point, but in fact he’s missing it entirely.  The waitress shows up, two Mai Tais in hand. Drops them on the table and disappears without a word when she looks between us and sees the scene she’s just walked into.
John quickly shampoos his own short hair and returns his palms to Sherlock’s body, everything feeling suddenly more urgent as his darkened eyes grow fierce.  Broad hands are everywhere, smoothing over John’s shoulders, gripping his arms, pulling his face back into a hard, heated kiss.  The steaming air around them has grown stifling—heady and charged—Sherlock’s erection presses firmly against John’s hip, and he leans back to look at him.
Perhaps it's stupid, but the idea to give Mycroft a condition that affects his mind was spawned partially by the "Middle age, brother mine.  Comes to us all." line when Sherlock tells him he's slipping.  As if middle age alone makes people less clever.  Anything that would cause memory loss and loss of brain function would be extremely upsetting to a Holmes.  Also sort of distantly inspired by
be dead too, evidently, had Sherlock chosen differently.  But he understands the sentiment.  He really does.  It’s all rather fucked.
“John—”
She waves us in, points us toward a soft burgundy couch.  “Go on, then,” She says, sinking into an armchair. “What’s he done now?”
“Thought you might,”
We’ve made our guests promise not to bring gifts—and we’ve assured each other that we won’t be buying anything either.  It was John’s idiotic idea, and I agreed because he forced me to. I won’t be keeping my promise—I had already purchased his gift nearly a month ago.  I don’t need anything from him, he’s already given me everything.
“I don’t think you’ll ever understand how much,” He breathes, feeling a bit foolish.  A bit pathetic.  They’ve been over all this before.  But this confirmation feels important, somehow.  Today he needs to hear it, needs to know that all he feels is being felt in return.  Sherlock stares at him for a full minute before he finally speaks.
Harry rises awkwardly, reaching for the crutches she left leaned against the worktop.  She gives him one final scowl before retreating slowly to her room.  John sighs.
I keep finding myself wondering how this case would be going if John hadn’t come along.  I suspect I’d have already been swept up in Hal’s tidal wave, unsure how to navigate this sunny new world.  I’d likely be in a constant state of concern—sure that my refusal to accept his advances would destroy any chance I have at getting a glimpse into whatever it is he’s up to.  And without John’s expressive face by my side, cringing at the bitterness of it all, I’d have certainly drank the bloody coffee. A bloom of warmth in my chest—a surge of gratitude for his presence here—as I follow him to the bar.  He perches on a stool and I stand by his side, sliding an arm around his waist without much thought. He leans easily against me, ordering us two pints of cider from the now-familiar blonde barman.
Christ, he’d forgotten about that.  When was the last time they’d had an
It’s probably why he misses Sherlock even when they're three miles apart, when they’re a stairway apart, when he’s two feet away.  It’s habit, at this point, and logic be damned.
Sherlock slides a hand up John's chest, his neck—lingering for a moment along his jaw before combing long fingers through silver hair, nails dragging lightly over his scalp.  He leans in, lips meeting John’s softly, briefly, then in one swift motion rolls right on top of him, the full weight of his body pinning John to the sheets.  All his breath leaves him in a huff, followed by a fit of giggles—because this is ridiculous.  Sherlock is
Hope you're all healthy and thriving out there in your bubbles.
“I’d like to stay,”  I say, watching as he raises his eyebrows slightly.  “If it’s all right with you,” If he wants to go home, I won’t argue.  As desperate as I am to get back to some semblance of normalcy, I won’t force it.  He nods, holding my gaze.
“Shit, Sherlock!” He whispers frantically.  “We aren’t even armed. God, I’m out of practice--” I grab him by the arm and pull him straight back out the front door.
“A rooftop, though, really?”  John whispers into Sherlock’s curls, lips pressing firmly against the (whole, unbroken) crown of his head.  “You’ve always been an impetuous arse.”
“And from what I’ve heard, he didn’t—didn’t let people in easily.  Didn’t let
would talk—would rant and rave about betrayal and loss and the death of a wife who’d never technically existed and a child who never came to be.  He’d hoped it would bring them closer.
He falls to his knees in front of me.  “Sherlock—” He breathes. I grab his wrist, can feel his heart beating fast.  He weaves our fingers together. “Sherlock—marry me.” This tumbles out of his mouth in a quick exhale and he peers up at me, face open and expectant.  I stare back at him. Open my mouth and then close it again. I thought it was too soon? He had been concerned about what people would think, so soon after—  “I would have married you the day you came back if I could have—I don’t care what anyone thinks anymore,” He’s gripping my fingers tightly between his. “I love you so much—you make me so happy.  Let’s never go through being apart again.”
“Shh!” I ascend the first few steps.  Then, sigh with relief. “Mycroft.” I can smell him.  His posh cologne, reeking all over our stairwell.
Am I making any sound?  “Sherlock,” I feel the bed dip.  Not asleep, but I can’t quite open my eyes.  “Sherlock, you have to wake up.”
Either way, it’s the only thing he’s got left to live for, and he isn’t ready to let go of it just yet.
I jolt awake, sit up quickly and scan the room.  The sun is just beginning to set, meaning I’ve been asleep for nearly six hours.  I suppose it was overdue. Feet on the stairs. Mrs. Hudson? No. Not Mycroft either.  It couldn’t be—
“What’re you having?”  The barkeep is a stunning brunette.  He remembers her from before—recalls her obvious soft spot for John.  She’d been quiet and kind, and didn't quite hide the fact that she was keeping an eye on him.  A character from John’s past, he’d been certain.
We come—together—with stifled groans and breathy shouts.  We stand—together—in each other’s arms, affection blooming like wildflowers through our beating hearts.
Sherlock breathes.  He closes his eyes, feels his way over the expanse of John’s broad back, working his fingers into heated skin through the fabric of his t-shirt and for once relying entirely on instinct and sense, trusting his transport.  John is warm and real in front of him, solid beneath his roaming hands.  His chest rises and falls as he gradually slumps forward, quiet but for his increasingly ragged breaths.
Of course the bastard can flawlessly execute a text message while maintaining eye contact.  John shakes his head once, fumbles his mobile as he taps out a response.
But the facts are these:
by Tallest Man On Earth ♪
idea where I was going with this case as I wrote it.  It all played out as I typed, and it probably shows.
We solve the case at last (it was the babysitter’s boyfriend—hadn’t even known that he existed until four hours ago—there’s always something) and jump on a train back to London.  It’s late afternoon, and with the case now behind us, my mind turns back to the man seated at my right.  He’s looking intently out the window, silver hair reflecting the sunlight that shines through the glass. I suppose that if I were anyone else, it wouldn’t have been odd at all to wake up wrapped around my best friend.  If I were anyone else, perhaps it would have happened much sooner. Looking at him now, I feel a palpable rush of emotion—I always do.  I love him, he knows that.  We’ve acknowledged the strength of our bond, in our own roundabout way.
"Of course,"  He stares for another long moment, then I find myself in his arms again.  He holds on, like he's afraid I'll slip away. It had never occurred to me that I could have this, this physical affection from him.  This really is not my area. There’s always been something lurking deep beneath the surface here. Something I’d worked hard to hide, with limited success.  My forehead falls to his shoulder. My arms squeeze tight. Maybe we can have this, now. A new language, when the words won't come.
“Oh my
Now they sit, shoulder to shoulder but staring straight ahead.  Sherlock kills the engine, plunging them back into familiar silence.
“Sherlock,”  John says quietly, moving impossibly closer, tangling their legs together easily, pressing a foot against Sherlock’s calf and pushing his fingers once again into a now riotous shock of curls.  Sherlock sighs, a small sound escaping the back of his throat as fingernails drag gently against his scalp.  John frees his left hand from where it had been tucked up between their chests, presses it flat against Sherlock’s roaring heart instead.
“Have a nice morning, then?”  He mutters, voice rough from his abruptly interrupted kip.
(See the end of the chapter for
The drum contains the following:
After my sister’s suicide, John stayed with me for three weeks.  His presence prevented me from being consumed by guilt and taking drastic measures to forget how I’d failed her.  He still left each day for the clinic, but knowing that he’d be returning each afternoon—often with Rosie in tow—kept me from turning back to needles and getting lost in regret.  I had nearly begged him to move back permanently. Made a case for the convenience of living at 221B, made it clear that I was happy to help care for Rosie, that I wanted them both there.  But he’d told me again and again that it was too soon, that it wasn’t a good idea. It was difficult to hear. He never gave me a specific reason, but I assume that it’s because despite our previous conversations and newfound forgiveness, we had a lot of unspoken obstacles between us, then.  We still do, I suppose, but our ability to communicate has improved drastically. I’m less afraid of pushing him away by being too arduous, too forthright. I know now that he’s not going anywhere.
"And what about John Watson?"
“My contact in London,”  He explains, setting his mobile on the table.  I step back, dragging a chair over beside him. Sit down and lean in.  “Look,” Scrolls down in the email, clicking a link to an article in a scientific journal I’ve never heard of titled Internal Transmission/Internal Integration: Personality Alteration and Effects on the Mind.  He points to the date. January of 2010. My mind automatically jumps back to where I was at that time—recently returned from Afghanistan and ready to leave this world. Heart swells when I recall our first meeting—when Sherlock showed up and transformed my life.  Pulled me back from the metaphorical edge and gave me something to live for. His finger drifts to the author’s name. Silas Moran. I’m lost—clearly he sees some significance in these pieces of information. As ever, I’m ten steps behind. He clicks on another open tab, apparently he’s found his way into the police database again.  There, on the page, beside the name
She hisses, leaning in.  “Are you—the two of you—you’re—” She’s cut off by the return of Rosie, pulling on her sleeve, impatient to head to Baker Street.  “I’ll be in touch,” She assures me, still grinning. “Talk soon,” And she hangs up the phone.
“You were?”  He’s still chewing.  Really, John,
Sherlock says nothing, just continues to watch him in uncomfortable silence.
“John.”
I tell him of New Delhi, of Hamburg, of Amsterdam.  Of infiltrating crime syndicates, systematically destroying organizations, imprisoning men who had made the unfortunate mistake of trusting James Moriarty.  I tell him of my hands wrapped around a man’s throat—of the moment that man stopped breathing—and of the many others that followed. Mrs. Hudson’s would-be assassin.  Then Lestrade’s. Other men, too—terrible men—who would only be stopped by death.
Dressed, packed, ready to go, we check out of the inn and head to a nearby café.  We sit together in a comfortable quiet, sipping our coffees and eating our scones.  John threads our fingers together as we stride out the front door, and we walk hand in hand to the station.
He takes a perfunctory glance around the cramped living space, learning what he can.  Just over a year sober, but it hasn’t come easily.  Regular meetings at the Unitarian church down the street.  A decent managerial job at a nearby café.  Caffeine habit.  Cigarette habit as well, though she goes out of her way to keep the scent out of the flat.  Single—
Halfway through the perusal of an article on controlled burns, the door opens.  Ella pokes her head out. “Sherlock, would you like to come in now?” So I go. “Lovely to meet you,” She says.  She doesn’t say
"John?"
John’s world has gone momentarily dark, lost to himself and to everything else.  He gradually resurfaces when gentle hands begin a slow sweep up and down his back—warming him against the slight evening chill that has crept into the room through the open window.  He finds that he’s sobbing quietly, shoulders shaking and face still tucked safely into the crook of Sherlock’s neck.
“Let’s retire that nickname, Sally.  Bit uninspired at this point, don’t you think?” John bites out this touching display of defense before I can even formulate a retort.  “And we can probably go ahead and stop questioning Sherlock’s ability to severely outwit the entire Met, while we’re at it.” His tone is clipped, unforgiving.
Sherlock’s bed has never felt more welcoming.  His thousand thread-count sheets have never been softer, never been warmer.  The duvet pulled up over his head has never been the haven it is now—the safe, intimate space it transformed into the moment John crawled in beside him.
by Bjork (Ratatat Remix) ♪
For dinner, we take their Jeep to a well-loved seafood eatery on the water.  It’s a favorite spot amongst locals, and the food, as it turns out, is divine.  Afterward, the four of us stroll down the pier--the lights against the water casting an otherworldly glow around us, rippling outward in every direction.  I watch my parents, arms wrapped around each other’s backs, looking out into the sea. I take John’s hand.
We decide to venture into town and get to know the area we’ll be residing in for the foreseeable future.  As it turns out,
I pull him closer, press my lips to his forehead, his cheek.  “Yes,” I say. Bring our mouths together, kiss him fiercely. “Yes, obviously, yes.”
“Budge up,” John says, his voice undeniably fond as he sets a soaking wet but tightly secured blue plastic bag onto the coffee table and prods at Sherlock’s knee.  Sherlock grumbles a bit, mostly because it’s expected of him, as he unfurls his limbs and shuffles into a seated position.  He flips on the telly while John drops down beside him—close, very close, always very close—then leans forward and digs a finger into the plastic, tearing the bag open to reveal the steaming styrofoam containers within.  John hands Sherlock two boxes—garlic pak choi and lamb dumplings.  He sets up his own shrimp dumplings and cucumber salad on the table, then casually (really very casually) sets a final box containing noodles on the table between them.  Sherlock shoves a dumpling into his mouth to hide his smile.  John knows him much too well.
God, he can’t wait.  Can hardly stand this distance, this expanding ache behind his breastbone, this anticipation and cautious hope and lingering uncertainty.  He takes a deep breath, lets it out slowly, settling into his seat and gazing out the window at the bustling station.  His mobile vibrates.
“I told you that you were in over your head,”  He directs this at me, both brows raised now. “You’re
It's approaching three o’clock, so I head straight for the park.  All traces of my old bravado have fallen away now that I've left my brother's vicinity.  I feel stripped down and raw, and as I stride purposefully through London the streets feel unfamiliar beneath my feet.  The roaring sounds of life are foreign and overwhelming. How did I get here? I will fix this soon enough, reacquaint myself with my city.  But first things first.
“You were leaving,” he says, a subtle note of accusation in his voice.
Heads up that a (minor?  medium?) character death is sort of nonchalantly mentioned in this chapter.  It's something that happened awhile back in this timeline and is relevant to the plot.  Will be explored a bit more in future chapters.
“John…”  I don’t know where to begin.  We stand staring at one another for a lingering moment, until he sighs.  Drops down on the edge of the bed, and looks up at me.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I think maybe I'll just drop by."
John is perched restlessly in the back of a cab, knee bouncing, buzzing with nervous energy and barely contained excitement.  He watches Sherlock, sitting on his left with Rosie, patiently quizzing her on the meaning of each traffic sign that they pass.  She hasn’t gotten a single one right—he’s pretty sure this is the first time in her three-and-a-half years that she’s even noticed such signs exist—but Sherlock just calmly explains what the symbols represent in his deep, familiar rumble.
, but still I find myself wondering if what we have between us now is strange or unsustainable.  Do people do this? Can we just exist in this undefined, sexless limbo indefinitely? Is that what I want?  John said that it’s up to me to decide what we become. He’s all in, no matter the outcome. I can hardly believe that I’m the recipient of such unconditional commitment—I’ve been handed a prize that I’d never thought possible, and I don’t want to let him down.
“I’m in
“What if everything changes?”  Sherlock asks bluntly.  John gives him a questioning look, not entirely sure what he means by it.  “What if everything changes for the worse?”
“You—you’re her father,”  Sherlock’s eyes narrow incrementally and John lets out a quiet huff of laughter.
(See the end of the chapter for
“It matters,” He says quietly, smoothing his fingertips over a faded scar over Sherlock’s brow that’s been there since his return.  He is furious with himself for his cowardice, for never once asking about it.  About any of it.  “It matters, Sherlock.”
“It’s exactly the same, Greg.  Like some sort of—shrine or—
John fell asleep three hours ago.  Now it’s nearly four AM, and I’ve found almost nothing of use.  A history of disorderly conduct, records of his marriage to Linda, a sparse and neglected Facebook page—and a sister, who lives in Kent.  We’ll try to speak with her this morning, see what she remembers about Linda, fish for information on her brother’s current whereabouts. An hour by train—we’ll leave at first light.
want?”  I’d like to know.  He keeps surprising me with his willingness to show affection—even in public—not to mention his complete nonchalance about our families seeing us in bed together.  His recent actions have been in complete contradiction of his stubborn silence the last few months. He lifts his head, chin resting on my chest, and meets my eyes.
“I know,”  Sherlock smiles his secret smile, weaving their fingers together and nudging the trolley forward.  “Let’s get home.  We’ve got three hours to hide all this and get the tree up.”
We’ve been walking for nearly an hour, saying little, each lost inside our own minds.  It occurs to me that John is probably hungry—he does tend to consume food regularly throughout the day—a habit I used to find inconvenient.  Not anymore. Anyway, it’s been nearly five hours since our lunch with Harry. I scan our surroundings for a solution, and my eyes land on a little restaurant tucked in between an office building and a butcher shop.  Red lanterns shine in the windows and I recognize it as a Chinese grill we visited once, before. I take John’s hand and lead him across the street and through the door. He looks up at me questioningly but says nothing.
of me.  But my stomach still drops at the thought of being so—exposed.  We’ve yet to move beyond fully-clothed embraces and pecks on the cheek.  He’d said it would take him a bit to be ready for the rest of it—for
—thrusts once, twice more—goes still and lets go.  Spilling deep within me, hips twitching—filling me, as he shakes and shakes and quietly sobs, wrapped up tight in my arms.
Still, we see each other nearly every day.  John left the clinic last spring to work with me full time.  Finally. Mrs. Hudson watches Rosie constantly—always willing to be on call, swooping in whenever we need to run off at a moment’s notice.  And I love Rosie as if she were my own. So the two of them spend quite a lot of time at 221B, these days.
Sherlock is patiently waiting, curiously watching.  Always observing.  Weaving through clusters of strangers and acquaintances, John steps carefully into his orbit, heart racing dangerously, unsure and suddenly exhausted.
“We have a lead,”  We know why Hal is here, and we know that he’s got a string of missing boyfriends.  Ben, Hugo and Danny promised to ask around for their names.
“Yeah?”  Things have been a bit strange between us today.  I do feel that we managed to reconnect on some level when we spoke the other day, but he had gone home quickly after that—and we haven’t spoken about anything but trip logistics since.  I didn’t want to bring it up again, lest he change his mind about coming along. He’s already swimming in guilt over leaving Rosie in the care of Mycroft and Lestrade.
“John,” He whispers, and without a thought finds that one long arm has wound its way around to clutch at John’s back, the other following to wrap him up entirely—needing to comfort, to protect, like it’s somehow second nature to just reach for him.  Like this is somehow easy for them.  John accepts the embrace immediately, turning his body inward and tucking his legs up under him as he snugs up against Sherlock’s chest.  “You can let it go,”  He whispers fiercely into John’s hair.  “It’s in the past.”
A small card falls out of the folded stack of paperwork.
“What did I miss out here, then?”  I ask, clearing my throat. Adam and Ben exchange a glance.
Instead, they’d immediately begun taking cases and running around London side by side.  They’d relearned, eventually, how to laugh together without falling into painful silence.  They’d ordered greasy takeaway and sat on the sofa watching nonsense well into the night, just so that they could remain close.  And after sixteen days of this, John had shown up early one afternoon, bag in hand, and asked to stay.
I lie back down, pull him with me.  “Come on,” I say. He slides down next to me, face to face, my back against the cushions.  I can feel his tension, now that we’re lying like this. Thinking about last night then. He’ll never let that guilt go.  You didn’t hurt me, John. “Roll over,” He does. I wrap my arms tight around his torso, pull his body back against mine. My hands are on his stomach.  Can feel the muscle there through the wool of his jumper. Want to remove the layers between our skin. But not now, not yet. I kiss the back of his neck.  Bury my face there. He sighs. Content. I recall a promise to watch crap telly. Am I letting him down? I was supposed to be distracting. Could drift off like this.  Have never known such comfort. My eyes are growing heavy now.
“I suppose we should,”  I haven’t even told him what I’ve learned of Bohemian Grove.  Haven’t even mentioned that Hal’s reason for being here—amongst the Redwoods—has been revealed, in part.  These men seem to be somewhat informed on the matter, and I haven’t had a chance to see what Hugo knows. “I should fill you in.”
“Yeah,”  What can he say, really?
“I’ve always known.  I never said,”  John continues, determined, turning in the circle of Sherlock’s arms and pushing lightly at his chest until he lies back on the bed.  John follows, curling up beside him.  “Sherlock—”  His voice cracks on Sherlock’s name, his expression pained.  “I’ve never been able to look at you without thinking
“John,
“Well,” He begins, keeping his distance but holding Sherlock’s gaze.  “I’m in shock, a bit, I think.  And terrified, Sherlock.  And bloody elated, too, if I’m being honest.”
that he trusted and loved before he even knew I was out there.  It’s never been easy to think about. He was the first person I ever let in, and it hurts to know that it’s not even remotely the same for him.  And
“All right,” I say.  He knows that I mean
“No,”  He says firmly.  “I’ve always loved you, Sherlock.  That’s never been the problem,” I feel a new wave of tears well up and spill over at his words.  I do know that he loves me, on some level. I’ve always been able to feel it. But he’s never said it—not like this.
“I’d love that.  Oh, I can’t wait.  This will be a holiday to remember.”  I raise my eyebrows, but refrain from commenting on her fanciful phrasing.  I too, tend to lean toward optimism and poetry these days.
“AGRA, assassins, etcetera.  Boring. You know John how, exactly?”
Speaking of—today’s the day my parents meet him at last.  I keep my eyes shut tight and think of how familiar this has become, in the few short days since we’ve been reunited.  How impossible it seemed, before. I wake up now feeling hopeful, if not completely healed. I fall asleep feeling safe and cared for.
“Turkey’s in.  Turns out it takes about four bloody hours, so the timing should be right,”  We’re eating around three—an early meal, as Molly is spending the evening with her fiancé’s family in Croydon.  John leans against the worktop next to me. “I’m so glad we’re doing this. Thank you for this.”
John inhales deeply, chest expanding against Sherlock’s side, fingers slowly untangling from his curls and sliding down to cup the side of his neck instead.  Sherlock shivers, certain that his duplicitous heart is about to shatter the walls of his brittle bloody chest.  Ridiculous.  He’s allowing his mind to drift into the realm of fanciful metaphor.  This clearly cannot go on.
He hesitates.  “But it’s
."  Mycroft pins me with his gaze.  Studies my face, sees something there.  Likely the staggering emotion I’ve long since forgotten how to suppress.  He pauses, breathes in, out. "Sherlock..." He hesitates. Smooths imaginary wrinkles from his jacket.  I narrow my eyes. What? What, Mycroft? "John can be found in Regent's Park after his shift at the clinic most days.  Find him there. Find him sooner, rather than later, I think." I stare back at him. See a flicker of unease in his eyes.  Unsure what to make of this, I nod slowly. Look around.
Now that he thinks about it, Sherlock’s odd behaviour last night was surely the result of sleep deprivation and a post-case crash.  That—John hopes—explains that.  Any other theory that may have occurred to him would mean that things aren’t quite as
Unpredictable.  “I followed her trail of breadcrumbs, found myself in Karachi in time to prevent her untimely demise—and she immediately turned a gun on me and stole my clothing to escape in.  Not my finest moment,” It was quite humiliating. She may never have
“Come to me, then—when you’re doubting yourself.  I’ll remind you,” He kisses my temple, my cheek. Leans back, blue eyes locking intently on mine.  “Any time you forget, I’ll remind you that we’re all right.”
John has never felt anything like this.  He’s never
“I’ll tell them she and I were colleagues and friends.  That we dated for a bit, and that it ended. Which would have been true if she hadn’t gotten herself shot just before I could actually end it.”
John tugs gently, urging Sherlock closer.  He goes, pressing his forehead to John’s reassuringly solid shoulder and resting his palm atop his chest, allowing his fingers to graze over his skin, through the fine hairs there.  He wonders if John will regret this.  He wonders if they’ll be able to hold onto it at all.
“All right?”  I ask, hesitantly.  He studies my face for a moment, then grins.
We find ourselves huddled around a small wrought iron table in the back of a stuffy café.  I watch John over my espresso as his eyes wander around the room, observing all the idiots going about their boring lives.  Letting the days go by. “I used to come here often,” He sounds almost wistful. “Haven’t been in ages. Mary would nag me constantly about spending money at a café when I could be making tea at home.” He scowls into his Earl Grey.  “She was a bloody freelance assassin, she must have had plenty of money. And it’s not like we had combined our finances anyway. Why should she care?” Can’t even begin to speculate. Never met the woman. I deduced fairly quickly, however, that she was naturally unpleasant.  Although I may have been a bit biased.
“Answer him,”  Finally. Silence broken.  Ben steps away from Irene, turning to face her.  His voice is soft but firm, clear that he’s not inviting argument.  “Where is she?”
I had hoped that I could convince him to come along.  Hoped that if we got out of London for a bit—and got back to the work—he would see that nothing has to change.  Wanted to show him that it’s fine—all fine—that we can carry on as we’ve always been. But he doesn’t want to see.  Doesn’t want to hear it. And I haven’t found the right words, anyway.
“Oh,” John mouths, grinning up at him.
(See the end of the chapter for
you idiot, things wouldn’t have gotten so bloody mixed up,”  Sherlock has gone still, eyes a bit wide.  This is the most they’ve said to each other, well,
“It’s been just over ninety hours.”
“I owe you mine, many times over.” He sighs, fingers still slowly brushing through the hair at my temple.
“Don’t be an idiot,” He says, tipping his head slightly toward the bed.  “We’ll share.  It’s fine,” Matter-of-fact.  No hesitancy, but no subtle undertone for Sherlock to grasp onto and mould into something resembling insight either.  Inscrutable as ever.  Sherlock says nothing, just tosses his small suitcase onto the burgundy plaid duvet and moves to stand in front of one large window.  It’s beautiful, he thinks.  The sheer scope of the horizon makes him feel pleasantly sanguine, makes him stand a bit taller.  “Are you going to tell me?”  John asks as he steps up to take his place, as ever, at Sherlock’s side.
“I was going to tell him,”  He says quietly, seemingly to himself.  “I probably wasn’t, actually.  But I’d thought about it.  Just seemed, you know—futile,”  His eyes are on his hands, the fingers of his left flexing into a fist and then straightening out again.  Over and over.  A nervous tick, perhaps.  Another thing about him that Harry doesn’t recognize.  “He was a prick.  I do know that.  Absolutely bloody thoughtless.  Rude even at his best,”  He closes his eyes for a long moment, then resumes staring blankly at his hands.  “That was an act, though.  Mostly.  He wasn’t like that when it was just me.  Just us.  There were moments when he’d look at me, and I’d think
Once we get home, we both make a beeline for the shower.  John pulls my shaft with long, slow strokes as he kisses me beneath the warm cascade.
“What?”
“Festive,” John says, glancing at me with a small smile.  I can’t get a read on him—can’t quite tell if it bothers him that we’ll be together at a place like this.  Case aside, it’s all a bit on the nose, walking into a gay bar side by side. He must know that assumptions will be made.  “I’m fine with it, you idiot,” He says, rolling his eyes. “You know that you’ve got a rubbish poker face. I can clearly see that you’ve been worried about this,”  I glare. He’s been adept at reading my facial expressions almost from the start. So perceptive of emotion, a skill that I will never possess. “Are you—um—” He looks down, fidgeting with his t-shirt as he tends to do when he’s uncomfortable.  “It’s not too strange?” He doesn’t meet my eyes. I know what he’s asking. He’s concerned that it will be too difficult for me. Worried that being with him at a place like this will only remind me of what I can never have.
Sherlock takes his time.  He lets his hands roam over planes of muscle, lingering in all of John’s softest places—then he turns John’s world inside out with relentless, competent fingers until he’s sobbing and wanting and pleading in his arms.  When at last Sherlock presses himself into John’s body, he moves in tender waves, steady rolls of powerful hips—slow and deep and so impossibly fulfilling, entirely consuming—such a clear testament to everything they are and all that they share that John can hardly breathe.
“Sherlock,” John says firmly from the doorway, narrowing his eyes at his flatmate’s dormant form.  If Sherlock Bloody Holmes has got flu, John isn’t sure he himself will survive it.  No response, not even a twitch.  He’s in his typical spot on the sofa, but curled on his side, facing the sitting room.  His arms are wrapped protectively around his torso—a defensive position.  Or perhaps an attempt at comforting himself.  He looks oddly boyish, unsettlingly harmless like this, and John does not like it.
Decided to post a third (shorter) chapter today, since it's pretty relevant.  I am obviously pro-therapy, and it's an ongoing theme in the show, so it makes a pretty heavy appearance throughout this story.  I think it's important, too, to acknowledge what Sherlock went through (the show never really did) so his PTSD is affecting him in everyday life in my version of events.
is what he said,” She lets out a huff of laughter, rolling her eyes.  “I just told him that it felt right.  That it was time.  And it was easy, in the end,”  John smiles.  He remembers Greg calling him the next day, demanding they go for a pint and then grinning like a fool the entire evening, shaking his head and saying repeatedly that he felt like the luckiest bastard in London.
Flick of the tongue, glide of my lips.  Up, down, faster,
“Who do you think?”  John rolls his eyes.  Harry hates Sherlock.  She cannot stand Sherlock.
“He’s here,”  Glances at me, raising a shoulder in a halfhearted shrug, then shifts the phone slightly so that we’re both visible on the screen.
It had begun as a list.  A list of regrets.  Not the most honest list, at first, but he’d gotten there eventually.  Admitted it to himself and to this unassuming document.  The lists gradually evolved into letters.  Letters to Sherlock.  Rambling streams of consciousness—all the things he’d never said, could never say, still would never say even if the man’s bloody ghost appeared in front of him right now.  He wouldn’t want to hear it, anyway.  Whatever he’d felt for John, it wasn’t this obsessive, desperate longing that John has had to accept in himself.
you.”
Standing outside the glass partition and staring into the steaming spray he’s just switched on, John can’t stop his mind from drifting toward everything that hasn’t yet been said.  Now that he’s left the safety of their bed (is it even
I wave my hand carelessly—“I’ll have Mycroft set it up.  Let him feel useful, for once,” John snorts. “He can expedite the whole process,” I look at John for a long moment, suddenly feeling a bit nervous.  Butterflies, really? “There are things I’d like to do, too,” I pause, feeling my heart swell beneath my ribcage. “Soon.”
He thrusts an arm toward John in what he hopes comes across as an imperious demand, a clear summons, an undeniable invitation.
)—she wanted to believe it.  But she didn’t.
been you,”  I watch as the realization slowly creeps across his face.  Pieces of the puzzle locking into place.
, but I’d like to label this if it’s all right with you,”  Of course it’s all right. I’ve thought of John as my partner in the work for a long time.  Referring to him as my partner in life, too, is very appealing. I smile.
“I’m ill.”
Moments pass, the air around us growing tense and uncomfortable.  We haven't looked away from each other this entire time, but we've run out of things to say.  John lets go of my hands. He fidgets, looks down. I feel the panic return. What now?
right here.  All night.  All morning.  Closer than Sherlock had ever dared to hope for.  He is pressed against Sherlock’s side from his gently thudding chest to his warm socked toes.  His head is pillowed on Sherlock’s shoulder, the fingers of his right hand tangled in the curls at the back of his head, where they’d been numbing Sherlock’s aching mind, overwhelming him in a way he hadn’t known was possible and allowing him to sleep through the worst of it for the first time in his life.
“Yep,”  She says, oblivious to the childish joy that this knowledge gives John and me.  She doesn’t remember a time before they were
I’m aware that nothing about us is
“All right.  I can call today, try to get us in this weekend, once we get back.”
“She wasn’t my
The train whisks us away to Kent, and we arrive just before nine.  All we’ve got is a name (Ruth Jones), an age (sixty-two) and an address.  Our cab drops us off outside a large block of flats. Relatively new construction.  But simple, inexpensive. And no security to speak of. We walk right in, take the elevator to the third floor, and stride down the hall to door thirty-eight.  I knock.
A knock at the door.
We ask the cabbie to wait as we walk together up the path to collect Rosie.  Molly answers the door, beaming and waving us in. Rosie sits at the kitchen table, blonde waves wild and completely covered in glitter—surrounded by a rainbow of pom poms and pipe cleaners.
He shouts as he comes, sound loud in my ears.  Reverberating dramatically through the stairwell we hide in.
I smile.  “There was never any hope for Mycroft.  And I made the mistake of idolizing him in my youth,”  I pause. I’m meant to be reassuring him. “They’ll love you.  They’ve never known me to care for anyone, and they’ve long been aware of the place you hold in my life.”
I’ve turned down this case no less than seven times in the past year.  I’ve been contacted repeatedly, each time being offered a more exorbitant sum of money.  As if I could be swayed by such a thing. Unimpressed by the complete lack of data, I’ve brushed it off each time.  But now, I’ve really got nothing to lose. After John’s poor reaction to my unplanned confession two months back, this city is rapidly losing its appeal.  It’s as if the colour has been drained from my life, and anything that will take me far away suddenly seems worthwhile.
John wants to say something profound in this stolen moment.  He feels antsy and a bit overwhelmed by the emotional revolution the last twenty four hours have been.  He’s still desperately trying to wrap his head around everything Sherlock has given him, and he wishes he had words sufficient to express the flurry of feeling this day has inspired.
Sherlock
Short and vague.  Need to pique his interest enough to convince him to see me in person.  It’s been weeks since we’ve even spoken, and I don’t fancy asking for a favour of this magnitude via text message.
It’s been a long day.  He picks a blade of grass and holds it up in front of him, clumsily tying it into a knot and then tossing it aside.  He’d done that habitually as a child—tied knots in blades of grass and the wrappers from straws.  As a young adult he’d spent his idle moments folding receipts and napkins and the labels from beer bottles into misshapen origami.  Always fidgeting.  His friends had teased him that it was pent up sexual energy causing him to pick at things, never quite staying still.  But it was never that.
“We’ve apprehended an armed male, half a block from the flat.  He took out both of my men that were first on the scene with gunshot wounds to the head.  A non-fatal shot to a member of the local police force that had arrived shortly after. The team I had dispatched arrived in time to witness the suspect fleeing the flat and were able to corner him nearby after a short chase.  He’s in custody now. So far has said nothing.” John and I exchange a wary glance.
“Yeah, well.  Sherlock isn’t quite so easy to define.  Thought I’d scare him half to death if I tried to bring it up.  But things are different now that he’s back—
Hal stares at me for a moment, seemingly trying to glean some sort of data from my face, then abruptly moves toward the edge of the booth.  “Need the loo,” He says. “Coming?” This is directed at Henry, who sighs, looking deflated. He stands, letting Hal pass, then follows as he disappears into the crowd.  Odd.
The feel of him—solid,
I roll my eyes and scowl as John looks from Mycroft, to my mother, then to me, and grins.  “Well I think it’s just lovely. So good to see you, Mycroft, how
Accidental sleep sex (frottage, to be specific) and a simultaneous panic attack.  No orifices are breached.  No one is severely traumatized.  Still, though.  A bit not good.
“The two of you—you’re—well?”  I roll my eyes.
I've drifted over to a fountain, have been staring down into the rippling water, barely seeing it at all.  Remembering why I'm here, I lift my head and scan the park once again. My gaze halts on a small bench, facing the water.  A head of silver-gold hair. It's him, I know it is. My stomach has dropped entirely away, heart dissolved in my chest. Empty.  I'm not sure I'm ready for this. Not sure I'll ever be. He'll be furious-- that I am sure of. His temper another fascinating facet of his persona.  Hidden behind a soft facade, always spawned by emotion. Protectiveness toward me, disappointment in me. Rearing its ugly head when I least expected it.  But I expect it now.
by Sufjan Stevens ♪
“John,”  Sherlock shifts back and sits on the floor beside him.  “This is a problem,”  Scowling stubbornly at his feet, John says nothing for a long moment.  He
“Ah,” Sherlock returns his gaze to the glittering sea, heart sinking a bit.  He shouldn’t have gotten his hopes up.  All this—all that’s between them.  John still doesn’t want it.  Doesn’t understand it in its entirety.
there, and he’d called Mycroft immediately to see what he could do.  That was three days ago.  He isn’t at all surprised, though, that Sherlock had made an assumption about his tastes.  They’ve learned to take their incorrect assumptions about each other in stride—they’ve had to.  “I love it,”  Sherlock says, finally,
I look back at John.  His expression is grim.  “Shit,” He says. Shit, indeed.  I leap down into the small round room—ignoring John’s protests—to investigate the drum.  Forty-four-gallon, by the looks of it. The type used to store chemicals or hazardous waste.  Completely immovable and firmly welded shut.
“We don’t need to get into all this again.  It isn’t that I don’t trust you, it’s that the feeling of abruptly losing you is never going to fully leave me,”  In all honesty, watching Sherlock leap from a building and out of his life for two years was the worst thing that’s ever happened to him.  There were bound to be lasting effects, even now that they’ve fought their way past it and built a new foundation.  John shrugs apologetically.  “Just had a bit of a panic,”  He tries for a smile, half succeeding.  He’s quite ready to be finished with this conversation.  Relief is now the dominant emotion, flooding his chest, his limbs, making him feel lighter than he has in ages—hope and excitement beginning to make themselves known.  “Got a bit wobbly,”  He grins when Sherlock rolls his eyes.  “Sorry I cried all over your posh shirt.”
Sherlock kisses as though he’d rather be nowhere else.  He holds back nothing—all traces of his practiced facade shed entirely, allowing the tender heart beneath to blaze brazenly through.  He kisses in a way that sends John spiraling wildly into the ether—the rest of the world falling away until it’s only the two of them—alight with the raw emotion that they’ve held inside for so
When Sherlock kisses him now, it feels like reassurance.  It feels like
Very recent history, in fact.  I now lean against a table at the station, ridiculous orange shock blanket over my shoulders and the reassuring grip of John’s hand over that.  We’ve just received what was ultimately a half lecture, half commendation from the detective inspector, and now all I want is to get the hell out of here.
“Whatever you need,”  She says, standing and pulling him to his feet as well.  She hadn’t planned to hug him, but now here they are, her arms wrapped tightly around his too-thin frame.  He’s not been taking care of himself—can hardly tell with those jumpers and baggy jackets he’s always wearing.  She’ll be sending the rolls upstairs with him, then.  Will bring the roast up later, pester him to eat a bit.  He returns the embrace, but keeps it brief, stepping back quickly and not quite meeting her eye.  “You know, that brother of his has demanded I keep 221B available indefinitely,”  She adds, not thinking much of it.  A rather large sum of money had appeared in her bank account, just after Sherlock’s death, to ensure that she does.  She certainly doesn’t need the money—would have held the flat for John either way—but Martha has learned not to question the actions of the elder Holmes, and she doesn’t especially want to rent to anyone else anyway.  It would be dreadful to have strangers living upstairs and traipsing through her halls.  “So if you ever decide to return—”
Rosie lets out a screeching, hysterical giggle when she walks in the front door and sees the tree.
“I—may have had a similarly meddlesome conversation with Lestrade at the Christmas party last weekend,”  Another sideways glance.  “After the mulled wine incident.  You remember,”  John laughs, lets himself really laugh for the first time in ages.  He remembers.  Of course he does.  An overly intoxicated and uncharacteristically chatty Sherlock isn’t easy to forget.  He’d clung to John for half the night, disappearing occasionally but always returning to fling an arm around his neck.
His bed is comfortable.  Grey cotton sheets, a simple, dark green duvet.  As he crawls into it he prepares himself for the inevitable.  His defenses crumble here—not that they’re particularly solid at any point in the day—but in the dark, when he’s quite alone with absolutely no reason to hide, they fall.
“Moran.  Sebastian, that is.  Moriarty’s right hand man and one of the assassins assigned to take your life if I hadn’t jumped.  I killed him,” I continue to stare. I have known for a long time now why he did it, but he’s never spoken of his time away.  I tried, when he first got back, but things were strained between us. He’d handled his return about as poorly as he possibly could have—all manipulation and a refusal to acknowledge what he’d done to me.  And I had been no better, resorting to unnecessary violence and my unfortunate tendency towards rage. Each attempt to talk had failed miserably—and on top of everything, Mary was always there, hovering around and making it all considerably worse.  I swallow. He’s still watching me closely, waiting for a reaction. I suppose I had known that he’s taken lives. It shouldn’t feel like such a surprise. But it’s difficult to grasp now that I know this gentle, warm side of him so intimately. I forget, sometimes, all that we’ve been through—how far we’ve come.  ”John—”
“John!”  Greg shuffles up beside Molly, clapping John warmly on the shoulder and ushering him through the door.  She loves this about him.  Loves his easy warmth in the face of tragedy.  It’s what drew them together in the weeks following Sherlock’s sudden absence.  It’s what kept her sane under the crushing weight of the devastating secret that she wasn’t in any way prepared to keep.  “Come on in, mate.  Pasta’s nearly finished and we’ve got plenty of lager in the fridge.  Hang your coat just there,”  He waves a hand toward the wall beside the front door, aiming a raised eyebrow at Molly, who smiles apologetically.  She’s already acting strange.
“Okay?”  He breathes, wanting to be sure.  Sherlock swallows, nodding and pressing his mouth to John’s forehead, sighing shakily against his skin.  John takes him in hand a bit awkwardly, emboldened by the quiet gasp his touch elicits, and begins a slow, steady stroke.  The drawn out moan pulled from somewhere deep in Sherlock’s chest resonates through John, rattling his rather dwindling sense of control and quickening his long, firm pulls.
He lets out a strangled shout, his release painting a line across the shower wall, and I catch him as his knees give out beneath him.  He’s boneless, a human ragdoll, so I clutch him against my chest.
like a clinging child, desperate for the comfort of proximity to the only person he gives a single sodding toss about in this moment.  “Such a bloody lush,”   John mumbles, the grin evident in his voice.  Sherlock smiles into John’s red plaid shirt.  There’s been more of this between them, since his return.  More of this softer version of their usual banter, bordering on flirtation, though he’s well aware that’s wishful thinking on his part.  Nevertheless, he loves it.  He craves it.  He huffs in mock annoyance, then groans when John begins to firmly stroke his back in slow, deliberate sweeps.
“We have a press conference scheduled for Monday,” We better tell them the rest of it. “We know they’ll ask, they always ask, and this time we’ll be answering.  There’s something else you should know, though,” Mrs. Hudson has been kind enough not to immediately ask about the woman John had planned on marrying a week ago.  I nod at Lestrade.
Sherlock interjects, stepping back and removing his pants in one swift motion, tossing them casually to the floor.  John laughs, shaking his head.
Neither of us has been back here in twenty days.  John used to walk these paths every afternoon, staring unseeingly at gardens, throwing coins into fountains, making wishes that he never really thought could come true.  Now I gaze down into the rippling water, in the very spot I stood when I first laid eyes on the back of his silver-gold head. He squeezes my hand, and when I turn to meet his eyes, I see that he’s looking toward the bench, instead.
“I’d planned a date,”  Sherlock says, voice hushed after an interminable bout of silent staring, hands linked in the space between their bodies as they each adjust to this new, candid reality.  John grins, clearly amused by this information.  Sherlock scowls, feeling like a bit of a romantic twat, but continues anyway, determined to repay John’s valiant words with knowledge of his own grand gesture.  “I’d intended to drag you up four flights of stairs to a fairy-lit rooftop terrace and spend a week’s earnings on dinner in an attempt to make you
“Maybe, yeah—”  This theory of Mycroft’s is starting to seem almost likely—Greg had been beyond shocked to hear that Sherlock had taken his own life.  The man had never given a toss about what the general public thought of him, and certainly wouldn’t have killed himself over a bad reputation.  But if someone was threatening John…He fishes his mobile out of the sea of papers on his desk.  “I’m calling him.  All right?”  John sighs, nods.  Greg finds the entry in his contacts titled The Other Holmes and for the first time since Sherlock’s drugs phase, he hits
“It’s just—”  It’s Hal who speaks, his voice jerking me out of my emotional reverie.  “Well, I did a bit of research last night. I like to be informed—you know how that is, don’t you Sherlock?  Anyway—” Where is this headed? What did he find? “Weren’t you
“All right,” I say.
Sherlock had said in a vaguely recalled text message.  Now that he’s here, in his presence, all that feels like a lifetime ago.
“Mm.”
The mattress shifts as John lies down beside me.  His lips on mine, his tongue, his warm breath. I roll on my side to face him and we move toward one another as if propelled by some force outside of ourselves.  Or inside, perhaps. A better metaphor:
I remember, John, of course I do.  I remember it all, every moment I spent with you.  Just one of the innumerable times you saved me.
I roll my eyes.  “Mycroft?” John is watching me with a grin on his face.
to be ridiculed.
“As I’m sure you’ve
Fingers weaving their way into curls and eyes squeezing shut, John presses his lips to Sherlock’s forehead, his temple—scattering kiss after kiss across the surface of his skin—heart thrashing and inhibitions crumbling with each unrestrained show of affection.  He can feel Sherlock shaking against him, breath quickening, long fingers threading through John’s own hair.  He can feel, too, the moment when Sherlock sheds his doubt—tilting his head up to seek out John’s mouth.
I roll my eyes at this idiocy.  Subtle, Mycroft. Fishing for gossip—Lestrade no doubt hovering over his shoulder, waiting with bated breath.  Truly shocking that they’ve made it an entire twenty-four hours without mentioning it.
Although we’ve yet to identify the substance, it’s been a productive day.  It seems to most closely resemble some sort of chemically manufactured psychedelic—in the same vein as LSD and MDMA—but with a few undeniable differences that have me at a loss.  I’ve forwarded my findings to several contacts in both America and the UK—so we should have second, third and fourth opinions within the week.
“Obviously.”
of the man—then there’s bloody nothing to be said.  So—
“John,”  Sherlock gasps, after an eternity—pulling away but remaining close.  “Let’s stay here tonight,”  He whispers against the corner of John’s mouth, lips drifting softly across his cheek.  It takes John an age to pull himself back to the surface and think this through, rather distracted by the evidence of Sherlock’s affection pressed hot against his thigh.  Their belongings are all here, so—yeah. Oh, but—
“Yeah, but we
A flood of pink and blue lights leap across the dance floor where swarms of people chat animatedly, sipping cocktails—few of them actually dancing.  The pop music that’s accosting my ears has a heavy bass that thrums through my body, rattling my bones and provoking what will surely become a piercing headache.  I’ve got to get out of here—need to make this quick.
“Not a problem,”  Perhaps we should be thanking him.  It was his presence that forced John and I to spend a night in close proximity.  We may not have made such progress at all if either of us had had the option to flee.
single.  A structured, contained life.  An honest attempt at self-rehabilitation and a desire to establish healthier routines.  And then there’s John—an unmoving lump on the sofa, covered in a faded, handmade quilt.  Family heirloom made by an adored grandparent, no doubt.  Mycroft takes a seat in the chair at his side, feeling the subtlest swell of something resembling warmth.  Appreciation, at the very least.  His brother loves this man dearly—and even to someone like Mycroft, that is no small thing.
He’s shaking his head, eyes still on the ground below.  “You keep calling her Mary. You don’t actually know anything at all, do you?” He looks up questioningly, scowling.
casual.  It’s been clear that this bothers him, but he seems hesitant to say so.  It must be odd, having known me for so many years and never once witnessing this sort of attention thrown in my direction—unless you count
His teeth scrape my skin now, and as the bruise beneath begins to form, marking me as his own, I lift my hips to meet his steady thrusts.  A request for more. He presses his lips to the bruise, my jaw, my mouth, then sits up on top of me, straddling my thighs. He rocks his hips forward, both of us hard as rods and beginning to leak beneath the barrier of our trousers.  His hands come down, unbutton, unzip. Freeing us both from our unfortunate confines. His palm glides through the moisture glistening at the head of his own cock, and he gives me a long, heated look as he takes us both in hand. I gasp, loudly, at the contact.  It’s glorious. Our shafts pressed together as one in his grasp, he gradually begins to stroke—up, down—in a steady, torturous rhythm. Chests heaving, fire in our eyes, our hips begin to thrust of their own accord into the circle of his hand. In, out.
“I’m—“
“It’s been suggested by my partner that it may be post-traumatic stress disorder.  A likely diagnosis, I think. Manifesting in the form of nightmares, panic episodes and spiraling negative thoughts.”
.  I disappointed him last night.  He couldn’t even be near me.
“He doesn’t hope to see
Well—within reason.
Memories of last night flood his slowly awakening,
“Bed,”  He says, and heads for the stairs, dragging John along without waiting for a response.
As it turns out, Ruth rang her big brother earlier this evening—just about an hour into our stakeout by the skips.  After a day of stewing in her own rage over Linda’s murder, she went ahead and picked up the phone. Told him exactly what she thinks of him—told him, as she’d wanted to, to go straight to hell—and gave him all the data he needed to know, for certain, that he’d finally been found out.
.  Come on.  He laughs.  “Don’t. You are,” I huff quietly, close my eyes again.  Fingers smooth my furrowed brow. Then he leans down, presses his lips to the spot just between my eyes.  I bring my hand up to his cheek, just brushing it with my fingertips. Suddenly the moment feels electric.  I keep my eyes squeezed shut, waiting. For what, I’m not sure. I know what I want to happen next. But John has been clear about not wanting to get ahead of ourselves.  And after everything that’s happened today, is this really the time for such a thing? I don’t know. Not my area. But then:
“I thought I’d be dead a decade ago,”  John’s face falls at that.  “Don’t, John—I only mean to say—”  He pauses abruptly to kiss John soundly, clearly meaning for the action to amplify his next words.  John kisses him back with all he’s got, pours himself into it.  Then waits.  Listens.  “I had nothing.  You gave me everything.  I think sometimes you think it’s the other way ‘round,”  He’s a bit drunk—they both are—cheeks flushed pink and words a bit rambling.  He’s captivatingly earnest like this.  Precious, truly.  John feels warm all over.  “You gave me everything,”  He repeats.
“Are you able to sleep?”  John has crouched down beside Sherlock now, listening to his pained breathing and wondering at his own increasing concern.  Lots of people get migraines.  He’s fine.  It’s
“Mm,” My eyes are flying rapidly across the article, scanning for any discrepancies.  “No mention of you, thank God,” I had made sure Mycroft had every intention of preventing the media from mentioning John’s relationship with Mary.  But one never knows what will slip through the cracks. “Would have been disastrous for your shiny reputation to announce to the world the death of your almost-fiance and your new lover in the same breath,” I smirk to myself as John groans.
“Ah—what?”
John rolls on top of me and kisses me thoroughly, smoothing his thumbs softly over my brows.  When I slide my fingers down and grab two handfuls of his arse, he laughs “All right,” Rolls off me. “Better not.”  I smirk..
When we shut the door behind us, we’re met with a ringing silence.  The room is small—the queen-sized bed taking up most of it—and it feels as though I’ve just set up and walked into a joke at my own expense.
I slam my laptop shut, letting my head drop back.  I glance over at John, unaffected by my mood, lost in another world entirely.  I want him in
“When did you become so cuddly?” he asks, grinning slightly at my clear discomfort.  Not upset, then. “That was about the last thing I expected to wake up to.”
They’d taken a cab to the restaurant—knowing full well that they would polish off a bottle and then some—and on the ride home they giggle breathlessly at nothing in particular, leaning on each other and playing with one another’s fingers.
“Wow,”  John says, staring at the photo, brow slightly furrowed.  “She’s beautiful,” He glances up at me. “But I never would have imagined
When she’s certain he’s asleep, Harry returns to the kitchen, yanking open drawers and tossing stacks of papers and random trinkets onto the worktop until she finds what she’s looking for.  The business card is unassuming—thick white paper with simple, navy blue text and a tidy, handwritten
I don't either.  I've spent two years speaking to the memory of you, John.  I don't know what to do now that you're in front of me. I don't say this.  "I've missed you," is what I say, again.
—the first time in my life that I’ve kissed someone and meant it.  Things are moving unexpectedly quickly, now that we’ve torn down our walls.
something.  Like it contains substance, significance.  When he breathes it now against his dampened forehead, when he pours it like honey onto his overheated flesh—it does.
“No,”  The incredulity in the air is palpable.
“Yeah,”  More than all right, if a bit confusing.  “Yeah, good.  Just—need some time.  Thanks Molly, really.  You’re a diamond.”
are dotted, the
(See the end of the chapter for
by one of my favorites that I've been listening to a lot lately in these weirdass times.  Click the link, I promise it'll make your heart soar.
“Are you all right?”
“Yes,” John agrees, closing his eyes.
“You first,” He narrows his eyes, a hint of his usual petulance seeping into his voice.  John smiles.  He can’t help it.
by Aya Nakamura ♪
—I’d thought perhaps she had gotten herself killed at last.  Our friendship, if you could even call it that, had faded fast.  And all of that aside, why not just ask me outright if she’d required my services?  Too many unanswered questions—I’m clearly missing something—
“It’s already begun.  When I can no longer bear it, there’s an arrangement in place.”
John swallows thickly, turns his palm up and winds their fingers together.  Sherlock’s skin is a warm, solid, comforting presence.  Real.  An anchor.  John squeezes, exhales shakily.
She continues.  He can almost hear the gears turning through the phone line as she thinks it all through.  “It’s a big step,”  Her tone says everything that she isn’t saying outright.  He sighs, feeling the last of his resolve begin to crumble.  Molly always has had a way of getting straight to the heart of it all.  She’s asked him several times over the years why he and Sherlock don’t just
I don’t move.  In fact, I’m struck a bit dumb by this entire turn of events.  I stare down at him, blankly. John rolls his eyes and tugs on my hair to bring our mouths together.  As soon as he bites down--
As we slowly lumber up the steps to 221B, I am becoming rapidly aware of the sleep deprivation I’d insisted upon while the case was on.  I’ve managed about twelve hours in the past week, and only because John dragged me to bed each time I began to lose the ability to keep my eyes open and hold my head upright.  He’s had a difficult time emotionally with this case—is exhausted in his own way.
“I like the sound of that.”
“He took the phone.  Why?”
“Hold on, I’m getting to the good bit.  When he goes over to confront the neighbor and get his dog back, the dog attacks him.  Bites clean through his forearm. But the thing is, he’s
He’d called her this morning after they’d managed to get dressed (though another half hour was lost to a thoroughly distracting snog on Sherlock’s bed).  She’d asked no questions, made no clever comments, only agreed to bring Rosie home at three o’clock—
boyfriend—but she isn’t convinced that it will be quite so easy with John Watson.  He could give her one pleading look with those big, sad eyes and she could spill it all in the name of Christmas.  She could hand him the package she’s kept hidden away, let it open a Pandora’s bloody Box of questions that she doesn’t have an easy answer for.
“What do you make of all this?”  We’re back on the road, headed to New Scotland Yard, where the suspect is currently being held.  Lestrade claims to have his best people questioning the man, but I have no doubt he’ll keep his lips firmly shut.  If that remains so, my brother will have him whisked away, questioned in a less subtle manner, and all traces of his existence removed no matter the outcome.  He’s responsible for the deaths of two of Mycroft’s men, and the consequences for such an action are no small thing. I’d like to get in a room with him before any of that happens.
“You’re a bloody assassin by trade.  Forgive me if my sympathy is limited.” John barks out.
"Where will you be?"  I hadn't really thought about it.  Baker Street next, I suppose. Mycroft has made sure 221B remained available.  It had never occurred to me before today that John wouldn't still be there, too.
“I’ll show you tomorrow.  I’m hanging up now, John, because I know you never will, and you really ought to sleep,”  And he does.  Click.  Just like that.
“Well, I’m—I’ll pay rent through the month, of course, but—as soon as I can find something else.  Within the week, I hope,”  He needs to get out, she can see that now.  It’s been torture for him, living amongst the memories.  She squeezes his fingers tightly, trying to convey that she understands, that she doesn’t hold it against him one bit.  “I’ll visit,”  He says quietly.  She won’t blame him if he doesn’t.  Sherlock was what held them together—the common link between them.  Now that he’s gone, they can’t look at one another without thinking of him.  The difference between the two of them is that Martha
“So tell me,” I sound angry.  Does this anger me?.
true.  They’ve certainly got the space, even if it is a bit ridiculous to drag this enormous dead tree into it.  John has never felt particularly strongly about such traditions.  Growing up, it was a tiny artificial tree and maybe a string of lights on the window if his father could remain upright long enough to hang them.  Sherlock runs a palm down the back of John’s head, coming to rest at his nape.  “Rosie will, theoretically, remember this Christmas for years to come,”  He says quietly, standing close, forming a comforting line of heat all down John’s side.  “She’s old enough now to form lasting memories.  It’s our first Christmas as a family, John,”  John feels a startling pressure behind his eyes at those words.  He hadn’t really thought of it like that.  He’s considered them a family for years.  For ages, it feels like.  But Sherlock isn’t wrong—and it is certainly their first Christmas in the cottage.  He wraps an arm around the narrow waist beside him, hand brushing over the familiar wool of Sherlock’s coat.
“Nine years,” she says.  Loudly.  Firmly.  Accusatorily?  John swallows around the unpleasant lump that’s forming in his throat.  She’s attempted this conversation before—or some version of it, at least—rather recently.  And he’d successfully dodged discussing it, because it’s
Everyone mumbles their greetings before resuming the conversation that had skittered to a halt when my brother walked in.  I nod toward the kitchen and he follows me in, accepting the glass of wine I pour for him.
“I’ve been awake for nearly an hour—woke up the second you rolled over and slipped your hand up my shirt,” I cringe, glance over at him.  He’s still grinning. “It’s fine, Sherlock.  It was quite nice seeing you like that,” What is that supposed to mean?  I narrow my eyes. He just laughs, climbs out of bed and heads for the loo.
Who might that be?”  A tone of nonchalance, but Ben knows better—subtlety has never been John’s forte.  He sets down the brush in his hand and turns to face him.
“Well yeah, yeah a bit,”  Sherlock swallows, turns his head, peering down the empty street as it begins to lightly snow.  “Sherlock,” John says quickly, realizing that for all his brilliance, the idiot has misunderstood.  “I regret that we didn’t find our way here
He feels a cold weight slide into his gut, starts to pull his hand away, but John holds on.  “Listen to me, Sherlock, please?  It’s—I’m not gay—on a sexual level, at least.  All right?  I only bring it up because—well, you’re concerned, aren’t you?  About what you’re
by New Order ♪
Sherlock opens his eyes, runs both palms down the firm planes of John’s chest, then back to grasp at his trembling biceps as he sways, a long-ignored, sealed-off and clamped-down part of him roaring to life, heat flooding rapidly from gut to groin.
I head down to check on Mrs. Hudson and find her putting the finishing touches on the trifle she’s made for dessert.  “Lovely,” I say.
you’d return at all.  I thought of how it would feel to let you go without telling you that I didn’t mean it.  That you didn’t ruin everything. You didn’t even do anything wrong. And I needed to set aside my own frustrations and make sure you knew that,”  An overwhelming ache in my chest, hearing him speak like this. I didn’t think that we could get back to this place. It took us years—and many shared traumatic experiences—to figure out how to speak openly with one another.  I thought that I had thrown it all away with five little words. “I made that mistake once—let you go without telling you what you meant to me. I learned the hard way that I need you in my life,” My heart sinks, a bit. Right.  I jumped out of his life for over two years. Left him behind with no answers, no explanation.
timeless recipe that Sherlock had used for the mince pies.  They’ve put Rosie in a proper Christmas dress because she would have absolutely insisted upon it.  Tomorrow they’ll have waffles and honey made from the waffle iron she’d made damn sure they keep.  And really, she gave them this home that they’re now thriving in, against all odds.
by Hippie Sabotage ♪
At some point John must have lain down beside him, tired but unwilling to release the hold he’d had on Sherlock’s seemingly immutable misery.  But he
John grins at me, and I lean over and give him a swift kiss.  Lestrade whistles. Molly giggles. Mrs. H. is now shedding actual tears, dabbing at her eyes with a table linen.  Ridiculous.
“Hang on—what’s this?”  His grin can be heard in his words, and Molly lets out another quiet chuckle.  Sherlock only rolls inward, tucking his nose into John’s armpit as John’s fingers automatically begin a slow sweep along his spine.  “Tell me, you prat.”
—into my body.  My eyes close, my lips part.  I gasp as my hands scrabble frantically across his back.  I pull him tightly against me, his face pressed into my neck—and we lie there, fused together, hearts beating violently within our heaving chests.
“I’ve found us a venue,”  They’ve been looking, sort of, but as it’s standard to book at least a year in advance and they’re unwilling to wait that long, they’ve had no luck whatsoever.  And apparently no one with a full-service wedding venue owes Sherlock a favour.  So naturally, John turned to Mycroft, and what Sherlock doesn’t know won’t hurt him.  “A conservatory.  It’s beautiful,”  He glances over, waiting for a reaction.  He gets nothing but a stunned scowl, so he pulls the mobile back out and opens the browser to the venue’s website, which John has been obsessively scrolling through in every free moment for the last few days.  He shows Sherlock the gallery—swipes through the images of the floor to ceiling windows, the towering glass roof, the sprawling tropical flora.  The place is perfect—half industrial, half natural—minimal, clean design but with an abundance of warmth.  Just like Sherlock.  It’s perhaps an odd choice for them, but that’s the point, John thinks.  They’ve each had a lifetime of odd choices that have led them to where they are now—why not celebrate that fact in a strange, beautiful space?
“Harry,”  Startled, Harry tears her eyes from her brother to meet those of Aoife, the fit-as-fuck angel of a barkeep who’d summonded her here with those two foreboding texts.  They’d shared a few barely-remembered nights together a lifetime ago, back when Harry still spent her days in places like this.  Aoife tilts her head slightly toward the chairs by the fire, loose dark curls shifting against slim shoulders, and Harry follows, sinking into the soft leather and leaning forward to listen, elbows on her denim-clad thighs.  “Look—it’s not often that I call on a man’s sister to carry him home.  He can handle himself—usually does just fine,”  Her bright green eyes are alert, determined, if a bit sad.  He must come here often, then.  Harry’s heart sinks a bit at the thought, cursing herself for not knowing, for not checking in more often.  “But I don’t think he should be alone tonight,”  She chews on her lip, clearly questioning her own intrusive actions.  “He hasn’t said anything outright—but—I have a sense for these things, Harry.  I’ve been there myself, you know?  He shouldn’t be alone,”  Oh.
“Seen Mycroft lately?”  He asks, turning to me with a smirk.  I grin. The image had me thinking of my brother as well.
“All right?”  John asks, voice quiet and slightly concerned.  He’s watching me as my mind reels. This happens often—spinning out, getting lost in thoughts of the past and dissociating from reality.  I haven’t been quite the same since my two years as a ghost. Never quite dealt with the mental repercussions of my time abroad.  But John is patient with me, these days. Things have gotten better.
I think.
before he let himself believe that he wanted a future together.  He’d worked himself up into a state of despair—hadn’t even considered that Sherlock had bought this house for
“Bit tiny, isn’t it?”  He rolls his eyes.
“John,”  A deep, fond rumble.  All things familiar and lovely and warm and right exist within that voice, and John lets it wrap him up—to calm his sizzling nerves and to begin to slow his thundering heart.  And now he’s crying,
Sherlock is out of chair and hovering in front of John before he can complete a single coherent thought.  When he kisses him it’s with the sort of intensity that sends John spinning like a wild and wobbling top, leaves him gasping, holding in a sob.  Sherlock pulls him up and out of his chair.  Kisses him again.  This time gentle, easy.  A whirlwind.
A pause.  One more breath, two, then—
—and John lets go.
again.”
John is crouched in front of the fireplace, stacking logs in the grate and fumbling with a basket of kindling that sits beside the built-in structure.  Sherlock leans against the wall, palms flat against the cold, worn stone as he watches him work.  He sees the muscles in his back shift beneath a thin white t-shirt, observes the way he holds his shoulder just-so, his posture betraying the pain that he’s clearly trying to ignore.  Perhaps being cradled and clung to within an inch of his life for the last hour has left its mark.  Sherlock feels a pang of guilt, a slight jolt of concern.
“Yes,”  This comes out as little more than a rasp.  I clear my throat. “Obviously,” I say, with a bit more success.  He smiles, then turns to rummage through his luggage for pyjamas. I head for the bedroom to do the same, mind reeling as I strip off my jeans and pull on a pair of silk pyjama bottoms.  I can hardly believe that this began only yesterday. How is it possible that we were able to shift our relationship into this new realm so naturally? It’s as if once I let him in, the dam broke altogether.  John knocks on the partially-ajar door just as I’m pulling a new t-shirt over my head. Respecting my boundaries. He doesn’t know that I wish to tear them all down. I want him to be able to see all of me—literally and figuratively.  He already knows more of me than anyone else has ever cared to. I open the door, eyes lingering on his for a moment, before crawling beneath the covers. He follows.
He gasps when at last they break apart.  “God, this is—”
