choking
and know that he’s being protected. From himself and from the world.
They bring in a glass of water for Tony. Steve’s the only one that notices the remaining colour in his face drain, his shoulder shooting up to nearly
Steve doesn’t remember much after cutting Tony down, and the feel of his body, definitely lighter and bonier, as it dropped into his arms. He only remembers sitting on the quinjet, his hands itching to hold Tony, to clutch him to his chest so that no one could ever take him away again. He wasn’t allowed to. On-site medics ordered him to keep Tony as still as possible, as they didn’t know the extent of his injuries. So Tony instead laid on a gurney, looking smaller than Steve could ever have thought was possible.
The only thing he knows is that the kidnapper had gotten away, and no clear motive was identified. This was the only thing Tony seemed to react to. If the slight widening of his eyes counted as a reaction. Steve tried to get more out of him. Softly spoken words gently prodding at the subject. Each attempt was met with silence, and on a few terrifying occasions, anger.
Tony felt like he was going to be sick.
healed. All he knew right now was that Tony was awake, his breaths not coming in deep intervals like they would be were he asleep.
Tony stayed in the hospital for two weeks.
comments and kudos always appreciated!
He knows it bothers Steve, but he can never catch himself before it fumbles its way out of his lips. Tony knows why. Of course he does. Everyone knows Cap doesn’t have a good relationship with the cold. It's common knowledge. Hell, even the five year old kids playing four-square on the school pavement knows this. Everyone but the Captain himself seems to know. Whenever a particular bad snow storm hits the city, and Tony catches Steve frozen in his spot by the window, all the colour drained from his face, he always pretends nothing's wrong. Everyone knows better. But Tony must not care enough to remember and stop himself this time.
His already fair skin drained to a deathly pale, dark bags under his eyes that add years onto his complexion, as if 100 years weighing on his shoulders wasn’t enough.
Steve holds him until they both fall asleep.
He knows he’s being unfair to Steve. He can see the way Steve looks at him. The way Steve…
I finished this at 2am, have mercy pls.
On one such occasion, Steve had been lying in bed with Tony. The genius’ back pressed up against Steves chest. It was concerning how many knobs of Tonys spine he could still feel digging into his sternum. He elected not to bring it up, focusing instead on how much better he was compared to when they first-
Two weeks later, and everything's fine.
Tony grits out, willing his voice to carry out, he doesn’t know if he can repeat himself without it giving way to - god forbid - a
-no, Steve wasn’t going to replay that memory again.
He’s crying.
It was a familiar and easy thing to feel. But now, Tony can’t even navigate through anything in his jumbled up brain.
But not now.
this was hard to write.
Usually Steve would be able to catch Tony on one of these kitchen escapades and proceed to coerce him into eating actual food, or to watch a movie or four.
fluff coming soon, but all the best fluff is after some heavy™ angst™
“What?” Tony answered, and Steve could hear what sounded like anger lacing the word. He knew he should have taken that as a warning sign, to back off, let Tony rest. But he started speaking again anyways.
Every time he sees Tony walking up from the workshop and into the kitchen to make coffee, something lurches within him. Tony looks normal. He sports grease wiped across some part of his body or slicking his hair up in spikes. Usually the sight would amuse Steve, under normal circumstances.
Sleeping peacefully mason was woken up by quiet whispers in her mind telling her to get up rubbing her eyes Mason slide of her bed making her way out of her room into the hall glancing down the corridor Mason saw a figure standing at the end of it she couldn't see its Shape only its silhouette, watching as the figure turned and walkway mason followed she wanted to know where it was going and why it was there and what it wanted as she followed the figure Mason's vision started to blur and dark spots danced in front of her eyes, the figure came to a stop in front of the roof to floor windows, standing next to the figure Mason looked up at its face she couldn't see anything but she could tell he was talking to her by the whispers going through her mind.
She was right he was distracted which wasn't in normal for him but he wasn't doing anything at all he was just staring into the distance which was un-normal for him“I'm fine just been having some odd dreams nothing to worry about, when did you get in by the way”
Tony could feel the pain of the stitches setting in but it was nothing he couldn't handle he had worse pains then this before, resting back against the pillow tony waited for them it only took a few minutes before they arrived his breath got lodged in his throat as he took in his beautiful baby girl he stretched out his arms indicating that he wanted to hold her, pepper placed her in his arms giving him a kiss on his forehead “She's beautiful Tony” pepper whispered he had to agree she was beautiful she had so much of steve in her little tiny features but the little fluff of brown hair on the top of her head was all his.
Sorry it took so long again i have a family member visit and i have been putting them is paragrafs if i did make a mistake I'm sorry i have been doing this at 4 in the morning  and the other chapter will be here soon I'm already busy with it
“You are willing to not see your family for however long the pardons will take over a grudge you hold against the same man that saved your family,” T'challa said astounded refusing to take the phone from barton as he stepped away from him he knew a lot about grudges but the grudge Barton hold against Stark was childish .
“Good afternoon sir how can i be of service” J.J child voice rang in Tony's ears.
{Tony} how would you feel if we push shield back into the light and also into the Government good graces, get it back in business.
Sam looked slightly guilty at that he knew Steve didnt sleep well and even a little sleep he could get was filled with nightmares.
“What is it Charles,” Tony asked.
(Thump thump)
“Masons mind is very sharp of the course of two years that mason has been with us we noticed she had been finishing her work and homework in record time she’s even tutoring students in the school helping them get better grades and not student in her same grade but those who are higher then she is the other day she helps an Eighth-grader get A+ in his mathematics and history, she doesn’t read a book like the rest does she just goes through it memorizing every word before she wrote it down with the exact right answer she even corrected a teacher when he got his answer wrong” Principle Davis explained Tony shouldn’t really be surprised genius was a family trait it ran in the family’
“You okay tones, you look tired,” asked Rhodey, he had an ice pack on his head from the splitting pain that went through his head.
: I'm done with him we will need to keep an eye on him from now on: a voice to his right said, he hadn't heard that voice before but he already knew where he was, a place he would never forget.
Tony did everything he could to prove that he was just as worthy of being an Avenger as Iron Man was; he was cranking out assignments for SHIELD left and right, continuously upgrading the Avengers’ gear, attending board meetings and press conferences for SI as well as keeping on top of the R&D workload. Suit repairs were also on the Mandatory list, as well as developing new tech and fabricating entire new suits. He was burning the candle at both ends.
Plus, Loki wasn’t wrong. Tony was pretty powerless as a dog, and there was only one option left to him.
“Let’s go on a walk. Or at least try. I know a lot of cats that like walks, so let’s hope you don’t mind it.” Tony was actually glad to get out of the small room and burn off some of his nervous energy. Peter didn’t have to fight to get him into the harness, and as soon as they set foot outside, Tony was attempting to drag Peter down the street.
“Chuvstvovat' sebya luchshe, shchenok.” She whispered, leaning forward to kiss the side of his head before she got up and left. Bruce and Steve stopped drying and watched her leave, giving Tony incredulous looks when he caught their gaze. They didn’t say anything though, and instead continued rubbing his back.
“Wait. I believe there to be an illusion here.” Thor said, lifting his tail to keep the rest of the cats from walking any farther. “Loki, stop your tricks!”
Loki shouted in surprise and sliced his knife across the meat of Tony’s shoulder before he dropped it, instead using both hands to pull at Tony, who held on for dear life. He couldn’t see what was going on behind him but he saw mjolnir glint out of the corner of his eye and Loki’s body lurched to the side. They nearly toppled over, but Loki finally yanked himself free, and then he was gone, letting Tony drop to the floor like a sack of potatoes. His back hit the cement and all the air was pushed out of his lungs in a
“Oh, let me go find something for you to write on.” Bruce vanished back into the hallway, and Steve was still searching the room when he returned.
lost his grip in battle. That just wasn’t how he worked.
He couldn’t book it out of there to save himself- no way.
Immediately Fury looked to the agent on his left, and she took her backpack off and rummaged through until she pulled out something black and bulky, handing it to Fury. He tossed it right to Tony who had to roll off his bed and dodge it- it made a heavy
Tony flailed into a sitting position and started to cough. His eyes were watering and there was something on his face, what the fuck-
“What do you take me for, Phil? Have you gotten into Stark’s scotch?” He sounded pissed. Steve meowed, and patted at Phil’s leg with his claws sheathed. Phil sat down on the ground and let Steve clamber up into his lap, without even batting an eye as the soldier meowed into the phone. Fury spluttered and they could hear the scraping of chair legs against the ground. “Coulson, what the hell-” He started, but Steve meowed again. There was an agitated sigh, before Fury tried again. “Which one is that?”
“Tony? Where are we?” Natasha hacked, trying to push herself up on her elbows. She seemed to remember what had happened because she groaned, putting her hands on her thigh. They had to get her out before the building destabilized, and it seemed like most of the issue was her left leg. It had to be trapped under a beam or something heavy. Tony turned and pulled the mask off his back, dropping it on Natasha’s stomach. She fumbled to put it on while he tried to think.
His story finally trailed off, and they breathed in the silence, his face buried in Tony’s side as he clutched at the dog like a lifeline.
He popped his nose up into the ceiling, gentle as a lamb as he closed his teeth on the device. If he could, he would be sweating bullets.
Tony put the bowl back and went to find Bruce, who was holed up in his lab. The motion-sensing doors opened for Tony and Bruce looked up, a little frown on his face.
Sure enough, it folded like a chair. Before Tony could worry about it getting up, Spider-Man came up from behind and webbed it to the ground, tearing off the head for good measure.
“She’s still alive, ‘cause of you, buddy. Thank God you’re one stubborn sonovabitch who doesn’t know when to quit.” Clint sat back and got out his phone again, and Tony’s tail swished back and forth on top of the covers in the quiet. He craned his neck around to see that the clock on the wall read 6:32- and it definitely wasn’t p.m..
“I’m sorry we kept you inside. That was a bit thoughtless on our part.” Tony blinked at Steve and then have his tail a few happy thumps, hopefully conveying that the apology was accepted. Steve gave him a small smile and stood up, picking up Tony’s leash as he gestured for him to get up.
“Miss Potts, there’s been a situation. Nobody is hurt, and everybody is accounted for, but I would prefer to debrief you in person, and privately.”
“Want to go down to the track?” Natasha asked, standing up and stretching before leading the way to the elevator. “We can run off some of this stress. I’ll race you both; we can see which of us is the superior cat.” She waggled her rump and trotted past the metal doors, leaving Steve and Clint to scramble after her.
The room settled in a comfortable silence, besides Tony’s rattling breath and the shuffling noise of Natasha and Clint’s cards.
“Iron Man, I don’t think it’s the safest idea. You’re too close, and one wrong move-”
“Okay! So, Jarvis should be back soon, and he’ll be a big help in sorting out the robot attack. But for now-” Steve paused when the lights flickered back to life, sparing a look towards Tony, who had his tongue out and tail wagging. Steve winked back. “For now, we need to put together everything we already know for Fury- and Shield- to look at. Ah, perfect timing guys-” He said, the others turning to see Bruce and Clint entering the room with several party-platters worth of sandwiches. Fury, Hill, and Agent Jackson filed in behind, all with bemused expressions.
“Yea, memory loss is a bad sign. It wouldn’t be a bad idea to have her give him a check up.” Bruce nodded, patting Tony on the uninjured side of his face.
“Um- I’m sorry, but I- I feel like I'm totally missing something. Am I under arrest? Is that a- a genetically enhanced dog? What’s going on?” The kid piped up, hands still hilariously straight up in the air. Natasha gave him a quick once-over, then made eye contact with Tony. She seemed to understand his unspoken thoughts, because she shook her head.
Peter gaped a bit like a fish, and the cats took the opportunity to whisper-yell about it.
“It’ll be quicker if you duck and let me scrub out the soap, instead of using the cup.” Steve said, pausing when Tony didn’t immediately react.
The horrible, disgusting truth about life is that sacrifices have to be made.
Peter didn’t agree.
Tony couldn’t fight, couldn’t work on any of his projects, couldn’t go to board meetings.
“What now? There’s not much we can do like this.” Bruce sighed, nearly falling over when Clint bumped their shoulders together.
“It appears the fighting is heading south, closer to the heart of Queens. It started with an explosion about a half hour ago, and has continued to-” Tony tuned her out as he watched the destruction, now from the angle of a helicopter. It was a swarming mass of glinting metal, like some kind of giant snake made of millions of small, interconnected moving parts. His anxiety lessened a little when he spotted a blue-and-red form trying to wrangle it, spinning webs and keeping it from smashing into too many residences.
“Stark, there’s nothing here. What are you looking for?” Clint called, turning to make his way back to the entrance. Tony let out an anxious whine that startled them both as he felt his fur standing on end. Didn’t Clint feel it?
A sudden clatter of shifting bricks behind him and Tony spun, rolling out of the way as the dark shape from before rushed him. All Tony could hear was the crunching snow and pounding blood in his ears as he scrambled away and shook his head. The pressure in the air changed as he was getting his bearings, and he turned to see both the figure and the tesseract gone.
“Okay, let’s calm down for a minute-” Tony began, but Peter started to pet his head and whatever he was going to say dissolved into a happy purr.
“Do not get involved in matters that do not concern you.” She hissed, fur puffing up as she got ready to finish her work with Loki. Tony darted over to the exhausted and bleeding villain, any trace of uncertainty gone as he stood over one of their worst enemies, this time to protect instead of maim.
Tony kept it up for almost another hour, while Steve groomed himself and watched in amusement at Tony performing various things like hopping on his back feet or bobbing his head like a chicken. He was also learning which motions meant what, so Tony supposed that it wasn’t all for a laugh.
They stared at each other for almost a minute before Clint heaved a sigh and gave up. He instead staked out a position by the stove and didn’t bother leaving again, occasionally shooting Tony glances as he instead played a game on his phone.
Steve said, the whirring of engines heard both through the speakers and distantly above the house where the jet sat on the roof helipad.
“Well I don’t plan on making any wrong moves, so I think I’ll be fine. We can handle it, just keep any from escaping. We don’t need these things terrorizing the rest of New York state and getting us sued.” Tony said, shutting off his comms when Steve continued to argue. Tony could take care of himself- he wasn’t a child!
“Swear jar!”
It was a long ride down to the containment level, and the elevator made a brief stop at the main level- which was weird, this was the private elevator, and nobody had alerted Tony that they were visiting-
Natasha had one speed as they traversed the debris, and it was
“He’s okay. A little bruised, and hit his head again, but nothing some sleep and a Tylenol won’t fix.” Bruce assured.
with her, he could make her see how important this was, how much danger Peter was in.
way Tony would eat that.
Tony’s ears flicked back and he shot Steve a scathing glare.
“Is it okay if I take off your collar?” Steve asked, and Tony forced himself to give a short nod.
“I heard about how you nearly gave Clint a heart attack this morning.” Steve added, and Clint glanced over at them with a snort.
“Coulson isn’t stupid-”
? They were never this pissy before he’d been a dog, and he hadn’t even done much! He had so much energy that he was constantly restless, was it really his fault that they didn’t let him outside? Clint had found him successfully using a regular toilet (Tony was still slightly mortified) and they all figured he didn’t need to go out, since he didn’t need to use the bathroom in the grass and it was ‘dangerous’ for him anyway. And now they didn’t even realize what happened when they left him locked in that room, gave him flashbacks of all the painful memories his brain could come up with.
“See? There. No harm, no foul.” The kid practically hopped to his desk, plopping down in the chair and lifting the screen to his laptop. “Let’s see…” He swiveled and scooted forwards in his chair, rolling Tony onto his back. The cat barely had time to register what had happened before he was released and the kid went back to his computer. “Okay, male… what breed are you?” He looked over at Tony for a few seconds before he minimized Photoshop and pulled up a chrome window, oblivious to the cat’s mortification. This guy just casually checked out my junk. Tony felt a little insulted, and very violated. He gave his chest fur a few quick licks and perched himself on the highest mound of blanket.
An hour after that and Tony ran into Steve in the kitchen. The access to his lab had been turned off and the whole downstairs was dark, so Tony had taken to wandering frustrated throughout the mansion. It was strangely and uncomfortably reminiscent of his childhood before he had been sent to boarding school.
“I have movement, southwest of my position.” He whispered, but the comms only fuzzed in response, just as they had on the last mission. Must be the tesseract messing up his connection.
For the rest of the day, Peter and Tony chilled out in Peter’s room. Tony was forced to get used to wearing a collar, and Peter was forced to actually make the fliers. The picture he used was one of Tony sleeping, and Tony found himself slightly annoyed that the kid had taken pictures of him while he was asleep. One of the cons of being a cat, he supposed.
“No, i dont think she remembers the only thing i got out of her was last night when she told me he was coming,” Tony told Charles.
Which she did her tiny hand took hold of his finger holding it as he stood taking her toward a roofed platform before kneeling again retrieving a little retractable double-ended dagger from is armor pocket and showing it to her.
“Lay still and shut up Stark you don't really want to hurt the baby but it's going to happen if you don't stop moving” Gaurd McCrawl snapped before he surged forward sealing his lips on Tony's, the utter disgust as tony fought against the hold on his jaw while McCrawl stuck his tongue in Tony's mouth, fighting against the invasion but failing to get free tony did one thing that would do the trick he bit down on the intruding tongue as hard as he could almost tasting blood.
“ The surgery had gone off without major complication, however, the umbilical cord was wrapped around the baby's neck there hadn't been any damage that we could see and the baby is in good health” the doctor explained.
It went as fast as it came as a new memory was shown.
“Oh he already has, he was the first one who did”
: you think the procedure worked this time: the other voice asked he could recognize the head guard voice, it sends chills down his back.
Steve couldn't sleep after tony's meeting with T'Tchalla and finding out Tony was probably dying AGAIN as Natasha had told them, he couldn't sleep afraid when he did he would get the news tony was gone and Steve couldn't make things right with him.
°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°
Tony didn't want to be here, he was feeling uncomfortable, a feeling of unease that slid down his back, knowing there was a house full of mutants almost just like him now and two of those mutants was telepaths.
“yes boss, the super soldier serum I had run was not the same strane of serum that Capt Rogers has however its a well made copy of the super soldier serum its also the exact same serum that was used on Sergeant James Buchanan Barns”
Entering the back mason instantly headed for her friends leaving the grown-ups to walk and talk “so prof what can you tell me, what kind of abilities does she have how can we help her control them,” Tony asks as he strolled beside Charles watching as his daughter played with the other kids, Mason loved the school and she absolutely adores Charles and Eric they were like uncles to her and let's not forget her new best friend Piotr at first he was a little bit worried about his size and the fact that he was made entirely out of Crome and he was scared she could get hurt but that fear didn't last long as he watched as Piotr handled her like spaned glass and allowed her to use him as her own personal jungle Gym it was amusing to watch the big Crome man being a giant teddy bear for a little girl.
They knew the king was right even going near tony was a bad idea, the UN and Ross would be watching tony and the rest of the Avengers, which are left, like a hawk and they couldn't risk it.
Now all he had to do is figure out how he was going to do that while he was retired he didn't want his kid to go through what he did when he was young that includes losing her parents or parent at a young age
“As much as i hate to interrupt this lovers quarrel but we got a situation,” Natasha said looking up Tony could see what she meant the monster was splitting in four making them smaller but a lot more aggressive as they attacked anything that moved.
{Tony} Oh don't worry i have my ways.
Watching as the car pulled up Charles tried again to see if he could get inside starks mind but was rejected from starks mind with such force it caused pain to shoot through his mind.
“Good let me know when you do we will send out a team to retrieve bartons family” Ross replied.
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••
Watching as stark left the building, get into his car and drove off he dialed his employer.
°°°°°°#+#°°°°°°
“yes he would be okay he'll just have a headache but unharmed are you all alright” Charles ask he already know Tony won't talk about what he saw so he didn't try
Yes I'm sorry i hadn't update for a while a tragedy had happened in my family and i lost my dad and then we had to move its been extremely busy days for me helping to support my family that's for your patience<3<3
“We heard about the attack we came here to help,” Steve said as both of them pulled the truck away so the civilians could get out.
{{{<3<3}}}
He was having a relatively good day today he was working on a new project but he couldn't stop thinking about the damn dream to concentrate on it, he didn't even know where it came from he never thought of Steve like that okay he would be lying if he said he hadn't thought of Steve like that maybe once or twice but it's kind of hard not to notice the walking talking living breathing sex on legs that live under the same roof then he does and besides tony is a ladies man he liked woman the curvier the better.
“Did you really think i didnt know”
“Braxton hicks,” Tony asked, by the way, the doctor's tone of voice, tony didn't quite understand.
*Yes Macie its papa listen to me you need to stop* Tony almost yelled out loud.
“Again, Tony, I thought we talked about this” Rhodey Muttered as he stepped into the lab tony was in his second trimester and Rhodey wasn't taking any chances, he knew Tony wouldn't put the baby in any Unintended harm but with his run before walking habit have placed Tony in danger on more occasions then he could count,“and what the hell is that” Rhodey asked staring confused at the sphere shape pieces of metal on tony work table.
Taking a seat next to hank and Rhodey sat next to him there was a plate of three waffles with cream and syrup placed in front of him along with a cup of coffee which was quickly grabbed away from him by a curtain mother bear who doesn't want him drinking coffee, he thanked Raven for the food and dug in.
“For your information, i don't pout,” Tony said earning a chuckle from Rhodey as he walked further into the room sitting at the end of the bed.
Receiving nothing but a shake of the head and a shrug from wong Strange let out a long overdone sigh, who knew wong could be so difficult, bending down strange went to pick up the child only to grasp air as the child disappeared.
She should have known, God she should have said something now she hoped she wasn't too late as she ran down the hallway to the room they held Stark, Doctor Mason halliway had seen the way some of the guards had watched stark especially one of them that looked like he didnt want to keep his hands to himself but she didnt think they would be stupid enough to do something its the reason she didnt say anything in the first place but she regretted it now as she had noticed that none of the guards that had an interest in stark want at there intended posts and she knew why God she should have done something, she hated that hydra had a hold on her she wished she was braver to stand against them but her son was her weakness and finding a cure for his disease was one of her most important goals but seeing what they had done to stark and finding out what they had planned after the baby was born made he stomach turn she didnt want that for a child and it had made her think of her son and how much she would do anything to save him but not like this he would hate her if he had ever found out what she had allowed a baby to be used like this so she made up he mind she was going to help stark escape she just needed to find out how and now she needed to save him before something worse happened to him.
Charles watched out the window not really paying attention to the scenery after Rhodey had called Charles to inform him that Tony had been kidnapped Charles has been extremely worried not just because tony had become one of his close friends but because hydra now had there hand on one of the most powerful Mutant Child in Mutant history and the damage they could do to the child and the world would be devastating and they had no idea on where tony was and that they couldn't find him and neither could, Charles, because the child was shielding tony's mind and protecting him from any unwanted intrusions.
Mason bolted upwards in her bed her heart rapidly beating in her chest echoing in her ears covering her ears as she screamed, the voice repeats the words over and over again Powerful blast after blast of Energy expanded outwards making the tower shake with the force of it.
“Go for below the tentacles,” tony said to steve who nodded in return before running towards the monster informing the others and tony took to the sky, it was going to be a long day and tony could already feel the headache coming.
He was sitting enjoying his free day, his daughter was sitting in front of him she was babbling as she played with her toys, noticing it was masons feeding time.
He snorted no matter how many times he brought stark in here debroski always asked the same thing every time“ when doesn't he” he grunted as he strapped stark to the table “i would have been surprised if he came willingly” checking the straps to see if it was tight enough he turned to debroski,
“I don't know but ill find out,” Natasha said patting Sam on the shoulder before she left.
“Mr. Stark are you all right” T'challa ask him suddenly it all came to him he just had his very first kick here in Wakanda where the Avengers were, Where Steve is.
Oh and before I forget Thank you all for reading my story with the kudos and comments and the hits ily injoy reading
“I understand Mr. Stark if there is anything I could do please let me know” T’challa said and he meant it he hated when children got hurt and he hated it the most when the people that hurt children gets away with it and if T’challa could help stop those people he would and that made his decision much more easier to make “we will talk again Mr. Stark”.
“then what do you expect us to do Mr. Stark” T'challa ask what stark had explained had made a lot of sense and he could see that many Enchanted individuals would feel trapped in that circumstances rebelling would have been a natural outcome of the situation but somehow he felt that's how they wanted it and that didn't sit well with T'challa.
Tony felt her step closer to him fiddling with the machines next to him “I'm sorry about this, i had no other choice” she said tony felt his body go numb again he wanted to feel sorry for her but sympathy was in short supply at this time as he the world go dark again
“The good news is its a girl” tony smiled at Rhodey “Whats the bad news” Rhodey asked.
Thinking back to his own childhood tony couldn't say he had the worst but he also couldn't say he had the best, with an always absent father Tony had substituted Jarvis as more of a father with his kindness and patients tony had someone to Confide in a best friend and he wanted that for his daughter someone that she could confide in and also protect her when she was in danger.
“What I'm saying is that unborn child is a class 5, Omega Level mutant just think how powerful she could become when she is born, she may be even more powerful then jean”
“Okay, but tony we do need to talk, ”Rhodey said which made tony really grateful he knew they needed to talk he was just glad Rhodey didn't push for it to be now, “Come on let's check if they made breakfast yet”.
“Damn straight he will pay I’ll make sure of that” Rhodey says walking into the room fuming with anger,r “any leads to where she is”,
“Wait what do you mean complicated” Tony replied turning toward Charles looking for an explanation.
“He will come” the thing from before voice whispers in her mind.
Gapping at Rhodey in utter disbelieve “What, Friday put up the vid right at the beginning would you” Tony said with both of them turning toward the display that popped open, watch a previous tony working at the bench for a solid 5 min before Rhodey Strode in if not stormed in, not much with a greeting rhodey started asking Tony about the call to the king and why there had been a flight scheduled when Tony went on and told rhodey about their upcoming visit to Wakanda as they watched Rhodey try and make tony see reason they noticed as tony shoulders became tense but also the light started to vibrate and swing a little the more Rhodey try as talk Tony out of it the more the light swung until Tony finally snaps and turns towards rhodey eyes blue and glowing slightly a flicker went through the vid briefly but continues as normal till present time were both men watch in utter disbelieve Rhodey had seen tony eyes turn blue but he hadn't noticed the lights.
°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°
“The king requests your and the rest of the Avengers presence in the common room”
“ Good afternoon Mr. Stark, Mr. Rhodes i hope you had a safe travel?” Charles asked as tony climes out the car.
Coming up with a brilliant idea tony turned and headed back where he had placed Masons bottle Tony knew how to lure Mason out she could never resist the baby choc milk tony had gotten her he didnt give it to her a lot due to the higher sugar contents but she loved it and tony couldn't deny her, coming to the table he had placed her milk on tony noticed one thing her milk was gone “Oh you little trouble maker” Tony said as he stared at the empty spot on the little table tony had placed masons milk on no doubt she had taken it just as his back was turned it was time he started searching again no matter how many times mason had disappeared tony still worried he didnt know where she could have gone but he guessed it was because of his fatherly instinct.
“I have a plan B.” Tony said, making eye contact with Steve. If he could raise an eyebrow, he looked like he’d have one in his hairline. As it was, his gaze said,
? Like sardines?” Clint scoffed, ears flat back as he watched Tony jump up onto the terminal and start to type. A few short commands lowered the suit to ground level, and JARVIS maneuvered it to rest on its back.
“Okay, awesome. I-I should probably go help them finish, first. Get rid of the robots, I me-mean.” He said, pointing awkwardly towards the dwindling fight.
Ten minutes of stifled chuckles and pictures before they made it to the helicarrier and Tony was finally released from his new personal hell.
“Why did you do that? He’s not an animal!” Pepper said, both hands massaging underneath Tony’s ears.
, he finally let go of the tension that had built in his muscles.
“Cross my reactor, hope to die.” Tony said, which startled a tiny chuckle out of Clint.
The team had all fled the communal area as soon as they got back though Bruce had gone into the kitchen while everyone else went to their rooms, likely to get some tea while everyone else showered the disgusting bug guts off. Tony didn’t hear Bruce come back into the living room, but he felt a comforting hand on his shoulder after almost a minute of creative scream-swearing into the poor pillow.
“Yeah, think of it as pet-sitting, but for a famous person. You’re just… taking care of Tony Stark’s cats while he’s away. This is until they’ve been transformed back, of course.”
When Peter walked in the door of the house, Aunt May was standing in the entry, waiting for them.
Coulson was tapping at his phone the entire time they ate. Maria talked with them a bit; Bruce was the only one who didn’t know morse code, but Thor happily translated for him.
“Be careful, Tones.” Bruce said, turning the TV off and gently maneuvering himself out from under Tony.
“Rise and shine, sweet-cheeks. Up and at ‘em.” If Natasha had been awake, she would have punched him in the jaw for the sweet-cheeks comment. As is was, the lump shifted for a second before stilling, and then she started scrambling madly to get out of the fabric. “Tasha!” Clint lifted up the collar of her uniform to let in some light, and she was out like a shot. The three of them stood back warily as she looked around, her tail fluffed up and thrashing around. Clint was the first to speak up.
“Mason get back here this instance,” Tony yelled as he chased her into the living room, the bathwater was ready he was busy undressing her when she had bolted out of the bathroom with him giving chase they were lucky she had stopped with the instant teleportation or else someone would have walked into a naked child giggling like a loon.
“That most unlikely boss”.
Grunting tony halted emitting a groan from steve missing the friction, Tony leaned down grabbing his pants, pulling out (convenient) packed of lube and throwing it back down, straddling steve's thighs again tony tore open the packed and added a considerable amount of slick in his palm and slicking up steve's Cock as he was about to slick up his fingers to loosen him up for Steve, Steve grabbed his wrist.
Stepping out from behind vision peter stepped toward tony putting his hand on his shoulder and helping tony up “sorry mister stark but this place was not easy to find” vision stepped  forward helping Peter get tony up from the floor tony whispers
“I dont give a shit about what you think but seeing as we are already losing I'm not going down alone if hydra cant have the child then no one will” the guard aimed the gun at stark, her heart fell to her feet she couldn't let him do this she had to save them both.
“Its okay tony it was just a dream your fine”.
“I had a bad dream can I sleep here tonight” mason whispered softly.
Leaning back watching as pepper went about the kitchen it was a good idea even if meeting Ross send a shiver down his back he knew he had to do it,
The room started to lit with a blue glow and the man that had given him his successful subject stood before, he never communicated with them frequently due to not wanting anyone to know about his association with the group so knowing he was risking it know told him this was not going to be a nice chat or a usual update.
Mulling over starks words, it was quite a lot to go on “ I take it you won't be telling me of which party you plan on exposing” T'challa asks.
“But why can’t daddy stay with us don’t daddy love us” Mason asked her lower lip wobble a little and it broke his heart that he couldn’t take her to meet Steve he wanted to but he couldn’t.
“Come on Papa its time to wake up”.
How badly was he hurt?
“Yes on occasions but how far will that stretch before or after someone innocent gets hurt and the ones responsget gets away wi,th it,” Rhodey said.
“No wait Dr. Halliway,” Said but the pain seized him up.
“So stark is dying again, i dont see a problem here he put us in the Raft, caged us like animals i say he deserves it” Wanda spoke up for the first time since the news of tony's arrival.
Back at the Hydra base
“Yes I remember it was quite impressive for a girl her age”
6 YEARS OLD
“Steve” Sam called out as he knocked on the door again.
“Please be careful and i mean both of you,” Pepper says as they flew off towards Hawaii.
••••••••••••••••••••••
He hated the fact that they could see him like this tony didn't want anyone to see him anything other than strong.
°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°
“Tony's stong James he'll pull through” pepper whispered taking one of Rhodey's hands.
“Steve please I'm ready” Tony moaned as he felt Steve rub Against tony's prostate sending shocks through his body.
“I think i know where Tony is”.
“Mr. Stark I’m glad you could join me today, and I’m sorry if I worried you there is really nothing to worry about,” Principal Davis said giving mason a smile before he continued “you have an extremely genius little girl Mr. Stark and we love her here but the thing is we don’t have anything more to teach her”.
Tony know to raise a child was not going to be easy, he didn't expect it to be, he just wished someone out there could have written a book of how to raise a super baby, ever since Mason was born tony was a wreck not only with recovering from surgery, no, he was wrecked because Mason is a year old and her powers were getting stronger by each passing day.
T'challa had a lot to think about after the gala and tony proposal he couldn't stop thinking about the idea a diverse council for the enchanted Individuals and mutant citizens of the world, it wasn't a bad idea given the bad treatment of those that don't deserve it that he could understand he had seen it many times but Starks reason for building this council had him a little skeptical why such a big step for just getting the Avengers back, there had to be another reason, could it be because he was dying and didn't want to take any chances or was there something else, he could ponder about it all night but it wouldn't give him any answers and he had more important thing to think about.
“No, you lost to much time, go to your therapy sessions and ill go to Xavier's, i will be fine besides its only a few hours” tony reassured he was grateful that Rhodey would be there for him when he needed him but he also needed to look out for himself.
“Still pouting tones you know it's for your own good,” Rhodey said standing in the doorway, Tony Stark does not pout his lips aren't even plumpy so how could Rhodey see he was pouting in which he is not, he wanted to scream at Rhodey but he knew it wouldn't help he was bored, his hands are twitching his body was vibrating with energy he wanted something to do, he needed something to do.
Tony concentrated on the static almost as if he was turning into a frequency, getting closer and closer he could almost hear voices they were muffled like they were talking underwater.
“Fine but i don't like this, Friday you better give me updates i want to know how the trip went and you” Rhodey turned pointing at tony “better not tell Friday to withhold information got it,” Rhodey said making sure with the tone of his voice how serious he was.
“Not to interrupt or anything but none of you watched the news six months back did you?” Scott asked.
{Tony} so when i get the Rogue Avengers Pardoned and i will, i want them to be with a government they trust.
“sweetheart daddy, daddy doesn’t know you yet but I can tell you if he does meet you one day he will love you very, very much” tony said cuddling mason close.
Jerking upwards as a bang sounded in the bedroom, looking at the door steve watching as Tony stepped into his room walking toward him
Standing up tony walked to the door hoping maybe he would be able to slip out when the guards came in he didn't have anything to use as a weapon to knock them unconscious so he had to do what he could to get out, he knew he didn't stand a chance without his suit but he sure as hell going to try he did it before he can do it again.
“Tony” Steve greeted.
*I know baby we will come to get you but you need to do something for daddy first okay I need you to focus on everything around you the smell the sound anything you can think of okay can you do that for me* Tony asked again before he focused his other senses hopin,g it was going to work.
Entering the lab tony felt a little better he was still pissed he was a little surprised Friday had let him in he may have been taken off of bed rest but stress-related things  were still of the table“Fry princess please tell me you have something on Ross” Tony asked taking a seat his work station shuffling through blueprints and paperwork that was cluttered on top, the only thing he could do was categories and sort out all the mess in his workshop after J.J had been finished he was out of things to do really.
“It was counterproductive, like the king he couldn't give me his full support he understands why i want to do it but unless i get the thing going he can't help me and i can't get things going until after the baby is born so i can be more publicly available” Tony explained.
Fingers snapping in front of his face pulled him out of his thoughts“ sorry uhm Josh debroski i didn't find a lot about him, birth certificate, marrage licence. Josh debroski married Ana hòligone at age 18. At 20 they went to college for 4 years getting their bachelor degrees, while studying they were also trying to get pregnant but were unsuccessful, she fell into depression and committed suicide a year before she was supposed to get her Degree After the tragedy of losing his wife, he finished his degree and disappeared almost as if he fell off the face of the earth , but then I checked out the files of shield Romanoff leaked on the internet and bang his name is on here and you wouldn't believe what I found, it seems hydra took a liking to debroski when he started experimenting on people that landed him in jail he would have spent the rest of his life there but hydra made a deal that only gave him 12 years. they agreed to fund his research if he works with them piling up the body count to almost 200 Deaths more then before.” Tony spoke turning towards Rhodey as he continues “so after his wife died he went completely crazy and his first project was womb transplant for males so after the fact of his wife death he tried to find a way to either replace his wife or have her reborn but most of the pregnancy's miscarried or the patients died in the first trimester.”
Of all the times it could have happened, not before, not after Tony pregnancy but now on the last month of his second trimester the Avenger gets a call Hawaii was being attacked by a God damn tentacle sea monster, Aliens, Robots he could handle but monster why, isn't it enough to sich mentally disturbed humans or deranged aliens from outer space on them now monsters next the boogyman was going to jump out the closet or sasquatch is going to come down the snowy mountains demanding rights and knowing activists these days they will go for it, ok maybe that's a little too far but who know these days.
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••
“Yeah I'm fine just need a little nap” He mumbled
And all that had now changed if what he was looking at was true he is not so human anymore, either they found a way to make a serum akin to the super soldier serum or they still had some left after barns and the super soldiers but either way they had used it on him he if he remembered they didn't give him anything that looked like the serum he will have to look into that and by the look of it there are some other chromosomes mixture that combined with his some not the same as the others yet its fused perfectly he needed to do some test to see if he could comprehend what they exactly were
Charles didn't exactly know what to expect when he got a call from miss potts stating tony stark wanted to make an Appointment to meet with him he also didn't expect the total silence that was coming from the car that was approaching the only thoughts he could hear was those of Colonel Rhodes which was quite loud,
“shish when did i make an A.I with mother hen syndrome” Tony mumbles to himself as he sets out to work.
“Why,” Tony asked simply he should have known it wasn't going to be easy hell he expected it but for him, not Rhodey.
“What do you mean felt it, ”Rhodey asked beating Tony to the punch.
“Tony masons powers are unexplainable so far mason had shown multiple abilities teleportation, compulsion, clairvoyance and now energy manipulation the last one isn’t much of a surprise but to this extent, no” Charles shook his head “but I may have an idea what we could do for now”.
Feeling eyes on him Tony looked up to see every person sitting at the table looking at him in astoundment “what” Tony asked as he swallows the last bite of food in his plate he didn't know why they looked at him like that.
“You shouldn't have”.
“No stark is too much of an attention seeker to retire he probably just knocked a woman up to have the child as an attention beacon” Wanda sneered.
Wrapping his arms around Steve's neck and rocking his hips down on his cock. Steve's hands settle on his hips with every downward thrust tony could feel Steve hitting his prostate perfectly as his orgasm started to rise“Steve I'm close” Tony panted bearing his head in Steve's neck as he worked his hips faster.
°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°
“Are you sure you're not pushing yourself, Tony, I know you have a lot of work to do but you need to look after yourself?” Rhodey asked he was worried Tony was pushing himself again he knew Tony too long to know he will push himself till he either passes out or be put out and neither was good for tony.
Soon Confrontation with Laura and kids moving them somewhere save
***jerking upwards breathing heavily he looked around the room there was no sigh of steve it was still dark out, looking  down at the mess he made on his stomach he groans “ it was all a dream” turning his head Tony looked at the clock hoping there may be some time for some more sleep when he saw it was 6:59 am “your fucking kidding me”
°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°
Tony Stark aka Iron Man was retiring to raise his child the retiring wasn't much of a shock but to raise his child when did that happen
“How could you tell,” Tony asked checking up on his daughter now and then.
There standing was mason as the age she was now, wearing her blue top with butterfly patterns all over along with a jean, oil spots littered her pants her hair was braided while few strands hang into her brown eyes that had specks of blue, but he could already sense that this wasn’t the real mason it was something in her eyes that made him feel small, weak and useless, it was deadly and dangerous not something you see in a small six-year-old.
“Why don’t you take a nap ill wake you up when we arrive at school okay?” Tony said kissing mason’s forehead which mason just nodded to before drifting off to sleep.
She was restless moving around kicking in his ribs, she was scared he wanted to reassure her that everything was going to be okay but he couldn't lie to her unborn or not he just couldn't, they had kept Tony drugged up for most of the time he was here which he was surprised they got anything passed his newly developed Immune system didnt give tony much confidence, meaning steve could be much more trouble than he knows.
“what did you want to discuss with me, Mr. Stark” T'challa ask as soon as they stepped out in the warm yet humid air.
“Whoa Tones easy everything is alright,” Rhodey said soothingly trying his best to calm tony down keeping a gentle grip on his shoulder.
“Tony”.
So here he is sitting in the room T'Tchalla had provided for him tired and trying to draw but his eyes could barely focus, everyone was busy doing there own thing its a moment of peace before another mission, Steve covered his mouth as a yawn overcame him he leaned his head against the headboard, he needed to sleep to stay focus for his team.
“Now isn't that better stark, if only you didnt get in my way this wouldn't have happened but then again i would have my weapon now would i,” Ross said glancing at tony as the men lifted him up into there arms his vision was getting groggier as the drug worked through his system.
Sitting near the window vision watched the scenery outside not paying attention to the book that laid in his, his mind occupied with thoughts not even noticing Rhodey stepped out the elevator with baby in tow had him extremely curious.
“I can't believe you just pulled that joke on me,” Tony chuckles staring out over the crowd, he knew it was important for him to be seen one last time before he goes under, nobody wanted them to ask questions of where Tony is why he hasn't been out and about, but he really didnt want to be here, he was so tired even now he feels her moving around, she was extremely active.
“oh shit ”they both said in unison knowing it took a real sharp turn and trouble will be coming to there front door
Hesitating tony looked over to Rhodey who had been quiet letting tony be the one to explain and tell his story and support him when he needed it, giving Tony a nod of encouragement to continue.
“I'll explain later, at the moment people are looking for you and your kids they want to use you to get to your husband, we need to get you out of here”
“Going at it that way it does seem to be a better option but you do need to understand not all would see it that way but so far, Mr. Stark, you have my support it would be a benefit to be at good odds with the Enchanted individuals as for the pardons Mr. Stark,” T'challa said as he leaned back “It would be a while before we could gain the pardons for the Avengers but changing the accords and gaining approval from the masses will guide us towards right path”
The mansion was mostly quiet due to the kids being in class already when they reach the kitchen the only few people that were at the table was Charles, Eric, and Hank, Raven was at the stove making breakfast “Ah awake at last I see, please join us”, Charles said upon their arrival.
Hearing laughter as darkness claims him.
“yes as it seems you and Sergeant Barnes are now blood related boss” Friday voiced with a hint of sympothy.
The feeling of consciousness came over him and he felt himself drift again closing his eyes for a second.
Tony wanted to laugh so bad I mean come on this has to be a really bad dream more like a really bad joke, that's the only way to explain it.
“I'll go pack a few things and get my kids ready,” she said turning towards the house but stopped“ where are we going to stay”.
“Why,” mason asked examining her project before going back to it.
As the guards step though the door tony used all the strength he had to use the door as a ram knocking the guards down jumping over them he bolted out the door running down a hallway he knew from constant travel trying to avoid as many of the other guards as he could the alarm was already blaring over his head letting everyone know he had gotten out he needed to find his watch so at least he had his gauntlet with him, it was going to be hard but he needed to try once he was out he could least find someway to contact vision or Rhodey to where he was but he needed to get out first then he would think of a plan.
“Hello professor,” a voice said behind him making him turn towards it.
Voices reached his ears and getting louder, sitting up tony knew what time it was, it was always the same day and time that's how he knew he hasn't been here long, a month maybe less but today it felt different something felt wrong he felt it in his gut something bad was going to happen to him he knew he had to get out.
He knew the feeling, the wondering if he did enough if he did the right thing with pepper if he needed to say or do more but even in the end it didn't work out“There isn't always an explanation for it buddy even if it did the right thing, it is what it is, you just need to ride out the waves till it smoothens out but just so you know your not alone ill be there for you okay” Tony said patting visions hand standing to walk to his lab leaving vision in peace.
“Its quite alright I'm glad to see you're well again,”
“Boss your blood pressure had skyrocketed and at your state that is unwise,” Friday said it wasn't like he already knew that but something wasn't right his stomach was tight almost at the point it hurts.
Fast approaching cars pulled Tony from his work, glancing out the window tony spotted two black SUV barling down the road, giving that the road toward Xavier mansion isn't exactly a road traveled frequently unless your either a parent of one of the students but the lack of license plates told him other ways,(Guess he talked too soon) a shiver of dread slid down his back as he realized why they could be coming this way.
“I know Rhodey but I’m not leaving her inside and I’m not leaving here without her period,” Tony said shrugging off Rhodey’s hand before stepping into the warehouse only to stop abruptly, there on the warehouse floor lay all the guards, mercenaries and agents of Hydra dead in pools of blood and mason was sitting in the middle tied in a chair and not blindfolded completely untouched no harm at all.
“Her destiny was chosen for her before she was even born professor, why do you think of all the experiment that had been done that she was the only one to remain alive but alas she is the only one who can discover it” sighing Enigma closed her eyes and the hum in his body returned “I believe it’s time for you to go, it’s been a pleasure professor,” Enigma said as she waved.
Breakfast how long has he been asleep last he remember it wasn't even past one when he had left for the mansion and he couldn't really remember what had happened, “Wait for breakfast how long was I out”Tony asked not really hoping for an answer.
I dont know if i have said this before but i am going to say it again thank you all for the comments kudos and all the hit i appreciate it a lot<3<3
°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°
“I know you said you will go when it gets worse but I can't see you like this it's been more than a week tony please call in a doctor please”rhodey begged.
He wouldn't lie and say he couldn't somewhat understand why Rogers did it hell if it was rhodey he would have sort of done the same he would however not have lied to Rogers about a certain event but still he would have done the same, it doesn't mean that Tony's not pissed about it oh because he was “ you know what they say fury all work and no play make tony stark a dull boy” Tony said giving his best smug and cocky smile he could muster even thou the memories of the real event flashed through his mind he had to clench his hands behind his back to hide it.
“Okay, daddy” mason let out a massive yawn as she drifted closed,
my other biological father is Steve Rogers .
“Tony Stark hasn't been seen in public other than a few charity events here and there, he has been out of the limelight for quite a while now” T'challa pointed out, this time Clint was shocked, he had come to know stark as an avid partier always like to brag about his fame, for a while after Clint got to know him he may have thought he was wrong then Ultron happened, then his mindset went back to square one.
Tony felt like he could pull out his hair, not only does he NOW have mutant DNA but that his DNA matchs barnes “your telling me that my DNA is now so royale screwed up that I'm a mutant and that i have a blood match with Barnes” tony asked the erg of banging his head against the desk was growing by the minute
“No sweetheart why would you ask that” tony took mason into his arms resting her head on his shoulder rubbing her arm soothingly.
Mr. Rhodes was worried about his friend and scared he could lose him, but what stunned Charles was the reason Mr. Rhodes was worried about he couldn't quite believe it.
(Bash)
“Are you still in pain”.
Her beautiful baby Goddaughter had been kidnapped.
“ill think about what we discussed and ill give this gift to him,” T'challa said as they entered the ballroom the party was still on full blast.
“What, What did you see,” Steve asked from where he sat listening to the group discussion but not focusing really, focusing had been really hard for him to do these days, not just because of tony's meeting today but it felt like he was missing something, something he should know of or something he could feel, pulling at him, telling him he should go find it, but he didnt know what he should find, it was keeping him up at night and making him restless, only if he could find it then he could stop feeling this way.
“Great, fry open a new folder named R.O.S.S then I want you to find out about the past present and future activities of Thaddeus E. "Thunderbolt" Ross heck into it if you have to leave no prove that any one was there get any and or every piece of information you can but be careful.
“There was nobody there the cars were empty, it took us a while to get there and with the time of your arrival they must have run off and there was no trace to where they went, ”Charles said, he shouldn't be surprised the bad guys almost always get away and that they would try again and succeed was not making tony feel any better it made it worse so much worse.
“Sweetheart you see daddy he got into some trouble with some very important people because they wanted to hurt his friend so daddy went to help him and that made the important people mad so now he has to stay away so the important people don’t find him and his friends and put them in a very bad place” tony said kneeling in front of his Daughter one hand holding hers and the other brushing the curls out of her eyes.
“This better is good news,” a very familiar voice said Tony didn't have a good feeling about this.
{Why don't you just ask him, Charles} Erik asked.
“Tony.”
“Very funny, come on butter bean the park should still be open for a little visit” tony said walking towards the door with Rhodey and pepper on his heels.
“I meant no insult, your highness” Clint all but stutter.
How had it came to this, never in a million years had tony thought it would Come to THIS, actually considering leaving his life behind and completely disappear he wanted what was best for his baby girl but was leaving best for her, he wished he had answers Tony knew it wasn't fair being Angry at Rhodey after all he gave him perfectly good reason to be worried Tony sure as hell hadn't been restraint in how he made his life choices and how it would affect others.
“Pep I’ll be there soon, did Friday see if she could find anything” tony asked the pacing didn’t stop and tony didn’t look any better than he did before he was pale and panicky running his hand in his hair, T’challa just couldn’t figure out what had happened to make a powerful, in depended and smart man so Afraid “pep I’ll be there soon make sure Friday searches every inch of everywhere” tony said before he hangs up the phone and returned back to the king.
“Rhodey”.
“Alright then how about you tell me where Barton family is we know he has one we just don't know where”
°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°
Tony was having a real hard time looking away from the picture the doctor had given him, that is his baby the sudden realism of what was happening dawned on him he was going to be a father the feeling of protectiveness and love rushed through him like a tidal wave that left him almost breathless.
Instantly regretting the not allowing Rhodey to join him as one of the cars sideswiped him, Tony reached for the seatbelt, as the car rocketed from side to side as the SUV attempt toed to drag him off the road.
Having decided on what to do Charles rolled his chair around toward the rest that had joined the “yes I’m fine I found out a few interesting facts which we will discuss” Charles looked at tony “but right now starting next week I want mason to train with the Xmen Jean will be her mentor we will guide her through the tasks and teach her how to defend herself”.
°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°
“I dont know what to think i practically insulted him and blamed him for everything but he still saved my family and got me to them” Clint replied
it will also take some load off his shoulders and more time to work on his project “yeah it sounds great just tell me when and where” drinking the last of the half cold tea tony stood and putting the cup in the sink “I'm going down to the lab I have project I'm working on, make the plans and put it up ill be there”kissing pepper on the cheek as he left without waiting for her to respond.
“Yes although there might be more of them coming or not just be prepared,” the doctor said Tony wished ut was the latter he wasn't looking forward to that pain again.
As it got louder and more forceful, he couldn't stand it anymore for the fear and the adrenaline came to much to bare he felt himself start to lose consciousness when a massive force of energy erupted from the car causing the other two cars to flip and roll.
Nodding vigorously they laughed as Erik started tickling Mason making her squeal with delight.
As Stange as it seems it true .
“Will it work?” Charles asked.
Carrying in the unconscious stark he didn't know what exactly debroski had in mind for him he sure know it must be sick as all hell for keeping stark here for so long without scrambling his mind like they did to the winter soldier although they know stark wasn't going to make them weapons so why not kill him or screw him up a lot but it wasn't his place to question the boss he just did what he was told,
“I can see that sweetheart what do you say we make it work,” Tony said as he was about to stand to look for the necessary thing to make her little bot work Mason grabbed his hand pulling him down again.
As Tony went on telling them the story of his capture he felt a little at ease from finally talking about it he just made sure he left out the pregnant part he wasn't ready to talk about that yet, although he would have thought the professor already know about it and just be kind not to talk about it.
“ tony where is the coffee maker ”
Standing in the dark room he contemplated if this had really been the way he wanted thing to go he wanted his wife back he wanted a child and all of that was taken from him now he had a child not born of him but had a part of his wife within the child but like before it was taken FROM him all because some idiots couldn't do his job, at first the joining Hydra was a relief he needed the resources for his project and he couldn't do it within prison either but after the success of his project and losing them multiple times he was starting to doubt his choices.
He must be getting deaf because he didn't just hear that “I'm sorry what did you say.” Tony stared at the doctor with shock shown vividly on his face he could not believe it, there is in no way a possibility that he is pregnant he was a man, men don't get pregnant.
Shield was doing well, they still had a long way to go to gain back the Government and the people trust but they were getting there with fury and coulsons co-directors they were gaining more and more recruits, Tony made sure they were checked out before Accepted to make sure no Hydra agents snuck back into Shield.
°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°
Looking down at her Vision could see both resembles of steve and tony in the facial features of steve and the brown hair and eyes of tony.
Rhodey was exhausted but he just couldn't sleep pepper and peter had both fallen asleep in their chairs vision had been here a while ago but left soon after he understood that vision couldn't exactly sit still so he had gone upstairs to keep himself busy, Rhodey had just started to douse off when the waiting room doors open and a doctor and his nurse walked in Rhodey shook pepper awake before standing his eyes drifted past the doctor to the nurse who was holding a precious bundle wrapped in a pink blanket in her arms it was the most beautiful thing Rhodey had ever seen, hearing a quiet gasp from pepper Rhodey couldn't stop looking at the beautiful bundle but he pulled his eyes away and concentrated on what the doctor had to say.
“Tones you've been asleep for almost two days I was starting to get worried, ”Rhodey answers opening the door allowing Tony to go out first as they made their way to the kitchen.
Letting out a frustrated sigh “On that sour note Charles, there is something else I want to discuss its quite complicated to say but my abilities  I don't know if it's just me or if it's going haywire but I'm finding it hard to control so I was hoping you would be able to help me, even if it meant that you needed to go inside my head again”( Much to Tony's detest).
After the group had departed and mason was playing with Piotr again tony sat with Charles, Charles had acted strange when he had left masons mind and that he wanted mason to train with the Xmen frightened him he didn’t want her to be in any dangerous situation even if he knew it would be good for her he did want her to learn how to protect herself but it still scared him to no end “Charles what happened in there what did you see” tony asked he needed to know if not for his daughters sake but for his own.
Tony’s eyes opened, and he laid there for a few moments, wondering what had woken him. The clock on the microwave read
“It actually happened an hour or so ago. Before our meeting with Fury I was making lunch, and Tony got so excited he knocked me right over while I was dicing tomatoes. I felt horrible about it, but luckily we have a resident doctor who patched him up. None of us are vets, though, so we really appreciate you coming up to give him a physical. I know it must have been out of the way.” Steve lied right through his teeth, though somebody who hadn’t been there would have no idea. Tony’s jaw nearly dropped open; it was well known amongst the Avengers that Steve had the worst poker face out of them all.
Tony hopped off the bed, peeking his head into the hallway to make sure Peter was still busy before he leapt up onto the desk. The laptop had been left open, thank God. He went to move the cursor and grunted in frustration when the trackpad barely registered his paw. This would take a while, and he didn’t have much time. He dragged the cursor down to the Skype icon, and started the painstaking process of typing in Pepper’s screen name. He found it at the same time as the faucet turned off, and he pecked out a message as fast as he could.
“I went and hacked into the security system they had installed and look what I found I haven’t watched it completely through,” Tony said before he played the video.
{Fury} Why and How.
Gamore took the blade out of his hand carefully balancing the blade on her tiny finger while behind her one of the groups were being shot down Gamora heard the screams she turned her head.
Taking note as fury stood how his shoulders held stiff and the bags under his eyes stood out told tony fury hadn't had a decent amount of sleep in days and it made him curious about what is keeping fury awake at night were they hunting hydra did they know that they weren't gone and most importantly could they find out what had happened with him and if they did is that the reason he is here “you think i don't know that stark and do you think i care” fury said pulling tony out of his thoughts tony shouldn't have been surprised at the answer its fury after all.
Tony smirked back.
“Well, that was quick.”
“There are a number of creatures I know of that could perhaps be her.” He announced, the end of his tail flicking back and forth in irritation. Natasha paused in her translation for Clint to look at Thor with a calculating glance.
“Something else happened. I haven’t seen him worked up this bad since the Chitauri.” The whole team winced at the mention of it, but she stopped, sighed, and picked Tony right up. Everyone stared at her in disbelief as she carried Tony- all 110 lbs of dog- and retreated out of the kitchen and all the way to the second story library, leaving the team to wonder just what had happened.
“Um, do I know you?” Tony asked, eyes flicking up to settle on the stranger’s face. Immediately his blood went cold and he nearly dropped his phone.
Tony barked, but she didn’t return, and his nose didn’t work on the glass panel for the lights. If only JARVIS was still active, he might not have been in this mess in the first place. They all hated him and JARVIS was the only one who would have still cared. He even had protocols that made sure Tony was never in complete darkness- with the reactor it wouldn’t have been so horrible, but he had absolutely no light.
“Kid, if you say homework-”
Huge ass chapter today, but it didn't really have any good spots to cut it, so enjoy!!
Coulson shot Peter a glare as he sat down. Steve and Bruce jumped up into his lap and were just about to climb onto the table, when the waiter passed by and waved his hands at them.
For Tony Stark, waking up on the ground was a frequent occurrence. Usually, it wasn’t out of the ordinary to find himself passed out in an alley, or completely naked- in fact, it was more often both than one or the other. This time, though, he felt wrong. Not quite like ‘I’ve-Been-Violated’ wrong. Tony knew that feeling well enough to know the distinction. This time it was like several layers of his skin had been peeled off, and he was wrapped in scratchy wool blankets that rubbed his skin raw and made him itchy. That was how Tony felt in his chest, like he was unexplainably frazzled and overwhelmed. On the outside he felt fine, save for a few bruises.
“Uh, miss Romanoff, are you sure you don’t want someone else to-”
“Why does he need to record you?” Steve started to groom between his toes, using his front teeth to pull out stubborn pieces of gravel or- ew- gum. Tony was glad he hadn’t stepped in anything like that.
“Good. We’re on our way over, Spider-guy is coming with.”
“What, fido? Is timmy down a we-LL SHIT!” He yelped, grabbing Tony suddenly around the middle and swinging them on a web into an alley. “Stay, boy!” Spider-Man said, then turned and leapt back towards the robots. Tony was impressed as he watched spider-guy dispatch the suits rather efficiently, gloved fists punching right through their chest cavities one by one. That seemed to be a vital part of their hardware, because each one was shut down from the blow.
The kettle was just about to steam when she took it off, pouring a cup and adding a packet of tea along with a spoonful of honey. It smelled soft and homey, like the perfect drink to soothe one’s thoughts.
“She’s alive, thank God. Let’s get her out.” Tony called, squeezing himself underneath the board and gently pushing on it with his back. Peter’s aunt groaned in pain when it shifted, and he paused to call out to the group, who all besides Thor were wedging themselves underneath it around May.
“Sure. Come back to the jet here when you’re all done, if you still want to come to the debrief.” She said. With that, she lifted Tony right off the ground, and turned to carry him back to the waiting quinjet.
“Fury is on the line, Cap.” She handed it over and Steve left the room to talk while Bruce and Clint tried to get Tony up onto his feet.
Something bumped against his elbow and Tony turned to see Dummy holding out the blender container itself instead of a regular cup. It looked to be a fruit smoothie this time, which was weird, since he didn’t think he’d brought anything fruity down to the workshop recently.
Everything was fuzzy, and slow, and it took a few shakes of his head to get his bearings back. Something was rocking him, pushing his shoulder back and forth. It had felt like he was only down for a second, but somehow somebody was already next to him.
“You with us, Tones?” Rhodey asked, and Tony turned his head to see Bruce standing next to Steve, holding out a tablet with a live feed of Rhodey’s concerned face.
Tony shook his head and sprinted after them, the weakness he’d felt after the spell fading as he ran towards the…
allowed on the tables. Please keep them under control or we’ll have to ask you to leave.” Coulson assured him that there wouldn’t be any trouble, and then gave each cat a small reprimanding tap on the nose with his finger.
After a minute or so, Tony finally located the source of his wakefulness- someone was moving around near the front door. The feet were landing too heavily to be Natasha’s, but were too quiet to be Bruce or Steve. Thor’s snoring could be heard faintly from down the hall and he would likely end up waking the entire mansion if he got up at this hour. That left Clint.
I know this could be seen as ship-y (omitting the fact that tony isn't a human right now, so don't worry- i'm not a fan of any human-animal romance/etc) if squinted at, so i just wanted to mention that it isn't meant that way- its just platonic. The team find that their guard is lower around Tony in his dog form, and Clint is having a rough time. Also he just really loves dogs, but can we blame him? 'Cause same.
“You’re in New York, Tones, you’re at the mansion. Do you remember? It’s November and you’re safe, you’re alright, Steve is the one who’s got you. Remember Steve?” Rhodey said, gentler this time. Tony drew in another shaky breath and tried to think. Afghanistan… was a while ago. He came back and had cheeseburgers, and sat on the floor while he had his press conference.
Tony was still exhausted, and he must have dozed again because the next time he opened his eyes, Steve had replaced Clint- who was now over by Natasha and playing a card game using an empty breakfast tray.
“How the hell would that work? What about my aunt! She can’t know, and I have-”
“Well, you’re not wrong. The main point of the mission is to train this guy.” He directed his laser-pointer to Tony, who leaned back a little in surprise.
“Well, it was at least a replica, or an illusion. But yes.” Tony confirmed. Fury rubbed a hand over his mouth in thought.
“It’s not as fun without company.” He said. They passed the bench and continued their walk in companionable silence.
Tony could run if he wanted, and he stared longingly at the open door the entire time Steve was gone. When he came back holding an orange bottle he didn’t shut it behind him.
Tony thrashed against the person holding him in the water and he tried to scream but it was a more abrasive noise than he’d intended and he startled himself, whipping his head back when he got water up his nose from the struggling and he was scared-
“Have you been wounded at all, Anthony?”
“You were given fair warning.” Was all she said before she was on him, bowling Tony over and slamming them against another table leg. Tony clawed and bit with all he was worth, but this was obviously not an ordinary cat. She had exceptional strength, tossing him across the space like she was playing with a mouse. She streaked towards him and Tony had the sudden epiphany that he was in way over his head, unable to do anything as she jumped on him and dug her claws into his stomach. Tony kicked out with his back legs as hard as he could, sending her flying a few feet. Just enough for him to get his bearings. Loki was still lying in a heap in the middle of the room and Tony had just inadvertently thrown their aggressor right back to where she wanted to be.
“Why the hell would I help you?” Tony asked, silently cheering the other cat on. Loki was flagging already, ending up on his back as the other cat used its hind claws to tear at his stomach. Tony felt a twinge of pity, but he tried to swallow it down and ignore it.
Walking through the corridor Dr. Stephen Strange and his associate wong went room after room to make sure everything was where it belonged after the whole Kaecilius debacle strange didnt want to take any chances but so far everything seemed to be in place as the exited the last room they had just checked a sudden burst of baby giggles and laughter followed there depart making them abruptly stop in there tracks.
So coming home after a long long day of boring meeting and paperwork would have been beyond satisfaction If there hadn't been a leather coat and eye-patched intruder sitting on his couch, he should have known the sudden cut off in his head wasn't due to his lack of focus but from the connection being lost.
“Of course Sweetheart” tony opened the covers allowing mason to crawl in while Rex laid down at their feet.
“God that sucked” Tony chuckled devoid of humor.
“We need to try tones, At least we would know” Rhodey whispered Tony knew he was right he was just afraid if they did try and it didn’t work he may lose his daughter all together he didn’t know if he could take that but he needed to try Rhodey was right.
A tear slid down his cheek as brown eyes and brown hair came into view she looked just like him but there were so much of steve there too “I can't” Tony said groggily his throat was dry almost as if he never used his voice.
“I so sorry tony i should have saved you,” Steve said sadness and guilt run his body ragged knowing tony suffered made him sick.
“Only an hour boss no more no less”. Friday spoke sternly,
“You want to explain to me what this morning was about,” Erik asked glances down at Charles.
: Come on Master Anthony we don't want to upset him even more than he already is: The real Jarvis said while he led tony out of his father's lab.
“Rhodey Masons Missing” that was all it took for all the color to drain out of Rhodey’s face he didn’t want to believe it, How when he had left she was perfectly safe and happy hoe would take his littleTonyetheart, well he knew who only Tony had made sure he couldn’t come near mason so how did Ross get her right underneath their noses.
“What about Tony,” pepper asked still looking at the baby with adoration, oh this godmother was going to spoil her Goddaughter rotten he could already tell.
“pepper its a baby”Rhodey hissed angrily about what she applying.
Snapping out of his thoughts he realized he had been daydreaming he mentally cursed himself for not paying attention “sorry got lost in thought what is it you were saying” Tony asked, watching as the king gave him a skeptical look he couldn't blame T'challa for being skeptical.
Watching as the pleasure showed on Tony's face as he rode steve it was one of the most beautiful things Steve has ever seen and he knew he wasn't going to last much longer.
“it doesn't matter how i found out tony, how is it possible,” steve asked he had a kid the next word out of tony's mouth caught him cold.
He came to realise that now that he was going to have a kid he needed to take care of him/her and he couldn't do that while being IronMan well he could but he knew that there was a big chance that one day he was going to either mess up and end up dead or they would be to much for him to handle and end up getting killed.
Down by the lab Tony grabbed on to the table as the tower shook tools, papers fell off the table clattering to the floor “Friday what the hell is happening” Tony asked as he made his way shakily toward the door with one direction on the mind, Mason.
Arriving tony started undressing heading toward the shower, he caught his reflection in one of his mirrors, he couldn't really believe it the scares that run up his whole front torso where the arc reactor was and where they cut him open was starting to fade those that were small were already gone.
“Oh, so you weren't going anywhere just now” Rhodey crossed his arms with a clear smirk on his face.
“Pep are you trying to get rid of me because if so I'm hurt,” Tony says placing his hand over his heart as a mock gesture, he did need to talk to the king they had finally settled bartons family on a little private island under all radar with Ross still looking for them they weren't save long at any other place Tony had them but they were secure now although they missed clint he could tell so tony made a plan, a secure phone and plane would take Barton to his family and no one will find them, all he needed to do is get T'challa to give it to him.
{And scratch that}
Shaking his head “No and i have a feeling i dont want to know” Tony said worry churning in his stomach knowing that whoever is coming isn't a good thing.
But he was far from finished.
The first thing they saw was little Macie sitting in the chair hired men walking around the warehouse and outside the warehouse including the ones standing at the door as time went by the men started to talk to Macie they didn’t hear what they said due to the video that didn’t have audio, masons face flushed as she started to cry and the men laughed at that which in turn made mason angry that’s when the weirdness started to happen masons eyes turned into the back of her skull making her eyeballs completely white the men started to freak but shortly the two nearest to mason stood completely still almost as if they were statues in one blink from another both men pulled out their gun and killed themselves and so on it went until all men in and outside were lying on the floor dead and masons eyes turned back to almost normal but without vision.
“We have found a way to not only let them be treated fairly but also be able to handle them if they do anything wrong” Rhodey explained.
“Great, happy step on it we need to get home fast ” he added as he pulled out his phone and dialed pepper“ pep I need you to get the chopper ready I want to leave as soon as I get there” hanging up before she could form a replay.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“I'm not going anywhere, not yet at least”.
Tony watched from above as both sets to work trying to lure it away from the city it wasn't going well as he wished it only stand to agitate it worse, tony send every info Friday gave him on the monster to vision and Rhodey while he helps civilians out of the way of distraction.
“Because I felt it the other day when they talked about him on the news you got angry and sad”.
“Nonsense Man,” Rhodey said gently placing mason in Vision's arms “just support her head if she gets upset rock her gently she already had her bottle so she should still be good there is diapers in her diaper bag also remember to rub her feet with cream her soles are sensitive” Rhodey babbled on has he instructed vision on how to hold mason it was Entertaining to watch the colonel go from soldier to mush.
Watching as tony talked on his phone T’challa studied Tony’s features he had noticed the confusion on his face when this pep had called as if not knowing why she would need to call, as fast as the confusion came and went as Tony’s face pales anger and fear showed on his face something must have happened.
Nodding he had thought of the many answers Charles would have given tony, he just wished it could have helped Tony more“ sooo have you thought of a name yet”.
Tony jerked round where he was reading on his computer so focused on what he was reading he didn't even hear Friday tell him Rhodey was here or when Rhodey entered the lab,“ hey sourpatch what are you doing here aren't you supose to be at Rehabilitation therapy?”tony asked looking at Rhodey guiltily for being caught but he couldn't help it this was his place of comfort a place where he could think and forget, a safe zone even if there were no danger.
The pardons, however, were a pain in his ass he couldn't for the life of him get his point through the council members' heads, it was frustrating.
{{{<3<3}}}
°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°
“thank you, your highness, but no thanks,” Barton said wanting to give back the phone to T'challa.
“Boss you have a meeting with secretary Ross in an hour”
“No” happy replied worry clear on his face.
“thank you”Rhodey said as he lead tony towards the front door.
“You've served your purpose stark, now its time to deliver oh and dont worry about the child the drug was specifically made for you, we can't exactly damage the merchandise” Ross explained with a chuckle, he wanted to fight, scream out for help but he couldn't even feel is arms and what scared him the most he couldn't feel his baby.
“Please keep her there Charles, ill be right over” tony asked.
°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°
“Rhodey,” tony panted
“It's a long story and frankly it's not mine to tell but Remember when Jean came to us she had manifested her powers at a young age of 10 and became one of the most powerful mutants there is”
“When mason Arrived i took a sneak peek into her mind the fact that i could tell me she was mentally exhausted and there were also flashes but they were going way to fast for me to see, it was almost the same as jean only more intense her powers were affected by her emotions she was scared so it got out of control” Charles explained.
“Its going great so far boss the data and protocols is being added and transferred now it may still be a while before they can be activated ”
Surprised Steve stood tony wasn't supposed to be here, he himself had watched as Tony had left so he couldn't understand how he was here without the Dora knowing and Alerting him to it.
Snorting tony knew there was wasn't such a thing as the easy way they liked using force too much to stop now trying to shove backward again enough for them to lose there footing and topple over but there was too many of them now and he was pushed face down onto the ground.
He wished Bruce was here he knew a lot more DNA modification then he does but unfortunately, bruce is god knows where doing god knows what and he couldn't find him which is a first and he tried everything and looked everywhere he knew Ross was looking for Bruce too tony just hoped he never finds him
“Yes he did but that’s a conversation for an another time it’s time to go to sleep tomorrow is a new day at school,” Tony said as he tucked them both in properly, staying awake to watch mason breath even out and fall back to sleep he closed his eyes and waited for sleep to take him.
Rhodey Sat back down on the bed staring at tony “I'm sorry Tony, we're just worried about you don't sleep you don't eat and that you do eat you puke it out again, you can barely keep in the water”. Rhodey added
Pretty normal day
“Tony” steve roared as he came inside tony holding tony to him as he grinded against tony working through his orgasm*
<<<=∆=>>>
Shaking his head staring up at the ceiling“no in fine” he stated as he covered his eyes with his forearm,
But mostly nervous. Turning the screen the doctor spoke“as you see there that circle, that is the embryo, there is also a tiny heartbeat, by the looks of it you're 6 weeks pregnant” wiping off the gel. “As for the morning sickness ill give you medication to combat it,” he added
“Wanda that's enough” Steve hissed at Wanda, a sudden flare of protectiveness rose in it made his head swim he didnt know where it had come from and by looking at the shocked face of Wanda told him neither did she.
As tony started getting up a wave of dizziness and nausea hit him, he bolted towards the bathroom, lose the little of contents he has in his stomach, he hasn't had nausea in a long while due to the pills the doctor had him on and it is unpleasant as he remembers it.
They all made sounds of displeasure, and Clint’s face went a little pale. Thor was looking thunderous.
Tony survived the yelling and even slept on the flight back to the states. None of them had asked for his report, but once he got back to headquarters, Fury would surely force him to sit down and tell the whole story.
Tony came up to a door that had a charred support beam fallen across the front of it, and someone was pounding on it from behind. The agent stopped beside him and looked around. Tony barked and the pounding stopped, voices murmuring excitedly.
?! Dangerous, unnecessary risks-”
taller than Tony remembered. Of course, Tony was on all fours now- but either way it was levels more intimidating than before.
“Clint, leave him alone! Natasha, can you just-” Tony called, flopping lamely to the floor and limping over to make sure Clint didn’t hurt the unconscious god.
“What the fuck?? What the fuck! Fuck!” Steve could already tell it was Clint. They padded over to the groggy cat, who was looking around with a manic look in his eyes. His gaze snapped to them once they were in view. “What’s going on? Are we cats? Oh, I bet it was magic! Fucking Loki!” Clint cut himself off and took a few shaky breaths. He seemingly composed himself, and Steve tried to calm him down.
Natasha seemed satisfied with Tony’s dryness and she sat back, good ankle popping as she stretched it out.
“No, I have a lot of work to get done. Tony won’t be able to go to any meetings like this. He can’t even do phone conferences, I’ll have to make up a cover story and reschedule everything- dammit, Tony, the Board of Investors are going to get suspicious if I keep delaying. Please sort this out as soon as you can, Phil?” She asked, giving Tony a quick kiss on the top of his fuzzy head before she handed him to Peter, whose only available arm space was on top of Natasha. She didn’t seem to care, so Tony lounged across her back, and started to groom the fur behind her ears, where there was dirt matted in little streaked clumps. A purr started up in her chest and Tony was internally crowing over his victory.
It was at that point that Bruce emerged, looking like a deer in headlights; he was probably fresh from a science binge, the lights too bright and not enough coffee in his system to function any higher than 57%. Tony knew the feeling.
“Sugarpie, you are the light of my life. I owe you a favor, or a massage-” Tony bunted Steve when he jumped back onto the counter, and they took a second to rub faces before Clint gave a loud cough. Steve dropped the phone by Tony’s feet and laid down, tail still stubbornly wrapped around his boyfriend.
“I think it’s broken.” He moaned from across the jet, and Steve exchanged a perplexed expression with Clint and Natasha. Stark had never complained about his injuries before- especially not about the serious ones. Steve had heard him whine about a paper cut at Bruce until the man’s eyes turned green, but never before had he actually consented to a real medical exam like this without being threatened first.
and Tony wrinkled his nose, turning it over with a paw until he realized what it was. A military-grade canine flak jacket.
Tony wanted to go faster, but the other agent seemed to be conserving her energy, which was a smart idea. He was just so anxious and he wanted to be there, to make sure Natasha got out alright. He hated feeling helpless.
His first goal was getting back to the mansion. He had to tell his teammates what had happened, capture Loki, and get himself transformed back to normal. Easy.
“What does he want?” Natasha asked, looking at Thor instead of Tony. The god shrugged.
Their pace was drastically slower than usual since Tony’s back leg was out of commission. Steve didn’t seem to mind, instead observing the city around them as they leisurely strolled around central park in the calm of the morning.
He laid down on his side and started to lick at the wounds on his stomach, watching Coulson and a few agents storm into the room as they tried to figure out what had happened. Coulson directed his agents to containing the now-unconscious mystery cat while he checked on Loki and got out his phone to make a call.
!” She emphasized, nearly poking Tony right in the chest as she continued. “The Fantastic Four are on standby if things get out of hand. You’re insane if you think I’ll help you get yourself killed.”
“Those were basic questions. Tony Stark 101. I need something more specific…” Bruce trailed off, unclasping one of his hands from his mug. “What’s the Operation Harlem override code?” Bruce asked, knuckles white on his cup. Tony was the only person who had those codes, and it would make them both uncomfortable to have it on paper somewhere. But Tony needed to prove himself- and he had the most expensive paper shredder on the market upstairs in his office.
shchenok= puppy
He hopped down off the bed and up into Peter’s lap. “Let’s get this straightened out, Pete. Steve has probably paced a rut into the livingroom floor by now, and I’m sick of sweaty workmen traipsing all over my house.” Tony reached out a paw for the keyboard, but Peter pulled it back.
“Anyways. Peter, let’s recap what we’ve already been over. You might want to take a seat, by the way.” Peter did, and Coulson folded his hands neatly in front of him, probably to watch the kid get increasingly uncomfortable the longer they sat and looked at each other. “So you know that these cats used to be human. And you know Tony-” Coulson bopped Tony on the head, then proceeded to do so to the other cats as he went down the line, “-and this is Bruce, Natasha, Clint, and Thor. The other cat that left is Steve.”
“Alright, Tony?” Bruce asked, putting down his towel to instead rub his fingers underneath Tony’s chin. He was still shaking despite the warm air and semi-dry fur.
Tony took a breath and paused. He didn’t feel like his chest was on fire. He felt around and didn’t feel a hole, didn’t feel the empty casing cold and dark like after Obadiah reached in and-
“Widow, Hawkeye, there’s been an attack in Queens. We don’t have time for you to go all the way back to the mansion, so suit up with your spare gear and meet us here instead.” Steve’s voice sounded over the loudspeaker of the jet, and Clint and Natasha rushed to change as the jet did a 180 degree turn and headed back to the site of the battle. They could already see smoke rising above the buildings and the pilots packed on some speed.
“What do you mean, ‘compromised’?” Fury didn’t sound like he was in the mood, and Phil’s eye gave a tiny twitch.
“Widow, come in; status.” Clint said, but it was fuzzy. They must be underneath more rubble than Tony thought. “Natasha, report.”
. Tony looks pointedly at one of the tablets and then to Spider-guy. Steve must figure that Tony needs a tablet, so he gently slides one off the table and next to Tony’s paws on his chair.
“Alright, alright. Maybe next time, if Tony allows. So what was going on today? Do we have specs on those robots?” He diverted, looking right at Tony, as if there wasn’t someone in the room who probably shouldn’t be in the know about their current predicament.
The lights suddenly came on full-force and there were voices- much louder than Clint. Tony recognized Harley from earlier and he was messing with the I.V, injecting something into the stream while someone was smacking his back hard enough for Tony’s chest to loosen and whatever was in his lungs broke up, letting him get enough air to stop coughing.
“The Science Squad. Bull riding in Denver. Organic Yukon. ALL OF THEM?’
The rest of the afternoon passed comfortably, with Tony dozing in Bruce’s lap while the rest of the group slowly filtering out until they were the only two left.
Loki, again. Tony flailed and tried to get to his feet, but he was dizzy, and his legs didn’t want to work right. Something was wrong.
“I don’t have enough gas money to drive all the way over here every day.”
Coulson’s fingers twitched a bit before he composed himself. “SHIELD will provide you with transportation, and anything else you need for this job.” Coulson typed something out on his phone, and no more than a few seconds later, one of the junior agents shuffled into the room from the hallway and delivered a stack of papers. Tony hissed and made to scramble off the table, but Clint grabbed his tail and held him in place.
“Wait, you mean, like, I, uh, I would be- like you mean that I’m going to watch them? Here. Like I’m going to be here, what, cat-sitting, but for like sentient cats?” Tony snorted, but Coulson ignored him and nodded at Peter.
Tony decided not to annoy them, instead flopping down and resting his eyes.
“Uh, I was thinking they look kind of like a less-beefy version of those Hammer drones from the Stark expo a few years ago.” He said, and Tony was so surprised he accidentally let his mouth hang open for a few seconds. This guy must have a good memory, or otherwise a knack for recognizing patterns.
“Agent Coulson?” The AI asked, startling all of them but Clint. He was grooming his feet.
“All I really need you to do is hang out and keep me updated. I have a lot going on, and a lot to work out because of this mess. I also don’t think SHIELD has a single agent who could keep track of them all for more than five non-consecutive minutes. Plus, Tony already likes you, so you won’t get nearly as much crap as an actual agent would.”
“Actually, I do need your help.” Loki’s face was amused, and Tony could swear the demi-god was fighting back a grin. And what the hell could Tony do for
“What were we invited to, a party?” Fury asked, elegantly taking a seat at the other end of the table with both his aides on either side. “Also…” He pointed at Spider-Man, “This guy? You’re a hard person to get ahold of, Spider-Man.”
“I used to get annoyed by Anthony’s constant chatter, but now that it is gone, I miss it more than I miss braddlebok.” It was true for most of them, besides the fact that they really had no idea what braddlebok was.
TW for being afraid of the dark. Just in case? Tony's PTSD is kinda triggered by the dark, which happens a couple times this chapter, so tread lightly if you are also triggered by that. Ciao!
Hands grabbed onto his shoulder and gave him a shake, causing Tony to fly upwards and knock skulls with the person crouched over him. It turned out to be Steve, who didn’t even flinch at the collision.
“Gwen would have adored you.” It came out as a hoarse whisper. Tony was taken aback- the kid had been fine (though a little mad) only seconds ago, and now he looked close to tears. The expression on his face looked so lost and broken that Tony immediately dropped any dislike he had for him. He was a cat, so logically speaking, he could purr, right? People loved it when cats purred. He squinted in concentration as he breathed, searching in his throat and chest for something that he hadn’t had as a human.
“We all barely recognized one another after Loki cast his spell, and there is no way for me to be certain of her without seeing her normal form. We must wait until they wake up.” Thor said, standing up and padding off after Coulson as they took Loki back to the containment floor.
“Freeze, back away from the dog!” Someone barked. Tony and the spider-ling both whipped their heads around to see the cluster of Shield agents, all with guns drawn and trained on the younger hero. Did they think he’d been the one to hurt Tony?
The minutes passed slowly, and he’d just gotten a glimpse on the newsfeed of his team (and Spider-Man? More hands make lighter work, he supposed) when there was an explosion that rocked both the news camera and the mansion. Instantly the power flickered off, leaving the mansion so quiet and still that Tony could hear the sounds of the battle in the distance.
“Brother! We have come to ask that you return us to our normal forms!” Thor called, pulling ahead of the group as they turned the corner. Loki was curled up in a small black ball of fur on the other side of the cell.
He didn’t mention it, though, and just did as he was told. The last thing he needed was to squabble with his ‘superior’ right before a who-knows-how-long mission. The quinjet touched down a mile or so from their target town, and as soon as it was twilight they prepped to send him in.
“Hey, kid, what the hell? I mean, yea, I would be upset too, but really. That was practically a tantrum.” He climbed up onto the jean-clad legs, and curled up as best he could in the awkward criss-cross space he had. The kid huffed out a laugh.
“JARVIS, call Agent!” Tony yelled, too busy scrambling away from the fight to do the proper motions for the command.
Almost five minutes passed before the stove went off. Clint gave Tony another
Tony was trembling by that point, but he lowered himself slightly, in small jerky movements until the water was over his back. Steve thanked him but Tony was grasping at straws and he wanted it to be over. He wanted to be out, away, nowhere near the place they nearly drowned him and didn’t care if he got electrocuted, where the chest piece was sparking every time it got wet and he felt his heart jump in response. They didn’t care that he couldn’t breathe and his whole face burned with water up his nostrils and in his eyes, dirty water from god knows where-
Tony pressed the button for the garage, and the others kept pace with him as he strode towards Mark XV, the front opening as if JARVIS knew exactly that they were trying to do.
So he was suited up, escorted to the carrier via quinjet, and debriefed at headquarters before he was off to a little commune in France called
Tony off the couch. “Stay off the furniture, you’ll get dog hair everywhere. And you’re going to make yourself hoarse, so keep it down.” With that he turned and vanished into the hallway again, leaving Tony to glare daggers at his retreating back.
“Indeed it is. The last time you ate something substantial at the correct hour- of your own volition, excluding business ventures- was nearly a month ago.” JARVIS tended to keep track of things like that. Tony pulled his knees up to his chest and used them as a makeshift table while Dummy handed him the smoothie, and then helped out by rolling him all the way back to his work table.
As it turned out, another twenty minutes, and the security upgrades were complete. Tony swept the files into his ‘Completed’ folder with a flourish, and hopped over to the discarded armor with a bit more pep in his step. He loved repairing and working on the armor; it was something that never got old. He’d been cranking out that software for too long and this was Tony’s equivalent of taking a break.
The clicking of his nails on the floor was the only sound in the silence, and Tony stooped in a crouch before he dared to round the island.
the guy was. He looked like he wasn’t even in college yet! What business does he have, getting involved in the most dangerous lifestyle around? There were plenty of enhanced individuals that didn’t go into hero work! If his collar hadn’t been taken, that kid would be getting an earful of Tony’s opinion on how he spent his free time.
“Well then we’d better go deal with the guy in the basement.” Steve said, just as Natasha and Clint came jogging in from the other room. Thor had wandered into the living room while Bruce and Tony wrote out the codes, but he came back in after the spies and gave a solemn nod.
The scaffolding was creaking and he watched with his own two eyes as the few that had reached him started
The doors slid open and Pepper Pots made an aborted step forward, frowning at Peter and then at the cats he was escorting. She likely knew the list of people that had access to the Avenger’s quarters and the upper half of the building in general; Peter was a stranger to her.
The others seemed to settle down and Tony could hear their efforts as they ordered one another around. His comms would occasionally fuzz out, but it didn’t completely die, so Tony relaxed as much as he could while under god knows how many feet of building and trying to breathe after so much smoke inhalation. His chest felt like it was on fire.
Tony didn’t even understand what he did wrong- besides being a cruel reminder to Steve of what he had lost and could never get back, but that was hardly Tony’s own fault. For once he refused to accept the blame even though most of their other issues were more than likely because of him. Tony was a selfish asshole who had an ego the size of Manhattan. Unsurprisingly it put people off, so he understood why Steve hated him so much.
“What were you
“Would you want to come on my run with me? We’ve been keeping you all cooped up in here, might be nice to stretch your legs while one of us can keep an eye on you.” Steve was leaning back against the counter and Tony all but leapt up, tail wagging in delight. Steve wanted to
“I always am, Bruce.” He replied, watching Bruce retire down the bedroom hallway, to do whatever it was he usually did when he wasn’t working. Tony decided to take the opportunity to nap before dinner, hoping to dispel the lasting nervousness from earlier in the morning.
“Tony?” Bruce leaned back into the doorway to frown, holding up a toothbrush. Tony leaned forward and took a step, but his heart was starting to race and he was panicking, he didn’t want to go in, he didn’t want to be left in the dark again- he whined, and backtracked a few feet.
“Fury wants to bring
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony sat down and worked on accepting his fate while Steve went through the bag and got out a few things.
She obviously cared more about killing Loki than fending off Tony, and made to finish the trickster off before he could scramble up and leap back into the fray. He did just that, once again flipping them and sending her skidding across the room. Tony crouched over Loki and hissed in defiance.
“I get it, I get it. Complaints noted.” Tony slammed the button to shut the workshop doors, leaving Steve to fume in the hallway. “Lock the lab, JARVIS. I have programs to code, boots to weld, and gear to fabricate.” Tony discarded his gauntlets and helmet on the table designated for the suit as he made his way to the back of the room, where JARVIS was prepping the machines to remove the rest of it. The process was more refined than it had been at first and Tony was off like a shot once the last piece came off, raising all the holograms he had left before the spontaneous battle. He had been halfway through a security upgrade for SHIELD’s helicarrier amongst numerous other things. He plucked that particular hologram out and discarded the rest, opening up a few empty windows for notes and ideas as he went, delving back into his project as the workaholic version of stress relief.
“A spy must always be aware of their surroundings.” He started, and Tony actually paid attention to one of his ‘lessons’ for once; he was always giving one tip or another. “Nat is as silent as the grave, but I knew she was there because you turned to look right at her. Always be observant.” Clint tapped the skin next to his eye and went back to waiting with his slingshot, while Tony contemplated it. Clint was mostly deaf without his hearing aids in anyways, but the point was still valid. It actually proved the point even further but Tony just went back to chewing on his rubber penguin instead of over-analysing Clint and his guarding of the stove.
Tony pushed that to the back of his mind and put his nose to the grindstone for so long that he lost track of time, until his stomach was growing painfully and he really needed to pee. He was only maybe an hour away from finishing the SHIELD assignment though; that was a plus.
Tony wasn’t sure what time it was when he woke up, but the first thing he noticed was how tight his chest was. It was night, it was completely dark, and he could barely breathe.
“It’s been a long time since I slowed down enough to enjoy the day like this.” Steve said, and Tony looked up from where he was licking his bowl clean to tilt his head. Steve chuckled and leaned back with his arms folded against his chest.
“Well this sucks.” Tony grumbled, remaining on the cool metal ground and turning himself over to face Steve. “Are you okay?” He asked, listening to the rest of the group walk away as he checked Steve from nose to tail for scratches. There was a small one on his chest and before Steve could protest, Tony rolled him onto his back and planted himself firmly on top so he could clean it.
, wait ‘till I get my hands on you-”
Tony pretended that he hadn’t thought that, and was immensely glad that the collar hadn’t spoken it aloud. He must just be elated from the vindication he was feeling at the moment.
Tony was slowly returning to consciousness, the clacking of a keyboard drifting into his ears.
Tony was a big boy, though. He didn’t need to make Steve chase him all over the house again. So when Steve shut off the water and put Tony in the tub, he stood stock-still and tried not to flinch every time Steve poured a cup of water over his back. The water just barely reached his belly and he shivered, taking intentionally deep breaths to keep from panicking.
“Steve? Steve!” He whipped his head around, and crouched low in an instinctual defensive posture when he spotted a cat approaching him. He was a bit larger than Steve, who flattened his ears as the strange cat came to a stop in front of him. Steve’s tail began to whip back and forth and he made a threatening ‘Mhrrrrr-r-r-r….’ sound deep in his throat. The other cat took a step back and sat down, seeming in no hurry to fight. Steve didn’t relax.
“Was it rabid? Do we need to make Stark go to medical and get the bite checked out?” Steve asked, arms crossed over his chest and looking
“Do you know who he is, then?” Natasha asked, arms crossed and posture tight.
“What’s going on? Did they get Aunt May?” Tony asked, peeking past Bruce’s shoulder to look. There were several black SUV’s parked precariously in the rubble up what used to be the street. Some agents were leading May into a car and likely back to a nearby medical tent, while Agent was bent down next to the Iron Man armor and talking to the spy twins.
“Well, now we can’t have that.” Loki’s hand shot out and he grabbed a fistful of Tony’s hair, his other hand resting on Tony’s forehead. He whispered a harsh-sounding chant in an unfamiliar tongue, and Tony had a moment to enjoy a sensation similar to being slammed into a brick wall right before his consciousness was ripped away.
“That he seems to be.” Hannah laughed, undoing the buckles and straps on Tony’s vest and sliding it off as carefully as she could, setting it on an adjacent table next to her clipboard. “I heard that he saved Nat’s life, and if she couldn’t get herself out in the first place, it must have been quite the pickle.” Hannah felt along Tony’s back as she talked, then rolled him over to look for burns. He could feel one on his hip and a few small ones on his front legs and tail, but other than that he was alright, if a bit tired.
“How are we going to tell him it’s us? Nothing like this has happened before, it’s not like he has a protocol for it. Morse code, maybe?” Natasha wondered aloud, and they sat in contemplative silence for a few beats until Thor suddenly jumped to his feet.
“What happened to this one?” Peter asked, leaning closer to the glass until his nose was almost touching it.
The other voice on the line was tinny and quiet to Tony’s ears, but he could still make out what Steve was saying.
‘Quiz him.’
The kid plowed on, completely unaware that Tony was in fact a highly-functioning previously-human cat, and would actually understand what he was saying. “I’d better be careful, I guess. Are you bugged, kitty-cat?” He added in a baby-voice, scratching behind Tony’s ears, which flicked in irritation. “Well, I suppose I should think of something to call you. Hmm… Tommy?” Tony stopped kneading, giving the kid his best unimpressed glare. “Alright, alright, not Tommy. Lincoln?” Tony turned him down again, but he kept throwing out names anyways. “Jessie? Robin? How about Ishmael? That’s a really good book. Anyway… Let’s try some bands. I don’t think cats can listen to music like people can, but I don’t think you really care. Angus? Rick? Malcolm? Vivian?” Tony finally flicked his ears and sighed, settling his head on his own paws. The kid sighed in return and let his hand still on Tony’s back. “Let’s just go with Vivian. Def Leppard, huh? The name is elegant, though. Like you!” His voice got high again as he cooed, booping Tony on the nose.
Tony took in the whole situation, looking for ways to free her leg without sending rubble down on top of them. He could barely see through the sheets of plaster and aluminum vents that had fallen down, but he was just the right size to wiggle through to her knee. There was a beam midway down her shin and Tony could tell that the bone was at least broken. It would hurt like a bitch to get her out.
advanced enough to fit in a coaster-sized casing at the same time.
didn’t want to be found. They were all lounging in the living room as he recounted the tales of his search.
“Sorry, hon. I’ll be as gentle as I can.” She murmured, careful with the foot while she kept a firm grip on his leg to keep him from moving. She poked around the inflamed joint and had barely rotated it before Tony was trying to sit up, pulling to get his foot free because that
go with lime green! Who the hell did she think she was?
“I already said I’m not helping you.” Tony realized he was gripping his- thankfully empty- plastic coffee cup so hard that it was a crumpled mess, so he relaxed his hand and took a deep breath.
“Oh, you don’t even know. You’ve never even seen him with his shirt wet, it’s like fucking Christmas in July-” Tony was cut off by the return of Coulson, who was just in time to see Natasha bump shoulders with Tony and twitch her whiskers at him. She totally agreed.
“Comms check.” Rumlow barked, and Tony wanted to heave a sigh. He was fed up with the guy after being stuck in a quinjet with him for hours. He steeled himself and pushed down his irritation to focus on the mission.
. And
“Stark.” Fury nodded to him and then turned to Clint, who was subtly counting the cookies left on the counter. “Could you get Romanov?” He asked and Clint gave a dramatic salute before he hurried out of the kitchen.
When they arrived at the building a few hours later, Fury led them straight to the hanger and without much preamble shooed them on a quinjet and on their way to Italy. The three of them plus four other agents made for a full ride, yet nobody talked anything but shop. The agent seated next to Tony was the only one to actually cover some protocols and gave him a crash-course in SHIELD etiquette.
“Can we trust you?” Thor asked, crossing his arms and staring Tony down. It was uncomfortable, but Tony’s conscience was clear. He nodded vigorously and spun around again, trying to convey the urgency of the situation.
“Geez, guys, calm down.” Pepper said fondly, setting down the bowl and wiping her hands on her jeans so she could bend down and pet them. Tony noticed that her nose wasn’t red, and he blinked in confusion. Wasn’t she allergic?
“That would be wonderful.”
“Hey, kitty. I can’t find anything online about recent Oscorp activity, but I guess I really didn’t expect to. They’ve been quiet since The Lizard Fiasco.” Tony looked up at him and twitched his whiskers. He remembered seeing that on the news, almost a year ago now. The Avengers had been out of state, but obviously, Spiderman had handled it.
“Tony, thank
Sorry if this is a bit short
Tony glanced one last time at Natasha and Clint before he trotted down the ramp and hurried to the edge of the clearing and into the woods. He heard the ramp close and when he turned to look the quinjet had gone into stealth mode; you wouldn’t know it was there unless someone told you. Tony turned back to the trees and took a deep breath. He wasn’t exactly nervous, but he hadn’t really been on a stealth mission before. So he stayed low and made sure not to cause too much ruckus with his heavy footsteps and bulky vest.
Tony thought, barking at them to get the spider-guy’s attention.
Tony lifted his arm again and looked at it, shouting obscenities when he realized what had happened. He was covered in fur, and Loki had said ‘transformation spell’. From the look of his hand- paw, damnit- he was some kind of dog.
You think I-”
“Hey Nat, do you think you could keep Stark occupied and send Bruce over here when they’re done?” Steve murmured. She didn’t look thrilled at the idea of babysitting, but she nodded anyways and stood gracefully from her seat.
“Would you want us to brush your teeth? You can’t do it yourself, it’s not really fair to make you deal with that if you don’t want to.” Tony nodded and Bruce scratched him behind the ears, pulling him into a hug.
(See the end of the chapter for
“We’ve met, yes.” Loki said, picking at his nails as if he was bored. Tony subtly triggered the Avengers alarm he had on his phone and slipped it into his pocket. Loki glanced down at it but said nothing, instead lounging back in the seat and crossing his legs.
