“No, Nothing. I was just thinking. You never did show me that video... the one you said you watched for “research”.” I grin into his chest.
Sherlock
I wake as light starts to steam through the sheer curtains in the room. I look over to see Sherlock reading on his laptop. “Mmm, Hey you didn’t sleep?”
Sitting up I reach and grab the lube from besides us, a loud snick heard as I flip the cap open and start dribbling it over my long fingers, "Why waste time? I know what I want, I know how to get it."
“Mmm. Ok.” I start brushing my fingers through his hair.
“This isn’t going to hurt is it? And I’m going to be awake?” I lay back, a bit resigned. When he got the idea for an experiment, there wasn’t much I could do.
My oiled and warmed hands begin to sweep up and down John's arm from shoulder joint to finger tips, feeling and squeezing my way along as I swivel and test his stiffened and damaged limb.
The noise I make is alike to a gasp but with a throaty, raspy little edge, eyes tightly shut to cut out anything that isn't the sensations my body is feeding me, attempting to categorize and store each one for new data.
I gaze into his eyes as I shift, using my free hand to guide myself to his stretched and slippery entrance, positioning to avoid a painful search, before starting to breach him
I start pulling sandwich fixings out of the fridge. “Uh huh l. I bet you could tell me everything I said.... what kind of sandwich do you want?”
I pull back putting my hand on his cheek. “Yes I said yes!” I chuckle, “Have you forgotten already?”
Sherlock
I tried to send my brother a text...either warning or calling for help. I'm unsure now. The world is hazy around the edges and my brain keeps wanting to shut down from overloading. My body wants nothing more than to comply with that, making me stagger into a bunch of chairs from which I snatch a magazine and wave it, yelling, "MY BOYFRIEND. He's a doctor solider and so smart. I love him and I miss him and I DEMAND to see him, so there. I have rights as his boyfriend you know."
“Don’t care. That’s the way I like it.” I continue to play with his hair, careful of his sutures as he drifts off again.
I try to answer but it seems John has quite skillfully sucked all the breath from my vocal chords, resulting in a high pitched little gasp.
I grab the lube from the bedstand, then lay down on my belly, hooking his legs over my shoulders and wriggling up between them, my voice muffled as I kiss the inside of his thighs, "Tell me?"
Sherlock
It feels so strange, almost too strange but I stay with it, trying not to move in any way as he works. I remember what my research said and I attempt to relax myself, my hands kneading the blankets either side of me.
He lifts my legs and hips up and suddenly I feel very exposed. He’s so close that I can feel his breath on me. “Do you want a pillow?” I choke out nervously.
I start moving my finger in and out sinking slightly deeper each time. Soon I was pulling my entire finger in and out.
“You won’t lose me. I’m right here. What makes you think that?” I brush his cheek.
I can't stop my transport from rebelling and giving a small shudder, leaving the table and going to flop down besides him, my head falling down quite hard into his lap to demand strokes.
“I hope I won’t have to do that. I trust you.” I sigh, sitting up straighter. “The doctor came in while you were still sleeping. He said that they are still waiting on the results of your lung function test. But that they are keeping you until tomorrow morning at least.”
Sherlock
Nudging and nuzzling his lips I murmur, "For a straight man you don't seem to fear the taste of yourself."
“You seem intent on getting rid of me. Making me leave. I’m not that stupid you know.” I smile smugly back at him.
I reenter the room, quietly, carrying a bag and fish and chips and two teas from the stand on the corner. Sherlock was still wrapped in the blankets, breathing deeply.
My free hand curls in the sheets as I drop down to my elbows, resting my lips by his ear to whisper, "No amount of research, of lists, of porn or textbooks, could describe this feeling John. I'm not sure I can either."
“Yes, I’m here. We are trying to get your vitals. You weren’t waking up.” I ruffle his hair.
My cheeks flame red, not knowing where to look or what to do as I befoul the bed, "I'm don't know what's happening John. Is it meant to do that?"
“Yes, it is a circle!” John takes the block and smiles brightly. “Good job, Rosie!”
Even as he said it, John knew there was no use challenging Mycroft. He had always been a bit of a pushover. Whatever was going on here, he honestly didn’t care. It couldn’t be any worse than the void.
An almost dangerous excitement seizes him as he looks straight into the man’s swollen, terrified eyes.
He almost didn’t answer, but the need for something interesting to happen won out.
He took a moment to gather his bearings.
“I expected you might put up a bit of a fight,” Mycroft commented. “So I’m here to see you safely to your destination.”
“Thanks.”
He pulls away carefully, and they lock eyes, their faces level. Neither says anything. They just stand there, breathing.
Giggling, Rosie goes back to the pile between the armchairs.
He picks up a cube from on top of another cube and sets it beside the cube instead. Before Sherlock can prompt him, John places the little bridge across the two blocks.
Rosie giggles in response.
Then, before John could say anything, Sherlock lifted his chin with his thumb, leaned down, closed his eyes, and returned the kiss.
you faked it.” He lifted his head so he could speak coherently. “I want to know why. You said something about snipers?”
Neville St. Clair looks at him, and John sets his jaw. Whatever the explanation is, he supposes he’ll hear it soon. For now, it’s time to square things with Scotland Yard.
The kiss had taken John by surprise. It even took Sherlock by surprise, because he certainly hadn’t planned it. He had acted on an emotional impulse, something his past self would have scoffed at. But it hardly matters anymore what past Sherlock would think, or even what future Sherlock will think looking back. All that matters right now is the two of them sitting in this cab on their way home from a case.
“I… okay.” John took a step back.
John lowers his head into his arms.
“Mycroft managed to call off the snipers.” Sherlock set his hands on John’s shoulders, seemingly unsure how to deal with the emotional wreck he was quickly becoming. “So you’re not in danger anymore. But I’m afraid I’ll have to stay in hiding for some time. Could be a couple years.”
“Two years old.” Molly shakes her head fondly. “Time really flies, doesn’t it?”
“Wonder what she finds so fascinating,” John murmurs, watching the interaction with amusement.
There were people in the street around him. People who probably knew who he was. A few tried to approach him, but decided better of it. At least, that’s what John could deduce from the shoes that seemed to be pointed toward him, which then hesitated, and turned away. Sherlock would be proud of him. Or maybe he’d just shake his head and start pointing out all the apparently obvious things John hadn’t picked up on.
Sherlock steeples his fingers in front of his chin and resumes his pacing.
his life.
“All right, where are we putting this one?” John asks, turning the most recent block over in his hands. It takes him a moment to realize it’s shaped like a tiny bridge.
“I’ll leave you alone, to,” Mrs. Hudson’s voice cut off, and she turned away from John, raising her hand to her lips. “You know.”
“Say hi, Rosie!” Sherlock urges the little girl.
John’s brain short-circuited. His thought process was clouded by the dreamlike fog. He still couldn’t believe this was real.
“I’ve been well, John. Thanks for asking.” She smiles brightly at him. “How’s Rosie? I’m sorry I haven’t been by recently. Things have been a little busy around here. I’ll come visit her soon, I promise!”
But that shouldn’t have mattered, should it? It would ultimately be Mary John would be dancing with at the wedding, who he would dip at the end of the dance, and they would both laugh, and he would kiss her before lifting her back up.
He bowed his head, his hands clenching tighter than before, tears beginning to run from his eyes and fall to the ground. He brought a hand to his face and let himself cry for a moment.
It was crazy how half a second could bring everything screeching to a halt. How it had burst the bubble he’d been living in since his best friend had miraculously come back from the dead. The air outside the bubble was cold, leaving him frozen, almost paralyzed, with no idea how to proceed.
“I…” John lowered his hands, turned his head away. “I’m sorry. I… I need a minute.”
“Lead the way.”
“It is what it is?”
“…there,” he managed to spit out.
Instead of following him in, like John expected, Mycroft stepped back and shut the door.
“I’ve got to get going, too.” Molly starts putting things away. “It was nice seeing you both. I’ll try to stop by to see Rosie soon.”
“She’s been very eager to start her day,” John comments.
“It really is good to be back.”
John kneels over the scratch marks. Humoring Sherlock, he opens the magnifying glass and holds it over one of the gouges. He can still see some dried blood on the wood. Neville must have really scratched up his hands trying to get a grip. That part checks out, what with all the splinters where he split the wood, which in turn split him.
Sherlock sets about preparing two mugs of tea.
(not there).
John didn’t even really care how long Sherlock was going to be in hiding. All that mattered right now was that he
They sat in their chairs for a while, looking in different directions, no words spoken, in many ways out of respect.
“Mr. Boone?” Sherlock scoffs. “You really need to learn to do better background checks. Let’s go, John.” He pushes the door the rest of the way open. John half-smiles-half-grimaces at the guard before following.
John will stand up, tell Sherlock his simple observation, and Sherlock will roll his eyes, tell him he sees but never observes, didn’t he notice the splinters, the direction of the scratches, didn’t he notice how they point
“How why what?” Sherlock stands and flips up his coat collar, feigning nonchalance. “Be more specific, John.”
Instead, he let out a small laugh.
he orders. “And while you’re at it, get me a blood sample.”
Hold him tight and never let go. Or… maybe just let it play out. After all, he came right back.
“Yeah.”
“Just put her down for a nap,” Mrs. Hudson tells him.
wanted to marry her. But that was before the miracle. He had been in an entirely different state of mind then, and while he had tried so hard to create the best of both worlds, he had been delusional to think that he could go through with the wedding after such a life-changing event.
“And what makes you think I want to do any favors for you?” John demanded.
Wait. Keep holding out hope. Avoid Mary. Really, though? He wouldn’t have Rosie. And he really did need her support at the time. So maybe…
John stares after him for a moment, quieting his trembling hands, a dazed look in his eyes. Then he chuckles softly and shakes his head.
“I look forward to it,” John responds.
“Are you all right?”
Now Sherlock broke off. John could sense his head moving closer to his. As Sherlock’s hand settled on his cheek, John’s eyes fluttered open. Their eyes met, both sets filled with tears.
He paused for a moment, struggling to regain control of his breaking voice. His tongue moved of its own accord, tying itself.
Softly, Sherlock asks, “Are you happy?”
“What?” Molly stops halfway to the door and turns back.
He opened his hands again and shook them out. Punching Mycroft wasn’t going to solve anything. The last time he’d punched someone, he ended up handcuffed.
“Hold on.” John pauses in the act of taking his phone out of his pocket, staring at Sherlock with both skepticism and incredulity. “How? And why?”
John opens his eyes again.
Against his better judgment, John let his eyes drop to Sherlock’s lips.
Collapsing. Emptiness. Grief. Remembering doesn’t hurt as much as it used to, but it still comes quickly to mind.
“John.”
He held on tighter as his hands began to shake. Tears began to form in his eyes. He was feeling too many emotions at once right now. Too many to even begin to identify them.
John peeks nervously toward Molly, and is relieved to find that she’s not upset. Just a bit flustered.
“Be patient, Dr. Watson.” Mycroft clasped his hands together in his lap, still not turning his head. “It will all make sense soon enough.”
His mouth drops open.
Despite his warning, she keeps reaching, starting to get a bit pouty.
“Mr. Boone just saw you.”
Mrs. Hudson is there in an instant, already reaching for Rosie.
His legs buckled under him, but he didn’t fall, because Sherlock held on to him. Shaking and sobbing, he went completely limp as Sherlock carefully lowered him to the ground. He let go of his coat, and Sherlock held him close, practically cradling him in his arms.
John rolls onto his back and stares at the ceiling, letting it all wash over him. Guiding his breathing to a more even pace as the panic settles into mere existential dread.
“Got it?” Sherlock asks, striding quickly toward John as soon as he enters the lab.
“John.” He stops pacing. “You’re not usually up at this hour.” His eyebrows furrow. “No nightmares, I hope?”
“I see we’re recreating the case,” John observes.
“I love you,” he repeated.
“How do you know he’s alive?” John stays where he is, even as Sherlock starts for the door. “And didn’t you just see Boone? Why are we going back to see him when you were
“Oh, what now?” Boone wails. “Another interrogation?”
John dials Lestrade and follows after Sherlock, who releases the door and starts down the hall. As the phone rings, he hisses to Sherlock, “You’re just showing off, aren’t you?”
“Excellent, John.” Sherlock spins around again, holding up a finger. “I followed that exact train of thought myself.”
But John was barely listening. The whole thing was still so unreal. It couldn’t be real. It
(not there)
John stared vacantly at the grass as Mrs. Hudson began to walk across the cemetery, quietly sobbing. Then he let his gaze rest on the gravestone again, breathing deeply in and out and readjusting his stance.
“Ah, yes.” He holds it at eye level. “Just what I was looking for.” Examining the contents, he adds, “More wood than blood, but I think we have enough to go on.”
His blogger, who has become so much more than his blogger, tested again and again and pushed to his very limits, yet surviving, healing, and living. Young Rosie, a light in darker times, unaware of what they’ve faced but surrounded by the best people she could ever know. The detective, who has cheated death multiple times, but knows he isn’t invincible. He’s learned from his past, learned to open his heart, learned how to keep the worst of the danger at bay, so that none of them will ever again have to suffer anything like what they already have. Here in this flat which has been shaken to its very foundation, yet with time and effort and care, has become suitable again, built back stronger than it was before.
The three of them reconvene twenty minutes later, Sherlock and John passing Rosie off to each other while they pull on their coats.
And there, standing just a few feet away from him, was Sherlock Holmes.
“John,” Sherlock calls to him, waiting at the stairwell entrance.
John smiled back. And, although Sherlock had probably already deduced that he was going to do it, he held his hand tighter, slid his arm behind him, and tipped him back just as Sherlock had done to him, much to Sherlock’s amusement.
think Neville is alive? You said last night that it was highly improbable!”
Both guards shift their eyes awkwardly away.
“John.” Sherlock looks up again. “Would you be so kind as to fetch me an eyedropper?”
“Every day, I wonder if it’s the day she’ll start trying to climb out of her crib,” he admits.
“No,” John assures him. “No dreams at all, actually. Just a bit of insomnia.” He glances over his shoulder toward Sherlock's room. “Rosie?”
“Sherlock.” John clears his throat.
John rolled his eyes again.
Sherlock clasps his hands together in his lap, ready to wake John if he shows any sign of fitful sleep.
Squeezing the blood from the vial into an eyedropper, Sherlock murmurs, “Not a sociopath.”
“Okay!” John repeated.
“I still have surveillance on you, yes, but it’s for your protection.”
“Everything.”
John doesn’t respond this time. Sherlock moves closer.
“She’s getting a little big for that crib,” Sherlock comments, looking up from the blood samples in front of him. “Might be time to upgrade.”
Then he took one more deep breath, straightened up, and strode away.
As he says this, Sherlock glances subconsciously at John. He’s not expecting to find John looking right back at him. An intense look passes between the two of them, and Sherlock finds his gaze lingering.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I… I don’t know.” John sighs, letting his eyes rest. “I’m a little lost at this point.”
“We should get ready, too, shouldn’t we?”
“Hold on a minute.” John pulls his stool a bit closer, leaning his elbow on the table. “Didn’t I say that?”
“That you did.”
It was very brief. His heels had left the ground due to a considerable height difference, and he was beginning to lose his balance. Not to mention he’d forgotten to breathe. He pulled away rather abruptly, keeping his now wide-open eyes on Sherlock.
“Apologies,” he calls softly, and Boone lifts his head in surprise. “I believe I addressed you by the wrong name earlier.”
“Not the blood, John.” Sherlock puts his hands together again and shakes them excitedly. “We’ve got what we need from the blood already. It’s the splinters!” He grins. “The splinters will tell us what we need to know.”
Sherlock begins explaining again, making a conscious effort to keep a steady pace to his words. Lestrade nods, evidently understanding a lot better now.
“John.” Sherlock’s mouth twitches into a light smirk, one that John doesn’t catch since Sherlock’s back is to him. “When have I ever had a
John turned to Mycroft, figuring if he stared him down long enough, he might clue him in. But Mycroft kept his head faced forward.
John cleared his throat.
“The majority of the splinters are pointing toward the edge,” he explains. “If Neville had been scratching it while trying to pull himself up, they would be pointed the other way.”
I'm going to miss writing this story, but I think I got what I wanted out of it. Thank you for reading!
John’s eyes rolled up toward the sky. “Mycroft…”
“Sherlock…”
“Yeah,” John responds. “Of course.”
They glance away again, subtly, just the slightest turn of heads, looking at Rosie instead. John lets his gaze wander toward their block structure, where his right hand and Sherlock’s left hover, barely an inch between them.
“Mycroft?”
“Maybe someone intercepted it?” John suggests. “That Boone guy, maybe? He’s the prime suspect. Maybe he found the body and hid it, made sure there weren’t any traces of his DNA?”
Upon waking up from a dreamless sleep, there’s quiet. Empty space.
John finishes his breakfast and goes upstairs to get ready. Sherlock rinses off the dishes in the sink, then carefully takes Rosie out of her chair.
John forced his eyes back into focus. It was definitely Sherlock. But
Except, for just a moment, John forgot about that small fact. He was too busy laughing with Sherlock, who was still hanging at an awkward angle in his arms, looking up with his eyes not wide open, but relaxed just enough that John could see he trusted him not to drop him.
“John.” Sherlock’s expression became very serious.
He takes her continued giggling as affirmation, and lifts her into his arms to carry her to the kitchen.
“I was… so alone.” He tapped his fingers on the stone again, willing himself not to break down crying right there. “And I owe you so much.”
With a deep breath, he readjusts his grip on the vial in his hand, and smiles back at Mrs. Hudson.
“Are you having second thoughts about the wedding, John?”
“I have nothing to ask you that I couldn’t figure out on my own.” Sherlock threads his fingers together, bringing his matter-of-fact eyes to Boone’s swollen ones. “I would like to take a look at your hands, though.”
“No.” He smiled very softly, so small it was hardly detectable. “I didn’t die.”
“Wrong,” Sherlock mutters.
John subtly rolls his eyes. “Molly and that guy.”
Finally managing to tear his gaze from John’s, Sherlock walks up to the bars again. Wrapping his hands tightly around them, he looks in again at the prisoner.
“John Watson,” he whispers. Skimming his thumb over his cheek, he looks at John with all the adoration he has ever felt. “I love you.”
“All right, so I panicked!” he finally spits out. “You saw through it. Congratulations. What are you going to do with me now?” If his eyebrows were in any shape to be moved, he would probably be raising one of them. “I’m not a murderer.”
“Sherlock.” John closes his eyes as they begin to burn with unshed tears. He wraps his arm around Sherlock and lays his head on his shoulder. “I love you. So much. So, so much.”
But then another tear fell. And another.
Or the devastation of a patience grenade? A bleeding bullet wound? A twisted body on the pavement?
“Circles are two-dimensional,” Sherlock explains, earning an eye roll from John. “That’s a cylinder.”
…to Sherlock.
“It is what it is,” John agrees. He adjusts his grip on Sherlock’s hand and smiles at him affectionately. “And what it is... is okay.”
John stood up and took a step closer. Sherlock continued to follow him with his eyes.
"Think it over," Mary said, she took her purse from the armrest of the chair, "I'll ring you tomorrow to let you know about the scan and we'll talk."
The East Wind had come.
to play any game.
that he had failed. He had obviously failed in taking down Moriarty’s web. He had played by rules Moriarty had created and the man had won. The problem was that whoever had spied on him for the past eighteen months knew that his heart wasn’t broken any more.
“What do you want me to do?” John asked.
When a private residence became a crime scene John could never shake a slight sense of uneasiness upon entering it. He felt like an intruder – he was neither a soldier nor a doctor (especially when there wasn’t any corpse). It was even worse that morning; because as much as Sherlock was looking like himself and his eyes had lost that hollow look in them, he was playing the game, he was doing exactly what Bennett and the people behind him wanted him to do. And he was not blind or stupid.
(his lover, the one person he could
John sighed. “Ok, I deserve that.”
“Yes, John. A new kidnapping. It’s clearly inferred in the note. I hope you won’t start to question me now, of all times!”
him. He was there to shag. Crude, base, plebeian, but nonetheless true.
And it didn’t matter that, apparently, it had been a honest mistake from a young nurse, who had accepted to leave a gift from a young woman, one
One more would not hurt, the SIS in him, said. He was thinking of what he had learned about Mary Morstan, about dates and logistics and yes, perhaps speaking with Joan would not be a bad idea, provided that she would be still safe.
Maybe it was the wrong thing to say, but he couldn’t stop the words that came out of his mouth. Sherlock’s hands were warm on his face and John wanted nothing more than lean into the man’s touch, close his eyes and pretend that the last few minutes had not happened, and he knew that Sherlock would have appreciated that, he would have been grateful, perhaps, or relieved. But – he had thought he was not blind any more, hadn’t he? He could not go back to that way of thinking.
The first things John had noticed when he had entered the couple’s flat, was how much it had been home for them: everything, from the mismatched furniture, to the books and dvds, the knickknacks and framed pictures on the walls told him how much William Moore and Joan Adams loved that bright, tidy flat.
Not about your  past lovers," John said. He didn’t even know where that had come from.
He blinked his eyes, surprised when he felt tears trail down his cheeks. He was not a crier. That was not how he had been wired. Yet the tears were there and John was too busy clutching Sherlock’s white shirt (he would have to bring him another one) in his hands to wipe them away. He was too busy thinking about punched mirrors, scalding water, big gulps of air taken after a nightmare, quiet silences and tentative smiles.
forgiven, but even Sherlock knew better than showing
He was shorter than him, he was older than John, with grey in his temples, shadow under his eyes and glasses he forgot everywhere.
“Where are we going?” Sherlock asked, looking around almost owlishly.
“Sherlock -” Victor said, breaking his train of thoughts. He knew that tone of voice too, he remembered it: it was the one that meant that there was something important he needed to tell him, like the fact that he wanted their relationship to be a secret, or that he had been accepted for a Ph.D. in the USA.
What was he begging him to do? Listen to him? Look at him? Letting him go with him because they were Sherlock Holmes and John Watson and it was always the two of them against the rest of the world?
One of the things he had had to endure  when Mycroft had tricked him into working for him had been physical training. He had resisted it, at first; he had always practiced martial arts after all; he had thought it would be a monumental waste of time. He had also thought he had been a good fighter, but Mycroft had not relented and the chance of solving puzzles had been too tantalizing, the siren call of cocaine too loud, therefore he had had to do as his brother had asked. He still resented him for that.
“This is going to be so much fun...” The man said.
That was not the moment for one of their feuds. It wasn't even the moment to remind Mycroft about their past, about the way it had been perfectly
When the door opened and a man, wearing a ski mask – seriously, what the
Yes, he had – he noticed that the men were keeping them apart. It was important, pivotal that Sherlock didn’t deduce what was truly going on. They were exposed, now.
He had pushed John away. He had done the right thing, for once. He had not been a selfish asshole. He had – done what good people were supposed to do.
the timing for them couldn't be worse; he knew that there were two victims: a dead woman and a man kidnapped (people Sherlock had known, not perfect strangers who bore a passing resemblance to either of them.) and the game was
It became very real – it made his heart clench painfully in his chest when he saw the picture attached to the text message he had received. His daughter was –
"We have been over this yesterday," Sherlock said. Was middle age finally slowing Mycroft down?
This fic deal with rape and trauma. Sherlock is avoiding the subject (and so is John), I'm trying to be respectful both of the subject and the emotional devastation it causes. Sherlock will not avoid it forever and neither will John
“We don’t have much time,” Mary replied, stating the obvious, which was something she never did. Of course, she was making sure that things went her way, even now. Whatever she had in mind, she did not care that help was on the way, that it was a matter of minutes before they were found.
Mycroft still hadn’t given him his orders. He had assured him that protection for Joan had been further reinforced, but he doubted she was in any danger at the moment. They had John Watson, it was clear they had plans for Sherlock, anything else would quickly fade to the background.
It was sleepless nights, tossing and turning in his bed, eyes wide open staring at the ceiling, his mobile phone silent, as he deconstructed and examined almost a decade of his life.
He focused on the room he was looking at, studying each single detail, trying to spot even the tiniest differences in it: there was none in the sitting room. He could still see how the room had been searched, the ham-fisted methods employed both by Scotland Yard and Mycroft’s people, but there was nothing out of place, nothing he had not seen or noticed before.
They found the room where John must have been kept first: it was bare, except for a chair screwed to the pavement. He knew that John must have been there because his coat was there, there was no blood – and he felt relieved. The very last thing he wanted was to tell Sherlock that he had found John’s blood.
She would kill Sherlock Holmes, eventually, but before that – before she took his life, she would take everything else away from him.
“Yes, John. Another kidnapping. It has started.” Sherlock said, he sounded tired, now.
hadn't seen Sherlock (she hadn't taken it personally, Greg had seen Sherlock almost every day and she suspected he wished he hadn't), she knew that things were
Oh, yes. He knew.
She was sincere, but she was also mocking John – mocking his love for him, the grief he must have felt after he had faked his suicide. And her words also explained how those people had known all the things that only John and he had been privy of – the things that had made him doubt, deep down, whether Moriarty was truly dead.
“The effect of the epidural should fade soon. I am truly sorry about –“ Mr. Neal trailed.
Who were those people? How could they know so many things about them?
Pale, perfect skin, black tousled hair, and those impossible, maddening eyes. God.
"You don't have to. But you have a daughter to think about, she is right: whether you want it or not your lives are linked."
blue.
Whoever was inside the house would probably hear the helicopters landing, they must have spotted the van and the cars, but he doubted it would make any difference at that point.
improvised.
him) and he had. He had blown Victor right there, in that sitting room,  drunk on the chemicals in his body that had made him want that ridiculous, kind giant of a man.
She relaxed against the thin pillow. The man took the phone away from her, without saying a word.
Mary smiled. She too knew Sherlock – she was the one who had first pointed out to him how not okay he was before they got married.
“Everything,” John said. It was the truth. Mycroft and Sherlock, but Moriarty and Mary as well had taught him through the years that truth could be easily manipulated, that one didn’t need to lie to succeed in deceiving a person.
The other man said, “Perhaps you might do some good and save at least
John was smiling, but Sherlock could see that he was worried. Perhaps he shouldn't have mentioned the throbbing and itching on his chest, but John had asked him (more like ordered) him to be completely honest as far as his health was concerned.
Drake had asked him if he wanted to help, back in the hospital, even before they all saw Mary being killed and he had said yes.
Sherlock hadn’t looked at him, not once, since his breathing had calmed down and he had moved away from him. He had been silent while the doctor examined him – not asking him to leave the room, but not acknowledging his presence either - , he had been silent while the nurses took his vitals, and fussed over his IVs, he had kept looking at the wall after, when they had remained alone in the room. John was looking at him, now.
He remembered the metal chafing against his wrists and naked skin; it had not been the worst he had experienced until that point, not by any stretch of imagination, he had not truly been afraid. Not at first.
John looked at Mycroft; he was smiling his best obnoxious smile, the one that usually tempted John into decking him. He had always refrained from acting on that impulse, until that moment.
"John." Sherlock started, but John interrupted him by saying, "We've arrived."
Doctor Hood nodded, “And -?”
“Sherlock?” Victor said, “An answer would be appreciated.” He hesitated and said, “any sort of answer.”
life threatening, not if John were brought to the A&E straight away – and that was the surgery Mary had mentioned because she would make sure, he saw it clearly in her eyes, that it did not happen. There were people outside, above them, and it still would not be enough.
Herman Bennett had died and had finally,
“Why did you open it?” Sherlock asked without looking at her.
"You have no idea about what's in store for
Sherlock was studying him and, for once, the look in his eyes was so
There were Alyce Bradford and her parents, who wanted to express Sherlock their gratitude, but also sought justice, who didn't know that Alyce had gone through hell because of a sick game.
He dialed the number and couldn’t help blinking his eyes in surprise when a woman answered right away.
“He is dangerous: he is not Jim Moriarty, you cannot get access to him, no one can. I had to sacrifice a friend to be noticed.”
“They will surely know you keep my mobile under control,” John said. It was useless to dance around the facts.
It had been blood, nightmares, Sherlock changing, allowing the cracks that he had been so good at hiding from him to show, to deepen and he had said, promised, vowed to himself that he would not leave him. He hadn’t. Not yet.
he wanted answers, he wanted --
“I’m sorry.” John said, “I’m
“You did.” Sherlock replied.
Mycroft wasn't there, though, Sherlock
He had been in Bucharest, he had got inside a black car - it had been his last stop before heading to Serbia.
He started to delete the solar system from his mental hard drive as he politely waited for Darren to reach his climax.
"Didn't you hear Mr. Bennett, John? This is
Mary had clearly expected those words, her face was utterly expressionless when she said, “Sure.”
was when Sherlock breezed through crime scenes, larger than life or played violin in their flat, or showed him London: the good, the bad and the ugly.
He would, unless finding his daughter clashed with his plans for the American man,
It was Sherlock’s taste: so unique, so unmistakably his, that it was like they had kissed a million of times before, even if the angles were awkward and every movement, every swipe of their tongues sent shivers run up and down his spine.
He could see it in John’s eyes: the blame, the accusation, the anger, the recriminations. John didn’t need to remind him of all the times that he had lied to him, deceived him either to protect him or because it was his nature because he was not a good man. It was written in every crease of John’s face, in his eyes, whose color had got darker.
“We will find John’s daughter – and whoever is responsible for this,” Mycroft said.
He shot a look at Mycroft, who was holding his brother’s gaze, apparently unconcerned with his request. Did Mycroft realize that Sherlock was almost unconsciously leaning toward him? Did he notice that their shoulders were ever so slightly brushing and that Sherlock looked
For a moment he was curious to know the man’s name, he had deduced everything else about the man, but he did not ask. It didn’t truly matter. He would have to ask John. John talked to those men, John – was the kind of man who cared.
The man didn’t volunteer any more information and Lestrade didn’t push for it, especially when the man got another message.
He had no idea how long it had truly been since Sherlock had picked up the blade. It had seemed to go on for hours, like in one of his dreams – and he was taking deep breaths because he had to think about his daughter – and Sherlock. God knew what Mary had in mind, but he could not take risks.
“Getting there, ain’t you?” Mary asked. There were no traces of her true accent now, it was American, mid western, to be precise.
The man smiled, John noticed that he had chapped lips when he licked them. For a moment he saw himself doing what Sherlock had done at Scotland Yard: he saw himself bashing that sick bastard’s head against the table over and over.  He saw himself stopping only when he had actually killed him, until he could see his blood spilling over the table.
He let out a moan, when the man
?" Sherlock countered.
"I can sleep upstairs if..." John trailed.
There was a split second where she was sure that John would move, which would be an utterly stupid idea on his part and she saw Sherlock tense behind the Plexiglas wall because he must be thinking the same.
“Right.” Greg said, “you might want to freshen up, though, I’m sure Mycroft can arrange something.”
“He – asked for a moment.” Greg continued and noticed how John swallowed at those words. Sherlock hadn’t wanted to be touched or looked at for a moment, he had seen the consulting detective schooling his features into a resemblance of detachment and calm, he had stared at a wall, for a few long seconds, while the trembling in his body abated; no one had moved, no one had helped him up, Sherlock had slowly got on his feet, only then had Greg stepped up and helped him sit.
John  didn’t step back from Sherlock, he only lowered his hand and turned, greeting Mycroft saying, “What took you so long?”
“I am not actually a child, John,” Sherlock said between clenched teeth.
Mycroft didn't even look up from the file he had been reading and said, "We need more data. Here..." He said handing him a manila  folder, "See if someone is missing."
It was the closest he could come to articulate everything that was wrong with the idea of John anywhere near Herman Bennett and, at the same time, it didn't even begin to cover it.
“David.” The man said, his tone of voice calm, soothing.
He always felt tested whenever Mary called. He always waited for the other shoe to drop with her, but so far the worse it had come from Mary were snide remarks about his newfound domestic bliss with Sherlock.  And John didn't know what to make of it; he was glad that the charade was over, that the game of pretending had come to an end, but he was also worried because he remembered what she had told Sherlock in that old house, he remembered how close to the knife she had been when they had got back to Baker Street. He didn't trust Mary, he couldn't, but until the baby was born there was not much any of them could do.
He saw, as if in slow motion, the man pulling the trigger, the spray of blood painting the white background crimson red, Mary’s head lolling on a side, her eyes open, unseeing.
He was in one of the cars, with Drake (he still didn’t know his first name) and another agent. None of them was saying it aloud, but there was the possibility that the reason why Mary had given them that clue in that video and that it had been relatively easy to retrieve the information they needed was because they might find just the bodies of Sherlock and John.
Sherlock's skin was too hot, he was probably running a fever, some part of himself noticed, he was pale, but he looked truly like himself: alive and vibrant with nervous energy.
Sherlock asked him about William Moore and Mycroft could not help a little smile when he said, “He is in Chicago making inquiries, with a woman whose resemblance to the late Irene Adler is, apparently, eerie.”
“If I don’t meet Herman Bennett they will –“ John trailed.
Sherlock let out a weak chuckle at his words, and said, "One failed relationship in my early twenties sort of proves my statement, wouldn't you agree?"
John shivered when they got outside the hospital; he had got used to the stuffed air of the hallways and Sherlock’s room, and was still wearing the cotton medical scrubs. It was raining and John closed his eyes for a moment, grateful for the cold after the initial shock, it was waking him up.
There would not be another failure.
John Watson didn’t like people sugarcoating things to him, that was just one of the many reasons why he had been drawn to Sherlock Holmes. It was also one of the reasons Greg respected him. John Watson loved facts, just like him. Problem was – he had no idea what he was really supposed to tell him. Not in that moment, at least. He had been the one who had freed Sherlock from the manacles, he could still smell the blood, he could still
The man didn’t talk. The other man tilted his head on a side and said, “We will see again Mr. Holmes, but that’s all you are going to get for now.”
And as always, Doctor Hood asked if he wanted to talk about those dreams and he declined.
He suspected he was going to find out soon, though.
Sherlock was watching the video again. John, though, was looking at him. Mycroft was holding the man’s gaze. John suspected that he knew. John did not care, he knew, he expected him not to intervene, not to care.
His mobile phone ringed – Harris’ did as well. One look at the man after he answered his own phone convinced him not to ignore the call.
? Because he had destroyed Moriarty’s web? Or because having his life taken away from him, bit by bit, would make him weaker, blind and
He had never met Jim Moriarty, but the people who had planned Joan’s kidnapping and the games with Sherlock Holmes claimed he was still alive. Mycroft Holmes, in person, had assured him that Jim Moriarty was dead and he believed him. He had no reasons to believe otherwise.
It could have been worse, he reasoned, as images of Joan Adams' hands popped up in his mind: Sherlock's name carved on her body had been terrible, but as a doctor (and a soldier) the idea of something happening to his hands was
I want to thank my best friend for bearing with me while I was in the middle of rewriting for the millionth time the last chapter and for her constant support.
Mycroft smiled and Sherlock thought, for a moment, about that first night at the hospital, after the basement; he had said things that night, words that hadn't made sense to his own ears or brain, but Mycroft had
The good news was that Sherlock not only looked unharmed, but he looked
Oh, she must have imagined that moment for a long time, hence the choreography:  the carefully chosen clothes, all the little games she had played, those bloody Plexiglas walls. But it was different when one was confronted with reality, after wishing something for so long.
John let out a breath and looked at him, “Greg has just called, he is at Bart’s, with Molly, something has happened, he wouldn’t tell me what, not on the phone –“ He said, “I could hear Molly cry, though.” That was the truth, he could also see that John hated having that blood on him as much as he did.
“Call your girl, skype her or facetime her or whatever – she needs to see this!” Drake said.
Mary Morstan had been a work of art: she was born for a purpose, but she had ended up being much more.
It was not midnight, the pool was not empty, he was not alone. There were people, there were Mycroft’s men and he was sure he was being watched by the people who had John. He kept his head high as he walked, his face a blank mask of indifference. The effect of pain killers was fading and Sherlock was glad for it.
Sherlock tilted his head back, leaning against the wall, he closed his eyes and mumbled, “Poison or anaesthetic?”
Sherlock ignored him for a moment and said, “Molly, you will be brought to a safe house. Lestrade –“
And yet –
, was something he only realized later) and looking worried had come to him, asking him to go outside with her.
, they were already playing the game, weren’t they?
Who the hell were those people?
The day before he had suggested William Moore's name mostly to keep him away from them, because given the choice whether to help them or Joan he would understandably choose the latter. Now he needed Moore to show whether he had indeed been as good as his brother had claimed he was.
The man spoke, telling him the exact time and date.
"You know that I would kill him if it weren't for the other victims, right?" John asked.
It was tiring (tedious) and useless going over things he had already explained and been debriefed about when he has come back.
happen.
"Which one is the medical doctor here?" John said.
Eight hours – almost one hundred stitches, silence, hollow eyes, nightmares – Sherlock’s and his – Moriarty’s name carved on Sherlock’s chest.
"Very well," Herman Bennett said, and John remembered the man's voice, his perfect diction and his house lacking in everything personal.
And Sherlock had just taken the deerstalker, he used to hate that hat and yet he didn’t hesitate wearing it – and John’s world, his surroundings were starting to feel real again.
He saw John swallow, his eyes getting big and bright, but his voice was steady when he said, “Please – don’t do this now. I can’t…”
could ever come close to this notebook or be able to decipher it, even if they tried.”
She had expected to string the Holmes brothers along with AGRA, with shreds of truth from her past, meanwhile, there would be other distractions for Sherlock. Mr Neal, however, had always been sure that Sherlock would not allow John Watson’s child to be born in prison.
He had placed a lot of trust in the man and he had not disappointed him.
He used to think he was better than that. He used to think he had a moral high ground with Sherlock. He used to think so many things that had proven to be utter bullshit.
“I know it isn’t–“ John started, but Greg interrupted him saying, “I know – I know, but he does.” The man moved another step and said, “I don’t know what’s going on – but I want to help.
. He couldn’t, though, not really, because there was something inside that box that he had to see because Molly Hooper, who had people protecting her, had called and Lestrade was
John rested his overnight bag on a chair, Mycroft got up, closed the folder and rested it on his chair, he casted a brief glance at Sherlock’s sleeping form, he turned and looked at him and said, with a tight smile on his lips, “A word?”
“John –“ Mary said, “I am opening the door – don’t be an idiot. I am not a junkie you can beat up in a crack house.”
“Good…” He said.
No. It was too inarticulate, too filled with sentiment. That was Mary’s idea. It had to be.
He knew he had stopped bleeding, he would have to find the time to change, not that it mattered, since he was probably going to die soon; the pain, though, was a constant throb humming underneath his skin, it was – a nuisance now that he needed his mind to be sharpest than ever.
He was shutting off in order to avoid that, Mycroft noticed, he was reverting to his oldest tricks, he was icily civil to him, barely moving a muscle as he talked and Mycroft needed his brother to fight, not to concede victory and sacrifice himself as he was clearly intent to do.
“He was our mole,” Sherlock said. He was being careful with his words as if it made any difference at that point; as if it could or would change the outcome.
“Sir, they are waiting for you,” She said.
“You are awake -” The familiar voice of the Russian man said.
There was a small pause, John blinked his eyes, “I guess –“ He said, “I know why you did not tell
She had watched as both men looked at each other, Sherlock still bleeding, John clenching his left hand in a tight fist – and she had known that things would go exactly like planned. She remembered how calm she had felt while Sherlock looked at her, deduced her – and she had let him see what she wanted him to see.
Sherlock nodded but didn’t comment on his words.
Sherlock opened the door and blinked. He looked pale and still had shadows under his eyes, he was wearing his Shezza attire, but he was clean – well, except for the dirt on his face and hands.
, he hated that he didn't know how many people were behind Bennett, how many people were in cohort under Moriarty's name.) next move would be.
That was their home: the usual chaos that for John had always been a synonym of life, of excitement, of adrenaline rushes and silences filled with unspoken
He knew that Sherlock was still looking at him, but he was surprised when he realized that he still hadn’t looked at Sherlock, not really, not in the way it mattered; sure, he had taken in all the details of his body: the gauzes on his torso, the orange blanket, the paleness of his skin in contrast with the dark bruises on his neck, the blotches of color on his face, but he hadn’t really looked at Sherlock’s eyes, because he always knew the truth – deep down – when he looked at him, the only times Sherlock had been able to fool him it had been when he hadn’t looked at him.
Mary’s plan had been excellent. She had been a masterful player, but human error, the variables she had triggered had been too far reaching for her to see them all. He had not seen, but she had been blind as well.
Mary studied him for a moment and then softly asked, “John – is Sherlock all right?” She tilted a finger up, stopping him before he could talk and said, “I made a terrible mistake that night, John – but I do care about him. And I owe him
, that talking to Herman Bennett had not sorted the desired effect. Yes. The man had tortured him. Yes, the abuse had been unpleasant and humiliating and painful, and yes,
She took a step back from John, and here it came – the moment she had been waiting for, and he had to force his heartbeat to slow down, he could taste blood in his mouth and he knew that begging for mercy would be useless; he remembered the text John had got, the simply ciphered words on it.
He could
, with Sherlock, and it was almost like
But they had heard him. He did not hear anything at first, and he was too disoriented, too unsure of his own senses to know whether the vibrations he had felt on the pavement were steps or his imagination. He tried not to flinch when he felt hands on him.
“No, God –
be, because he had become so much more than that: he had become  his conscience, his life, his heart.
your fault.” The man said.
That was only fair, he thought. There would be no mercy from him either.
She had smiled until that moment, a Mona Lisa, bland smile, the sort of smile he had smiled a thousand times while on assignment. It faded.
been a lot of pain, all the words Mr. Bennett had said, every moment in which he had touched him as if he owned him, the texture of his heated flesh in his mouth, the feeling of blood tickling down his body – the things he had hastily shoved in a dark corner in his mind palace filled his mind, his body, at once.
Victor’s father insisted on Sherlock keeping that picture, he had not even acknowledged his presence there, nor had Sherlock introduced him in any way. He felt like a ghost, like a silent witness, a not exactly welcome presence.
He knew. He was a genius – an exposed genius, whose past had left scars so deep and painful that it was a wonder, a bloody miracle that he had not become like Moriarty, that they had met at all.
Sherlock Holmes had discovered a lot of things since he had jumped from Bart’s rooftop.  He had discovered, for example, that he might be a SIS, on paper, so to speak: Mycroft had been creative with his status within the secret services, but fieldwork, real fieldwork, in foreign countries, was not exactly his milieu. His past affiliation with the British intelligence had not included those sort of things.
"Are you sure?" Greg asked.
“Go to the trolley, John, open the box.” Mary said.
had been planned; while Sherlock Holmes travelled the world, trying to tear down James Moriarty's web, while he slowly made his way back to London, things had been already in motion.
“Yes, John.” Sherlock said, replying to a question he was still formulating in his own mind, “including Mary. Mycroft will not cut a deal with her, he will not listen to what she has to say, that’s not what
All the tests had come back negative: he was not HIV positive; there had been a delay in his exams due to his stay at the hospital six months before, but he had the results in his pocket. He had texted John, who was with William interrogating one of the men apprehended in Mary’s house.
"Look at me, John!" He said (ordered, pleaded). He didn't expect the smile he felt tugging at his lips. He didn't expect his own body to react to John's proximity, but it happened: he smiled and he realized just how cold he had felt, despite the fever he was running, when he felt the warmth of John's skin against his fingers. And he knew John; as much as the man in front of him never ceased to amaze and surprise him - Sherlock knew his heart, he knew how much of a decent man he was.
"I want, no -- I think we all want closure. Don't we? Or am I supposed to tell you that I could disappear and you would never see your daughter? I know you, John -" She said, not finishing her sentence. She didn’t need to.
John had brought Sherlock coffee but only after he had stopped shaking, closed in a bathroom stall, on another floor, trying to breath past the scream that had struck in his throat, forcing him to close his eyes, to try and not let it out, scream until he was hoarse, until he could think again properly. Facts. Sherlock was pretending to sleep when he came back with his cup of coffee.
"I see," She  said.
He knew. Of course he knew, because if Herman Bennett as much as glimpsed at John he would squeeze the life out of him in a heartbeat. But -- he felt already too hollowed out to voice his thoughts. How did normal people function when they were in love? How did it not drive them crazy?
Mary shook her head, “Nope.” She said. She sounded exhausted.
It had almost happened in slow motion, for the second time in his life Sherlock had experienced what people meant when they talked about time slowing down. He had seen with perfect clarity Mary’s finger on the trigger, how her hand had been steady, he had had time to see the pattern the droplets of blood on her hand, old and new; the Russian man and John’s, when they had fought.
Sherlock, in that restaurant, had been the first real thing he had seen and felt for two years.
"Protection detail for Harry is in place," Sherlock said, speaking for the first time since they had left the morgue. His voice was surprisingly calm as if his former girlfriend hadn’t been killed and someone he had cared about wasn’t being used as an incentive to play.
She hated him. It was blindingly obvious – it must have consumed her to hide it so well and for so long. But why?
He was not superstitious, far from it, he had never believed in foreboding,  but he was experiencing something similar now.
Years later he would think about what ifs. What if he had met Jim Moriarty right after Victor had left? He would have joined forces with him in a heartbeat. He would have done anything to make that cacophony in his head stop.
He felt Lestrade, Molly and John taking steps back, he heard them breathing – he felt, achingly, the fact that John had taken a few steps back from him, that he was breathing softly: in and out, over and over.
He shivered when he felt Sherlock breathe against his forehead, with the cold, with that bloody rain, with too many words he needed to say, he closed his eyes.
It had not been Mary's decision, then - or whoever she responded to.
There wasn’t a message attached to the photo, no deadline, no clue, nothing to go on either – there was nothing in the background of the picture that might help him locate John and the baby: just bare walls and a concrete floor.
She liked what she was doing, it was transparent. She had probably missed the chance to misbehave, as Sherlock had told him she considered her activities.
“Watch.” The man said.
He smiled, and it was the kind of smile that usually paved the way to something unnecessarily cruel Sherlock would say to one of his agents, or witnesses. Before he could say anything, though, John came back, and even if part of Greg wanted to throttle Sherlock for being an idiot, for falling for yet another trap, he couldn’t bring himself to talk in front of John, who would probably agree with him on all counts, but he knew how Sherlock reacted to those kind of situations: he disappeared, he decided to do something rash and dangerous and he would burn in hell before he let it happen again.
Mr. Neal had told her that he needed Sherlock to carry out and succeed in his task.
“I’m dead if I say anything.” The man said.
“He – asked about you.” Greg said, “he – honestly, John? I think he was worried about you. He only accepted the blanket when you got in the house.”
taking his pulse -- and the hope that he believed the lie had become a litany in his head, behind his open, apparently, unseeing eyes.
She saw that Sherlock was looking at John’s prone form on the floor.
“I know.” She said. She touched her stomach, swallowing. “Speaking of promises…” She trailed.
Those people weren't playing elegant, wicked mind games with Sherlock. No, they wanted to hurt him. And he would be surprised if he knew how Sherlock had reached similar conclusions. Or perhaps not, not really.
"Sherlock..." John panted against his lips, breaking their kiss.
Mary sighed, “Anything funny?” she asked.
John’s legs gave out. He would not – could not crumble down. He needed to be strong – Sherlock would need his help soon.
Victor shook his head and said, “They told me you would come.”
Victor had been an aberration. He had learned his lesson.
"Of course, I want to be part of her life!" John hissed. And he really wanted to. They still hadn't broached the subject, not directly, but in an ideal world, John's daughter would become a semi-permanent fixture in their lives.
"I'll be back soon," Sherlock said, placing a soft kiss on his lips.
What he would remember were sounds and smells that he would always associate with those few days, even much later, when things became crystal clear.
“Three bullets.” Sherlock said, “that’s what Moriarty said that day, on the roof. That’s what Bennett told me – that’s why I followed him.”
Mycroft Holmes had done everything in his power to keep the man in that facility and he could see why; he had no idea about what he was doing to Herman Bennett , but whatever it was it was both legal (or the men’s lawyers would have already complained publicly) and most importantly, it was working.
She entwined her fingers with his like he had thought she would do. She was smiling and she was the most beautiful woman he had ever seen.
; the timing couldn't be more abysmal,
he had seen at Sherrinford: he had looked tired and haunted.
. He had seen that Drake had been observing them, on the threshold. The older man had seen and heard everything.
"It's fine. It's all fine." Sherlock said. And John smiled; hadn't he, said, those exact words during their first dinner together?
William and Joan – stand-ins for John and him. Victor, his first love. Janine – a friend, a very public girlfriend. Men and women bearing a resemblance to him. Oh, yes. It was
hit John, making his heart hammer against his ribcage: Sherlock was not watching telly, he hadn’t asked to read newspapers, he had not asked Greg or even Mycroft about Bennett.
Mary had not smiled as she said those words, she had still been pregnant when she had said those words, he clearly recalled her face in the tape, how cold the look in her eyes had been. Was that the real Mary? Or was it the woman in the cellar? He couldn’t say.
He had no idea about what he had just talked about, and he knew that Sherlock was not ready to share, therefore he let Mycroft’s words slide, but had to stifle a snort when the man asked, “Are you part of the task force? You still have not answered.”
“What –“ John trailed.
She was waiting for him to talk, to deduce, to ask questions, to ask for John again.
The woman had chosen the place where to meet; he had conceded it because she was the one who was risking her own life.
about that young fellow; he wanted to take and take and take, ride that wave of chemicals, empty himself into that man's willing throat and just forget about that phone call, about the silence in the flat and everything that had come before.
“Where is the baby?” He asked.
“So, it seems,” She replied eventually. She smiled and added, “Sherlock, do you remember when you talked about surgery?”
"As I said I'm
for a case, he would say, but it was a feeble lie, one he would almost feel shame for, because he had always owned his vice, his
Mycroft Holmes had not needed to ask, and he had not said a word either. He had been there when things had gone to hell and he would be there that time, too.
“You know why I am here,” John said.
And yet his brain had just frozen, jerked back to a grey morning when he had seen a silhouette on a rooftop – and in the span of five seconds he had finally, finally understood what had really happened that day.
There wasn't nothing sexual in his gestures, nevertheless he could feel arousal humming just underneath his skin -- and he blinked, in surprise, when he saw that Sherlock was not immune either.
John loved him – and he loved John.
He had been waiting for that precise moment, Sherlock realised.
He let Anthea speak, allowing him to glimpse the things he –
John got close to him (and God, yes, he needed
John hesitated for a moment; he looked at Sherlock, who was still sitting on the bed, whose left hand was still above the yellow envelope. John hadn’t left the hospital since Sherlock had been brought in; Mrs. Hudson had brought him some of the spare clothes he kept at Baker Street, telling him that Mary had brought his stuff there – and he had only half listened to her words about it. And Sherlock hadn’t objected to his presence in the hospital but he hadn’t taken it for granted, either. He knew the difference with him.
“Is this a part of your job?” Sherlock asked, genuine curiosity in his voice, “Relay a message to me?”
“Shit!” Drake exclaimed.
He was in his early twenties, again, and Victor Trevor was kissing him, under a falling snow, surprising him, even though they had skirted an invisible line for weeks, for months, perhaps, and Sherlock had simply conceded defeat and kissed him back.
"Do you want me to pretend that I was surprised? That I didn't see it coming? That I didn't know that it was only a matter of time before you chose him over me for good?"
And he could not, would not lose Sherlock, again over fear.
way he could, for eight hours) either under Moriarty’s command or because he thought he was following Moriarty’s instructions. He was somehow privy of the words Moriarty had told Sherlock to make him jump from that rooftop.
Moron. Sherlock thought, as he took his mobile phone from his pocket. He had  just got two texts.
The meeting had been brief, tense and mostly uneventful; Mycroft Holmes still did not know the name and the identity of the person who had taken Jim Moriarty’s place, he did not know whether it was a man or a woman, he did not know how it had started. He knew
Part of her, a big part of her to be honest, wanted to watch Sherlock’s face as she told him everything, every detail – even those he hadn’t already deduced. If they had more time she would tell him; she would have loved to use all the boxes, all the ideas she had – but she had been informed about the people in Chicago, so she knew that Mycroft Holmes and the few people he could trust would find her soon, sooner than she had estimated.
No. They wanted to
“Did they tell you if she is alive at least?” Sherlock asked, and John had to look down, at the man’s hands; Sherlock had read right through him – and that, that was too dangerous. The pain had subdued and he looked calm, now – he looked more lucid than he had seen him since that morning.
“I have Moriarty’s name on my chest. He cut me thirty two times. He made me count while he did it. How did I not fail?”
Sherlock had not touched him, his hands were still on his knees, while still sitting on that doctor’s table. He had not allowed himself to touch him.
“Sherlock, listen to me,” Mycroft said calmly.
They were in love. It was as tangible as the anger Sherlock was feeling or Greg's exhaustion.
“So, which is going to be, Sherlock?” Bennett’s voice was filled with amusement. He licked his lips as he watched Sherlock in front of him.
Was he supposed to do or say more? Was he supposed to tell her that he regretted his actions? He did, but it would serve no purpose.
a hypocrite. I can't begrudge William for the same choices I would have made."
“I take you watched the news.” Greg said.
"I don't know." He admitted.
There was a moment of silence between them, it felt heavy and Sherlock knew that there was nothing else Victor could tell him.
He switched on the phone, but it was password protected and he was in no hurry to find out the password, he was sure he would be given it when he went to Mary’s house.
“She is
, and wouldn’t it have been grand if one of the agents that Mycroft had personally chosen for his protection had turned out to be an enemy? It was preposterous, and it had taken him but a look at the man’s eyes to see that it was only a matter of
Sherlock had refused to talk to a therapist. Not that John had expected anything different from him; truth be told he was not a fan of therapy himself, even if he knew that avoiding problems didn’t make them go away – and that was true both for Sherlock and for himself. The fact that Sherlock had been a bastard to the bloke, deducing him to the last detail, including the reason why he dealt with PTSD and sexual abuse mostly (“Playing the good Samaritan won’t save your sister or bring her back,
“I’m sorry...” John said, again...because what could he say? He had been so bloody stupid!
She had slept peacefully that night: without dreams, without images from her past haunting her.
Sherlock didn't wait for his reply, he blinked his eyes and slowly went to the bathroom, closing the door behind him. John closed his eyes, ignoring the uneasiness he felt knowing that Sherlock was in that room. He couldn't help it.
“I don’t need your bloody pity. Piss off!” Sherlock said when he moved again toward him.
Sherlock did not deny his words, they were past the point of that and part of John couldn’t believe that it was really happening, that he had really said the words, and the world hadn’t ended, his heart was still beating, Sherlock was still there, gripping his wrist (and it would be completely
“Do you think Moriarty is still alive?” John asked.
, it was exactly how it had been.
He was tired, sore, raw, though, and he loathed what was to come: other useless hours at the hospital and then the
"I mean, only if you're
“Everything will be fine, sweetheart.” He said. Mary and him had not chosen a name, and – he would only choose one with Sherlock.
It was the same house – where he had done
And of course, of course, Mycroft knew that. Mycroft would use him, his own brother, as bait, he would let John make the only possible choice – to get to the truth, to try and understand who had taken Moriarty’s place.
“Understand this, Sherlock,” The tall man said, “this is a machine.”
Caring would not help Sherlock. It would not save his brother, it would not help defeating the people who had used Sherlock as a distraction.
Part of him wondered whether he was just that for Victor: a lost cause, with the added benefits of regular sexual intercourse. He blinked his eyes choosing not to follow that train of thoughts.
“After Serbia, especially, he would have been hyperaware of everything.” Mycroft said. He did not add anything else, and Lestrade did not expect him to. He suspected he had not even truly meant to mention Serbia.
He had been
He was
They wanted him to forget who he was, to doubt himself, to lose himself. They wanted him broken and destroyed. But why? To honour Jim Moriarty's name? They lacked his finesse, his elegance and genius. To avenge his death? It didn't make sense!
"Do we?" Mycroft asked as he got up, ignoring the man and his words.
John chose not to hear the rest of the conversation, he didn’t even want to know about the pictures Sherlock had asked Mycroft about. He only needed time. He needed time to come to grasps with the idea that Sherlock and he had been spied on for
The worst of it was that Sherlock
Greg took a step, and said, “it’s not his fault, you know that.”
Even Lestrade got out of the room, leaving them alone, for a few seconds.
“Bed,” John said. And he never thought he would utter that word to Sherlock.
"How many still to go?" John asked, and he was surprised by his own words: they came out harsher than he had meant, more judgmental. And he – bloody hell, he sounded like a git!
He was still, his feet on the kerb, surrounded by men as the black car was getting closer and Victor Trevor was driving the vehicle, his hands bound to the steering wheel, a detonator strapped to his chest, fear and pain in his eyes.
for Mycroft Holmes, and if Sherlock was the East Wind, Mycroft Holmes was – a tsunami, a hurricane, something that could not, would not be stopped.
It was as clear as day that John Watson was hiding something. Even if he hadn’t had access to the data from his mobile phone, even if he hadn’t known about the text he had received roughly around the same time the vehicle transporting Mary Morstan to a government facility had been ambushed, it would have taken but a look to know that the blonde man was hiding something.
Joan, bleeding, scarred, naked, surrounded by men who were obeying orders (dead, they were all dead, deleted, plucked out), a game he hated, his coat wrapped around her lean body (it hurt them both to move, but she was cold, and she was bleeding, and she had his name carved all over her skin, and his throat had gagged, for a moment, a fleeting second, that had felt excruciatingly long) and Joan asking about William, closing her eyes, being strong and bleeding in his arms.
He wanted to ask why, he wanted the assurance that Mycroft would make sure Sherlock would get better, that he would survive, but the man was right, they didn’t have much time.
“You do know that I have to do this alone from now on, don’t you?” He said.
The Russian’s man laughter mocked him and the lies he was telling himself.
He knew Sherlock was aware of that, he knew he was testing the man’s patience with his stare and that he would say something – possibly something hurtful, scathing to stop him. But as the seconds tickled, Sherlock didn’t talk, didn’t look at him, he kept staring at that fucking wall and John wanted – needed Sherlock to do something, anything –
So, that was how she wanted to play? Remind John and him that, despite everything, she still had power over them? Remind
He followed Drake outside, he could see the wheels turning in his head – and his own instinct was telling him that something didn’t add up. He was not a genius, he was not Sherlock Holmes, but – things felt
He stared down at the man who had killed young men and women whose only fault had been to hold a slight resemblance to his little brother with a slight smile on his lips.
He kissed Sherlock, biting down on his lower lip and moaned against his mouth when he felt the man’s hand wrap in a tight fist around his prick.
He stared down at the man who had carved Jim Moriarty's name on his brother chest and put his hands on the table in front of him.
Hell, just a couple of weeks before, while in the hospital, he still had acted as nothing at all had happened.
"Miss. Hooper..." Jack had said, half ordering, half pleading her
...until it wasn't.
To say that the plan had
"There
Once the car had stopped Sherlock had let go of his hand, agents Drake, and Harris didn’t get out of the car, there were other men outside four agents and, John suspected, others were hiding.
“Almost every night, but they are not nightmares.” He replied.
Victor was a terrible liar. That was one of the first things he had discovered about his
Mycroft Holmes was very tired. He was also furious. But anger and rest and any other feeling he might feel would have to wait.
Another lie, another excuse, but – it was for a good cause, for once.
Fact. Sherlock had issues. Sherlock still believed that his life was less important in the grand scheme of things than his own.
Mr. Neal had assured her that it would not happen, that as long as she treated what she was doing like a normal gig and not something personal things would be okay.
He did it for the money, he did it because he needed to know that no one would ever get the idea of touching his fiancé again. He did it because he had been used and that had been the biggest, dumbest mistake Mary Morstan and whoever she was working with had ever done.
Nothing,  no one would or could ever hope to stop him.
“I don’t think she’ll try to harm you.” John said, eventually.
He looked – dishelved, worried – but he was okay, he was
He also knew for a fact that William Moore had never met Mary in any of her incarnations. What about Joan Adams, however?
He was beyond every state he had ever seen him since…he stopped his thoughts, the wanderings of his mind right away, but it was too late, Sherlock had seen him, read him. His movements were almost predatory when he got close to him, “I am curious,” Sherlock said, looking at him in the eyes and Mycroft knew he would go there, he would say what they had implicitly decided it was not to be said, ever.
Mycroft only nodded at that word.
The day Mary Morstan died he had finalised contracts which made him very rich and even more powerful. It was a delicate balance to try and still fly below the radar and juggle all that power and with Mary dead, he had had to rely more on Michael.
He should have done that before. He should have let John’s arms loop around his sides (his back hurt, there was the chance he might have pulled a few stitches, they were supposed to come off in a couple of days anyway and he did
The short man would break, he would give whatever information he had, the other – the man who had shot Janine to the stomach would stubbornly hang on his personal reasons, on his trust on the man who ran “the machine”, but he too would break. Everyone did in the end.
“And I’m not suffering from amnesia. I remember
He would try to keep him safe, to protect him, to sacrifice himself for him. Because being loved by Sherlock Holmes meant just that, because Sherlock could not do things halfway.
To be someone who had fucked with their lives for the past few years, Mary looked decidedly detached from what was going on. She was the woman he had married, the woman he had slept with, worked with, lived with – and he had no idea about what she was thinking, what she had in mind.
“Remember when we talked about buying time until the baby was borne?” John asked, talking before Sherlock could.
"Sherlock..." Mycroft started, and Sherlock clenched his jaws. He hated the patronizing way his brother had just said his name because he knew what it meant, it was the tone of voice he used even he thought he was being puerile and unreasonable.
“Did he?” John asked, curiosity in his voice.
“I don’t know, Mr. Moore.” The woman said.
“Some say he’s a genius.” David continued, “Of course some also say that he’s a psychopath.”
“No, it’s not....” Sherlock said sharply. They had lived together, they had shared a bed, they had shagged and made love. Of course, they had had a relationship!
for the time being, he did not want to take any risks.
He wasn't deflecting, he wasn't talking about how fucking scared John was, not directly, he said he wanted their lives back. He still didn't say that he wanted a future. With him.
“What do you want?” He asked.
“Your brother saved my life, Mr. Holmes and he gifted me with a new one.” She said.
Sherlock was still close – he could feel his warmth, his lips were still tingling with the man’s kisses, his hips were snapping up, following the almost punishing rhythm Sherlock had set up. He couldn’t open his eyes – if he did – if he looked at the man who was bringing him to climax, the man he had kissed (
John nodded his head, but he was looking at Greg. He too had looked at Sherlock as he went out of the room.
If John had been in sparkling form he would have, perhaps, noticed that Sherlock’s coat and tie could be seen in the picture, lying in a puddle on the floor, right beside the door. John wouldn’t, couldn’t, however, know – because that picture, that screenshot of a fraction of a second, among millions, taken on a specific evening (John’s wedding, the night he lost him, the night he had never felt more alone in his life, so alone that when Janine had called, eager and driven, he had had to sit still not to go to her and fuck her, because that kind of loneliness, that pain burnt like acid in his veins and made him want to lose himself, had made him want to take and take and take until he could think again, exist again and it wasn’t even supposed to hurt so much, was it? Until it did and Sherlock had needed Janine, sometimes, had really needed her because the silence and the loneliness burned him down to his core and caring was not an advantage and he did not care about her, he did not, she was just convenient.) did not tell the whole story.
Sherlock had talked to a plastic surgeon about the scars
There had not been a plan, not yet. She had not known Mr Neal, that would come later, but she had known that one day, it did not matter how long it took, she would make the man who had killed Alex pay.
“Moriarty.” Sherlock said. “It was a message from Moriarty.”
That could be the last time, he realised. Mycroft would try and avoid the worst case scenario, he had told him he would do his best and he believed him, but he was also aware that given the choice he would always put his brother first.
Greg smiled. Which was stupid since she wasn’t looking at him, she was looking straight ahead of her, and he couldn’t stop staring at her like a perfect idiot. That Molly Hooper was an attractive woman was not a surprise, that she was a good person, with a good heart, was something he had known for a long time, but that night, in that garden, it was like he was looking at her, really looking at her for the first time – and she was breathtaking.
He had called Anderson before leaving Bart’s, he had asked him to examine the video of Mary’s shooting with Molly. He wouldn’t have the time to examine it properly, and he had not been – lucid enough when he had watched it, but there was something  he couldn’t see, something that was clawing and screeching all over his mind palace and he didn’t know what it was about it – and he trusted them to see in absence.
It hadn’t. Things had been bloody, dirty. They often tended to be like that.
She had imagined that moment would bring her either closure or some sort of satisfaction. Mr Neal had once asked her what exactly her plans were once she had Sherlock Holmes and John Watson. She had said something about pain, blood and death. He had not believed her but had not said anything on the matter either.
back where they could not reach him. Facts had proven that he was not safe from the things that lurked in his mind, it didn’t matter how much effort he put into putting things in order in his mind palace, that didn’t mean he could allow his thoughts to get in the way.
The wound was
William relented the hold on his wrist and nodded his head. “That wasn’t on the papers.” He said.
Not even once.
It was inevitable.
Sherlock's skin was soft, but John already knew that. He was also breathtakingly beautiful and after years spent looking at that man (and silently loving him)  he was starting to think he would never get used to how he still could take his breath away.
that John must have spent part of the night watching him sleep. It took him about a blink of an eye to deduce that and he kept a carefully neutral expression on his face, at first, even though he was surprised realising that he didn't mind. At all.
“I know, I know – it’s complicated.” John said.
"I heard William Moore paid you a visit earlier," Mycroft said, changing the subject. He would ask again about Chicago, before the end of their meeting, and Sherlock wasn't glad for that chance of subject because he knew where that conversation would go.
John nodded. Sherlock did the same.
Hesitation, just flickers of it, in the short man’s eyes. He had considered that, he had wondered and waited – the tall man was better at hiding his thoughts, his doubts. The tall man looked unconcerned and he truly wasn’t. He had
“Feeling talkative, yet?” Idiot number two, asked, grinning.
"No." It was all Sherlock said.
Sherlock closed his eyes for a moment. “Please, leave.” He said, a bored note in his voice, “You are being irrational and I’ve already endured my fair share of it for the past –” he looked at the round clock on the wall in front of him and said, “fourteen hours. Go back to Mary.”
“CCTV feeds.” The man replied, turning his mobile phone so that he too could see the video feed.
And she played them, once again.
was something he definitely had not missed about his job: that sense of foreboding, the way the hair on the back of his neck stood up and he could almost taste the danger.
He knew that he had fallen asleep looking at Sherlock – and had woken up with Sherlock, looking at him and the silences between them had been warm, so unlike those Sherlock was engaging in and that were scaring John. He still hadn’t moved, resisting the urge to help Sherlock lie on the bed – he saw the man manoeuvring himself into a comfortable position on his side, while never stopping looking at him.
“Please,” Sherlock scoffed, “don’t start bluffing now. How does it feel Mary? Being so close to what you want and know that you are not going to get it?”
Those silences were different, they were hollow – Sherlock seemed
“Father died six years ago, mummy passed away three months ago,” Victor said.
connecting them. They didn’t look worried, their body language screamed defiance. Neither man was the new boyfriend Janine had hinted about – but that did not matter at the moment. The new boyfriend had clearly served his purpose (it was a long shot, not supported by facts, yet), those men simply did not care about the prospect of spending time in jail. They expected that. They had been
John nodded curtly. He did not want to talk to that man. He didn’t want to talk about what had happened and how it made him feel and all the
of the reasons why he had killed him.
“What do you need?” David asked.
It was not the first time they were in such a situation: there had been the pool, a semtex vest and laser dots on both of them, there had been CIA operatives ready to shoot him to have Sherlock open a safe.
"Amateur..." Sherlock had replied with a smirk.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but he saw that his lips twitched, as if he wanted to smile. As if, despite everything, he was
“Sherlock –“ John said.
“How did it make you feel?” The doctor asked.
"I never thought he was." Greg said.
Jim Moriarty had been obsessed with him – he had been a shadow of what he himself might have been, but there had always been a certain elegance and respect in everything he had done. He would have not condoned what Herman Bennett had done to him, he would and had acted differently.
They had talked about real things, she had told him that she had always wanted to be a doctor, ever since she was a kid – and he had told her that he absolutely didn’t imagine to become a civil servant while growing up.
Mary seemed to notice his hesitation, because she said, “Please, John – don’t make it worse than it is. I accepted a long time ago how things were going to be.”
He could not tell him that he honestly, genuinely didn’t think that he was ready, that he flinched and he looked like he wanted to peel off his own skin sometimes when he touched him, and John
John nodded, “Yes. He’s fine. Just – you know…” he trailed, not trusting his voice.
had taught him that, after all.
How did it happen that she was the one who had something at stake? When did things get out of hand?
“Finally.” Sherlock said.
He put the picture among the others and as John came back from the kitchenette he saw what was on the bottom of the box: it was yet another  box, a small black one, with a digital  padlock on it.
"It hardly matters since I am
joking and that the light tone of his voice carried truth in it, nevertheless he smiled back. He shivered, but stayed outside, for a few more minutes, after Mycroft left, his eyes closed, willing his heart to calm down its frantic beating, only when he felt his emotions under control he went back inside the hospital, to Sherlock.
He smiled.
That was
The first time he had met John Watson he had been surprisingly candid about it: he worried about Sherlock, constantly. John Watson had not known Sherlock that well, he had not known him – he had no idea about the depths Sherlock could fall into. John Watson had been fascinated by his brother’s intellect, by the thrill that came with seeing the battlefield with him. He still hadn’t known about the rest, though. He hadn’t known about the track marks on his brother’s arms. He hadn’t known how he had lost himself in drugs, in mindless, artificial paradises in order to escape –
There were clues to be uncovered and he knew – that the game was nearing its climax. He closed the door, he had left the bedroom for last. It was irrational, he was painfully aware of that, just like he caught the hesitation in his steps as he walked toward the room.
In the short weeks they had been together after Christmas she had shown him her prenatal scans, he had gone with her to doctor appointments – and everything had gone swimmingly, but – that was
John shook his head and, forgetting for a moment about their whereabouts and the reason why they were in the hospital, grabbed Sherlock’s hand; Sherlock stilled, blinking his eyes for a moment and John realized that, perhaps, Sherlock didn’t want to be touched. Not so soon, but Sherlock squeezed weakly back and didn’t let go.
His reassurance relaxes me, dropping my head back down and collecting my thoughts, "You feel so much bigger inside me. It feels amazing when you go hard. It's like...a new connection almost."
Sherlock
I sigh again. He was just rubbing my foot. Why did it feel so good?
John's praise begins to ease my anxiety, leaning to rest my chin on the top of his hair, "Was so...?"
I gasp, tensing then I relax letting out a loud moan, my hips lifting off the mattress again. “Oh god... Sherlock, please...”
John's actions help sooth me, dropping my head back down to present the full, slender shape of my back, tapering to my narrow waist before blooming out into my rounded and full rear. It seems impossible to worry about my body when he's kissing his way up and down me like that, making such noises.
I'm about to tell John he's obviously lying when I drop off to sleep once more, my breathing still raspy but even and deep.
Ignoring John I continue on my rant as I had just hit full steam ahead, "You think Mycroft would hire better workers for 221B. It must be revenge." The door opens and Molly is there, looking stunning in a very low cut plunging dress, hair piled up high, blinking in confusion at the pair of us.
This is intriguing..."Go on, tell me?" I stuff my mouth full again, sucking on his full sack, enjoying the way it rolls in my mouth and the slightly musky taste.
“Ffffuuck.” My head rolls the rest of the way back and I have to close my eyes. My hips move up ever so slightly.
Shuffling out of my coat I leave it like a snake shedding it's skin, nodding and chuckling, "She believed I was handsome."
My grumbles continue all the way through the lobby and up in the lift, along the corridor and through the door of our suite, verbally insulting everything from the receptionist, to the other guests we pass right down to the potted plants around and the beep the door makes when it opens.
I return the kiss, pressing another into his chest. “That’s what being in a relationship is about. You let someone else know you, do it for you. It’s so much better than doing it by yourself.”
Leaving my own I crawl closer to John, shedding my jacket as I go, followed by my shirt, eyes fixed on him as I smirk, "I believe you may have an extra gift for me?"
My head is thrown back slightly, giving John a broad expanse of white neck to lean into, before I tense, gasping, arching myself up and trembling as I give a stuttering of my hips, my climax overwhelming me, "J...J...."
I try to answer but darkness drags me under, slipping into a restful, peaceful sleep, aided by my healing mind.
I close my eyes. To concentrate on the touch of my best friend and lover. To shut out all the unwelcoming and intrusive details of the world around us. To hear only his voice. "In a...good way?"
I go up behind him and put my hand on his shoulder. “We don’t need all those blankets.” I turn him to face me and start taking his coat off of him.
I struggle a little, sliding my arm back into the freed coat as he concentrates on the other arm, ending up just as dressed as I was in the first place, "You'll get cold. Your shoulder will hurt."
I squish on the envelope a bit. “Together?” I say with a grin.
I follow after him and grab him tightly by the collar of his shirt. “Hold still. You need to rest, you’ve had more activity than you’ve had in the last two days.” I start unbuttoning his shirt.
Tossing my shirt onto the floor in a messy heap my bottom lip slides out into full, plump glory, "We won't be able to charge our phones. Chargers are back at the hotel."
“Sorry, sir...”
“Nope.” I pop the ‘p’, imitating a certain someone.
Sherlock
I shrug. “It’ll be a nice change from take out.”
Adding more oil, my thumb begins to work the part of his sole identified as giving a calming feel, "You enjoy my legs. I've seen you watching them. Ever since we met in fact"
I take his hand and let him pull me up and out of the cab. He pulls me to the front door of the flat, striding right through, as he had apparently not remembered to lock it in his haste to get to me this morning. I didn’t have the energy to scold him.
I close the kiss then pull back. “I haven’t been saying it because you hadn’t said it and I thought it was making you feel... feel uncomfortable.... obligated.” I look away again.
The fingers of my free hand slide in between John's in understanding, thrusting with the two of my other hand, adding a small twist now and then to help stimulate him, "Soon we shall be as close as is possible."
“Hey... I’ll show you how small I am.” I say poking him in the ribs, with a grin.
Sherlock
I can feel him moving his fingers around searching for the right spot. He takes me fully into his mouth again and I gasp. “Push harder, I think.” I offer, squirming.
“I... I hadn’t thought about it but it sounds like you have some ideas.”
“We’ll be warm together.” I manage to get his coat off and start on the buttons of his shirt.
I freeze a minute, he must’ve misunderstood... “No, I.... I want you, Sherlock... I want -you- to make love to -me-.” I look up at him carefully. “If.. if you want to..”
Sherlock
My body jolts, yelping in shock, before flopping back, feeling slightly foolish, "Not that hard it seems."
He starts to come between us and I thrust deeper. He squeezes around me in time with his orgasm and that’s all I needed. Watching him come undone while I was inside him was overwhelming. It sets me over the edge and I bury my face in his shoulder as I fill him with my own warmth. My eyes sting with the emotion of it all and I choke out a sobbed moan. “Oh..sh’lock...”
Swallowing, I bury my head in my arms and the pillow, my voice muffled and unable to make out my words, so soft and nervous of reception.
Pushing John fowards a little so I can move I shrug, "I have none."
Sherlock
Sherlock
My look darkens, glancing away now, "He did tell me that but it was part of my armour. He feared that if I grew close to anyone, if I let them in, they'd leave or betray me. That, he thought, would harm me beyond his ability to protect me."
Gesturing a little with the box I take another calming breath before asking in my most serious tone, "Will you consent to be my husband at a time that we agree to acceptable?"
Sherlock
Closing my eyes, my head rolls to one side on the pillows, gasping, "Can...can we just do this...for now?"
Sherlock
I chuckle at his expression. “What is it, love? We can’t stay like this forever you know...”
Sherlock
Sherlock
As John falls onto the bed, laying spread out and confused, I climb on top of him, wriggling down till I'm laying between his legs, smirking up his body as long fingers dig into his hip, "Experiment."
I suck in a breath when his tongue darts out to taste me, and it catches in my throat. He almost immediately starts to wiggle his tongue inside of me and I tense a bit. He was so eager and wanted it so badly. That makes me groan out and I try my best to relax for him.
I smile softly. He was still playing with my fingers so I turn my hand over to lace our fingers together.
Shuffling up onto my elbows I nod, "Could you massage me? As I did you before I caused the explosion."
“Too close...” I pant. “Too good.” I rest my hand on his back.
"Why? Why are they worried?" My words are snapped a little, "Mycroft wasn't worried. He was angry. He wanted to hit me."
The Next Chapter Follows the Final Chapter of Holmes for the Holidays here: https://archiveofourown.org/works/13174521/chapters/30137451
Sherlock
“No, don’t hold it in. I want to hear you. How else will I know if I’m doing it right?” I use the pad of my middle finger to press a little harder into the center.
John's voice is like an order, even without being backed up by his Captain Watson persona. I think myself even less able to disobey than normal, breathing the words into his mouth, "I love you, John Hamish Watson. I love you and I would kill for you. I would sacrifice everything for you if you needed me too. I love you like I have loved not any one person before in my life, and I cannot forsee a time where I would love anyone more than you."
“You’ll survive.” I roll to face him. “Roll over. I want to hold you.”
“Was it? What were the results?” I stammer out a little breathless.
Chuckling at his trailing off I collect him more into my arms, deciding to experiment a little, leaning close and whispering in a sinfully dark chocolate tone directly into his ear, "In a darkened alley when Lestrade's people are just around the corner?"
I leave the food to one side, knowing it will be just as nice cold in the morning as now. The basket too is left on the side waiting. Instead I pull my laptop over and return to my research on massage techniques, allowing John to slumber on despite the snoring and occasional muttered words and giggles from him.
“What about us? Where do you keep those memories?”
I start to squirm as he gets me right in my most ticklish parts, snorting with unexpected laughter, "You're large where it counts but overall you're tiny. A paradox, like so much of you."
“No he doesn’t. We all just wish you would be more careful. I shouldn’t have left you alone.” I start stroking his hair with my free hand.
“Mmm. Mmm. No way.”
Sherlock
I decide it's time to attempt another finger, trying to push it in alongside the first, drawing back with wide eyes to watch the stretch and gasp of John's most intimate area.
“It’ll be fine. He was just worried. Don’t beat yourself up over it.” I lay on my side next to him and run my fingers down the center of his chest.
I try to grow alarmed at his words but his actions take the panic out of my voice as I moan, "Wrong? What can go wrong?"
Shaking my head I can't reply properly, my mouth filled with red fabric as I tug it down, trying to get my prize out of the opening.
He slowly pulls up and I let out a long moan in time with him. “You’re going to fucking kill me. You know that?” I thread my fingers through his hair.
Sherlock
My breath comes out choked and I crush my mouth to his, kissing him deeply. “I love you, Sherlock. So much.” I kiss him again. “I won’t want anyone else. Ever.” It wasn’t as eloquent as what Sherlock had said, but I meant every word.
Thankful we were alone in the room for a moment, I chuckle. “No, you. You’re sick. We’re in hospital. We’ve got to get you in bed so they can take some blood so we can find out what’s wrong.”
I hold the tub for him as he gets sick again. I help him back to the bed slipping the gown on his arms before helping him under the covers. I take the tub to the bathroom to clean it out and when I come back the nurse was coming in to take his blood.
Frowning, I try to recall what I had learn during the night, then attempt to locate the area which the internet informed me should be linked to John's arousal, starting to massage it, "Just relaxed?"
"No..NO!" I may come across a little desperate, feeling my body tremble with the new sensations, "I just thought it was more. Try another?"
Shaking my head I none the less allow myself to be lead along the corridor by my doctor, "But John...England will fall"
Sherlock
"No John, no, it's quite all right." Molly steps back, her smile rather shaky, "Come on in, please. I'm sure it was just a silly mistake Sherlock didn't mention you come too. I made enough for an army anyway." There's the banging of cupboards and clinking of plates from the direction of the kitchen.
His fingers made his way, below my balls and I gasp, tensing. This was new. But then the shock was over as he started working up and down my cock with his mouth. My fingers start working into the fabric of the couch. He swipes his tongue around my head on every up pull, and I can’t help but let out a whine every time.
I shrug and give him a cheeky grin. ”Just one more place to check off the list.”
“Well, I do. Frequently, actually.” I reach out and give his thigh a squeeze, still looking down into my fish and chips.
Sherlock
"Mmmmm, yuP." My free hand is now attempting to pull the covers up, finding it tricky as we’re both laying on them with towels under us...oily and cum covered towels at that.
My rather cold toes slide under the covers to poke John's thigh, "You enjoy cleaning the flat."
Sherlock
A sharp pain shoots through my shoulder and I gasp. It subsides quickly as Sherlock rubs down my arm.
Reaching the door, I attempt to work out a way to open it without removing my hands from the depths of the blanket, "It's 2am John. London cabbies have seen worse."
“Just some massage therapist at Queen Elizabeth Hospital. I was still recovering there when my Doctor recommended massage in addition to my physical therapy.”
“Sherlock....” it comes out as a whisper and I’m overcome with the urge to snog him senseless right there. I squeeze his hand tightly instead.
Closing my eyes I can feel a little darkness tinting my perception, "He was angry. He wanted to hit me. He's never hit me. Even when we were young."
"Tell me? Or I won't sleep. In fact I'll get out of bed and go wandering around London." I soften my words with a kiss to his forehead.
Relaxing back into the seats I glancing at the cabbie, then shrug, "It can wait till we're home."
I do as I’m told and start kicking my shoes off while I wait. I sit patiently on the rug, my knees bent with my arms wrapped around them.
Chuckling, I tug a large envelope from the side of my chair where I had hidden it, "Your name is a far better sound than any love song could be John. I've been using your name to express my affections since we first met."
“Maybe.” I scowl a bit.
Sherlock
Chuckling I look back down to my slides I'm preparing, "You wear your good one when you go out with me."
I shrug again... then thinking a bit. “I’m sorry you had to come bail me out. I know you told me not to start a fight with him.”
Sherlock
"Yes, we make love." I peer down at him in confusion, "We've decided, it's not just sex but making love. Especially when we're face to face."
“What? No… I’m sure they’ll be fine, I’m glad they have each other.” I stretch my neck a bit.
I feel a heat around my cheeks, then chuckle, shaking my head, "Another time? Shall we get out of this bath before we become like prunes?"
“I don’t think I can eat at the same time. Maybe after?” I smile up at him. “What time is it? You should have woken me up when the cart got here.”
I flick the tuffs of his short hair thoughtfully, "He seemed...disturbed in the cell. Angry. Nervous? I almost didn't recognise him."
“I don’t think that’s a bad thing. It’s important for the both of them to have some happiness. Don’t you think?”
I swing my leg over his hip, settling down on his thighs and grinning a little at the way my long, rangy arms will be able to reach every part of his stout body from here. "I can't tell you. It may bias your reaction." shaking some of the oil onto my hands I warm it, before recalling the diagrams from my mind.
My hands fumble with the box again, trying to tug the ring out of it's snug housing, finally tossing the container over my shoulder and holding out the ring, "Mine will be ready tomorrow. I had to order it to match yours custom made. I have large fingers."
His words make me frown as I stand, water cascading off my skin before turning to grab a couple of the warmed, fluffy towels, "I've had trouble visualizing certain things before. Even with the help of pornography and research."
Joining in his giggles with my own, deeper ones, I drop one foot, picking up the other, "How do you feel? Apart from silly."
Yawning widely I open one eye, peering up, "How long till you have to go and meet Bill?"
My heart fills at his words. “That’s so wonderful. I’m glad we had that time together.”
“You’re right, I’m not.” I say waking around the table to stand behind him. I wrap my arms around his shoulders again. I lean down to whisper in his ear. “It was probably the most amazing one you’ve given me yet. But you didn’t get off, and I know you’re waiting for me. So I’ll be ready for you when I get back.” I mouth at the spot behind his ear.
I use my thumb to brush the lipstick off his lips. “Alright. Go wait outside and I’ll tell Molly thank you for dinner.”
Sherlock
I follow behind him and down the steps of the Yard, shaking my head. I shove my hands into the pockets of my coat as I wait for him to get us a cab.
“I’m glad it was me too. I’m so happy we shared that together.” I nuzzle into his chest and press kisses there.
Curling up I feel a slight chill creeping in from the room, tugging the blankets up and over us both to cocoon us away from the rest of the world, "I am...content that my first time was with you John. I'm sure no one else could have provided the physical and emotional stimulation you did."
“Everything alright?”
I can't quite remember how to work my mouth or throat to form words so instead I give a comforting little pat to his back, nodding and flopping back limply into the pillows.
"Boring." I reply, already growing restless, "I'm already bored. Why is it all so boring?"
I slam harder and harder into him until I can feel myself tipping over the edge. “Oh fuckfuckfuckfuck, Sherlock, iloveyoufuck.” My orgasm borders on explosive as I slam into him one last time and hold him to me, my cum pouring into him, white hot.
I groan and push forward into his tightness. My breath comes out choked. “Fuck, Sherlock.” I let out a long groan as I sink all the way into him.
"You're so hot. Inside." My voice is rough, bending and being unable to resist running my tongue around his puffy rim, starting to push the finger in and out slowly without meeting much resistance thanks to my preparation.
“Because it’s three in the morning. Besides that the air is not safe to breathe at home.” I squeeze his middle tighter. “Let’s just enjoy staying in this posh hotel on your brother’s dime.”
Leaning down I try and wrap my arms around him, trying to lift him up onto my lap, "I was going to get the roof replaced and the inside modernised but mummy suggested I talk it over with you first. I have the funds if we need them."
I pull out, just for a second, squirting a generous amount of lube on my fingers one handed before starting to ease two back in, opening him before adding a third.
My kisses trail down the back of his neck. “Mmm. That sounds like wonderful idea.”
Sherlock
My eyes widen slightly, my phone lowering more, "You're too tired for it now John."
I put my hand around his waist to lift him up and off me so I can sit up too.
Glancing over to the side, then back, I murmur, "Wouldn't you like to eat snacks while I massage you..." I drop my voice to what I hope is a seductive tone, "..all over?"
I give him a small smile. “I know. We’ll be back soon enough. It just needs cleaned up and aired out before it’s safe for us to be there.” I grab his hand.
“That’s ok. Maybe when we are back at the hotel.” I search out his mouth to give him a soft kiss.
I chuckle. “I just feel like they’re jumping in so quick. How long did it take us to get here?”
“Yes. It’s just my cum and all the lube... That happens in... vaginal sex also.” I frown at my own clinicalness.
I let out a giggle. “So long...” I giggle some more.
Flopping back down on the bed I shake my head, then regret it, determined not to show John he's correct about my pounding head though, "I've had far worse. You're a doctor. You can observe me."
My head drops to my chest, nodding, then I roll over on my side to face John, keeping hold of his hand, "Will you go and check on him again?"
Lifting a hand I bend my fingers in time, "One. We don't tell Mycroft. Two. We don't tell mummy. In fact, Three. We tell no one."
“That was amazing. I... are you ok?”
Sherlock
I try to hold back a grin. “Well I apologize for the inconvenience.”
We remain that way for a few hours, Sherlock lightly snoozing as I brush through his hair, then his neck, finally settling with drawing lazy circles on his back.
“You’re always sleepy after. Did you forget?” I say, smiling softly.
Immediately I try and grab back hold of his hand, almost panicked, slapping and flailing slightly.
“Wait! Where are you going? It’s also New Year’s Day, do you think any place you’re going will be open?”
My body slides away from his, slipping downwards till I'm gazing up at him with a look of pure mischief, "Open your legs and I'll examine your Christmas sacks of joy?"
“How is your tongue that fucking long?” I say between moans. My hips start wiggling beneath him more.
I chuckle. “No, we’ve done a lot of talking in between those kisses. I’m sure of it.”
I smile at her. Then whisper to Sherlock, “This is weird. You’re not wearing any pants.”
Chuckling, my thumbs begin to probe the various regions my research highlighted that may correlate to John's well being and state of relaxation, "Legs? I know I have long, skinny legs, believe me. It took me many years to get them under control."
“How ever often you want.... I say it when the feeling bubbles up... becomes too much.” I mumble.
Sherlock
The look on his face was indescribable... “What... What does it feel like?”
Sherlock
Freezing I'm caught. This was the part I knew I may have difficulty with. I've never slept in a bed with someone the way I have with John and had no experience sneaking in and out. I take a breath, "Would you believe me if I told you you were dreaming?"
Sherlock
Ducking down, I pull out the fully stocked medical kit that would make any medical professional jealous, lifting it onto the side of the bath and sitting beside it. My touch is gentle as I take his jaw to examine his lip and bruising, "Lestrade done this?"
My hands start stroking up and down John's neck and side, avoiding his gaze, "He caught me outside. We just spoke about his marriage. I gave my blessing, for what it's worth. He thanked me."
Fingers rise to stroke his hair back now from his forehead, leaning back once more to relax, "Tell me some of your fantasies."
"You always lick your lips." I finish cleaning it, inspecting it while considering a steristrip to help close it, "Oral fixation, remember."
Reaching down and under my chest I retrieve the bottle of lube I stashed there, coating my fingers while keeping my tongue swirling deeply.
“Yes, I did. They took his ventilator off. He was awake.” He asked after you and Mrs. H.” I take his half empty container and put it back in the bag with mine. I took a sip of my tea.
My face pales slightly, "He'll be all right?"
Sherlock
“Am I?” I give him a thoughtful look. “Maybe when I’m complaining about you.”
Despite my grumbles I'm do as I'm told, rolling into his arms and resting my head onto his shoulder, "When can we go home?"
Curling up, my teeth chatter, managing to snap out with only a little of my usual venom, "You have a good layer of fat to insulate you."
“I thought you were going to give me a massage?” I sit up on my elbows and peer at him over my half hard cock.
“She was just being nice.” I whisper, “She doesn’t want me here. She wants you.”
We pull up in front of the flat and Sherlock is climbing out of the cab before it even stops. I pay the fare and climb out after him.
My finger traces little patterns on John's chest now, my voice a low, relaxed murmur as the lights dim in our room, automatically turning down without movement to activate them, "So you're saying all your fantasies have been fulfilled? I find that difficult to believe"
“Mmm, alright.” I try and relax as I wait for him to start.
Sherlock
One last aftershock hits me as I watch him lick my cum off his lips. I huff out a sigh. “God, you are so beautiful. C’mere.” I grab his arm to pull him up to me, to kiss him. I groan into his mouth when I can taste myself on him.
“Oh god... yeah they are... so long...” My cock starts to harden a bit more from his voice, it had softened a bit from all the new sensations. I shift my hips again.
Ignoring his hiss I clean his wound firmly, "Those cells are dirty and who knows where Lestrade's fingers may have been before he hit you. It needs to be cleaned."
"No it isn't." My nose scrunches up, my lips puckering in distaste, "I want to be married. Not have a wedding if I can avoid it."
“I know I’ll like it. I just want you to like it. I don’t want to hurt you.”
Frowning slightly I grab my belstaff, "Of course not. That would be unrealistic John. Really, are you being intentionally stubborn today?"
"You do know how I feel about you?" My shoulders sag a little, "I don't need to keep saying it, do I? Like a teenage girl."
I lay back down next to him and turn his head to press our foreheads together. “I’m sorry.”
My eyes shoot up to meet his. “You don’t know how long I’ve waited to hear you say that.” I kiss him deeply.
My lips curve just a little at the kiss, watching him with an expression close to awe, "How about I keep all dangerous or flammable experiments upstairs and we can fireproof the room? Sprinklers, reinforced door, the works?"
I feel immediately relieved. “That was more emotional than I’ve ever felt. I’ve never felt so loved...” I glance up at him and then down at my hand where I was pulling on a loose string on the sheet.
My other eye opens, "As far as I remember there wasn't as much talking as there was throwing ourselves at each others lips."
My hand squeezes his painfully tight, clinging as I drop my head onto his shoulder, curling ourselves together in our passion, managing to whisper, "John...oh my...John...my John..." over and over
“Mmmm.” Is all I can manage.
“Yeah.... but you saw his eye.” I smile crookedly and then wince as my lip splits open again. My tongue reaches out to catch the drop of blood that oozes out.
I hum again, pretty proud of myself. “Then you won’t forget me when I’m gone tonight.”
“Mmm. We can just throw them in the wash tomorrow...” I pull him closer to me, wrapping my arms around him.
"How do you know that?" My firm is still firm, almost curious. "He has Lestrade now. He seems to have devoted his full attention to him."
"Do you still...doubt my feelings?" My hand starts to stroke up and down his back softly, clean of lube now and with a slight layer of my expensive hand cream easing it's path.
“I know. Sometimes I like to hear the words, too.” I give him a wink, to let him know I wasn’t too hung up on it, just teasing.
I open one eye to peer at him. The flannel was nice and warm. “Mmm. That’s nice... usually it’s me doing this part.”
I twist my mouth, thinking. I wasn’t sure how much detail I wanted to go into it with her seeing as how I was still trying to figure it out myself. “I thought I wasn’t either. I’m still trying to wrap my head around it all.”
My shoulders hunch as I drop my head again, arching my back and trying to open myself as fully as possible, relaxing my anus easily now with practice, "Praise me?"
Rearranging my test tubes I head for the fridge, "Is it? What did you say this morning...that you were going.." my lip pulls back in a slightly teasing sneer, "..slap me till it jiggles and I come all over you?"
“No!” My head flies up to meet his eyes. “The complete opposite. I hated seeing you that way last night. You were hurting and in shock. I can’t lose you. It would kill me.”
"Will....you stop if I ask?" My question is almost innocent as I avoid his eyes.
I poke my tongue out, spitting my words, "I do know your meaning but you could have phrased it better John."
“No, they didn’t. They glued some of them. I wouldn’t have let them cut your hair.” I brush my fingers through it gently. With the sutures I’d be a while before I could properly tug on it the way he liked.
My lips purse at that, leaning back to consider his words carefully, "We are all products of those around us, especially while growing up. Mycroft..." here I pause, thinking of my wording in a way I normally don't, "...he protected me. I was a sensitive child, easily damaged from the cruelty of those around me. I was different and a target for bullying, adults and children alike. He gave me armour to survive without going insane."
I nod carefully and close my eyes, taking a few deep breaths before opening my eyes to look into his.
Freezing I resist John's arms, looking around in confusion, "Lestrade? Hudders?"
I giggle at him. “It’s ok. It really is.”
“Always.” I lean forward kiss him again.
Sherlock
I groan and toss the deli wrapped package of sliced Gouda into the bin. I settle for making myself a Turkey and cheddar sandwich and cheese only sandwich for Sherlock. I cut his sandwich into two triangles and put it on a napkin. I carry it into the sitting room and place it on the arm of his chair, sitting opposite him in my own chair. I take a bite of my sandwich. “Since I know you didn’t hear me, I’m going to meet my friend Bill for pints at 6:30.”
I let out a short groan when he tugs on my ear with his teeth. “You could wrap your coat around us so nobody would see. Cover your mouth with your scarf.”
I chuckle at him. I grab his chin and turn his face up towards me, kissing his lips upside down. “I’ll be back after a while.”
Sherlock
Sighing I flop down into the back of the black car, kicking my shoes at the divider opposite us and taking a childish glee in leaving scuff marks on it. As we drive I notice a loose thread on the seat and start to unravel it, "We've lived at Baker street through worse things than a little explosion John."
My legs kick at the blankets, pushing the soiled ones away so I can relax into his arms, my head resting on his shoulder, "That was intense."
Sherlock
“You got me all worked up in the bath. I thought you were going to jerk me off.” I breathe into his ear.
Twisting and pushing and pulling my body to pieces I whine, no longer caring what I sound like, gasping John's name out and wrapping my slender arms around his torso so he can't pull away. I feel the alien sensation of being filled and wince a little then submit to the sparks still sending out aftershocks from my prostate stimulated climax.
“I don’t see how tight clothes are comfortable. It’s ridiculous really. You drive me up the goddamn wall. Always have.” I smile crookedly after him.
My confused stare continues, tapping the phone on the bed, "How can you enjoy something too...." suddenly my lips form into a perfect O and my eyes widen, "Oh!"
My tone is husky, deep, vibrating up through the soles of his massaged feet, "How about now?"
“No I won’t,  love. What is it?” I press a kiss to his lips and then start my own way down his neck.
I take my tea from him, sitting up to take a sip before setting it down the coffee table. “It just took us so long to get here and they’re just moving ahead and jumping into things like it’s nothing. I don’t understand it.” I say quietly laying back down on the sofa.
I feel a slight burn on my cheekbones, answering bluntly and honestly, "It's amazing. I can't describe how arousing it is to see your anus stretching to take me in."
Pulling on my trousers I check my phone, nodding, "Molly says she's looking forwards to dinner with me" with a shall shrug I drop it in my pocket, "I hope she's a good cook."
My eyes widen as he pushes fingers inside himself. I hum and start trailing my fingers down his throat and to his chest.
“What? My fat? Thanks. Maybe I’ll have to start riding my bike to work again.” I shove my bacon out of the way and take a few bites of egg.
Blinking, the scarf falls to the floor again. It seems I've utterly lost the use of my hands as they're deeply wrapped in my blanket. "Jaaaawn"
“That’s not the way to get what you want and I don’t want to do this if you’re still upset from earlier. I want you to want this because... because you want me. Because we are ready for this.” I brush his hair back so I could see him properly.
“Exactly. Special. That and I know you like the other one. It almost guarantees that I get head when we get home.” I grin at him. “In fact, maybe I should put it on so you can think about how I good I smell while I’m gone.”
My arms are waving, fighting the nurses now, kicking and snarling, "Jawn, I won't let them hurt you, Jawn."
It's amazing. Everything I had hoped for and even more. He feels responsive and soft under me, relaxing as I begin to wriggle my tongue into his tongue muscle, arms squeezing his thighs either side of my ears.
Keeping my face near his hand I snarl, "I want to be well again. I want to be back home. I want to be chasing criminals and annoying my brother."
I take care of my business in the bathroom, then go into the bedroom to change. I change my T-shirt to a button down and my favorite jumper. I spray on a bit of cologne. I put on socks and shoes and reenter the kitchen. I look at my watch 6:20....
“You smell like the hospital.” I raise an eyebrow, but the reach out to grab him around the waist. “Let’s go back to sleep.” I bury my face in his chest, trying to forget my dream.
“My own two legs.”
“Um… okay? So… father… I was thinking that tomorrow-”
“Alright then.” John sat down and settled the boy on his lap. Mrs. Hudson put two plates in front of them. John forked a small bit of the steaming food and blew on it before offering it to Sherlock. “It’s really good, love. It has meat, which you most definitely need,” he coaxed when the omega pressed his lips together.
Mike grabbed John’s sleeve. “Let’s go see the omega together, John. Come on, you only have to take one look. One little look.”
Redbeard growled and if Sherlock was a dog, he would have growled too. “No!” he snapped firmly. “I’m seeing those lanterns.”
Sherlock’s heart nearly stops. He knows what they are here for. Every muscle in his body tenses and he moves in front of his pups. No. They can’t take them. They just can’t.
“How could you possibly know about the drinking, love?” John asked, startled.
The omega licked his plush lips and twisted his hands in his lap. “Because you make me feel safe.”
The omega tilted his head like a curious puppy, leaning into Mrs Hudson’s touch, eyes closed with ecstasy.
“No… no matter how bad you were, they shouldn’t have done this to you. This is abuse…” Suddenly, John was transported back to his childhood, when he was just a little boy, and his father was beating him with his belt until his back bled profusely. He remembered how hard he’d cried and how guilty his father made him feel, by telling him he was such a bad boy. The abuse had gone on for years and years until one day, John had snapped and ran away.  John rubbed his forehead with his hand. “No one should ever do that to anyone ever again,” he vowed silently and gently ran his hands over the omega’s tortured flesh. “I won’t let this happen to you again.”
John’s face softened from concern to sadness. “No… Sherlock, please don’t… You have nothing to be sorry for! You were scared and hurting. It’s alright to shout. Don’t keep it all in. Sometimes, it’s better just to let things out.” The cobalt blue eyes looked so pitiful and sad that Sherlock felt even more guilty. “I just want you to know that I care for you, Sherlock, and I only want the best for you. No matter what my biology says, I will follow my conscience. I will never hurt you or take you against your will. And… if someday, you wish to have me, then I will accept and treat you like my equal.”
***********************
“Oh, yes, here you are.” John handed over a few pound notes and the woman handed him the collar in a bag and a receipt. Ignoring the woman’s accusing glare-she was probably wondering why Sherlock isn’t on a leash-John turned to his omega. “Would you like to try it on, love?” he asked gently.
Sherlock drewin a deep breath and offered John a shaky, yet genuine smile. . “It’s…. I mean, I’m finding it’s always alright when you’re here, Jawn.”
Sherlock shrugged his thin shoulders. “It’s fine, Jawn.”
Heed the warning and the tags
Fresh tears flowed down Sherlock’s cheeks. “I-I’m s-sorry, master!” he cried, then immediately realized that he had again spoken without permission. Cringing, he ducked the inevitable blow, but Moran’s fingernails scraped his cheek.
“Shh, love. It’s alright,” John soothed, his hand back on Sherlock’s head. “I know you’re in pain… it’s going to be alright.”
“Shut up,” the alpha snapped and he threw the collar as hard and as far as he could. Sherlock watched it sail through the air, the moonlight glinting off the pretty silver buckle and the sapphire shining like a star against the black of the sky. For some reason, it was almost as if a part of him had gone flying away with his collar. Now that the collar was taken care of, the alpha turned to Sherlock and grinned, eyes glittering with anticipation. “I’m going to fuck you raw,” he warned, then threw back his head and laughed like a maniac.
“Can we put your name on it?” Sherlock asked eagerly.
“N-No one’s ever said…. Said such a nice thing to me before.” The voice was quiet, subdued, heavy with emotion.
First Name: Sherlock
This is the story of a boy named Sherlock.
“No, it’s not. You’re a human being not some… some fuck-toy.” John gripped the cart until his knuckles turned white. He caught a glimpse of Sherlock’s face and saw the boy flinch. “Oh, no, I’m not mad at you, love. I’m mad at… I guess, I’m mad at the world and all the people out there who’ve treated you so badly. I wish…. I wish I could have stopped them.” John reached out and tenderly cupped Sherlock’s face in the palm of his hand. He was pleasantly surprised when the omega leaned into his touch instead of pulling away. “I’m never going to let anyone hurt you again, Sherlock. I’m never going to let people treat you less than what you are-a human being with thoughts, feelings, and emotions. You’re safe now, Sherlock.”
“I-I…. I’m so sorry, Sherlock… that must have been so hard. That was very cruel and to perform the abortion with no medical supplies and medicine was very dangerous. You could have been damaged for life. Were the other abortions performed in a medical office?”
“A… a slut,” Sherlock choked the words out, then dissolved into tears. “Master, please! I hurt.. All over. Please don’t hurt me again! I’ll be good! I promise! Please-”
“Oi, Watson. What are ya doin’ here?” he asked, setting down a glass and crossing his arms over his chest.
“I will,” John whispered, leaning down to press passionate kisses to Sherlock’s neck and cheeks. His cock was straining in its denim prison, aching to be released, and he reached down to unzip his jeans. His massive cock flopped out and bobbed, pre-cum dripping onto Sherlock’s concave stomach. The omega lifted his hips again, rutting against John’s cock and the ex-soldier moaned as intense pleasure rippled through his body. “God… Sherlock… you’re so… so perfect,” he breathed in Sherlock’s ear before pressing his lips to the omega’s beautiful, plump mouth.
“I know, but please don't.” Sherlock cupped John’s face between his slender hands and kissed him. “Jawn…please… I have to tell you something.” The omega’s voice broke and John was startled to see tears streaming down the boy’s cheeks.
Sherlock fell to the ground, whimpering in pain. “I-I’m sorry! Please… please, don’t hurt me, Master!” He was so scared that he was shaking, his teeth clattering together. His crotch felt damp and cool and with horror, he was struck with the realization that he had pissed himself.
“I’m sorry!” the omega cried, cringing as if expecting a blow. “P-Please don’t punish me… I’ll stop talking!”
“Well, it’s easy for you to say,” Ace said, squinting down at the paper and frowning. “You guys look amazing.”
It had the ability to heal the sick, and injured, and gave the gift of youth.
“Um...yeah… I mean… it’s okay. What he doesn’t know won’t kill him right?” Sherlock laughed weakly. “Let’s go.”
“Is he a virgin?” Trevor’s eyes were glazing over.
“Pot pie,” John replied, peering at Sherlock’s reddening finger. It was not blistering, which was good. “It’s really good. Thick, warm crust. Baked chicken. Vegetables like peas and carrots. All simmered in a thick sauce. Here, come sit down, and you can try some.”
They came around a bend in the road and were greeted with the sight of what appeared to be a ramshackle inn. A crooked sign hung on a rotten post: The Yard. Several tired looking nags were tied to a crooked hitching post, eating from a pile of hay. A flea-bitten hound dog lay in the middle of the path, watching the road with tired eyes. From within the inn came a bright, warm, glowing light. “This is it! The Yard.” Ace took Sherlock’s arm and marched him up to the door. “Welcome to the real world, Sherlock.”
Sherlock nervously trailed after Ace, casting glances at the slumped figures sitting at the table. Already, dozens of pairs of eyes were glued on him and his traveling companion.
Trevor raised his eyebrows as he eyed the black leather band around Sherlock’s slender neck.  “I thought you were against slavery, John. Looks like you’ve turned hypocrite and gone against your own word. But who am I to judge? He’s a pretty one, even though he’s as thin as a stick. Have you had a chance to use him yet? Is he any good?” The smaller alpha licked his lips, inhaling Sherlock’s sweet scent.
“So I have made the decision to trust you.”
“Where’s Ace? Where is he?” one of the guardsmen shouted, pushing through the crowd of drunkards. Dimmock! Oi! Where is the criminal? I know he’s here somewhere!" Dimmock remained stoically silent, his dark eyes meeting the guardsman’s bravely. Looking exasperated, the guardsman turned to his companions. “Find him! Turn this place upside down!”
Yes… he’d feared his previous owners.
Mrs. Hudson looked at John inquisitively but Sherlock merely blushed, running his hands down the sides of his new coat. He looked like a child who had just unwrapped his Christmas gift and John longed to whip out his phone and snap a photo of this special moment. “I don’t want to wait until winter to wear it,” Sherlock said, buttoning up the collar. “That’s too long to wait. It’s still cool enough to wear a coat, isn’t it, Jawn?” Sherlock’s anxious eyes met John and he tried not to laugh.
****************************
Ace watched in dumbfounded shock as Sherlock sat down and got everyone to tell him their dreams. There was something endearing and adorable about Sherlock, who sat cross legged on top of a table, pan in one hand and the other doing frantic gestures as he told of his dream to see the lanterns. The criminals and drunkards, usually so vulgar and ready to fight, listened with rapt attention, their eyes glued onto the beautiful boy sitting on the table. Something within John fluttered and he felt his cheeks heating up when Sherlock’s eyes met his. Quickly, he glanced away and focused on fidgeting with the hem of his tunic.
“Alright, okay. Give me a boost and I’ll pull you up,” Ace ordered.
“Oh, god, yes, Jawn,” Sherlock gasped. “Please… I want your cock in me… Jawn… please!”
Both John and Sarah stared at Sherlock.
John’s alpha instincts kicked in immediately. “Get some self-control,” he snapped, protectively squeezing the boy.
And it starts with the moon.
Mrs. Hudson nodded sympathetically. “You’re probably the best thing to ever happen to him, John. Give him lots of love. It’ll take time for him to trust you but from what I can tell, he seems to like you. Never break his trust, John, I’m warning you, or you will never get him back.”
Hope flooded Sherlock at John’s words. John cared about him! John would never hurt him! Oh, this was almost like a dream that was too good to wake up from. How he hoped it wasn’t a dream! “What if I’m bad? Will you punish me?”
Sherlock felt a thrumming in his stomach, like butterflies were caged in there, fluttering around and trying to get out. “Jawn… what’s this feeling in my stomach? Why does my heart feel like it’s about to burst?”
Estimated Age: 16
“T-Thank you Jawn,” the omega whispered, cheeks flushing slightly.
“I like that,” Sherlock said, smiling slightly. His finger remained latched to John’s and John didn’t make a move to let go. The omega wrinkled up his nose, eyes fluttering, and bit his lip, as if deep in thought. “Jawn?”
The omega nodded solemnly. “It… it doesn’t hurt that bad. It hurt worse when they beat me, I guess.” His shoulders hitched when John poured some peroxide on an especially deep cut.
“I might snore. Wait, I will snore.”
“What about your mum? Was she… I mean, did she hurt you too?”
“You’re such a slut, aren’t you?” Moran teased, pressing his greasy lips to Sherlock’s plump lips.
“I-I slept without permission, Jawn,” Sherlock sobbed, burying his head in John’s shirt and inhaling lungfuls of the alpha’s scent. He could sense no anger in John so perhaps he had nothing to be afraid of. John was calm, stroking his hair, and Sherlock slowly relaxed. Suddenly, he felt very stupid when John said:
“They said I was just in time, Sherlock. He was choking you… you were unconscious. The guy was so pissed he was kicking you and hitting you. There was so much blood…” John stopped abruptly and Sherlock saw him swallow hard. “He was going to… going to… God… the motherfucker was going to rape you, Sherlock, and it would have been all my fault! All my own fucking fault! I’m… I’m just a piece of shit, Sherlock. You trusted me and I failed you… I utterly and completely failed you!”
“Have another one,” John said, picking up the omega’s file, which he had forgotten about until now. He opened the file and began to read, glancing occasionally down at the omega in his lap, who was contently munching on another biscuit.
“No, no, this is being mean, Dimmock Come on! Like old times, huh? Let bygones be bygones!” John quickly said, his face flushing.
Thank you so much for more than 3,000 hits!!!!
“Alright, stop it,” Dimmock interrupted. “This is my saloon, I get the reward-”
*******************************
The omega flushed with pleasure at the compliment, then looked up at John, biting his lip. “Jawn….”
The queen awakened to find the cradle empty of her beloved son.
There was no reply and Mrs. Hudson looked rather disappointed, but not ready to give up. “Do you like biscuits, love? I just made a batch this morning. I’ll bring some up for John and you, if you’d like. Chocolate chip!” She continued speaking in a soothing, low tone and slowly, the omega’s grip loosened. Eyes sparkling, Mrs Hudson reached out to touch the omega’s dark curls and he let her. “Oh, see, I’m not that bad, love. Dear lord, you are skinny! Don’t worry! I’ll fix that soon. After several days of eating my sweets, you’ll be filled out nicely!”
Sherlock held up the pan. “I will use this.”
The next thing he knew, a wet tongue was sticking in his ear and he realized that he had been knocked out again. He butted heads with the big red dog beside him. “Would you stop that?”
John felt his cheeks redden. “I haven’t…. No, I haven’t done anything to him… it’s not like that, Trevor,” he stutters, feeling Sherlock stiffen beside him.
Sherlock picked at the hem of the jumper he was wearing. “T-These are fine, Jawn.”
“That’s the thing, Father. I’ve charted stars and they are always constant. But these, they appear every year on my birthday, father. Only on my birthday. And….” He trailed off,  lowering his gaze and swallowing hard. “And I can’t help but feel that they’re… they’re meant for me. I need to see them, Father, and not just from my window. In person. I have to know what they are…” He knew that explaining his deep emotions and feelings to his father would result in nothing but another round of mocking so he quietly hoped that his father would be willing to listen.
My name is Jaci and I'm so excited to share this story with y'all! I've got some positive feedback and I can't be happier! Please leave a comment because that's what makes me smile and kudos would be nice too!
Sherlock lifted a hand and placed a finger against John’s lips. Every move made him whimper in pain. “Don’t Jawn. Don’t. It’s not your f-fault. It was mine. I was rude… I am sorry.”
“I think this would look lovely on you, Sherlock,” John continued. “What do you think?”
“SHERLOCK!” he burst out, his voice sounding so angry and his eyes dark. “H-How dare you!” He strode towards Sherlock, his hand raised.
John leaned over the boy, pinning the slender arms down and pressing his lips to Sherlock’s exposed neck. He curled up his lips and slowly sank his teeth into the soft flesh.
“Do they feel alright?” John asked.
His heart was shattered in a million pieces and he needed John Watson to glue it back together.
Sherlock ran down the street, sobbing quietly, not knowing where he was going or what in the world he was going to do. John was going to get rid of him! John was going to sell him back into a life of miserable slavery. The love… the kind words… all that had been simply a facade! John had finally shown his true colors. Finally, out of breath, with lungs aching, Sherlock stopped in the dark recesses of a smelly alley, lit by a single, flickering street lamp. Sherlock dropped to the ground and curled into a ball, hugging his knees to his chest.
When Mycroft presented as an alpha, the master sold him to a wealthy family who was looking for a mate to bond with their young omega daughter. I remember the master taking him away in the car and I can remember my mum. She was crying. For weeks, we did not hear from Mycroft, then, our master came and told us that Mycroft had run away and was nowhere to be found. Mother wept again because she thought Mycroft was surely dead. To this day, I do not know where he is… Even though he was often insufferable, he was my brother and I long to know that he is at least safe.
“Sherlock.”
There is more to this series!
John took in a shaky breath and let it out slowly. “I let you down, Sherlock. I-”
Sherlock shifted until he was settled on John’s lap, facing John. “Please Jawn… I want you to make me yours.. Please. I trust you and I love you and I want to know that I belong to you for always and forever,” the omega pleaded, eyes bright with anticipation and love.
To celebrate his birth, the King and Queen and their elder son, Prince Mycroft, launched a flying lantern into the sky. For that one moment, everything was perfect. And then, the moment ended.
John smiled tenderly, running his fingers through Sherlock’s silky curls. “Does it make you feel good?”
“Hey, I want you to talk, Sherlock. It seems to make you feel better and sometimes, it’s just nice to be able to share with someone else and let it all out. It makes me sad, hearing your story and what happened to you, but I want to know and I promise, Sherlock, I will never hurt you like those bastards did. You have my sincerest word.” He held out his pinky to Sherlock. “I pinky-promise.”
Sherlock laid motionless on the bed, whimpering weakly in pain. He was naked, his skin smeared with saliva, semen, blood, and tears. Every inch of his body burned terribly, like he was on fire. Moran had fucked him until his anus had torn and the blood had run freely onto the sheets. He supposed he ought to be grateful; his arse felt numb and he couldn’t really feel the pain.
John shrugged. “He had a lot of issues. Drugs. Alcohol. It’s all over now. He’s dead. Drank himself to death.” John tried to sound indifferent but Sherlock detected the sorrow in his tone of voice.
“Silence, bitch.” Moran placed a finger on Sherlock’s lips. “What are you, again?”
Dimmock held up a piece of paper. “Is this you?”
“Of course, love.”
John laughed, scooping the boy up. “I’m glad. But you haven’t heard my snores yet.” Gently, he laid the boy down and pulled the comforter over him, tucking it neatly under the omega’s chin. Sherlock wriggled underneath the warm sheets, his beautiful eyes shining with excitement and, for the first time since John’s seen him, without fear. The sight of his precious omega made John want to lean down and kiss the boy on those plush lips, but he refrained himself, knowing that it was Sherlock who must want that..  “My beautiful omega,” John whispered, running his hand through Sherlock’s dark curls. “Have sweet dreams.”
Sherlock held back a sob and dutifully swallowed when Jim came into his mouth. Jim let go of his hair and kicked him away. “Go clean yourself up, bitch. I have no more use for you, you worthless slut.”
The door of 221b swung open and Sherlock turned his head to see the golden-haired alpha striding through the doorway. “Jawn!” he exclaimed and jumped up, making a beeline for John.
“Well… this is your new home. I haven’t got an extra bedroom but you can sleep right here on the couch if you want too… or I’ve got a sleeping bag we can put in my room, if that’s what you’d like. I’ve got some blankets and pillows hiding around here I can get for you.” John picked up the tv remote, which had fallen to the floor, and set it on the table. The omega watched him silently, wary eyes following his every move.
“A horrible decision, really.”
“Hmm?”
“You could have been blown to a million bits, Sherlock!” Mrs. Hudson wagged a finger in the young omega’s face. “Next time, wear safety glasses. I don’t want your eyes getting burned.”
John bite his lip. “Mike…” he began, then stopped himself. Fine. He’ll go see the omega. Take one little look. “This doesn’t mean I’m going to keep it.”
Instantly, the fighting stopped and a dozen beady eyes turned to Sherlock.
Sherlock wrapped his arms around his alpha and pulled him close. “I love you too.”
“Father.”
John scrutinized Sherlock for a few moments then nodded. “We’ll take them, then. I’m sure it’ll take you a while to get used to them. That’s how it is with new shoes.” After Sherlock took off the shoes, John put them back in the box.
so sorry this is short. I wrote it while on vacation and I was very distracted. Anyway, please enjoy and no negative comments, thank you :)
Oh, you see that old man, over there? You might want to remember him. He’s kind of important. His name is Jim Moriaty and he is the adviser to the king of a great kingdom. Moriaty had earned the king’s trust over the years, and the king started handing more and more of his royal duties over to Moriaty. Everyone in the kingdom feared Moriaty but the king did not see through to the man’s evil heart.
“Excuse me,” said a beta woman dressed in scrubs and wearing a doctor’s badge. “Mr. Watson. We need to take your omega to the x-ray room. It’s just to check for any internal bleeding, broken bones, etcetera. I’m afraid you can’t accompany us but you may wait out in the lobby and someone will call on you when he is finished.”
“Come love, turn around so I can see your back, alright?” John remarked gently.
John glanced down at the omega, who was curled at his feet, naked back covered with faint scars. “No… Not really. I’m sure he will be just fine for my needs. Now, do I need to fill out any paperwork?”
Jim kept the flower hidden underneath a camouflaged basket and whenever he was feeling ill, he would go and sing to the flower and get rejuvenated by the flower’s healing powers. When he heard that the king and all the kingdom was searching for the magical flower, Jim fled to the hills with a shovel. He could not let them get their hands on the very flower that was his life source. He would dig it up if he had to.
“My mother liked the name Sherlock but of course, she wasn’t allowed to name us. She called me ‘Sherlock’ in private… when our owner wasn’t around. Otherwise, I was known as pup 27. I don’t know what Sherlock means…. Does it mean anything, John?” The omega’s voice sounded hopeful.
Hopefully, within two or three chapters, there will be smut :)
The boy lowered the pan and frowned, studying Ace with those intense blue eyes. For a minute, it was just an awkward silence with the two of them staring at each other. Ace was the first to look away. He tried to ignore the heat pooling in his belly. This boy was beautiful, he could not deny it. “Alright then, Ace Watson. I am prepared to offer you a deal,” the boy announced finally, lifting his chin. “Look this way.” Curly (or Sherlock?) yanked on the hair, jerking Ace’s chair around until he was facing a wall. The wall had a beautiful painting of the forested hills and small yellow lights floating up into the dark, starry sky.  “Do you know what these are?”
“Oh? Um…. no… I guess. I just thought you would want your own room because… you know…”
(10!) John couldn’t help the growl that escaped his lips and Sherlock let out a whimper, nearly dropping the biscuit he was holding. Soothingly, John ran his hand through the curls. “I’m not mad at you, love. I just… you had 10 pup terminations? Ten? Why?” He could only imagine the pain and heartbreak the young omega had been, fucked mercilessly,probably since he was old enough to walk, and then, when he was of age to have pups, was impregnated, only to have his pups torn away from him before they had a chance at life. John’s head started to ache ferociously. How could this be the world he lives in? Every part of him screamed out for justice for Sherlock and every one that was in his same situation.
There was suddenly  a knock at the door, rousing the two from their embrace, and John jumped up, nearly upsetting the small omega. Mrs. Hudson walked in, singing cheerfully. She was  carrying several grocery bags and John gratefully realized that she must have gone shopping for him. The older beta woman stopped in her tracks when she caught a glimpse of the tiny omega sitting in the middle of the parlor. However, the lock of shock on her face quickly disappeared, replaced with a kind, grandmotherly expression. “And who is this little one?” she asked, setting the bags down on the floor.
God help me... I have no idea what I'm doing lol
Oh, don’t worry, this is actually a very fun story. And the truth is, it isn’t even mine.
“No, love, it’s your choice. I want you to be comfortable. It’s your bed after all.” John went over to the corner of the sitting room, where he kept an old trunk full of blankets, pillowcases, and whatnot. Pulling out an aquamarine colored blanket, he held it out towards the omega. “This one almost matches your beautiful eyes, love, and it’s soft too.”
“Oh god! No! Listen, the only thing I want to do with your hair is to get out of it. Literally.” Ace tugged at his hair bonds and glared at the beautiful boy.
“Yes?” Sherlock whispered.
Sherlock hiccuped suddenly and looked up at John. “Destiny… my youngest pup, she had your color of hair.” He reached up tentatively and curled his hand around a fistful of John’s golden hair. The omega’s lower lip quivered but the tears seem to have been dried up and finally, the omega let out a sigh. “I’m sorry, Jawn,” he whispered, hands falling to his side.
So there you go. Three chapters in a span of a few days.
Redbeard sat down and wagged his tail happily.
“Love, calm down, alright? I’m not going to hurt you. I’m just… amazed… that you were able to figure that all out. It’s all true, what you said. What about my brother?”
“Give me a call, sometime, Watson,” Trevor called after them, but John ignored him.
“Very well. Follow me.”
"Anyway, when I was just ten, I was sold to my second owner, an old woman by the name of Margaret and she was kind and treated me more like a son than a slave. I slept in bed with her and she showered me with toys and affection. I believe she was lonely and longed for companionship. I liked how she smiled when I joked and danced for her. She was... the only owner I've ever really liked. Slaves are supposed to love all their owners but Miss Margaret was the only one I... I ever truly loved. Oh, I’ve got a picture of her in the bin of stuff from the House.”
John...
“Someone get a muzzle and cuffs on the bitch if he resists,” a gravelly voice says and suddenly, three men are standing above the small family, glaring down at them with eyes full of greed.
“I promise.”
Sherlock looked into the eyes of the man he thought he had trusted and then broke free from John’s grip. Without looking back, he ran out of the flat as fast as his legs could carry him, his heart pounding ferociously against his ribcage.
A light turns on, shrouding the omega’s nest in glaring, white light and breaking the peaceful family scene.  There are some rough voices and rattling around. Sherlock curls protectively around his pups. They latch onto him with their tiny fists, whimpering with fear. Tense, Sherlock sniffs the air, getting a whiff of powerful, aroused alpha scent. He lets out a low growl.
“Whatever you want, mas-Jawn,” the omega replied quickly.
*******************************
John strode over and took a seat next to Sherlock. He turned on the telly. There was  a documentary playing about African wildlife and Sherlock seemed interested so John kept the channel on. He laid his head against the back of the couch and closed his eyes, exhaustion finally sinking in. As he breathed deeply, he was  suddenly aware of a sickeningly sweet smell. It was faint but enough to make John open his eyes. He knew that smell.
“Are you sure, Sherlock?” John asked, raising his eyebrows.
“Jawn?”
“Then, love, it’s probably happiness.”
“Quiet, bitch!” The alpha holding Destiny lashes out a foot and kicks Sherlock in the ribs. There is a definite crunch and the young omega collapses to the ground, crying out in pain, anger, and fear. In her captor’s arms, Destiny wriggles, crying loudly. It is her cries that break through Sherlock’s pain and he looks up, tears filling his eyes
With hunched shoulders, the omega slowly shifted till he was facing the other way and John can’t help the gasp that escapes his lips. The boy’s back was a canvas of scars-some pearly white from age and others quite fresh. There were three, especially big stripes running across the boy’s back, obviously inflicted by someone with expertise. These cuts were bright red, the skin around them tight and swollen. “Oh love,” John breathed, passing his hand over the tortured body. “Who did this to you and why?”
