makes him rocket off the walls."
"Awe, he bumped his nose on your chest," Tony frowned, reaching over to brush Sammy's fine hair to the side, "Lemme see, baby."
Steve eased and continued to drive to their location, taking the hour nice and easy. He tensed up slightly as they showed up in front of the building.
"Y'did a nice paint job, Stevie. I like the spiders," Bucky laughed, putting the boxes gently on the floor, "He's gonna be the talk of the playground with all this stuff. Speaking of stuff, Nat and I got him a few things to hang up."
"You'll have to take me to see it, sometime." Steve interrupted, hearing all he needed to love the idea of this house. "It sounds beautiful, Tony. It really does." He grinned, giving him a quick peck on the lips.
"I felt... bad. Like I failed as a parent for not noticing sooner," he replied quietly, "It... really hurt. And I figured that Peter probably hated me for disciplining him and-- I was conflicted."
"Yeah, as much as he'd probably enjoy 'reading' more." Steve chuckled, closing up the book and scooping up the baby to put back into the stroller. "You'll probably be ready to sleep once we are headed home, huh?"
Steve was bent over Tony as he thrust, kissing and panting softly along his neck.
"I'll stop when you tell me," Steve said, amping up the look with a small pout. "Either that, or I'll just lay on top of you until you do."
"Yeah, let's get the place all cleaned up and ready and I'll have Mama come over," Tony hummed, kissing Steve's chest.
"C'mere," Tony held his arms up, hefting the boy up onto the bed and into his lap, "You okay, sweetie? Feeling okay?" He pressed a hand against Pete's forehead. "You're not warm, that's good."
"Sorry if this is too personal," Tony said hesitantly "but what about your dad?"
"That'd be good." Peter said contently, resting his chin on Tony's chest and looking up at Tony for a moment. "You 'n Papa are still gonna read 'bout Spidahman to me 'fore bed, right?" He asked with doe eyes.
"Wh--oh. Yeah."
Tony nodded, a small blush on his cheeks.
"Mmm, worth it," he breathed, slowly melting, "Feels s'good."
Tony couldn't help but laugh as Steve didn't even glance at the attire he put on, having to put his hands on his knees to keep from falling over.
"What happened?" He asked.
Steve shook his head, taking the baby in his arms.
"Yeah... Sleep." Tony rubbed his nose into Steve's shirt, grunting slightly.
"Homework is dumb," Peter interrupted, rolling his eyes.
Either way, I hope you enjoy the the chapter and patiently wait for the next!
"Oh my god," Tony groaned, laughing slightly, "Maybe. I do have pie in the fridge, and I wanna have cream with that."
"Yeah, Daddy! We're men!" Steve chimed playfully in an echo.
"To prove it even further though, I actually have something for you." Steve explained, reaching under his pillow. "It’s, uh, not as great as the one you gave me, but its sentimental."
"For the subject matter on his 18th birthday.".
"Hey," Tony whispered, carefully sitting down as not to jostle Pete.
Peter nodded, climbing up into his seat and settling in.
Steve smiled warmly once more and cuddled Tony closer.
His words were cut off when warm, slightly dry lips were pressed against his, small arms wrapping around his back and holding him closer. After the initial shock- because okay, Steve was kissing
"Clinton," Tony muttered under his breath, shaking his head, "Ah, Banshee?"
"Tony Stark." Tony replied, sticking out his hand for a shake.
"He did more than paint, you know--
He smiled weakly at the boy, blinking tired eyes up at Steve and Sammy.
Peter squirmed uncomfortably, keeping his mouth tightly closed.
," Peter cried, kicking his legs again, "Tha's not
"Next time you can occupy him, I'll go in and set up some other stuff I built," Tony murmured against Steve's lips, "God, this kid is
"Rest, Tony. You actually lost a lot of blood." Steve said softly, a small sound of guilt in his voice. He patted at Tony's hand gently, trying to help keep him relaxed.
"Okay? He needs to learn to listen to you," Tony said seriously.
He gestured towards Steve's sketch pad.
"Beautiful as always, Miss Potts," Tony called after her, turning in time to see the disappointed look melt off Roger's face.
Sammy babbled at Peter, fine brows furrowed in confusion at why his bubba was upset. He waved a hand at the boy, babbling softly.
"Most people call me Hawk.". He turned and lightly smacked Steve in the shoulder.
"Y'so good t'me," he murmured, dissolving into light laughter, "Honey, my legs are going to give out, you fucked me just a little
"Your Daddy, Papa, and big brother have been very excited to bring you home, little one." He whispered sweetly, the baby wriggling a bit and gurgling back in response.
"M'gonna go check on Pete, okay?" He murmured, wrapping his arms around Steve's waist.
"Thank you."
"Please do not make me come here again, Gene. I am a very busy man, and I do not want to have to get my father involved in your shit of a business," Tony clipped, staring down the gnarled man, "Now, Stevie here's gonna do his job, and after his shift, he's going to come work as my personal assistant. Okay? Okay. Glad we cleared that up."
that he almost got hit crossing the street, all he knew was he had to sprint the block down and around, go through the park and up the Victorian steps, dripping water over the  wood floors. Tony sprinted up the stairs as fast as he could and threw open their bedroom door, not surprised he'd startled Steve; he dragged the blond out of bed by his lapels and ignored his complaints as he pushed his
"I know it doesn't look like too much. Kind of small. But the food and service is great." He explained, giving Tony a soft smile and shrug.
'I'm sorry, I just-- You've done so much for me, Tony and I wanted to show you my appreciation.' He started, shuffling his feet lightly. 'I wanted to make a nice fish meal because its something my people eat during special occasions, but I've never cooked before. I guess it was in there too long. If you don't want to eat it because I messed it up, its fi--'
"Hey you," he whispered, beckoning Steve over, "Everyone behaving themselves?"
"You're so good t'me, Sir," he murmured, pulling his own boxers off before standing up, kissing at Steve's collar, "I'd appreciate a good fucking, Sir. I think it's well needed to counteract my behavior in class."
"No, that's okay." Steve replied nervously. "I'll just go find him. Thanks anyway, Bruce.".
"Steve?" He croaked, before the world came crashing down on him again.
As Tony placed his objects that weren't clothing related into one of his suitcases, he picked up his phone and decided to check it for the first time in a week or so. He went to his messages. 34 new messages.
"Definitely naptime. A little bit after gifts. You need sleep, bubba." Steve explained, carting the boy downstairs with them.
"I love you too, bambi," Tony murmured, "Now, get some sleep, a certain someone's gonna be up early tomorrow, and probably very cranky about it."
"I don't know how sorry you can be, Stevie, given what's pressing into my lap," Tony hummed, jostling his knee to rub against Steve's cock, "You sure you're not lying, boy?"
Tony quietly squeezed Steve's hand, scraping his fork around the last bits of food on his plate. He glanced at Steve's wine glass, feeling a little twinge in his chest.
Steve rolled his eyes softly, moving to kiss Tony's lips sweetly. "I'll go make us some coffee and some bacon and eggs."
"I'll let you know when I find it," Tony grinned, rifling through his drawers, "I was pretty sure--oh, fuck, I know where it is."
He started to hand over his sketch pad, but the brunette stopped him and gestured to the seat next to himself.
"Oh, Steve," he mumbled, cupping his husband's face, "Don't-- I know what you're thinking, and you don't need to think like that. Never like that."
"'Cause you made us go to the guest house early." Clint grumbled, wiping a hand over his face tiredly.
Tony grinned back with a nod. He'd ask when Steve was better. Right now, he would enjoy this just fine. It was more than he could ask for before.
," he whined, kicking the passenger chair.
Steve's eyes drooped, remaining closed as he made a content noise.
"Ten minutes. Ten minutes and we're going again," He panted.
"Why did he draw
"Are we done being lovey dovey? Because I really want to put my cock in your mouth." He grinned, leaning back and tugging Steve up.
"Listen, I know you are excited, but I have to try and figure some things out so we can work with this situation here." He said carefully. "So, how long do you have?"
"Sounds better than bein' bullied all day," he replied quietly.
"Y'so good, Steve, so beautiful," he breathed, scraping his teeth over the heated flesh before taking him in again, gently bobbing his head into a slow rhythm.
He stroked Tony's hand with his fingers as they were laced, humming softly. "And that sounds good. What are you wanting to do?"
"Perfect aim, then," Tony replied, eyes fluttering shut, "I'm going to fall asleep, good God, my bedhound-ness is returning."
Tony moaned quietly and gently thrust up into Steve's mouth, breathy gasps leaving his throat as pleasure tingled his nerves. He squirmed under Steve's experienced tongue, feeling himself tighten in a much shorter time than he anticipated.
With that and a soft smile, Tony leaned down to lay a quick kiss against the merman's lips, pulling away with a smirk and a wink.
"Well, you should know the baby will be in very loving hands." He assured quietly. "We have a little boy right now that we adopted and he is very well off, but we had him after the potty training happened, so we will definitely be taking baby classes. But he will be so loved and cared for completely.”
adorable. I am handsome and debonair. Not adorable." he grumbled, earning a kiss on the cheek.
"Otay." Peter wiggled so he would be put down, grabbing the markers before laying down on his stomach, spreading out the Color Wonder pad.
and son's. I'm the mother, but in a man's body, Tony. It’s just a little different."
"Now that I've seen the subject matter first hand, my opinion has strengthened.".
Tony cried out as he came in Steve's hand, completely covering it and his chest in his come; he leaned back and breathed hard, nuzzling at Steve's neck while he kept pounding into him.
He watched Tony anxiously and hard as he slicked up his fingers. "Please..." the blond spoke quietly, “Please...”
"I really love him, Steve. I don't ever want him to have any Christmases like my childhood ones," Tony murmured.
"I'd say ya did." Steve answered tiredly. "A little
"How old are you?".
"You got off the hook." Tony paused. "Or did you? What lesson did he teach you, hmm?"
"We've got him wrapped around your finger, kid." He joked softly. "But he does really good. He tries hard."
"Tony..." Steve said, sleepily and apologetic. He could see the sadness in Tony's expression take form again, wanting so bad to make the pain go away. "Y'slept a long time..."
"Tell who what, Bruce?".
Tony nearly cringed at the workload he just put on himself, but he stuffed it down, offering Peter a smile instead.
"You get him," Tony muttered, "You're more terrifying."
Tony pulled it just out of Pete's grasp, tsking at him.
Tony sighed quietly, letting Steve go in the room first. He made Steve sit on the bed, while he dragged over Peter's bedtime story chair.
The brunet listened carefully, shortly giving a chuckle.
"You're my soulmate and I'm yours. When you hurt, I hurt. If you died-- Fuck, every day you'd be gone, I'd feel like dying. You're all I ever wanted, my husband, my everything. I can't lose you and you can't lose me."
Grinning, he stepped back to grab another toy; first, he fixed the cockring portion, then slipped the plug portion in.
Satisfied with the answer, Peter nodded, sitting back. "Den why don'tcha feed 'im?" He asked innocently, getting a laugh from the adults.
"I've missed this," he murmured, leaning up to grab the lube off the nightstand.
"Fair. Clean up, too," Tony snickered, climbing out of bed.
"Where are you going?" Clint asked, confused as Steve walked towards the door. Steve opened the door and turned back to Clint before leaving.
He wiggled down into his bed, blinking happily up at Steve.
"Hi lil bwotha," he smiled sleepily, gently petting the baby's fine hair.
Steve grinned at his roommate.
Tony carried a carefree tone with his response.
Tony's face turned into one of slight disgust.
"Hey, settle down, you," Tony turned around in his chair, "Or I'll make you sit out here with me while Papa goes in and sees Sammy."
"That’s what you get for trying to make something from comic books a reality." He sighed, petting Tony's hair. "I'll give you a massage and some aspirin before bed."
"Okay, baby," Tony murmured, leaning down to kiss Steve's forehead. He continued to pet him, heart melting at how Steve thrived under his touch.
, Papa," Peter frowned, letting Steve dab at his nose, "I jus' bumped m'nose on deh floor."
mess up," Peter whimpered, burying his face in Tony's chest, "I can't do
A couple of weeks had passed. Peter no longer felt he would be replaced by the new baby and he was surely excited for Christmas. He had no idea what was in store for him for his big present, and that made it all the better.
"Apparently so." Steve answered back, glancing over at Tony. "And I didn't know. He doesn't really ever ask me to do that stuff for English and Social Studies." He murmured.
Steve scrunched his face at the nose kiss, but nodded nonetheless.
"He was drowning, what was I supposed to do?" Steve insisted, an edge to his voice.
"Mm. It's what you want. Before I take what's mine at the cabin," he purred back.
"Yep. Howard is too, but he and Maria moved to the states when they were first married. It's where my olive-y complexion comes from."
make you a terrible father? Killing yourself or just
. Steve bit his lip a bit harder, trying not to look at Tony like that.
The title screen to the movie started to play, following Paramount's dance of stars over a mountain; Peter started to relax back into Steve's chest, quietly singing along. Steve hummed along with his boy as the movie played, keeping Peter snuggled to him as they watched.
is, do you want to fuck me in these panties? 'Cause if you do, I gotta take the corset off. It's--pretty fucking tight." He paused. "Among other things."
“I have failed to reach Doctor Strange, sir.” JARVIS replied a moment later “His assistant Wong was there to speak with and wishes to inform you that Strange is away dealing with other dimensions extensively, and may not return for upwards of 3 months.”
responsive. He couldn't help the pride that welled up in his chest from the knowing that he was the reason for Steve here with him like this.
"JARVIS? How long have I been working today?". The brunette yelled out into nothingness while he tried to find a stopping point in his work. A voice was similarly heard out of the same nothingness in response.
"Peter? What are you doing, munchkin?" He asked curiously.
"I have one for you, squirt, c'mon."
Tony laughed at the completely stunned look on Peter's face, turning on his side on the couch.
"Sir yes sir," Tony moaned, gently pushing himself back into Steve's crotch. He whined pitifully, bucking into the desk's friction.
tomorrow, holy hell--"
Steve leaned and kissed lovingly at Tony's lips.
"Movie!" Peter cheered, scrambling out of his seat to go tug on Steve's shirt, "C'
He pulled off Steve and smooched his cheek before bending over the table, spreading his legs invitingly.
He picked up his speed, reaching forward to tug Steve's hair back while he fucked into him.
"Fank you, Daddy! Thank you, Papa! I love it!" He said excitedly.
"I think
"Steeevieee," he cooed, letting the thoughts go for now, "Steve. Pssst. Buttercup. Babe. Baby boy."
"As long as we do that at home. Not sure how well that'd work on the back of a motorcycle." He joked, giving him a kiss back.
A small tint of pink started to creep onto Steve’s cheeks, thinking about the closeness of he and Bucky back then and how close he and Tony had been last night. In all honesty, it was similar to Steve and his childhood friends sleeping arrangements growing up, sure, but neither of the other men needed to know that.
"Hm," Tony shrugged, massaging his thumb into Steve's abs, "I don't know, love. I can look into it, if you want. See if its--"
"Mhm. He found a paper of mine I wrote back in the nineties," Tony chuckled, putting an arm around them both, "I still have it in the attic somewhere, with my other research papers. I'll let him have those while he's on computer probation, try to cheer him a little."
He sat up, face completely flushed and cock twitching with need. Steve leaned up, moving closer to Tony and leaning in to trail kisses down his chest. He trailed them all the way down to below Tony's waist and started to kiss along his cock.
"Nope, I'm asleep," Peter grinned, wiggling to be let down.
'Well, I will admit there are some similarities with how you and I met and how Ariel and Eric met, and the whole sea witch thing, but her giving that away for a guy she met 1 time is incredibly foolish of her.' Steve explained passionately. 'I at least got to know you a bit more before I did anything like that. Plus I had more motivation than just a handsome guy. The handsome guy is definitely a plus, but I at least have the want to learn about human things added to it, y'know? Then the whole falling in love in 3 days thing is--'
"Otay," Pete nodded, zooming off.
"Yeah. Its cuz he keeps weird hours usually." Steve grinned back, petting Tony's hair.
"Babies are
"You have your ways." Tony slowly started to thrust, leaning down to capture Steve's lips.
"Don't, shh," Tony giggled, grinding his hips up, "I can actually take care of it, for once."
He positioned himself under Steve, groaning as the blond sank down onto him. Steve gasped as he tried to adjust to Tony, staying still until he was ready. As soon as he began to move his hips slowly, quiet moans began to leave his lips.
don't want to get sick," Tony soothed, running his fingers through Steve's hair, "Unless you
"Darn right we will fix this. I do not tolerate bullying of any kind." Steve said adamantly. "And the teacher will know there has been things going on, buddy." He assured, stroking Peter's cheeks softly.
"I know you are, sweetheart," he murmured, "But I also know you love that boy. I don't ever want to hear that you've been having sex with him on campus again, understand?"
"Yeah... Yeah, I get what you mean." Steve hummed, playing mindlessly with Sammy's fingers.
"The worst Clint would do is hold him by his ankles till the blood went to his face, and even then, Natasha'll save him," Tony grinned, smooching Steve back, "But no talk about the boys. It's us time.
Tony laughed and leaned against Steve, shaking his head.
"If we don't like it, it goes in the box of things to never touch again," he hummed, putting it in the cart.
"I'd believe it. And we will open them in private because I doubt the will be kid appropriate." Steve said, cheeks a bit pink as Tony was basically feeling him in front of everyone.
"You do realize he doesn't
He grinned, slipping a fifty onto the tab before handing it back with a 'keep the change, sweetheart'. Steve watch Sophia go off with a gleeful grin, glancing back over to Tony.
"I absolutely look forward to it.".
"M'done," he announced, pushing his plate away.
"Pete?" He called, sitting up.
"Hush, you, he's fine," Tony chuckled, slipping his hand back out, "But you make a point. We'll open them after pipsqueak's gone to bed."
"Wha? Whassa mattah?" He slurred, blinking his tired eyes.
"Nuh uh!" Peter cried indignantly, "I would neva!"
"I'm alright," he croaked out, voice still heavy from his crying, "Steve, y'smooshin' me, kid--"
"Mm."
"I love your hoodies," he chuckled, grabbing Steve's hand before they went back to the living room.
Tony smirked and kicked his heels off, giving Steve's navel a kiss before tugging his boxers off, nipping and licking at his cock.
He grinned as he thought.
"Seriously? You were a scrawny kid? Then how the hell did this happen?".
Peter nodded and Tony gently bounced the boy on his hip, dancing him around the room while Steve went and got Sammy. Tony smiled at the happy baby, leaning over to kiss his cheek.
-- I don't think'll make it much longer, baby--".
"Good! Gave me a great segue. Say, remember back when you got that call from Sharon in the cabin and the three of us decided we want to adopt? Well, we wanted to know if we could possibly test drive Sam--"
"We'll take it all slow. But I love the idea of it." He said giddily. "It’s a lot to discuss, so we'll have to get all the information before we fully decide it all."
"Ah--D-Damn..." He breathed out, trying to get used to the feeling. It took a minute, getting used to feeling so full before he gave the nod to go, rolling his hips back gently.
"Why'd you come down here to work?" He asked, nuzzling Tony's cheek.
Steve let out a choked-off moan, getting in a few more thrusts before he came, hips involuntarily moving to help ride out his orgasm.  When he came back to a better state of mind, he reached to unbind Tony's hands. Steve pulled Tony close into a hug, laying them down and back on the floor.
"Yes, fuck--"
He quietly got out of the car and rounded over to Sammy's side, hefting the baby carrier out of the car without waking Pete; he smiled down at the gurgling baby, brushing Sam's fine hair aside while taking him up to their room.
Tony looked over Sammy's knee shaking his head at the tiny scrape.
"That I do know, Phil... That I do know."
Steve grinned back at him as he went to start some coffee as Tony searched for pen and paper to use. He sat at the table, giving Tony his coffee when he returned.
"Hmm, not just yet." Steve said thoughtfully. "I mean, we have all day to fit in all we can. We should spend it wisely…"
handle it.
Peter sniffled in Tony's arms, finally nodding softly.
"I get ahead of myself. I'm afraid if I don't plan it now, something could go wrong. I guess I just overanalyze things too much." He hummed, resting his eyes. "I love you, Tony. I love you so damn much. Always remember that, you're perfect..."
That actually wasn't a bad idea. Steve put his phone back in his pocket and looked to Peter.
"All right, I got some cookies and juice to snack on before bed." Steve announced, carrying in a tray with cookies and three juices on top.
purposefully be mean to you," Tony replied, sitting back in his desk chair. He paused. "Unless, of course, that's what you want."
"You get your tummy full, Samwich?"
"Mhm. That's what I thought. You're having naptime today, young man," Tony murmured, reaching up to pet Peter's hair.
"We'll see," Tony laughed, smooching the boy's temple.
Steve nodded, nuzzling Tony's cheek. "Okay. Just hope you'll be able to handle a mini me. I'm quite a handful as it is." He joked fondly.
"For the beginning process, yes." Sharon said with a smile. "Once the papers are all approved and everything, then there will be more as we progress. But for now that’s all we needed to go over business-wise. Unless you have any more questions?"
"M'big," he protested, "I can do big boy t’ings."
"Kissing me more ain't gonna make me believe it anytime soon," Tony murmured, bumping their noses together, "You know that, right?"
"Are all Papa's weird like that?" Peter asked once Steve was out of earshot.
Tony felt like a kicked puppy. Of
"What are you
Steve laughed softly at that, kissing gently at Tony's neck. "Both these statements may be true, but I know you love it," he purred.
"Tony, you can trust that there is no way on God's green Earth that I would ever intentionally try to hurt you in any way. I care about you too damn much...".
Steve set the cut cookie onto the baking sheets as Peter cut them, helping the boy when he needed it. "Once you get older and bigger, you'll be able to reach a lot better."
"Steve, good ol' Stevie," he murmured, sinking back as his (hopefully, morphine) drip kicked in.
"You want a day with us all to yourself, huh?" Tony hummed, gently scooping Peter up, "That can be arranged. Maybe your Aunt Pep will come and watch Sammy, and we'll go to the science museum. Sound good?"
He bit down lightly on the blond's collarbone to stifle his moans.
"You are ridiculous." The blond whispered with a chuckle, snuggling around Tony. "But you are also comfy, so I guess that makes up for it." He smirked.
The blond stepped out of the room slowing, heading to the workshop. Once he got there and saw Tony, he decided he
"Oh, he is," Tony laughed, "Doesn't mean we can't doodle while we wait."
Peter squeaked out a giggle at Steve's reaction, letting out an over-exaggerated "Ewwwww!" at his Papa's comment.
He took Steve's hand and led him upstairs to their bathroom, taking a quick breath before grabbing his razor from its spot, giving it to Steve.
"Hi," he mumbled.
He grinned cheekily, stealing another kiss.
"I love you and you are the bestest Daddy. I wanted ta tell ya." The boy explained quickly, hugging onto Tony's side tightly.  "Papa and I are makin' breakfast too. So you gotta come eat with us when it’s done, 'kay?".
"It's perfect." He whispered to him sweetly. "Once we're ready, it'll be perfect. Now let’s go see the rest. Although, I'm pretty sure that I already love this place--".
"Yeah. Yeah, we'll go see it. It's an old Victorian-y house. Gorgeous," he mumbled, kissing Steve back, "I mean--" Tony bit his lip, shyly tucking his head under the blankets, "--It's big enough for a family. If you ever want one."
why you lit those candles," Tony complained, eagerly staring at the cake.
"Yeah. There's a ton of room to expand, which I need," Tony mumbled, leaning into Steve's touch, "Got all your art set up?"
"I love you," Tony mumbled, drawing shapes on Steve's chest, "So much, bambi."
"With the exception of holidays, which we'll alternate." Steve joked, making the mixture for the toast. "I'm hoping eventually I will be used to it and I won't end up walking this way each time."
The boy shook his head and gingerly patted Tony's arm.
"Noooo!" Peter shrieked, kicking out, "Pa
"My god," Tony snorted, laughing as he turned to kiss Steve, "Fine, fine. I won't leave my Watson all aroused for naught."
"Whateva y'say, Papa," he murmured.
interesting," Tony teased, smooching Peter's nose.
"Clean your face, baby bear," He hummed, "You got cheese everywhere."
Peter giggled shyly, trotting behind Steve.
to see you like that."
"You think you can handle a bath, Pete?" Tony asked softly, smiling at the boy's mumble, "Or do you need me to help you?"
"Shush," Tony shot back.
It took some convincing, but Steve was able to assure the other he would be okay by himself for a few hours. Not that there was much trouble the merman could get up to, anyways. JARVIS kept a great eye on the mansion and kept everything on lock with passwords and selective access, so even if Steve wanted to try anything, it wouldn't be very possible.
"Mmm."
Tony grinned, easily swooping Peter and his penguin up into his arms.
The sobbing stopped, followed by a sniffle and the gentle creak of the door. The boy came into the room in his favorite teddy bear onesie, clutching a dolly to his chest.
He wanted to make sure Howard knew with absolute certainty that he was upset, but refused to show him to what extent. Because as much as he hated to say, Howard was right. With him being basically banished from the campus next semester, he wouldn't get to see Steve anymore. It burned Tony up inside just thinking about it.
"Y'not-- y'not gonna give me back if you have a baby, right?" He asked quietly.
"You can do it, Steve, Buck can help you, and you'll have the company for finances," he rasped, "Pepper can help you find someone--"
"Dadddyyyy," Peter whined, giving Tony his puppy eyes, "I don'
"Sounds good." Steve hummed, kissing Tony's lips. "And it’s good to know I smell like something tasty, at least." He chuckled before leaning up to stretch. "There was a great blank wall in the studio, but we can find another space if you'd like it elsewhere in the house."
"I'll keep him away from shellfish and you away from cats. Gotta protect my fellas." He chuckled at a whisper. "Make sure they are okay."
"Oh, honey..." Tony drew Peter into his arms, smooching the top of his head.
He used his leverage to thrust up into Steve, relishing in the sounds of moans, skin on skin and the squeak of the mattress.
TW: light mentions of domestic abuse
He raised an eyebrow at Steve, taking another draw of his pipe before blowing the smoke at his partner.
He then turned to Tony. "And the tights and such will make sense when we backtrack and learn his origins."
"Shut up." Steve said with a laugh, playfully smacking Tony's arm. "That actually sounds extremely terrifying. And by motorcycle engine, I hope you don't mean
"It's my job to help, Mr. Stark-Rogers," Blake chuckled, shaking both their hands, "A nurse will be around to take his vitals again before he leaves, then you'll be free to go. Have a good rest, Peter."
"Fuck," he whispered.
right--"
"I guess." Tony was fiddling with his razor in the tub, more of playing with it than actually doing anything with it; he refused to make eye contact with Steve, opting to stare at the silver in his hands.
"You think?" Steve whispered back gently. "You've said that you did before. I hoped that was still true." The blond hummed. "Well, I think I love you too."
When Tony woke up, he woke up alone, back in the mansion-- Shaking his head, Tony stared at the walls he hadn't seen in twelve years, and knew,
"Everythin', love," Tony whined, "Please--"
, and I
Tony sighed when Steve picked up the phone anyway, turning over in bed.
"Well, if
sleep, if you wanna sleep."
"Close..." Steve warned softly in a moan, head resting against Tony's chest and nuzzling into it. "'m close already, Tony..."
"Okay." Steve said with a grin. "We need to call them back. Will you do that while I give him a change?" He asked, giving Tony a smooch back. "Because I think he needs one."
"You almost had it Samms, you got it," Peter encouraged, helping Sammy to his feet again, "Y'just gotta put ya'self on ya'feets."
Tony looked back at the blonde, apologetically.
"Well, I'm not gonna deny it," he mumbled, embarrassment flushing into his cheeks, "I.... I'm having trouble."
"Didn't know I wasn't allowed." Steve breathed, eyeing Tony carefully before moving to pull the man into a deep, wet kiss.
Steve opened his eyes softly, looking to Tony with eyes still wet with sleep.
"Love you, baby," he murmured, smooching his forehead.
Peter nodded softly, keeping in his book.
"Shut your face, Mister Stark-Rogers," Tony grumbled, easily swallowing the pills and glass of water, "When I can walk again, I'm going to make
He sighed and let Sammy chew on him, frowning at the baby's glee.
"Mmm? Yeah, yeah," Tony replied, half-asleep.
He couldn't reply, but Tony hummed high in his throat in agreement, feeling his panties tighten at the noises Steve was making. He pulled back to take a breath, licking the slit before reaching up to cup his balls, slipping a finger over his entrance.
"I--I guess so." Peter said softly with a sniffle, hugging closely onto Tony.
"What do you want me to do to ya, baby?" Steve purred, nipping gently. "Tell me what you want."
"A lot can happen in two seconds. I just worry because he's so little and new to the world and fragile and--" Steve stopped when Tony gave him a look as they set the bassinet back up. "I know. I'm a worry wart. But I can't help it when it comes to family. "
Peter picked Sammy up and set him on the other end of the blanket, letting him stand on his own again before grabbing his hands.
"I like hearing you moan," Tony purred, nipping at Steve's jaw, "S'okay if I ride you, baby?"
"--I like the pain," he muttered.
"What Dad means," Steve explained, "is that no matter how big or old you get, you will always be our little Pete." He chuckled, booping Peter's nose with his.
"'Kay... What we talkin' 'bout?" He murmured back.
Peter, automatically intrigued by the new toy, scrambled out of Tony's lap to climb up into Bucky's, gingerly picking up the teddy.
"Thank you, Peter," he sighed, letting his eyes close.
over and over again, until the pressure in his stomach twisted.
Sammy babbled at Peter and crawled over to him, grasping at his ankles to pull himself up, wobbly as he clung to Peter's shirt once he stood.
"Y'gonna eat dat?" He asked.
Tony kissed Steve's cheek before settling down beside him, curling into his warmth before falling asleep.
," he growled.
He nuzzled into Tony's neck softly, giving a soft whine. "Please...?"
"I'll be eighteen in May."
"And he may not be the best of talking about his own things emotionally, but he is willing to listen and great to vent to when needed." Clint said in addition to Bucky's statement.
"Nightmares," he mumbled, voice scratchy.
"Papa said dat Sammy really loves me very much. And I said ta him 'Unlike others'..." He murmured quietly.
"Very good. You're a fast learner, Stevie. And this was
"You may be a big boy, but you are still littler than Daddy, so you are my little fella." Steve pointed out softly. "And Daddy's right. Almost bedtime, bubba."
"Hey Bruce." Tony shot his roommate an none-too-focused greeting.
"Go bathe him, comfort me later," Tony gave Steve a smooch, hand lingering on his cheek, "He needs it."
"Over sixty," he replied in a barely audible voice, "At least twice for the past two months--"
"So... How did this all happen?" Steve asked quietly, looking at the rain-soaked group.
"I've
"Of course. We made sure things were baby safe for the squirt." Clint answered, raising a brow at Tony. "I would've thought Steve would have been the hen over that stuff."
"I'm sorry, Petey," he mumbled, "I wasn't trying to purposefully upset you."
Steve gave a soft nod, thoughtful and a bit sorrowful. He didn't know what these dreams had meant, but he knew they were important. Near the end though, as much as he didn't want to think about it, Steve
He patted the desk in thought as he walked by it, pulling out jeans and a button down shirt.
"The incense, I'm allergic to fucking
"Ah--You're a twerp sometimes, you know that?" Steve breathed sharply, leaning his back against the shower wall to keep himself up.
"It's all good," Tony announced, returning to the foyer, "They learned
He sighed, wrapping his arms around Steve.
"I didn't do nothin'," Peter shrugged, smirking, "M' just
"Well, I hope that helps with whatever is bothering you. My door is always open... If you ever wanna talk....".
It wasn't long before Miss Potts returned and ushered them in the back where they were met with another red haired woman by where the bodies were kept.
"You wanna talk to him, or me?" He asked, "Because me talking to him about his language might be seen as hypocritical. And kinda stupid."
Comments are appreciated!
"Hey fluffy, all rested?" Tony hummed, smooching his bear's temple.
Resting his head against the swing, Tony smiled fondly at Peter, happiness and thankfulness swelling in his chest as he watched his little boy laugh and smile in the sun's rays. Eventually, Peter tired himself out and Tony had to carry him back to the picnic blanket, not surprised to see Steve with Sammy perched on his lap, reading a book.
"I'm still in shock," he breathed, "That my soulmate is so fucking
"He saw Steve. I want him to go away." He said sternly.
"You know what’s up with that? Takes quite a bit to make Bucky nervous."
He looked up at Steve with a watery smile, happy tears brimming in his eyes. Steve stared back surprised but happy, looking down at the baby.
"I--Can we move away from it?" He asked quietly, looking down towards the other. "I'm...not comfortable doing this in front of it..."
"It’s something you shouldn't know about until you are a teenager, Petey." Steve explained, petting the boy’s hair. "It’s a big people question."
"Actually, I think you're right. That was a bad move on my part." Tony replied, furrowing his eyebrows slightly.
They all did their respective jobs, Steve helping Peter as he tried to get his toys all arranged neatly and the way he wanted. Continuing their system, they were done in no time.
"Is that any way to talk to your husband?" Steve said in mock offense. "And here I was going to be nice and touch ya a little bit more." Steve stated as he stroked once slowly along Tony's cock as he continued.
"And this merman's name is Steve."
Ms. Potts gave a small smile in acknowledgement, then looking over Steve's shoulder at Tony with narrow eyes.
He pulled Tony in a tight hug, not too tight to hurt his burn.
"I can clear myself. I'm Tony Stark," he teased, flitting back over to Steve and smooching his cheek, "Not drowsy. Pretty good. Hopefully my passed out self wasn't too much of a burden."
"DUM-E, you will put down that fire extinguisher before you say hello. We don't want to scare our friend here."
"I was thinking the same. We'll save water showering together, I'm sure." He grinned contently. "What do you think?"
"Mhmm," Tony hummed, leaping over the couch the grab the landline, "Hello?"
"Okay, don't burn yourself," Tony hummed back, settling back into his chair with the boy.
"You might like a dog. Steve wants one, but my allergies are kinda prohibiting that," Tony laughed, moving to grease up Bucky's inner elbow, "I'm thinking to surprise him one of these days with a hypo-allergenic one. Or a hairless one. God, he might cry over a hairless dog. Bad idea."
"I know, I’m not giving him any crunchy bits," Tony replied, "Just the soft bread part."
"I suppose." Steve hummed as he stood and pushed in his seat. "As long as you don't want any help cleaning up the kitchen from dinner first?"
Tony groaned and put his head on the desk, whining pathetically.
"He was completely active not even five minutes ago. What happened?". Bruce paused the song and spoke quietly.
Tony took the paddle and led Steve back to the bed, sitting him down.
"Peter, you helping Sammy is so sweet. Why are you upset that I saw that, baby?" Steve asked, feeling bad hearing upset in the boy's voice.
Tony looked at Steve with acceptance.
"He's just gonna fix you up a little." He explained. "Style your hair, help find some clothes that'll look good on you. And don't worry about the cost. I can easily cover it all." Tony finished with a wink as Raavi came back in the room, leading Steve quickly to follow him.
The jet boots flickered to life, giving off enough power to shoot Tony up to the ceiling, effectively smacking his back into the concrete before shorting out, causing him to fall.
Tony opened an eye, looking down at his little bear.
good in glasses, so I won't be complaining."
Tony's voice was slightly hoarse from the breathing apparatus he had slipped down his throat prior, coughing slightly as he retrieved it.
"Most people who do aren't under eighteen years old! Most people aren't even STARTING college at that point. Only geniuses and whiz kids do.".
"We went and saw her this morning before coming home. Paperwork's all signed, and we'll be hearing from the lab at the hospital soon," he announced.
They adopted Peter, an adorable little boy who had wound up in a difficult family situation. When they had gone to an adoption agency,
He got up with a hop and a skip, cupping Steve's cheeks to pull him in for a needy kiss.
Tony snorted, shaking his head.
"But those who do not learn from the past are doomed to repeat it." Steve clarified. "So basic history knowledge is key to know. And what if he needs to know the advancements made by certain scientists that led to advancements today? History is important as well."
Tony sighed happily, leaning back against Steve and letting himself sink into his husband's warmth. "I'm the luckiest man in the world," He murmured, reaching up to rub his eyes, "So fu--frickin' lucky."
The third time Tony woke up, he could feel the tear stains on his face, but the warmth smooshed on his face made him laugh softly, kissing at the welcome warmth.
Tony buried himself in Steve's heat before coming, arching off the bed with a breathy gasp. Steve panted, gasping in euphoria as he felt Tony coating inside. He tried not to let himself collapse on top of Tony as his limbs felt loose.
The knock startled him awake, but Tony got his bearings, yawning and pulling on boxers before trudging to the door, throwing it open.
They both started laughing at Tony's absurdity.
Tony grabbed Steve by his bicep, pushing him towards the bed with a surprising amount of strength.
"Okay. I'll be back." Steve assured, kissing Tony back gently before heading to the kitchen. He made up the coffee and some oatmeal for them to eat real quick before coming back into the living room.
They took the convertible, Tony had decided, pleased to see the joy on Steve's face from the speed and wind in his hair. That smile was simply infectious, and Tony was so glad he could help make a reason for it.
Peter then glanced over at Bruce, giving him puppy dog eyes.
He got a warm, wet wash cloth from Steve's en suite and walked back towards the bed, making quick and careful work to wipe down Steve and then himself. Tony helped the blond out of his shirt and back into his sweatpants, then working on pulling his own clothes back on to leave.
"Hey there Sammy," He whispered, letting the baby curl his hand around one of his fingers, "Welcome to the world, little fella."
"Right, right," Tony took a breath, pulling back to rest his head in Steve's chest, "No more seafood. I'm not taking chances."
"S'okay. Not much of a bother." He panted, kissing Tony back as he pulled out, falling to the side with a content hum. "We should probably clean up, y'think?"
Tony nodded again, smooching Steve's chest before carefully stepping out of the shower, handing Steve a towel and wrapping one around his own waist.
He buried his face in Steve's neck, inhaling the calming scent of cinnamon and allspice.
"Don't be sorry, baby. You have nothing to be sorry for, okay?" Steve soothed, bringing up Tony's food and medicine again to take when his stomach settled. "Lay down and relax. I'll get a trashcan to put by you and I lay with you."
Sammy babbled softly as he reached up for Steve, whining when he wasn't picked up right away.
Peter burst into tears, putting his hands over his eyes.
Tony merely hummed low in his throat, keeping his hands on Steve's hips to prevent him from bucking up into his mouth. He pulled off with a wet 'pop', flicking his tongue into the slit.
"You okay, bubba?" He asked, cradling the child to his chest.
"Yes, please." Steve whispered back. "I'll make us all up bowls of cereal."
A loud smack resounded in the audio, followed by a choked sob from the filmer.
"No wonder you chose this bed. It’s more comfortable than mine." He observed, picking lightly at the blankets.
"...Yeah?"
"Mm-hm..." Steve hummed, shutting his eyes and settling back into the bed in the blankets. "'Night... Love ya..."
"Yes, dear." Peter parroted, adding in a bow before running off when he heard the doorbell.
Steve got up and rushed over to the male, a little too quickly maybe due to excitement. He stop in front of the younger brunette, receiving an odd look from the latter.
"I'm working on things. Inventing. Basically what I always do down here. What's with the getup?".
He eyed the bib, seeing fewer spots on it than usual.
"Papaaaa," he whined softly, "Up?"
"Yeah, Samms! Good job!" Peter exclaimed.
"Is he normally like that?" he asked curiously.
Nine months sounded like a long time, but honestly they flew by like it was nothing. Now, on a nice afternoon in October, just a few days after Peter's 7th birthday, their phone was ringing to tell them the wait was over.
"Right, right." Steve said happily, humming as he thought. "Maybe we could make it our silhouettes exchanging letters with our tattoos printed on the letters?"
"I'd never try to kill you. You're too precious." Steve laughed, patting Tony's back to try to help. "And all right. I can be patient," he hummed sweetly.
"No wonder it hurt like it did..." Steve murmured, bandaging them all back up.
"No, no. You are little Pete, and you will always be little Pete," Tony laughed, taking his seat at the island again.
Steve tensed up at the intrusion at first, unused to the feeling and wincing softly. The rubbing on his hip and Tony's voice was comforting, though. So he was thankful for that. It took a moment for him to relax and get used to the feeling, but when Steve did, he nodded to let Tony know he was okay.
Peter grinned up at Tony, hugging him tightly.
Tony's shoulders slumped and he sighed, giving Peter a disappointed look.
Tony shook slightly, but managed to get an arm around Steve, letting him fall to his side onto the bed. Carefully, he pulled out, still panting heavily.
"'Kay, Daddy." He hummed softly, finishing his sniffles.
"He was belittling himself and hitting a low." Bucky pointed out. "He was saying that he was no good, a terrible husband, and would make a terrible father, so I felt he needed to be lead in the right direction."
"Mhm," Tony murmured, humming at the pleasant ache in his veins, "Feels good though, very
"Thank you, love." He purred happily, stroking small circles onto Tony's back.
Steve turned with a surprise, a saucy spoon in his hands as he looked down at the boy.
"Your Daddy has a point." Pepper chuckled, ruffling Peter's hair playfully. "Besides, I call you sweetie too, Petey Pie. But Tony, relax and be patient. You're almost worse than a kid when it comes to presents on Christmas." She explained, pouring Tony a mug of the coffee made.
"Awe, thank you, munchkin," Tony laughed, crouching down to ruffle Peter's hair, "Does he have a name?"
The two sat on the bench together, speaking a bit and getting out all unsaid things before just sitting in companionable silence. Steve could feel his friend's sadness and grief starting to well up inside the other, although it couldn't be seen in Bucky's expression. They had spoke of this, knew this is how it should play out. Bucky had been beside him from the beginning, and Steve knew he wanted his friend in that same spot beside him at the end as well. The blond reached a hand over onto the brunet's, weakly patting the hand in unspoken comfort.
Steve flushed in response, ducking his face away embarrassedly.
"Oh, um, all right." Steve whispered back, kissing Tony's cheek. I'll meet you when everything is settled." He answered, carefully cradling Sammy as he headed up the stairs.
did I marry you," Tony teased softly, placing light kisses over Steve's neck, "Hmmm, mighta been for the fun we had
"You know you have no need to touch yourself when you have me. I will do that, understood?"
Steve nodded silently, moving in to scoop up both of his boys in his arms as they settled.
"Anyway. Peter gave us his blessing and whatnot, so Steve and I have been looking for surrogates. We think we found the one, but she hasn't gotten back to us yet."
"Since you asked nicely."
"Listen, Tony..." He began. "You should... You should stay away."
"Fine," he muttered, sniffling, "That was our twenty-seventh time."
"I know, that’s why I know how to do all this with you--
"Nope," Tony replied, swallowing his laughter, "Wide awake, bambi. Just for you,"
"Ow," Tony muttered, trying to push himself up, "A little less power there, Jay."
Tony sat up and bit his lip in faux nervousness, straddling Steve and putting his hands on his chest.
"I really don't know what to do, Stevie," Tony whispered, leaning up on an elbow so he could pet his husband, "I don't want to see him so upset, but he
Steve chuckled, raising an eyebrow. "And you said nothing girly." He grinned, taking both boxes. "Do you want to get the Transformers ones for an actual present and the Disney ones as a funny present?"
"Hey, munchkin. You had us scared there. You feeling a little better now?" Steve asked Peter softly, smoothing the boy's bangs.
Steve was still for a moment more before he pulled Peter into a hug.
Grinning himself, Tony blew one last raspberry before sitting back on his haunches, laughing when Peter scrambled away from him.
???" Peter gasped.
"I'd love to help, Petey, but I'm
"You'll be fine, in and out, shug," Tony smiled, poking Peter's nose, "Okay?"
Tony's smirk got more smug.
"Please take care of me, Sir," Tony murmured, nuzzling into Steve's hand, "I need you, love."
"Speaking of, Pete's asleep in our bed."
Then Tony's face blanked for a second.
Tony grinned and blew kisses at Sammy, cooing when the baby blew kisses back.
"Sounds like a good plan, little man." He hummed. "Let’s wait for Daddy to wake up first, huh?"
Tony nodded, a tiny smirk flicking onto his lips.
t'make Daddy upshet..."
"Tony..." Steve tried for a warning tone, but ended up sputtering. "What're you doing?"
"It's not that hard, and you can fix it up later," Tony grumbled, letting Steve arrange himself before starting the outline, "You know what we should do? Put glow-in-the-dark paint over the tattoos and the heart. It would be really pretty in here."
"WHAT?!"
"Well, it felt amazing, so thank you for that." He murmured, eyes closing again for the moment. "Just
"Is it kid friendly? Judging by the look on your face, it’s not kid friendly," Tony drawled, eventually stepping out of his clothes again to join Steve in the shower.
"It’s a shame. I liked shrimp. But I'm more than willing to give it up to keep this from happening again if it can be helped." Steve whispered back, snuggling the boy close. "We'll have to let the other's know too so they don't accidentally feed it to him when he's over there."
"All right, before anything you end up eating starts to taste like liquor, I say we get out the cake." Steve said with a grin, moving towards one of the cabinets and reaching to pull out a large cake in a cake pan from the very top shelf.
"Next time you wake me up, don't do it by shoving my face into your chest," He laughed, kissing Steve's lips, "You're such a teddy bear."
"I figured you'd want that. Especially after I woke you up late last night." He said softly, making himself a cup with sugar as he cooked. "You going to call the realtor after breakfast?"
"Peter Benjamin..." Steve said softly, moving around on the bed to pull Peter into a reassuring hug.
Peter grumbled to himself, at which Tony gave him a look and rolled his eyes.
"I was finishin' one'a Daddy's papahs," He replied softly, "I was tryin' t'get Jay t'google some words f'me, but it’s pretty much cut off...."
He frowned and got up, getting a towel to clean himself and Steve up, pulling him off the bed.
"No baby, he's been trying to get up lately, and he fell over and hurt his knee," Tony explained, showing Peter the band-aid, "He's fine, lovie."
"Thanks for coming to watch him on such short notice, Pepper." Steve said softly, giving her a smile.
"Alright." Steve kissed back, standing up out of the water carefully. He grunted slightly as he stepped out, walking a little awkwardly towards the towel rack. His muscles were still fairly sore.
Steve glanced back at Tony to see the man trying to hide nervousness before turning back towards the woman he presumed to be Ms. Potts. He straightened his posture and gave the woman a respectful nod in greeting.
"I can't help it." Steve pouted. "I have never done that before and you were very thorough..." He murmured, heading towards the kitchen. "Do you like French Toast?"
Steve set to work, carrying Sammy to the nursery for change first and foremost.
"I love you too," he chuckled, quickly washing himself up before climbing out of the shower, drying himself and walking stark naked into the bedroom to find some semblance of clothes.
Tony let himself rake his eyes over Steve, mentally reminding himself to send Bruce a bonus check.
"Seems to me you're dressed to see someone else." He smirked.
"Your dad's the DEAN? What are you gonna tell me next, that you're a long lost prince of some country whose name I can't even pronounce?". Steve was only half-kidding at that last statement. Tony only chuckled.
Steve chuckled, realizing now where Tony had gone. He hugged up the boy sweetly and kissed at his cheeks happily.
"Yep. You're coming down with something because I
"Peter, it’s just a figure of speech, bubba." Steve explained, petting the boy's hair. "He knows he isn't old.
"Perhaps I should send Howard down here. The air would do him wonders, don't you think? He'll love the disrespect you treat his son and his employees."
This is the last little part to the story, so here is a little info on it.
"They won't have me stay overnight, either, so I might as well stay at Bucky's till I get better," he muttered.
"Well--" Natasha faltered slightly, shaking her head. "Sammy's a gem, perfect little angel, absolutely amazing. He's fine. Peter's.... Pete's in time out right now. We were actually just about to call you about that."
"We'll see, Tony. We'll see." Steve said, rolling his eyes softly. He helped Tony out of the tub and wrapped him up with a fluffy towel.
"Well just so you know, calling me Papa suits me fine. And I'm 100% positive I'm a boy, okay bubba?" He explained, ruffling the boy's hair.
Tony mentally shook his head. Those were thoughts to think and worry about later. He should enjoy this now, this companionship while he had it before he managed to push it away somehow. For once, he needed to just try and be in the here and now, if only for a little while.
, Steve-- did you
Peter just shrugged, burrowing his embarrassed flush into Steve's side. He sniffled, whimpering as he clung to his Papa's shirt.
"I am small and warm. You better like it," Tony grumbled, about to close his eyes when whimpering came over the baby monitor, causing him to sigh. "Never. Not a single moment of peace," he whined, rolling off of Steve."
Steve leaned back in his chair slightly.
"C'mon, Tony! Don't be a party pooper." Steve teased, sticking his tongue out playfully. "Besides, we need you to sing the facial hair part. You're the only one here that has any."
"--Nice and slow..."
"I'm otay," he protested, letting Steve pick him up anyway.
Tony smacked him again, pinching his cheek. "Don't swear at me," he scolded lightly, slowly moving his hips, "I won't tolerate it." He took a breath, trying not to moan from how fucking
"I'm going to guide your hand for now, okay? At least until you get the hang of it and what feels good." The engineer explained carefully, moving the blond's hand downwards. "You want to grasp it gently in your fist. A nice, in-between pressure that you are comfortable with. Slick is always good to have, but sometimes the body produces something that can be used as it."
. Steve thought through the bond, humming deep in his throat as his nose brushed against dark tufts of hair.
"You're doing great, baby." Steve praised, whispering against Tony's ear, speeding up his movements.
Tony shrugged, guiltily pulling the sheets up to his chin.
"The work we do. We get mixed up with some crazy things." Steve said somberly. "You are still young and don't have the proper training like we do. I don't want you hurt and give up the opportunity for everything you want."
He grinned, looking over Steve's shoulder for a millisecond before gasping, bouncing in Steve's arms.
"Pete," Tony sighed, "Enough, kid."
"Alright. Got the math for Mr. Smarty Pants over here." Steve chuckled, entering the lab and joining Peter on the couch.
Tony was flabbergasted, completely silent as tears budded up in his eyes.
"It’s because you're the brilliant one. I gotta be good mentally somewhere." Steve joked lightly, leaving tons of smooches on Tony's face. "My brilliant, genius husband who I love very
Drying his hair a bit before standing him up, Tatianna moved Steve to the barber's chair, settling him in front of the mirror to start her work.
help I need, Steve--"
He flushed, burying his burning face in Steve's back.
"I'm calling him right now," Tony interrupted, reaching for the phone before Steve smacked his hand. He grinned, bringing his legs up.
The two of them walked down the halls of the dorms, Steve leading the way.
"That's my boy," Tony smiled fondly, playing with Peter's hair again, "I taught you well."
Tony laughed at that, carrying Pete down to the living room.
The TV flickered to life and started the requested show, leaving Peter wide-eyed as he watched.
"Probabwy soft," Peter murmured, tucking his head against Steve's chest, "Or m'portant to 'im."
"I'll be really stressed, and you'll see me act out a lot. Need you to keep me in line so I don't completely fly off the handle at Howard," Tony muttered, a frown on his lips, "You'll hafta help me get up and go there and--basically, you'll be dragging a teenager around. It's awful."
to him that you love him. Understand me?"
"Yes, Raavi, but not for me today. I've brought a friend." Tony stated with a friendly grin back, presenting Steve.
"Alright boys, come eat," Tony called from the kitchen, carrying plates out to the dining room, "You can squish your father later, Petey."
Steve moaned from the bite and feeling Tony clench down around, coming hard into his lover as his hips continued to twitch forward, riding out the high.
"His booboos are from lots of things over the years. Mostly from work." Steve explained for now. "But it causes an invisible booboo in his heart. His Daddy never really made him feel good, so he sometimes feels he doesn't deserve to feel good. We are trying to make that better."
"No, no, I've missed it," Tony breathed, helping Steve out of his clothes, tugging him into the bedroom, "I miss you being rough with me--"
"I think that's a great idea, Tony!" Steve called into the living room as he worked on making the chicken for dinner. He smiled hearing the glad giggles and laughs coming from his boys. This was the way he wanted it all the time.
"Thank you." He said softly, then shaking his head. "Gosh, I'm sorry. I have to brush my teeth. Can't believe I kissed you with my morning breath."
"Back up, Daddy, I'll show yew," Peter said proudly, hopping off the hammock with Sammy in his arms.
Tony practically launched himself at Steve, grabbing his lapels and tugging him down to kiss him, sliding his hands up into his hair. He only pulled back to breathe, grinning at Steve.
“Yeah, just... We got everything set up and stuff. Just--" Steve hummed softly in thought. "I'll have to ask you something later tonight, okay?"
“Now then, you’ve checked the playroom and our room, right?” Steve asked, earning a nod in response from his boyfriend.
"Oh my God, Tony..." Steve whispered out, quickly going to get the burn ointment. "That is terrible. You should've gotten it checked out."
"You really don't have to thank me for anything, Steve. Really." Tony said carefully, finishing off his plate with a contented hum. "Having your company is honestly all I could ask of you. Its... Its nice to have someone staying here on a regular basis that I don't have to expect they'll leave the morning after they've stayed the night. Nice to have a bo-- a
The boy nodded and laid his head back down, yawning as he watched the nurse bring out a small bag--a gift from the hospital, Tony noted-- and Sammy in her arms. Tony
Tony smiled softly, leaning against the counter.
“Not to the enemy, no. But they’re our team.” Steve replied curtly “Besides, they might as well be informed since there isn’t really anything we can do about it for at least three months, and we can’t keep it hidden that whole time. There is just no way.”
Sammy made a huff noise at Tony, babbling as they moved to the spot the blanket would go to. He whined when they stopped, intently watching Tony.
"Well, it’s basically a place where you can play in the exhibits and have fun."
"Not to lessen the punishment. A genuine compliment." He breathed softly. "You look very attractive, Sir. My boyfriend might get mad if he found out I was looking at you in such a way..."
Sammy huffed gently, whining as he returned to nibbling on his teether.
"Steeeve," he murmured.
"I'll go fetch the papers," the nurse smiled.
Steve sat on what Tony called a couch, waiting for the other man to stop pacing. He had been given some clothes to wear, a bit baggy on him but they kept him covered and warm. Tony was rattling on about something, but the blond was too preoccupied with his
"He is." Steve chuckled, earning a squawk from Sammy. "So is Little Bit. They are both just being the cutest little things." He smiled, smooching Tony's cheek.
He finished the sentence with that, standing quietly to clear his finished plate and offering to take Steve's and start on dishes. They weren't at that level yet- that probably wasn't a thing where Steve was from- and Tony almost let the B- word slip out of his mouth. I mean, they certainly had some form of chemistry and kissed a few times, but that does not a romantic relationship truly make. Maybe after a while longer, but not yet.
He whined softly, nipping at Steve's collar as he tossed his shirt aside.
"Well then, when did you plan to introduce us, Tony?" The strawberry-blonde hummed, her expression softening towards Steve as she held out a hand for a shake. "I'm Pepper Potts. CEO of Stark Industries and a close friend of Tony's."
"I am, am I?" Tony snorted, crouching down to ruffle Peter's hair, "You just ate, pookie."
"Are we having a teaparty?" Tony joked, "Or just bonding time while I'm gone?"
• Tony? Whatever it was, if I set you off or something, I'm so sorry.
"There we go. It'll heal up just fine, bubba." He said, scooping the boy up carefully and setting him on the couch.
The doc nodded, flipping open his chart.
"I'll stack 'em in the closet."
"Am not." Steve said with a chuckle, nuzzling Tony's cheek. "I am being a good boy, I promise--".
"Of course. So everybody is having naptime, then." The blond laughed, deciding to cover them under a sheet. "You're lucky I like it when you lay on me."
"I dunno what to tell you," he mumbled, "I think he has two dads, and you're the one who's good at emotions and shit."
He waited for the child's breath to even out before turning a worried eye to Steve, brushing his hair back.
He linked his hand with Steve's, giving him a reassuring squeeze.
"Five years, three months," Tony answered, "That's how old I was when the emotional abuse started. Or at least, when I really remember it. Howard-- he never made me feel wanted or loved, but rather like a necessary addition that needed to fend for itself. Once my stubbornness kicked in, the physical abuse started--"
"What if at the classes, they have us practice with those animatronic babies like they give out for a week in high school parenting classes? The ones that cry until you find out what is wrong?"
"Iron Daddy," Peter amended, smirking up at him.
what gets lodged up there sometimes? You were a bit like that yourself, before I went off. Your stubbornness buried your real feelings, and it wasn't until James and I found you sobbing--"
"I like Daddy's plan. Nice and fair." The blond murmured, smooching Peter's face before lifting him in his arms.
Tony sucked in a breath and waited for the reprimand for crying to come, but only felt himself sink under Steve's lips; he sniffled, weary-eyed as he turned himself back over to look at Steve. Tony opened his mouth to talk, but all he could do was whine softly, more shame washing over him.
"Okay. Alright. Won't talk about it anymore. We'll worry about Peter for now." Steve agreed, driving on.
Tony let his eyes close, a smile drifting onto his face.
Grabbing a cloth, she put Sammy up to her shoulder and patted his back, reaching around to gently wipe the spittle from his lips.
He managed to keep composed for an hour or two, but it wasn't long before the block crumbled, and his pent up guilt, shame and worthlessness flooded the bond. Tony didn't have the strength to have JARVIS lock the workshop door; rather, he stayed curled up on the futon, shaking as he tried to calm himself down.
Opening his eyes, looking at his nearly naked husband above him brought a grin to Steve’s lips.
, baby." He moaned, rocking slightly on Tony's fingers "Keep going, please."
"Daddy said y'were gonna teach me how t'draw," He said pointedly, scooting his sketchbook over to Steve.
"Horrible," Tony wheezed, gulping down air, "Horrible, horrible man." He smiled weakly, still trying to get air in. Laughing, Tony laid on his back, hands going into Steve's hair.
Tony grinned and left the plug in, massaging his thighs again.
"Psych. First therapy appointment," Tony clarified, "Pep got me in....earlier than I expected. She nearly kicked my ass when I asked her to find a guy."
Tony smiled softly, taking the bottle from Steve.
"Seems like someone else likes your Van Dyke, too." Steve grinned with a chuckle, eyeing Sammy for a moment. "It feels nice, huh bubba bug?" He laughed.
Sammy shouted from his high chair, grumpily tossing his empty bottle to the floor.
Tony paused then nodded, still panting into Steve's chest.
He hobbled over to the closet, rifling through till he found his bathrobe--the red one he wore when he first met Steve--and pulled the tiny container out of the pocket. He put it in his pajama pocket, hobbling back over to Steve and collapsing on the bed next to him.
"Oh, no, nope, you are not putting that in your mouth," Tony took the baby's hands, pressing kisses over them to distract him, "You put enough gross things in there already."
"Bye, snookums," Bucky called after him, blowing kisses before dissolving into laughter, taking his place by Natasha.
Steve eyed him carefully, slowly letting go of the griddle when he felt Peter had a good hold on it.
"Mhm. Jus' wantin' t'go to bed so we can get Sammy," Peter lied, scrubbing at his face to make the blotchiness of crying look more natural, "Didja finish dinnah?"
"Fuck isn't a number, Tony. That's four." Steve pointed out, starting the swats again.
He sighed happily, moving on to putting away plates and bowls. Steve moved along to go help Tony, setting some of the things on the higher shelves that Tony can't reach himself.
He grinned cheekily, leaning up to smooch Steve's lips.
"Never need to rent. Plenty of space for guests, though," Tony laughed breathlessly, "We should buy it. There's a room on the second floor that's perfect--"
"Either way, it’s impressive. He's first grade age doing middle school work. He gets that from you." Steve told Tony with a playful smirk. "As long as he doesn't feel pressured with it and he is happy with the advancement, then I'm happy to have two smart men in the family."
"A-Ah, yes, yes." He moaned, just harshly rocking his hips against Tony's. He brought Tony into deep kiss as they moved, moaning against his lips.
"I'm the real lucky one," Tony muttered to himself, nosing at Steve's thigh before sitting up, covering his fingers and lube and warming it up, leaning back down to gently prod at his entrance.
"Honey, we'll be on a regular exercise routine by the end of the week," Tony hummed, stuffing the breadstick in his mouth and grabbing another slice.
"Up?" He asked, bouncing as he reached up toward Steve.
Tony paused.
"Are you sure she'll like me? We haven't even invited her over yet and I'm nervous about meeting her."
"Comin', pipsqueak," Tony called back, rolling his eyes, "Ten bucks says it’s in the hammock. Again."
Steve and Tony get some well-needed alone time.
"You're still so cute when you blush." He chuckled.
He headed back towards the beach, no plans of going back tonight.
Tony scooted back with Steve, watching Peter set Sammy on the floor. Peter backed away, holding his arms out to the baby. Giggling happily, Sammy flopped forward on his hands and crawled toward Peter. Tony gasped softly, but didn't say anything, watching quietly.
"Uh huh."
Tony mumbled back in his sleep, unconsciously snuggling up into Steve. They slept soundly through the night surprisingly enough, Tony curled into Steve and Steve curled around Tony, just enjoying the other's warmth and comfort.
Tony moaned quietly, adjusting himself to be able to pull Steve down for a deeper kiss, rolling his hips down onto Steve's fingers. Steve hummed into the kiss pleasurably, starting to move his fingers in and out and scissoring them as they rocked together.
"Nap later," Tony hummed, "Just sweet cuddles, if that's okay. I miss being able to touch you."
Peter washed up quickly, bounding over to hop onto the couch once he was done.
"My dad banned me from ever stepping on the campus again once the semester is over. I have to go back to California to live with my mother again. That would mean I wouldn't be able to see you or talk to you, and Malibu isn't exactly a short drive from New York...".
"Wasn't try'na wake ya up." Steve murmured back sleepily, grinning back but eyes still closed, "And maybe I like being a teddy bear. I see no harm in it.".
Steve was halfway through raising his hand before he cleared his throat, setting the hand back in his lap.
"Hugs usually work better up here, Petey." She smiled, giving him a hug and kissing his cheek to leave a lipstick mark.
"It's funny, to see such a small thing in your arms," He chuckled softly.
He turned to look at the brunet, a smile on his lips.
"Y'just like to play with me, don't cha?"
Steve crawled up Tony's body, straddling his hips. He knelt down and mouthed at the juncture of Tony's neck and shoulder, biting lightly and sucking hard to form dark marks.
He huffed and smiled at Steve's laugh, settling down till he fell asleep.
"Mmm, we will. We will see lots of sights and have
"Yes, Sir," Tony replied softly, a blush covering his cheeks, "I've been really naughty lately. You said you'd promised me a lesson or two."
"Oh, yes,
"At least we know where Sammy learned it," Tony laughed, letting Peter scramble over into Steve's lap.
"Wise words indeed. Very wise words." Steve hummed, pouring syrup over Peter's waffles. "Once we're done with breakfast, we'll get ready to go and invite everyone over." He smiled, biting into his own waffles.
"C'mere, baby bear, before you pee yourself," He chuckled, letting the boy clamber onto the couch and snuggle up to his chest.
Steve raised an eyebrow at him for a moment, wondering what 'interests' are involved with Red Light that Bruce didn't have.
"Play nice, you guys!" Steve called with a laugh, sighing contently as the other headed out. "Now, was he calling you or me 'sex on legs'? And are all three of them winding up being a thing? I mean, I didn't think Clint for the type, to be honest." He hummed.
He moaned and pressed his cheek against the cool of the table, enjoying the slightly painful stretch that pulsed up his back.
"Cone watch the sunset with me?" He asked softly, patting the blankets.
"Mhm. Nice an' warm," Tony mumbled, smooching Steve's chest, "Very warm,"
"I like kissies, just not those kissies!" Peter proclaimed, cheeks pink and hands over his eyes.
Tony bit his lip, looking up at Steve.
“I hate that you make sense.” Tony grumbled, earning a warning growl from the blond “The real question is if we can get ahold of him to probe for information on this. He always seems to be dealing with other magic shit when we ask for his help.”
Tony carried Peter over to Steve, laughing at the boy's frown.
"Hush, you. You're old enough to hear this stuff."
Steve smacked Tony's arm slightly. "As much as you may like it, please don't use that word." Steve scolded gently, burying his face into Tony's neck.
"Miss Rushman. Still as lovely as ever." Steve greeted cheerfully.
"We gon' have dinner and then cuddles?" He asked excitedly, looking at his daddies. "Huh? Huh? Huh?!"
Steve brought Tony into the bedroom once they were over, getting Tony comfy in bed before going over and changing out of his uniform and into some pajama bottoms.
"Daddyyyy--"
Meanwhile in the kitchen, Sammy was having a nice time exploring bubbles as he was gently cleaned in the sink.
Tony smooched Steve's cheek, standing to put his cup in the dishwasher.
Steve groaned, head falling back onto his pillow. "That was before you started messin' with meee..." He griped, trying to think of other things to calm himself down.
"How the hell did this escalate like this all of a sudden?" Steve breathed, looking down at Tony and leaning with the man's touches.
Sammy looked over from Sharon's shoulder and reached a chubby hand out for Peter, making tiny whines.
"Night night, Papa," he mumbled, yawning before turning over to fall asleep.
"Hmm... You love it when I touch you, don't ya?" Steve whispered with a purr to his tone as he continued his touches. "Love it when I take it slow, just lettin' it all build up?"
"Tony," Clint interrupted, side eyeing him.
"Hey," Tony whispered.
things."
"Uh..." Tony flushed, shrugging, "I usually don't talk about my past, unless something stupid like this happens."
-----------------
"God, see, now that we're
"I'm sorry, baby." He said gently, kissing the top of Tony's head. "Did I do something to trigger it?" Steve asked with slightly concern in his voice.
"I'm so fucked up Steve, you don't deserve me, oh my god," he whispered, leaning into Steve's touch.
"Mhmmm..." The boy hummed with a yawn, letting Tony finish before trying to climb out of the tub towards the towel Tony had out.
The boy nodded softly, reaching for Tony's hand to hold as they headed upstairs.
He smiled lazily, happy to relax into Steve's chest.
He raised an eyebrow at the man and smirked triumphantly, flopping down beside the blond on the bed.
"Yeah, but there are always so many people out there though. Don't wanna risk shooting someone. Lawsuits and all.".
"We'd--That could be something to discuss...?" Bucky said with an unsure tone, looking to Natasha and earning an accepting nod. "Yeah, we'll discuss it."
," Peter sighed, shoulders drooping as he stomped after Steve.
"Well, that helps narrow my choices down.".
Steve smiled happily, seeing Tony excited for once in quite a while. "As long as you don't go overboard with it." He chuckled, drying off and getting redressed.
"I know you like the incentive. I'll leave the paddle out so you can think it over," Tony smirked, leaning down to smooch Steve's collarbone, "Or the crop. But that might be too heavy for you."
"Now what?" He mumbled.
Tony arched off the bed and came with a cry, digging his nails into Steve's back as he spilled over his chest.
He winked at Steve, kicking up his feet.
"Keep it G around the child, thank you," Tony announced, ignoring Peter's sigh.
"Okay."
Tony rolled his eyes but nodded, curling up to Steve.
Peter. And he adores you." Steve said soft and sweet. "You've been doing so good, babe. Don't you ever doubt that because I will let you know it’s not true."
"Really? I need to fix that." The blond smirked, kissing at Tony's face and whispering 'I love you's throughout. He tugged the other close and ran his hands along Tony's back.
"If..." He whispered, lips only just brushing against Tony's. "If we get to make love, after. Nice and slow and sweet. Deal?" He purred, a playful glint to his eyes.
"See what Daddy thinks about what?" Tony poked his head into the living room, drying a plate with a towel.
Tony traced shapes on Steve's chest, leaning down to kiss his collar.
Tony laughed at that, turning to grin at Peter.
"Well, you're sitting. I meant waiting until your ass throbs," Tony laughed before taking the lingerie from Steve, tossing it in the hamper.
be really busy and then I couldn't see you a lot either." Peter said with a wobbly lip.
"Maybe. But my job's not that hot." He explained, kissing the top of Tony's head. "Really, all I do is make sure no one touches or steals any of the pieces. Stop a lot of kids, really."
?" He whispered, watching the lady in the wetsuit.
Tony grinned cheekily, smooching Steve.
"Would you stop cursing in front of the infant? Honest to goodness, Clint," Tony snapped.
Peter grabbed the milk and blueberries from the fridge and put them on the counter before grabbing the butter and eggs and placing them on the counter.
"I bet. The Romanoffs- the Famous Romanoffs- have been gone for decades. This is... Tony, thank you." She said softly, admiring the nesting dolls.
-- that you would ever have wanted..."
He went to his studio to grab a sketchbook and pencil, heading down to the lab to join Tony.
Tony laughed, smooching Steve while still panting hard. "Rest, it seems I've worn you out already," he breathed, curling up to his chest.
"Oh no, I'm not leaving without a kiss," Tony frowned, leaning over to Peter to smooch his temple, "Be good for your Aunts and Uncles, Petey. Papa and I'll be back soon, don't worry."
He slowly took Steve in, careful of his gag reflex; they hadn't done much since he hit his head, and needed a moment to get back into the swing ‘a things. Once he was confident, Tony took Steve all the way in, scraping his teeth along the heated flesh.
Oops. Tony did forget. His face dropped. He didn't think he had lost track of time that badly. He just gets lost in his work when he hit a breakthrough, and time just fell out of the equation.
With a grin, Tony slicked himself up, positioning himself at Steve's hole once he felt the blond was loose enough. He slipped in with a low groan, head between his arms as he waited for Steve to adjust.
"And Shogun's closes at eight-thirty." Natasha smirked.
. He was only just pushing himself up the other day, and now he's walking?"
"Nothin'," He murmured back, snuggling down into his pillow, "It's dumb, I promise." The ‘
. Gentlemen, you've given me more than enough to work with," Tony mumbled, eyes darting around the room while he ran a hand through his hair, "I can assure you that the case will easily be solved."
"Sometimes, I don't know if there is, Steve," Tony replied, voice cracking slightly, "What if the soulmate thing is all jack? What if-- what if we just happened to meet, and this--" He waved his hand, "This was all too fast for us? What if we fell too deep--" He took a breath, tears stinging his eyes.
"You're our baby, our first baby, and we love you so much, honey, no need to cry," he whispered, booping their noses together, "Everything's okay, I love you so much."
Steve squeezed Tony's hand as they headed into the building, being lead into a small office as a meeting room.
"Clint, shut up," Tony shoved a piece of cake in his face.
Steve grabbed softly at Tony's hips, helping him ease down onto him and rolling his hips up to help be sure it was all the way.
"That's it baby, y'look so good," He breathed, tugging Steve over.
"It’s a bit harder with kids, but we make do." Steve smiled back, giving their hands a small squeeze. "I wouldn't change how things are for nothing..." He hummed softly.
"Don't tell me to listen right now! You know we aren't supposed to interact with humans in any way, shape, or form!".
He grinned up at Steve, raising his eyebrows suggestively.
Steve sighed, burying his face into the crook of Tony's neck. "That’s because I grew up with just my mom and I looked up to her." He explained. "So I am the motherly dad. Peter will come to you for the fun and 'Don't tell Papa's, and he'll come to me for booboos and emotional support.".
." Grinning, Tony ducked down the aisle marked ‘Collars’.
its okay." Tony assured once more, stroking at Steve's cheek. "This is normal for humans, its just something that humans in a relationship typically do together. Like with kissing like we had. Do merpeople date? Where you do romantic things together, but aren't married or uh, mated?"
Nodding, Tony stumbled to the couch, curling up into the soft pillows. He choked on spittle, shivering until Steve came back with blankets.
take a baf!"
"That was the day your Grandma passed away," she explained quietly, "Your Papa was so distraught..."
"Sir, please, can't last--" Tony slurred.
Steve kissed at the top of Tony's head ever so slightly as the brunet fell asleep atop of him, falling asleep himself soon after.
wanna eat."
"Yea! No gross girls!" Peter cheered.
"Chocolate lube?" Steve asked inquisitively with a playful hum before working to open his gift.
"Y'not
Steve scrunched his face softly at the kiss, chuckling sweetly. "You are silly. And I love it." He said happily, smooching his lips.
He grinned weakly, leaning up to capture Steve's lips.
"That's my good boy."
, He thought to Tony.
"Oh, you will." Steve warned with a smirk. "I know I'm going to take some any chance I get." He pointed out, sitting next to his family. "Unless Sammy ends up being oddly quiet, there will be plenty of naps had for Daddy and I when chances arise."
Steve nodded, humming at the touch. "Yeah, I'll be fine. Just sore muscles like doing a heavy work out after not having worked out in a really long time." He explained. "But a massage later sounds fantastic, thanks."
"Mmm, maybe explaining. Definitely taking you," Tony snickered, booping their noses together, "Let you pick out stuff you want to try. Sound good?"
Steve just gave Tony a smirk, pick up Peter and joining him in his song.
•Hey.
"Well, first we start out with why you feel you have come here for help." Rhodes explained, setting a clipboard in his lap with a pen to take notes. "And after that, we start from the beginning. I may ask you some questions eventually as well, Steve. Just so you won't be caught off guard."
"We have a meeting?" Steve asked anxiously. "Do we have a meeting? Please tell me we have a meeting on Friday with them. Her. Whichever."
“Three months is a very long time. That doesn’t help at all.” Bruce sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose. “We’ll have to research all that we can on this if we are going to get any headway on helping Steve with this.”
"Papa? Can I ask y'a question?"
"Peter!" Tony yelled.
telling your father about that?" Tony squeaked, "Peter! Traitor."
Tony pouted, but only slightly, hesitantly opening his mouth. "Don't you dare burn me," he muttered, trying not to giggle.
He pulled Steve up, slowly taking him to their bathroom, helping him down into the bathtub. Tony flicked the hot water on, laughing breathlessly as he pushed Steve's sweaty bangs to the side.
"Yea! Pway!" Peter chorused happily, thumb in his mouth, "I wan co'wor, Papa."
"Alright, sir. Just calm down a bit and we'll get him in quickly and taken care of." The nurse explained, calling a doctor over quickly to take Peter.
right. Peter's smart, and we shouldn't talk circles over him in front of him."
The first piece was from their first session. In it, Tony wore a gentle and warm smile. The canvas color was a light and inviting yellow. The line work was in a darker yellow, the strokes light and vibrant. Tony didn't believe he was capable of such an expression. It surprised him.
Tony didn't reply. He knew if he opened his mouth, he might curse Steve out, or break down and never stop crying. All he could do was shrug, silently cursing himself and racking up more marks for that night, once Steve was asleep. He finished making the bed, staring at it blankly before wringing his hands nervously, clearing his throat.
"Embarrassed? No."
"I understand completely, Mr. Stark." Steve stated quietly, shooting Tony a pair of puppy dog eyes. "I assume I am to be punished, Mr. Stark?"
"You better." She warned playfully. "I hardly ask you for anything, Stark.". Nat grabbed a couple more boxes. "Where are these going to?"
Clint went quiet, Natasha giving him a pitiful look.
"Mmm," Tony hummed, opening one eye before sitting up, drawing the bear into his arms before standing up.
"Oh boy, kid, Sammy wants words with you," Tony laughed, sitting back, "He's gonna nibble on your fingers for waking him up."
He leaned over to smooch Sammy's cheek, waving to them--and Peter's horrified expression--as he skipped out to the car.
"I'm Sharon," she introduced, voice soft.
"He's embarrassed, sweetie," Tony hummed, "Papa gets embarrassed easily."
Tony smiled fondly at that, crooking his fingers a bit to brush against Steve's sweet spot.
"Help me build?"
He paused, then shrugged.
"Yeah, I'm all full." Steve stated. "Are you? Or did you want a slice of that pie you mentioned before we head out?"
"..... Peter?" He called softly.
"Well, I know what he was excited for." He chuckled, shaking his head.
"G'morning--" he chuckled softly.
"I don't
The quick noise didn't go unnoticed, Steve only giving a few more swats before he stopped. He could see the skin stinging bright red.
"I love you." He stated quietly, voice a bit strained like he was trying to keep from feeling upset.
"Alright, Jay, I need-- holdup."
Tony nodded and nuzzled at Steve's stomach, wrapping his arms around his waist. He purred happily, leaning up into his touch.
Lights turned on one by one, brightening the room and showing various things inside made out of metal that Steve didn't know what to make of just yet.
Christmas Eve. Time for merrymaking (and all that shit).
"Who was the fifth president of the United States?"
Peter nodded and settled against Tony's chest, ducking his head into his father's neck before closing his eyes, trying to drift off to sleep. Steve petted Peter's hair until he felt the boy fall asleep, sighing gently as they waited.
. It's her Italian blood," Tony replied gently, "Don't overthink it."
Steve made exaggerated choking noises after the kisses landed.
"Please what, darling?" Steve breathed, slipping in another finger and thrusting them in and out in a rhythm.
"I am not. I can't help you feel embarrassed when I'm being sweet to you." Steve grinned sweetly, scooting close to Tony again.
Tony felt a little bad for making Steve look worried.
He took a small step to the side and took a small step to the other side, turning only slightly all to the beat of the music.
Tony took a second to catch his breath before nodding, sniffling into Steve's chest.
"Fank you Papa," the boy said with a full mouth.
He took a breath before rocking his hips up and down, whining high in his throat.
His eyes widened slightly at the sight in front of him, clothes nearly dropping out of his hands.
"Yessir." Steve replied with a nod, standing up and moving to bend over the desk. He rested his head in his hands on the desk, looking up at the man.
"Is uh, is this what fertilizes your eggs?" He asked carefully, earning a sputter from the brunet above him.
," he breathed, "
Steve nodded, leaning in to kiss Tony softly and rubbing his hand softly.
"It’s not whatever, baby. You are so great, and I will always tell you that." Steve soothed, hugging Tony close. "So don't ever think that I'll think bad of you, love."
"Grooooss!" Peter complained, burrowing under the sweater to curl up to Tony.
"Now then, we need to talk about this bully business, bubba. How bad has it been?"
Peter reached over and pet Sammy's head gently.
"I don't-- I don't want to bring that up," She murmured, "But you see my point, yes?"
Tony sighed and shook his head, a fond smile on his lips. "Alright. We'll forgo them, then."
Peter patted at his clothes gently, pretending to observe them like he didn't have a little secret kept from Tony.
"I'm like you, Daddy! Papa always says you'se cute, too!" He exclaimed with a giggle.
"You are lucky it’s been fairly warm lately, otherwise I'd say you were out of your mind." He chuckled. "It’s almost January and you wanna go skinny dipping."
"Fuck, I love you," Tony whispered.
"Gorgeous," Tony murmured, "Okay, love, lie down for me--there you go."
"There's only slightly six. I'm built more up top. Plus I think eighteen is impossible naturally. But thank you for the compliment." He grinned.
"I still feel bad though," Peter mumbled.
"I don't know if I can go back to sleep," Tony mumbled, "I think-- I'm gonna go work in the lab until I'm tired." He slipped out of Steve's arms, smooching his cheek before heading for the basement.
"Buddy, I was just playing, okay? I'm sorry, don't cry." Steve said softly, kneeling in front of the boy and wiping his tears. "You don't have to worry about any of that for a
it to be," Tony murmured, "I'm having an urge to buy you more pretty things. Y'know, I might have to steal another closet in this house just for your pretty things. Whaddya think?"
apparently wants to come back over here to you and say hello." Steve said with a grin, turning to Sharon. "May I?"
Tony leaned onto Steve's shoulder and sighed wistfully, burying his nose in his husband's chest.
"What color are you thinking for the drapes and the bed--?"
Damn, it was hard. It was hard not to make any noise
"I love you too, so fucking much. I don't ever want us to go through anything like that again." He breathed, hugging Tony close, regardless of the man being soaked.
Peter's eyes momentarily flicked over to the couch, and he offered another quiet apology, picking up another piece of paper to continue drawing.
"I wuz jus' twyin' t'
The next few nights were the same; His younger self gripping to the chair in that same room, void-less and empty. The only things he could recall changing between the dreams were his grip-- hands not letting go but loosening ever so slightly as the dreams progressed-- and the form appearing. As each dream went, he could see the form getting closer towards him, close enough at this point he could tell it was the shape of a person. He couldn't tell who it was or any discerning features, but it was certainly humanoid.
He sighed happily, turning his head to give Steve a dopey smile.
before passing it over to Steve.
Steve gave a heavy sigh. "Five more only. That's it. I know you are hurting, Tony. I can tell."
He reached up to pet Steve's cheek, brushing his thumb over his cheekbone.
"Well, the day we left, Steve and I got a call," he began, playing with a fray on Peter's overalls, "It was the prenatal Adoption agency, and they told us we had a meeting with our match."
"It will cost you your voice and your brawn. But you will get to explore with the human for the 3 months of summer." He stated darkly. "But in this time, if you cannot find a true reason to keep you on land, then I'll get to keep your voice, brawn, ... and
, an’ it looks weally bad."
"Yessir..." The boy mumbled before climbing off of Tony's lap to head off towards the kitchen to get his Papa.
Tony sat on his bed, breathing heavily. He turned so he wasn't looking at Steve. After that nightmare, Steve was the last person he wanted to look at.
power it--"
Sighing, Tony reluctantly let Steve pull him aside, not quite making eye contact with him. He crossed his arms over his chest, looking slightly smaller in Steve's oversized sweatshirt.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Deal!"
"So we wake up the seven-year-old to play with his baby brother?" Steve asked back, raising a brow.
pressured. Hell, you're gorgeous babe, I wish we could have sex every single hour of every single day. It's more of.... I dunno. It's kinda like when you get used to having this great thing all the time, and then when it gets rationed, it doesn't seem as great as it used to be? No, that's not right-- ah, more like-- it feels like sex, and not like making love. That make sense?"
Tony sighed, but reluctantly went up to their bathroom. He waited for Steve to close the door before removing his shirt, wincing at his husband's gasp of horror. White, black, and red scars laced over his chest, some places slightly bubbled up from the burn. Tony sighed down at it and started to pick at a scab, feeling a little shame.
"Bucky said it’s all good to go." He whispered in Tony's ear, not letting Peter hear him.
"Can I borrow one of your hoodies? Yours are warmer than mine," he mumbled.
"We can sleep a little longer though. Sunrise is early, but you just looked so gorgeous in the dawn light, I couldn't help it." He hummed happily.
"Not having a drink?"
"Special thing I ordered that I didn't tell you about," Tony replied, writing off the check with a little plus, ripping it off and handing it to Bruce, "Thanks, man. You're amazing."
He behaved himself for the rest of his bath, scrambling for his warm towel once Steve said he was done.
Tony clutched at Steve's back, ignoring the
"M'sorry I called y'a liar, Papa," he whimpered, sniffling into Steve's chest.
"Peter, we know you want to know, but it’s something you really aren't mature enough to know about yet." Steve said with an empathetic look. "And you won't be until you are at least twelve, and even then that is pushing it, sweetie."
to be here when we go pick up Sammy?" Tony asked, stuffing a piece of waffle in his mouth, "Don't you think that many people will scare him? I'd let him get used to us first."
"I was thinking something like one of these would look good on him, don't you think?" The brunet offered warmly. "I personally like this one, but what do you think, Steve? Any of these tickle your fancy?"
"It--ah, it went okay, I guess. I have homework to do--"
He hopped off the counter and padded away, thoughts still swirling in his head.
"He's gonna be just fine," Tony chuckled, leaning over go kiss Steve's cheek before putting the car in reverse, "He loves his Uncle Buck."
He buried his face in Steve's neck, breathing him in deeply.
"You's gettin' bigger, and I've heard you and Daddy talkin' 'bout the baby," Peter replied, a triumphant smirk on his face.
"I dunno what it would be, though." Steve hummed, cuddling Tony closer. "We'll figure it out eventually. After the holidays." He said with a kiss.
Tony smiled back with a content hum, resting his head on Steve's shoulder.
Peter scooted himself back in the center of the couch, sending a pout up at the two men as they laughed.
Steve made a quick noise at his hair being tugged, adjusting to Tony moving with him. He hummed low as he tried to take in a bit more, bit by bit, mindful of Tony's thrusts so he didn't gag.
"Well, someone's dick is currently pressing into my stomach, and I don't think I can sleep with your rock-hard cock nudging me," Tony replied bluntly, enjoying the flush that raced over Steve's cheeks.
Tony looked back at Steve sympathetically.
A soft knock came at their door, followed by a tiny squeak of the door hinges. Peter's little face peeked up from the end of the bed as he tossed his teddy up, then proceeded to crawl up. He looked at them for a second before crawling beside them, gently pushing on Tony's side. Tony laughed through his sobs, moving off Steve so Peter could crawl on.
Tony bit his lip and sat, only gently pushing himself.
Tony woke up slowly, yawning at Steve.
"Very funny. Cute." Steve said, rolling his eyes fondly, sneaking in another finger. "Y'know you are making my job right now harder. Among other things." He smirked.
"Lookin' good, Stark," he murmured after trimming his goatee, putting cologne on his neck, "Lookin' good."
He dug out the shirt Peter wanted to wear, helping him put it on the right way. "How about we get socks that match, too?"
"The other babies are in there. Only nurses can go in there so people don't go messing with all the babies." Steve explained softly. "Once the papers are signed, then we get to keep him and you'll get to see him, Petey."
"Why, Daddy? You can has a dwink wiff Unca C'int," He hummed, reaching over to grab the drink.
Tony stared back slightly, a wide grin growing on his face as he beamed up at the soldier. He moved his arms to wrap around Steve's neck, kissing his lips softly.
"I'll lay down
"Daddyyyy," Peter yelled from the top of the steps, "I can't find m'shoe--"
Peter nodded, moving around in his hammock to give Tony room. When the man got in, the boy climbed up onto Tony's chest and laid down. "We gonna move my stuffs in here later?"
"I love hearing you laugh. It’s adorable." Steve admitted with a warm chuckle, inching back up along Tony and kissing his lips.
"You can't walk yet, stupid, I can get an ice pack," He giggled, pushing Steve back down onto the bed.
"Bucky?" He called, following the sound of tiny sniffles.
"Awe, poor lil' guy. Daddy get you all fixed up and better now?" Steve cooed, earning a babble.
"Naturally, I was the one to make sure it was done correctly." Natasha chimed as she came into the area. "The boys will be plenty safe. I promise you."
Peter nodded softly in reply, letting Tony continue. "They’s very grateful. He saved da day!" He cheered, lifting the duck in triumph.
"Love you," he murmured, laying down to nuzzle at Steve's stomach.
"God, fine, I'll move," Tony grumbled, gasping dramatically once he got out from under Steve.
Tony smirked and popped the rest of Steve's buttons open before moving down to his jeans, using only his teeth to open the button and pull down the fly, kissing at his cock through his boxers.
Steve looked to Tony a bit surprised, kind of nervous about the change up. But at least with the safe words, Tony would tell him if it was too much.
"A hospital didn't do any good last time," he laughed softly, "I just... need time. A hell of a lot of time. And we need to make another appointment with that doctor."
"How about this;" Steve continued. "I ask you any question I want, you give a response, and then you can ask me any question you want and I will respond. For every response, the next person gets to ask another question.".
"We can order both so everyone has a little something they want." Steve pointed out, a smirk on his lips. "And we can make Clint go get it.".
Tony laughed harder, putting a hand over his eyes.
"Steve," he whispered, "Steve, we officially have a baby."
"--And now, I guess, all those deep-seated issues are coming back to haunt me," he finished.
Tony bit his lip and nodded.
Tony laughed, pulling himself off Steve before cuddling up to him, gently laying on his side. He unclipped the collar and tossed it somewhere, breathing heavy into Steve's chest.
"See? He likes you!" Tony said happily, giving the bot a pet himself. "If DUM-E approves, you couldn't be bad. Not that I thought you were, but..."
he was asleep, but he could hear Howard, and in through the door stumbled his ten year old self, clothes being ripped off as his
He placed sloppy kisses on the boy's cheeks, grinning when Sammy started to giggle.
"Union and Confederacy, respectively." Tony's eyes went wide at the lingerie tight against Steve's chest. He whined high in his throat, feeling his cock twitch in his briefs.
massages, and he wasn't going to hold back on the noise.
"Damn straight--"
"And it’s okay if you cry, baby." Steve soothed, lifting their hands to kiss at Tony's knuckles. "No one will judge you for it and I'll be right with you to try and make you feel better after, okay? We'll answer his questions and we'll get through it."
"He might need a change and something to eat. It’s been a while." Steve whispered, looking to Tony. "You feeling up to helping me out?" He asked with a soft smile.
"I'm sorry, sir. I missed it for a legitimate reason, though. I promise. Someone was in trouble. I couldn't stand by and do nothing." He explained.
"I just don't want to end up scarring the kid somehow, y'know?" Steve sighed, nuzzling Tony's neck. "He's only six. And I don't want to make him move rooms, though. It’s not fair to make him leave what he knows just so we can have a roll in the hay. Seems selfish..."
"Nah, just Peanut Butter. Goes best with pretzel." Steve grinned back, feeding the baby with one hand and eating his sandwich with the other. "Plus its less sticky."
Steve nodded softly, still working himself down on Tony's fingers.
not opposed to that."
"Well, he certaintly is a cute one, Mr. Stark. Just a bit scrawnier than I thought your type would be, eh?" The man admitted with a hum, making a circle around the blond.
The blond watched with such a proud grin for both of his boys, eyes admittedly wet as he watch. Peter was taking initiative and helping his younger brother, and it had to be one of the sweetest thing he has been able to witness.
"You even told me you were tired when you got out of the bath." Steve pointed out, kissing the boy's forehead. "We have plenty of time tomorrow to do things. We cuddle and read more tomorrow or play. But right now is bedtime."
"Papaaaa," Peter groaned, stuffing a spoonful of cheerios into his mouth, "Why y'goh baby tal' all d'time?"
"Adorable," Tony mumbled.
"I wanted to restock lube and stuff, and all this--"
Steve raised an eyebrow to him, scissoring him just slightly. "You think you can handle it? Think you can handle my cock inside you without much prep, just splitting you open?" He hummed lowly.
"Pepper's here, so now all that is left is Bruce and we'll all be present." He hummed, settling back onto Tony's lap.
Tony curled up to Steve as much as he could, whimpering.
Steve happily picked Peter up, booping their noses together. "We'll eat us a bowl of cereal for breakfast and we'll head out for our fun day, all right kiddo?"
spoil him? I think not. He was good, so he got a toy penguin." Steve grinned, giving Tony a kiss back. "Besides, Peter, don't you have something for Daddy?"
"Not a problem, babe." Steve answered with a dopey grin on his face, causing Natasha to groan with a smirk.
Steve dropped it for now, stealing a blueberry from the package and popping it into his mouth. He gave one to Peter to have before putting them back in the refrigerator.
"Mmm, or babble," Tony hummed, lacing his hands over his stomach, "We'll know when he screams it at one AM to get our attention."
He could feel his body weakening. Age was finally catching up and moving him towards the end of the line, he knew. Steve knew it wouldn't be much longer, but he had some things to do before he could let his body give in.
Rhodey nodded thoughtfully, leaning forward a bit.
Steve followed behind Peter quietly to his room, peeking inside the room to keep an eye on the boys. He still was a little suspicious of why Peter was getting Sammy himself.
eat, Steve. I feel like I'm gonna throw up."
"Feels good." Steve noised sweetly as Tony worked, loving both sensation. He could feel his cock harden more and more to match up with what Tony did to him. "So good, baby."
(See the end of the chapter for
"That's just how I look when I am focusing on something. Nothing's wrong.".
Peter sighed at the medical talk, impatiently tapping his foot. Tony looked down at the boy and squeezed the boy's hand comfortingly, turning his attention back to the nurse.
"Our beautiful boys." He said proudly, getting misty-eyed himself. "God, Tony. I'm a sap. A horrible sap." He said with a wet chuckle.
"S'kay. Unca C'int tawks like dat all d'time wiff Unca Buck," Peter replied, breaking off a piece of his cookie, "I don' mind."
what we're buying," he hummed, "I should make a list."
Steve took Tony in his hands with a smile, carefully pumping him in time of the rhythm of his fingers; In, Out, Up, Down, In, Out, Up, Down...
Semi-blocking Steve from the bond, Tony padded out of the room and down to the basement, flicking on his reading glasses before getting to work.
Steve hummed in understanding, continuing to feed Tony. "You don't have to apologize for it, Tony. I'll help out with it whenever you need it. You don't have to say sorry though." He said with a soft smile.
"Don't wanna hurt you, babe." Steve gasped, giving only shallow, slow thrusts now. "Still got--ah-- a little to go..."
Clint grinned at that, leaning back in his chair.
The blond nodded carefully, visibly trying not to flinch away as Tony touched gently.
"All right. Chair for big boys, coming through." Steve announced, setting it up. "There. Now all of us Stark-Rogers men will sit at the table. Like men." He joked, picking Peter's arms up slightly and making muscles with them.
gonna fillet me..."
He looked at the boy's paper with a smile "That looks really good, Peter! Show Daddy when you're done there." He praised, leaning to kiss Tony's hand that was cramping comfortingly.
bigger, and his eye line’s at your stomach, so you seem-- wider," Tony explained carefully, "That's my guess, and if not, we definitely wore a good amount of calories off of you."
"I'm so excited," he giggled, bouncing on his toes, "C'mon, master bedroom. Big enough for a desk."
"Papa! Are y'ready yet?" Peter called, sticking his head in the door again, "Y'really
"That sounds awful," he muttered, "And no wonder you're cold so much. I should get you a heated blanket."
"Almost done. About thirty left," he sighed, sitting heavily in his swirly chair, "There's a hell of a lot of stuff I'm getting, man. I think I'm gonna donate most of it to charity. I don't really need forty cars, do I?"
"I just want to have a normal night tonight." He said gently, giving a small hum. "Just... Kissin' and cuddlin', y'know?"
"So, Steve, how did you all find each other? I know the whole soulmate thing was a big deal to you, so I am curious." Peggy asked with a hum behind her tea. "Crikey O'Reiley, this is delicious."
"Well it might do you some good." Steve chuckled, hugging Tony. "It’s just me, anyway. You shouldn't have to be so flustered, babe."
Steve laughed softly, petting Tony's head and face. "It's just because you're hot, you goof.  'Course I'm going to feel cold." He responded sweetly, moving onto the bed with Tony and cuddling up to him gently.
"That's my fucking
"That's one way to do it." Steve chuckled, folding up a stack of clothes and following the boy.
"Is this okay?" Tony asked quietly, looking at Steve gently. "I know Raavi can be a bit much when you first meet him. Especially since you don't really have much experience with people to begin with."
"This is the spot for a mural." He hummed to himself happily.
"Aweee," Peter grumbled, petting Sammy quiet, "Can we get a puppy?"
Steve looked over at Tony, speaking to him in thought.
"Yeah, I can see that," Bucky hummed, taking Natasha's cell from her hands, "Ooh, Stevie-boy, are you in for a
"Mmhp."
"You--" Tony panted, waiting to catch his own breath, "--You have no idea what you do to me, Stevie. None."
"Uh... no. Nope! Okay, bye!" Steve said quickly, diving into the water and swimming away.
Sammy garbled at his daddy for attention, blowing some more kisses over at Tony.
Steve knew that was true, but he tried to ignore it due to other reasons buzzing through his brain.
"A--ah! So good, Tony, so good..." He moaned against the desk.
"Steve," he wheezed again.
Steve whined gently as Tony's fingers left, being tugged into the other room soon after. He walked over to Tony in the chair with a nervous flutter, crawling over his lap.
"Kay, munchkin. I'm squeezing in next to you, okay? Nice and careful."
"It's the small people that build up the large companies, Gene," Tony replied, a smirk slipping onto his lips, "But if you do feel that way, I'm sure I can pull funding from this building, maybe send a few guys into your hardware? Dig up some stuff?"
"We can talk about it and check it out later. Right now, Peter still has a surprise to see?" He pointed out, wide grin on his lips.
A small knock was at the door, causing Steve to go rigid as Tony's hand kept pumping him faster.
It was easy enough to get onto the computer, bringing Jarvis into the main files.
Sammy whined at that, reaching up to pat at Peter's face.
"You've got it functioning! That's great, Tony!" She grinned.
"Y'do, huh?" Steve questioned, massaging Tony's cheeks gently. "You like when I do this?"
"Oh! I just have to finish up the sides and by that time the ham should be done." Steve stated, patting Tony's arm as he stood to head back to the kitchen. "Let Peter wake up in a little bit for dinner, all right?" He whispered, leaving the group to mingle.
"I'll come wake you up when dinner's done, okay? I'm making spaghetti." He hummed, kissing his forehead.
He sighed, turning to thunk his head against Steve's chest.
"We'll get a little play pen, don't worry," Tony soothed, reaching over to smooth Steve's bangs back, "Don't be nervous. It can't be worse than Peter hiding from us for three hours until we called the cops."
"You could tell he was cut?" Tony asked.
"Mmm..." Steve hummed lowly, running his tongue along the underside of Tony's cock. He kept going down until he felt it hit the back of his throat, starting to bob soon after with low moans.
"Everything's cool. Why you ask?".
Steve gasped and moaned under Tony's touch, hips picking up pace as he moved on Tony's cock. "Soon...Too soon, babe." Steve warned, feeling the warmth build up in the pit of his stomach.
Clint plucked Peter from Tony's arms, waving him toward the door.
"You think they'll be okay?" Steve asked quietly, grabbing a bit of the bassinet to move.
"Your turn." He answered softly, running his hands along Tony's chest. "Do what you'd like, but your turn."
Sammy giggled, happily burrowing into Steve's neck as he was carried downstairs. He perked up at the sight of Peter, reaching out for his brother.
Steve finished his current sip of his tea before he began explaining.
"I used to think about getting fucked by Clint. I bet his dick's
He slid down to the ground, taking a deep breath while counting in his head, feeling a bit exhausted from how fast his emotions were swinging him. Tony spent his last bout of strength to crawl up onto the bed, keeping himself warm in Steve's hoodie.
"M'fine," he lied, wincing.
Tony seemed to be busy zipping everywhere getting everything else ready, so Steve though that he could make small talk with Bruce. Before he could say anything though, Bruce beat him to the punch.
Sorry for such a wait. Hope this chapter is good for you after all this time!
Steve gasped awake, clutching tightly at anything at arm’s reach.
"Steve?" He croaked, "We got a problem."
"Yes," he whispered, "Please, Steve."
Tony held out his hands, sighing happily when the warm cup was given to him.
Peter bounced back to the couch, grabbing one of Sammy's spit bibs to lay over his lap, patiently waiting for Steve to bring the baby over. Steve headed onto the couch, carefully passing Sammy over to Peter.
, Steve thought with a sigh, quietly watching the fish swim by.
"Nobody does. I used to be sick all the time when I was your age." Steve hummed, backing sure Peter didn't fall off his stepstool. "Luckily though, my Ma was a nurse, so she knew how to take care of me."
"Daddy's mean to meeee," he whined.
"Who's the guy?".
He smooched Peter's forehead and the boy's wet curls. "The baby coming here just means we gain more love to give. Doesn't mean we take away our love for you and give it to him. You're our first baby, and we could never take that special love away."
"They were right. I'm the noisy one. Sorry, I tried not to." He panted, shutting his eyes for a few seconds and reaching for Tony's hand.
He laughed softly and unlocked the car, buckling in the sleeping child before turning to Steve to look at Sammy. With a tentative hand, Tony tucked the blanket around the baby before taking him from Steve to put the baby into his car carrier, taking the time to make sure he was completely secure. Taking a cautious breath, Tony climbed into the passenger seat, reaching over to take Steve's hand.
"Can we have waffles f'brea'f'st?" He asked, batting his eyelashes up at his Papa.
"I did eat all da food, Daddy." Peter parroted, looking up at Tony with big brown eyes.
"Great. I'll come pick him up, give him something to soothe his belly before I get there?" Tony was already up off the bed, pulling on his shoes.
"Alright. I won't comment on it. Only because I think you'd be crazy without sex for a whole week." Steve chuckled, kissing the top of Tony's head. "But it'll be fine with the lovey-dovey things. You'll get used to it soon enough.”
"Mostly things that look interesting to me." Steve stated, looking around at some of the things. "Honestly, some of these things look like they could double as torture devices."
"Okay. Since we are going by looks, my Q for you is 'why art?'. With your build, you totally look like a sports buff.".
"I know you're gonna go out and fuck that boy again, Steve. I would teach you a lesson, but if you want me to stop, I will." Tony pulled his hand away again.
"Daddy!" Peter groused, rubbing his head.
"Everyone, need a quick meeting in the living room, please." He called, grabbing pen and paper and beckoned everyone towards the living room and scooping up Peter.
"Sort of. It'll be hyphenated." Steve said with a smile.
"Maybe this wouldn't happen if you actually went out and practiced on the shooting range?".
"Okay, c'mon, you can do better," Peter teased, waiting for Sammy to crawl back over to him, "You've done it b'fore!"
Comments always appreciated!
Tony melted over Steve, giving himself a moment to come back up before pulling off, flopping down on the bed next to Steve.
"Yeah, we don't want you's eatin' deh cwayons eider," Peter deadpanned, smirking to himself. Sammy whined softly, sniffling as he tried to burrow himself into Steve's warmth.
"I'm sorry, Sir." Steve said, trying to hold in a playful laugh at the word use, "I cannot help that he likes to look at me in such a way. I could be wearing an outfit covering everything, and he'd still find something to ogle at."
The second time Tony woke up, the drugs weren't as heavy on his mind, giving him some semblance of sentience. He looked over at Steve, not surprised to see the blond curled up in his chair, asleep. With a sigh, Tony tugged out his IV, sitting up and stretching.
, normal greetings printed over their hearts on their chest.
your PA, remember." Steve responded with a stretch, moving to go get dressed as well for the day. "What sort of work are you needing to do?"
The man gently grabbed Steve's arm to lead him to the changing rooms, motioning towards Tony as well.
"You must be real excited if you're willing to take a bath." Steve chuckled, petting Peter's hair. "We want him to come home, too. And soon he can meet the rest of his family."
"Daddyyyyyy, time to get up, we're goin' to the 'quarium!" Peter yelled, bouncing all over the bed, "Daddy daddy daddy daddy--"
He ruffled Peter's hair before helping him up to the sink to wash his hands.
"Mmhm." Peter yawned again and rolled over, snoozing away.
He walked over to go slip on his own pajamas, sitting on the edge of the bed and watching Tony search around. "What are you looking for?"
"Do not fuck a puddle, Steve," Tony deadpanned.
"Sammy thinks you do things just fine, bubba. And Daddy is right, everyone makes mistakes." Steve said gently. "It makes us human. Plus you're young, so you are bound to make mistakes to learn from, bubba."
"Maybe--" Tony bit his lip again, rolling over so he rested on Steve's chest.
"Mmm,
"Correction.
"Steve, please," he begged, "Need you, love--"
Peter was already fast asleep between them, clearly worn out from his long day. "He was running around with some of my assistants," Tony whispered with a giggle, "Poor kids been playing all day, no wonder he's exhausted."
more than I usually do," Tony replied in a clipped voice, easily scissoring Steve open again, "And you know you like it."
"Mhm. He wants kids," Tony murmured, leaning in to kiss Steve's neck, "But he doesn't think birdbrain wants any, and he's terrified to ask Nat. I told him if they said no, I'd get him eight dogs to make him feel better."
Steve hummed softly as he finished up his work, tugging down at Tony's pants. "Feels like I got most of the knots out now." He stated, started to slowly massage Tony's cheeks.
"That there is dedication." Steve chuckled softly with a smirk. "I don't think I could physically get myself to stay in bed like that." He admitted.
"Um, another question." Steve said again softly. "I hope I'm not prying too terribly, but what condition are you referring to? If it’s too personal or anything, forget I asked it. Don't mind my question, please."
"Ah. Okay. Good to know then that sushi can be put back on the menu." Tony said with a playful smirk, taking his bite of the fish."Probably would be more of what you're used to, since its just prepared raw fish-- Steve, this is actually
Stevie.”
!" Peter cried, "I jus' wanna
Steve smiled softly at how big Peter was acting today. He was progressing great. But still, he didn't want the boy to grow up too fast too soon.
"I am no devil, I assure you." Steve grinned, looking to Tony. "Dinner's finished if you wanna wake up the munchkin?"
He smooched Steve's lips and stood from the mattress, padding over to the back of the garage to drag out the collapsible gazebo, easily setting it up over the mattress. He blew out the candles before climbing back into bed, snuggling back up to Steve.
"Be good? You don't know me, Miss Romanoff," Tony gasped, laughing, "I'll get you that number, but you can only have it when you come stay."
say those words in that order again. Ever."
"M'gonna get dwessed first," Peter replied, standing on his tiptoes to kiss Sammy's cheek before bouncing off for his room.
Peter sighed over the commotion, wriggling out of Tony's arms to go climb up into Bucky's lap.
"Hm." Steve hummed slightly, looking up at Tony. "It sort of tastes like a Tootsie Roll with the form of a Fruit Roll Up." He admitted.
house."
"Exactly what it sounds like, Pep. You've seen the movie right? Read the story?" He murmured, glancing over at Steve for a moment. "He was the one who pulled me out of the water when I was shot out of the sky. I know he doesn't look it, he looks a lot different than when I met him, but he's... He just wanted to see land. What it was like to be human."
Steve nodded, scooping Tony up carefully in a bridal carry and heading towards the bathroom. "After this we can go over to my place and get warm and cozy. I'll make some lunch and we'll talk about this 'personal assistant' business."
“And I’m fine with it as long as it keeps Cap calm,” Tony chimed in, crossing his arms and giving Bucky a quick nod, “And we could use you in a recognition test later if you stick around for his next change. See if he can tell that you’re his friend while he’s in furry form.”
"I don't particularly care for the guy, or rather he doesn't really care for me. The man works here at the university and doesn't even bother to TRY and see me.".
"Tonight we'll go back, and I want to collect a few samples of my own," he decided, "I'll have you look at them, maybe try to re-culture the tissues?"
He chuckled softly, nosing at Steve's hair before kissing his brow. "I love you too, sweetheart. More than you know..."
Tony held back his laugh, proud that he could keep a face set in stone. "Very well. On your feet," He ordered, already standing, "And bend over the desk."
"Papa, I can't weach d'flowah," Peter whined, fingertips grazing the flour box.
Steve flinch in realization.
' causing his mouth to hang open slightly at his friends in front of him. "Oh my god, Steve-- did you organize this? Holy
"That's the point of soulmates, Tony," Natasha said gently, "You have to let Steve in completely for the healing process to begin."
He paused. "Then again, she always looks like that."
"Not bad." The genius murmured, adjusting small knobs on the side of the device for a moment. "Okay, now I want you to try and say something for me."
Unsure exactly what to do, Steve moved a hand out to gently pet the bot's crane. This earned him some happy little beeps, a smile growing on his lips in response.
Steve chuckled quietly and nodded, settling around Peter and looking to Tony.
Steve was playing with Sammy as they waited in the dining room for Peter and Tony. He only knew the others had shown up when Sammy was throwing kisses over Steve's shoulder.
"Noooo! He's wounded me!" Tony put a hand on his forehead dramatically, gasping for air.
"Geezer probably did it on purpose," Clint snorted, "It's always the old people up to shenanigans."
"Okay. Might want to wake him up. Dinner's about done." He hummed, turning to kiss the corner of Tony's lips.
Peter looked out the window as they drove, anxiously bouncing in his seat.
Steve huffed softly under the blankets, giving Tony a careful look as he started to leave.
Tony sighed deeply, still not turning Steve's direction.
to you," Tony joked, leaning down to kiss his forehead, "Yeah, baby. We'll cuddle. Promise."
Peter sighed, but let Tony pick him up, waving sadly to everyone else as they trooped upstairs.
"Clint?" He whispered in a hoarse voice, vision horribly blurry without contacts or glasses.
He reached out and snagged Steve's hand, attempting to pull him back toward his bedroom.
"Am I still needed to answer his question, Mr. Stark?" Sam asked curiously, looking between Tony and the direction Steve had left to.
"What?" He snapped.
"Okay, Pete. You'll get to get up.
"Am I? Does that mean you'll make me breakfast in bed?" Tony grinned up at Steve, leaning up slightly to grab a kiss. "Or wake me up with morning sex. That works too."
"So, when are you going to tell him?".
"You need to go apologize to your father," Tony said quietly, rubbing the boy's back, "And make it
Tony nodded, relaxing into Steve's kisses.
"You--ah--you can move, baby. You're good." He gasped as he slightly rolled his hips.
"Stay little?" Tony muttered, mostly to himself.
"Relax, hon. That's a good boy," Steve purred, kissing at Tony's temple and waiting to feel the man adjust. A moment later, he began to stretch Tony, slow and gentle in his movements but getting the job done.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Steve shook his head softly, wriggling his backside playfully.
Steve nodded, finishing up his plate. "That sounds like it would be neat to have. We need to just start writing things down that we want house-wise in a notebook or something." He hummed.
"I love you," he whispered, soon relaxing as the others scooted up to him, body warmth filling him.
"I know, it's just... Stupid for me to get all worked up about things from ten-plus years ago," Tony muttered, letting Steve take him upstairs.
gettin' marewied," Peter scrunched his nose, "I don' wanna kiss
"Yeah. He's a super ducky today, doh." Peter explained as if it were so simple. "He's savin' da people whose boats messeded up 'n lettin' 'em ride on his back to da shore."
"Correct. You like what you see, Tony?" He chuckled playfully, picking gently at a bow in the front. "When was the Declaration of Independence signed?"
"Yeah, ba ba yourself," Tony rolled his eyes, standing with Sammy, "Time to put you to bed, chatterbox."
"It's not
"Talked about? No. Last I remembered I passed out in the lab," Tony replied, giving Steve a look. He paled slightly, then coughed. "Why? What did I say?"
"It has a guesthouse, too?" Steve asked surprised, looking around at the rooms.
"So I'm thinking we decorate the room
Steve hummed in affirmation, giving Tony an eskimo kiss. "Absolutely great-- so when exactly are we planning this little field trip, anyhow?"
"No sad talk, Steve, I'm so tired, I might cry and god knows Peter'll wake up and cry with me," Tony breathed, curling up into Steve's warmth, "I need, like, a five hour energy. Or coffee."
baby--" He groaned loudly, tugging Steve's hair.
"Its definitely weird to here that mermaids are definitely not the stretch of imagination in this film." Tony chuckled, urging Steve to continue. "So whats on your mind?"
And here they were now, hanging out in the art studio finger painting together.
"Yes. Yes I would." Steve answered back softly. "We probably wouldn't gotten along as quickly, but I have no doubt we would've ended up together eventually. And we have too good of a thing to give up on. So yeah, I'd still stay."
"S'not true." Steve murmured, leaning with the kisses and stroking at Tony's sides. "I just like when you fuck me in general. Feels great."
Peter just stuck his tongue out until Steve caught his eyes, smiling innocently at him.
Tony turned around, keeping his gaze down until he could hear Steve's footfalls come back; he turned to bury his face in Steve's chest, wrapping his arms tightly around him.
"I really hope you like the place," he hummed, pulling out of the complex and driving off towards the property.
not the one he goes to when he hurt himself and needs attention."
Steve headed into the workshop, a plate of food and a drink in hand once suppertime came around. He set the goods down on the table and walked over to where Tony was working, shaking the man's leg lightly to announce his presence.
"We all good? Good. It's-- what time is it? I'm thinking nap time," Tony babbled.
He stole another kiss before sweeping Peter up, making dinosaur-growling noises at him as he carried the squealing boy over to the couch.
"Be good! Love ya, munchkin! We'll get you first thing in the morning!" Steve yelled, waving as Bucky's car started to pull away.
"Nuh uh, m'pretty sure y'havin' a baby," Peter protested, "I can
"Hi, munchkin. Heard you had fun today with Daddy." Steve said with a soft smile.
"If I was that damn conceited and didn't want you just because you have scars, do you really think I'd still be here?" He said loudly so Tony could hear him over the water. "Everyone has scars, be they physical, emotional, or both. And I love you. All of you. And I just-- I just want to stop you from having to hurt anymore..."
"Baby," he started softly, "was that... Was that too far? Did I take it too far?"
"So, what would you like to do first now that I'm officially yours, Mr. Stark-Rogers?" He whispered playfully, raising a brow.
Tony quickly padded over to Peter's room to grab a pair of long socks out of his drawer, rolling his eyes.
"We love you, sweetheart, you're ours and you're not going anywhere," Tony told him seriously, "I promise you that."
Steve nodded silently, nudging contently at Tony's hand from being petted. He wasn't sure how much he would like this, but it was something new to try and he would try it.
"...Yeah. You're definitely drawing more of that. And Iron Man. I'm assuming
'You want to eat it?' Steve asked surprised, following Tony along in the kitchen while the other looked for plates. 'But its burnt...'
He sighed loudly, pouting up at Steve.
"Look,
"Oh God, Tony. What did I do? You're bleeding." Steve said with an apologetic look. "I should've-- I'm sorry. Can-- Can I move you to the couch? Would you be okay?"
"Oh, I'm well aware," Tony laughed, running his hands up Steve's inner thighs, "All the better reason to punish me, officer."
"You can't-- It's not your fault, bambi," Tony replied quietly, putting the blade on the tub's edge so he could lace his fingers with Steve, "I need it, sometimes. It helps."
"Butterfingers! U! DUM-E! Daddy brought a friend for you to meet!" He called out, three metal masses starting to move around and whir. One started to roll forward before Tony tutted.
"Those are some profound thoughts about a robot." Bruce hummed as he came in from the guesthouse, being followed by a small, sleepy group.
The blonde responded with a chuckle of his own.
When Sammy was fast asleep, Steve headed to Peter's room, knocking softly on the door.
Sammy batted back at Peter, pushing himself up to try and get over to him, only to fall over again. His lip wobbled slightly, but Tony got him up, smooching his cheek.
He hung up and turned back to look at Steve, quiet for a moment.
"Sorry! Sorry. Didn't mean to squish you." Steve said with an embarrassed grin, looking at the ring then back to Tony.
Tony kissed him silent, bringing his hands up to cup Steve's cheeks. He kissed on his lips and nose and jaw and forehead and any available skin expanse in reach, gently pushing him back down onto the bed.
"God bless America," Tony saluted him, lips screwing up from attempting not to laugh, "Should I sing?
Steve couldn't help but smile at the way Tony walked in.
"Three and a half, to be exact." He pointed out. “And I would think that a good idea. Just not sure if it’s too soon after yesterday's fiasco to whisk him away somewhere."
think you're a woman, right?" Tony sighed, "You honestly looked like you were gonna throttle me."
"We'll have time for all of that, Tony. I promise." Steve said with a soft chuckle, kissing Tony softly. "We'll sort things tomorrow and we'll go whenever you want. I want to officially be yours. Officially be your cheeseball." He laughed. "Nothing would make me happier."
Tony sighed and sat on the floor.
"Well, I'm not going to deny that." Steve gasped, rocking back onto Tony's fingers with a moan.
"You're fine, Miss Carter," Tony smiled, letting Steve take Sammy, "Would you like a cup of tea? I have earl grey imported from the original Twinnings factory, if you'd like any."
"You.....you cheeseball. That's literally all I can say," Tony sighed, smooching Steve back, "Alright. We can do this. I think. I hope. Stats aren't looking good, but the Stark's have a way with odds." He smiled, one of the first real ones in the past days, burying himself in Steve's warm chest.
“Babe, its okay. We’ll find her. Dodger and I will help you look,” Steve assured with a soft smile, glancing down at his Sylveon, “Right, buddy?”
Steve snickered on his way to kitchen, actually surprised Buck was the one hobbling out of them. He heated up the waffle iron happily with a hum, staring at his ring finger happily as he cooked. Bucky, Nat, and the others were clean and in the kitchen within the hour, gathering around Steve and his waffle iron. Natasha took notice of the ring first, but decided not to mention it, only to be interrupted by a large shout of "
In the tub, Peter sniffled, staring at his now wet socks. He'd forgotten to take them off, but was too upset to do anything about it now. The warm water was filled up to his chest, and he stared down at it, watching a stray tear plop into the water.
good. Nice and cold." He preened under Steve's hand, purring in content.
"I'm alright," He mumbled quietly, "Just--It's been a long,
"Sounds good to me. As long as it’s all fair." Steve smiled, kissing the top of Tony's head. "We'll have to make sure everything is set up before people move in, though. Could take a bit." He hummed.
soulmate, I love you," Tony breathed, "A-ah, Steve, p-please, feel so good, o-oh--" He moaned again, vision starting to blur.
"M-mm."
He paused and let his voice fade, face screwing up slightly.
Steve went lax against the desk, panting and toes twitching as he started to fall from his high. He breathed heavily, trying to relax and reaching upwards to grasp at Tony.
Cabins, Babies, and Yellin's.
Tony glanced at Steve over his sunglasses.
Steve's frame was skinny and looked like he could break if you touched him. The most miraculous thing though was that he had legs, and was very naked, save for the bag barely clinging to his shoulders.
"G'night, baby bear." Steve whispered, kissing Peter's forehead before turning the light off and cracking the door.
"Fuck--" Tony greedily moaned into the kiss, scratching his nails down Steve's back. He lifted Steve up slightly, giving himself room to thrust up into him.
"He's been through a lot," She murmured, putting an arm around Clint, "I'm sure he'll give you details. We didn't really know until Clint walked in by accident."
"Will you stay?" Steve asked softly from the bed, Tony stopping part way from pulling his pants on when he heard the question. "At least for the night? I don't... I don't think I want you to go yet. It was too quiet with you gone today and I just... Please?"
The blond took his hands and cupped Tony's cheeks, caressing them softly as he brought them in for another kiss. Tony huffed a laugh at that, languidly kissing Steve before reluctantly pulling back, slipping in a second finger to scissor him open.
And with that, Steve raced towards the dean's office.
His arms shook as he held himself up above Steve, carefully pulling out and flopping down next to him. Reaching up, Tony brushed the sweat from Steve's brow, giggling softly.
Tony helped Steve ride it out, barely able to keep himself up as he pulled off, wheezing.
"Love you," he mumbled.
"Well I love it. So don't stop it." Steve chuckled, leaning more into the touch, almost like an animal wanting petted. "Moments like this, all nice and quiet but not all awkward are moments I love having with you." He whispered sweetly.
"Nothing," he murmured, starting to play with his phone again.
He swallowed, quickly devouring his breakfast. Up on his feet, Peter put his dishes in the sink, obviously ready to go.
"Good," Tony breathed, trailing his fingers down to Steve's lips before pulling away, "Love it when you mark me." He whined out of need, reaching down to touch himself.
"I'm sure he'll say yes. He told me that was his Christmas present to us; take Peter anytime we need alone time." He smiled, softly playing footsie under the blankets.
Peter sighed and finished off his apple juice, rolling his eyes.
Steve gave a gentle nod, eyes still shut. "Haven't been sick in a long time..." He sniffled. "Sometimes I forget how much I hate it. I'm in good hands, though...Thank you, Tony..."
Peter pouted and crossed his arms, glaring up at Tony, who still hadn't let him go.
"I know, I'll back off when they are older." Steve whispered with a hum, setting up the blankets for when they would lay Sammy down to sleep.
Tony went quiet for a moment before smiling softly, reaching out to ruffle Peter's hair.
"Yeah," Tony replied softly, leaning up to press a kiss to Steve's chin, "Our young days of being reckless and in love. Now we're just parents in love."
Steve's hands moved all along the sides of Tony's face tenderly and petted at Tony's hair in praise, keeping his hips from twitching forward into the warm, moist heat.
"Fuck
"Steve? Everything okay?" Tony hobbled down the steps, managing to get over to the couch while looking between them.
Tony pouted, giving Steve doe eyes. "Meanie," he whined, sticking out his lower lip, "Very mean." With his pout, Tony put his breakfast dishes on the nightstand, biting his tongue as to not smile and give himself away.
Anticipation stirred arousal in Tony's stomach, making his cock twitch as he was led over to the desk. Steve pressed Tony’s face down gently against the desk, hovering over the man softly as he searched for that new bottle of lube.
"Whatcha cookin', buttercup?"
Peter looked up at the doctor slowly, giving a half shrug. "Shrimps made me go into anafi-- an-- 'm allergics..." He murmured.
"Long story short," Tony continued, "its a mechanical replacement voice box. Chalk it up for the 'Little Mermaid Loophole'." The man grinned triumphantly.
"Don' feel good," Pete whimpered, still rubbing tears from his face.
"Well, eat your breakfast first," Tony laughed, setting it in front of the boy.
"Yes, dear," Steve smirked, quickly wiping up the crumbs.
"You did so well with the comic, it's--I love it, Steve, and I know Pete does too," he murmured, lacing their fingers together, "You know, I bet--"
Steve huffed, looking around at the mess again with a nervous squeak as he took pictures of it, sending it to Tony before he worked on cleaning.
"I think it’s cute." Steve admitted. "At least he understands you, so it’s not a total loss." He grinned. "So how long have you lived here? I haven't seen you around until today, and I've lived here a few years.".
"What happened, Tony?" The blond asked softly, brushing Tony's bangs back gently. "What's wrong?"
"You are too hot for your own good." Steve said quietly once he eased down from his high, wrapping arms around Tony and hugging him close.
sick."
"I did?"
Steve nodded softly with a hum.
"...Gwen's parents are gettin' divor'sed," he eventually admitted, trying to not look too upset, "I don' wanna get marewied an' get divor'sed."
"Steve," he whined, guttural moans coming from his throat.
Sammy's having more breakthroughs. Also, special kissies.
"Well, it
Peter sat back down in his hammock, looking to Tony silently and shrinking back slightly.
"Uh huh. S'where Sammy gets it," Peter whispered back, grinning as he snuggled up to his Daddy, "Night night, Papa."
The boy nodded softly against Tony's chest, nuzzling into the shirt.
Steve fell back onto the bed, Tony pushing him back. "Not even sure why. Pretty bad that I can turn you on by doing absolutely nothing." He smirked.
"We all have not drank enough yet for you two to be handsy already. Save it until you are tipsy, at least,” She muttered.
good, huh Peter?" Steve said with a grin as the boy wiggled excitedly in his arms.
"Night, Papa."
In the dead of the night, Steve packed a few mementos to take with him in his satchel. He wanted to have something to remember Peggy, Fury, ... and Bucky by in case he didn't return to the sea for a long time. He would miss them, but this was something he needed to do.
Tony whined, hands drifting up to lay on Steve's chest.
"Okay. 3 months. 3 months, we can work with. That's a whole season." Tony sighed in relief, plopping down next to Steve on the couch with a sigh.
Peter nodded, grabbing the smallest gift first. He tore into it, casting a sneaky glance at Steve as he pulled out a couple shirts. With a contained sigh, he pushed the clothes to the side, tearing through boxes of legos, chemistry kits, algebra books, more onesie pajamas and finally an antique camera, complete with seven rolls of film. With all his gifts done, Peter grabbed his slightly-poorly-wrapped gifts for his dads, handing them each their respective package.
Steve continued to nibble, biting away at the parts not covering Tony's current half-erection. He honestly liked getting to play and tease Tony just a little. Never had the time to anymore.
Steve leaned his head onto Tony's shoulder, moving to kiss on his collarbone.
Tony tangled his fingers in Steve's hair and buried his face in his neck, sobbing deeply as he kept himself open, wave after wave of painful memories hitting him worse than Howard's whiskey bottles ever did.
," Tony groaned loudly, completely at Steve's mercy. He tipped his head back, chanting
"Just don't overdo yourself, okay? It won't be good to be both emotionally and physically drained." Steve said quietly, giving Tony a warm squeeze. "Trust me, it makes things worse."
! We've got your stuff. Now come help get it!"
Steve sighed back contently, peppering kisses on Tony.
"Okay, munchkin. You want help or--?" Steve started, Peter waving his hand.
"I'm sorry," he croaked, tears filling his eyes again, not quite able to get out his message.
"But you have the same problem." Steve explained simply, glancing down at the obvious tent in the crotch of Tony's pants.
"Oh." The blond replied, nodding carefully once he felt he understood the term better. " So, does that mean we're dating, Tony?"
He slumped against Steve's shoulder, tiredly limp in his arms.
Steve huffed a small chuckle, watching Tony just completely nod off. He brushed through Tony's hair softly as he shut his eyes for sleep. "G'night Tony. Sweet dreams..."
The boy nodded, penguin snug in his arms.
"You might have to have faith for the both of us for a little longer," Tony mumbled miserably, nuzzling Steve's cheek, "But, speaking of the baby. I think you should be the one to be used with the surrogate."
"It is cold out here, I guess. Sorry." He apologized carefully.
"Ah--
"Oh, poor dear." Peggy said concerned. "It especially doesn't look good when I was asking for you using your unmarried name." She hummed.
"You two look a little like a two-headed turtle like that." Steve grinned, seeing Tony holding back a laugh.
"Yeah, that sounds good," Tony murmured back, "But, on one condition.
"First off, about you slamming doors," Tony frowned, "You can't go around making loud noises like that. It hurts Sammy's ears, and startles him so he cries."
He laid back against the door, worries about what Tony could be doing in there.
knows it’s gross." He grinned, leaning over to steal another kiss.
"Thank you, Natasha." Steve stated with a smile in thanks. "What else is there that still needs to be brought in?"
Peter eagerly chowed down on his food, kicking his feet lightly against his chair; he turned to Steve, accidentally knocking his juice down the front of his pajamas.
"You don't really make it difficult to be, Tony." Steve noised softly, stroking at Tony's arms. "You turn me on on an everyday basis. You're perfect."
"Oops," he chuckled, leaning in to kiss Steve's cheek, "A little delayed gratification never hurt anyone, love."
"I do trust you. Just gotta trust myself." Steve said softly. "I know my strengths, but doing these things with you I tend to forget to control it better."
"Ah, Mr. Stark! Back again so soon?" A flamboyant man said cheerfully as they entered into a salon.
"Shh, don't be sorry Tony. It'll get better eventually, all of this. So don't be sorry." Steve said sweetly, leading them back to the bed. He slipped under the covers and waited for Tony. "I wanna cuddle with you right now though, so let’s worry about that at the moment, okay?" He smiled warmly.
Tony nodded and kissed Steve back, trailing after Peter to find the boy curled up in his hammock.
Steve almost had to gather up the composure to speak, feeling Tony open him up. "I dunno. I'm not sure if he's the jealous type." He explained. "I don't exactly go around with other people to know."
"You're very welcome, Steve." The genius replied nonetheless, about to speak again when JARVIS interrupted.
"Don't hold back on me, all right? Just let go when you need to let go. Come when you need to come, sweetheart."
"Hhh--wait--"
"Fuck, Steve, I--ah, not much longer--" he managed, turning his head to kiss the blond's cheek.
He patted the bed beside him, holding his arm out. Steve moved to the spot and laid down, taking a moment to settle in before turning towards Tony.
"I'd hope so," Tony mumbled back, kissing at Steve's neck before the theater lights dimmed, "I love you, I love you, I
"Aw, that's sweet Peter. Sammy just wanted kissies cuz he loves you." Steve grinned, sitting down next to all his boys.
He quickly changed him and put him in his bear onesie, scooping Sammy up before going and getting his teether ring.
Tony flicked his eyes up to Steve, slowly sitting on Pete's hammock so the kid could easily place the bandaids on him. With a slight whimper, Tony took off his t-shirt, trying not to wince at the boy's hands.
"All right, all right. Pizza nibbles for Prince Peter. Courtesy of Knight Papa, my liege." Steve said with a flair as he set the plate down in front of the boy, off to get their own plates.
He helped Peter eat a couple bites before returning to his own food, practically shoveling down the delicious alfredo. Looking up, Tony frowned at the look on Steve's face.
"Love ya, Papa. Love ya, Daddy." Peter said with a tiny wave. "I'll be otay, pwomise." He assured.
"Otay, Daddy. Papa! Go gets ready for da people!" He insisted.
Steve hummed happily as Tony spoke of this house, picturing it in his mind. It sounded wonderful.
"Yessir..." The boy murmured, holding onto a confused Sammy.
," Tony laughed, "That'll keep them away."
"Alright kid, wearin' me out," Tony grinned, "Wanna go on the swings?"
Steve smiled softly, blushing slightly as he started to sway.
"Enough talk. Need you, Steve,
"I'll build an alarm for the crib," He decided, "And Peter-- don't you
He breathed easy when he saw a little bear curled up to Tony. Steve sat at the end of the bed and gently shook both.
"Probably feels funny to him," Tony grumbled, gently playing with Sammy's hands, "It's rough, compared to the softness of everything else."
"We are
Tony grabbed Steve's lapels, kissing him till he felt him relax.
"Yes, he had been talking about you a lot for the past couple months as he worked on his project." Erin smiled warmly. Tony looked a bit embarrassed, realizing that his thought didn't stay with just him. His cheeks slightly flushed. Erin giggled lightly and lead Tony into the building.
Sammy cooed back in response, grabbing Tony's finger and trying to pull it to his mouth to gnaw on.
"And he has to be warm to be able to sweat it out so it
He rode through his orgasm, crying out as he felt Steve clench around him, sending stars to his eyes. Steve's head lolled back as he came, feeling's Tony's warmth inside him as they rode it out. He laid them back on the bed slowly, pulling Tony into a loving kiss.
He grinned, pulling up the rounded driveway of his dream house. Steve gawked out the window of the car at the house, absolutely smitten already with just the outside. It was an older house, but it wasn't deteriorated by any means. It looked well taken care of.
"Actually, it’s very possible to have both, if you want. I know a lab that could split the genome, or you could literally stuff both at once, if Nat's okay with stretching," He continued, ignoring the red fluster on Steve's face.
Steve tossed and turned in his sleep, temperature flashing from hot to cold. Under the blankets was too warm but out of the blankets was freezing. He whined softly in sleep, nose sniffling as he snored softly.
Tony put his hands behind his back, a nervous blush rising on his face. "Well, I--ah, Sir, I can't tell you," he mumbled, "You wouldn't like it."
He looked down at himself and burst into tears, only now realizing he'd wet himself on accident.
Tony fiddled with Steve's wedding band with his thumb, leaning up to smooch his nose.
"They feel so real. Like an actual fish. Not bad."
"Love you," Tony murmured.
"Uh, well not really a friend." Tony said carefully, rubbing at his chest where the arc reactor laid. "I used to have people over a lot. I may not know them, but I didn't care. Sometimes they stayed the night but left the next day. Pepper had saw many of those pass through over the years, so she assumed I was probably back to my old ways..."
"This is it," he murmured, bubbling with excitement, "Steve, oh my god, we just bought a
Before the men got anymore said, a red-headed woman strolled in, eyeing Tony carefully.
"It’s because we love each other like we do. You'll understand when you find someone of your own someday." Steve explained as they headed to Peter's room. "He's the only one ever that I've kissed like that, so its special."
"Not a loss at all," Tony murmured, drawing Steve in for a kiss, "Come on, you. I'm actually tired and I want to fall asleep in your arms."
Steve quirked his eyebrows at the younger man, giving him a faux salute.
"I haven't had you in me for three plus
He couldn't help the grin on his face, starting to right the tree.
Peter sobbed quietly, face still in his hands and buried into Tony's chest.
, yer gonna punish me anyway," he muttered, giving a few choice words under his breath.
Tony got quiet for a moment, fiddling with the bed sheet.
When Tony came in with the wine and glasses, Clint ooo'ed happily.
Steve smirked at that, working to try and line up with Tony.
"You're okay, you don't need it," he whispered to himself, ducking his head between his knees.
"Hey, you ask for that story," Tony pointed out, "Steve and I used to be neighbors, for eight years, and never knew the other one until our mailman gave Steve my Mechanic's Monthly by accident."
Steve stroked Tony's hair softly, nodding gently against him.
He turned back to his machine and continued his work.
He laughed softly, preening under Steve's touch.
"Gotcha some water here if you are thirsty and we are right in the other room if you need us, okay? Just call for us and we'll come running." He explained, tucking the boy in.
