They continued not to say much as they wandered around the path, past various themed gardens, small fountains, and then around a decently-sized fish pond.  John was thinking of nothing in particular, simply enjoying the weather, when Sherlock tugged on his sleeve.
“Ideally, you should have a tuba designed for left-handers.  Take your left hand, here,”  he says as he positions John’s hand, “to support the lean, like this.  Good.  And your right hand will go here, your thumb through this ring.  Good.”  Sherlock steps back to check the positioning.  He frowns, makes a few more adjustments and declares him all set.
He stood, then looked around.  What had Sherlock’s father hit his head on?  Likely the brick pavers around the centre bed, John reckoned.  Sherlock had seemed so sure that his father had not fallen by accident, and John was inclined to believe him.  A chirp from his friend the robin called him back to the present, and he checked his watch.  It was already late afternoon, and he was completely knackered, so he headed inside to freshen up.
John supposed it did, after a fashion.  He stood, stretched, went to the gents’ to empty his bladder and splashed some water on his face.  When he returned, Sherlock was reading something about the season’s latest trend in high heels (platforms are out!).  A much safer topic.  Nothing that might become suggestive.
The three of them cooked a late supper together, and Sherlock explained his plans of moving to London with John.
He forced himself through a breathing exercise, inhaling the smell of the thick, woollen carpet and trying to calm down.
“Vigilantism is incredibly intriguing,” mused Sherlock.  “I find it curious, what people find offensive, the lengths some people will go to right perceived wrongs.”
John shivered once more at the words.  “Well, I was.”  He huffed a laugh.  “Overly concerned, I suppose.  I’d never really done much exploration with it, and…”
“Without a doubt.  I find Hercule Poirot a bit tedious, but Miss Marple is a woman after my own heart.”
Well.  Now that was one hell of a way to open a conversation.  Her “employer”?  Who even said that, anyway?  Mobsters?  “OK,” he replied, baffled.
Maybe he should ask Sarah out; she’d shown a bit of interest, he thought.  Maybe they’d go out to see a movie, or have dinner together.  Keep it casual at first, move slowly.  Sarah was safe.  And pretty, and clever.
Watson saw it happen, three 20-calibre AK rounds made short work of the kid’s left leg, which was now nothing but a bleeding stump.  Jesus.  They were so outnumbered; poor intelligence.
It wasn’t long before they pulled off the narrow lane and onto a formal drive.  The manicured lawn was pristine beyond the tall trees that flagged the driveway, and when he saw the house proper, John couldn’t help but gape a bit.  There were so many windows, tall slim panes of glass tucked between ivy-covered stone walls.
Sherlock hummed appreciatively against his back, then tapped his hip and presumably went off to find the lubricant, wherever he’d stashed it.  Sherlock bashed into a few boxes on the way; John heard him curse under his breath.
John was fairly sure his heart had either just ripped in two or swelled to bursting.  Something knotted inside his chest, clenched in his guts, roiled through his blood, sent heat to his groin.
Sherlock took one final swig of the bottle.  “You have met my brother, have you not?” he said, as if it could not be more obvious.  “Well, my...my…” --he searched for a proper descriptor and came up short-- “my John.  I’m afraid it’s all gone,” he said mournfully, tipping the bottle upside-down.  “Luckily, we have arrived at our final destination.”
“You know,” says John, “Once we got these new tourniquets, really great devices, and I trained my entire unit with my fly open.”
He was back at Baker Street; they had just returned from a case and were high on adrenaline and success but soaked with rain, tumbling into the living room, shedding wet clothes, wet socks sailing across the room - and then they were in bed, giggling, rubbing their cold feet together, trying to get warm - and then there was Sherlock burrowing under the duvet, his giant hands finding John’s cold feet, rubbing them - and then there was warm, slippery oil on his...
Something about the tone of the postman’s voice suggested he wasn’t thrilled at the news.  It made John bristle. “Yeah,” he said curtly and handed the clipboard back to Owens.
“I could see things, even back then.  Understand people, read their signs in a way most adults can’t.  People see, but they don’t
“I care for my brother as well,” said Mycroft, sounding sincere.  “Although he attracts dangerous people.”
Sherlock ignored John’s last comment and finally sat back in his chair.  He had a penchant for pacing and waving his arms while told stories; now he was still.  He stared at the fire (unnecessary for the time of year, but enjoyable nonetheless).  “I rescued the cat,” he said at last.  “It’s the only pussy Mycroft’s ever stroked.”
, he’d said.  John wondered what their legacy would be, what Sherlock imagined it to be.  Would they grow old together, then?  The two of them, arthritic fingers and reading glasses?  What would they leave behind?  Years’ worth of blog posts, criminals behind bars, lives saved?
The beautiful gun was actually on display in a large room on the north side of the main hall.  John had taken to calling it the “safari room” in homage to the exotic taxidermy hung along its walls.  The walls were rich teak, making him feel as if he were in an old museum wildlife exhibition rather than someone’s personal estate.  It smelled vaguely of pipe tobacco and gun oil and woodsmoke: the massive stone fireplace had escaped conversion to gas and still burned real logs.  It was a place where men sat and sipped brandy while they told wild, exaggerated stories of their conquests and triumphs over the animal kingdom.  John didn’t necessarily condone the hunting of large African beasts, but it didn’t make him uncomfortable, either.  Harriet would have been mortified.
“Stop calling her that,” John admonishes, savouring his glass of Chateau Haut-Brion.  “Does she know you bought this place?”
“I would be delighted to,” John replied as earnestly as he could, if anything just to get Leybourne to back up, which he did.  “You really have an amazing place here.  Sherlock was just telling me about the gardens, but the spa is really something.  We met Lillian today and she was gracious enough to give us a tour.”
“Ah, yes.  Sergeant Sally Donovan.  Pleasure to see you again.  Oh.  Oh, I see.  Aiming high, aren’t you, PC. Anderson?”
.”  He copies my voice on the last word.  (He’s getting quite good at affecting my voice, actually.  It’s rather comical).  He pets at me a bit more, his fingers in my pubic hair, which has become rather crusty.  “Shower?”  He asks.  “Come on.  I’ll do your back.  Then, a nice hot meal.  And later?”  He elbows me a bit.  “I’ll do
I tell people they are idiots quite frequently for not being able to observe what is obvious.  Perhaps I am unfair (perhaps? ha!) because most people have allowed their senses to become dulled out of necessity.  Humans, bombarded with noise, learn to tune out others’ conversations, the hum and buzz of city life.  We dull our tongues with scalding coffee and too much salt, synthetic sweets.  Vision weakens due to the impact of time, genetic factors, and the constant bombardment of UV light. Our olfactory receptor neurons, however, remain fairly acute, and if we simply paid more attention the signals they send us, we would be a finer species for it.
While Willow Cross’ public areas were meticulously maintained, scrubbed, and polished by its overworked and underappreciated staff, the employees shared a neglected and rather shabby private space.
He stopped at an old birdbath, the basin of which held rainwater and old leaves.  He picked a few of the leaves out, and then, possessed by a sudden urge to make things
He’d gone to meet someone at the Jazz Cafe, a single mum he’d initially met while treating her daughter for tonsillitis. It didn’t take Sherlock’s powers of observation to see she clearly wasn’t over her ex.  She drank too quickly, as if trying to shrug off the past, and then she did shrug her shoulder out of her blouse as she danced.  Suddenly John felt entirely too old.  He made sure she got home safely and didn’t even feel the slightest urge to come in ‘for coffee’.  In fact, her perfume lingered on his shirt and smelled all
Semen burst from his body as words flew from his mouth: “I love you.  I fucking love you.  Oh God, Sherlock.  Love.  You.
John was nearly asleep when he realised Sherlock’s breathing had picked up, felt his heart hammering away through his back.  He’d barely noticed his erection, having grown used to the bulk of Sherlock’s genitals pressed against his bum as he slept.
“On the contrary,” said Sherlock, leaning in to place his wet lips to John’s ear.  John shivered as Sherlock’s hand trailed down his side.  “On the other hand, let’s stay in.  Can I touch you?” he whispered.
“Thanks, Mrs. Gant.  You’ve been very helpful.”  John helped her up; she was aging, and although she was still managing the bakery well enough, John knew that she wouldn’t be able to carry on indefinitely.  John accepted the baguette she wrapped for him and promised to let her know if they came to any conclusions.
“Yes,” he replied, panting.  He was truly working now, sweat gathering at the nape of his neck.  John could smell him, too, the somewhat metallic tang of clean sweat mingled with chlorine and sex musk.  “I can feel you
“No.  Boring.”  Moriarty checks his hair in the mirror once more before turning back to the room.  He lifts an apple from the decorative bowl and takes a bite out of it.  He makes a show of chewing and swallowing before he continues.  “No, Sherlock.  The final problem.  You and me.  I owe you a fall.”
.  Clearly that’s a sack of shite.  I don’t care who he was.  Do you know what he wanted?  Just get out.”
“What on earth are they doing, John?”  Sherlock asked, completely baffled as he tried to make sense of a 5K Colour Run that had apparently taken over the Estate Grounds for the afternoon.  John could see the “start” and “finish” flags flapping across the large expanse of field.  The massive stately home sat perched on a hill above.
He barely registered handing Sherlock the spent syringe before massaging the area.  “She’s definitely having an allergic reaction,” he told the group of concerned runners who knelt next to her.  They were all wearing t-shirts whose hems had been cut into something of a fringe.   “Something triggered it.  Are any of you family?”
“Best time to do that’s in the autumn,” said Lestrade.  “Not while it’s blooming, at least.  I can’t believe you’ve cleaned all this up.”  He looked around, smiling.  “And right under our noses, too.”
The answer slammed into his mind with such force that he actually gasped: tiny, thin needles / acupuncture / no visible puncture marks / euphoria-ecstasy-MDMA / addiction-withdrawal / Mrs. Jenkins / nine-vials-not-ten / pills-and-potions / robert-bobby / big-fish / ambition / murder / SHERLOCK.
Intimacy is...difficult for me, still.  I’m working on it.  I had insisted on refraining from sex while on a case, but that line of thinking ended with a spectacular row.  Sentiment
There are times when grown men will regress to twelve-year-old boys.  For instance, if boobs are involved: instant loss of maturity.  Or if their favourite football team scores one in the final seconds, a victory dance that might resemble flailing or a seizure might simply be necessary.  Even the most reserved of men can’t help but make a below-brow penis joke if there is one there for the making.  Even fewer can restrain themselves in the face of flatulence, which is why, when Greg Lestrade, Detective Inspector, let one rip there in the car, there was nothing to do but, well, regress.
“Okay.  Hmm.  Maybe… maybe it’s not a man.  Maybe it was a woman?  I’m sorry to ask, but was your father faithful?”
Lillian nodded and smiled at John and Sherlock and left.  The woman sat down, crossed her legs, uncrossed them, crossed them again, and then took a handkerchief from her handbag and actually went about wringing it.
The sun was high overhead and the garden was warm, its own self-contained little oven.  Bees lumbered around from flower to flower, their little legs laden with pollen.  John wondered if they were from Mr. Campbell’s hives, if for years they had remembered this secret spot, had flown over its walls to harvest its bounties long after tragedy had closed its door to the people who had loved it most.
Sherlock chuffed a bit and rubbed his head over the now-solid bulge in John’s pants.  The movement lifted John from a haze of expensive booze and priceless emotion.  “It’s too bad you couldn’t actually get one.  That thing with the feet.  Wow.  You know, I was thinking about you, you great  idiot, when I, uh, you know.”
John suffered through a relatively short week-long sexual identity crisis.  He had seen so many naked men; Sherlock’s flesh, however, held secrets John found himself longing to uncover: taste, scent, texture.  Sometimes he felt like a teenager all over again, body singing with the desire to rut and come.  Sherlock’s body was definitely male - but it was
The removal men brought out something that looked like a treasure chest.  It took both of them to carry it.
Sherlock’s breath on his ear -- and the words, oh God -- affected John immediately: the waiting area became instantly too hot.  His face flushed and sweat prickled under his arms.  He swallowed hard as Sherlock leaned back into his own space.
“No.  I meant it.  Let’s go into the village and poke around a bit.  Then we’ll head home.”  He leaned forward a bit conspiratorially.  “I believe there’s a bed to ruin there, too.”
Lestrade nodded.  “He’ll come around,” he said eventually.  “I wouldn’t worry too much.  He likes you.  I know it’s none of my business, but you’ve been good for him.  He’s...happy.  As happy as he gets, at least.  I’m not the least surprised he’s still around.”
There was virtually no one at the tiny platform when he arrived at Burnett Thwaite*, save a woman who looked as if she’d stepped directly out of a Boden catalogue.  She sat, typing away at her mobile phone, before pocketing the device in a fashionable tartan cape-type-coat that John imagined cost a fortune.  Her hair fell in waves under a woollen cap.  She wore tight corduroy trousers and tall leather equestrian-style boots that likely had never seen the sides of a horse, much less actual mud and dirt.  She held out her hand for a perfunctory handshake.
Sherlock finally turned and looked at John.  His eyes shone and his cheeks were pink, but besides that, he had schooled his features back into that impartial mask he wore whenever his emotions threatened to overwhelm him.
Sherlock sat, primly, on the chair across from him, put his elbows on his knees, steepled his fingers, and rested his chin on them.
“By all means,” said Leybourne, sitting down to join them and smiling broadly, revealing a mouthful of slightly discoloured teeth.  “I simply had to meet Holmes minor.  Mycroft’s full of splendid tales.”
Sherlock, on principle, does not succumb to embarrassment.  He learned to quash that feeling years ago, letting ridicule flow over him, through him.  But ever since John has entered his life, the emotion has reared its ugly head once more.  Sherlock remembers the first time it returned, too, as the drugs squad picked their way through his flat looking for cocaine (he honestly hadn’t had any at the time), an incredulous John looking on, already defending his honour.  It took him a full three minutes to identify the sensation: embarrassment, shame, feeling foolish and small.  John would be so disappointed.  For the first time in nearly two decades, Sherlock realised that he cared very much about what his flatmate through about him.  It should have been obvious, but it took a full six months before Sherlock finally identified
“Butcher in Leeds.  Helped him find a stolen chihuahua once.  His daughter’s boyfriend had taken off with it.  He’s been appreciative ever since.”
“That’s how she did it, then.  Inserted the needles without anyone knowing.  Got the client very relaxed, massaged them with some kind of numbing emollient, and then inserted the needles.  The client, face down and blissed out, would never know.  The drugs do their magic as she finishes the treatment.  Addiction is a side effect, one that conveniently keeps patients returning.  In Brian Holleran’s case, one too many times.  He died of serotonin syndrome, basically an overdose of neurotrasmitters.”
John was so intent on picking aphids off of Sherlock’s roses that he didn’t notice Molly slip into the garden until she was directly behind him.
Indefinite thanks to Bettyswallocks and Canola Crush for their bang-up beta work.  It's funny what happens with language when you put an American, Canadian, and Briton together. Why is a ladybug called a ladybird? It's not a bird!  It's a bug!!!  Ladybug!  I guess it should just be called "red bug with black spots".  Anyway, they do a wonderful job and I appreciate them both and their attention to detail.
“Jesus, John.  The man’s brilliant, but completely barking. I don’t know how you actually live with him.”
“Not a big deal.  My fiancee is constantly amused that I’m saving for our first flat by massaging other people - but she never laughs when I turn these magic fingers on her.”  He waggled his ‘magic fingers’ mysteriously.
“He’s no amateur, you know that.  And if you want to talk to him, I’m sure you know where his room is.”  John got up and rinsed his bowl.
“Excuse me.  I’m a doctor, and pardon me for saying so, but you don’t look like you’re feeling well.”
Sherlock sighed.  “Of course I’m OK,” he said, irritation creeping into his voice.  “Why wouldn’t I be OK?”
“I don’t,” says John, but the carol was his childhood favourite, and he’s in such good spirits tonight that he couldn’t help leading the chorus.
“No, the stems are too thin and floppy.  I don’t remember seeing him with pansies.  But look where I found it.”
“Mycroft didn’t let on, but it might be an opportunity to acquire some useful background.”  Sherlock took another sip of wine and stared out of the windows for a while.
John had already taken a crowbar to the door that housed my libido, and the rusted hinges have fallen off.  Right now, it’s raging.  My heart aches, I feel high as a kite, and my prick is positively throbbing.
As he followed Sherlock, who was walking with purpose, back to the room, he suffered a momentary crisis of performance anxiety.  He felt like a teenager, a young, inexperienced thing who was going to go off at the first touch.
“No,” replied Sherlock, depositing his phone again on the nightstand.  “The trial of Ms. Gleason and Leybourne Junior will be tedious, I’m afraid.  They’re denying everything. We’ll have to appear in court.”
Sherlock looked up, raised an eyebrow.  “Secret meetings in a locked garden, John.  It’s a storybook fantasy come to life.”
John stood and handed Greg enough to cover his share of the tab.  He held his hands out in a gesture of defeat.  “Duty calls.  Get him a case, okay?”
I see my reflection in the mirror.  Here I stand, nude, aroused and smiling to myself like an complete idiot.  Somehow, I find I could not care less about this spa and its little mystery.  Right now, the baser parts of my mind have chased away all rational thought and all that seems to matter is a physical manifestation of this feeling.  Desire.  Want.  To be desired, to be wanted.
John really was a horrible liar, so he simply told the truth.  He was finding it remarkably easy that day.  “Mycroft really did send us.”
On shaky legs, John made his way to the red padded chair and sat; it was a bit cold under his bare backside, so he pulled the old tartan blanket off the back, slung it over the chair, and sat back down.  He looked down at his lap, at the curving scar on his leg.  He traced it with his fingers, and then took himself in hand for a few leisurely moments of self-pleasure.
He found he was rarely hungry.  He drank tea, and when his blood sugar got so low he got the shakes he managed a few crisps and sometimes toast. Nothing even sounded good anymore.  Usually a man known for a bit of an unruly temper, John now found that very little -- not even the aggravating chip-and-pin machines-- roused his ire. Everything seemed so very pointless.
I have to admit I'm rather proud of myself for this chapter.  I'm really rather shit at writing case-based plot, and I came up with this one mostly on my own, and with some help from Canola Crush, who is very good at murders and motive, and BettySwallocks, who helped with all things British (and writing in general), it came together.  Thank you, readers, for helping to spread the word about this story that is so dear to me, and thanks for every kind comment and note -- I will try to respond to them all now that I have some more free time.
Sherlock lay on his back, John half on top of him.  John liked the tight, secure feeling of being sandwiched between the leather cushions and Sherlock’s body.  Sherlock was warm and smelled wonderful, and John took deep lungfuls of his scent through his nose, tasting the air.  Sherlock smelled masculine and downright sexy.  They hadn’t even done anything beyond sharing a few gentle kisses and Sherlock was aroused -- John could hear his heartbeat pounding away, saw the heaviness of his eyelids.  As for himself, he’d been hard at their first brush of lips but was deeply satisfied in just lying there, together, at last.
about him and what was so amusing about bodily functions anyway and why was John’s arse so perfect even if he did pass gas as he dozed on the sofa?  Why was he even looking?  Stupid betraying brain!
John stood, took the fragile rose from his hand, and placed it between the pages of his moleskine notebook.
They met Mike outside the Institute of Genetics, Health, and Therapeutics, where he greeted John warmly.
John wondered if it were always going to be like this, that he would have to near pinch himself to see if this were really happening, that he really was here, naked, aroused, pulse hammering away in his veins with Sherlock waiting, prone and vulnerable beneath him.  Sherlock’s arms lay limp by his sides, palms up.
Sherlock turned, put his arm around John’s shoulders, drew him in for a hug.  “I think I’m tired.  Do you think we can sleep now?” he asked softly.
“I would have loved to get a look around in there.  The fact that she locks it after hours, whereas the rest of the place is unsecured, can mean only one thing.”
John beckoned him back; he went.  “God, yes.  Monumentally relieved,” said John, taking Sherlock’s large hand and kissing the knuckles.  “Come here.  Sit down.  Let me explain.  ‘Raging size queen’.  Hmmph.  Oh my God, Sherlock, if you only knew.”
The road was bumpy.  They bounced up and down, the movement causing sweet friction, and desire, long-forgotten desire, blossomed in his groin.  “Hold tight,” said the voice-rumble.  “Move with me.”
“Jesus.  You probably hoovered up thousands of pounds’ worth of coke.  For free!  You probably winked or fluttered your damn eyelashes and that was that.”
John ducked into the shop and patted the head of an old wooden horse that had somehow lost its merry-go-round companions.  Mr. Chapman called her “Bessie”, and she stood guard next to a small display of Mr. Campbell’s local honey.
“Do you really want to have sex with me?”  He asked this one quickly.  Maybe he had dreamed it all.  This was Sherlock, after all, Sherlock who usually claimed sex was unnecessary.
Neither could Sherlock, who was lost in the dual sensation of the soft fur of the muff and the hot velvet of his lover’s erection against his own.
It had been too early to go to bed, yet with every passing hour Sherlock grew even more fidgety and sullen.  Thankfully John had had the foresight to pluck a robust Valpolicella from the boxes as they’d packed up the wine cellar.  They had found two lonely, mismatched tea-cups to drink from, and John used the corkscrew attachment on his Swiss Army knife to open the bottle.  They sat on packing crates in the kitchen and drank toasts to the house, their past, and their future.
“It’s our own walled garden,” Sherlock replied, peeling off his t-shirt and slipping out of his pyjama pants before climbing into the bed himself.  “Are you chilled?”
“You may as well let her go to Glastonbury,” Sherlock says, recalling the last major spat between the two Watsons.  “She’ll definitely get very muddy and quite possibly drunk, but she’ll be perfectly all right.”  Rosamund Mary Watson might be five foot two, but she’s been taught self-defence by two men who know how to fight.  “Get your coat.  Dinner.”
He pushed the red “end” button and gave the phone back to Owens, who was still looking at him as if he were a door-to-door salesman.  “Thanks.  He’s working on something, but said he’d come.”
“Yes, more or less,” replied John.  “I think what Sherlock’s trying to say,” he said to Holmes the elder, "is, um, thank you.  For, yeah.  The lovely weekend.”
“Might have won it, actually,” laughed Lestrade.  “Pretty messed up case, though, eh?” he asked, changing the subject as a waiter approached with a tray of pastries and fruit.  Sherlock grabbed an apple and bit into it as aggressively as he could.  Only Sherlock could make the simplicity of eating an apple into an act of hostility.
“Might do.  Interviewed yesterday in Leeds. Bit of a whirlwind, all of this.  It was just a whim, and now I apparently have a landlord who buys my clothing and carries my entire life in his briefcase.”
“I’m actually tired,” Sherlock replied, turning so John could spoon against his back.  “You’re warm.”
Sally inhaled and for a brief moment looked as if she were going to stand up and leave.  Instead she focused herself.  She swallowed hard, then began.
The night before they moved out they were both out of sorts; Sherlock was moody and John was feeling sentimental, so they decided to break open a bottle of wine and drink a toast to Holmes Hall, to the past and to the future.  After the first bottle they went skinny-dipping in the pool which led to in-pool kissing and groping; they chased each other, naked and dripping, back to John’s room, where they enjoyed a playful romp that culminated in Sherlock riding John backward on the old red chair.***
John shot him a quizzical look when the waiter retreated.  He opened his mouth to speak but was cut off.
They sat there like that, grinning stupidly at one another, before Sherlock removed his hand from John’s chest, placing it on the side of his face.  “You need to shave,” he said lightheartedly as John leaned into the touch.
John chews his lip.  “Loved,” he finally says.  “Past tense.  Very, very past tense.”  His love for Mary flared to life and burnt itself out before Rosie was even a year old.  What he feels for Sherlock, though...that has continued burning, even when it seemed that their friendship was beyond repair.  He fiddles with his ring.  It no longer spins easily on his finger.  Even if he took it off, his finger would be misshapen for a long time.  He should get it cleaned, polished.  Maybe resized.  Worthy of the person he still wears it for.
with his hips.  John was strong.  John was determined.  John could fuck him so relentlessly that he saw stars or make love to him so tenderly he wanted to weep.  Sherlock thought John was very, very good at sex.
John looked around, checked a small clock above the sink and saw that only 10 minutes had elapsed.  Where was Sherlock?  Still in the house?
It was on one of these paths now that they were walking, killing time before Sherlock was treated to a shortened version of “The Fountain of Youth.”  How Navya managed it remained a mystery, but Lillian had agreed to do the package sans bath and rest time, eliminating two hours from the original version.  John wasn’t keen on Sherlock being the test subject, but he had insisted and John simply couldn’t convince him otherwise.  Until then, they’d enjoy a stroll.
“What about them?”  Something told John he was heading into dangerous territory.  Surely Sherlock wouldn’t go
“No.  If this is your way of coming on to me, it’s all wrong.”  He’d meant it as a joke, but it came out flat and awkward.  “Look, I know exactly what you’re doing.  You are
They walked back quietly, occasionally brushing hands.  John could sense Sherlock looking at him, and John didn’t even try to suppress the smile that pulled on his lips.  He was profoundly happy.  And in love.
“He does eat,” confirmed John, unfazed. “After cases, usually.  Loads of takeaway.  Not sure what he does with it, though.  No...evidence...in the bathroom.”
“It just doesn’t make sense.  She should have those diplomas on the wall, or have started her own practice instead of staying here.  Even so, she manages the spa.  Couldn’t she just offer acupuncture as one of the packages?  Something’s going on behind those closed doors she doesn’t want publicised.”
In turn, Sherlock examined John’s scar.  He asked no questions, but he chewed his lower lip and ran his fingertips over it.  To John’s amusement, Sherlock seemed particularly affected by scent, and nosed behind John’s ear, under his arm, the back of his knees, and the crease of his groin.
The heat finally broke the next day in the form of a torrential rainstorm.  Great sheets of it came sweeping across the moors, and John fell asleep listening to it pelt against his windows.  In the morning, the gusts of wind grew strong enough to break small branches off the trees, and John was thankful he didn’t have to go to work in such dreadful weather.
Sherlock caressed John’s hip, back, and shoulder, his long fingers tracing patterns on the skin as it cooled.  Emotion threatened to boil up and over: for as wonderful as he felt, high on sex hormones, John found himself swallowing down a tightness in his throat.
“You’d need a chainsaw to get through all of this,” he muttered as John approached.  “Good God.  How did you ever get in here?”
Sherlock actually looks hurt, and quickly tries to cover his gaffe.  “Fine, whatever, it was just a suggestion.”
Sherlock gathered his energy, flipped over and sat up.  He took John’s face in his hands and kissed that nose, very gently.  “I love your nose,” he said pointedly, knowing full well that it was John’s least favourite feature.
“We’re going out,” he announces, crossing his hands behind his back.  Usually he comes in, hangs his coat on the peg by the door, and collapses in John’s favorite chair or raids the fridge.
“Check the blog,” said John as he tucked his wallet into his back pocket.   Since he’d written up the case about the cat and their adventure at Winnicott Hall, Sherlock had solved three new crimes.  Apparently Mrs. Hudson had told half the village about John’s blog, and the inhabitants of Burnett Thwaite must be more internet-savvy than John had thought, for nearly overnight his blog erupted with hits.  Sherlock’s stagnant blog began to see some steady traffic, and people began posting inquiries, most of which the detective (rudely) declined, citing them as boring.  He devised an interest-rating scale, and decided anything over a 4 was worth leaving the house for.  Sherlock told John that he’d even had some business cards made up and a box of them delivered to Sgt. Sally Donovan, just in case she needed his assistance.
He awoke in the morning with another erection -- and a bit stuck to his sheets.  John ran himself a bath and spent a good hour getting to know himself again.  He delighted in all of the sensations he’d forgotten he loved: palming his balls, gently manipulating his foreskin, thumbing the frenulum, watching the glans poke out of the circle of his fingers as he thrust into his hand.  Firm strokes and soft caresses, pressure on the perineum, a fingertip fluttering against and then just inside the anus.  He savoured the building pressure, the tightening in his pelvis, the way his legs shook and his buttocks clenched as he grew closer to release.  He thought of nothing and no one, simply enjoying the sensations, remembering how much he could enjoy pleasuring himself.
“It’s a strange physical feeling,” continued Sherlock.  “Love.  I’d never actually believed that love manifested itself physically.  But I can feel it now.  In my chest.  In my groin.”  He swallowed.  “It makes me feel...possessive.  And, strangely, simultaneously giving.”
John crept forward until they faced each other, kneeling.  Their cocks met in the middle.  John shivered at the contact and smoothed his hands over the bald patch on Sherlock’s chest before his fingertips traced what was left of the fine hair there, then down, down, through the water, under Sherlock’s arms and around his back and over his arse before pulling him tight.  Their height difference was less obvious while they were kneeling, and John was able to mostly meet him eye-to-eye.
Sherlock stooped and took a bud between his fingers, examining it.  “They’re nearly ready,” he announced.  “See, look.  They’ll bloom.  Very soon.”
He took the shotgun from the wall and sat at the desk that was obviously placed there for cleaning the weapons.  It felt odd to hold a gun again; the shotgun was heavier than he remembered his rifle being.  It had been a long time since he’d fired anything that wasn’t army-issued.  The desk held everything he’d need to tend to a firearm.  Methodically, he took it apart, inspected it, oiled it up, and then rubbed it down with a soft cotton cloth until it shone.
Just then, a woman who had apparently been one of Sherlock’s victims came forth, spots of color still on her cheeks.  “I had expected better from such an establishment,” she puffed.  “I won’t be back again.”  She turned on her heel and made for the door when she saw Sherlock.  He was rubbing something, it looked like, between his fingers, testing its viscosity, most like.   John knew the word that was going to come out of her mouth before she said it, like the “f” was being formed in slow motion.
His shoulder gave him the occasional pang if he were up on his hands and knees for too long, but John found that flat on the bed like this, Sherlock’s strong body above him, was more comfortable than he had suspected it would be.  John didn’t like being fenced in; he never had, even before a soldier’s training made him wary of tight spaces.  Somehow, however, he occasionally craved Sherlock’s weight on him, and there was something very sexy about the way his lover wrapped his arms under John’s own, holding him tight, or grabbing his hands, twining their fingers together as he thrust into him from behind.  Sometimes Sherlock took his time this way, moving slowly, undulating himself against John’s spine and backside before turning them both to their sides and reaching around to John’s front so they could finish nearly together.  Tonight, though, that slow lovemaking was apparently not on Sherlock’s agenda.
He licked his lips.  The air tasted different, more humid.  The constant presence of his vest and pack was strangely missing.  His left hand twitched.  “Where’s my rifle?”
Sherlock looked up and saw John, momentarily losing his concentration.  The barman landed a right hook right on Sherlock’s cheekbone; the skin split.  Sherlock touched it, his mouth open in shock.
John nodded. He felt groggy and smelled of antiseptic and stress.  Nothing hurt too badly -- yet.  He was still disoriented, though.  He tried to remember.  There was that kid, Smith, and his leg and been reduced to pulp; he needed a tourniquet, fast, and then pain in his shoulder, and he called for...
John opened the front door to see Adam Owens, the postman, holding a large white polystyrene container.
“Exactly.  But you know, I don’t think I’ve even seen all the rooms properly.  Popped my head in once, maybe, but I’ve never really
“Not broken!  I’m depressed.  I’ve got PTSD.  Fucking hell, Harry, I’m scared to shoot.  I can’t do surgery, I can’t go more than two nights without a nightmare, and I have a fucking piece of metal holding my shoulder together!”
Sherlock jerked away, taking John’s hand with him.  “This was a stupid idea,” Sherlock muttered, scrambling to get away.  John was momentarily afraid of spraining his wrist.  He managed to retract it from Sherlock’s trousers before he broke something.
“...was hoping to have a spare room for a lab, but two bedrooms would do just fine and I can make do with the worktop as long as you wouldn’t mind, of course, and a fireplace, and preferably an area where we could see clients..."
“This is a very important room,” continued Sherlock.  He turned his head to the side and raised an eyebrow coquettishly.  “It’s my
going to compete for John’s attention with a prematurely gray, frequently-incompetent, twice-divorced, closeted smoker, tooth-whitening, flatulent detective inspector who frequently needed a consulting detective to do his heavy thinking.
“John, I think I might have a solution to your problem,” said Sherlock, rearranging himself more comfortably on the warm ground.  “May I?”
“Is it possible that your father knew about the girls earlier?  That maybe they told him at one of his story sessions, maybe asked for help?  Maybe he tried, or alerted the police and started an investigation or something, angering Sally’s father…”
“Fucking hell!”  Sherlock shouted and batted John away.  John had never heard him curse so fluently.   It was kind of a turn on.  Well, it would have been, had it been elicited under different circumstances.
“Two people came in that helicopter.  And you’re making a mountain of eggy bread. More than three people could eat.”
“Oh,” Sherlock says.  “Didn’t think you’d be home for another hour at least.”  He opens his mouth to begin a let-me-deduce-what-happened speech but John quiets him with a look.
John struggled through his own shower, washing with cold water as quickly as he could.  His cock, while not fully erect any more, hung plumply and in want of attention between his legs.  He avoided it and scrubbed the salt from his body in record time before shaving thoroughly.
“You don’t order unless you’re going to eat.  We’re on a case,” said John quietly,  “and you ate this morning.”
“Toby, really.  Found them in the courtyard, actually.  By the statute of the bloke with the pipes.  Keep your voice down.  I’m not sure how well sound carries.”
John stood in the doorway on the verge of a panic attack, his earlier confidence momentarily misplaced.  Oxygen, Watson.  Breathe.
When it was over, he realised that he’d masturbated nearly twice a day since his dick had decided to work again.
“No.  That was later.  Anyway, my father had asked me to help.  With the plum tree.  Pruning it, again.   He didn’t need my help with that ladder.  He was very sure on his feet.”
“That’s the thing,” said John.  “It’s not just a patch of land, and you know it.  I should have respected that more.  I didn’t realise...I should have asked.”  John sipped his wine, then held up his glass.  “Still friends?”
John was genuinely concerned.  The obsession with hair - as strange as it was, that was, well, Sherlock.  His so easily acquiescing to his brother's request was alarming.  “Hey, Sherlock.”  John waited for those unusual eyes to meet his own.  “Are you OK?”
“He’d kill me for saying it, but I’m pretty sure Sherlock had a similar ‘biological response’.  Probably scared him to death.  I’m either going to be thanking you or cursing your name the rest of the weekend.”
“There’s not much to this, really. You just use firm pressure, pay close attention to the arch of the foot and the toes.  Spend as much time on the top of the foot as the bottom, not too hard or too soft, but with gentle pressure.  Whereas you do the reflexology dry, I’d use some oil - not lotion - if you’re going to do this at home.  I’m going to stop talking now and let you enjoy this.”
Makeshift weapon at the ready, John crept along the wall heading south toward the kitchens and main hallway.  He hadn’t had any reason to explore the upper floor of the house, and he paused at the base of the west wing stairwell.  It was very dark, so he went back to his room to get a torch before continuing. Once at the top of the stairs, John started down the west wing corridor, pausing every once and a while to listen.  Nothing but the wind.  He stopped at the end of the hall, where an old painting of a surly-looking bearded old man stared at him from the beam of his small torch, before turning around to face the length of the velvet blackness.  All seemed quiet.  Methodically, he paused door to door, listening briefly before moving on.  Eventually the west wing met the main hall, and it turned abruptly to the left.  Here the hallway was wider.  His investigation yielded nothing, however; he was stopped by a plastic tarpaulin that covered the entire east wing hallway.  John listened intently.  Nothing.
was going to happen, as if something serendipitous --or delightfully dangerous-- were right around the corner.  It made him feel restless and itchy, as if what he had really been hired to do was about to begin.  And if he were going to be considered security staff, he may as well perform the job to the best of his ability, or be accused of not earning his keep.  He needed his gun.  For the last fifteen years of his life, it had been an extension of his body, as necessary to his identity as a field trauma surgeon as his fingers.  He was lying to himself if he said he didn’t miss it, didn’t sometimes imagine its weight against his side, deeply miss the routine of assembling and cleaning it. If Mycroft really wanted him to protect his estate, John would need something a bit more powerful than his fists.
Sherlock finally turned to face him.  “Christening the new place,” he intoned, his eyebrows raised.  “Please tell me we’re not naming the place on Baker Street.  Or smashing a bottle of champagne against the front door or some such nonsense.”
.  Vaguely he knew he was dreaming, but it wasn’t a threatening dream -- vivid, yes, but not terrifying like his nightmares, those soul-sucking terrors that rose up from his unconscious like some monstrous, pale, surfacing fish.  There was a window here, an opportunity to wake up.  He ignored it and continued on, curious as to where the path would lead.
Sighing, he went into his room, washed the dust from himself in a hot shower, and fell into bed.  He fell asleep smiling.
John sighed and let Sherlock hold his weight.  He was going to miss the pool, and he was now lamenting the fact that the first time they actually used it together was their final night in Holmes Hall.
was Lillian’s realm.  John could picture her working in here, her fit arms and agile hands working the knots out of everyone’s lives.
Sherlock nodded, then jogged ahead.  John waited five minutes, then got back on his bike and slowly pedalled toward Owens’ cottage.  The tyre was flat within moments, and he had to get off and push.  He went slowly, checking his watch every few minutes, listening for cars, and trying to ignore the sheep that seemed to be staring at him as if they knew what he was up to.
John really hadn’t ever seriously thought about what a relationship with a sexual Sherlock would be like.  He never really thought it would happen.  He had never thought Sherlock would embrace sex.  They really hadn’t even done much but a bit of kissing and naked squirming about in the pool, and already Sherlock was masturbating in the shower?  Holy fucking hell.  Scenario after scenario spun out from his mind in different directions, of them actually having sex and Sherlock hating every minute of it, or of it not working, of Sherlock being repulsed by acts of the body, of Sherlock cringing at John’s confessions of love, of Sherlock divulging some intolerable sex kink, of Sherlock deciding it were all just an experiment, of Sherlock becoming some horrible needy, clingy thing...
It had been beautiful then, and it was still beautiful now several months into their life as lovers: Sherlock in his lap, poised above him, the cleft of his arse wet and inviting.  Above him, Sherlock shivered and wiggled his hips.  John took the hint, lined himself up, and gently guided Sherlock down.
I have had a blast learning about the names of gardening tools.  A "hoe" in the US is not a "hoe" in the UK; basically nothing is the same.  "Secateurs" are pruning clippers.
“And then there’s everything the shoe picks up,” continued Sherlock.  “I’m not sure how much our boots can tell us, having been underwater, but there may be clues to where the wearer had been or worked.  Dirt is like a fingerprint: sediment, colour, the structure of soil particles and any biological material contained within allow me to determine where a suspect has been.  I have an entire index devoted to soil samples, you know.”  He tapped his head.  “Up here.”
Eventually, John heard the shower shut off, water from the tap running, and then the sound of a hairdryer (
Mrs. Hudson was fretting about the kitchen in the morning.  She looked like she had gone to war with the contents of the pantry and lost: flour was smeared across her cheek, egg shells littered the workshop, and a box of oats had tipped over.  Something on the stove was burning, and she looked like she was ready to cry.
John put his fork on the table and stared Sherlock down.  John had stared down bigger and much more dangerous men, and when John was angry, he was righteously angry.  A charging rhino would have stood down to an offended John Watson.  At the moment, he was absolutely, incandescently furious.  His eyes bore into Sherlock’s with the heat of the Afghan desert at high noon.
Sherlock was upending a box full of chemistry paraphernalia.  He picked up a pair of safety goggles with one hand and a lighter in the other.  “Yes, yes, fine” he said, not looking up.  He manipulated the lighter a few times to ensure that it still worked before delving back in for more.
“So,” he says, as they drive off.  “Where to now?”  He wonders if he’s talking about dinner or the rest of his life.
“I’ll bet whatever he was carrying was deposited in Lillian’s office.  Hateful digital locks.”  Sherlock screwed up his face with disgust, then emptied three packets of sugar into his double espresso.  “He had a key and felt comfortable turning on the lights.  So he’s no stranger to this place.”
John sighed.  “I doubt a murderer would sit down, discuss the weather, her children, and the husband she did in.”
why you’re here.  Another addition to my brother’s collection of broken toys: a brilliant brother who can’t stay off the drugs.  A housekeeper who helped operate an American drug cartel.  A washed-up cop with an anger problem.  And now, a doctor with a limp and a tremor in his dominant hand.  Brilliant.”
Thankfully, John was busy the rest of the afternoon after his lunch with Mycroft and was able to put his unease aside.  He swapped shifts with another doctor at the surgery so he could have four uninterrupted days in which to assist Sherlock, and on his way home he stopped off at Boots and purchased two different types of personal lubricant and a box of condoms.  Sherlock had promptly (and unabashedly) informed John that he was free of any “infectious or otherwise unpleasant afflictions” their first night together, but John thought he should best be prepared just in case things went in that direction.  The prospect filled him with a delightful nervous anticipation the likes of which he hadn’t felt in ages.
“Not as much as yours are, I don’t think,” John said.  John explored the texture of the nub, petted the little hairs around it, before he gave the nipple a gentle tweak.  Sherlock sighed.  “I do like them sucked, though.”
He set his laptop on the chair and stood in the middle of the library, not caring if he looked silly, and closed his eyes, clearing his head the way he did before going into a skirmish or preparing for surgery.
“You really thought I wouldn’t enjoy myself?” asked Sherlock, nuzzling a bit at John’s neck.   “That I would find you unattractive?”
The third day dawned hot and muggy, and John spent the day with Lestrade outside, trimming the front hedges as several gangs of labourers tramped in and out of the front entrance.  John’s shoulder ached and he was in a foul mood, swearing every so often under his breath as he attempted to clip a woody yew tree into a smooth silhouette (and failing).  By 3pm, he was completely knackered and in need of a drink.  Lestrade suggested meeting at the local pub in an hour, and John took him up on it immediately.
“Good idea,” said John, turning to his side and letting Sherlock spoon up behind him.  He liked Sherlock’s solid presence, his warmth, the way they fit together.  John was nearly asleep again when he felt Sherlock growing hard.
Sherlock said nothing, just stood there, looking at the two rocks until John pocketed them and put his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder.  “Are you OK?”
John giggled a bit as Sherlock’s expression shifted from extreme annoyance to devious mirth, sleepiness gone.
“Shit.  He would be, wouldn’t he?  I had a girlfriend once whose dream was to stay there.”  He cut himself off before he said, “for our honeymoon.”  John had considered marrying her, but he wasn’t ready and she wanted children immediately...it would have never worked, and he let the poor girl go.  Within a year she was happily married with a baby on the way.  It was for the best, really.  Funny he should remember her obsession with the resort destination.
By the time they returned to the honeymoon suite (“After you,” Sherlock had said melodramatically as he held the door open for John), it was dark.  John lit a fire in the hearth as Sherlock made himself comfortable in a chair with his laptop.
“Well,” he announced, stroking Sherlock’s cheek with his thumb and feeling the need for levity before he turned into a pile of emotional mush incapable of doing anything but lounging in bed all day. “We are both in need of a shower.”  He stood, took stock of the mess at his groin, and held out a hand.  “Come with?”
Whatever their future, John hoped that at the end of it all there would be love.  That, he hoped, would be their legacy.  That he could look back and say, “Yes, we loved each other, and well,” that those whom they loved would remember and say, “together they were more,” and “they were true partners.”
“How’d you manage to get all of this so quickly?”  John eyed an official-looking document from the West Yorkshire Police.
John had flatly refused to accompany Sherlock to the reception desk to do whatever it was he was planning on doing.  He was acutely aware that he was standing in one of the trendiest salons in Soho and fairly terrified that the evening was going to end up with one of them smelling of mint and verbena.  So he stood stoically by the door next to a wall of windows and glass shelving housing brightly colored toiletries.
.  Vanilla extract is prized for its complex bouquet, but more importantly, its ability to enhance the flavours of other tastes, like chocolate, caramel, or coffee.  Its chemical composition is complex and incredibly intricate and the plant itself can only survive under just the right conditions.  The pods must be hand-picked at precisely the right time and then cured.  Ethyl vanillin, John, is
be decked out in heels and knickers, and you’ll chalk it up to science and soon you’ll be taking videos of me dressed in latex with a ball gag stuffed in my mouth and trussed up like a Christmas turkey.”
He looks at John’s swollen, red lips.  “Maybe.  You’re not completely hopeless,” he replies, smiling fondly.
Two full cups apiece improved their moods considerably, although John found the packing crate less than comfortable seating and his body growing stiffer.  He grimaced as he poured the last of the wine.
John’s mind kept replaying his unusual meeting with Sherlock Holmes the night before, and he found himself distracted at work.  When his shift ended, he stopped off at Boots and picked up a packet of nicotine patches.
As it turned out, the shampoo was completely harmless.  It was actually quite nice; it lathered well and had a faintly minty odor.
John put apricot jam onto a piece of toast and brought it to Sherlock, who propped himself up with a few pillows and looked at it disdainfully before taking a tentative bite.  It was gone in three, and when he looked up at John, John finally saw Sherlock’s eyes by the light of day: they were an unusual shape and color -- a striking blue-grey-green.  And right now, those eyes were imploring.
“I’m all yours,” he says, and smiles at me in that lazy way that means that I can have my wicked way with him.
John stepped into doctor mode and removed the rest of the strips with precision, smiling at the curses that fell from Sherlock’s lips.  “There you go,” he announced after the last one, “all done.”  Sherlock collapsed on the edge of the tub as John picked up the remains of Sherlock’s sheet and tossed them into the trash.  “You’re going to look a bit strange while it grows back.  Not that anyone will notice.”
He spots a plane approaching from the south, the white lights blinking in the distance.  It’s cold, his nose is starting to run, and, for once, he knows exactly what he wants.  Sherlock stands next to him, a solid presence, as steadfast as he was all those years ago when he stood in front of their friends and family and made a vow.
John turned his attention to the rest of the contents - it was full of elegant gowns, but not the kind a woman might wear for a night at the opera.  It finally dawned on him.
“Ah.”  Lestrade’s eyebrows cycled through several different expressions as he processed this information.
Navya Kaipur sat in the staffroom -- a sizeable former kitchen that now housed a few scruffy couches, a fridge, lockers, and other “essentials” that Mr. Leybourne, owner of Willow Cross (who had, as of today, found himself at the centre of a scandal that would keep most of Staffordshire gossiping for weeks) had provided thinking that they would keep his workers satisfied.  A coffee maker.  A water cooler.  An old ghettoblaster.  A dish of faded potpourri that was probably older than she was.
John laughed and blew steam from the rim of his mug.  “Yeah, well, I can’t be held responsible for what I say when you talk like that.”  Sherlock smiled behind his fingers.  “Where are you, anyway?  In the memorising, I mean?”
John rolls his eyes but smiles as he holds out his arms.  Sherlock gently places the instrument in his lap and John tries to arrange it as he’s seen his friend do so many times.  The metal is cold and the instrument is cumbersome, but John feels somehow privileged to be touching it.
Sherlock snorted and splashed John again.  “I’ve a longer reach than you do.  You took two strokes to my one.  I should have won easily.”
Navya tried not to think of Sherlock and John “enjoying themselves” and sighed.  “Maybe a bit of a scandal is what this place needed, after all. Reception says the phone’s been ringing off the hook with new bookings all afternoon.  Who knows?”
One look confirmed that she, indeed, had.  “Lillian is a good person,” Navya insisted.  “But she’s very ambitious.  She cast her hook in deep waters and has enjoyed reeling in the big fish.”
“We’re supposed to be gathering data, John.   Find out as much as we can about this place - and about Ms. Gleason and her fountain of youth.”
There was something about having a warm body and hard cock rubbing up against his arse that wreaked havoc with John’s dreams, however; he was dreaming all types of erotic scenarios when he awoke to find himself hard, balls positively aching, and Sherlock working his pyjamas down around his hips.
John looked.  He knew very little about castles, nor had he ever particularly cared.  But there was something special about being here, in this forbidden place, with Sherlock.  So he looked, tired see what his friend’s keen eyes had already figured out.
“I’m not sure he feels things like you or I do,” John volunteered.  “Love.  Intimacy.  I don’t even think that’s a blip on his radar.”
Sherlock’s eyes flitted to the slides on the table and back to John.  He actually looked mildly guilty..  “So, collecting your epithelial cells is out?”
There, dressed in overlarge gray sweatpants and a ratty Radiohead t-shirt was a disheveled-looking Sherlock Holmes.  He still hadn’t shaved, and his face was blotchy.  His hair was starting to frizz.  “More patches,” he said, and then pushed past John into the room and began rifling through the papers and things on John’s desk.
Sherlock stopped abruptly, opening and focusing his eyes.  He was instantly terrified, a look John had only seen in those eyes once before.  “Oh God. That’s...that’s not the right thing to say, is it?.  I meant...”  His face flushed, his eyes lowered, and for a moment John was sure he was going to climb off the bed and hide in the bathroom.
John lets out the breath he didn’t know he was holding.  “No you don’t,” he says.  He can’t tell if he’s disappointed or relieved.
“Sure.”  John smoothed Sherlock’s hair away from his forehead and ran his finger over his eyebrows.  “Why? Did you traumatise her in your youth?”
“You first,” replied Sherlock, eyes dancing.  He climbed back across the bed to take John’s face in his hands again, eyes searching and apparently finding what they were looking for.  “John,” he said.  “My John.”
Resolved, he picked up his shirts and headed to the wardrobe.  He opened it and stared.  There was an entire four seasons’ worth of clothing inside: jackets and trousers hanging pressed and neat; soft jumpers folded precisely.  A stylish black shooting-style jacket with a corduroy collar and a leather patch on the shoulder.  Maybe Mrs. Hudson had put him in the wrong room by mistake.  He looked at the tag on a pair of the trousers: they were exactly his size.  Not many men had a 29” inside leg.  On the bottom of the wardrobe, two more pairs of shoes (size 8½), and hiking boots.  Nothing had a price tag.  Jesus Christ.
John wondered whether or not this madman knew anything about basic human physiology.   “Suit yourself,” said John, and went back to eating.
“No, that’s fine,” sighed Owens, resigning himself to the fact he would have to deal with another person’s company for a while.  “Come on in.”
“I started thinking ‘deep shit’ three hours ago, if it makes you feel any better, and contrary to what you may believe, I, too, still have doubts and fears.” He frowned.  “Fairly large ones, at that.”
Now he has to go home to Sherlock, who will know immediately that something went wrong, and will, without a doubt, expound on
“This whole case,” Sherlock extrapolated, waving his arms, “he knew!  From the very start.  It’s not like he even needed me to work it out.  No offence,” he added, waving an arm towards John.  Well, that hadn’t changed.  “He knew exactly what was going on.  He did this
“That’s a pity,” she says.  “But it’s probably better.  He’s selfish and rude.  If he’s happy cuddling up to a big, cold chunk of metal, good luck to him.”
It was dark by the time they were alone again.  “Come with me,” Sherlock whispered in John’s ear, and they walked quietly upstairs.
When it was time, he watched himself come, saw the pearly semen fly from the slit and land on his wet and shining chest and belly.
Well, it was better than watching telly, he supposed.  “Fine, Sherlock,” he began as he approached the man on the table.  John’s first thoughts were something along the lines of “young, good looking, no visible signs of trauma, no blood, all limbs intact…” before switching over to the thought that voiced itself completely unbidden: “He’s
He has the lube.  He reaches down between his legs, tugs my cock from where it’s nestled between his cheeks.  He makes me wet, then gently rubs the head of my penis over his hole.  I shudder.  “There you go, love.  Mmmm, go slow.”
“Couldn’t tell you.  Look, John, it’s worth a look, anyway.  Beautiful country.  It’d be nice and quiet, that’s for sure.  Train ride’s not so long, either.  You’d like it here.  It’s not London, but it’s a great place to research and practice medicine.  Come up and see me sometime.  I’ve got a great lab.  Teaching’s not so bad, either.  Maybe we could arrange something for you.”
“She didn’t always.  I wasn’t very kind to her in the end, I suppose.  And then she moved to Leeds.  She’s bitter,” explained Sherlock.  “And she has a right to be. She should have been a CID officer by now, but then the budget got cut, the squad shrank, and she’s stuck in uniform...I think she’d be better off in London, at the Met.”
“Have you spoken with Owens?  I stopped off at his place and left my number, but he hasn’t returned the call.”
John furrowed his brow, remembering the day Sherlock had binned a pair of fuzzy pink handcuffs citing an extreme case of the heebie-jeebies.  “That’s real fur.”
John hesitated, his hands still clasping the grab bar.  “I thought you said you were a safe rider,” he shouted.
John sighed, relaxing.  He loved it when Sherlock played with his testicles; they were just as sensitive as his cock, and he loved them fondled, rubbed, and, sometimes, gently pulled.  He loved the feeling of Sherlock’s on his when they’d simply lie on one another and move, or when he was behind Sherlock, fucking him, the way their bollocks would slap together before they grew high and tight in preparation for orgasm.
Chris, a leggy man with tiny running shorts, ducked his head and smiled.  “I can’t help it if you’re all slowcoaches,” he said.
Molly took an elastic from her wrist and tied her hair back.  “What’s the plan for today?” she asked.
John gave the grass under his feet a few kicks -- it would take ages to pull it all out of the gravel.  It was an enterprising project, one that he likely couldn’t complete by himself in just a few hours a week.  But the space felt special, magical, even, if he allowed himself the romantic notion.  He’d need some supplies; he’d have to buy his own set of pruning shears and gloves and find a way to keep them in the garden itself so he wouldn’t raise anyone’s suspicions.
“Oh, for fuck’s sake, Sherlock, take a look around.  We’re two blokes staying in the honeymoon suite at a luxury spa resort frequented by sodding
There, on the sink counter, was a clear plastic bottle full of a dubious-looking liquid.  It was labeled, clearly with Sherlock’s writing in permanent marker:  JOHN.
Sherlock changed a slide on his microscope, not even bothering to look over.  “The work is important.  The work needs me, and I need you.  Ergo, it is to everyone’s benefit that you are always available to me.  The rules are not stupid, as you say.”
This was it, the moment neither of them had wanted to deal with, the moment that had presented itself so many times before, that they had ignored.  He guessed it was kind of hard to ignore these things if you were wet and naked and high on the possibility of getting caught.
John was investigating an ancient-looking hunting horn that hung on the wall for decoration, when he heard the distinct click of heels behind him.
When he could breathe again, he turned his attention to his lover.  He was attempting to give a better blowjob than he had the first time, although it appeared Sherlock couldn’t tell any difference.  He writhed and panted on the sofa, trying to keep his hips still (John found out he’d have to work on his gag reflex), moaning every time John tongued his frenulum.  Sherlock watched the entire thing, too, eyes dark and intense.  He trembled as he grew closer to orgasm, and right before he came he said, “I can’t wait until you play with my arse” in that deep, sensual voice of his.
“John Hamish Watson.  Sentenced for a week with an intolerable auntie for the crime of refusing to tidy his room.”
Sherlock’s long legs served him well in the chase, and although John probably could have made it to his bedroom first, Sherlock flicked the hallway lights off as he passed by them, causing John to lose a few moments to surprise and utter darkness.
One particular thrust caught John off guard; something had changed in the angle, and he moaned without restraint.  It must have set something off in Sherlock, who groaned himself and increased his pace.
“What the buggering fuck?” mouthed Lestrade, still getting an earful from whomever was on the phone, as John covered his nose, gagged, and then broke out into hysterical laughter.
When the search for Toby’s owner proved fruitless, John headed back to the house.  Toby bounded ahead without his leash, stopping to sniff and lift his leg.  John walked slowly; adrenaline now gone, his leg was acting up again, and managing his cane, his bag, and the shotgun was proving difficult.  But the weather was beautiful, the lilacs were blooming, he’d shot some birds, and life might just be tolerable, after all.
“Yes.  At Harehills Surgery.  Not a problem,” replied Mycroft from behind the beautiful antique desk.
Navya eyed the black bag full of linen, soiled with what was actually three orgasms’ (apiece) worth of Holmes/Watson DNA, a significant amount of sweat, a place where Sherlock had drooled in his sleep and another where he had drooled while not asleep, and three-quarters of a 250ml bottle of edible massage oil.
Mycroft studied his fingernails and appeared to be choosing his next words very carefully.  “Have you hunted for sport?”
Here in the darkness, it’s another world, a ghost world in which the veils of time can be parted.  In the dark he can see himself pottering around, fixing things, playing fetch with a dog, reading in a deckchair.  Rosie could bring her friends, head to the seaside.  One day, maybe, her husband.  Grandchildren.  Sherlock surely would let him use it whenever he liked.
Sherlock stretched, yawned, and then rolled over on top of his lover and rolled his hips.  “Yes.  For instance, I think I quite like morning sex,” he said, mouthing at that spot under John’s ear that the doctor particularly liked.
Peering around the kitchen wall, John looks at his flatmate.  Sherlock’s just finished “Silent Night” and is still cradling the instrument: a big, physical barrier between him and the rest of the guests.
Currently, Sherlock was not thinking about John; not directly, at least.  His current activity was a line of inquiry only.  That was, at least, what he told himself.
Sherlock took a moment to observe his own body - which really was a mess of oil, come, and sweat.  He shrugged.  “Leave it.”
I give myself a few moments to catch my breath as I lean there, hand still on myself.  As far as the act of masturabtion goes, that was exceptional.  I usually delete immediately afterward, out of respect for my friend (ashamed of myself for giving in).  I’ll keep this one, however, if nothing more than for posterity.  Fucking hell.
“You mean there’s something you honestly don’t know?” John asked softly, trying to lighten the mood.
At 55, Joyce had been in charge of Willow Cross’ linen cupboard so long she probably remembered when the staffroom pot pourri still smelled of lavender instead of dust. Sam, 30 years her junior, told anyone who’d listen that unlike Joyce, she was getting the fook out of Staffordshire as soon as she’d saved the train fare, and found the deposit for a flat, a decent job, a man, and a home for her seven rabbits. In other words, she’d be stripping beds, gossiping about the guests and cackling away with Joyce until the latter went to the great laundry room in the sky. Or at least, until Leybourne found a company mad (or desperate) enough to take on the housekeeping contract.
“You had to work fairly early this morning, however, so you didn’t stray too far: last night you went to the Sugarmill.”  Sherlock narrowed his eyes a bit.  “With a man of which your mother would not approve.”
“Thank you,” he said, because he could find nothing else to say.  Sherlock nudged a bit closer, pressing his naked body into John’s.  John trailed his free arm down the lines of Sherlock’s bicep, over the sinews of his forearm, and linked their hands together.  Sherlock’s hand was so much larger than his own, another reminder that his lover was, indeed, a man.  A man with smooth skin, morning stubble, an adam’s apple, hair under his arms, large eyebrows, and a really lovely penis.  Inside that man was an incredibly brilliant brain and, somewhere in there, a heart, a heart that now beat in time with his own.
John liked the look of the pool at night, the glass ceiling above them dark and shadowy, the water clear and inviting.
They boarded the train deep in thought; Sherlock carefully skimmed through the rest of the book on the ride out of town but found nothing except an inscription on the inside of the front cover: “To Maggie Donovan.  To the victor go the spoils.  Yours sincerely, Archibald Holmes, 1976.”  John watched as Sherlock gently traced the black ink with a fingertip.
“Truce,” called Sherlock after getting a direct hit to the face.  He wiped water out of his eyes and swam over to John, who had retreated toward the edge of the pool.
“It’s nice.  Pretty, too.”  John had never fully appreciated the scrubby brush on the moors until it all burst into colour the week prior.
Sherlock cleared his throat.  “No, actually.  Have you given any consideration as to where you will live once the house sells?”
“Oh,” says Sherlock.  “Um,”  he looks around, pulls out one of the wooden chairs from their table, and indicates John should sit.  “Now, this particular tuba is sized for me, so it will be exceptionally large for you.”
Well, this was new.  Lestrade had been pretty buttoned-up about his personal life until now.  “No,” John replied, getting comfortable on the ground.  He couldn’t kneel like Lestrade on account of his bad leg, but if he sat with it out to the side, he could still manage to get at the dead plants.
“You would.  I’ve seen you leave chemistry experiments that should not be left.  Small fires in the kitchen.  You know.  ‘Unimportant’ things.”
“I never actually saw him.  But that would be unlikely.”  Sherlock’s eyes sparkled.  “No, the person I’m thinking of would have visited regularly, on a daily basis.”  He raced back across the room to retrieve the envelope the documents arrived in and then bounded back.  He waved it in John’s face and tapped the stamps.  “The postman, John!”
Sweet Lord.  John had liberated Sherlock’s libido from years of sublimation and repression and was quite sure he was going to pay for it.  He wondered if the detective would be able to hide it away again during cases, or if midnight stakeouts were going to be much more enjoyable.
Sherlock’s mouth quirked.  He nodded and clinked his glass against John’s before taking a sip himself.
Sherlock opened his mouth to answer, but just then Sally came round the bend, saw them at the window, and gave a little nod.  Sherlock stood as she came in.
Thankfully, he did.  “Forgive me, but caressing one’s feet at certain zones that supposedly correspond to various internal organs to heal specific ailments or stimulate ‘energy pathways’ seems far fetched.”
“I can’t,” Sherlock announces when Mycroft attempts to persuade his younger brother to take a case of ‘national importance.’  John really cannot fathom what their childhood was like.  It’s amusing to watch them bicker before Mycroft turns to him.
No one taught me this particular skill, analingus, unless you count my imagination and that one time I decided to try it (ages ago) just to see if my finely-tuned senses would accept or reject the act.  I was ambivalent, it turned out.  Then I met a perfectly average-looking man whose hair was going grey prematurely and who had a penchant for bad jumpers.  John is as far from average as one can be, as it turns out.  He’s got a temper and a quick wit that leans toward innuendo, and while he may dress like my father he likes to live dangerously.  Under all that everyman exterior lies a man who enjoys walking the fine lines of life.  I deduced it straight away: John wants (needs?) a bit of dirty sex.
“I should be brilliant more often,” said John, smiling shyly.  He still couldn’t believe this was happening, that he was not only allowed to touch, and even kiss, the person whom he had believed had absolutely no desire for any skin-to-skin contact whatsoever, much less touches of a more intimate nature.  John loved kissing, and the novelty of kissing Sherlock might never wear off.
is on at 7pm, too, so get your stuff together.  You’re getting out of this shithole and coming home with me.”
Saturday found John wrestling with masses of overgrown morning glory vines that had completely taken over.  His left arm ached from hacking at it with the secateurs for hours.  Eventually he made it three quarters of the way down the wall when his clipping revealed a stump.  Touching its jagged edges carefully, John knew without a doubt that this must have been
hard.  Stretch your lips more.  Use your tongue!”) so he fires off one of his own (“I’ve never had something so big between my legs before”) and Sherlock actually laughs, to John’s delight.
John set his whisky down.  He’d better not have any more, or he would fall asleep and if this were going to be his proverbial wedding night, so to speak, he was going to make sure they both remembered it.  “Can I ask you a question and have you answer it honestly?”
“That wasn’t bribery!  It was a small kindness.  Withdrawal can be uncomfortable at best, absolutely miserable at the worst.  He didn’t have an easy go of it, I can tell you that much.”
“We had a bit of a bet on this,” said John to James as he settled back down.  “Sherlock doesn’t think that a foot massage could possibly have health benefits.  To be honest, James, I’m kind of a sceptic myself.  I’m completely open to complementary medicine, but reflexology seems a bit of a stretch.”
But there was no garden at Baker Street, so Sherlock contacted the botanists at Regent’s Park, who were pleased to add his rose variety to their collection.  That is, if they could manage to successfully uproot the bush.
“See?” chimed in Lestrade.  “Healthy.  The doctor says so.  Always listen to your doctor.”  Then, “He really doesn’t?  Ever?”  This was a serious issue.  “Why not?  I mean, what would cause that?”
“Yes, of course.  Quite regularly, if I remember.  I used to be quite close with Lydia, who ran the library.  She told me all about it, how handsome Mr. Holmes would have the little ones eating out of his palm.  There’s not much to do here, you know. The children were bored, and their parents were more than happy to sit down with a magazine for a bit of peace while he read to them.  Mr. Holmes opened up the world for them.  He loved it, he did.  Loved young people.”
Sherlock groaned (oh God), but then released the cock in his mouth and drew a shuddering breath.  John struggled to lift his head and look up.  Sherlock’s cheeks were flushed and his face was covered with his own saliva.  He looked completely debauched, eyes dark and lips swollen.  He grinned, wiped his face with his hand, and then hunkered back down, wrapping John’s legs around him as he made a pillow out of John’s lap.
John nodded and made his way inside.  The wound really hurt.  He cursed his unsteady hands, angry that something as simple as cutting twine posed a threat to his general well-being. He cleaned it well, trying not to bleed all over Mrs. Hudson’s kitchen.  Molly came in just as he finished.  He dried his hands on paper towel and took the gauze she held out for him to keep the wound closed while she got out a suture packet from an emergency surgical kit.
Sherlock stood there, brow furrowed.  His mouth opened and shut several times, as if he were trying to figure out the proper protocol for further communication.  John took pity on him.
“Perhaps you should drop anchor in my port,” replied Sherlock, causing John to dissolve into another fit of giggling.  Perhaps the wine was more potent than he’d thought.
He was in the middle of trying to tell one of the decorators to take an inventory of all of the hall’s original pieces of artwork when he received a text.
John bolted upright in his chair, knocking his book to the ground and gasping for breath.  He pressed his palms to his ears to drown out the noise before crashing to the floor.  He lay there, sweating and shaking, waiting for the panic to dissipate.  Yet the noise of the helicopter persisted.
them.”  He paused, an idea surfacing.  “Hey, why don’t you show me all of the rooms?  Give me one final tour.”
John thought of Sherlock’s youth, those lonely hours, how alone Sherlock always kept himself, how he was teased at school, how the world really wasn’t fair.  But he said nothing.
“No.  Henry even mentioned that Adam would be a good person to speak with; he liked my father quite well, too.  I can ring him tomorrow.”
John thought about it.  He realised that he wasn’t embarrassed at all, actually.  He was more concerned about getting kicked out before they had solved the case.  What they really needed to see was what was happening a few doors down at the fountain of youth.
John poured a generous amount of oil into his right hand and dumped what was rest over the cleft of Sherlock’s arse, just in case.
“Indeed,” replied Mr. Leybourne, gesturing towards Sherlock with his half-empty gin glass.  “He says you do consulting work and are a detective of sorts.  I must admit, I do so enjoy a good bit of sleuthing!  I’ve got all the Agatha Christies.”
John agreed, and on the way back to Lestrade’s garage, he swore he saw a curtain move, just a bit, in a certain upstairs window.
“The offer still stands,” Sherlock said as they parted ways for the evening.  “About the flat.  If you’d like.”
“It depends if he still does the same type of work.  But it’s probable.  If he finds the brand comfortable with his particular foot condition, I’d say he was likely to continue to buy them.”
Thanks so much to all of you, readers.  I appreciate every comment, kudos, and reblog.  This is the most stressful time of year for me.  Simply putting this idea on paper and putting out into the world helps tremendously.  So thank you for reading.
Well, that was certainly odd.  Serotonin syndrome was not a common cause of death; it was a poisoning, essentially, caused by an excess of the neurotransmitter usually as a result of an overdose of antidepressants or recreational drugs such as methamphetamine or cocaine.  He’d never seen it himself.  Strange.
he thought.  There was no time to send Sherlock a warning text.  John bent down in order to feign working on the bicycle.  He looked up to see Owens pulling in next to him.
John honestly didn’t know if Sherlock Holmes was a snorer or not when asked by the owner of the Cross Keys Pub.  It wasn’t until nearly ten years later before he could answer with absolute certainty.
“I’ve ridden before,” groused John as he fastened his helmet.  In what must have been the most awkward moment he’d had in awhile, John tucked his collapsible walking stick in his backpack and clambered onto the back of the bike.  He was painfully aware of Sherlock’s proximity.  It was the first time he’d been this close to another human in months.  He felt around for a place to put his hands other than Sherlock’s waist, which just seemed too intimate.  John tried to put some more room between their bodies and realised there was nowhere else to go.
Now that his libido had decided it was no longer dormant, John decided it was high time he started dating again.  He wasn’t exactly sure where to start.  Internet dating?  Not really his thing.  He felt too old for nightclubs.  There was always old reliable, the pub, and so when Mike invited him out for a trivia night, John agreed, hinting that maybe Mike could bring a single friend along.
John tried to ignore the pounding of his heart, the stirring anticipation in his gut.  “You forgot about the drug problem.”
So, yes, Sherlock Holmes is a snorer.  But only if he is flat on his back.  He has since learned to catch himself, rolling himself over upon first snort, subconsciously still wary of John “Wild Elbows” Watson.  But sometimes, exhausted after a grueling case or a particularly vigorous shag, he’ll be too far gone to even notice.
people on your property all the time!  No one pays them any attention; they come and do their business and nobody's the wiser.  Like the refuse collectors.”
Standing, Sherlock stretched and popped his back.  “It’s not a rotten idea.  It needs to be done.  I want to know.  I don’t generally sleep when I’m on a case.  Wastes time, slows down my mind.  But time, I suppose, isn’t exactly a factor here.”
John has an average of ten erections during an eight-hour period of sleep.  I have to admit that I’ve stayed awake all night on several occasions just to feel him harden, his penis twitching as it swells against me, only to feel it soften again a few minutes later when he wriggles and rearranges himself in the bed.  He gets hot easily, says I cling.  Can’t help that.  Sentiment.  I am more than fond of John.  So is my penis.  And we are both awake.
“Well, far be it for me to interrupt.”  John waved a hand at his lover.  “Please continue.  It was quite a performance.”
Eventually the laughs trail off into sniggers and then into something else entirely, something raw, too intense.  John lifts his head from where it’s buried in his arms and sees Sherlock gasping.  He’s thrown his arm over his eyes and there, running down his cheeks, are tears.
“It’s fine,” said Sherlock firmly. The vague, disinterested look he had sometimes was back.  “Let’s get going.”
noseful after noseful of perfumed lotions and oils.  Add aromatherapy to Lillian’s list of credentials.  Other findings included tea-making supplies, fresh linens, large canisters of both salt and sugar (for scrub),  a drawer full of paintbrushes (for mud?), a basket containing large, round stones (for massage), and a small refrigerator that housed nothing but bottled water and milk (for tea).  John searched for a good hour and found nothing out of the ordinary, other than several wooden instruments that must be used for massage but looked more like medieval torture devices - or sex toys.
Mycroft frowned.  “I don’t think he accidentally fell from that ladder.  Sherlock’s theories are logically sound.  Should you need my assistance, please feel free to ask.  Use caution, John.  I worry about him.”
“Oh, I guess it looks rather dreadful at the moment, but once spring arrives, the place is just bursting with colour.  We’ve got a hothouse, too.  Fresh oranges this time of year.  You’ll want to spend some time out of doors, I’m sure.  The property’s all open to you.  Except for…”  She trailed off.
The next two days John was determined to shoot a bird if his life depended on it.  Toby flushed pheasants left and right and John couldn’t hit a single one, his shots off by what felt like a mile.  Lestrade didn’t even ask how it went when John returned the dog.
“Anyway, I lost everything.  I sold our place in Miami and came back to England.  I stayed with my sister for a week before Sherlock rang me.  He told me his mum and dad needed a housekeeper and I was the perfect fit.  So here I am.  It was hard, though, losing Archie so quickly after I started.  And Lilly -- well, she suffered.  They all did.”
John sighed.  What did he really want?  A wife, a house in the suburbs?  A child?  A dog?  Did he want to date again, go to the cinema and dinner?  That all seemed so mundane now, so beige. So
“So,” John concluded, “we’ve got seven bottles of ridiculously priced shampoo and shit on the shelf, and he decides to make his own.”
John placed his shirts on top of the other ones and took a step back before sitting on the edge of the bed.  It was more than a little weird.  It was downright creepy as fuck.  Mr. Holmes was one presumptuous man.
John listened to his heart beating for a while as the room came back into focus, realising that perhaps his verbal declarations of love might have been the wrong thing to say -- confessions in the heat of the moment seemed the type of thing Sherlock would denounce as foolish sentiment.  Yet he had asked for it, had he not?  It was the truth, after all, John’s one truth, a compass point.  He wouldn’t deny it, not anymore, never again.  He had vowed that Sherlock would always know how much he was loved and treasured.  Here, in the bedroom, away from the world and unburdened by cases or boredom, those simple words were the truth of his life.
“This is a bad idea, John,” Sherlock chastised as they waited for her at a metal table set up in one of the gardens.  “I don’t need anyone’s help.”
“The glass dildo is inanimate,” he speculated, swiping the muff back up along the side of John’s arm.
Sherlock shot him a look and a frown.  “One does not have to be homosexual to be a considerate lover.”
I let him up so he can urinate.  He doesn’t clean his teeth, but promptly returns and snuggles back into me.
After careful consideration, I have decided NOT to mention any of the episodes in the series.  I didn't want to fit this story within the timeline.  This would never happen in the series, so let's just let this exist on its own, in some happy little land where the unresolved sexual tension always gets resolved.   Hope you're down with that.
“Gone traditional?” she asked, eyeing the teapot and half-eaten slice of parkin on John’s side of the table.
The first thing he noticed was the lack of anything that smelled or looked like renovation: no paint or sawdust, no carpentry tools or ladders.  He listened intently, but heard nothing more.  Turning the corner, John risked shining the light down the long expanse of corridor.  No ghosts there.  And no building work, either.  The wool runner under his feet was clean.  A table in the hallway was dust-free.  Odd.
“And so that’s it,” says John, finishing the speech he’d composed in his head the entire drive home.
And with that, he took off, and John abandoned his concerns about intimacy and grabbed Sherlock around the waist for dear life.  By the time they reached the main road, John was pressed flush against Sherlock’s back, the cool wind making the sleeves of his jacket flap wildly.  The sound of the engine concealed his laughter.  It was fucking glorious.
Drinking the last quarter of his beer in several quick swallows, Lestrade stood up and clapped John on the back.  “Think about it,” he said.  Then, “Can I ask you something?”
when John became impatient, liked being manhandled and put into position; he’d honestly whimpered once when John had demanded that he get on his hands and knees.  But their lovemaking was not at all routine.  While their individual preferences became known over time, they didn’t seem to fall into specific roles or patterns.  John wondered if they would, over the course of time, but for now, sex was still novel, still raw and full of discovery.
Sherlock kissed the top of his head.  “I’m afraid you have reached the entirely wrong conclusion about my preferences.”
“The powder, John!  Everyone else was sprayed by blue when they crossed the line; she was yellow, someone specifically targeted her.”
John couldn’t argue.  He knew enough from the medical system that the best ways of dealing with problems were often complicated by the NHS and endless paperwork. Why would criminal justice be any different?
Something akin to surprise and relief softened Sherlock’s features.  “Not in love with Molly?  But…”
He’s sitting there, full and content, when his phone pings: It’s Rosie.  She wants permission to stay the night.
“Sherlock is difficult.  He’s made a career of pushing people away and walling up his heart.  You, of all people I believe, know something about walls.  You wear your heart on your sleeve, but there’s a dark part of you that you keep carefully locked away.”
John snorted, feeling awfully twelve.  Sherlock was usually so reserved.  He rarely made dirty jokes or called body parts anything but their proper names.  When he did come out with something obscene or childish, it never failed to take John by delighted surprise.  John hummed, then disentangled himself and stretched out onto his back, putting himself on display atop the water.  “See?  I think there will soon be a mast to join it,” he said cheekily.
The two of them walked to the spa together and John smiled nervously as Lillian greeted them and fussed about how Sherlock sadly wasn’t going to get the full experience.  She looked so pretty and fresh-faced; it was hard to imagine her as anything other than a complete professional.  Lillian insisted that John hold Sherlock’s suit jacket and his phone.
Nothing about supper turned out to be intimate; it seemed the entire village got wind of their presence in town and had come to bid them farewell.  What should have taken an hour turned into three, and by the time they made it back to the hall, it was growing dark.
That night, as he tried to fall asleep, he thought of Sherlock’s glitter experiment.  John knew exactly what Sherlock was talking about.  How many times had he found shiny stuff nestled into the pores of his face, microscopic prisms that had danced on a woman’s eyelids and cheekbones.  He liked a woman barefaced, without the artifice, but there was something to be said for the allure of shimmery candyfloss lip polish, the allusion of lips plump and painted with saliva...or come.  Of course Sherlock would be curious.  John knew that men explored makeup as well.  He’d seen men in drag, but never thought the exaggerated features were attractive. He thought of Sherlock fully made up, with teal-blue eyeshadow and bright coral lips.  The thought made him laugh.  But no, Sherlock would probably be good at it, like he was at everything he actually put his mind to.  He’d make up his eyes, then, rimming them with dark kohl.  Maybe something shiny on the ridge of those cheekbones.  Clear lip polish, with tiny flakes of glitter.  John could picture it now: he’d come home and find Sherlock looking like some high-fashion runway model about to hit the catwalk in an avant-garde art performance.  “I’m wearing three types of shimmer and four different glitters,” he’d say clinically.  “Now, hold still.  I’m going to rub my face on you.”
Well, that was a disaster.  John mentally kicked himself for even trying.  He was an invalid now, a little man with a little cane whose entire wardrobe fit in a standard-issue rucksack.  He spent the rest of the ride staring out the window.  He’d never been to this part of Yorkshire.  It really was beautiful country, with rolling, heather-covered hills and rocky outcroppings.  Occasionally they’d pass a rambling brook, and once they went over an ancient-looking stone bridge.  John wondered if there was trout in the stream.  Maybe he’d learn to fish, if things worked out all right.
John can feel the blood pounding in his ears.  His hand trembles.  He wills himself to keep calm.  “This conversation is over.”
He broke out in a cold sweat when the pain hit.  Gritting his teeth, he tried to relax.  His erection deflated.  He lay there, breathing hard, willing his body to accept it.  It hurt so badly he couldn’t even conjure Fantasy Sherlock back.
“You’re exasperating, you know?  If it matters, I’m rather concerned.  You think you know a man, and then it turns out you know nothing whatsoever.”
I’ve always known that love is a powerful motivator, and right now it motivates me to run my hand down my body and grab at that usually unresponsive piece of flesh.  I remember the last time I did this, last month, when John came in from a jog (he said he needs to work out; how I had longed to see what was under those jumpers more clearly). He was flushed and sweaty and vibrantly alive.  He greeted me before gulping down a glass of water and heading to the shower.  In those few minutes I went from being completely absorbed in reading an article on artificial digestive enzyme creation and the implications for the modern fish-pickling industry to thinking of nothing else but John Watson, naked in the shower.  I barely made it into the bedroom before I brought myself off.  Forgot what a mess it made.  By the time John left the bathroom, I was in Regent’s Park rose garden, on my second cigarette, and trembling with the heady combination of post-orgasmic euphoria and self-loathing.
“His…?  Oh God no.  I met Sherlock a little over a decade ago, in Florida.  My husband, Frank, well, he was a bit of a drug dealer, I guess you’d say.  That, and a few guns.”
Something tight gripped John’s heart and belly as they walked down the stairs toward John’s room.  “It’s just a house,” said Sherlock, picking up on John’s air of melancholy.  “We’ll get another.  Smaller, true,” he said.  “Less to keep up with.  Somewhere in London, with a cosy sitting room, a kitchen that I can exploit as a lab, a place close to a park, and maybe…” --they had reached John’s room-- ”with a garden at the back.  Just a little one, mind you.”
“I spoke with him.  When he’d come to London. He spoke of you constantly.  I haven’t seen him this interested in anyone since he developed a fixation with the mummified body of Lindow Man.”
“Gray’s Anatomy,” murmured John.  He set it aside thoughtfully as Mr. Chapman continued to empty the box.  Something fluttered out from the last book and fell under the countertop.  The top of it poked out where John could reach it, so he bent down and picked up what looked to be a folded map of some kind.  Upon inspection, it turned out to be a student’s map of the periodic table.
Bats flew overhead and the moon was rising.  A breeze stirred up and whispered the night’s gossip through the trees.
He said it with such conviction that it wasn’t romantic or overly sentimental, just a simple fact.  John was quite sure, as he watched Sherlock finish dressing, that he had never before wanted so badly to take someone to bed.  Soon, very soon, he would strip Sherlock of his clothes, turn off his glorious brain, and make him feel everything John was feeling.  For someone who said he couldn’t speak the language of emotion, Sherlock was quickly becoming remarkably fluent and John was finding his words rendered useless, stuck in his throat.  That’s OK.  His tongue could still speak a loving language that did not require the use of his larynx.
The man had essentially been living in a prison of his own making for the past twenty years.  It’s what you do with secrets.  Build walls around them, lock them up.  But it’s also what people do with treasure, with things of great value, delicate things, precious and beautiful things.  Wouldn’t it be wonderful to be free, to cast down those walls, unlock those gates, fling them wide?
John shut the fridge and slipped into his jacket, leftover takeaway forgotten.  They raced down the steps together, into the busy streets of London and the rest of their lives.
“I’m not your personal nicotine dispenser,” grumbled John.  “Go and buy your own.  Carry them yourself.”
John’s arse, that it was just as much of a turn-on for him as his cock or balls.  Sherlock would moan as he fingered John, sigh as he worshipped him with his tongue, and grunt as he grasped and pushed and pulled the gluteus maximus in his large hands, felt the muscles relax, flex and work.  In less than a month into their sexual relationship, John could no longer compare anything that went on back there to anything less than skipping dinner entirely and going straight to the rum-laced dessert.  So much for boring John and his boring vanilla sex.  He always had been a little bit of an arse man.
He leaves it on the kitchen worktop once.  Alone in the flat, John picks it up, turns it in his hand.  It’s very large, and cold.  He raises it to his lips and blows in it.  No sound comes out.  He tries again to vibrate his lips, and fails.  His third attempt is more successful and the mouthpiece makes a little farting noise that sounds nothing like the big, rotund sound Sherlock coaxes forth from the tuba entire.
John left, completely floored by what had just happened.  Mystery solved, at least.  So this was the younger brother with issues.  Big issues, from the looks of it.  If he wanted to detox in misery, so be it.  It wasn’t any of John’s business.  He had his own issues, thank you very much.
John raised his eyebrows, then drew them together.  He blinked and tried to determine whether or not Sherlock had really just offered to live with him.
Sherlock led them to the side, close to the house.  “I think there were some here.”  He knelt down, completely disregarding his trousers.  “There was a rock garden with some cacti.  My mother liked succulents,” he added, remembering.
Sherlock’s lower lip did something funny, halfway between a wobble and a frown, and John reached out and drew their faces together.
“Rather striking, if I do say so.  It’s a double bloom, deep plum that fades into a dark raspberry.  Very fragrant, like honey.”
The items with sentimental stories John kept, and even a few items that Mrs. Hudson said she didn’t want found their way back.  A plain brown envelope revealed delicate notepaper from the 1950s.  A book of children’s poetry published during WWII.  Black and white postcards of Paris, Rome and Tunisia, sent to ‘My dearest Martha’ with love from ‘Daddy’ in faded sepia ink .  Clip-on mock-pearl earrings.  An enameled pill box, lined in velvet and smelling of jasmine.
Lestrade had been griping about having to maintain the pool since no one used it, so John had taken over the task of checking the chemicals since he seemed to be the only one using it.  He liked the space, too, the high, glass ceiling, the quiet lapping of the water, the beautiful mosaic tiles on the floor.
John stared out of the windows from his seat in the library, where Willow Cross served coffee, tea and a continental breakfast buffet.  He still felt a bit full from last evening’s meal, and after the emotional roller coaster of a night, he was quite content with a strong coffee and a croissant instead of the more substantial fare served in the dining room.  The rain had blown away and the day looked like it was going to shape up nicely.
“Yeah, well.”  A range of emotions crossed Sally’s face before settling on indifference.  “No more snakes, Holmes.”
John frowned.  “Been here long?” he asked.  Although he knew the room wasn’t “his”, per se, the thought of someone entering without permission rubbed him the wrong way.
“Thanks, Molly.”  John watched as a ladybird flew from the tray and landed on a glossy, dark green rose leaf.  “I really hope it blooms,” he said.  “It’s almost there, as far as I can tell.  I’ve tried a few things.  Epsom salts, cow manure, composted banana peel.  But Lestrade says they always get this far and then the buds just wither up and fall off.”
It was late when John climbed into bed and opened a book he’d been wanting to read. He fell asleep before he was fifteen minutes into it and dreamed the vague, ephemeral dreams of the exhausted.
The robin fluttered into the lilac tree next to the roses and eyed John suspiciously.  “Got it all figured out then?” he asked the bird, who did nothing but cock its head sideways again before flying up and out of the garden.
A police officer arrived, his uniform covered in splotches of pink and green powder paint.  “Get back, get back, give the man some room,” he demanded.  With the major drama concluded, the immediate crowd began to disperse.  “She all right?”
“I know you’re the best friend I have and always will have.”  He licked his lips and stared at the water for a moment.  “I know your heart, John, and I know your mind.”  Sherlock drew a shaky breath.  “I think...I think I would very much like... to know your body.”
Standing in front of the wall of products, John was reminded at the lengths women took to groom themselves.  Sure, he’d lived with women before, but it had been a long time; he’d forgotten.  Harry had never been one to drop more than a fiver on anything for her short blonde hair.  He’d lived with a girl named Anne for a time during med school; she had the most wonderful strawberry-scented stuff that always turned him on (he would forever remember how she’d shake her hair from a ponytail and the scent, warm and feminine, would make him weak in the knees and rock-hard other places.  He masturbated with it in the shower for nearly six months after they split).
in there.”  He laced his fingers through Sherlock’s, brought his hand up, kissed his fingers.  “Case, remember?”
They had been sipping at a bottle of 1993 Chateau Margaux straight from the bottle as they bid their farewells to every room in Holmes Hall, beginning with Mycroft’s office.  John had suggested giving every room its own toast, and somewhere between their exploration of the coatroom and the chase around the snooker table, they had crossed the line from being sober and fairly fatigued into tipsy and downright exhausted.
Mycroft took off his reading glasses and looked up.  “I’m not your father,” he said, trying for levity -- and failing.  “Of course.”
John gets him up from the floor, manoeuvres him toward his bedroom.  Helps him out of his suit jacket, turns down the covers.  Sherlock flips off his shoes and climbs in, still fully dressed.
It took another case to get them back on track.  Sherlock managed to link a ring of criminals who were cloning debit cards at petrol stations for an Iranian-based fraud syndicate.  Mycroft’s people were involved, and it was dangerous, there, at the end.  They arrived home unscathed but exhausted.  “That was good,” said Sherlock, smiling.  He turned and put both of his hands on John’s shoulders so they were face to face.  “You were good.”
“I haven’t taken my MRCP exams yet.  My grandmother’s rather unwell --liver failure-- so I’m staying close until she...you know.  Then, back to London!”
Molly smiled in her shy way and ripped open the suture packet.  “Here goes,” she said, and picked up tweezers and forceps.  John watched as she worked, and before long he had a row of eight precise stitches along the ridge of his finger.  “Not bad,” he said.  She’d gone painfully slow, but the tension was correct and sutures even.  She bandaged his finger carefully.
“Oh, this thing,” said Mrs. Hudson distastefully, holding the hand warmer.  “Never used it.  A gift from an admirer.  There was a matching coat at one point.”
After putting away the fishing equipment, John finally reached the back patio, carrying his and Sherlock’s clothes in one hand and his catch of fish in the other.  Sherlock was muttering to himself and sitting cross-legged on the stone patio in his pants, turning one of the boots this way and that.
John!” loud enough for anyone strolling down Baker Street to hear and holding John so tightly that he was half-afraid of a dislocated shoulder.
John chewed his lip.  God, it had been forever since he’d chatted someone up.  It used to come so naturally to him.  “Do you live on the property?”
John sat up, gathering steam.  “You know what? I do.  And you know what else, Sherlock?  No fucking dog collars, and don’t tie me up.  I don’t like being tied up.  I think.”
“I prefer Watson and Holmes’ studies.  Much more current. And interesting.  Data collection is very satisfying.  I want to put mine on yours.”  Sherlock propped himself up on his elbows, and then wiggled his hips a bit, frowned, and reached between them.  When he slowly lay back down, John realized that indeed, their most masculine of anatomies were not only touching, but pretty much mashed together.  It was an incredibly strange yet erotic and tenderly intimate gesture.  Sherlock’s testicles felt hot against his own.  John lay still, savouring the moment.  This, he knew, was Sherlock’s way of saying he loved him, showing him just how much he meant.  And so they lay there, chest to chest and balls to balls, breathing.
In the darkness, surrounded by the unfamiliar yet beautiful music, John saw something he had never seen before: Sherlock Holmes, weeping.  Tears were rolling down his cheeks from under his closed eyelids, down the planes of his cheeks and dripping from his chin and onto his suit jacket.  His nose was apparently in on it, too.  He sniffed again.  John, concerned, reached inside his breast pocket for his handkerchief, which he pressed into Sherlock’s palm, his hand lingering perhaps longer than it should.
When John came out, he risked a glance into the room across from the kitchen.  The small sitting room had an entire wall dedicated to books; Owens was clearly an avid reader.
“Please spare John any incriminating stories,” Sherlock said.  He actually looked mildly embarrassed.
) boasted an extensive range of interesting bar food.  Sherlock promptly ordered a double order of chips infused with truffle oil and tossed with parmesan, much to John’s surprise.
“Please, sit.”  John paused just long enough to let Mycroft know that he was sitting because he chose to, not because he was told to.  Might as well be civilised.  John put his cane next to the table as Mycroft first poured tea, then reached for his briefcase, setting it down on table, and opening it.  He procured a manilla envelope, which he opened in front of him.   He read: “John Watson, thirty-eight.  Born and raised in St Albans.  Mother Susan and father James, deceased.  Older sister, Harriet Watson, alcoholic.  One long-term relationship with one Mary Morstan prior to your military service, and a rather, um,
He felt Sherlock’s slender fingers dipping between his cheeks, petting the soft hairs, gently rubbing over the sensitive pucker of his anus.  Sherlock had slotted himself behind John’s body and was gently mouthing at the small of his back, running his other hand over John’s front, caressing his abdomen, occasionally reaching down to his cock and balls.
John looked at her as if she’d grown another head.  Harriet, his lesbian drunk of a sister, for once looked better than he did.  They were so much alike: nearly the same height, their hair almost the same length, the same storm-blue eyes, turned up nose, and thin lips.  Harry had a trim body with barely any breasts to speak of, but she could look very feminine if she wanted to; when she went out clubbing John had to admit that she could look rather attractive.  Just like her brother, she never had any problems finding someone to go home with, and just like her brother, had always had problems with any type of commitment.  She was also beginning to look hard, the features their mother had once called “elfin” had given way to that sort of worn look alcoholics have that ages them prematurely.
They were quiet for a while.  The wind blew gently, making leaves on the trees whisper to each other.
“Well, I’m binning this.  Even if I could get the, you know what, off , that oil’s never coming out.  Disgusting.”
BOOM!  The rapport of the shotgun echoed off the house.  In the white-gray sky, a pheasant turned topsy-turvy and tumbled to the ground.
And so they did, connected in the most intimate of ways, still within the walled garden of their bed.  John caught the briefest hint of heather as the wind blew, a faint perfume mingling with their own scents.
John again was fully appreciative of the rooms he saw - most were in use, but the Mediterranean (reserved for facials and body treatments), Scandinavian (a massage room), and East Indies (featuring a small, private pool) rooms were vacant.  “Who did the decor?” he asked as they passed a closed door marked
“No.  Look, John.  Most murderers have motives, unless they’re completely deranged.  Greed, jealousy, and revenge are the most common.  Fame, sometimes.  Whatever happened in that garden wasn’t premeditated.  Something must have happened, something heat-of-the-moment.”
The woman’s breathing had become desperately laboured.  John parted her mouth to see if somehow she had inhaled something that had clogged her windpipe.  Her tongue was completely swollen.
“Um, Sherlock?” he asked, carrying the container in and depositing it on a free spot on Sherlock’s new worktop.  “Please tell me there aren’t human parts in this.”
“Start on your samples?” John asked, half in jest as he loosened his tie and flopped down into his chair.  It had been a fairly busy day, what with one nurse calling in sick and another having been called away to care for her son who had fallen and broken his wrist.  Not one to ever balk under pressure - in fact, it usually forced him to perform better - John handled the rest of the afternoon with aplomb, but he was tired.
“I was disappointed once,” he said.  “I do so hate to be disappointed.”  He opened the gate and strode in like he owned the place.  He was nearly inside the structure when he looked back at John, who still stood outside.  Breaking and entering really wasn’t on his list of socially acceptable activities.
“No, no fairy tales; they have happy endings, right?”  He looked at John to clarify, as if he didn’t really know.
But amid the cacophony of 50 calibre BMG rounds, the distinct chatter of insurgent-held Kalashnikov assault rifles and AK-47s, the screaming of the soldier to the left of him who’d lost most of his right leg, his brain could no longer keep up.  Rational thought was quickly fleeing.  They had been outnumbered and not expecting the village to be armed to the teeth.  Most of his team had already been injured when he went down.  And Murray -- Murray couldn’t hear him.
He made it to the plastic tarpaulin before turning around and walking slowly back down the hallway before letting himself back into Sherlock’s room.
“Thanks for that.  I’ve alerted the medical team.  They were busy with some wanker who sprained an ankle attempting to run the course backwards.  They’ll be right over.  Do you know her?”
“How many times have you had this particular massage?”  Sherlock asked, coming to squat down next to the woman.  John tried not to roll his eyes at his friend’s feigned concern - Sherlock was in the wrong line of work.  The man deserved an Oscar.
Before his relationship with great detective of 221B Baker Street finally spilled into the realm of the romantic and sexually intimate, John’s experience with sex aids began and ended with a silk-scarf blindfold and his now-absent pair of faux-fur handcuffs.  But John didn’t become a skilled army medic without the ability to learn new skills on the battlefield.  Even though he found it initially somewhat embarrassing, within two weeks of opening Sherlock’s X-rated toy cupboard he’d learned how to give as good as he got with the dildo, appreciate the fullness of a butt plug, and enjoy the intensity of a vibrating cock ring.
“I love you, too, you impossible man.”  John leaned forward and nosed at Sherlock’s face until their lips met.  “Let’s sleep now.  Tomorrow we’ll track down Donovan.”
Sherlock sat up, letting the duvet fall and the cooler air creep in, and then crawled over John and back under the duvet, wiggling himself down to the foot of the bed.  John himself didn’t like to be trapped under the covers (hot and claustrophobic), but Sherlock often did.  John presumed it had to do with his sense of smell, the way everything was trapped under layers of cotton and wool, the ripe and heady odours of sex.  He had been known to give an entire blowjob under there, from start to finish.
, glass eyes, natural death, taxidermy likely done in the ‘40s based on the mount, oft-moved, traces of stage makeup on its legs where it was obviously over-handled.  Stage prop, then.  Amateur production of
“Right.  Well, I’m afraid I don’t have many options at the moment, and no other place to be.  I guess I’ll be your man.”
“Do you always repeat yourself?  Yes, my roses.  When I was ten I created my own hybrid tea rose.  Don’t repeat what I just said.”
Sherlock hung a framed picture of the periodic table on the wall along with a specimen case containing several beetles and a bat.  He didn’t say much as he worked, but occasionally hummed to himself, and John found the silence comfortable and somehow familiar.
“And before you associate the way I am with a childhood trauma,” continued Sherlock in a detached, careless tone, “rest assured that I was who I am long before my father died, and likely would have made the same choices regardless.  I’m not to be pitied, John.  I won’t tolerate it.”
There are good ways to wake up.  Waking to the smell of coffee is pleasant.  Waking to a nice closed-room murder is even better.  Without a doubt, however, waking to the feeling of my prick nestled between the cheeks of John’s arse is, without a doubt, my new favourite way to greet the morning (or afternoon, or early evening, or, whenever, honestly).
For a moment John was afraid Owens would refuse.  He looked wary, his thin face creased with apprehension, but then he nodded.
As they made their way to the exit, John saw the robin again, just as it had been before, perched on Sherlock’s ledge.
“I had hoped you’d take on a bit of security work.  Lestrade is here during the day.  You’ll meet him later, I suppose.  But with the renovation work and the valuables the estate houses, I’d prefer a man on the premises at all times.”
He rapped lightly on Sherlock’s door, noticing that the tapestry that had once covered it had been removed.  He heard Sherlock mumble something from inside that didn’t sound like a dismissal, so he let himself in.
John could hear the emotion in Mycroft’s voice.  Not quite anger--annoyance, maybe.  Sadness, certainly.
He followed the stream for a while as it slipped over shiny stones and at one point over a little man-made waterfall toward a fish pond.  He walked around the pond until he came to the small dam, under which the water sluiced out and rambled away from the grounds into the woods.  A small pasture for two horses lay between the pond and the long stone stable building, and John watched them for a while.  Harry had been crazy about them as a kid, but John had always been wary -- they were bloody gigantic.  These two --a black and a chestnut-- looked relatively harmless.
John did, and promised to be back by 8pm.  He made it to Lestrade’s, and enjoyed a perfectly normal afternoon, the box he’d brought up from Mrs. Hudson’s completely forgotten.
John tested it with his foot.  It was actually very pleasant, the water not completely intolerable and the bottom sandy.  Without much thought he waded in and then dived under.
They left their mismatched teacups in the sink and made it to the pool, unbuttoning shirts as they went.
“I would prefer a proper forensics laboratory.  But I’ve managed so far.”  He led John over to a corner where his suitcase had been opened and unpacked.
“We might never find out, Sherlock.  But we should at least try, while we can.  I’ll help you in any way I’m able.”
“Feeling any better?” asked John as he sipped his coffee.  He walked over to Sherlock’s windows and tried to get a look down into the secret garden, but the room was in the wrong position. He could see nothing of the interior of the garden whatsoever.
“No, you’re right,” she interrupted.  “You’re right.  But Johnny, that’s the difference between us.  You don’t even need to think about things.  You wear your heart on your sleeve and make the tough calls and march into danger without a thought about yourself.  You fix people.  But you don’t have to fix yourself.  Because you’re not really broken, not like I am.”
Mrs. Hudson stood at the stove, frying eggs, bacon, and sausages. John’s mouth watered.  “It’ll be just a moment,” she said.  “You two sit down and have some tea.”  An elegant china teapot sat on the table.
It was only later, as he was getting dressed to go out gardening, that he thought that maybe Mycroft knew John loved Sherlock long before he’d actually known for himself.  Maybe he’d been given the green light, the “go-ahead” from the older brother.  Or maybe the more likely scenario: it was just Mycroft being Mycroft.  John shook his head, trying to clear it.  Holmeses.  Mysterious creatures, the both of them.
The pub itself was close to the University of Leeds and drew a younger crowd, although there was a family of parents and several teens seated in the far corner.  John wondered why Mike liked such a trendy spot until he saw the menu. The Prickly Thistle (Yorkshire’s third-best pub, known for its eclectic menu and innovative cocktail list, according to the
“I know,” said Sherlock, voice steely, “that you are stationed here today because your boss finds you irritating and frequently incompetent and figured you could handle something as inane as a race where adults behave like children, making you nothing more than a child care provider for the day.”  He leaned in closer to Anderson and lowered his voice.  John could barely make it out.  “I know you failed to pass the sergeant’s examinations.  I know you more than occasionally gamble, should avoid dairy even though you don’t, and are secretly having an affair with a fellow officer.  I know you liked athletics at school but had disappointing results at county level. I also know that you’ve spent most of today watching the bouncing breasts of the female runners instead of actually doing your job.”
He ignored what Sherlock was saying in lieu of trying to find some food in their still mostly-empty refrigerator when he heard Sherlock shout an exuberant “YES!” from the next room.
“I think it would be highly unlikely that he wouldn’t have taken the ladder down with him if he had simply fallen.  Instinctively, he would have tried to hang on, would have fumbled for it, or knocked it out from underneath him as I did when I fell.  Whoever was in the garden with him must have continued to hold the ladder.”
“No, I know you’re not.”  Sherlock smiled then, a tiny hint of a smile that spoke volumes, and John felt himself flush.
Sherlock stares at him.  A what?  Poppy seed.  He reaches past his science references. Wasn’t there some Shakespeare play with a Poppyseed?  With the fairies?  Does he think I have a fairy?  Does he think I am a fairy?  No, it wasn’t a poppy seed, something else, sunflower or pumpkin or sesame or mustard.  Wasn’t there that one movie with the green lady and the fabulous red shiny shoes and some sort of flying primate and a man who controlled everything who was disappointing in person, (a bit like Mycroft)…there were poppies in that, weren’t there?  It was deleted long ago.  Was there kissing in that film?
His public entries were mostly links to interesting medical journal articles or quick, meaningless posts to prove to Harry that he was coping.  At first he wasn’t even sure he wanted to keep the blog, although he did enjoy writing.  It wasn’t like the whole world was reading it anyway.  There was Mike, who’d always been a bit of a computer geek, and who’d found it right away after John told him that he didn’t use Facebook.  Unfortunately, he made the mistake of mentioning it to Mrs. Hudson, who promptly subscribed, told Molly about it, and invited her friend Mrs. Turner as well.  Sarah subscribed and always commented with animated smiley faces.  He wondered if Ella still checked it, he was sure, even though he had called her to say he was discontinuing therapy.
“My father had a particular habit.  He wore a flower in his buttonhole every day.  Without fail, John.  Every.  Single.  Day.  Mummy tucked one in his lapel on the day they met and he’d done it ever since.  Usually it was one he’d grown himself, outdoors or in a hothouse, but sometimes in the winter months when nothing was blooming, he’d go to a florist and buy a bouquet just so he would have one every day of the week.  It was the first thing he did, every morning, right after breakfast.  He was a meticulous man. He didn’t have a flower when Mummy found him.”
Sherlock grumbled something in response, then saw his brother out.  John went back to his bench and relaxed.  Summers really were beautiful in Yorkshire; he hoped they could return sometime, although he had to admit coming back to the hall as a hotel guest held no interest to him.  Like the seasons, it was time to move on, to forge ahead, to plant new roots in new places and see what grew there.
“No, he hasn’t, has he?  Mmmm.  I can tell.  You’re still wound so tight.  Too bad.  You might want to get after that,” Moriarty says, sauntering over to check his appearance in the mirror above the fireplace.  “I’m afraid Doctor Watson might miss his opportunity.  But then again.  In my experience, tuba players are” -- he smacks his lips and makes a face of disgust -- “a bit slobbery.”
“Yes!” John practically yelled.  It was his turn to look out the window.  “Or at least you’re mine.”
Riding with Sherlock was by far the most exhilarating thing John had done since he’d been home.  Shooting pheasants had been cathartic, but there was something freeing in letting someone else have control for once.  Sherlock took the rural back roads to Leeds, winding through lush, green pastures still covered with morning dew.  Their circuitous path added time to their drive but generally avoided traffic.  He drove faster than he probably should when they hit open stretches of road, taking off too quickly and rounding corners just a bit too fast, just enough to get John’s adrenaline going a bit.  Perhaps being cooped up for so long made Sherlock reckless, made him feel the need to push the boundaries a bit. Something told John, though, that boundaries didn’t mean much to Sherlock in the first place.
“I don’t know what is more terrifying: that I may have found my father’s killer, or that I’ve fallen in love with you.”
Since becoming John’s lover, Sherlock had taken quite a bit of interest in the transport: the physicality of his body, so long ignored, proved to be...not boring.  He’d learned that a spot behind his ear was particularly sensitive under the application of John’s tongue, and that the backs of his knees were an erogenous zone.  He’d known how nearly every part of himself reacted to pain, but learning pleasure was far more intriguing.  In the six months or so he and John had been intimate, Sherlock had learned how to balance his libido with the Work, and, with the exception of a few frustrating arguments early on (turned out that a blowjob
And so, with every press of his hands, every tug, every jerk, every twist and pull, John told Sherlock just how amazing he was.  His slippery hands massaged his lover’s balls, kneaded at his perineum, pressed against his anus with a fingertip until it yielded, then, as lovingly as he could, John Watson took Sherlock Holmes apart with touch alone.
John had a good time.  His monkfish ravioli was excellent, and he and Jenny hit it off; he was thrilled to see her respond and flirt back to his subtle advances.  He looked in every once and a while on Sherlock, who turned out to be rather helpful on some of the more obscure categories but knew nothing about popular culture (Adele who?) or politics (Was there an election recently? Who won?).  For the most part, Sherlock ate his chips and sat quietly, people-watching.  John thought he was playing a game of deduction in his own mind that was far more interesting to him than pub trivia questions.  But he didn’t seem uncomfortable or too terribly bored, so John felt free to continue his flirtation.  Jenny was pretty and clever and funny.  Maybe he’d get her phone number.  Maybe, if he were incredibly lucky, she’d invite him home with her...
