Castiel smiled over his big brother’s words. After what happened tonight, he really do hope that Dean is genuinely interested in him, and he wondered what would happen to them after tonight.
Right after the question was thrown, another waiter came to bring their complimentary mineral water. After said his thanks to her, Dean answered Cas’ question, “Yeah. This is one of our favourite place, Sammy and mine. This was one of the first places we had food in when we first move here.”
The dark haired man took the kitten from Dean’s hand, and it instantly purred happily. “That’s okay, Dean. Thank you. There you are, Misha. You naughty kid. You’re afraid of Juliet, are you?”
Cas smacked his forehead at Dean’s words. Dinner! He forgot to browse on that! “Jesus, I forgot to look for a recipe! I’m sorry, Dean.”
Balthazar chuckled to the question that he remembers was asked by the other party through phone just last week. “Because why not, Dean? Nothing on the sort of rom-com ex-lover’s revenge, that one I can assure you. I don’t want to lose Cassie again.”
"Oh yeah, there were always some law students or fresh graduates went to my dad looking for internship or even advice in how to become a lawyer," Claire answered, "some of them are douches, though."
It was soft, but sending a sharp effect straight down along his spine and had his breath caught in his throat. Cas swore he didn’t mean to, but he could hear himself whimper to the sound of Dean calling his name. Cas didn’t realised that he balled his fist to hold himself steady as Dean moved closer to him, invading his personal space, making his face blushed unapologetically.
“I know, Dean, I’m okay,” as if on cue, his voice started to shook from the cold that started covering him.
Once again, Dean let the smaller man lead him to where he aimed to, and he could only smile while pushing the cart before him.
He heard the question clearly, but Dean felt like he needed more assurance that he understood it. "What do you mean?"
“Dean, that’s dangerous. Your car could hit another car while you were catching your phone. You just put your phone on your dashboard without holders?”
Dean knew that Garth was always the one they could rely on; he was so pure and helpful. Still, hearing Garth offering help to them for the umpteenth time could send warmth to Dean’s chest, and eyes. “Um, yeah, actually, I was wondering if you ever heard of crossing to The Empty?
Castiel almost choked on his pancake, but then he drank his orange juice. “Look, if you want to get committed to one particular person, then go ahead. I won’t stop you, as long as you know you’re definitely happy with him. This man should also respect you for who you are, and obviously won’t be intimidated by what you do.”
“What do you mean you lost your keys, Sammy? Well, I’m not in the city but I’m not far, you wanna wait? Why do you wanna know? Okay, just wait there, I’ll be home in fifteen minutes.”
was Chuck's ending, Dean, it wasn't ours. Everything that came up from that watch is Chuck's work," Sam took the watch from the floor. "When I had this, everything that was shown, nothing-there was no happiness there, Dean. No Cas, no Eileen, no Jack,
Right after Cas answered, there came a familiar rumbling sound from the corner or the lobby. It was the Impala, driven by the valet service to meet the owner. "That's yours," Cas stated.
gardening. Can you believe it? Bobby Singer knitting and gardening!” Ellen chuckled and handed Dean a bowl of salad. “Stop peeking, take this to the table, and get Bobby. He was busy at the garage last time I see. Would be great if he could help me here once in a while.”
Again, Dean chuckled at his brother's reply, "Yeah, thought so. Anyway, the case went downhill and ... I died."
Cas smiled at the statement, “Yeah, I reckoned so. Honestly, I don’t quite follow my siblings’ works. Believe it or not, I only knew about Gabriel’s work – this – this afternoon, before we left.”
“Erotica,” he answered, and earned disgusted groans from his children, before he continued, “it’s something your grandfather, my father, wrote ages ago. Something about humans versus angels and demons, and later God himself. It’s something that wouldn’t hit the well-known bookstore shelves, but gained quite a popularity outside the mainstream audience.”
There was a new voice that made Dean froze on the spot where he stands, and he was still wasn’t sure what triggered such reaction from his body. Was it from the feminine voice, or the fact that Cas was called as ‘Uncle’, which means it was Claire. A family member of Cas’.
The look on Dean’s face was actually enough for Cas to plot his little revenge, however he had completely smitten by the man that he got lost for words.
“So I can hang around at your place without my allergy getting in the way,” Dean rubbed the back of his neck. A gesture that Cas had grown to learn he would do whenever he felt embarrassed. “I, uh, I hope that’s okay. I had the pills in my glove compartment in the Mustang, if you wanna see.”
The question made Castiel raised his eyebrows, “Yes. It’s still in two weeks, isn’t it? I’ll pop by your place and bring her to my place.”
A brief moment where the sky blue met sapphire put a smile on the human’s lips. “Good morning, Misha,” he mumbled to the pillow. Misha, the yellow kitten that he rescued last week, mewed before purring loudly and curled on Castiel’s side. The man chuckled at the soft vibration just below his ribs and played his thumb on the soft baby fur. It didn’t take long for the kitten to had its attention caught on Castiel’s moving hand, next moment he knew the little feline was trying to catch his fingers, and the human happily obliged to tease it more.
Dean let out a bitter chuckle at the question, "Yeah, that probably wasn't a decision I'm proud of. When it happened, Lucifer brought Sam and Jack to teleport somewhere. Jack was drained of his grace by Lucifer at the time. I dealt with Michael to use me as his sword, as long as I took the lead. That didn't end well."
Maybe Dean sensed the awkwardness and hesitation in Cas, maybe he didn’t, but he sure glad that Dean didn’t start on the kiss. “Which reminds me, you have an appointment on Friday.”
In between the planning for tomorrow, Dean’s brain made a quick reminder to ask Cas about that fruit soup thing, maybe they can have it as take away for dessert. It would be great.
He stared at Dean, and wondered how could someone looked exceptionally beautiful when he got so many questions on his look? Of course, Cas didn’t realised that he had been looking for a little too long, and was brought back to the current situation when Dean let out a soft cough.
Cas' apartment was seen before Dean, he decided to park on the parking lot inside the building. After finding a good spot, Dean killed the engine and took a deep breath.
question. There were times where Castiel would catch the eyes of students in the library, and they ended up having a quickie. Sometimes when Castiel was feeling generous, he’d take them to his place. Or go to theirs.
"Yes, it is. I hope they treat my Baby nicely. Sam and I once visited this steak restaurant during one of our road trips, and I have to hand her to a valet. The service was good, but I still believed the girl who did the job took my Baby somewhere and fool around with her. What was her name ... Jessica? Jesse?" Dean babbled and it made Cas went all giddy inside.
“They’re inside, raiding the food stalls. I swear, had they nudged their orientations just a little bit to the side, they would make an adorable couple,” Sam shook his head, “anyway, you two wanna have something to eat?” Sam turned to the men before him in turns.
Cas crossed his arms in front of his chest while leaning his back to the railing, thinking. “That sounded like a good plan, honestly. But, would there be enough time to cook and everything?”
There were so many words that Dean had to process in a short time, with his brain overloaded already.
“Shall we?” Dean pocketed back his wallet and stood up. This time Cas took the jacket and didn’t put it on right way. Dean slightly hoped that he will get the chance to see Cas putting it on later.
nights,” Castiel said in a faux solemn voice that lasted less than five seconds before he finally laughed again.
Castiel snapped his head up, and remembered that Dean had opened the door for him and started the car. “Oh, yeah, sorry,” Castiel hurried to enter the car and put his seatbelt on. “This is a beautiful car, Dean. It’s classic!”
Cas could feel his entire body shivered to the touch, and he really wanted to hold Dean’s hand that was on him, but he couldn’t. He couldn’t even made a verbal response to Dean’s call.
The second time Dean Winchester opened his eyes, it was his turn to be in Castiel's arms. He had his back on Castiel, and he felt the angels' arm was lazily placed on his waist, while the snore was now louder than before.
Castiel never thought what Gabriel called ‘a place’ was something like this, considering the fact that Lucifer hardly ever be in Vancouver. Then when Castiel called his oldest brother to ask if he could rent the place, Lucifer practically threw the key to him and told him to go nuts, free of charge. It was as if Lucifer wanted to give the place for his little brother. Or to get rid of it?
“He’s not here,” Dean answered Rowena’s question before Jack could say anything that would make him feel even more heartbroken. If Rowena had to know Castiel’s fate, then it might be as well Dean who told her what happened, for possessive reasons. “He, uh, The Empty got him. Cas, he, uh, he saved me from Death, from Billie.”
"What? What's wrong?" he asked. Based on the years of living with his brother, this would be the time for him to get some sassy feedback about cholesterol, blood pressure, age, or anything else on the field.
The shorter man stalked inside the room and sat on Castiel’s examination chair, “Your ex and I are going to have dinner tonight.”
This time, Dean groaned in frustration, but he kissed Cas all the same as he pulled his cock out entirely, then lifted the other man while still kissing him and brought him to the bed.
“Castiel is so cute, I’m not sure if he’s a kitten or a puppy,” Charlie was practically bouncing on her seat. “The way he was looking at you, Dean … it was like you were The One Ring, and he was Gollum!”
He could feel his smile faded, and turned to laughter, that followed by Dean’s. They both laughed like a couple of idiots (in love), before Cas managed to make a sound.
There was a momentary silence in the room, before Dean spoke, "So it was like that bomb used by the friar in
After a few hours, they arrived at Hastings. The town was still as empty and deserted as before, even after Chuck had lost his powers. However, now that Jack had transferred his grandfather’s powers into him, the boy was quite confident that he might be able to do a thing or two. The car stopped at the street side, near a gas station where they first met up after things went fucked up.
well-built, he had the most delicious broad shoulders Castiel had ever seen. His messy floppy brown hair had some strands fell to his forehead, and his bright green eyes were almost hypnotising. Then the scruff — oh, the
“Great! Oh, Cas, Sammy’s calling, I gotta answer this. I have to answer or he’ll bitch. So, I’ll see you tomorrow, yeah?”
And there he was, sitting on the edge of the table across from Dean’s, talking to someone on his phone. He looked somewhat irritated, but at times he chuckled softly and talks in a manner that Dean once recognises as affection for significant other.
Then came light footsteps approaching them. As the older hunter looked up to the figure standing before him, it could be seen that he tried to roll his memory of faces he met throughout the years of his life. Until one of them matches the face that looked down to him.
Dean chuckled at the question, “No, I haven’t. It’s just … funny, because I have a younger brother called Sammy as well. Samuel.”
Dean closed his prayer with a sniffle, and then he pushed the base of his palm to his eyes in turn before he looked at his phone again. “Right, Jody.”
Dean noticed that the doctor wore his thick-framed glasses again, and made him looked a bit owlish. His raven hair was a bit tamed today, although it still looked chaotic for a doctor. Dean also noticed how Castiel bit his bottom lip lightly when he paused to memorise something before adding notes to Dean’s file.
There was a jolt inside his chest as Dean heard his brother mentioned a gender. The actual fact was, lately, Dean felt he was more attracted to
Now, Castiel lived in the penthouse at one of the posh apartments, just outside the city, all by himself, and he owned an SUV and a motorbike to go around.
He knew that he practically raided the brothers’ fridge for his salad, but Cas wanted to contribute something to their dinner and he was so excited about it. He knew Dean probably wouldn’t have salad, but Cas would love it if he could push Dean on having his salad.
When it finished, Cas saw Sam stretched before rising to his feet and turned around, “Guys, I’m tire-whoa … Cas, you alright there?”
"Thank you, Dean," Cas smiled, and wished for Dean to kissed him again. He would love to have Dean's soft lips on him one more time. But he knew they wouldn't do it in front of the others.
Throughout the drive, Dean couldn’t stop working the gears in his head, trying to find a way how he could get Castiel out of The Empty. By far, he only knew three people who had been there and made it out alive, and one of them was sitting in the back seat of the car. However, all of these people weren’t entirely human when it happened.
"So is it only Sam or can I go to your apartment to get your stuff, while Sam extracts Jack's grace?" Dean rose up from his seat.
,” Abaddon shrieked when Castiel pinched her waist right after she said that, earning a burst of laughter from Charlie. She was about to return the pinch to his big brother when she noticed that one of her friends called her. “Oh, I think we’re going now. Really nice to meet you, Charlie! Next time we meet, we’ll talk about
“Alright, boys, I guess I’ll see you soon,” Crowley waved before walking to his car, “thank you for the laugh!”
An expression gesture that Dean had always admire, the one where his smile would show a little of his perfectly healthy teeth, and his eyes would narrowed, although one still could see the blue irises of his eyes. That was the smile that would make the owner looked vulnerable, while at the same time you know he could move a
They might not be what people said an ideal bunch, but Dean wouldn’t mind calling these people his family.
“If only I knew, Dean,” Cas answered teasefully, yet honestly, “Gabriel never told me what he was working on here. He only said that he, uh, he had work here for a week. That’s it.”
Jack’s innocent question broke Dean’s attention from his laptop and addressed the young boy in front of him instead. For that quick moment, Dean felt like a widower who had to deal with his child’s questions about his late spouse.
There was a pause from Sam’s direction, “Yeah, that’s the most cliché thing I’ve ever heard. You’re hopeless in this, Dean.”
Reflexively, Castiel pulled his phone away from his ear and looks at the time showed on the gadget. “It’s still five-fifteen, I thought he was my six o’clock?”
Dean could feel his chest thundered and his throat was choked to that memory, it was one of his favourite past times with his mother.
Dean couldn't blame Sam for acting that way. It wasn't even a year ago, his little brother finally had Eileen in his life again, only then to lose her for the second time because of Chuck.
Dean explanation made Castiel laughed nervously before taking the gadget and typed down his number to the phone, and made a call to his, before returning it to Dean. “Now I have your number as well,” Castiel said.
Rowena's response brought a chuckle to Dean. He put the coffee cup in his hand on the table and began, "Exactly. We didn't know who Death is now after Billie was taken by The Empty. Then Eileen came up with a great question that eventually led to another great question by Jack."
Right after Castiel said it, he spurted out liquid ropes of cum on Dean's stomach and chest. Then he dropped on his arms while puffing for breath, and he looked heavily flushed on the face.
Those were three simple words that came as an answer, but the effect on Dean was magnificent. He could feel his knees weakened and he could feel his jeans got even tighter than before at the look of Castiel’s naughty face.
“You might,” this time it was Eileen who spoke, “based on Sam’s story, Gadreel’s grace was fading each time Cas tried to heal him. While with you, Cas didn’t heal you. So it would be possible that the archangel grace in you is stronger, so it might still be there.”
"Yet you already showed me one of the most interesting stories I've ever encounter. And I used to work in a porn production," pride was slithering through with every word that came out from Gabriel's mouth, although it was hard to read, whether he was serious or mocking. "And to be really honest, Cassie, you had been really subtle with your preference, even at
"A few years later, Sam went to Purgatory with some sort of human smuggler demon. He needed to finish a trial, that one of them was taking a soul out from Hell and moving it to Heaven, and the closest possible way to do it was through Purgatory."
It was unfortunate that Dean is allergic to cats, Castiel would love to have him back in his place. Probably watch a film on his couch, share the bed, or have breakfast together on the balcony while watching the city started to get active in the morning.
It probably wasn’t the perfect kiss, since he hardly did anything to return it. Instead, he was standing there with his mouth opening and closing, which made him sure that a ten-year-old might have a better experience of kissing than him tonight.
The girl laughed at Castiel’s frustration. She knew how much Castiel hated his obnoxious big brother.
Dean then showed them the waiting area, where they could sit comfortably while he went to find a table for them. The girls spent the waiting time chatting about their day and work. Claire, Alex, Patience Turner, and Kaia Nieves had known each other since high school, and they became the best of friends until today.
“Come on, Dean, surely your home had gorgeous view as well, in the suburbs?” Castiel served his guest first before taking some for him.
“How is that not simple, Uncle Cassie? You guys liked each other, you kissed. That surely had mean something, why didn’t you two talk about it?”
Eileen giggled when she saw Rowena called Sam, and Dean noticed this. He moved closer to the girl and tapped her shoulder to make her turn, so she can see his mouth before speaking, "You seemed to enjoy Rowena and Sam's relationship."
Some students helped him tidying up the hall, then said goodbye to him. After he gave them a quick wave, Dean went to get his phone, and he could feel his face flushed real fast when looking at the screen.
was your question? Fine, if you asked for trilogies, the original is still the best. And if you asked about the best film post-Disney, i would say
While Dean went inside, Castiel finally stood up. He brushed the back of his pants with his hands and leans the lower of his back to the stone railing. He knew that when Dean returned, he will still have the goofy grin on his face, and Cas couldn’t really care about that at the moment. He was still on the high from Dean
my life. How in the world you could find all of those good things from me, while I always thought the exact opposite of everything you said, it was-it was-” Dean could feel his voice starting to break, and he couldn’t go on.
When he was doing the buttons of his shirt, his phone chirped; it was the address of a diner where they would meet up. He consulted Google Map on his phone and learnt that it was nearby.
"Dean," Cas shifted, so he was now had his chin on Dean's chest, "I love it. Thank you for accepting me here."
Dean wiped his tears before answering her, "I need to get to The Empty to save Cas. It's the place where angels and demons go when they die, and none of us knows how to get there. The only one who's been there and returned safely, without being fully dead, was Cas."
Dean climbed out from his car, but on the next second he changed his mind and returned inside. He leant sideways to open the glove compartment and took out a small plastic package with pills in it. He popped one into his mouth, then he stepped outside of his car again. Dean walked to the main entrance and pressed the button next to the word ‘Novak’ and waited for Cas to answer.
He blinked when he met the colour. He knew those green orbs. He knew those particular green orbs, and who owned them. He would recognise them out of anyone in the world, he would … love to meet the owner.
As they sat on the war table, that sometimes also worked as the dining table, Dean couldn’t help but feel some warmth in his chest when he saw people that gathered around him. His brother, the son that he helped raised and took care of, also the mother of his former frienemy that he knew he could trust her with almost anything that happened in his life.
Dean felt like a deer that got caught in the headlights, “I don’t know, maybe seeing me and this person having dinner together might made you bored and sick?”
The man before Cas was about to turned around when Cas decided to be bold and caught Dean’s shirt collar and crashed his lips to Dean’s. The kiss was even rougher this time with tongue and teeth took part in exploring each other’s mouths. Once again Cas was pushed back to the fridge and he felt Dean fisted the back of his hair.
A waiter who suddenly had stood next to his chair distracted Dean from his phone. He pointed to a picture of nachos and tacos to sign him that those would be his order for thay night, along with a bottle of Corona. When the waiter repeated his order, Dean’s phone chirped again.
Dean cackled as he heard Jack’s offer. “And you said you’re not the new God. Let’s get back to the bunker first, and let’s hope that this time Cas will appear there, instead of in the middle of nowhere like the last time.”
Something on the back of Dean’s mind told him that whatever he had with the adorable man might work out.
They fought more than these. They fought practically half of the undead residents of a public cemetery when Chuck went ballistic and claimed that it was the end for them before he killed Jack. Four vampires shouldn’t be a fuss for them.
The man woke up right after the alarm on his nightstand rang. Eight in the morning. He tapped the top of the alarm to shut it off, and rolled to his back before he pushed himself to sit up on his side of the bed, practically providing a vacant spot on his side. He stretched and looked around to find his bedroom was just as messy as it was when he went to sleep last night. His jeans hung on the half-opened drawer, and there were a camouflage shirt and a flannel shirt thrown carelessly on the green chair. Moreover, there were beer bottles spread around all over available tables and shelves.
Dean put back the comic book down on the coffee table next to the sofa he was sitting on, and followed the nurse, Meg, to Castiel’s room.
While the other three were arguing about the importance of seat belt in a car and how the Impala had survived any fines and accidents even without it, Dean’s mind wandered on its own to a certain man with dark hair, blue eyes, and sheepish smile.
Dean chuckled at the answer that was delivered with Cas’ regular monotone, then he pulled a dark blue shorts before turning and walked closer to his guest, “Here, then. Come on, I’ll show you the bathroom.”
It was quick, and Dean moved entirely out of reflex when he heard Crowley shouted, he turned to Cas and held him close. He covered both of them with his jacket, carefully not stabbing either of them with the angel blade in his pocket.
– his brain not to move his body forward to kiss Dean, instead he stared longer at the taller man before him.
“Let him off, Winchester, you love your chick flick,” Charlie got up from her seat and switched the film.
Rowena smiled at Bela, then she gracefully turned to the other people in the room, "I always love to listen to old stories about my Fergus from her."
The two brothers then continued to process the information from the sergeant and their father’s journal to predict where the vamp-mimes would go next. Also, the pattern of families that they would target. Then they planned out a way to outsmart the vamp-mimes.
Dean was quite sure he never saw the type of death-scythe like what was in Crowley's hand. It was jet black, with a vast opaque half-crescent blade that shone in silver, and on the back of the head of the staff, was a shape of a ferocious canine. That most likely was a Hellhound. Then on the neck part of the hound was a sleek spiked collar with a chain connected to the part where the blade's sharp detail met the handle. It wasn't hard to see and admit, with Crowley, he really paid attention to appearance.
Even his steps felt lighter with the idea of adopting a stray kitten and taking it to his new home, Castiel walked to his office and closed the door before placing the small feline on one of the chairs in front of his desk and sat on the floor looking up to the animal. “Hello, kitten. Guess, you’re mine now. Shall we give you a name?”
“Okay, fellas, I’m finished for the day!” Gabriel announced cheerfully, “Thank you for looking after my brother and niece.”
a bit low for end of spring, with summer just around the corner it wasn’t supposed to be this cool, at least not on
That probably one of the moments that Bobby missed the most since Dean found his passion with Blue Remington, and Sam started dating Eileen. On the other hand, it made him happy and proud that the boys he took care of since they were kids grew up great and found their own happiness. In their own ways.
A defeated sigh came from the receiver this time, “Yeah, Luci had called me with a long list of Do’s and Don’ts for her. Like she would ever follow that list!”
“But I did pay for the treatment with money,” Balthazar smiled. “Have you asked the school, if they would cover it for you?”
He could feel his heart skipped a beat when he saw it. He was quite sure that it also is shown in his expression. He might have found it today, of all days.
“Well, yeah. I saw you checking out guys several times. Especially ones in leather, uniform, or even trench coat. What’s with the trench coat?”
After making his order, Dean went to one of the long tables and sat there. The place was not as crowded as lunch time, and Dean wondered if the blue-eyed man will be here at four o’clock in the afternoon.
The sharp answer managed to made Gabriel turned. “Well, well,” he started, “someone was having an interesting time out there?”
“Oh, um … is your show finished?” Cas asked, and cursed silently in his mind when he heard Dean’s giggle.
They agreed that it's time to rest. Sam went to collect Eileen from the Archive Room, then he told Dean and Rowena that he'll send Jack to bed as well.
“Dinner and movie it is,” Cas almost couldn’t hear his own answer due to the loud thumping inside his chest. “Um, still Friday?”
Those were all it took to made Dean went all sweaty on his palms and felt the need to stand up and relaxed himself. He saw one of his students, Krissy, was having problem on doing the shoot, so he went down and helped her.
“Because you had cooked me dinner last time,” Dean put the leather folder before him and put his credit card there. “Besides, I’m the one dragging you for dinner here. ‘Sokay, Cas.”
" in his signature manner, Crowley added a dramatic pause while taking a sip from his drink. "You have to make him want to release Cas for you to take your angel home. That I can't help you."
"Dean, where are we going?" Cas asked when he realised that they were heading the other way from Dean's bedroom, that he was really familiar of.
And with that, Cas didn’t know how to continue. Should he be asking Dean to babysit Juliet with him instead? Would it be okay if he took Juliet to their dinner? She’s probably only a puppy anyway, how big can a
Dean and Sam comparing the futures that they saw from Chuck's pocket watch, that neither of those had Cas nor Eileen in them
“Yeah, see how did it turned out,” Dean responded bitterly, “I let you go this time, Sammy. But next time you mentioned her name, as promised, I’m gonna break your nose.”
“Cas, what are you doing here?” Dean had known the answer, but somehow he needed to ask Cas, just to be sure. He might be wrong, though, because Cas never told him in detail about his plan for tonight. But most importantly, he had to hold himself not to grab the shorter man and gave him a crushing hug.
“Hello, ladies,” Dean returned with a smile and four menu books, as a sign that his search came to a good result. “I found a table for you guys if you’d follow me.”
He was so deep in his thoughts about reuniting with Cas that Dean didn’t realise Sam and Eileen had stood next to his car.
Both men, who were that close to be fridge magnets, were laughing in low voices. Cas circled his arms around Dean’s neck as he felt the other man bracketed him with his arms on the fridge. He also took a quick note that apparently Dean tend to have foul mouth when he was nervous. But he didn’t mind, somehow it was adorable.
“I thought that wasn’t a memory that you’d like to recall?” Dean asked and raised his eyebrows. If he had to be honest, it also wasn’t the memory from his past that he was fond of. The time where he had to kick newly-human Cas out from the bunker, right after he could have him under the same roof, and protected him. All because of Gadreel.
He sighed as both Romeo and Misha sniffed on the colourful flowers while moving from one bush to another. As he stopped there, he knew that it was obviously
“Hey, you’re done?” Sam suddenly came with a huge bowl of potato chips and put it on the table in front of Dean. Not long after, Eileen and Jack followed, each carrying a six-pack and a bowl of boiled edamame.
Chuck looked even more panic as He saw Sam and Dean, followed by His grandson, all walked past Him. As if He was a pile of unworthy rubbish for them to even pay attention to. Chuck quickly lifted up His head. “Wait, what?”
“Yeah, I’m driving. But, it’s alright. Thank you, Dean,” Cas received the drink from Dean and took a sip, then he had lost count how many times he and Dean got involved in a staring contest that night, and he actually enjoyed all of them. Only this time, he felt like he should say something. He didn’t want to send the wrong signals to Dean.
Castiel followed Claire upstairs and tucked her in, just like what he usually did when she was little. After planting a kiss on top of her head, he took a bedsheet, two pillows, and two blankets from his wardrobe, then headed downstairs again.
“Salad sounds good,” Cas walked pass Dean, who was holding the door and then he made sure the door was locked. “Kale salad?”
The angel smiled as he stepped closer to Dean’s personal space, following the slight tug that he felt from the belt. “Well, my tasks from Jack had finished, and clearly you and Sam would need an extra hand if you guys wanted to hunt again. If that would still be a thing with you two?”
“Giving too much information?” the man turned around as he threw the sass. “Well, he managed to trick us all. I still believed he was Chuck the Prophet until he revealed himself to me four years ago. I even mocked his work,
“Uh, what now?” Dean looked in puzzlement to Cas, who looked as surprised as he is, if not in horror. “Hi. Claire. Yes, Cas mentioned that you’re coming over. How’s it going?”
"Now, this one," she showed the small leather pouch in her right hand, "I will put this inside of you. Once it is activated, Fergus will be the one who makes you die and take you to The Empty. While this one is what you asked. Use it right away to make the effect stronger. Now, are you ready?"
"Yeah," Dean chuckled, "well, you remember when we went to the alternate universe to trap Lucifer? Turned out that the universe still has Michael. Long story short, the Michael and Lucifer showdown that was predicted years ago did
When he got to his vehicle, Castiel turned the engine on and while his steed was releasing a mechanical growl, he  popped in his earphones before putting on his helmet. He stood still while calculating the distance from his workplace to his destination. When he remembered the route that he had to take, Castiel took a sigh of relief that he rode his bike today.
For the second time that night, Cas’ neck made out a soft crick due to turning his face to fast. “And who will be driving my car home, may I ask?”
Monday night, Crowley dragged him to another dinner with Balthazar, said that it has been a while since the three of them catching up. Of course, Castiel found out that that was
“I’m not exactly a going out type, except with these girls,” Patience waved her hands to her friends, “but I don’t hate this place as somewhere to unwind after a long hard day of study. Is it always this crowded?”
If he thought about it, that might have sounded fair, since Cas probably hadn't been asleep since he became an angel again a few years ago. Dean turned and suddenly had Castiel's face nuzzled to his chest, which he wasn't sure if the other man did it on purpose or he did it in his sleep.
Dean looked to Bela, who actually stared back at him with a smile. The one that Dean suddenly recalled was always shown whenever she was up to something and would get the boys in trouble. "Uh, well … you really would do that? I mean we, I wasn't particularly nice to you right until your last moments, you know."
It didn’t took them long to discuss on moving all the way to the other side of the country, continent even, and start their new life around their new house, although Sam was hesitated at first, because he was more used to live in small apartments, although they have to move every few months due to their unstable income.
Castiel laughed, “I don’t know, Dean, some of those teenage horror series could really be good if they had good writers. Although, what your students were telling you sounded like straight out from some Japanese horror flick, or comic, I don’t know.”
Jack smiled in relief when he knew that Dean was no longer upset. "I understand how much you love Cas, Dean, and maybe don't let Cas' sacrifice go in vain, by dying."
“I’m sorry, Dean,” Castiel took his leather jacket off, not knowing what his movement did to the man sitting in front of him, then he sat before Dean and took the menu. “Have you ordered anything?”
“Fuck you,” Cas shot, and it made Dean was slightly taken aback with a laugh. Apparently Cas had made himself really proper for Dean all this time, that even swearing came as a surprise for him.
century. Still, Castiel admitted that there was a cheeky ring there that people would remember. Moreover, it wasn't only in the name, but also the way the place was designed.
“Um, no, I live just outside the city central. Took about forty minutes riding my bike, sometimes an hour if I took the longer route.”
The smile on Cas’ face went wider as he heard Dean’s question that was accompanied with soft expression and a smile.
Dean chuckled at the other man’s question, “Friday, I’ve got an appointment with you, and we’ll go pick up Crowley’s dog, right?”
"Sure you can," Dean smiled and kissed the back of Cas' hand, "also, um, I'm sorry I didn't stop you when you left, Cas. I'm sorry that I was so afraid to show or tell you how I truly feel. And what was worse, I was so afraid that my feelings would be so obvious that I started to mistreat you."
"No, I didn't," Dean rebuffed it, "it was such a surprise after seeing Cas and other angels in sharp suits, then there was Balthazar in his European style."
While having his dinner, Cas looked to people who were with him and found it unusual. There were his brother and his niece, his ex-lover, then his current crush, with his brother and best friend. It was as if Cas was the main character of a teen series, where the world would revolve around him.
"Okay, maybe we can go around the matter," Rowena opened a notebook that suddenly appeared out of thin air. "How many afterlife places that you and your brother, or anyone in your vicinity, could go without being
Castiel felt comforting warmth flowing inside him and pooled on the lower of his stomach, when finding out that Dean still remembered the small fact about their brothers that they were talking about around half hour ago in his practice.
Dean felt his eyes started to water again at the sweet gesture. Three times. He had cried his heart out
“No, Crowley, I’m still working on today’s patients’ paper works. I think I’m just gonna delivery. You want anything?”
Dean moved closer to his brother and tried to read the page. That was in Enochian. He looked up to Sam in questions as he rested his backside to the table. “So, you’re saying that I still got a bit of Michael inside of me? An archangel grace?”
Castiel was slightly taken aback at what was shown behind the dark lenses, a pair of eyes that could stare deep into one’s soul, and at the same time they would give you comfort. He never saw such eyes before, and he worked as a dentist, where he could exchange looks with his patients at will. Castiel squinted, in hope he could see the colour. As far he could tell they were bright, but he wasn’t sure exactly … perhaps, if he could squint a little bit more …
The shorter man smiled and looked up to the night sky, which supposed to be filled with stars had the lights from their venue weren’t so bright. “Yeah. Gabriel was the kind of person who lived for today, where as I … well, I think too much, I guess.”
I based their home on The Bunker, well ... sort of. I'm no architect, so hopefully the house makes sense.
He couldn’t contain his laughter and tears of joy when he heard his name rolled from Castiel’s mouth. He missed that silly husky voice. Dean invaded Cas’ personal space in one step and bumped him with a bear hug. He could feel Cas squinted in confusion and, if he could, he might tilt his head as well, but Dean didn’t care. He broke the hug and placed both of his hands tenderly on the sides of Cas’ face.
“Yeah, sure, brother,” Benny replied with a strong Southern accent and he sounded like he dragged each word that came out from his mouth. “Show the way, Claire, I’ll follow.”
Gabriel moved a little to give Pamela a better look at the man with blue eyes who was with him. "Pamela, meet Castiel, my baby brother."
“Sammy. Long story short, he played a part in school drama as an Alfie, and the name stuck with him.”
Dean also wondered, of all the moments he could bring his attention back to the conversation, why would it be right when Rowena teased him?
Dean saw Cas' eyes were filled with raw lust and passion, then he grabbed Cas hips before the man moved again above him. "Oh fuck, Cas, you feel so good."
“Dean, are you driving while holding your phone?” Cas suddenly felt uneasy at the fact Dean just revealed.
“Whoa, whoa, one at the time, please?” Dean raised one of his hands that were not on the steering wheel. “Balthazar, Charlie, thank you, and Sammy, yes, Cas is my Friday dinner guest.”
The small pack of dip had exchanged hands and Dean read what was on the lid. It’s Thai, it got capsicum, lime, and chestnut. Sounds delicious. “No, I haven’t, Cas. Guess I will give it a try tonight.”
Castiel then worked on his laptop to upload the files that their supervisor had sent to him, as the senior translator, right before he went out for drinks. Now he remembered why he couldn’t recall it. While waiting for the uploading to finish, Castiel noticed that his team had returned to whatever they were watching before.
actually knows what we are doing in our daily life, except people we are here with, and here you are, asking about your work?”
“Uh, yeah. I never had my teeth checked, so I don’t know what’s comfortable,” the blond who was laying down before Castiel chuckled sheepishly.
Dean then followed the dentist to where he was, and as he arrived on the lower room, he saw Cas was in the kitchen and opening every cabinet there. He also found out what made the little kitten hide so far away. Juliet was jumping excitedly at Dean, being curious to the small creature.
“Another classic car, Cas? So, you already had one?” the PE Teacher hoped that his nervousness and soft laugh couldn’t be heard when he threw the question. Dean remembered something that Balthazar had told him about Cas, but tonight he was completely forgotten about those.
“Ooh, we hug now apparently,” Rowena chuckled and returned the embrace. “Well, Jack suddenly popped down in Hell and asked me if I want to join him visiting you boys. So, it was Charles after all?”
On the other hand, Cas was grateful that Dean didn’t brought up the topic of their first awkward kiss. Just after he had that thought, Cas saw Dean walked out with two glasses in his hands and a smile on his face.
, when the bus made a stop to load/unload passengers. In less than twenty seconds the bus was full, and Castiel was standing next to an older woman who was holding on the handler. Clearly she was having trouble due to her height, and Castiel felt a bit sorry for her. Not long after, the bus made another stop to unload some of the passengers, and when Castiel turned around, he saw that one of the sitting people behind him hopped off when the bus made a halt at the bus stop, he turned to offer the woman next to him to sit on the vacant seat.
hours when Crowley and him was planning to watch a movie. They decided to buy a hot bun instead from a seller on the side of the road and watch a taxi passenger’s face got paler and more panic for every fifteen minutes with the number on the meter keep going. That would be the day when Castiel decided that if he didn’t have any meetings with friends or colleagues outside the office, he would rather ride his bike to work.
"Oh, I need to hear this. Come on, Dean, tell us," Sam returned to his chair and looked excitedly to Dean's direction, whose face got even redder.
“Dean Winchester sounded like he had a wonderful childhood, despite the ill incident that happened to his family.”
Dean copied his laugh and quite sure even in the dark, Cas could see the shade of red on his face. “Do you want to do anything funny?”
“Of course. Everyone kept saying that Cassie’s gorgeous, it’s not gonna hurt him to know that someone said that he’s Gollum for a change,” Balthazar took out his phone to type a message and then send it. “Samuel, you will have another beautiful brother.”
“Well, I was to because Gabriel started to ask funny questions,” the dentist looked sideways to his big brother, “but now you called, I can distract myself from him through this phone call.”
It took Cas another two seconds to be aware that if he could see Dean’s face and his changing expression, that would mean that the man on the other line could also see whatever his expression was making.
The young teacher was sitting on his working desk, checking on his pupils’ tests, his eyebrows occasionally rose reading the answers (and cheeky notes from female students, and some males). On the tenth paper, he put them down and ran a finger on his phone to show the time. It’s still four hours to the time, but Dean was excited beyond understanding, and he didn’t know why. Could it be the out of the anticipation that he will see a certain pair of blue eyes and an adorable face that came with.
"Well, because she is," Castiel answered, still as flat as before, only this time it was supported by a shrug.
As Castiel found the source of sound in the living room, he also saw a man — a full-grown man — spread out on the sofa, in a t-shirt and a boxer. He was watching
Dean nodded at the short reply, only to feel like a fool afterwards, since Cas couldn’t see it. “I had good times during both of our dinners,
This time Dean was sure both his brother and his dentist shared the same area of interest, that happened to be something he had a hard time of exploring.
man getting close to Jo, which earned him a knowledge as the wall between them and Jo, even with Jo had a black belt already.
Maybe he did put down his guards whenever he was with Garth since he knew that the hunter/werewolf/dentist would never do as much as hurt him, or even doubt him. He felt like he could be himself whenever he was with Garth.
"Right!" This time, Dean snapped his fingers in agreement with Sam's words before heading to the garage.
He came from a quite big family, there are three brothers – two older, one younger – and one adopted older sister. All curiously named after angels. Oh, his’ was from Angel of Thursday. Even so, his parents were open-minded enough to name their first born
"I want to return what he said to me. The last time I saw him, I didn't get to tell him that, even after what he said."
By the way, I’m having my next patient in five minutes. Is it alright if we continue this later? I’m really sorry. I’ll text you, I promise.
“Okay. Good. Um, so, I will have the nurse to bring your file and get them sorted out for your payment. Uh, you’re using the-“ Castiel suddenly felt like his brain and body couldn’t function as how he needed it. So instead of saying what he meant, Castiel made a card shape using his fingers.
“Okay, I’m off to the dentist, guys,” Dean placed his teaching notebook inside the drawer and grabs his denim jacket and keys, “wish me luck.”
The small canteen is mostly visited by the employees of the building across his practice. It was only a small room with square-shaped windows on top, near the ceiling, and there were four long tables and benches for customers to sit on while enjoying their meal.
“Really? That’s interesting,” again, Benny nodded to the information. “Anyway, brother, I don’t think you should be upset at him for cancelling dinner. I’m sure it’s not his fault, considering the plan you two had made. You might scared him, though.”
Then it was Dean’s turn to reveal his living area, which was almost on the same way as Castiel’s residence, only further. “I think it was the same as you,” Dean started, “the house I live in was not mine, it was my grandparents’. Few weeks after my grandfather passed away, his lawyer visited my brother and me, and said that we inherited a house from him. When we came down to look, it looked more like a bunker, and we loved it. Well, I fell in love with it instantly, my brother had time to adjust. So, a month after that my brother and I moved in to that place.”
Cas laughed, "That sounded like a good idea. Although, I still wondered how did Dean get into The Empty? And how Crowley was even alive?"
Sam was still frozen in shock on his spot from what he saw, “I-I can see that … Castiel? How are you-how are you here?”
Dean waited until the laughter that came from Castiel lowered down. The man in front of him wiped his eyes from the tears.
" Dean laughed, then he turned to get a mug for himself, "Okay, sorry for asking this. Is he-is he a douche?"
“From the change of your look, it means yes. Glad it worked out for you,” Benny jumped off Dean’s desk and went to his own.
It probably took around half an hour for everyone to stop screaming and shouting questions to Dean, Cas, and Crowley about that fact. After eight years since they moved into the bunker, that night was probably one of the happiest moments in Dean Winchester's life.
The dentist laughed, and Dean loved the sound of his laughter. “Okay then,” Cas walked to the side that was the furthest from the door and prepared to lay down.
Rowena then stated, "Could you blame him, Dean? Castiel really was a handsome angel, and I think you had a crush on Balthazar given how you remembered the details of him."
When the view on his screen was moved, Cas could see that Dean was standing up and had the phone lower just before his chest. Cas probably could see what was in Dean’s nostrils if he squint hard enough. The back camera was shaken again, showing that Dean was lowering himself to sit. Then to lay down on the couch.
"Yeah, certainly, don't worry about it. A real pleasure to meet you, Castiel, even for a short time," Dean smiled as if meeting Benny's one-night stand partners is one of his Saturday morning habits. Well,
“Didn’t you have to read the instruction if you want to cook something new?” Cas really enjoyed the ping-pong teasing.
be an issue for them, and they should support them no matter what. That was one of many moments where Castiel felt a deep respect for his mother.
Dean looked up to Rowena with a smile, “It was a tiring few days for us. Give the man a break, will you? I mean, he was quite upset after you were dead, you know?”
"Oh, one thing," Dean jumped in when Rowena had finished her story, "Crowley, what did you do when The Empty was about to attack us? What was that 'haggis' thing you did?"
"Of course, I should. You were lucky it was a slow day in Hell, so I can come over in a short time," Rowena placed both bottles on the table in front of Dean, then when she looked at Dean's face again, she came to a halt. "Dean? Is everything fine?"
Luckily for Dean, the meeting finished before he fell asleep for the third time on his chair. It was one hour early that what he expected, and with him not having classes to teach to afterwards, Dean still have some time to grab a quick meal at the canteen before he got his teeth checked. If it still opened, of course.
Dean obviously would still need Castiel to work on his teeth, and he would love to see the dentist regularly. But would it cause the dentist trouble if he was known to invite his patient over for dinner, shared personal stories about family, and then exchanged number for
The Empty placed an elbow on one of the armrests and propped the side of his face there while crossing his legs, eyeing Dean closely.
The small laugh seemed contagious, because the young dentist felt a light urge to do the same, “Well, I need to be able to see your mouth, the insides of your mouth, to be exact. But, it will only be done well if you’re comfortable.”
The man whose name was called lifted up his face – he didn’t remember breaking the eye-contact. Cas felt Dean’s finger caressed his cheek slowly in a very pleasurable way. He was about to lean to the touch, when Dean moved his fingers to the lower back of Cas’ head, and played with the curls of his hair before making small circles on Cas’ nape.
Cas was at the point that he couldn’t care if he had his face filled with wide smile from one ear to the other, he shrugged at Dean’s question. “I still have no clue, Dean. Uh, I … What’re you good at?”
Once he finished his words, his little brother pushed one of the pie slices to his face and chuckled. It was clearly some sort of blast from the past, where he and his little brother used to prank each other when they first started out their hunting journey together, in search of their father back then.
Dean ended the conversation and announce to the room, “I’ve got a six o’clock appointment now, so I can go to that meeting later.”
“You can call me Cas, Dean, if you want. I like it,” Cas shrugged and smiled to Dean, and he knew his just got wider when seeing Dean returned his smile.
Dean huffed a smile, right behind Cas’ neck, and he could feel the man in his arms trembled with goosebumps. Dean inhaled the scent in Cas’ hair. He knew it was his shampoo that Cas used, but somehow it gave a different sensation to him. Why did that shampoo never smell this good when he used it?
When he saw that his words had the boy's attention, Dean continued, "Cas … Cas is a Winchester, just like you. And if you noticed, Winchesters tend to make stupid decisions when saving others, especially the ones they love. Sam and I, you should know how many times we made deals with demons, angels, everything in between just for the other was safe. Yes, it never ended well, and somehow it just made us more miserable than before. Enter Castiel, it doubled since he, somehow, took up really well from Sammy and me."
There was a pause from Garth’s side. He probably was thinking, either about if he knew someone who would know about The Empty, or about Dean who would go
Pamela loved to work at the bar, mixing and experimenting, most of the time she would give out two or three shots of her newest creation for free during Happy Hours. She was also the one who wouldn't be afraid to go and
“Shut up,” Dean stood up from his chair and walks to the kitchen’s direction while Sammy still chuckled at his own joke, “finish your rabbit food wrap then put the plate in the dishwasher. I’ll meet you in the car.”
The blue-eyed man laughed bitterly when he heard Charlie's words, "I guess. It's funny, yeah? The first person I ever took seriously, and of all people I could lose him to. It was my twin sister."
Somehow the incident managed to made Dean laugh when he heard Castiel’s panic voice calling out his name repeatedly.
“Do you wanna take this somewhere else?” Dean whispered huskily on Cas’ ear as he ran his fingernails across the low of Cas’ back, earning even more moans from the angel.
than to women, and none of his family members knows that, including Sammy. As he mentioned before, he didn't want any drama or nuisance in his life for now, so it would be wise to keep this trivia about him to himself. For now.
The taller man chuckled at the answer and pulled a trolley off its line, then pushed it to the fresh produce area. Cas was still following Dean, while looking at his phone, from the look of it he might be sending text. Or trying to be, since he looked so stressed out with his phone.
Dean had the advantage of looking at the package and the beautiful photo on it. Not to forget the milk, egg, honey, and the ginger combo drink. Given any other time, Dean probably won’t even pick it up. But, since he will give Cas a very weird – entertainingly weird – time during his visit tomorrow night, he would give it a shot.
day, but when he turned around to see, Castiel could feel his heart jumped so hard it almost broke his ribs.
“Ireland,” Sam replied sheepishly, “Eileen and her parents moved here when she was thirteen or fourteen. Then when she was about to enter college, her parents went back to Ireland. Somehow she wanted to study law at Standford back then, and thank God she did.”
For the second time in the past ten minutes, Castiel revised his oath; he will never take the public transportation during morning rush hour on weekdays anymore in the future.
Rowena smiled smugly, "Of course. I'm the Queen of Hell," she said as she clapped twice from where she sat. A few seconds of silence in the library before a familiar female's voice in a British accent was heard in the room.
the lines, I’m quite sure,” when it came to the medical soap opera, Sam had always have the time of his life taunting his brother.
“Um, yes,” Cas tried to smile, even though he could hardly felt his left arm due to Dean leaning on him. “I, uh, I will wake him later. Dean looked so tired.”
, thought it would be funny to have a former King of Hell as Death. I'm not complaining, though. I had a good time reading the books of people's end. Very entertaining. I haven't got to yours though, Dean, I just got to G. There was one book that said 'God', but I'm not sure if it was for the actual God or someone with the last name of God."
All this time, Dean always see himself as a failure, a burden to everyone around him, a grunt who was hard on the edges and would prefer muscles over the brain. That he was not the brightest bulb in the shed, all of his brilliant ideas were of mere coincidences.
The colour of the eyes owned by the man who he thought he had lost the chance of talking to. The man who was having meal, twice, at his sanctuary canteen. The very man who was standing inside his office now.
The next moment Dean knew, he felt warmth, a different kind than what he felt earlier after Crowley shouted 'haggis'. Dean also felt a familiar air surrounding him, as well as the smell. He no longer felt hollow and empty around him.
“Of course, I had waited for you like a good girl here, Dean,” Balthazar closed and locked his apartment door behind him, then he walked next to Dean while having his arm linked to the other man. “So, who’s coming with us?”
All Crowley did was place his palm on Dean's head, and suddenly Dean was in the dark. When he opened his eyes again, everything was still dark, but he could see Crowley in front of him clearly even with the darkness around them.
Castiel looked to his phone and frowned. He was never a misogynist, but there was something on Naomi that he couldn’t quite place and it wasn’t something pleasant. He wondered why his superior decided to hire Naomi few weeks ago. Besides the fact that they were related, quite distantly.
Cas grinned at that, and then looked around his table for a place where he could put his phone with the camera still facing him. He finally decided to put it leaning to the desk calendar. “Okay, I think this will do. Right, I’m having my lunch, Dean. Are you alright watching me eat?”
It took Dean a moment to register which Cassie that Sam and Balthazar were talking about. Balthazar was clearly talking about Cas, but the one Sam was talking about took more time to recall. “Who are you talking abou-oh! Cassie from Ohio? No, not her.”
“Oh,” Dean answered dumbly. “Hey, I could drop you off. I got nothing to do anyway, a quick driving around might be good.”
Dean suddenly bursted out laughing with all his body, right there in front of the vegetables. He didn’t care people were looking at him, he didn’t care that they were talking and questioning him, all he care about right now was he had Cas in front of him, doing odd things that was not dental-related, and he’ll be taking him home after this.
Dean looked into the twin blue orbs that were Castiel’s eyes, and he could feel the words he had prepared to tell Cas just flew right out from his brain. Leaving him with the bare minimum knowledge of words to survive a conversation. “Cas, I-”
The story seemed to caught Charlie’s attention, she moved forward and placed her elbows on the table, “That
Both men were silenced with the story. Castiel still had his smile, while Dean had his face stilled in between surprised and awe.
when that happens. Of course, Pamela would snap him after for not helping, even though she knew that she wouldn’t need any. Then Dean would reply that he didn’t want to take out all the fun she was having.
Dean was still listening to Rowena’s mischievous stories from Cas, when a waitress came and asking them for another order, since the kitchen was about to close in ten minutes. Castiel asked for a hot water refill, while Dean told her that he’s good.
“Shit,” he groaned at his luck before swearing that he would never take the public transportation in the morning anymore in the future.
“I, uh, I wanted to surprise you,” Jack said innocently with a proud smile. His trademark proud smile, the one that could make none of the brothers Winchester would dare to say anything that could wipe it away. “I saved Cas right after we finished with Chuck because I needed his help on something. But, he should be done now.”
He saw Dean’s ears turned pink to his words, and he had that sheepish smile showed. “Nah, I’m sure you are as well, Cas. Especially with Gabriel as your big brother.”
The drumming inside his chest was almost uncontrollable, Dean could feel his head started to ache. Next his ear was hurting, but that might be from the pressure he gave to the phone on his ear. It was when he pulled the phone away and rubbing his ear, Dean heard the gravelly voice from the receiver.
The dentist walked closer to Dean, and let out a sheepish smile, “This, uh, this is Gabriel’s. This is his exhibition.”
Cas stopped his Lincoln at the red light, and while he was waiting for it to turn green, he took out his phone and started to compose a message.
When he saw that their lives had turned to a better way, Dean remembered something that his mother used to tell him before he went to bed, that angels are watching over him. Maybe she was right, an angel did watch over him. And it probably was
“Since when you made the decision on inviting people here?” Dean jumped in, while finishing the curry. “By the way, she’s right, Cas. If you want, we can invite Gabriel over when he’s here.”
Castiel let out a smile that showed almost all of his teeth, they are perfect and almost blinded Dean out of the brightness. “Okay.”
“Oh, that’s great! Hope everything works out for you two to make up for what happened yesterday!” Balthazar patted Dean’s arm proudly, then he turned to Sam who was waving from inside the car. “Samuel! It’s good to see you again!”
push to have him broke down all of his defences that Dean had put up for many years. The guards that only went down a few fair bit to let some people in—people he trusted besides Sam and Cas.
Dean turned to Crowley when he heard the other man giggled at the mention of Castiel and how the angel had Dean in his mind. After he was sure that Crowley had gotten himself together, Dean faced The Empty again. "Billie made sure that when a Winchester died, they went straight to The Empty."
But his brain was currently on overload mode, many things popped up in his mind at one time, yet he couldn’t control it now and then. To add everything up, that one particular memory in the Archive Room would ‘explode’ and it made his head hurt, even his eyes.
"I'm curious. I grew up with the knowledge that there was only Heaven and Hell in the afterlife, Okay, there was Purgatory as well, but it wasn't as discussed as Heaven and Hell."
“Uh,” Dean almost stopped walking when he saw the happiness in Cas’ face, “in your closet, behind the t-shirts. Sorry, I kinda made a mess up there.”
beautiful if he could say. Dean had that reckless boyish charm that made him friendly, despite the first time they met. But, probably Castiel would do the same if he ever had to visit a dentist.
“Oh?” he let out a respond that sounded more like a squeak, and he quickly covered with a soft cough. He didn’t have to turn his face to know that Balthazar, on the other hand, had an excited expression.
"So, what can I do you for, Dean?" Rowena broke the hug as she returned to her chair, and held Dean's hand, like a mother to her son.
“I’m doing well. Not much has changed here, and I think Bobby started to get … old? A few days ago, I saw him reading up knitting
It was as if Dean’s body almost couldn’t help it any longer, but Cas in his dark denim and leather jacket that was zipped up to his neck, smiling had made him have to hold on to Cas’ helmet to keep his balance. And tried to keep his cool.
“Oh, hi!” the girl chirped, “I’m Charlie, I, uh, I worked on the other side of the city,” she leaned forward to the space between the two men on the front seat. “So, you’re a teacher as well?”
Dean felt that his body worked on autopilot. He was there in the kitchen, enjoying breakfast while chatting with people he loved, but his mind and spirit weren’t in the same room.
Of course, he was always glad that he got his big brother, Gabriel, accompanied him. In his own way. Castiel is the youngest of four children, and Gabriel seemed like always seeing Castiel as one of his guinea pigs for his pranks and adventures in baking sweets. Until they were in their late teens, and Gabriel moved out of the house.
He turned to the bedside table — or something resembled it — next to the bed and found his phone there. He checked the time, eight in the morning and two unread text messages from the only woman he would give much affection lovingly. She asked where he was and if a breakfast meet-up is possible.
after I ejected him, there wasn't enough for us to make a spell. Michael had left you for almost a year. If anything, you'd probably healed well, and the grace left in you might even be less than what's in Jack."
It earned Castiel's chuckle before he continued, "I told Dean that my happiness was not in the having of what I want, it was only in my being, in me just saying it."
the photo brought a conclusion to him about the side that he had refused to show his family, except Gabriel.
When he was sure that Cas was ready. Dean pulled his fingers out entirely and bent down above Cas' face, "Are you okay?"
Dean realised that he should let Cas know that didn’t mean to snapped at him. So he waited until Charlie went to dimmed the lights in the room, to gave a cinema-like ambience, then Dean turned his face to plant a small kiss on the side of Cas’ head.
Dean and Cas somehow, at the same time, decided to stop talking and looked at each other instead. Dean eyed how Castiel’s smile could appear in various ways that night, and the expressions on his eyes complimented them. Little did he know that Castiel was trying to count the freckles on his face while having that look.
Cas’ answer brought out a grin on Dean’s face as he continued to take the rest of their shopping items out from the bag. “Don’t mention it,’ Dean answered and ran a hand on Cas’ hair, “come on, Castiel, we got some cooking to do.”
Sam started to walk across the street to observe if people really have been brought back, and Dean followed his brother mindlessly. The restaurants were filled with groups of people enjoying their meals and served by friendly staff, stores are full of customers shopping for their needs. Even Sammy’s cafe that they dropped by before now had a completely different view on the inside.
Both men laughed at that before they did what they were so used to do, eye-fuck, only this time it was more like eye-tender-love-making, that followed with a soft kiss before they lounged inside Baby. Cas laid down on top of Dean, and the hunter kissed the head that full of ruffled dark hair every once in a while.
The question came at the right moment because as she finished the question, Sam and Eileen stepped into the library with a plate full of sandwiches for their lunch, and Dean pointed at them. "They will keep you up to speed, Rowena."
A pair of brown eyes that always glinted with malice was looking straight at Castiel, accompanied with mischievous smile that never failed to made him, reflexively, went stiff and prepared for what sort of plan his colleague had for him this time.
Cas smiled sheepishly at the comment as he replied, “Um, yes, Dean, it’s really me. Jack told me to come here, so here I am.”
The car hadn't even rolled far from the bunker, but Dean’s palms were already sweating. He never felt like this before, not even when he was a teenager. Probably a little when he was about to go on his first date.
There were soft tapping sounds from the tablet that was used as the register as the staff before Castiel calculated his order. Meanwhile, he continued to read the menu and made a soft "ooh" or "aah" every now and then when he read the ingredients in the dishes being served.
“Are you sure about him now?” Sam asked cheekily, earning a light punch on his shoulder from Dean. “Dean, I don’t know if you noticed or not, but the way Castiel was looking at you the whole night, it would put all your favourite chick flicks to shame.”
Cas chuckled, "I'm no longer an angel now. Dean did something with a spell, which I assume was Rowena's, and I'm sure you all helped. Thank you, guys, I don't know how to return this."
Castiel read the address Gabriel had sent him, “I don’t know. I’m not really familiar with this address. Just get ready, will you?”
“There you are,” Dean tried to talk as quiet as he could and scooped the kitten. “Come here, Cas is worried about you,” he put the kitten close to his chest and then looked for Cas. Dean was amazed when he couldn’t find Cas upstairs, but could hear his gravelly voice from the kitchen’s direction.
Even though inside the cafe was spacious, Castiel only saw five tables — three four-seaters and two two-seaters. On each table, he also noticed there was a spring hook being bolted to the wooden wall, probably installed for the pet owners to clasp their pets' leashes.
True, Balthazar used to love him, but it was more to love that came after lust. It was more as a physical connection that leads to a want for the other person to be yours. Now with Dean, Cas was glad that they started off with a good start, getting to know each other. There was a nice realisation in his chest when he traced back to the day when he first met Dean until today, when he could somewhat felt that what they shared was more as an emotional connection.
Cas exhaled before answering, “I, uh, I think it was after lunch. Oh, I remember there was a postman coming after you called, but I don’t think Misha walked out. The postman would notice if there was a cat walking across him, right?”
There was an unusual tone in the other man's voice when he said that, and it was hardly missed by Dean. He couldn't help to wonder if Crowley was thinking that he might have missed being human, or probably
“Yeah, God is a woman! That explained everything!” Charlie sat up straight and had her fist in the air as she anounced the obvious fact of the film. “Are we gonna watch anything else?”
on opening a bottle of wine for moments where they have guests, that were not old friends or relatives.
“Oh yeah, sure, because you going over to his house on Saturday won’t lead to anywhere. You two are just going to sit and watch TV like old married couples.”
“You’re driving later?” Dean handed one of the glasses in his hand, right after he reached Cas. “They only have wine now.”
It was quite tricky to do all that without creating many movements, so Misha the black cat could still sleep peacefully on his chest, and Romeo, the Siberian Husky, could snuggle next to him.
As their hands met, Castiel could feel an electric-like shiver slithered from the back of his neck and all along his spine. He felt like saying more words to Dean. He felt like explaining
The message from Castiel made Charlie turn her head slowly to the direction of the librarian’s table for a few seconds, and then there were sounds of keyboard clicking from Charlie’s direction.
Dean had to bit the insides on his cheeks to prevent himself from smiling so wide as Cas began babbling awkwardly. This was the sight that he had
“The father walks out with the baby, and currently the mother is shouting at the other two,” Castiel didn’t even bother to lower his voice, especially since the mother’s voice could be heard throughout the diner.
The brunette took off her earphones and paused the Korean drama she was watching on her tablet, and looks up to Castiel. “You have a kitten?”
"You're golden, Eileen. This is perfect." He took and wolfed one sandwich before his hand moving to the next one. "Sammy's really lucky to have you, you know. Where is he anyway?"
The man on the phone cringed when he heard the woman’s voice. He never meant to be cruel, but somehow Castiel could never get used to his new secretary’s voice. It was as if there’s something vicious behind the voice that he could never explain.
There came a chuckle at Dean's words from the former angel, he probably didn't expect the man he loved to return his words in this way. Cas also could feel his face blushing, and his heart started to race again.
“Oh yeah, so you’re ready for that now, Jack?” Dean turned to the Nephilim who was drinking his beer with a straw. He set his tired look right away when he saw that, “Really?”
Cas ordered a big plate of green salad and salmon fillet. God knows why did he chose that, but seeing the excited look on the dark-haired man as he saw the dish in front of him managed to make Dean ignored whatever reason came pass. If Cas wanted to eat a horse, and it will bring that smile to his face, Dean will personally shop for the horse.
He got short brownish-blonde hair that was styled neatly, the pair of sunglasses was still on the bridge of his nose – God knows why – although he was inside a room. His attire made Castiel smiled, and he wasn’t quite sure why. Could it be of the reddish-brown leather jacket and dark denim that pressed to his body nicely? Or was it because he’s wearing a leather jacket, along with the sunglasses,
With that answer, Dean knew that this was the real Castiel, the angel who claimed that his “people skills” are “rusty”, and yet after so many years he still struggled with that. But that is what made Castiel … Cas. Dean also couldn’t help to notice the pang of fear inside him, that told him that this Castiel had been reset to the original model. Just like what Naomi did several years ago. The celestial soldier who would follow Heavenly order and had little faith in humanity.
Dean chuckled as his little brother slammed the door to continue his shower, then he walked back to the dining table. He ate his breakfast while watching the television through the living room’s door. He let out another laugh at an advertisement that showed a beautiful woman giving a seductive smile, with her hair flying around her, only to reveal a second later that she was testing a number of fans that she would like to buy through an online shop.
The question from Dean halted Cas on his steps to the chairs on his balcony. “I, uh, I got my tracksuit on?”
Dean had eaten his pasta before answering the question, and it gave Castiel a time to have his as well. “Yeah, it got its own view. It’s beautiful during winter, with all the snow, you know?”
“Castiel, meet Baby. Baby, this is Castiel, he’s helping us with dental needs,” Dean announced playfully as he went to the passenger side of the car and opened the door for Castiel.
"When people got Thanos-snapped by Chuck, you and Jack went to save people from the other universe. While Cas and I-we went to Billie's place and tried to have her stopped the killings, remember?" he looked up to Sam, who nodded without saying anything. He continued, "Well, the plan went bust. Turned out it wasn't Billie in the first place, it was Chuck. But she was already pissed that I hurt her with her scythe. That apparently was a lethal wound for her. So, instead of us confronting Billie, we had her
"This time, I'm doing the moving, Dean," Cas said, that sounded more like a threat than romantic if Dean had to be honest.
He knew that Eileen tried to cheer him up with the cooking, and Dean really appreciated it. At least the bunker felt even more like a home to him, now there’s Eileen with Sam. Dean also saw Jack stepped into the library, looking like he just barely awakened as well.
“Holy shit! That is yours? That’s awesome, Cas!” Dean virtually bounced as he approached Cas’ motorbike. “How long have you owned this? Does it have to be orange?”
Dean smiled, “Not your fault, Cas. Well, it was their mother who lost her life in the fire. Anyway, the boys lived here and there with their father, until a friend of the family took them in, and their father went off. Leaving the boys only with phone calls or messages that came once a month. Dean Winchester had a foster sister from the elderly couple. The three of them were a menace to the neighbourhood,” Dean chuckled to the memory where he, Sam, and Jo stole Ellen’s neighbour’s apples, so they can have Ellen made apple pie for dessert after dinner. The poor neighbour never knew why her apple tree suddenly ran out of fruits that season.
There they were—the missing children. Two boys, small and scared, just like the hunter brothers when they were little when they had to escape from their burnt house almost forty years ago.
Dean finally knew what people were saying about butterflies in the stomach, when he saw Castiel’s shy smile after he shot out the question. “I-I’m going home. I don’t bring my bike today, so …”
His words made the giant man turned to him, and the childishness in his face was replaced by a wise look. “Cas, don’t mention it. You made my brother happy, sure I – ouch, okay! – we would welcome you,” Sam rubbed his side where Charlie elbowed her.
He was too deep in his thought that he didn’t realise that the other people who were on the table with him had set their eyes on him. They started to get concerned since he didn’t make a significant movement or sound for the past few minutes, especially after Rowena who sat next to him asked a question. Dean didn’t even flinch at it.
The dentist was wearing plaid blue shirt under his dark blue sweater, and those denim really wrapped his legs in all the right ways. His hair was ruffled beautifully, it made Dean wondered how did he do that.
With his torch and gun at the ready, the big brother led their investigation further into the barn, until they found a sort of storage room with a closed door. Not to took any possible risks that might occur, the big brother signed that he would open the door. When the younger brother was ready to cover, he pushed the door open.
Just like a normal cat would do, after a while Misha got bored chasing Castiel’s fingers with failed attempts, and decided to climb up the human’s torso, before it stopped on his chest and start kneading his paws there, making the human giggled. The louder the giggle, so was the purr from the kitten, until he carried on and bumped his head to Castiel’s chin and meowed.
Once again, Dean stopped, waiting for Sam to comment. Or asked anything. But his little brother was still quiet, so he took another breath before carrying on with his story.
His final writing for Dean that he could never be with the one he loved. That Dean would live all his life with regrets, that he never told Cas that he loved him, that he has to hear Cas say it first to him, only to be consumed by The Empty seconds later. To save him, to save the world.
Moreover, Cas would also want Sam to try his salad and liking it. Somehow Cas felt he needed Sam to like him, even on casual homey situation, like today.
“Okay, thanks, Jody, thanks a lot,” said Dean before he lined off the phone. He then took a few moments to collect himself before walking out to join the others.
Fifteen minutes later, both men had walked to the parking lot across the road. As they had arranged before, Dean would come to Cas’ practice for his appointment, then he will drive Cas to Crowley’s place to pick up Juliet and dropped them at Cas’ place. So, Cas didn’t bring his car or motorbike to work today.
Cas put his phone down and went to the kitchen to get himself dinner. He found some leftover pasta that Claire made for dinner yesternight, and decided to have it. After he heated the pasta in the microwave, Cas walked back to the living room and found a new message on his phone.
“Um, okay. So, while you both are at it, Jack and I will call Rowena and probably ask her if she could help us with a spell or something.”
"Jesus Christ, I really made a mess last night, am I?" Castiel jogged to the door and put on his shoes. He heard Dean laughed, and it was contagious, as he found himself chuckled while pushing his feet into the boots. "Okay, I'm off. Thanks again, Dean."
“Yeah, sounded like a major work, innit?” Abaddon finally answered after a few moments of silence on the table, and then she took another bite of her cheeseburger.
got up and looked for his underwear, which later he found was under his jacket, then wore the rest of his clothes. Before he put on his clothes, Castiel checked on the mirror whether there were any signs of violence on his body, since he couldn’t remember anything from last night. After turning around
Dean laughed, usually this kind of situation would start to burn his fuse, but somehow he didn’t feel like so now. Is it because of the topic that was going through in his head before? “No, Sammy, really. I’m good.”
“Huh. Maybe you need something different in your love life, Dean,” Sam sat in front of his big brother and opened the doughnut box. “Although, these looked more interesting than having a relationship.”
“Yeah, Gabriel can be a handful,” Cas leaned his back on the chair, unaware that Dean was moving forward on the table, leaning his body weight on his crossed arms over the furniture. “But he really loved his brothers and sisters. Even towards Lucifer, he was the rebel of the family. I was kinda surprised that Lucifer took the path as a lawyer, I mean considering how mischievous he was as a youngster.”
Sure, the bed was enough to contain him and Charlie - and Sams legs - during their movie marathon nights. But Charlie was about
upset at you. But then, as I thought more and as I spoke with Amara, my Mom … she wasn't brought back so I could have a second chance with her. Amara brought my mother back to show me not to live in her myth that I had since I was a kid. My Mom is a person of her own, she wasn't a perfect mother, but she tried. She tried so hard. She also had her wants and needs."
Sam leant forward on the table before he threw his question, "So where were you all this time? You were dead around three-four years ago, Dean prayed to Chuck to bring you back, but nothing happened, and you just became Death a few days ago?"
“Thanks, Cas,” there was a smile in Dean’s answer that made Cas smiling as well. “So, uh, Gabriel knew about you … um, into guys?”
A soft voice came next to him. It was Eileen. Dean felt her squeezed his shoulder in a comforting way, and all he could do for now was smiling at her. He knew that if he said anything, he would break down.
“No, Dean, it’s not that,” Cas cut in, “I was-I was amazed that you asked me that. I mean, it’s been ages betwen Balthazar and I, and I’m quite sure you and him were good friends way before you met me. I don’t think I have any rights to say no to that.”
“Don’t worry, Cas, we’re ahead of our deadline, so even if we only have half of today’s work done, we’re still safe,” another student, Kaia Nieves, smiled at him and returned to her seat next to Jack on the large round table. She opened her laptop and awakened it from Sleep mode, before leaning towards Jack, “Hey, what’s the wi-fi password here?”
The surprise in Sam's voice and expression was an answer enough for Dean to assume that Sam really knew nothing about Cas' deal with The Empty.
"I'm so happy everything worked out for you, darling," he said before pulled himself off Cas, and tapped his cheek. "I'll look after him for you at work."
Cas then continued his story, “I couldn’t find him anywhere. He didn’t come when I call. I don’t know where he is, Dean. An-and the door to the balcony was opened, and he wasn’t there! I-I-I don’t know where to start to look!”
Maybe it would be wise to discuss this with Gabriel. He is, after all, his big brother and his children's uncle. He could be a perfect middle man for this discussion, as he always (or more likely,
“I’m fine with that, Dean,” Jack replied, “besides, even though that happened, I'm here now and still have you guys, and now with Eileen as well. After what you all did for me, I think this should be one way to pay it back. Especially to you, Dean.”
Dean took off his clothes before he pulled off Castiel's boxer. Then he ran his hands on Cas' thighs to calm him down. Although, on the next second, Dean needed to take a deep breath to calm himself down, at the sight of Castiel's cock in front of him. He knew that Cas never had the need to compensate for anything, but he didn't expect him to
Hi y'all! Sorry for the time gap between the previous chapter and this one! But, it's still going, don't worry!
“Thank you, Doctor. Good night. Come on, Ben,” she stood up and took her boy outside to deal with payments.
The sudden hysteric from the young lad didn't seem to bother Dean. he was still sitting with the whiskey glass in his hand while eyeing Jack. The latter stood a foot away from the table and started to get teary. Dean sighed before he got up and walked to Jack, and when they stood face to face, he placed a hand on the back of his neck and tried to find Jack's eyes, only to find the green orbs of eyes were practically swimming in tears.
Amara smiled, “I understand. He fooled us all, he even absorbed me to boost his power. I felt stupid for thinking my brother would grow from this narcissistic boy,” she paused for a  moment before lifted his face and smiled to the rest of the room. “Thank you, to you all, for not killing Chuck. Although I honestly don’t know what to do with him now.”
“Dean, your teeth are doing alright. I can book you for scaling if you want for … next week?” Cas straightened his back after bending over to check Dean’s teeth.
“Yeah, supposedly. My invitation was only for the opening,” Dean mumbled, “I think I’m gonna take my work mate. Oh, um, can I ask you something?”
Dean respected his father, but maybe that’s about it. John was hardly there for him and Sammy. He always knew John wanted the best for his children after the unfortunate accident at their house. Still, he seemed to
“Oh, thanks. Excuse me,” Castiel rose and walked to the kitchen table, where he put his phone. A familiar name showed on the screen, and he didn’t know whether to smile or groan at it. “Yes, Gabe?”
Through his way home, Castiel couldn’t hold back a smile. The day might started slow at first, then Crowley came and gave him a surprising (and entertaining) news about his travel back to UK next week and made sure Castiel still up about babysitting Juliet. Then came the highlight of Castiel’s day, the videophone with Dean.
Sam sat on the chair across Rowena, while Jack sat next to him and Eileen sat in front of him. "I'm afraid it wouldn't be enough as well, Dean. When Cas tried to extract Gadreel's grace from me
Cas knew that he could be socially challenged at times, and it might be irritating for some people around him. But Dean was the first one, outside his family and his college roommates, who thought of his weakness as something enjoyable.
The answer that was heavy with eye-roll accent just made Dean wanted to tease him more, but right now they both need to eat. Dean could hear the dragons in his stomach started to the violent with the growls. “Sammy, get the plates.”
“Your smile went wider and wider the more you stare at that phone of yours,” Benny ignored Dean’s protest and sat on the table. “Someone interesting, brother?”
“What? Why-OKAY! Okay!” Dean retreated to his desk when Balthazar suddenly stood up with the desk pencil sharpener in his hand.
“Hey, I got you pie for dessert,” Samuel Winchester, a statuesque man who owned a body movement as graceful as a new-born giraffe had stood next to the couch where his big brother is and lifted up his arm proudly, showing a paper box with a logo of a well-known bakery in town.
Anyway, the health card in this chapter was actually a real thing here in Indonesia, and it came from the government for the people. It really helped for people in the lower economy life, and they were really happy about this card because it helped them for a better health treatment in a low cost (although i wasn't quite sure how low, but it was better than before this card was launched). The downside, as far as i can tell based on my friend's story who had tried this card, it really was as complicated as i mentioned in this chapter. If the patient weren't lucky, they can get bad services from the clinic before they get to the hospital.
Jack frowned as he heard Dean’s explanation, although there was something off in his expression. It was more like a disagreement to what he heard than confused. The young millennial then turned to Sam, who sat next to him, “Sam, you took Eileen’s car when you found out she was gone, remember? You also took her stuff, the ones we found when she vanished, including her phone, and put them inside the car trunk.”
There was a quick pang of jealousy inside Cas’ chest when he learnt that Charlie would be staying over at Dean’s place. But, then, the sensation toned down a little bit when Cas remembered that there was no way Dean and Charlie would do anything.
The older brother scoffed and followed. It wasn't long before Castiel closed his eyes that he heard his phone vibrated. He took it and read the name on the screen, and smiled.
Today was the latter. Castiel opened his eyes and instantly noticed that the ceilings were not of his room. Not only the roofs but also the bed he was sleeping in and the smell of his surroundings.
"Don't worry about it, Uncle Cassie. Balthazar and Charlie were great companions, I had a good time," this time the girl smiled and made Castiel proud of her maturity. "Besides, you looked like you could hardly be separated from Dean. I was afraid we had to
There was another pause, that made Dean waited for the next part of the story, while watching Cas drinking his wine.
On their way back from Charlie’s place, Dean took the long way road. It has been a while since he felt this excited, and a good drive might do better for him. Sam was sitting next to him, playing with his phone. Life’s good.
Eileen nodded in agreement with Jack's words, then she continued her story, "Then Sam told me about The Empty swallowing Billie, or Death? Does that mean Death is dead now? If she was, who's the new Death? What happened to the Death that you killed, Dean? Would he be in The Empty as well, even though he wasn't a demon or angel? And-"
"Says you," Gabriel sighed before laying down on bed, "well, Dean's alright, Cassie. For some reasons, I think he's really into you-"
“Dean, you said that your house is called the bunker. Did you named it like that, or your grandfather?”
Dean blinked and stared at Jack before he let out a laughter. “Are you really? So, Heaven and Hell are some sorts of working together now?”
Both Dean and Crowley practically jumped when there was a figure popping up next to them. Dean could have sworn that he didn't hear anything just one second ago, let alone feeling a presence anywhere near them. But now, a figure looked like it was covered in black and thick liquid standing just a few feet next to him and Crowley.
The older Winchester had another look of revelation on his face, "Oh yeah! I remember Ketch went looking for you asking for resupply."
Dean swore there was a slight breaking in Cas’ voice when he called his name, and it made his headache just gotten worse. And what is this painful sting in his chest? “I’m sorry, Cas. It’s not your fault. What can you do, right?”
,” Alex jumped in while pouring more tonic water to her gin. “Although, I can get how you didn’t expect it. The other one?”
“You do remember that it has been almost three years after that day?” Castiel chuckled and held Balthazar’s hand, “It’s all water under the bridge.”
It was when Dean blinked that the eye contact was broken, and both men were brought back to reality. “Right, I guess I better off now. So you can finish your day as well.”
“Hang on, Dean, I think I accidentally switch the camera. Hang on,” Cas kept on laughing while tapping the screen to return it to the front camera. When the view on his phone was showing Dean’s face again, Cas smiled at what he saw, chuckling Dean who was enjoying the klutziness of Cas and his phone. “That was embarrassing.”
It wasn’t the first time Cas listened to the story from Dean, but whenever he heard it he couldn’t resist to have a thought that Dean had to grow up before he supposed to be. He had to take care of his brother in the place that wasn’t theirs. “You’re a good brother, Dean.”
The older Winchester threw Rowena a faux annoyed look, something that he'd given so often towards people he loved. It didn't take long for Dean to finally decide that it was about time he told them about what happened in the Archive Room a few nights ago.
Dean rolled his eyes as he wore his henley, "Fine. Be back in an hour or so." He still sat on the car seat, while watching Cas putting on his suit jacket. It probably a reversed version of stripping, but it gave Dean the same effect nonetheless. "You know, Cas, you can wear something else other than that suit and trench coat when you're in the bunker."
Dean nodded at that information, “I guess I have to call Jody and the girls. Maybe just Jody at first to let her know the situation, I hope she could deliver it better to Claire than me.”
Classic and dependable, that’s how Cas felt towards his car. It probably wasn’t the most posh car out there, but he bought it with his own savings, and the car never failed him once. He couldn’t wait to show it to Dean.
Castiel then sat up straight and turned his face to Charlie, "Thank you for coming here with me, Charlie. Even though the support might be a bit different than what I planned."
The man who was addressed blushed at the information given. He then waved his hand to the floor where Amara was staring at before. “All that silence was for that?”
Hello, Dean. That’s ok, I was talking with Claire and Gabriel anyway. Still up and unfolding the sofa bed for Gabriel and me. Claire had went to bed upstairs.
"Fuck yeah," Dean got up a bit to catch Cas' lips and gave them soft bites. It was only stopped when Cas pushed him back to the mattress and started riding him hard again.
Along the way of his walk-semi-run, Castiel was in awe to find out that the few people who were in the park today brought their pets along. So far he had stopped to look, giggle, or pet on dogs, cats, reptiles, even an alpaca. He also almost crashed into a baby stroller as he couldn't take his eyes off a beautiful monitor lizard that was being friendly with a golden retriever.
"Look, I've seen you and Cas fight and have all that silent treatment drama. I don't know if you guys solved it yet before he was taken or not, but I don't want you to be all mopey just because it was unfinished."
"You're most welcome, lamb," there was a fond smile on Rowena's face. At this point, she clearly had forgotten about Jack's heritage line. She decided that she would accept the Nephilim as a Winchester.
While he was still admiring his surroundings and walked further inside, Castiel stopped abruptly when he found out that there was an
Sam had lean his back on the seat again, something that Dean know had a hidden meaning behind the gesture. “Yeah, I reckoned so. It really caught me off guard tonight.”
The woman was as beautiful as Dean remembered. Her brunette hair was half pulled on a ponytail, while the rest of it was flawlessly down to her shoulders. She wore a low v-neck top covered with a body-fit black trench coat, she had the sleeve pulled up to the middle of her arm. Bela also paired the outfit with a short black and red tartan skirt and a pair of knee-length boots.
"Well, hello, walk of shame," her cheerful voice greeted Castiel, who laughed and embraced her in a hug.
Castiel took a deep breath before talking to the phone again, “What. Kind. Of. School. Are. You. Working. At?”
As they had their conversation going, Dean noticed that Jack had a growing curiosity about his life and Sam's since yesterday. Maybe Jack felt that now they were sort-of free of Chuck, he could start being the child with parents, and he'd like to know more about his parents. All of them.
The host gave him a salute that Castiel returned with a light wave before he walked out of the flat. It was convenient that Dean and Benny’s unit was on the ground floor and right in front of the main street. After a few steps, Castiel turned slowly, wondering if he could catch a glimpse of Dean through the curtains on the window, that he recognised would look to the kitchen. But, he couldn't see past it. Obviously.
"Well, alright, then. Rowena, let's do this," Dean clapped as if locked the decision that has been made.
“Thank you. Anyway, I’m gonna have a meeting in your town sometimes next week, mind if I’m crashing at your place?”
Cas let out a soft gasp and found himself frozen on the spot, with his chest rumbled violently. He was afraid that not only Dean would notice, but also his chest would burst due to the fast-paced activity inside his chest. But, it was nothing compared to what was on his lips.
He kissed down to Cas' collarbones before he went even lower to his nipples, to licked and bite the hardening buds. Dean took his sweet time focusing on each of the nipples, this time Cas' moans were louder and even filthier than before.
Although she might still seem like reserving herself, Rowena had shown that she was fond of the Winchesters, including Cas and Jack, in a tough loving way for the past year.
“That’s rude. I always make myself look amazing for you, darling,” Bela teasefully ran her hand on the side of Dean’s face.
To add everything up, Dean was also responsible for the death of Death, twice. Although the last one probably indirectly.
The host smiled and walked past Castiel to the kitchen — suddenly, a faint aroma of musk filled the air between them — and pulled a plastic container from on top of the fridge. Then he went to fill a glass with tap water. "Here's your water, Castiel."
Castiel got up from bed and climbed down the stairs to the main area of his apartment, with Misha on his feet, bouncing happily knowing that his meal time is near. With a hand ran through his chaotic dark hair, Castiel connected his phone to the speaker and had Queen’s
Crowley stopped on his steps and looked at Eileen, "On behalf of my Hellhound, I apologise. I didn't expect Ketch to release my hounds to you in such a cowardly manner. I expect him to go for these lumberjacks."
Neither of Eileen and Jack replied, they only blinked owlishly at Dean's answer, then looked at each other. Neither of them needed to say the words. Still, they were in mutual agreement that Dean and Castiel had gone through so much throughout their friendship or relationship, or whatever it is that they both were having.
“No,” Sam walked to the water dispenser and filled his water bottle, “her parents are here, so she’ll be spending time with them this week. I thought you’ll bring home someone, you’re really late tonight.”
“What do you mean?” Cas did something out of habit and reflex, he tilted his head to the side when he was confused.
There was a short silence after he said that, that followed by the sound of a beer bottle opening and the sound of liquid substance going through someone’s throat. “So, uh, Sammy was asking about you before.”
Sam used his network from college to help him find a job, and it was as if the stars were lining up good for them, he found a job on the next month after Dean had.
Just like the old times, Cas placed his hand above Dean's palm and came a yellow-ish light form his hand, then Dean's hand was completely clean. Only this time it wasn't from blood. Apparently, not only his hand, his penis had also free of condom now, and it was all clean.
“Some candy and sweets exhibition,” Sam answered, while looking at his phone, then on the next second he handed his phone to Charlie, showing what was on the screen to her. “A friend of ours worked as the organiser or something, and she sent us four tickets.”
When Dean turned and started talking to him, the sensation in Cas’ chest took a hard turn. What if Dean was only got carried away, and he didn’t really mean about the question?
did Garth know? All he could remember was telling Garth the story of how Cas had been excellent in helping him and Sam in many cases, and also to keep him grounded. That was also Dean’s conclusion on why Garth named one of his twins “Castiel”.
The answer made Castiel’s heart swell a little bit, “Oh. Would it be alright if I adopted this kitten?”
This time it was Castiel's turn to scoff, "Well, let's say I don't talk much with him anymore these days. We're twelve years apart in the first place anyway, so yeah."
It was a quiet drive to Hastings, Minnesota. Dean knew why he didn’t say a word, but he couldn't help to wonder why Sam and Jack were quiet. Perhaps it was just an exhausting day. It cost them physically, and mentally, even though this felt like a victory for them.
Abaddon apparently did the same, she softened her voice and smiled charmingly to Lily, who took her order in a lighter mood than when she first came to their booth.
“Not Lucifer, Gabriel. Oh, you were there when he called the other day. You said I looked stressed after answering his call,” Cas chuckled as he rolled his memories back to the night Dean had dinner at his place.
Claire’s blue eyes shone brighter at Castiel’s offer, “Really? Dad couldn’t have to say no to that.”
“Oh, no, no, nothing,” Dean bit his chicken, “was waiting for your reaction about your healthy food. Clearly you love it.”
she would be happy finding out that I'm more comfortable and happier with myself now, you know? But, yeah, probably not so much for Dad. We’ll see.”
Dean sighed. There was no way to talk to Jack about this anymore, the kid would insist on his idea. Sometimes Dean wondered where Jack learnt his stubbornness from.
Dean responded with a sly grin on his brother’s protest, “I made you pancakes, go get ‘em when you’re finished, okay?”
on Prime Videos. It was one of his favourite shows that he could rewatch it again and again, without having to get bored. That Crowley caught his eyes, with the flaming red hair and fabulous giant car. Castiel would love to fantasise being fucked by Crowley at the backseat of that car. Or on the hood, he wasn’t fussed.
A fond chuckle escaped Castiel’s lips, “Well, you know Claire. She’s really Lucifer’s daughter,” after answering that, the corner of his eye caught a figure passing by, Dean with the used paper towels.
After the lovebirds exited the bunker, Dean decided to take a shower. A nice hot shower that would feel so refreshing for him, and made him wonder when was the last time he took a shower this nice before. He couldn't remember.
One of the meals being served really made Castiel had to hold himself from either changing his order or to make an
He smiled when he felt a twitch on his thigh that came from Cas' hardened member that was pressed to him, "Oh. Well, rise and shine, Castiel Winchester."
He had passed the cafe several times when going for a run at this park, but he never had a chance to drop by and try. Today he had the opportunity, so
He knew that this question would come from one Charlene Bradbury right the moment they found a table at the diner she was looking forward to visiting. There was also a probability she had thought of asking Castiel this the second he decided to leave the library with Mick. All the same, Castiel still couldn’t help himself to tease Charlie a little bit, just like what he usually does to Abaddon. So, instead of giving her the direct answer, Castiel only sat there in silence and pulled his strawberry milkshake closer to him, without breaking eye contact with Charlie, and slurped at the drink through the straw.
Cas raised his eyebrows when the surprise in Dean’s voice was more to the fact that there was a rerun of that ridiculous drama than knowing that there were an uncle and his niece watching that show together in his place.
For the second time that night, Cas wasn’t ready of what came to him. Or to his lips. Dean was moving forward to kiss him again, and it was fantastic. Still the lustless one as before, but it’s tenderer.
"Well, if there's anybody who should sit on my throne, then I'm glad it's you, Mother," Crowley walked to the small table that had a bottle of scotch and several glasses. He helped himself with the drink, before turning around dramatically to everyone in the room.
Dean looked up from his desk and leaned back on his chair, “I know, Cas. I think our society had made Lucifer as an image of someone’s bad for having his own opinion on God’s creation. Well, I’m sure your brother’s alright, based on the way you talked about him.”
The cheeky call made Dean quickly lifted up his sight from Balthazar’s chest that was slightly exposed by his v-neck shirt, making the British man chuckled.
Unknown to his brother, there was a faint smile on Dean’s face, knowing that he will be back to the eating place, and maybe – just
Again, Cas chuckled when he heard the question, “Dean, when you lived with Gabriel, sometimes you just
Cas laughed and lifted his hand to the screen and tap it, only to made the camera switched to the back one. “Oh, shit!”
After he changed his clothes, Dean headed to the ward to meet his lover. He saw Cas sleep soundlessly while hugging a pillow that he stole from the bed next to his.
Castiel smiled as he heard that. He knew that Dean Winchester wasn't the person who would easily say the words, he always showed it from his actions, or saying it in his own way. Like what he said now. "I love you too, Dean."
The question caught Dean off guard as he felt like he was jerked awake, and he could feel his face heated. It took him a while before he could gathered himself and answered. “Uh, no, no. I thought you have your niece coming over?”
And with that, a thought just dawned on Dean. He had reached the point where he would do anything that Cas asked of him, as long as it can made the dentist smiles. Or blushing, whichever came first.
While Dean was trying to figure out what just happened, Cas turned to Claire, who stood next to him. “Hey, Claire, come here, I’d like you to meet some people.”
The tall man laughed lightly at the innocent comment, “Yeah, something probably happened along the way, after we broke up. It came as a surprise that he introduced me to Dean, with good intentions for us. But, I’m happy that I can be friends with him again, like we used to back in college.”
And Cas loved him. He loved Dean for who he is, for all the human sides of Dean. They’ve been “together” for more than ten years, and Cas managed to always keep up with Dean. The human in his charge, who later turned as his best friend and partner in everything.
“It is, indeed. I had just told Sam, since I will be here for a while for this exhibition, we should catch up more!” the lean woman sat on the chair that Dean had pulled.
Again, Dean had managed to made Cas blushed furiously, then quickly changed the topic, as if nobody had affected of his words. Cas was that close to complain, but soon after he saw the twin emerald eyes before him, he knew that his mind was done for.
There was always something in Dean’s faux bravado that made Cas smiled and rolled his eyes, even though Dean knew. This time included.
“So, Castiel, how did you and Dean met?” Sam opened the conversation, and Dean prayed to the Heavens – and the
It wasn’t a hard thing to do, take out the phone, find the name in the Contact List, give them a ring, then start a conversation. Easy, right?
Crowley’s smile went wider at the answer, “Look at you, Castiel, making a move to a man. Even Balthazar must worked really hard to get you opened up back then, and you two lived in the same house!”
“I feel better,” the young lad replied, “I’m looking forward to trying again today, Dean. I hope we can do it this time, and if we can’t, I’m sure we can come up with something.”
"A mystery to myself as well, I mean you both were irritating to watch. Frustrating even. How did you not know that the angel's been in love with you until he told you, Dean?"
It might not have sounded like it, but Castiel knew he made an awkward laugh. "Yeah, it is. That sounds nice," he played with the glass, then remembered that he
Should he or shouldn’t he? It might lead to something new, either a big fight with his brother (which
Castiel leered to his daughter and smiled, “That sounded like a good idea. Although, I don’t want us to be there at the same time without noticing the other, and this goes to you too, Jack.”
“No, I hid it. I brought it, actually, but I don’t know how to tell you,” she said in a matter-of-fact tone that surprised Castiel. “I, uh, I assumed he was your ex, because not long after that Gabriel was calling you and he was so upset, and few days later he flew to England.”
Dean smiled at the naïve persona that radiated from Castiel at that moment. How could someone with brilliant record of knowledge (and sex life, considering he was in a relationship with Balthazar) managed to have an impression of an innocent child?
After Castiel cleaned up his hand and about to pull his pants up, he felt Mick was entering his personal space. Sure enough, Mick was now standing only inches from him. The man with hazel eyes was now running his fingers on Castiel’s collar bone, before dragging them to his chest and started playing with Castiel’s dusky nipples.
"Do you think I'm twelve?" Castiel had to low his voice down as he asked the question, so they won't wake Claire upstairs.
The puzzled look on Cas’ face that day showed as if it was the most absurd thing for Dean to think of. Even then Cas had regarded Dean highly in an
He sighed and looked up again to Cas, with his serious face to him, "Hey, I won't have you saying all those things to me and died on me. Not in this lifetime, get it?"
A quick gawk from a woman made him turned his attention from the men, and he saw a young woman was throwing a snap at a middle age woman with a scarf around her head. From what he had gathered, based on his hearing, the older woman was cutting the line just before the younger woman. He had seen similar incidents too often, he knew arguing with a woman that looked like the older madam won’t bring anything to the other party, no matter what the argument is.
Dean knew that Sam was never fussed about his sexual preferences, orientation, or whatever it is kids named it these days, but there was something in him that would rather not letting his brother knows. If Sam knew, then so be it, but Dean’s not gonna be the one who’s informing him.
Cas moved forward to read the name of the building, “Oh, yeah. Right. So, uh, you can park on the side of the road or inside the parking lot, if you want.”
“He is. Well, he’s better as a friend than lover anyway for me, so we’re totally good now,” Castiel drove his car to an exit, the GPS on his phone showed that the place Gabriel meant was not far from there.
Castiel could feel his face beamed at the offer, “Great! Could you bring it over to my office later?”
“Hey, no problem, Dean. Thank you for driving me home, and give me a company. I hope this is good for your time killing tonight,” Castiel really hoped that this won’t be the only time Dean having dinner at his place. He didn’t dare to think about Dean having breakfast at his place, but knowing that there will be a next dinner will do for now.
“Yeah, in few minutes. I have to check on the locks and lights in the living room. Sammy can be a bit forgetful. You?”
They all walked to the foyer, and waited for their cars to be delivered through valet, again, Cas felt a familiar warmth in his chest as he felt his brother’s arm went slightly tighter around his shoulder. He knew at that moment, Gabriel was silently happy that Cas met someone new, and it even had the blessing from Balthazar.
And that would be the first time Dean saw Balthazar in horror, “You do know it’s forbidden to not having seatbelts in a car, right?”
, of all faces and cases that they encounter for the past fifteen years. But somehow, the big brother did, the face popped up in his brain for a moment. A quick flash that he couldn’t even recall what happened before
Balthazar loved Castiel, as he had always said, but he’s not ready to set it down in stone. Or ring in this matter. And it upset Castiel so very much, he had to take a retreat from his daily life and work at a bee farm for a year.
“Alright,” the look on the little brother was of someone who’d willing to leave his sibling under a tree in the middle of nowhere just so he could never hear that joke again.
The small laugh that followed Dean’s reply made Cas grinned. “Okay, I’ve always wanted to try making green curry. Have you tried that, Dean?”
A laughter came from Dean, “He might got a point there. Anyway, I want to complain about Balthazar.”
The woman behind the desk looked up and gives Dean a disapproving look, as if Dean just asked her to stopped watching the Korean drama and will
Just like usual, the big brother could always found the perfect time to crack a joke in their serious moments.
Dean had a major urge to go over and asked his name, but he hesitated. It would draw too much attention to them, especially in this kind of place, so he just sat down and return the small smile, and almost jumped in his seat when his order came.
“I-I’d like that. Thank you, Dean,” Cas could feel Dean let out a relieved sigh and then he saw him crossed his thick arms in front of his body. It took Cas few seconds to realised that he was staring. “Um, I, uh, I wasn’t prepared for a sleepover, though.”
However, he recognised the figure who suddenly appeared in front of him, which explained all the theatrics that happened. A man with short hair, aristocratic facial hair, smug smile, and a sharp suit seemed impossible to crinkle. Dean could hear the deep voice with a thick British accent in his ear, even before the person before him opened his mouth.
“Oh? Where to, Uncle Cassie?” Claire lifted up the small feline and put him on his lap, ignoring his protesting mew.
When the traffic before him halted on a red light and all looked out to him (some even chuckled and point), Castiel revised his oath, not to take the public transportation during morning rush hour anymore in the future.
“Right, thank you,” Castiel turned around and cooed the sleepy kitten as he walks to his practice. “Hello, kitten, you’ll be coming home with me tonight, okay?”
The way both Dean and Charlie suddenly froze in their seat was unmistakable evidence that neither of them expected Castiel to throw a sharp and quick answer. Moreover, even Castiel himself was taken aback from his own response and looked down to his glass. The tension in the air suddenly became significantly thicker, that even a mere knife couldn't cut it.
“Yeah. You just get to know him a little bit more, Cassie. Although, Dean’s a little bit hard to crack. Not in sexual way. I think once you managed to get him going, he’ll pound you anywhere.”
when receiving the glass from Dean, and it was the most adorable sight Dean had seen all night, no, all day
He stayed in that position for some more moments, before he turned his head to the digital clock on the bedside table. There was a smile on his face when he found out that he could have another hour to sleep before he had to get ready for work. Of course, going back to sleep was only one option that Castiel could do for the one hour time; there were other options that he could do and
Hello, Dean. I will be having non-stop patient flow until 5. Would it be alright if I call you around that time?
The story made Castiel smile, and he felt a warmth inside his chest. It was clear why Dean was so proud of his little brother. They started out life in an unfortunate situation, then with the help of people who love them and from their strong will, the Winchester brothers managed to create a stable situation for them.
"Ah, back to being cheeky now, are we?" Bela's comment made Dean chuckle, then she continued to Rowena, who waited patiently for her to present the ingredients bag. "Here are your ingredients, my Queen."
"Yes, I've seen some of the angels' books, but I didn't see yours, Castiel," Crowley squinted at Cas.
While he sat on his chair waiting for Dean to return, Castiel’s brain was still trying to process the question popped from Dean. How did it become like this? They were supposed to be dentist and patient, and now Dean was driving him home, and they were having a nice and cozy dinner at the balcony of Castiel’s apartment. All it need left was a chandelier in the middle of the table.
Castiel was talking about social media accounts with his niece, and they were making some puppy-like videos when Gabriel called.
“Isn’t it a little bit late for Claire?” Castiel snuggled himself next to his niece, who now say between her uncles.
“Yeah, I think my parents miscalculated something back then,” Cas chuckled, and he could feel his cheeks made a soft burning sensation when he glanced that Dean was looking at him fondly. “In my defence, I had two older brothers, so teasing and being a jerk to each other was like a regular thing between us.”
tempted to lift up Cas’ chin with his knuckles, so he could look at the dentist’s eyes. But, of course, he didn’t do it.
He didn't know what woke him up, it could be the cold and hard surface underneath his body, or the sound of people talking around him, even in whispers. All he knew was his head felt comfy even though he was sleeping on the floor.
The place looked like a decent and lovely spot to have lunch, and pet friendly as well, obviously. Yeah, it would be a good lunch plan for Castiel and his boys, before they went home and Castiel has to start on his work.
"Know what?" There was a mix of confusion and fear in Castiel's voice as he copied Dean's whispering.
There was a pause between the two men, and it made Cas slightly worried that he had said something that would drive Dean away from him. But he completely wasn’t ready for what came next from Dean.
There was a conflicting sensations inside Cas’ body that he couldn’t solve. He knew he might had a headache now, along with uncontrollable pacing heartbeat and weakened legs. The more Dean’s thumb moved softly on his cheekbone, the more he felt like closer to exploding.
Cas nodded at that and closed the window. It didn’t take long and the Mustang has now placed on its spot inside the garage. Cas notice the big black Impala parked beautifully on the nearest spot to the exit. He opened the door for Juliet, and the mutt jumped out excitedly, almost knocked Cas down.
Again, Crowley's reply managed to make Dean laugh. For a moment, Dean knew that he missed bantering with Crowley. "This time it's different, Crowley. I have my reason to rescue Cas. I mean, to really,
Dean saw Cas nodded silently at his answer, but he didn’t get any further comment, whether Cas had read any Vonnegut or not. He decided to continue, “I worked as a part time lecturer, while helping out my foster dad in his garage for a few years. Sammy was working with his friends as a freelance lawyer, and I was just got accepted as a permanent staff at one public school back then when we received the news about the bunker. Few months later, after loads of paperworks and job hunting, we moved here.”
“I’m not gonna lie to him, Uncle Cassie,” Claire’s answer sent cold shiver to her uncle’s spine, “but, I probably can tweak something if he asked. Make everything genderless, perhaps?” the girl smiled cheekily.
“Have a good weekend, Cas,” Dean couldn’t hold back a smile when he said this. Even with his forehead still on the desk.
“Yeah, Dean said that you couldn’t make it, so he took me. Who knew you would be here already?” Balthazar tapped Cas’ hair, then styled it in a messy way.
The expression on the man's face, the big brother's face, was shown that there was something more in the topic of the angel. Something that should be sounded, but didn't. Why didn't he say anything about it?
He didn’t take a good look on him, but all Dean know the blue-eyed man had a very nice body. Was he having his lunch there? All by himself or with a friend? Boyfriend? Girlfriend? Maybe Dean should be a regular at that place.
"Well, I'm quite sure young lawyers today must have had heard about Luci. Right, Claire? Your Dad is famous in his field?" Gabriel looked to his niece on the backseat, watching cat videos and Snapchatting to her friends, from the rear view mirror. "Hey, stopped playing on your phone, young lady, help me teasing your uncle and his new boyfriend!"
use their charm and adorableness to get what they want. From an early age, Castiel learnt that his big blue eyes were a useful weapon of their own, and Abaddon could make head turns just by showing her smile.
The look on Cas’ face almost blinded Dean. He was beamed with the excitement of a child when faced with a certain magic he had never witnessed.
He looked up. Apparently he had followed the nurse, without really paying attention where they walked, and now he was standing just outside Castiel’s office, probably looking dumb since he was mostly vacant for the past few minutes.
Dean was about to laugh at Rowena’s comment but had to stop abruptly when Jack cut in with a piece of brand new information. Something that could lead him to have the same reaction as his brother.
“It got its own signage if that what you mean,” Dean shrugged, “look, Sammy, it’s for my mouth, I wouldn’t get dodgy service for myself, okay. Besides, I’ve got a recommendation from friend at work about this place. Apparently, his ex worked as a dentist there.”
“Nope, Jess’ going to her parents’ house this weekend. Guess I’m taking Charlie to Bela’s event,” Sam replied and there was a hint of sadness in his voice, that made Dean put a little pity for his brother, and actually considering of inviting Sam to his dinner with Cas.
He almost missed his stop; luckily, there was someone who also stopped where he intended to. When he entered, Castiel saw the woman he would be meeting with. His other half, who would always be there for him, no matter what. In return, Castiel would also be on her side and protecting her whenever she needed him.
When they finally finished eating, Dean offered to wash the dishes since his brother and Eileen had cooked. Jack told Dean that he would help, which Dean accepted gratefully.
“It’s green. What is wrong with you?” Sam looked to him, eyebrows raised and lines shown on his forehead, “You okay?”
"Why are we still discussing about this?" Cas shot a sharp look to his big brother, and earned an eyebrow wiggle as response.
“We’re alright, Sammy,” Dean answered, clearly he was trying to shrug Sam away, so he can have alone time with Cas again. Sadly, Sam seems failed to notice it, and it amused Castiel highly.
“Jack, I need to get to Cas. Can you tell me where he is?” Dean asked softly to his adoptive-son-turned-God.
"Bela here is one of my trusted crossroad demons," Rowena started her explanation, as she placed a hand tenderly on Bela's thigh. Again, Sam and Dean stole questioned glances at each other. "Not only she brought me many, many condemned souls, but she also beautifully managed to extend contracts as well. So, I'm quite sure that Bela can be the right demon to gather the ingredients."
“Wise call,” Sam agreed. “I’ve called Charlie and Bobby, they have also returned, everyone from the alternate universe is still here. Bobby and Charlie said that they will help to find any info about The Empty.”
Dean felt his chest hurt, but the different kind of hurt than what he felt right in this room before Cas drew the sigil.
The short reply from the dentist marked the next round of their intense staring, where the blues met the greens. It was like the middle of the ocean, calm and beautiful, yet there was a silent cautiousness of something grand might happened at any time.
"Welcome to the club," Crowley chipped in as he stepped forward next to Dean, who was now had Cas' arm around his shoulder, so the former angel could lean on him for support in standing.
"I have wanted to do that for a very long time," his little brother cheerfully said. "Oh, you're right, I do feel better."
As he heard Jack’s answer, Dean could feel his insides melt with guilt. He could still remember the last time he lost Cas; he thought he went mad with grief and anger. To the point that he gave very little thought to his own life. Dean knew Cas would personally end his life if ever he had an idea of being suicidal again.
Cas laughed nervously at that, “Well, that was mostly because I knew if I ever hit home, with my telly and sofa, and bed, it will be hard for me to get up and go pick them up. I might as well send a cab to pick them up, and would have Lucifer’s wrath after they got home.”
“Hey, hey, that’s okay. I was the one who asked anyway,” Dean shrugged, although there still was a string of jealousy in him. “So, your other housemate, he was the British dentist I met the other day, right? Yea high, all suited up in black, fancy accent? He’s called Crowley? Not Fergus?”
When he saw Castiel didn't give any response, Dean continued while tapping his glass, "The thing is Abaddon and I never said that we're exclusive. We, uh, we're still open in the relationship, although we go out regularly. I know Abaddon sleeps around, and I also see other people. I met
Dean laughed at that, “Don’t worry, Balz, I have letters for that. Or at least I thought that’s what they are for.”
, brother mine,” this time it was Abaddon’s turn to do the eye-roll before chuckling. “It was just out of curiosity, really. No, I haven’t met anyone, so stop giving me that look, thank you very much. Sometimes I just wonder what would happen if someday I met someone I'm comfortable with, and decided to settle down. Having to spend my days with only
And moving forward slowly to kiss Cas’ lips. As how they kissed before at Gabriel’s event, it was soft and lustless. There was no tongue activity involved, only lips. Cas did felt Dean was nibbling on his lower lip, though, and it was fantastic. Dean pulled back when the elevator made a ding sound and stopped.
“No, Cas, that’s okay, I’ll ask for another one,” Dean signalled a staff for another menu. When he received his, Dean quickly look for something that he want and after making sure that Cas was ready to order as well, they both called the waiter.
Beyond his expectation, the man before him only sat still and joined his eyebrows together in confusion and had an even more adorable pout on his lips. “Is there any way I could understand that in English?”
“Hey, we both different people, Cas, don’t have that pressure on you, but give it a go. You had that kale soup, right? That should be a good start.”
"Did you give your demons an allowance to buy us dinner?" Dean asked as he poured more Shiraz, a question that probably sourced from all the drinking he did and was met with a mysterious and knowing smile from the lady. Dean decided not to ask further.
It was probably something that people call as 'blind faith' since Castiel would always follow Gabriel's words. Most of the time. Back when they were kids. Since he learnt how life goes as an adult, Castiel started to live life as he sees fit, that included dropping his family name and took his mother's maiden name. He was also grateful for Gabriel, who was always willing to support him, or gave him shit whenever Castiel started to went astray.
The man who was sitting next to Cas rolled his eyes and continued feasting on his meal. “Like I hadn’t have enough of him clinging to me everyday!”
The three of them made a toast then sip the wine, and each of them made an awkward hum of appreciation for the wine. After exchanging smiles, they took another sip, and an even more awkward silence covering the air followed between them.
loud since the mother craned her neck in his direction now. Castiel responded by raising his glass of orange juice to her.
Last night was no difference, he was sure, only he couldn't remember the man who became his conquest. This morning wasn't any help at all, since the man disappeared from this very bed.
The dinner ended well, though, considering both Crowley and Balthazar had enough arsenal to tease Cas until the end of the year.
“Yeah, Sammy, about that … I’m sorry I didn’t tell you before,” Dean started, not wanting the air in the car turned awkward.
For a few seconds, he considered if he should get up to see what his children’s fuss was all about, but then Cas decided not to. They would surely storm to the couch he laid down on with their problem.
When he saw his next customer didn't realise that it was his turn to be served, the cashier person greeted the tall man who was with his dog and cat on leashes and still reading the menu board. "Whoa, beautiful kids you've got there, man. Can I know their names?"
“Oh, sorry, I was having my late lunch when you called. That’s uh … roast chicken fillet with kale salad.”
“I know!” (Dean almost jumped at Cas’ sudden squeal) “I used to think that it was one of the cheeky angels playing around with God’s creation, mix and match, here and there, and voila!”
Another laughter was released from Dean's mouth, "No. I think it started around two years ago? We just got along well with Rowena. I think after her son, Crowley, the former King of Hell, died."
Castiel shrugged and waved his hand softly, “Well, it’s no competition, really. Come on, it’s only Saturday morning. You still have Saturday night
There were no rules about sleeping with the roommate of your ex-one night stand, right? Could Castiel meet Dean again? Would Castiel meet Dean again?
Sam nodded as a sign that he agreed. He might have an idea what his big brother meant, but he didn’t dare to ask or mention it yet. Which also reminded him of one matter that was close to his heart. “Hey, Jack, uh, do you think Eileen is returned as well?”
"Just as I thought, you make beautiful moans with that voice of yours," Dean smiled as he worked on Cas' pants.
After the prisoner gave out the location of the barn, both brothers quickly made their way to the area, with the Impala that now seemed ten times dirtier than before. Even though it had only been two days since the pie fair.
“Maybe it would be better if all of us take a rest first. It had been a long day for us,” Eileen smiled and rose to her feet, right at the moment Sam stepped back into the library.
While he was walking to the entrance, Castiel wondered what did he do to deserved such luck, and what had waited for him inside.
As he said that, Castiel’s face had now turned several shades of red. It was something that Dean didn’t know an angel would and could do, but there Cas was. Dean smiled and walked closer to Cas to cup the angel’s face again, and he could feel his smile got wider when he saw Cas looked even more puzzled with his action.
The expression on Sam’s face was even brighter than before, he turned to his big brother who had started the car, “Hey, Dean, do you think we can-?”
Having Cas in his arms, Dean could feel that even though the smaller man had fantastic set of muscles on his body, he also  felt both fragile and solid in Dean’s arms. Dean felt he could lift the man effortlessly and carry him to bed and tuck him in in the warmest and softest blanket until he felt better. At this point, Dean wasn’t really fussed if Cas could feel his heart beating uncontrollably behind his ribs.
Their father’s statement became the main reason why the twins preferred to put their middle name on their everyday needs. They were mostly known as Castiel Novak and Abaddon Sands, which can be quite misleading to the fact that they were related, closely.
What was it in one Dean Winchester that can make Castiel completely smitten of him? That could make Castiel forgotten that Dean was supposed to be his patient?
Hey, Cas. Sorry for just texting you, I was helping Sammy with his laundry. I swear that kid might never survive without me! Are you still up?
It amazed Dean how much the kid had grown. In human years, Jack would be around three years old. But as who he is, Jack is a full-grown man with maturity and patience that probably had passed Dean’s. Maybe he, Sam, and Cas did a good job raising him.
Again, Dean’s statement made Cas laughed, “It should! But, different story happened; Gabriel came to me and took my hand to take me aside. He said to me, ‘Don’t step on that fish, Castiel. It’s still alive.’ Then he lifted up the fish and returned it to the sea.”
“Hey, Juliet, don’t,” Dean hissed while still walking to Cas. “Hey, Cas, look who I found,” he announced cheerfully.
“I don’t know, Cas, I just arrived,” Dean chuckled and he felt a huge urge to give Cas another hug. “Look, let’s try and search for him together, what do you say?” he grinned when he saw Cas smile turned wider at his invitation. “Okay, let’s start from upstairs, he loves to sleep in your bedding area, right?”
The answer from Dean had got Benny’s full attention, “Well, that’s interesting. What time is your appointment?”
Being the one who knew where Crowley lives, Cas lead Dean to the elevator to get them to Crowley’s flat. When they were inside, Cas leaned on the wall, while Dean is standing next to him.
The smell of cinnamon really had Castiel’s stomach growled, but he couldn’t stop looking around. Pastel colours, bright colours, they were all here, in all shades and shapes and numbers.
Cas gave a smirk as a reply to Dean, then he put the empty wine glass on the stone railing a bit far away from him. He looked up to Dean, who was standing next to him, smiling. He knew he could never forget the look on Dean’s eyes that night, it was soft and loving. It was like he just found the very reason of his mission on earth.
This time The Empty leaned back to his chair and eyed Dean closely for some moments. "You humans. Always regretting things just after you lost them. Fine, you can see him, just this once. Think of it as my gratitude for making it easier for me to get Billie."
Again, Dean swore if the person in front of him was the real Castiel, he'd do things that probably wouldn't have him accepted in Heaven or Hell. But, then again, Dean always preferred the Purgatory.
“They looked thrilled,” Jack chuckled as he got into the car from the passenger side, then he turned to Dean. “I can try and call Cas from The Empty again in the bunker, Dean. Hopefully this time he wouldn’t be returning too far from the bunker.”
Even before the question was finished, Castiel could feel his face heated and, of course, attracted a reaction from Crowley. He was intended to play coy and pretends that he didn’t know what Crowley was talking about, but with the look on his face right know, it would be an insult to the man before him. “We had dinner yesterday, and maybe we will meet up again on Friday.”
Cas quickly turned his attention to Dean, “No, this would be my first time,” he shook his head lightly, then as Dean responded with a smile, Castiel looked down to his lap.
"Hello," Jack smiled and gave Crowley his trademark wave. "Nice to meet you, Crowley. I, uh, I'm sorry that my father had you dead. I'm with the Winchesters now."
Dean let out the smile that he knew will make anyone, male or female, would forget any mistakes he did, “Sure. I’ll call you when I’m heading to that bar again.”
Somehow, in the kitchen Dean looked quite pleased, maybe they didn’t destroy the stew after all. “Food looks good, Cas. You wanna try?”
The thought made the warmth that was previously centred on Dean’s face and neck flowed smoothly to his chest and brought a peculiar comfort there. The last time Dean had this kind of feeling was when his mother made him his favourite apple pie, and they enjoyed it together on a bright afternoon while watching cartoons on television.
“I’m a Nephilim, and if I remember correctly, being half-archangel made me one of the strongest celestial beings,” Jack smiled innocently. “Maybe with my grace, it would be even stronger to work?”
“No, no, nothing emergency,” Cas quickly clarify as he heard the urgency in Dean’s voice, “I, uh, I just remember … I had promised Crowley that I’ll babysit for his puppy starting this Friday.”
Also, the fact that Cas kept his vessel as a man, instead of jumping to a woman vessel. It showed that Cas accepted Dean for who he is, and he didn’t try to make Dean felt “normal” by having a partner of the opposite sex.
"Jack, uh, Jack's practically powerless. His grace, he didn't have much left of it," she said sadly. "I'm sorry."
That was supposed to be a casual instruction from a doctor to his patient, but why did it came differently to Dean? He did it, nonetheless. Dean was now lying down on the chair with Castiel looking back at him from his head, and told him to open his mouth.
Dean didn't give Cas a chance to respond. On the next second, in one swift and fluid movement, Dean took a step back from Cas as he pulled out the angel blade from his jacket pocket, and slashed it on Castiel's throat.
“What? Dean?” Cas tilted his head slightly and looked at Dean who was still laughing and bent his knees next to the trolley. “Why are you laughing?”
Claire turned her head, “No one. I, uh, I found a photo of you and your ex, blonde, sexy, v-neck shirt? You dropped it in your room last time you went home for Christmas.”
“A couple of nerds. Yeah, that’d be awesome. I’d love to have Charlie as my sister. But with Charlie, I will have another
As if a button inside was pressed, Cas chuckled at Dean’s answer, “I had found the recipe, so how do you want to do this? Me sending it to you or …?”
As he walked out from the canteen, Castiel stopped to meet the yellow kitten with blue eyes he saw on the very same day he saw the blond. “Hello, you. Not having trouble finding food today, I hope?”
Cas if he looked this delicious. However, the last time Dean saw Cas donned his outfit like this, the angel was possessed by Lucifer.
Jack replied with a smile and a light wave of a hand, “That was the least I could do for you and Dean after everything that you both been through together. After what we’ve been through together.”
The question made Castiel frown. He had expected his twin sister, Abaddon, would ask about his nightly adventure whenever they meet up on a Saturday or Sunday morning. But, now that he had to rerun his memory for the
Sam waited until Balthazar got inside the car before he greeted the man. “Hi, Balthazar, how’s it going? Oh, have you met Charlie?”
Around twenty minutes later, Castiel was sure he had his jaw fell down when he saw the magnificent black vehicle that is Dean’s car, a 1967 Chevrolet Impala, and it looked gorgeous like a brand new.
Dean huffed, "I honestly don't know. What do you think, Crowley? How easy would it be to find Cas in a place called The Empty?"
He sipped the wine while turning the kitchen lights off and walked to the living room, where the other three people had waited for him for a film viewing.
"Dude, don't do that," Castiel snarked to his sister, then on the next moment he knew that he had to provide a good explanation of the sombre situation between him and Dean. "Yeah, I was showing Dean where we are in this Dutch-style map. Honestly, when did Mum and Dad buy this thing? It didn't look like this the last time we were here. Same as your hair, it didn't look
“My klutz of a brother lost his keys again, so I have to go home and get him inside,” Dean huffed and slides his phone back into his jeans pocket. “Look, Cas-Tiel, tonight was amazing, but I’m sorry I have to end it sooner. Thanks to my brother.”
The new voice in the room came from Jack, who just entered the library with a bag of potato chips in his hand. "We have new books. Thank you, Rowena."
“God no!” Bela quickly answered, as if afraid that if she was late in answering, the group of people before her will start nibbling the artworks. “They are all from various non-edible materials. Charming gentlemen they are, one’s British, and he was a friend of mine. And the other was American, funny man.”
So, Dean have to pick Cas up at work tomorrow, it probably will be safer if he waited at the canteen across the building. Wouldn’t want Cas’ other workmates to know that a patient is picking up one of the dentists. Although, now Dean had thought of it, the British one, Crowley, might had already knew by tomorrow.
“Thought you’d sleep until noon, Claire Bear,” her father, Castiel Novak, CEO of Wavelength Digital said cheekily. “By the way, nice try to take a shower first. I heard you coming in last night, tripped on the stairs, did you?” this question was replied by a frustrated groan from Claire and a burst of laughter from Jack. “So, where did you go last night?”
“Some people,” he grumbled and carried on making his way into the bus, moved along with the crowd, who started to enter the bus.
Cas grinned when he saw Sam knelt down to rub the pup’s head and it didn’t take long until Juliet rubbed his body on Sam and showered his face with friendly licks. Cas only assumed that Juliet felt like she met someone of her own species, hence the fast familiarity. “Sam, here, you can take her for play or walk,” Cas handed the leash, and the tall man quickly took it from his hand and lead the dog to the living room.
what I want to do, but I have no idea what next after that. I think I'm just thrilled that we can have him back here in the bunker. It’s like having the family completed, you know?”
After he finished setting up the table, Cas walked back to the kitchen and started making his salad. Dean was still checking back and forth from his green curry and rendang, his expression was still clueless on how could something that resembles a stew would need six hour long of processing.
Maybe for the first time ever, Cas wished he put on chapstick more often. He always had issues with chapped and dry lips.
told you about tonight,” Crowley rolled his eyes as wide as the muscles would allow. “Oh, by the way, your ex here, he has been working on a school near here.”
“Good,” Dean replied quietly, while he tried to calm himself before actually saying what he wanted to say. “Now, about that confession of yours.”
Dean smiled, he knew that the question might not be comfortable for him. It might also be related to Castiel. "Sure."
Cas was still rubbing his knee under the desk, and looked down to his meal, “Yeah, the kale one. As for the roast chicken, I bought it,” he shrugged. “What were you having for lunch, Dean?”
“Well, I told him that I will have some free time before I have to pick up Gabriel and Claire at the airport, and I asked him to meet again. He said yes,” Castiel shrugged.
Dean then looked to Crowley with realisation in his eyes, "Those were the whisperings that we heard there?"
"It was when Billie came for Cas and me," he started and tried hard to keep his voice steady. "The deal Cas had with The Empty was to exchange Jack with his happiness. Now, Jack, I really don't blame you here, Cas was just
Dean shook his head lightly, and prayed to himself that the others won’t notice. He was in luck, since they were still talking about traffic safety and such. He turned his attention to the road again, hoping that he didn’t miss an exit or a turn. With a quick look at the GPS on his phone, Dean knew that they were still on the right direction and they’ll arrive soon at the venue.
feel like meeting that many people at any time. He blinked and looked up to Dean, who was still kneeling next to him, and grinning. “What?”
The phone call to Jody went well, thankfully she and the girls are all alright and safe. Jody will also help to call other hunters in her network to check on them. However, when it came to telling them about Cas, Dean almost couldn’t hold it together. He had to take several pauses to explain to Jody what happened, and what is their plan at the moment.
Balthazar let out a laugh, “Cassie, I have to go. But, I’m happy that you met Dean and it turned out alright. I hope it will be fantastic for you both!”
“I didn’t say anything,” Jack lifted up his face from the newspaper he was reading. “I was reading and not bothering anyone.”
"If the children had finished with their fight over Candy Crush, we might can continue our talk. So, on behalf of Heavenly Sweets, I would like to thank you all for coming to the opening,” Gabriel smile widely and his whisky-coloured eyes narrowed, “and since now I know you lot – or at least two of you – are special to my dear brother, Cassie, he can put you all as his guest list for our closing ceremony dinner next month.”
oblivious of what was going on inside Castiel's mind. “I have a little brother who lives on the other side of the city, and we usually meet up for dinner or just for a cup of coffee. SOmetimes with his girlfriend as well. Lovely girl.”
A single question that normally thrown when preparing dinner, but why did it came to Castiel differently? Had it was another person who asked that, he won’t have his heart skipped a beat, or an uninvited blush crept up to his ears, or his hands suddenly stopped working and his tongue was sticking to the top of his mouth.
“Good. by the way, you had that motorbike long, Cas?” for some reasons Dean couldn’t stop smiling with this odd arrangement of talking on the phone.
He was just repeating a piece of information, he knew that, but that was the only thing that Dean knew about the mysterious place.
Cas looked at Dean owlishly for a few seconds. Before he could say anything, the older Winchester had caught his lips in a passionate kiss.
Dean ran a hand on the back of his head and took his eyes off Cas, as if his boots suddenly had became so interesting. “I really want you to stay tonight. You-you don’t have to do anything. We don’t have to sleep in the same room, you can stay in one of the guest rooms.”
Dean could feel the fierce eye-roll that came from the nurse as she walked out while closing the door. He walked closer to the chair in front of the dentist, “Hi, Cas. Tiel.”
Dean blinked and huffed, “Yeah, I get you, and I also get that none of you is in the condition to drive home to … wherever y’all live. So, I’m going to order you a cab. Cabs? Do you guys live at the same place?”
Food was one thing that attracted him to this humble place, he also enjoyed the unknown companion of his surroundings. Watched them interact with each other, or listened to the conversations, whether he intended to or not.
Dean looked up from his phone - Benny sent a group message to let everyone know that someone was leaving an umbrella last night and he put it in the Lost and Found - and was met with a pair of light brown eyes. The eye colour that might be equivalent to whisky. It was Gabriel, the owner of the bakery, he nudged his head in the direction of a tall man. The latter was leaning over the glass counter, looking at rows of colourful and glazing pastries, with an excited look on his face.
“Awww, my little Novak is all grown up,” Crowley cooed, and chuckled when a ball of tissue landed on his face. Just in time for their lunch to arrive. After the waitress put their respective meals, Crowley started eating his and threw another question, “So, you two are going to meet again in the near future?”
Dean wanted to take Balthazar to the exhibition, and he was asking Cas’ permission? Why? It wasn’t like Cas and Balthazar still have something between them. And Balthazar was Dean’s friend, even before he met Cas. Balthazar made Dean met Cas. There shouldn’t be anything to be uncomfortable with in this situation.
This was what made Cas really looking forward talking to Dean. How they can make each other laugh, even with the slightest and simplest comment. Cas then read what they would need to cook green curry.
Rowena turned around and smiled, "Samuel, hello, and who's that girl with you? Should you introduce her to your Auntie Rowena?"
“Yeah, I reckon,” Dean smiled, then the car took two more turns before slowing down. “Hey, is this the place?”
Castiel groaned and landed his hands on Mick’s head, then started to fuck the Irish man’s mouth. He let out a gasp of surprise when Mick grabbed his ass tightly, then with the same torturous pace as before the librarian pulled himself off Castiel’s dick while swirling his tongue all along the thick shaft. Castiel’s groan was shut when Mick suddenly attacked his lips, transferring the taste of precum into his mouth.
To both of the twins’ annoyance, many men had the absurd fantasy of approaching Abaddon, but once they knew that she was in her second year of Masters Study, and it was Medical, these men would slowly disappear. The silver lining for Abaddon was she could still be free to roam around and find a man who could satisfy her in bed, without having to be bothered with commitments.
Dean also asked for Jody advice on when would be the best time to tell Claire. Now as it just happened, or later after they know whether they can bring Cas back or not. Thankfully for Dean, Jody said that they should do their best to rescue Cas, and let her deal with the news delivery to Claire.
Dean could feel the warmth that rushed inside him returned when he saw his little brother finally be with the person he loved. He couldn’t help to imagine that he could also have the same when they managed to rescue Cas.
While he walked closer to the cashier, Castiel knew that he couldn't hide his proud smile from the comment about his boys. "Absolutely. The husky here is Romeo, and that demon spawn who thinks he's a tiny puppy is Misha. Say hello to the nice man, boys," his request was replied with a cheerful bark and a monotone mew. "Thank you. Uh, honestly, this is my first time visiting here, so any recommendations on which food for them?"
It was Dean’s turn to paused and froze at the words. He got his eyebrows raised and eyes all wide, but there were visible blush on his cheeks that were shown before he responded to the older man. “Cas, uh, it’s just as I said before, I don’t want anything to be weird. Yeah, Balthazar and I were friends before we met, and, uh, I don’t want you to be weird with him. I know you two have history and everything.”
. Maybe for a long time,” Castiel looked at his sister smugly. “Well, neither of us in that matter.”
Dean chuckled, “Yeah, dinner with Cas. I hope he doesn’t get called for another dinner with his boss.”
Had Dean suddenly turn his attention to him made Jack jump a bit. He looked up to Dean and continued what he started as his hand flew to the back of his head and scratched nervously, "I have to agree with Sam in this, Dean. We just managed to defeat Chuck, and life started to go well and somewhat normal for us. I couldn't bear to have another family member die of a deal or sacrificing oneself to another. I'd rather we do another way."
"Yeah, I could imagine," Dean slowed his steps as he tried to listen more carefully while making sure that he wouldn't be left too far behind from Crowley. "Do you think that's why this place would only have angels and demons? Because they're just so different from humans?"
Jack joined his father and his sister, then took the book from Claire’s hands, “How come you never tell us much about grandfather, Dad?”
The big brother stepped up to tear the mask off their prisoner, then he slapped the face underneath it. “Hey. Hey there, Sleepy.”
Dean could feel his face burned at Cas’ response, but it was a good burn. “Shut up,” he smiled, “go pick.”
Dean enjoyed seeing the man sitting next to him shifting sheepishly with a bottle of beer in his hand, and the answer that came from Cas totally amused him. “I think I’d go with
A soft mewl was heard, letting Castiel knew that the kitten had finished its breakfast. The tall man picked the bowl up and did a quick wash on it before washing his own hands and grabs a banana from the fruit bowl on the dining table. Then he returned to his bedroom to change for his morning jog.
He heard a familiar voice called his name, but he hardly recognised the voice. His head was heavy, and his eyelids were even worse. Dean stayed in his position for a few more moments, while wondering if he should get up to answer the call.
Castiel was taken aback by the defensive tone, but then he saw Dean’s expression turned apologetic and he leaned back again on the chair after another sneeze. The man in the white robe took this as his cue to continue his explanation, “It could be from many reasons, Dean, but probably from the way you brush your teeth. It’s quite common, though,” Castiel quickly added before Dean had another hard tone, “many people missed a spot here and there while brushing their teeth. I-I could help you with that.”
Again, the shiver was back, "Yeah, my parents have a thing for celestial names. I have a big brother named Lucifer before you asked."
Sam clapped his hand, "Right, so, Eileen and I will extract Jack's grace, and Rowena, could you help with the spell?"
“Yeah,” Eileen replied cheerfully, accompanied with her hands signing her answer, out of habit. “I was confused, how to call Sam. He took my stuff. My car as well.”
The man sleeping on him looked so confused why they were alone in the living room that was almost completely dark, save the faint light from the television. He blinked his beautiful eyes twice, then turned to Cas, who was sitting still next to him. “Oh shit, did I slept on you?”
Dean always loved this particular bathroom, that seemed to be in its original intact style ever since the days his grandparents used it. The design gave a robust vintage feel with the wooden vanity dresser right on his left as he stepped in. It had one with all the mirror, drawers, and cabinets to store his toiletries and towels. Then, of course, the shower cubicle with the best water pressure in the house. Dean could spend a good time standing under the shower after a long day of work.
The taller man chuckled as response, stood up straight and tapped Cas’ shoulder, “Okay, you sap, let’s get back there before they have funny thoughts about us.”
“Dean,” Castiel chuckled at the cheeky question, “his name is Dean. Well, it was good so far, we started to get to know each other, and he’s an interesting person. He’s gorgeous, mind you.”
“Does this have anything to do with the absence of a certain handsome angel? Where is he? I would love to see him drunk,” she then started to look around the bunker, in the hope that the handsome angel in question would suddenly walk in from one of the hallways of the bunker and greet them.
Dean chuckled, especially when he remembered that Sam was so excited to meet Eileen before, that he almost forgot about her car. “Right. We needed your car because we were going to separate duties. Anyway, you don’t mind us taking you to the bunker? We might need your help.”
“I never thought of you as a demisexual, Dean Winchester,” Balthazar smiled the wicked smile again, like the one he plastered when answering Dean’s question about his former flame.
As he saw them left, Dean couldn’t help thinking that they were actually getting nowhere with the plan to help Cas. The Empty was new territory for them, literally. Even though they’ve been familiarised with it when Cas died the last time, somehow they didn’t even bother to do research about it. Now, Dean had practically everyone worked on ways to help him get Cas out from The Empty.
"Crowley?" Sam replied, and shrugged. "At least Bobby said that. Remember, we were at his home, and he received a package outside. Said it was from Crowley."
Dean looked up to Jack in one snap movement. He didn’t dare to have hope with the call. He couldn’t bear to have another fake phone call that said it was Cas, but turned out it was a certain archangel that he would love to stab with an archangel blade. Again.
“Well, you look good. You do. I mean, a little dead, but, uh, good. So, uh, you like the big boss or something?”
All this time, Cas was that one person who made him keep on going, keep on doing what he did best. He knew he could work on all the cases, fighting all the apocalypse, defying God and Heaven, everything that happened in his life, all of them were just better, just right with Cas by his side.
“God, that’s totally wrong! We’re not some Greek mythology gods!” Dean sighed and placed his forehead on the steering wheel.
The young man soon got his order and turned around to sit on the table just across Castiel’s in a fluid gesture, that almost matched a dancer. He placed his tray on the table and sat, and the sunglasses was taken off of his face.
view!” Dean opened his second bottle of beer, made Castiel a bit worried considering he still have to drive home.
Just as Sam turned to return to the main building, Cas could feel Dean moved closer and placed his hand on the low of his back, that send an even greater imaginary jolt of electricity along his spine and made his body went through an imaginary electrocute.
the shit out of someone who tried to do anything funny in his bar. And Dean Winchester would love to
said it?” Crowley let out a grin when his question found what it wants and made his friend blushed. “Ah, there it is, the famous blush. Last time I saw that was when you had a major crush for Balthazar. So, who was he?”
“Up to you, Sammy. It would only be cooking and talking,” Dean shrugged, covering up his nervousness. “You don’t have any plan with Jess?
Since when Dean Winchester used the word ‘adorable’ to describe a man’s face? A man with floppy short hair that some of them were sticking out to several directions, bright blue eyes that shone with curiousity and slight alarm – like a surprised kitten – and plump lips that was swiped lightly with a tongue every several minutes.
Today, the bar welcomed many customers and almost every night Dean would be busy helping out with drinks, kitchen, and everything. Sometimes, he even helped his friend, Benny, as a bouncer, while having a relaxing chat with him. He also managed to pay back the money Bobby and Ellen loaned him, to start the business, every month. He was even able to raise the amount gradually every six months, and Dean was very proud of this.
It wasn't a memory that Castiel would like to recall, even though it had been so many years past. What was important for him now, both Claire and Jack grew up beautifully, and the three of them were happy as a family.
“Yeah, yeah, I was trying to remember what I should do with my class today,” apparently, the response didn’t convince his brother that he was alright, so Dean quickly continued, “you’re ready? Have you locked the Bat-cave?”
“Lucifer and little Lucifer?” Dean asked with a cheeky smile, “Don’t worry about it, Cas. Some other time.”
Even still with confusion in his eyes, Cas did what Dean told him to. Soon as Cas had his back on Dean, the larger man trapped his guest in his arms. One arm acted as a pillow for Cas, and the other circled the dentist’s waist.
The question made Dean chuckled, “Well, you looked like you know nothing about human technology, just like Pan didn’t know about Wendy’s.”
The heated multilingual conversation stopped abruptly, when a voice with a thick Irish accent, and spoke in plain English, came among them. The whole table turned their heads in unison to whoever came to their table and used a common language that they have known very well. It was a dark-haired man in a white shirt and sharp dark blue pants. His bright hazel eyes twinkled cheekily - an unmistakable Irish charm - and the smile on his face was friendly, although if you squinted there was a hint of hope there.
Satisfied with what his blowjob did to the man underneath him, Dean moved his mouth lower and started to rim Cas, to prepare him for what would come next. Being an angel, Castiel didn't need much of a preparation. Dean was quite sure, from Cas' moans and pleas, that he was ready for Dean the moment the hunter inserted his second finger into him.
It would get worsened for the vampire if the children were dead. The older hunter had emphasised to the creature sitting on a tree trunk before him that his little brother would do the beheading using a
“Dude, are you fucking kidding me? That thing is as thick as a pencil!” Dean waved his hand to the syringe that might make an appearance in his nightmares.
The Man who was on the ground was The One Person responsible for everything that happened in his life. The loss of his mother, twice, the loss of his father, everyone he loved, everyone he held dear; friends, family, everyone.
The diner started to get populated since it was almost the peak of breakfast time. There were sounds of chatter from every corner of the place, although it was still on a considerate amount of volume. It wasn’t too loud, yet you still could catch some of the ongoing conversations if you paid enough attention. The sweet smell of pastry started to fill the air. It was guaranteed to make anyone who stepped in to be hungry and craved for something warm and savoury to begin their day.
“Yeah, yeah, Cas, sorry. I’m good,” he smiled to the blue-eyed man, who was still looking at him deeply. “So,” Dean started, he had to, or they will be trapped in the awkward moment, “a dentist in an exhibition of sweets. You’re a lion in the sheep’s herd, Cas.”
“Right, that’s some age gaps there,” Dean had finished his pasta, while listening to Castiel’s stories. “Okay, I gotta ask … how old are you?”
Dean wondered if he should tell Claire that Cas is dead, for now, or should he keep it until they were sure that Cas could return from The Empty. He didn’t want to bring up false hope about Cas, yet at the same time, Dean also didn’t want to deliver the bad news about Cas to the girls.
Dean threw a look at his little brother. He knew that Sam would forgive Chuck, Sam was the one with more compassion compared to him. Yet, Dean also knew that if he murdered God right there and then, Sam would understand. He probably wouldn’t stop Dean to do that. For once, Sam probably could just close his eyes for it.
The protest went ignored by Crowley, "If you remember the soul bomb that Mother made when we wanted to kill Amara, mine was something like that. Only milder. It had hundreds of human souls, from my personal collection. Instead of exploding and killed us, my bomb created an inhuman light. You wouldn't want to see what was there behind the darkness in The Empty."
Another anecdote that brought a peal of soft laughter from Dean, "Yeah, of course. Well, long story short Cas and I were dragged there, although I wasn't sure if we were dead or not at the time. Given that if Cas was dead, he should be in The Empty, not Purgatory."
Moving out meant that they had to find another stable income, however basic it would be. Thankfully, the lawyer helped the brothers preparing their documents on moving to their new home. It took them around six months to work on the documents and get some savings, which hopefully would be sufficient for them to pay for maintenance and groceries while looking for work at their new home.
Cas closed his eyes to absorbed the moment, while holding with all his might not to whine, or moan, or anything on that such.
When he finally calmed himself down, Cas finally responded to the other man. “You’re welcome, Dean.”
” Dean caught the other man’s shoulders. “Hey, hey, calm down. Come here, sit,” Dean grabbed Cas’ hands and lead him to one of the chairs on the kitchen island, and stood before him. He could feel Cas’ hands were cold and shaking. He really was scared of the safety of his kitten, so Dean did the one thing he hope would calm him. He pulled Cas to a hug.
Cas chuckled at the direction given by Dean, then he went to the room on the other side of the house that has dog’s sounds in it, after placing his salad on the table.
Unfortunately for Castiel, just after Abaddon threw that question to him, a waitress came to their table for their orders. Obviously, the poor middle-aged lady heard the semi-announcement from the stunning woman sitting in the booth. It could be seen in her sour expression as she looked
Dean raised his eyebrows, “You know, Benny, why don’t we talk about this at my place over a Sandra Bullock film and probably mud mask, then we braid Sammy’s hair. What say you?”
Then the next memory would be when he thought he lost Sammy when trying to rescue their Mum and Jack in the alternate universe, right before he said “Yes” to Michael. Dean also remembered how he and Cas argued that Dean shouldn’t do that. The sad, disappointed look on Cas’ face was one of few things that haunted Dean when he was being hijacked by Michael.
Both Dean and Castiel jumped and turn to see who was so excited for finding them out here. It was Sam. He stalked to where Dean and Cas were standing and talking.
That was the moment when Cas realised that he would smile and giggle like a schoolgirl whenever he saw Dean’s face. Like an unintentional reflex. And based in the smile returned from Dean, the teacher didn’t seem to mind.
In the kitchen, Dean opened the fridge and took a bottle of beer out. He knew that he had to start somewhere, and this book might be it. However, Dean couldn’t help to have his mind playing with him.
"What is it?" the red-haired lady asked suspiciously, followed by curious looks from everyone around them that directed to the man who was about to throw an idea. "Come on, don't be shy, we might be able to work around that idea."
