The only men left we're Happy, Bruce, Bucky, Sam, and Clint. Who were all outside. However, Steve smiled, and softly cried as well. The shadow’s mannerisms, hairstyle, and sweater he wore, pretty much gave him away.
"You trying to get tossed into space? Because I know another Captain who could make that happen.".
"Yes, Yes, I'm fine, that was just, a bit rough?" Steve answered. He let go of his nose, but his eyes were nice and red. He truly didn't know how that felt at all. All he could do, was smile.
“The only reason I asked, is when he was earlier, he was pacing back and forth. And seemed a little on edge.” Bruce has known Steve for the longest time. And he’s usually not one, for having mini panic attacks.
Steve hated when he had to be stern with them. Let alone raise his voice. There were only a few times since the kids had arrived that he'd lost his temper. But he wasn't going to do that now. At least for something this small and immature.
They were similar weapons the Chitauri used at them. But we're now modeled to a modern AK-47. Blue/purple energy tubes grazed the side of the gun. And with the final touch, they were all with Hydra symbols embedded in them.
Tony turned around swiftly, ready to smack whoever just boasted at him. Or at least, at the fact, why they though they could speak to him in such a manner. He hadn't heard Steve's voice in a while, that he almost didn't recognize it, almost.
The gentleness of Steve was what Tony was most intrigued about them having sex. How would Steve go about it? Would he be delicate and gentle? Or was there a freaky side to the soldier that Tony was about to experience? It didn't matter, as Tony got his answer, rather quickly.
"Cap, I may have been many things in my life. But a dumbass isn't one of them." Tony shifted his weight off the wall.
The soldier had been contemplating if he and Tony should get a motel room since it would be ridiculous to try and find the house at this hour. He knew the philanthropist would have no objections... if the motel was nice enough.
"Uh, sure that's fine." In truth, Steve was jumping in circles. He was a wreck inward, but of course, composed outward. And a few more minutes wouldn't bother him it all. And, he was with Tony. What could go wrong?
But it also dumbfounded the being. The act of loving another was one of the many feelings that certainly was not programmed into him. Because why would he need it? His mission was to save humanity, even if he was created by a killer robot.
Against his judgment, his fingers typed out his number and pressed the call button.
"Huh. No wonder you were a playboy." He teased.
"Weapons... to... port city?... Ullapool?!" He mumbled, with that last one coming out to unintentional yell.
The philanthropist had that look in his eyes, again. That empathetic look of: "Stop lying to me.".
“Really? ‘Cause that kiss you two shared...” Sam felt a smirk appear on his face.
He looked to his hair. It was still brown, with strands of gray. All in all, even with a 4 year age difference, Tony still looked like Tony. The soldier was going to look further down, to see what else had changed about him. But that’s why he wasn’t here, specifically.
“What?” Tony asked.
"There's no need to, Steve. It's fine, I know you guys went... through with, It." She answered blankly.
The Avengers are dismantled. If Hydra is back to its old schemes, then they'll need help. But, who's help? Tony surely isn't ready for a reunion, with Thor and Bruce still M.I.A. None the less, they needed to get someone's attention.
"Listen! Your job as superheroes, is to save the world.  And you did that. And So, your job now is to wait, until a new threat comes along, and we need you. In the meantime, you guys are free to do anything you want. Play at the park, raise a family. Hell, you can plan a damn wedding, for all I care." He continued, "But that's just how it goes, Stark. You can't save everyone. And the sooner you get that through your head. The sooner you'll stop wasting mine, and everyone else's time.".
"Oh, and Natasha, thank you," Steve added.
The blonde first called Tony. His ears picking up Tony's dazed voice once the ringing stopped. Albeit, a little amazed at how Tony was awake. But the philanthropist has thrown all-nighters before.
The call ended. And Steve Rogers never felt more happier. Finally, things seemed to be moving forward for him. And hopefully for the better.
Steve swiftly trailed behind him. Tony stood by the foot of the bed and giggled to himself softly. The soldier looking at him in annoyance, "What's funny?".
‘Well I already knew that?!’ Steve wanted to say, but it came out as, “Oh.”.
While he begun to pick his body up, the brunette pulled him back onto himself. Steve giggled softly at this, while the iron-man picked his head up and gave him a deep, final kiss. But it wasn't passionate like before. It was a thankful, appreciative, connection.
"I got time." Steve smiled. His eyes only moving from the device to the brunette's eyes.
It was a simple time. Yes, half the universe was gone. But none of them believed they were ever going to bring anyone back. So they just simply decided to wash away the wrong.
“Okay... the reason that I brought you here, is mainly due to one thing... Vision.”
The Avengers were doing pretty well for the most part. Things felt somewhat familiar to what life was like before A-Day. Yet like many things in his life, Tony felt like something was wrong about...
Merry Christmas, Stony Fans! 😘✌🏻
"Outside of the shower. It's what you do when you're done." Steve teased.
“I think... I... maybe did, at one point. It was, when, I was telling him about my mother. And I just noticed him standing there, so intrigued, so interested in my life. And, it made me feel so good to tell him these intimate things with him.” He stated, “But, after Sokovia. The feelings never really attached. Which,  was odd. They just kind of flew away like a lost memory.”.
He huffed in annoyance, but at least he was in the shower, already. Tony just didn't understand their situation yet. But, he wasn't going to complain. The whole experience of being here, with Steve, was new to the philanthropist. It being exciting and almost adventurous as well. Regardless of what the future could hold, this would be a morning that Tony would remember, that's for sure.
"I don't know, Tony. You know that I don't have the money to do all that.".
"Come on, Tony is a full time diva. And Steve is a massive guy. There's only one way for that to work with them. And honestly, if Tony was surely gay, he seems like a bottom to me." Maria answered.
“Yeah, I’m alright kiddo! But you kinda interrupted something here.” Tony smiled.
Annalise introduced herself, giving a small speech about the property itself, and then ushered the men inside.
"Don't worry, Cap. I've been working on a plan since we left the city." He addressed, while walking toward the blonde, and placing a hand on his shoulder, "Our job as The Avengers, is to protect our people. And if we aren't doing our part in helping clean up, then we are just easier to blame. We need to give them safety, stability... Comfort.".
"Nat was, of course, the one to joke about me having, intercourse with you. We chuckled about it, but Pepper didn't like even acknowledge it. She looked like she was thinking. So when I asked her if she was okay? And She just... all of sudden, agreed with Nat." Steve babbled.
"I guess that's one thing Tony forgot to mention." He continued, "Well, Pepper, It's nice to see that your concerned of my well being. And I guess if I’m calling you Pepper now, you can call me Steve.".
"Just discussing some things," Steve answered calmly.
“I’ll give you details about where exactly to meet up, once you get there.” He disclosed.
“Hey, come on. I’ve known Tony for a little while to know that... all not perfect... this was an equal amount of distrust on both sides.” Nat had this curious look to her face as she ended her sentence.
Tony blushes again, and was going to respond before Steve had asked, "Did you get some sleep?".
"So, once I finish this, What do we do afterward?" Tony asked to his team. The Avengers simultaneously looked to Steve for guidance, but he was slumping down into a world known as sleep. "How come Spangly Tights over here, gets to sleep now?" He continued.
To the former Avenger though, regardless of the outcome, he just wanted his family to be aware of what's to come. And was going to protect them at all costs. Even if his paranoid-driven remedies did get on their nerves, especially Tony's.
His eyes suddenly focused on the illuminated stone.
Tony waited for Steve to finish. But all Steve did was seemingly fall further into himself.
Steve offered a room for Ziggy to stay in. Telling her that he needed some company and that her sister would be given the address and would be allowed to visit anytime she liked.
Tony stood frozen. But he wasn't scared anymore. No, the brunette was intrigued, and almost happy, in the sense. He had completely forgotten about his makeshift lab down here. Which mainly consisted of scraps of metal, blueprints for new projects (Like one for a Captain America suit for Steve, but with a few 'technological' advancements), a finished hand repulsor, and a small rock floating in the air.
"Oh no... It's way past your bedtime! No come on, and make sure to be silent as a mouse." Pepper protested.
So How’s the first chapter? Comment down below your guy’s theories for the rest of the book. This is my first fanfic and I’m trying to create their story in a more storytelling atmosphere rather than jumping around. I hope you guys like it!
"Yes, the kiss was for him. But it was also for me too." Tony explained, "I can't put it into words, Natasha. I mean, cliche as it sounds, but I see something different about Steve."
The crowds of people just simply looked upon the Avengers, and smiled. Others like that kid, came up to them and thanked them profusely. Of course, Steve was used to this so he took their gratitude skillfully. While Clint, Nat, Bruce, and Tony just seemed a bit uncomfortable. They weren't use to this kind of praise. But they still took the gratitude, none the less.
He just met the kid a year ago, truthfully by sheer coincidence. But as he looked to his little fan, he could see him festering with his hands and feet. Seriously, didn’t this kid have any electronics to use?!
"Why is that?" Maria added cautiously.
He scrolled down. His thumb barely covering the N of Natasha's name.
"And what is that?"
He held out his hand and Annie hesitantly placed the doll in his grasp. Steve then, yanked it and began to rough move out from the table. Winking at her as he stood back up; Annie following swiftly.
"There, that's what you need to be doing. Grieving. Not acting as if its normal life." She protested, "Your not hurting her by moving on. Your letting her rest.".
"Well... I know... but I still have boundaries. And just because your morality no longer exists doesn't mean mine is gone." Steve defended.
Every now and then, he would contact them. Using the same phone, that he was waiting for Tony to respond to. He'd genuinely asked how they've been, and if they needed anything. Wanda was glad, and satisfied with this. Yet for Vision, his friend was across the ocean.
This chapter was meant to show the trauma left over from the Chitauri’s raid in 2012. We also got a clue at to what Steve and Tony could’ve been doing in their absence. And don’t worry there returning in the next chapter. Anyway thanks for reading!
"Well, since you did, what can I do for you? How's it going over there?".
"Okay. I'll start calling you Tony, If you quit with the nicknames." Steve states.
Nothing more was said, and everyone went to sleep that night, shaken and exhausted.
Steve suddenly felt Tony's hand grab his arm forcefully.
Almost simultaneously though, the two felt the haunting memory of that little girl's face, from their operation 'Clean Up' all those years back, fill their heads. The screams, the utter pain, and that-that look of death that her poor face gave off, sent chills down Natasha's spine. Maria looked back to them concerned. She's been in the business too long to sense when shit is about to go down. Hoping that the driver wasn't suicidal or that he might try anything, Maria stayed, quite literally, on edge for the time being. Yet, Clint needed to clear the air, if not for him but for the women as well.
But even with all the dismantlement, Steve could feel his brain painting a picture/memory of him and his mother, sitting quietly at the table. Of course, this was before the serum, so Steve was drastically shorter in height. And his constantly drooled over muscles, were non-existent. He just sat at the end of a oval shaped table, waiting for his plate.
"I'm serious, Steve. We will be looking at that house on Cherry St. Just in case, you know."
Sam was surprisingly ahead of his companion, for their dash to the building. Which in hindsight wasn't smart, considering the higher chances of them being shot at, were growing with every passing minute.
Hope your doing well, and staying safe! 👌🏻🤠✌️🏻
"I mean it. You both need some therapy." She added.
But even though Steve looked like hell, in this picture, he was actually smiling at the camera. I mean, yes, Steve is a nice person and all, but not to this extent.
Tony felt a slight lift of heaviness off his shoulders, once his confession left his lips. He took a breath, and looked back at the super soldier.
Sure back in the day, Tony could say he had a little crush on Steve. But I mean who wouldn't really? But that only changed when Steve had supposedly died. Tony knew during those agonizing years the true nature of his feelings. Yet, when Steve returned, all he cared about was keeping him safe. Essentially sending his feelings for the soldier down the drain.
Because even though he knows it'll never happen. He'd rather be honest with himself, as he searches for this new ambition, than lying to himself. With that, Steve felt less rigid, knowing that he’d be sleeping next to someone that’s giving him a home.
" Oh god! I think my throats parched... Testosterone. Sorry I guess I need some water." Nat teased, "But anyway, Number 2. How... was your night?" She asks him with an 'I know what you did' tone.
Steve almost pouted in response. He really wanted things to be different. But they weren’t, and he was just going to have to accept that.
"Steve? Steve, did I lose you?" Tony's voice seemed a little worried.
"Hey Steve, what is it?" He urged.
She then laid her other hand, after wiping some embarrassing tears, on top of Wanda’s as a confirmation that it worked.
Bruce nodded his head in approval, "Of course! I just feel I could contribute more if I at least knew more details, is all I'm saying.".
"It's alright Tony, I know your confused. But I promise I will tell you why we came out here, once we get there." The soldier assured.
Recalling back to his conversation with Bruce earlier. He felt angry with himself for thinking that their friendship was nothing but a passing kinship for a conversation they were never going to have. Because now, it seems, Tony was beginning to feel comfortable around Steve again. Which is something that Steve thought he would never have again.
Steve was beginning to protest, but Tony cut him off. “No Cap, it was inappropriate of me. I should’ve been a little bit more sensitive about it. It was a rough time for us. I’m truly sorry, Steve.”.
A few chuckles followed, and the jokes once again subsided. The drive suddenly grew silent. The atmosphere grew uneasily tense and horrifically awkward. Like even worse than Tony and Steve's eye gazing moments.
"No I mean literally. What are y'all talking about.".
The young girl, Maria, threw some buttery pieces of pancake toward him. To which, Steve had to intervene. "Hey, Hey! Honey what've told you about throwing food?".
And yes, you read that sentence correctly. Since that forsaken day, Tony and Pepper got married, and soon had a daughter. Morgan Stark was her name. And she was everything to Tony. Sometimes, even more than Pepper.
"... In the house, unless it's an emergency.
"They're heading to Ullapool to ship the rest of the weapons." Steve couldn't believe what he was configuring. He actually, timidly, smiled with some pride. ‘I’ll have to thank Nat, for those lessons in learning Russian!’ He thought.
"Funny, Wilson! Very funny!" Happy grumbled.
And with his comment, Tony felt himself snap, "Fine! You know what I want you to do?! Go ahead, screw me! Since apparently 'therapy' is no longer an option!".
you needed?”.
"Is it bad, Is it hurting you too much?..." Steve moved his hand from his member and wiped at the philanthropist's eyes.
Tony nodded in return. But felt utter destroyed inside. How could he do that to Pepper?! She was the one woman who made him feel alive again. Someone so feisty, good-hearted, and who was also smart as he was. Tony's attention however, was brought back to Steve, as he started.
“Okay Natasha, me and Sam are at a gas station somewhere outside of the town. But, we are heading to Ullapool, which is where I want you to meet us.” Steve could see Sam’s ‘wtf’ expression with him mouthing a ‘what?!’.
Also, it didn't help that a third of them were women and a quarter were men. So that in itself gave a whole slew of issues that required a lot of trusting and knowledge. It certainly didn't help the bathroom situation, he'll tell you that.
“Why are you here?” Tony didn’t mean for it come off as a little bitter, but it did, “You said you wanted to talk. So... about what?”.
Tony always knew that Pepper, and now Morgan, have a part of his heart. But the minute that Steve Rogers came into his life. He couldn't get rid of him. Especially with that annoying, yet utter envious, nature of being a leader for the Avengers.
“I mean I’d offer to cook you dinner, but you seem pretty content with it yourself.”.
"Mmhm?"
"But I could've prevented this suffering, Tony." Steve sat back down on the bed.
Truthfully, everyone was so nice and paternal. Natasha, Bruce, Thor, Kate, and even Clint, were all welcoming and sweet. With the occasional argument here and there, as she was still a kid in their eyes.
"It is Bruce. Nothing more, nothing less.".
Truthfully, Steve didn't know why he was so worried in the first place. Tony probably got hot in the middle of the night, and just took his clothes off. Steve was asleep, so it wasn't like Tony did it in front of him. Even if he had, it wouldn't have bothered the soldier. So then what was there to worry about?
!” She stated.
Steve sat the phone on the receiver, and after some more inner thinking, finally looked to his friend.
Tony kissed her cheek and held her in a loving embrace. Like Clint, Tony loved these moments with her. But was utterly baffled on how he reacted to her comforting presence. Pepper let go, smiled timidly, and walked out. She felt some angst build up, but swallowed it immediately. While heading back down the corridor, feeling really defeated, she bumps into a sleepy eyed, Steve.
“I get that Wanda, truly I understand. But you're not hearing me. If you two got caught later on, what does that do for us? Huh? You and Vision know that we still are willing to help people, even if it means to leave with no recognition or praise at all.”
The two just laughed at Tony's quip, until their giggles faded. Steve admiring the sight of his friend, as did the other.
'They're gone.' Steve let a tear go, but didn’t want any others to follow. He already grieved, mostly at the battlefield. It was time to be strong now, if not for himself but for the others.
“Just be happy that you at least have Stark in your life, man. That should be enough, even if it isn’t where you want the relationship to be. But you need some happiness in your life, Steve. Seriously, if anyone needs some damn happiness in their life. It's you.
"Too tired to head back to the party?" Steve acknowledged.
The Epilogue will be added later, as a separate chapter. So don’t worry!
Steve and Sam couldn’t hold their laughs. They really tried to, even Sam was trying to hide his obvious tears filling up his eyes.
'No, No that's asking too much! Especially in our current situation!' She huffed again, this time with a growl-like tone.
Pepper thought it was the cooking. But as she looked into the living area. It looked almost spotless. The floors looked mopped, the sofa looked fluffed and washed, and the usual ashes left near the fireplace were completely gone.
She groaned. Waking up before 7, has always been the most annoying thing of her life. It reminded her of when she used to be Tony's assistant. My god, how it seems so long ago. Yet still feels as if it was yesterday.
His blue eyes slowly took in the scenery as well. Instantly looking to Tony's arm, now on his lower stomach. He began to take short breaths, seemingly nervous about something.
She looked in the bathroom to see if he was taking a shower, or even on the toilet, nope. As a little joke to herself, she checked under the bed.
Steve noticed Tony's anger grow. He could see his iron fists ball up. 'No, No, No, don't do that yourself!' He thought persistently. He grabbed Tony's balled fist, and nodded at him. Tony understood his gesture, and the two separated. Tony grabbed Clint, while Steve held Natasha. She was truly upset. She never saw a child, die like this before. Clint's reaction was close to Tony's. He kept a brave face, but his eyes were flooding with tears. Bruce wipes his tears, and came over to a distraught Nat, and hugged her as well. The team grouped into a circle. They had to process their situation, and get back to the plan.
It eventually daunted on Tony that he just figured it out why he kissed Steve. His face smirks as he spins Natasha around calling her genius several times.
Tony was no longer functioning properly. He couldn't even see straight, his knees grew weak, and his breathing became irregular like his heartbeat. But it wasn't really a surprise to himself.
"Oh, okay, Mr. Rog—Steve! Umm..." Peter faltered off.
At first, Steve was hesitant to answer. But he surprisingly agreed and helped Tony back outside, after a piece of the floorboard collapsed beneath the door.
"I know, I'm an egotistical, prideful, bastard. Don't worry I hear it daily from Pepper.".
Before slipping into bed, she glanced over at Tony. He was peacefully dozing. It gave her a nostalgic memory of the night they conceived Morgan. It terrified her. As he looked exactly the same all those years ago. The house was now once again, dead quiet.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony was about to respond, but the phone call ended.
Another yell from a different kid, this one was from Tommy, sent Steve dashing to behind the house and out to the river.
"Understood, Mam." Steve stood in his soldier stance. To which, Pepper playfully shoved him back. Steve looked back around the property and took a nice breath of fresh air.
Truly things couldn't get any worse? Right? I mean Steve knew that losing both Tony and Natasha was a bullet to his heart and soul. How much more could he lose at this point?
Tony’s realization, Steve’s behavior, and Natasha’s desires, was the main thing to be explored in this chapter. Comment what you think I should explore next?
Each ember he looked to, was a memory that flooded his mind. An ember sitting to the left, had him recall a time with Steve at the once Avengers tower. The beacon of hope, that has since been abandoned.
"Oh! See I noticed how determined you where to leave back there, so I followed you. And I'm pretty sure I have a clear understanding for why your heading back." She inquired.
"Let's just say the universe through this in my path. And, tumble I went." A dazed Tony answered, "I guess... we can 'do it' here. Truthfully, I think it would be inappropriate to do promiscuous things upstairs.".
For whatever reason, Tony never left home without it. It always stayed in his left pocket, ready for the call. The call that would be filled with yelling, screaming, rage, and even fury. But then it would calm, and the voices would lessen to a demand, until completely shattering into a tone of remorse, and sorrowful pity.
By the time he finished and fled to the barn to cool down and to feed the horses. Ziggy hesitantly followed him and asked if he was alright. He sighed. Replying only with a stern, "I'm fine, Ziggy.".
Pepper gives him a warm smile. And when Tony notices it, he remembers that smile. That’s when a certain blonde-haired, blue-eyed, super-soldier appeared in his mind. The first time it actually happened, when he wasn’t alone.
And that their seriously noticeable hiding spot, hasn't been compromised yet. 'Cause from this bush, their entire plan could be compromised. But Steve Rogers was always the one for taking some risks. Which was something he should look into, for changing.
Tony was so lost in thought, that he hadn't even noticed Steve leaning in. His lips hovering over Tony's, before gently pressing together. Both the men's breath hitched as they separated, only to do it again. Steve peeking his tongue into Tony's mouth every now and then.
"Of course." Steve answered. He looked to Morgan and could feel the tears begin to fill.
He smiled his warm smile, and then he too looked to the lake. And for some reason, after just a few seconds, Steve was back inside. Pepper didn't even notice the soldier.
.” She uttered.
"My god, it says my name on the bag!" She complained, "Did you ever learn to read?".
"So now you're going after my wife now, Rogers?" He quipped.
"That's because, in certain cases, it is. But not for all. And even then, an excuse for what, Steve? An excuse to forget it and move on. Or an excuse to be better because of it, and rekindle what you've lost." Bruce smiled.
"Not yet."
Some months later...
"Tony didn't abandon his team. I abandoned them. I abandoned... him." His voice quivering with hate and guilt.
Steve playfully shoved him, and the two men entered the dark home. Walking carefully, the duo blindly searched for any sign of a light switch. To their luck, Tony was able to stumble upon one.
"Yes." Natasha still felt a little upset about Tony's decision to stay.
Tony chuckled in response. "Well no. It wasn't only the reason I kept on doing it."
"I guess you’ve become an influence on me." Steve bragged.
"Alright, How are you and Pepper doing?" Steve questioned.
"This just feels familiar. I can't remember, but I do recognize this feeling.".
"Cap... Sam... please, if you hear this!" She insisted, "Please, just give me a sign. Anything...".
Tony’s limo flew off, as Peter reached his door. He knocked slightly, still giggling to himself.
“Obviously, when I’m not in a relationship. Because I swear, me and Pepper are always so back and forth. I do wonder why she still hangs around me.” He added.
Natasha:
"Steve... Please tell me you plan not to have an affair with this man. I mean I couldn't care less, but... Pepper!" She whispered aggravated.
“Yeah, we were good. And truthfully, I don’t think we ever really did fix our issues. We just discussed it, and then, that was it. Nothing was ever done about it.” Steve admitted.
Except now, it's red and orange lights were a lot more prominent and bright, as they had glistened along the snow that blanketed the building.
Tony looked horrified at her statement. He tried to get a laugh out without making the situation awkward... Too late.
Tony Stark, a legend to some, a father to two, and a good friend to one, Steve Rogers.
"Aye Aye, Captain." Tony teased, as he got on the adjacent side of the piece of concrete and lifted it. And it worked. With one good swoosh, the rock was off the girl. However, unbeknownst to the team, the screams of the girl had stopped, once Tony arrived. She was silent. The puddle of blood beneath their feet, grew. Nat and Tony ran over to her. Only to find a breathless, non-responding, girl. The atmosphere suddenly grew grim. She's dead. That one statement plagued all of their minds at once. By her looks, this girl looked about 12. Which made it even more tragic.
Sarah laughed, before giving her son a kiss on his forehead, as she picked her son's plate up. Steve stated in the dining room, before looking to his present self.
The soldier went back to washing his hands before drying them with the dish towel. He then walked into the playroom, which had been the room that Steve had found that old chalkboard in, and began to pick up some of the other toys. When his mind began to dissect the conversation he had with the girls, and how he almost lost his temper again.
For the next 7 months, Steve and Tony would remain apart, as their lives would progress into different directions. Steve, Nat, and Fury would eventually discover that Hydra is still around, and the facilities in Russia, are actually theirs. Some double agents at Shield, and Hydra, would reveal that Bucky, Steve's best friend, has been alive all this time, and that they have been experimenting on him ever since his time in the 40’s. Additionally, they would attack Steve, and eventually retrieve Loki's Scepter. Since then, Shield would be dismantled. And Maria and Fury would be continuing the mission ahead.
However, the early days of them all living together were not as calm as they were now. Steve's first kid was Christine Burman, or Ziggy, as she liked to be called. She was actually from Ohio but was moved to a shelter in New York when she and her mother had lost their house to the bank.
A part of him wanted to keep it, hold onto it. Just at least for comfort, knowing that Steve is still being Steve. That he’s not dead in a ditch somewhere; not trying to stay away from his duty as a hero; not, forgetting about Tony.
"Oh, that's the balcony," Richard said nonchalantly.
The sound, while annoying, does hold some nostalgic memories with it. More specifically, towards a man from his past, Howard.
Standing before them, but thankfully didn't see them, were hundreds of Hydra agents. All of which were facing the opposite direction of the shelter, and were equipped with those weapons.
"Alright, you caught me. What now?" He asks. Steve didn't like being this way toward her. But he knew she'd go back and tell Fury about his absence, or worse Tony.
"I can't dance. I... never really learned." His smile was gone now.
“I don’t follow.”.
Steve's smile stayed, as the two men entered his car. He turned the key, and off they went. Till' Steve stopped abruptly, a little ways down West 44th st.
Although, who was she kidding. She had like 4 dads now. Tony, Steve, and Bruce, being the most persistent. She'd like to think that Bruce was her confidence-boosting, protective father. While Tony and Steve were the playful, yet strict type of parents. Who, typically worried for her safety and well-being every single second of the day. Hell, Steve was up to his seventh parenting book.
"Yes... now can we drop it."
"I'm just full of surprises." Steve teased.
"Please, Tony."
"Yes. He was able to find a nearby warehouse, of all places, that had some suspicious activity going on. He didn't know if it was directly linked to our situation. But to me, it's at least a start.".
"Are you okay, Steve?" Sam asked safely.
Regardless though, Kamala is a member of the team. Whether she doesn't believe it or not.
"Tony can we speak to you?" Clint asked.
Since the Avengers first began, they've tried to keep their little 'boy band' constantly up to date with their situations. Usually, around the holidays, they would throw some small get-togethers just to see how everyone has been.
“How did you-”
"So you said you had something to tell me?"
"No, No, your fine. I guess I just needed someone to give it to me straight." Tony stated with a smirk.
Kamala looked to her teammates with admiration and envy, which was pretty much her normal look. "Nothing much! What are you guys up to?".
“So... bill me!”.
We’re here. We’re in the Endgame! Only a few more chapters, and it’s done.
'If this is what I'm doing, then I'm going to do it. Home is Home, is what Sam told me. My old one is gone. I need, or really want, to find another.' Steve thought.
Steve didn't say anything, admiring the beauty of the backyard and observing the other buildings sitting there. There was a monitor barn with a gambrel-shaped roof sitting near the back edge of the property. A garage, sitting adjacent to the barn, facing west, which sat a few feet from the screened-in porch of the kitchenette. And what looked to be a large river or bank of water, on the edge of the property.
And has it changed since then? Nope, it's even more unbearable now with time. Nat really wishes she didn't remember that day at all. Hoping that the last few years have been nothing but a dream. Or in this case, a night terror.
Tony didn't even try to break away, as he instantly melted into the kiss. The two held each other lovingly, as Steve deepened the kiss, further and further. It feeling more, and more, impassioned as they kept going.
But surprisingly, the agents below barely acknowledged the sound. Mostly because the energy blasts smacking the container deafened any outside noise.
Now shifting gears, the story will jump ahead a month or two before the Hydra raid in the beginning of Age Of Ultron. Let’s see what history has done to our Avengers.
After his vision cleared, Tony thought back to his memory. He didn’t know why he asked that question to Steve. It never seemed like a possibility then. Mostly because Steve and Tony had just met, and he was in a relationship.
Nat rememberers this encounter. It was about a month after the battle of New York. Natasha and the team attended the disorientating funerals in deep discomfort. Each casket they would put into the ground, was a shot to the head for each of the Avengers. Knowing that they had some involvement in their deaths was truly a self esteem destroyer.
The philanthropist wanted to leave the room, almost like crept. A tomb to leave behind any leftover, residual, memory of what happened. And to leave behind him any evidence of the trio’s location.
All Tony does is thank her profusely, and runs back inside to find Steve. His path was a set of trips and bumps into people as he made his way through the ship's corridors. He eventually stumbled into Steve's closed doorway. He doesn't hesitate to open the door, before he stops in his tracks and freezes. The older man just stares, as he finds the built man sleeping for once.
"Thank You, Tony!" Kamala beamed.
The two stayed like that for a while, until Kamala had burst through the door. Tears in her eyes, and a pained expression. "Oh my god, You're Alive!".
Even though, Tony and Steve's impression of each other was a pretty rough one. The one thing these two ever agreed on, was that the world needs some protection, and they are all they have. However, the same end in mind, doesn't mean the path the duo take isn't the same. Regardless, times we're looking alright for what they were.
I'm walking over to you right now. Look out your left window. Yet as you get out of the car, make sure to laugh like I said something funny.
Natasha let his words come and go in her mind. She wanted to accept his apology and forgive him. But all she could do was forgive him. His apology left on read.
Nevertheless, the blonde just took a soft breath and looked away momentarily, before gazing back out. The red star was gone now. Steve sighed in defeat but instantly gasped as the mischievous, golden retriever jumped in between his feet.
The soldier gave him a nod. After a few minutes, the car ride grew silent. Steve could feel the silence begin to ‘irk him. But around 15 minutes would pass before the two men would speak. Mostly because Sam took a nap.
"Steve... I know you want to help them. But you and I both know that you can't do this alone." She states comfortingly.
So she joined the group in pushing down the metal. Suddenly, Tony came inside, in the nick of time. He could hear screaming through his comms, and of course, no one is answering. Which in turn, he rushed back to where there were. He could clearly hear the screams from where he stood, and flew into the building.
"Well you are swallowing your food, buddy. And in my text book that's cause for alarms." Tony added.
"You know sometimes I feel like they we're lying about the 'follow the orders' guy you were, Cap." Natasha said smugly as she walked onto the ship.
"Well, I'll let you sleep now, I guess." Steve states.
The driver was about to continue his statements, but both he and the group had realized that they were close to their destination. As the taxi pulled up to parking space, the driver stated, "That'll be $35.56.". Clint grabbed his wallet out, ready to pay. He was honestly ready to leave the cab and just get back to the mission they were on. But it was Natasha's turn at speaking her truth.
The agents weren't looking to them, which was good... Right? Yet they were certainly listening, looking all around, searching for the loudmouth soldier, and his low voiced companion.
But he could've cared less now. He and Steve have finally taken their relationship to a new level, a new chapter, a new story. And he couldn't have been happier.
Morgan chuckled at her mom’s comment. “I think you cook amazing, dad.”.
Tony finally made it outside to his car, and headed out to a lake, a few yards from the Avengers Compound. He felt hesitant at first, but cursed in aggravation, and eventually got out of his car, to the edge of the road. Looking out to the water, he stood in amazement at the sight of it.
Breathing softly, they just wanted to see each other before the inevitable would be complete. Seeing each other naked is one thing, but going through with something sensitive and vulnerable as sex, is another.
"You know what I mean. There's no way that you not liking a house would bring down your whole mood. You're in your head, and you're most likely beating yourself up over something.".
He was more than capable to do things himself, like plowing the driveway. And he was appreciative of Steve, yet it made Tony feel, almost, useless. Sure, he took care of the kids and kept the house clean and secure. But he wanted to do more.
Why would Steve Rogers be house hunting you may ask? Especially since he has a place to live right now? I mean, he has affordable rent, decent neighbors, and an appropriate amount of space. And if he was being honest, the untouched nature of his apartment letting him drift off into nostalgia was a bonus. So why was he looking for another place to live, then?
Steve felt himself groan, as he awoke to the sun blinding his eyes. He would've considered it a beautiful sight to see, if it wasn't masked over with the putrid smell of the motel room. Raising his hand, he let it rest on his face, before sitting up altogether.
Small touches came and went, with giggles and laughs filling the room. The erotic tension between them growing with every second. The friction of their bodies rising into an amorously blissful moment.
“Yes, I’m okay. This smells so good.”.
"I know we weren't suppose to leave. I know we weren't suppose to steal one of your ships. But dammit, w-we helped people today!" He protested, "I saw, We saw, a young girl die today. Die right in front of our faces. Her screams will forever haunt me. But honestly what I'll take from it, is at least she died, with us fighting to help her! Oh! And may I remind everyone hear, that one of your airships might've killed a couple more people when you swooped in to get us. Great Job, Today! Let's go celebrate, drinks are on me!".
“Okay, but who’s sleeping with who?”.
Once the door opened, Sam answered with a smile.
Captain Marvel, who was a surprising new addition to the team, was the woman who brought Tony Stark back to Earth. So the Avengers thanked her profusely.
He eventually reached the lab, and peered into the windows. He couldn't see Tony from where he was standing, so he moved to the door way. Looking through the window slit, he could see the philanthropist more clearly. He was still gazing upon Loki's Scepter. Tony was in his zone, and he really didn't want to bother him, as he looked fine from what he could see. But he’d remembered Pepper's concerned look. He didn't want to take back his word, especially to someone who seemed to trust him. Trust was a huge virtue to Steve.
“This is about Tony, isn’t it?” Sam addressed. To which, Steve just sat shell-shocked. Was he that oblivious to his current misgivings?
She looked back up to the walkway and could see Tony smiling down at them. As if he was happy to see them happy. Or really to see Steve happy. Another lightbulb flew on in her head. She finally had the puzzle solved.
"If you come over here, and place a kiss on my forehead. I will put myself up for adoption." Their son declared.
However, last he heard, he was still very much a married man. And Her & Morgan were his everything. Steve would never forgive himself if he let these little feelings affect their friendship and Tony's family. So, no home-wrecking for Steve Rogers. No matter how envious it made him feel.
"He said that he'll get some people he knows over here to help with finding their hideout. Like... undercover shit." Natasha felt that smug smirk of hers appear on her face.
"Steve..." Tony teased.
He lifted his hand to touch it. The aura was enveloping him now. His fingers were mere millimeters away from its glass-like surface. Suddenly, Tony was zapped with a pulsating sting.
Strangely though, it did somewhat feel familiar to him as well.
Oddly enough, Steve hadn't noticed him yet. Then again, Tony hadn't made much of an effort to acknowledge that he was awake.
An hour passes and the two find the house sitting quietly off the road. A few trees surrounding it, with the landlord standing by the front porch.
at him."
Steve raced to the edge of the dock and looked all around himself, and the waters below. He couldn't see any bubbles in the water or any signs of broken wood on the dock, which was a good sign. But he still couldn't find their little golden retriever.
"You'd be surprised at how many people don't know it!" Steve replied.
"Well... they kind of, you know..." He says a-matter-of-factly. Thor can sense the remorse but it must be bottled up. He knows exactly what Tony will say, so he doesn't let him finish.
Sorry for the long wait. Went a little too crazy with descriptions of the farmhouse’s layout. But I felt it was necessary for visual reasons.
Regardless, those conflicting times seemed to have been fixed nonetheless. Well if you consider 'fixed' as Wanda going missing, this John Walker fellow tarnishing everything of the Captain America name; and a rogue organization spreading more fear than hope, that Sam had to tackle with.
It didn't take long for the two of them to get undressed and laying on Steve's bed. The soldier hovering over Tony's body, almost as if he was protecting him.
I mean, Steve never found out annoying. Just truthfully, disappointing. He didn’t understand why Tony was so much more risk-full when it came to his life falling apart. And why it seemed to correlate with Steve. But this time, it was different.
Steve chuckles at her amusing statement. Pepper checks her watch, and notices that it's 1 in the morning. Steve, who's, from what she heard from Nat, has had no sleep, is now out and about? "How come your up, Captain?" She asks politely.
But nothing compared to Steve's car headlights as they shined brightly onto the home. ‘Calm yourself, Rogers.’ He thought as his car pulled into the driveway. His car-hood parking, directly, in front of the living room windows. Which barely had any glow to them. From what Steve could tell, the room was at least illuminated by a different type of light source. 'Probably a Fireplace.' He thought once again.
He looked around the room. There was no one in sight.
"Alright, I'm calling it quits. Come on, we can put our clothes back on and -" He relented before Tony cut him off.
“Well what is it?!” She cried, this time with a lower volume.
Steve 'Capsicle' Rogers had a part of his heart. And with this final revelation, Tony felt himself lift his head up, in utter disbelief.
Silence befell them both. Tony being flabbergasted at the fact that she called him. And Natasha with her weak response, and soft tone. Which, was so unlike her.
And Steve was so not looking forward to cleaning that up. But here he was, at 7 in the morning, lifting a few pieces of wood ripped from the barn's structure. The muddy, thick grass, wetting his boots and bottom of his Levi's. And taking the wood to the edge of the driveway, so that the sanitation truck could dispose of it.
Once the two men were now in their vulnerable position, it was time to see if they were true to their word. They weren't stopping, so I guess that answers that question. The two souls just faced each other and felt so connected than they ever did before.
Steve went down a second hallway, and Sam went to the right into another room. The two remaining hydra agents dumbly followed the separated men.
Steve smiled still. He caught onto what he said rather quickly. And honestly, he felt a little flattered that a man said he reminded him of his girlfriend. Although, Steve knew that what happened should only be a one time occurrence. For his sake, and Tony's. And honestly for Pepper as well. He knew he had to think of a way to fix this. Of course his response was anything but helpful.
Clint looked unamused. He wasn't dealing with Tony's deflections today. Especially about something like this.
"Guys, it's weapons their distributing. Be careful!" She urges them over their comms.
"You, going to say something? See! Now I am trying to get you speak?!" Tony laughed. Steve laughed in unison and finally walked up to the philanthropist.
"Did some spec of dust rustle some bad memories?" Tony remarked.
"We're being nice to each other as a way to avoid talking about what happened. But then, something is either said or shown that reminds me of how I hurt him. And by then I'm either too stubborn or too cowardly to say anything.".
Pepper knew Tony would suffer from nightmares. More so than ever before. Back in his PTSD days, after Loki, he was a straight mess. Always succumbing to his nightmares, in bouts of seizure-like fits.
Some time would pass, before Steve was given the confirmation, to move his hips. A few more winces, and another painful moan followed his slow, soft, rhythm. He stopped again. Steve didn't know why Tony was still wanting to go through with it. It was obviously hurting like hell.
But what mostly confused the man was why did their falling out in Siberia hurt so badly. I mean sure, a friendship like theirs was no doubt admirable. And yes, Steve was the whole package. But still, he sat confused as ever.
"I knew you weren't okay with it. Why didn't you tell me you weren't." He urged.
Steve was a little nervous about Tony and Bucky meeting again. Since the last time they had met was definitely not great. However, much to his shock. The two seemed cordial around each other, only exchanging a few words here and there.
More snickers followed till Happy found a leftover fry from the ground and hurled it toward Sam in defense.
And truthfully, he didn't even care that he had thought Tony was gorgeous. Why deny his own feelings any longer? Steve was going to move away, to a new house, with a new purpose. Why not just accept this new ideal he has and see how it goes?
“I’m sorry Steve, I didn’t know.” He replied cautiously.
Steve nodded at this. Whilst shoving some more fries, impaled by the fork he used to cut them, into his mouth.
Natasha and Sam agreed with the super-soldier. They knew they had faced worse. Way worse. But in those times, they had everyone. And now, they just have themselves.
It was like a weight lift off him when the word 'Kiss' left his lips. It had been almost 4 years since it occurred. So many things had happened. But they sorted it out. They told each other it was nothing more but an act run by drastic emotions.
"I'm really sorry! I thought you had known?!" Peter exclaimed.
He knew Tony was stalling. Regardless, he didn’t press on with it.
Steve guesses.
"Okay. I'll check around upstairs again. Do you mind to check the grounds? Just in case she's out there doing her normal hums. I don't want her to be, you know, losing it." Tony asked.
"Steve..." They all said in unison.
"I'm sorry, that was a bit... strong." He continued.
Tony seemed fine with it, but truthfully Steve could tell the philanthropist was only seeming that way because he was tired. The brunet began to take off his clothes, Steve turning around to give the man privacy.
Even now, as he held a huge piece of lumber and was carrying it down to the greenhouse. The snow crunching under his boots, with the peering rays of dusk illuminating the sky above. Their beautiful home sitting idly behind him.
"My name isn't Jesus." Steve amusingly replied.
Steve just stood there. He didn't really know how to process what he said. Did Tony Stark, an egotistical, arrogant, philanthropist; who he just met a few days ago, tell him that he's comfortable talking about 'sensitive things' with him.
"Hums?" Steve inquired.
'I said yes to it. I was okay with it. If it would make him happy, so be it. And I trust Steve! He wouldn't let Tony make rough decisions without reason. So then... why do I feel this distraught!' She thought sadly. She was questioning if she really made the right decision.
somehow.".
Steve did hand motion for Sam to fly to the other side. His companion nodded in response, and quietly flew to the other side undetected. Steve held his hand to his ear, ready to call Nat.
The team just stood in silence. Not wanting to utter a word. Fury began his lecture with a 'how their team works' statement, and all that. But even then, it was best to wait till- And Tony proceeds to object quickly.
If he knew house hunting would be this aggravating, he would stay in a cardboard box, for all he cared. He needed some assistance, whether he cared for it or not.
The brunette reaches the third floor and leans on the doorframe leading into the messy playroom. Where, his husband was currently giving raspberries to Maria, while James was atop him pretending to wrestle the soldier. It was all just a terribly domestic scene. On one hand, Tony was soaking it all up, on the other, he was feeling a little envious.
Once the formalities had gone and they all sat down on the adjacent couch; well Bruce had to sit on the floor. Tony was, of course, the first to ask him about how his life is going.
"Can, Well... May I, S-See it?" He asked cautiously.
“How could we let this happen?” Steve uttered.
Natasha was the more persistent of them calling. While Steve, Bruce, Thor, and whoever else, we’re strangely not as verbal.
"Uh, yes you can. The coffee machine is over there." Tony answered. His voice was similar to Steve's.
Tony took this remark for himself, before a bump on his chair took his attention.
"Are you okay? I heard a loud noise." Steve inquired.
No one immediately answered, as the soldier devoured his food as if he hadn't eaten in days. They all looked to him, mildly worried. Sam was more confused than he was worried. He's been with Steve all this time. And he's ate moderately from he can remember. So then, what the hell happened?
He felt his breathing stop for a second. Now realizing that he's not wearing a top. Tony just stood there looking upon his half naked 'acquaintance'. Of course standing there like a stalker wasn't going to go anywhere. And his thoughts were starting to become jumbled. He came to tell Steve of his realization. And so, he sat down near Steve and whispered his knew discovery. He knew Steve couldn't hear him, but as long as he spoke it with him in the room. It was honestly just the same. 'Jesus, what am I doing?!' He thought aggravatingly.
Kamala notices Tony's amused smile when he notices Steve's position. She silently snickers to herself. "You two love to stand next to each other."
He winced a few times when he tried standing fully back up, with Sam running to his aid. The quietness of their encounter was soon being obliterated by the weapons that made their female companion's blood run cold.
"Uh, hello. Uh, Good Morning, Mr. Stark." Steve babbled, "Can I make myself some coffee?". He sounded like he did last night. Nervous as hell. His voice almost cracking, several times, through his comments.
He knew Tony was stalling. There was way too much concern in his eyes for Steve to just let it go.
He didn't know specifically when he made the decision. Or if it was, really, always there in the back of his mind. Just like everything else that fell on the back burner, when life seemed to smack him in the face.
"I-I-I d-don't know. It just seems a bit... wrong. Steve would send a manhunt for us." She stated, "Not even that, but Natasha would have our heads."
Peter Parker, the 17-year-old Avenger, who was an acquaintance of Steve's and a personal friend of Stark's. Had heard about Steve's move to Virginia, almost a year ago. The soldier only met the kid twice in his life; both times on the battlefield. Yet, Steve always wanted to know more about Peter and waited dearly for the proper introduction to finally take place.
Steve and Nat were the ones who were genuinely took aback by his utter dis-concern for the people of New York, let alone mention it.
Now, all he wanted was the warmth of Steve's body next to him. He rolled himself up and into a sitting position once again. He slipped on some neatly placed jogging pants. "Steve, you corny bastard.".
Natasha noticed this, and even though she didn't want to ask. Her question still came out. "Is everything alright? You look like your about to tell me someone's dog died?".
"Not really. Truthfully I actually can't. It's all fuzzy now trying to remember it." He affirmed defectively.
An elevator ding from the far end of the room, made them all look toward that part of the room. It was Clint, Maria, and Cho. There were some hugs, some laughs, and some more conversations, before the clock finally hit 7:30.
The team looked dumbfounded. How could they have possibly picked a solution, in that short amount of time. The group's expression went from confusion to relief. Yet Tony and Steve were still not convinced. Nat eventually asked Fury who would be doing the clean up.
Steve eased the tension in his shoulders and chuckled a little. Finally looking back to Tony to apologize.
"No Tony. I haven't... yet." Steve winked.
"I know. That is why I asked. I want this... Us... to be very excelling at our communication skills." He stated with a chuckle.
It was Steve’s. And you could tell him, back and forth, the many reasons why it isn’t. But deep down, the super-soldier swore to the people. That he would protect them till his last breath. Well, he’s still breathing, and the people are neglectfully broken. In his eyes, it was his fault.
"What do you mean by that?" He stated.
Wanda let her fingers slip away, and sat her hands back in her lap. Once again thinking about her situation.
The words slipped from his lips like word vomit. Steve even couldn't believe he said it. The two just stood, opposite of each other, wordless.
"Look, I know what you must be thinking—".
"Oh please, please don't call me ma'am. It makes me feel older than I look."
"Judging by your face, I can see you want some answers." He joked.
Steve Rogers however, was using this time to finally catch some 'Z's. He hadn't slept in the last few days, which is understandable. Coming into a new era, taking down an evil Demi-God in tights in a bull-horned helmet; and had some interesting encounters with several new people; awkwardly. The most personal one being Tony's. Their first impressions weren't great, but it was better than nothing. It gave Cap some nostalgia from when he met Howard all those years back. Like father like son, I guess.
Steve stepped toward him. And began to try to calm him down, again. 'Plan B, again?' He thought.
Yet that's not who he saw. It was just a silhouette. A silhouette of a built man. No face, no features, just a beige like creature, laying on his side, facing him. 'Ok, creepy!' He uttered.
The brunet, who hadn't even noticed the property yet, looked to him as if Steve had said something in a different language. Tony, then brought his eyes to it. They were both now staring at this dilapidated farmhouse tucked away off of a nearby suburb.
However, figuring out his infatuation with her was kind of inappropriate for the time being, as Nat was still unconscious. Yet, this wasn't the first time she's been unconscious. If there was a counter of the many times he knocked her unconscious, since they started their lessons, it would be up to 15. Of course, Tony and Fury were able to come up with a little gadget to help with just that. Dr. Cho, a nurse from Seoul, and one of the many at Shield, would help is well. And just like that, the machine worked like a charm. So each time Nat was 'smacked into next week'. They'd hook her up to the machine, and she wake up as if it was a nightmare.
“Why?!” She croaked, “It’s not fair! This is the only toy anyone has ever given me. For me. I don’t want to let that go. Please… Steve. I can’t let that go.”.
"It's time to continue working, now me and Hill found out about secret facilities, in and around, Russia that might be valuable to us." Fury continued, "It might take a few months to get a good look at the places, figure out who's responsible, and get you all back into shape, mentally.".
Sam chuckled but his answer was anything but helpful. "Well Hello to you too Nat! Um, Yea, they were with me and Happy earlier, at a nearby diner. But when we left there, they had stayed behind.".
"What the hell where you guys thinking?!" He yelled furiously.
Tony was really trying to keep a straight face. But the pain was surely piercing through his false expression.
Steve didn't mean to interrupt, but he knew the kid was going to keep repeating himself if he hadn't. "I'm looking for some roommates. It's—uh—getting a little lonely in that big old house of mine.".
Tony gave her a 'boo' and Pepper reached her hand down and smacked him.
Before, Steve would've told you that he felt strangely comfortable walking onto Tony's property. He sure as hell wasn't happy to talk to Tony then, let alone convince him of their plan at the time. But the way Tony presented himself alongside the beauty of the house itself. The feeling, to Steve, could only be described as familiar and domestic.
"That's fine, Tony."
In her defense, these bots did look like metallic skeletons. Scraps, and holes, in the face and bodies of these once weapons of destruction. Their collective main purpose to hunt and kill hundreds of in-humans. Just the mere thought of it all made Kamala shiver with fear. Even from afar, the trio seemed eerily silent as they watched the tub of broken bots move into the lab.
The two did not awake once Pepper and Morgan came home. She didn't know what to expect when walking through that door. Yet entering the quiet home, she gave a sigh of relief. No exposed husband in sight.
Once the two ladies sat down, Natasha wasted no time in getting down to business. Her posture straightened, hands were held together in front of her, and face that read: important info about to be discussed.
"Tony, we're talking about what you said to me and Steve. How we're... all tired?" Nat stated.
Natasha looked to the other redhead, and gave a warm smile. A smile similar to Steve’s. Warming to the soul, soft enough just for you spill all your secrets out to them.
Anyway, I hope y’all enjoyed it, cause it’s pretty much going to downhill from here.
And it had to be today. He had to leave and finally put an end to this issue. The super-soldier was so sick of having to deal with shit.
Ziggy, of course, was talking about the April Fool's prank she did on Steve. Where she had pretended to call Stark in hopes that would get a reaction.
Since Fury's call to the team, Nat and Bruce have been practicing, in one of Shield's underground parking lots, on a mechanism to help the green guy get calm. Through numerous failed experiments, they were finally able to find a solution. The team likes to call it, Hulk's lullaby. A simple tune that Nat hums, while also slowly letting her hand graze his massive palm. Through those weeks, Nat and Bruce really bonded with one another. More or so than she did with Steve. From their first encounter together, to now; there was obvious growth shown. Many afternoon's was spent laughing, wheezing, hitting, and crying. A truly unforgettable experience to say the least. One afternoon however, sticks out more than others.
Steve looked off, thinking about Bruce's words.
Tony shakes his hand in agreement. At least they've grown into making deals now. "You guys done yet?" Nat questioned amusingly.
His little taps now became literal slaps, until Sam finally surfaced from his subconscious.
She smiled to herself, as he awkwardly walked past her, and up the stairs to where the trio still stood.
"Hmph? Oh Yeah. I just... haven't been sleeping well, is all." Steve stated nonchalantly.
Stay well, Stay Safe! ✌️🏻
And Steve wasn't there like he said he would be. 'No, he had to complain about some damn documents, that could've saved us all!'. So when Tony sat his arc reactor in Steve's hand. It was significant to him, and the team, that he wanted nothing to do with the 'Avengers'.
Tony rolled his eyes, and turned around to his workshop. Sighing in such an exaggerated way. Yet Steve just smiled, and then continued.
"How have you been?" Bruce asked gently.
“Tony, I want you to have sexual intercourse with me.”.
“Okay, you have to be lying. ‘Cause both Pepper and Morgan say the same thing. I mean, I know I’m a great cook and all, but seriously!” Tony teased.
Every morning, her alarm would go off at 6:30. And she would whine in agony. She'd get out of her bed, take a shower, freshen up, and head over to Stark's mansion, to see what pain Tony would put her through that day.
But in all seriousness, thank god for delivery. The trio, since there time in exile, has never tried to sit in a restaurant. Or even, run out in public without either being wrapped up in stealthy disguises, or ordering delivery with the few cents they have.
"Just give it time, Kamala."
Tony eventually, found out about their situation weeks later. After several attempts to contact them, mostly through missed phone calls. Natasha finally picked up.
"Through the front doors." Without his much serious tone, Nat and Sam would've thought he was joking.
"Clint's right Tony. Get your shit together. Unlike you, this is all I have. And you have an amazing woman, don't lose her for a simple crush." Nat explained, briefly muffled by the metal of Tony's suit.
When he reached the last step, and flicked the light switch on. Strangely, it didn't turn on the main light hanging eerily in the middle of the room. It did, however, turn on an overhanging light above a nearby table, filled with scraps of metal, and an extension cord. And like clockwork, a whole slew of lights, and machinery came to life from the space around him. With the main light coming on last, but it sooner fizzled out pitifully.
Pepper could see and feel his body tense, and become clammy. "Are you ok?" She asked. His fake smile and 'yes' response, does not impress her. 'Why is he acting so strange?' She thought. But, she chose to ignore it. Blaming it on exhaustion, and Tony's own pride.
"Morning, daddy." Her soft tone making Steve's already wide smile, even wider.
"I just... find it funny, that you're worried to ask, one of them, for something." She started cautiously.
“Sure, what’s on your mind?”.
"My eyes might need checking too!" He scoffed.
"It's destabilizing. We need to get out of here!" Natasha yelled as she zapped her assailant.
"Bye, Tony.".
"Yeah, what the hell punk?! I know Fury told you to lay low for a little while. But he didn't mean for you to fall off the face of the earth, dipshit!" Bucky interjected.
Steve’s way of calming his nerves before a big blowout.
"Alright! Alright! Both of you!" Steve yelled, "Annie, if you had the doll last night. Then there's no reason why Tina can't have it right now!".
That is until, her husband died in the war, Steve stating a month prior that he wanted to train in the army. And her job, as a nurse at the tuberculosis ward had been literal hell.
Before Peter answers, Steve wonders if Tony had ever had this issue with the kid. Still surprised at how Tony & Peter's relationship is so domestic and had been, for years now.
“Good point!” Happy attested. Eventually flinging another fry to Steve’s direction.
"I know, Steve. But you, of all people, know how nervous I get when they do shit like that." Tony wiped his mouth with a cloth and turned to his naked, wet, husband.
“So your pretty much Tony’s bodyguard?” Steve inquired hilariously.
His hairstyle usually being a typical pompadour, swept to either side rather than back. Was right now, disheveled and messy.
Peter pondered for a moment. "Not at the moment, no.".
Steve looked at him before looking at his feet in shame. How Tony could read him like a book, he'll never know.
He looked back to the super-soldier, who kept his eyes on him. His disappointed stare annoying him with every single second that passed. "What do you want me to say?" Tony snapped, "Oh sorry for saving your life! Now go on, scram!".
"I get it, Tony. Except it wasn't only Steve for me. It was everyone. Out of the corner of my eyes, I thought I'd seen you, but... you guys weren't there." Natasha felt her chance at being vulnerable was bringing back too many painful memories, but she kept her composure.
Tony began to get up, until he felt a hand hit his arm. It was drowsy action done by Steve who simply situated his body to a more comfortable state. He picked Steve's arm and placed it softly onto his chest. This of course woke Steve slightly. With his dreary eyes, he could make out Tony's face of literal 'Oh Shit'.
And Steve was tasked with completing it. However, his mind was far from anything of the mission. His mind fled to the philanthropist and the Russian red-head.
His mind finally bringing back the reality of last night. All the emotions, all the feelings, all the rawness. And to him, it was strangely entertaining. The familiarity of the situation, mostly coinciding with his actual first time, all those years ago.
Once it was all said and done, the two began their feast. The clanging of forks against glass, and soft chewing grew obnoxiously loud rather quickly. So Steve decided to fill the air with a simple question.
The sans-serif font glaring at him from his cell phone. It was an article about the super-soldier creating a focus group for the people struggling with 'the blip'. The Blip being the name of Thanos's Snap. Yes, I know, weird.
That was an answer he'd never really understand. Or really wanted to figure out. He was perfectly fine with simply reliving these memories.
"Did I miss something funny?" He asked.
The gang entered quietly, only to find one employee working. A few customers were sitting a table, near the street window. They group took this as a possible clue. Witnesses are usually the best and worst, when looking for missing persons. And Natasha hoped that this was one of those winning moments.
"Hi," Tony said exhaustedly.
You weren’t breathing Tony!” Steve croaked.
Even though they didn't directly kill these people, it was their negligent self idealism towards 'kicking ass' that truly didn't go unnoticed. Steve and Tony were the most destroyed once they buried the driver's daughter. So much so, that after the funeral, Nat had noticed the duo talking to him afterward. However, it never dawned on her on why she never asked what they discussed about that day.
Nat picked up on this, but didn't drive it out further. She knew he was nervous. But truthfully, found it cute and adorable. Which is a very rare occurrence in her book. Most of the men she's known, have been brutal, demanding, and arrogant beings. She saw something sensitive in Bruce and Steve that she hasn't seen in anyone else, including Tony, Thor, or Fury.
"Alright. I guess we’ll see you tomorrow, bright and early. Ready to go milk some cows, Sam?".
Steve looked to his mother, and instantly knew what she meant. He sat his fork down, and just stared at his food. 'No, no, no why is this happening?! She's all I've got left?!' He thought worryingly.
"No worries. But I'm afraid that we'll have to decline on the house." As soon as Tony said those words, Steve felt a little better knowing that he wouldn't have to turn down another landlord.
Tony agreed, to Steve's amazement. And everyone called it after 2 a.m. So it was just Steve & Tony who were up at the moment. The philanthropist was currently in the master bath taking a shower.
"Of course! Why wouldn't I want to sit next to a Christmas tree, that just screams 'Me'." Tony exaggerated.
"Yeah, especially before it gets colder. Heard on the news that the high today is going to be like 56 degrees!" Jenny added.
The soft little breaths following a giggle from Steve, made Tony snicker.
"No, not at all, Tony. Quite frankly the opposite." Steve cleared his throat whilst rubbing the back of his neck, "So you'll do it?".
Coming into the foyer, Steve couldn't see the philanthropist, like anywhere. But he did know that Tony likes to play games, so his mind expected a sensuality's version of Hide and Seek.
Speaking of Steve, his night was quite different from Tony's. He had no freaky dream, no pep talk in the morning, and no body ache to complain about. He felt just fine. Knowing Tony, it would be better if he had forgot the night before as well. And he did rather quickly. Not to say that it wasn't easy. Steve's only relationship was Peggy. And god, how he missed her every day.
"What the hell is that thing?" He questioned.
On this night, it was strangely quiet and inactive, considering the tower was expecting a reunion. A reunion of epic proportions. But that didn't mean it was a happy-go-lucky time of nostalgic memories. If Fury needed them again, it must be for something big. And speaking of Fury, who stood at the bar with Nat as his bartender, was definitely excited for tonight's events. "This is going to be one interesting night." Fury teased.
“Well... alrighty then. And I didn’t mean for ‘that’ to seem like a reality. I was just putting ‘it’ out there as a possibility just in case.” Tony babbled.
"Sorry, I just... I was just... just so done with everyone trying to comfort me and it not showing. You know? Yet, for someone weird reason, Steve waltz in. And there I am spilling my guts out to him, and then... kiss-ing him like a school girl who just got a damn compliment about her purse." He babbled, "And here I go again spilling myself out to you now?! I mean Christ, are you two working with Loki? Do you two have some mind bending trick, to get me to open up?".
The question of the travel back upstate, and that most of the men would have to rent hotel rooms, did come up. Steve of course, completely was against the idea. And being the ‘mother hen’ that he was. He had asked everyone to at least stay the night. There were at least three rooms to pick from on the second floor, and the couch was an option as well.
"God, that would be wonderful!" He reassured teasingly, "Maybe two, if I'm feeling a little mischievous?".
"Why'd you stop?!" Tony whined with fast breaths.
"Okay. Just give me a few minutes." She hung up the phone, and swiftly headed toward the kitchen.
"He'd hate me if he knew that I just gave up. That I abandoned you guys when you needed me." Tony took a sharp breath in. He too was starting to feel that it was too much.
Once Tony was situated, Steve began his entry. The brunette took some deep breaths, but it wasn't long till he winced. He took one of his hands, and pressed it against one of Steve's arms, in response to the painful sensation.
Tony's face looked away for a moment. The soldier trying to understand what Tony was thinking. Reading his face almost urgently, but it was pointless. The brunet shot out a breath and looked back to Steve.
Aunt May must’ve been working late, as she didn’t answer. He took out his spare keys and opened the door into the darkened room.
Where he found Happy smiling eagerly at him. He was standing by Tony’s office, and quickly ushered him inside. Once Tony was pushed inside, he found a bulletin board hung up on the back wall. Illuminated by the slight sunlight that draped the room. He was about to protest on Happy’s rough yet strange behavior, before his eyes fell upon the photos.
It was quickly diminished, once he noticed Sam across from him. The super-soldier looked to his friend in anguish, then gazed around the tunnel to see if any guards were around. There weren’t any. So Steve sighed in relief and looked back to his companion. Wings were missing, he was bloody and his hands were tied around one of these pipes.
"Nothing, nothing. I'm just surprised the bed can you keep you up is all. Let alone what else happens in this bedroom." Tony winked at him.
Steve only looked for a moment, not wanting to show his amazement in it. But he surely was faltering.
The now long-haired, full-bearded, scruffy-looking man looked to her with instant worry. ‘Cause like Sam, Steve didn’t expect her to be back so quickly.
The two sat down and began eating.
"I thought this was suppose to be a no 'gazing into each other's eyes' trip?" Tony joked.
Steve looked all around him, but it was pointless. Nothing but darkness shadowed him and this table.
"Steve, just say sex. I understand your still a little old fashioned but please." Even though Tony felt a chuckle coming from his joke, his face surely did not show it.
"No. It's a story that's meant to be interpreted for different situations. It's meant to evoke thought. Which isn't a bad thing to have for certain situations like this one." The super-soldier now leaned down.
Natasha looked to her ex-love and simply nodded in response.
"You and Tony can comfort each other. And sometimes... it's in ways that even I can't understand. That's why, I ignored my concerns, or really, discomfort with it." She stated, "He needed help. And I couldn't do anything about it. Yet, for weeks, he was suffering. And he wasn't telling me the truth.".
"I thought you'd never ask buddy."
The men just gave him expression of empathy, and pity. Steve took notice to this, and was immediately annoyed.
"Look, Fury I'm going to have to stop you right there." Tony began.
She nodded. "Different how?"
No this smile was meant for Tony. This simple, warming, and comforting smile. Something that use to give Tony butterflies and a funny feeling inside, but now, just left him cold and distant.
It had been so long since Tony recalled anything from that time. And truthfully, he was okay with it.
"And has he found anything?" Sam questioned.
"For what?"
“Do I have lettuce stuck in my teeth or something?” Tony quipped.
"Okay..." he grunted, "No touching the display, Tony.".
Here’s a link to the theme song, that I personally picked for the fan fiction: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=GB_S2qFh5lU
“But I do kick some ass, from time to time, when Tony needs it.” Happy continued.
So it was quite hilarious to see Steve flinch when Tony's first words to him were, "You going to share some of that sauce?".
Natasha's stomach did a second flip, as he said 'them'. As if he was speaking about creatures. Creatures that lie, and wreak havoc among those who seek to find life.
"I know, I know! I shouldn't still be thinking about it. But... Tony we never really talked about it either. It's been eating at me still, after all these years!".
sound good to you?"
Yet, most recently, he'd never admit it. Nor did he tell anyone. Not even the person. His most deepest, hated, yet cherished secret. His truest source of 'home' was... somebody. Somebody that was no longer here.
"Morning honey, you feel better today?" She jeered. Tony gave her a smug smile.
The super-soldier kept his gaze away. He then, sighed in defeat and looked at him, "To be honest Bruce, I have no idea! I'd like to say we're inseparable. But it feels
That name so innocent, and inviting. It made Nat stomach's gut be obliterated by it's purity. But the man suddenly smiled. It seemed that he was reliving some fond memories. It finally made the thick atmosphere disappear. And the air felt clean to breathe again.
This, amusingly, confused the brunette. Steve seemed different tonight. Letting Tony help him with his wardrobe. Was staring at him tonight. And then had the balls to ask him for a dance. It wasn't like Steve to be a little rash, or unguarded, with these type of situations.
The space between them began to slowly close. Steve’s breathing began to hitch. What were they doing?! But a sound from afar, separated them quickly.
"Tony, I just wanted to know
"Hey, Hey, Hey, it's okay. We are going to get you out, alright." She said calmly.
The trio took this time to quickly think of a plan. Cap was not ready to face everyone just yet. So they thought of a plan to keep him stalled for a little bit. And Tony was designated to be the alibi.
Once Steve was able to resuscitate her. He called a family meeting and set up the ground rules that the kids would have to follow. If they broke any of these rules, they would be given the three-strikes deal.
He mouthed the words, "Love You!". Cupping his hands to the sides of his mouth, to imitate the action of yelling.
He felt his hand tremble, as the photo fell from his hands and soaked into the water below. His eyes filled with some exhausting teardrops. He needed this, even if it was painful.
"Did you hear what I said?"
"Were you trying to ease your nerves about AIM?".
"Well, I just wanted to tell you anyway just in case you wondered why I'm being so picky." Steve took one hand off the wheel to graze his finger across the map, laying on Tony's lap.
"So Man... um... How long have you been a taxi driver?" He asked almost immediately. 'Awkward small talk never hurt anyone?'.
Obviously, Tony was still with Pepper and didn’t look like he was divorcing her any time soon. But Steve wasn’t going to let that stop him. Even if he couldn’t have Tony the way he wanted to have him. The man would still be a part of Steve’s life. And that’s enough for him.
And for the most part, it was fun. Each Avenger seemed to like the other more and more, as time went on. Most people believed that they were just working pals, that only came around when the world needed saving. But it was so much more than that. They were all good friends. But like a ‘boy band’ they dismantled, and haven’t spoken to each other. It really sent an ache to Tony’s already fragile heart.
Tony smirked in amusement and sat his hand on Steve’s shoulder in response. But unlike before, Steve didn’t slap it off. There little talk did seem to help.
"Sounds like a ghost ship." Kamala shared.
Kamala took this as a possible hint. She followed his gaze, but couldn't understand what he was looking at. It was just a bunch of Shield agents casually conversing with one another, along the sides of the war table. She took her gaze to the walkway.
His right hand was now running through his hair, while his left brushed over his body. His mind racing back and forth, like a broken videotape. The ghost-like feeling of Steve, over him, holding him... touching him.
Tony just gives him a brushing off motion. Thor really didn't want to pry, but I guess it's in his nature. "May, I ask what happened to your mother and father?"
The slower Steve went, the more Tony felt himself getting dazed and just losing any reality, than what was happening at that moment. For whatever reason, Steve was intentionally dragging this out. Even so much, that it almost became difficult for Tony to literally even breathe at times.
"Well, can you blame me?! You can't just ask a married man to have sex with him, and for him to be okay with it! I think the problem here Cap, is you make decisions so recklessly, that you don't know what consequences will come out of it! You also can't make up your fucking mind about what you want!" Tony protested before laughing with no joy, "I mean... look at you, The great Captain America. The people's choice for order and safety. Well, where the hell were you when they needed you! Wh-when I needed you!".
Steve just stayed quiet, feeling his fists finally release from their grip. After taking a slow breath, calming himself, he looked back up to Tony.
The woman across from him held her glee in, eagerly. But she definitely wasn't acting as if she was composed either.
"Oh god... Hello, Uh, Captain America, how are you feeling. You look... a bit tired." She giggles, while also trying to catch her breath. He gives her a warm smile. And hands her a pencil she had dropped.
Steve just waited and was considering to stop altogether. Each tear that filled in Tony's eyes, was a gut punch to himself. "Tony, I-I can't. Your hurting too much.".
"What makes you say that?" She asked.
Running into the living area, he found the older man on the sofa, laughing hysterically.
The world was forever changed. And the Avengers couldn’t do anything about it. And so, as time flew by they stayed separated. Never wanting to look back at the mess they caused.
And so, he packed a bag and snuck down, rather efficiently, to a nearby airship. Climbing aboard, he knew the controls rather well, but still was questioning a couple big levers. He sat his bag down near the pilot seat, and was about to close the back hatch.
"Oh really, am I that boring to be around?" Following Tony pulling on Steve's chain, the soldier looked to him unimpressed.
Nat looked at him unconvinced, yet with caring eyes. She waited to see if he would respond, but he didn't.
"Well since you were stuck in la la land over there. I thought, and now am, checking the place out." Tony stated, "Besides, what's a run through the past without a bit of exploration?".
He could feel Siberia come back to his mind, as it did the other night with Peter. Except now, he used the description of Steve in his mind, to the one he sees now, in apparently Scotland, England.
Walking down the hall, she once again expected to find her husband and Steve in a position. Or at least hear it. Again, it was silent. She gave another relieving sigh and took Morgan to her room. Pepper gave a kiss on Morgan's head, as she laid her to bed.
Steve took a step forward, but the other took a step back. Tony was utterly disgusted at the fact, that he was having to deal with this shit again. Except now, it's dealing with sex rather than a simple kiss.
She took a few shots toward the men, and missed horribly. Needless to say, deforestation is Black Widow with a Hydra weapon. The two hydra men almost laughed in response.
"Well careful not to throw your arm out of socket, old man." He smirked at the blonde.
It honestly felt weird to the super-soldier to be speaking of him in such a manner.  As if there wasn't this distance between them. And it felt kind of nice.
Steve looked to the embers in the fireplace, and instantly felt transported back to the night. The heat and intensity of it completely enveloping him. He looked to his right and could see themselves. All wrapped in ecstasy and pleasure. Tony's moans filling his ears with bliss as they did that night.
This was going to be it! The house that Steve can find his purpose in, again. The house that Steve can feel at home in. And maybe someday, the house that Steve can raise a family of his own in. But all of those hopes and desires were still to be determined.
Yet what she couldn’t wrap her head around was at the fact that, this affected Steve and Tony, in a more intimate way than usual. They fought constantly, so what was worse about this one disagreement?
"Isn't it obvious, Cap? You're my friend. And after losing you the last time I… I couldn’t deal with that again.”
“Jesus, we gotta quit doing that." Tony divulged.
He closed his eyes and took deep breaths. Maybe this was a dream? He was probably still in the hotel room, sleeping soundly. Natasha and Sam arguing on what to watch on the poor television they had. The Avengers still broken, with Tony still hating him for life.
Tony felt his heart fall down into his stomach, when Nat continued speaking.
She walked confidently into the next room, with the two following her swiftly. And of course, the living room didn't look any different from the foyer. Same blue to white color scheme, and hardwood floors. Yet, this time the room had a flat, seamless ceiling above to just give it more of that beautiful, bland-filled feeling.
"You're that daily," Ziggy remarked. She began to lean on one hip. Trying to indicate to Steve, that she was getting impatient.
"Just wish you could be here to meet him. You'd love him.".
"So what are you two doing here? Why aren't we meeting at the tower?" Steve pondered.
"I don't know-" he uttered, before being immediately cut off by Nat.
And yet, here was his response that sounded practiced, no meaning, and almost lost.
Mostly for him to know about the lead. They actually stumbled onto this lead, when Natasha and Sam were waltzing through the farmer's market and found a booth filled with just crates. Feeling suspicious, the duo sneaked a peek into one, that was surprisingly, open.
They had been a secret for these last few months. Well... since Steve returned. That it amazed the brunette for waiting this long. To Tony, it was one of the very few times he couldn't figure out what was going on.
hadn't known, that
Eventually, the two descended the stairs, arm in arm, and disappeared among the others. Kamala tried looking for them, but it was interrupted with a loud mechanical noise.
Walking down the corridor, Tony was once again battling his memory. He really tried to forget what happened. I mean, he didn't... really... want to forget that second kiss. It was beautiful, and a bit exhilarating at the same time. He hadn't touched that territory since his experimental times of college. But he knew, and the other knew, that it was mostly due to Tony's panic attack. That's all it was. And if he was going to survive this day, he was going to speak to Steve as if it never happened.
Driving down highway 95, Steve took a glance at Tony. Who, was methodically looking up more and more properties for Steve to look at. To the super-soldier's surprise, Tony had also created a list of homes for him. All along the east coast starting near New York, and going down, as far as Virginia. The first house they're heading for is an old, single-family home near Philadelphia.
Why did they lose? What caused the Avengers situation to become bleaker, or even, worse? How could they let the Mad Titan win?
Sam squeezed beside her, and he too looked dumbfounded at the container before him. There were only 3 of them. Barely any weapons, already bruised and battered from previous events, and that's pretty much it.
”Yeah, I know. But we’ll be fine. You’ll be fine. Now that you and Steve will break the internet.”
Steve smiled again, until it dropped, as he faced the bar and stared blankly.
Natasha really was in a shithole right now. But she had someone she could ask. She could ask, and if he declined, then... that's that! So instead of asking for help from anyone she didn't know personally. She was, gently, going to suggest to Tony, over the phone, for his guidance. Not immediately though.
Steve was placing small kisses on Tony's neck, as he just looked to the ceiling above. The ceilings were made of a metallic substance that gave them a reflective texture. Tony could see the entirety of Steve's backside. Viewing their entangled bodies as a work of art.
His arms were now losing their grip on Steve's back, until eventually falling back onto the sofa. Once Steve lifted his head, with the brunette finally opening his eyes to see him. ‘They did it, they actually did it.‘ He kissed Tony's forehead with a confirmation that it was the end.
“Oh sorry, did I do something?” Sam apologized.
Pepper began to approach him, asking him a few more questions. She tried to start off cautiously, but it too began to sound as if she was prying a bit. Tony noticed this, but didn't pay her much attention. Pepper was a bit concerned by this. She could tell he wasn't feeling like himself. So, it was time for her girlfriend comfort mode to kick in.
“Well, I wouldn’t go that far.” She teased.
Tony sighed in frustration and squatted to see Steve's face. He didn't say anything else. And to be honest, Tony didn't know what else to say.
As he reached the backside of the greenhouse, he sits the piece atop the cordwood masonry. Smiling pridefully at the mound of logs before him. Mainly of the thought of keeping his husband and kids warm this winter. Steve then headed over to the boathouse.
The brunet laid there frozen. All the words he wanted to say were becoming jumbled in his head. How could Tony have been so oblivious? And has Steve supposedly known all these years?
"Would you like to talk now? Or continue this staring contest. Because You and I both know... I can do this all day." Steve teased.
tell Tony, then he'd worry for his husband's mental state. All of this, while he headed inside to see what will happen.
The other now moved his hand to the back of Steve's neck. Deepening their kiss, which the blonde didn't seem to mind. When they separated, the two shared a loving glance, before Tony rolled to the other side. Steve scooting closer, to spoon him. His lips now giving small kisses to Tony's neck.
Tony proudly smiled. It seems their time together has been a rather good influence on the super-soldier. At least, in his eyes.
Steve smiled, and got up from his bed. Tony could now see that the Cap wore some boxers to sleep. "Thank God!" Tony sighed under his breath. Steve noticed it, yet he ignored it. He found Tony's flustering manner entertaining, as it may have to do with him being nearly nude.
Kamala walked up to the co-leaders and finally noticed that they were there. "Hey Steve, Tony." She announced.
After some more passionate kisses, Steve felt his foot slip from the couch cushion. His body nearly fell off into the floor, and almost taking Tony with him. "Oh sorry!" He uttered.
"Теперь ты не против сказать мне, чего хочет Гидра с этим оружием, ты укол!" She uttered in Russian knowing the guy didn't obviously speak English. It roughly translated to 'tell me why Hydra wants with those weapons, you prick'.
“I don’t follow.” Tony really didn’t. What was Steve saying, ‘feel comfortable again?’, ‘do something?’. It didn’t add up.
The trio would not tell them of their encounter in the taxi. Mostly because it was still too painful. But for Nat’s reasoning, she could see something different between Tony and Steve. They no longer seemed awkward around each other, more or so, calm and comfortable.
"Hydra infiltrated that factory, we took them down." She added.
The taxi driver however, suddenly wanted to address the elephant in the room. And he sure had some comments that he wanted to get off his chest. I guess awkward silence can cause most dead conversations to become more active.
His mother smugly smiled, and threw a piece of mashed potatoes at him.
"I was just down in the lab trying to get Tony to tell me why he was acting strange. Then he just kind of froze up on me, when I tried to comfort him." She said with more of a concerned look.
“Tony... I... know that you’ve been acting strange lately. Like stranger than your usual self.” Steve began.
“She loves England, Europe. But always was a fan of Scotland.” The soldier attested, “I mean she loved her country, but for some reason, she just... always loved it there. Which is weird, since the farthest she’s ever left the house, is to the ward.”.
"You know what, screw you both! I guess I'll move all by my lone self." Steve bantered back.
The shower was still roaring in the distance. Steve was in there, Tony could hear him. Probably trying to warm up. It finally dawning on the philanthropist, that it was freezing in the room.
"I know the feeling." He replied. Back at Shawarma's, the rubbing back incident. Tony did the gesture as if they were best friends. They obviously weren't. More leaning towards acquaintances, who had some very interesting arguments just a few hours earlier. But like Pepper and everyone else, who simply just brushed it off, as some coping mechanism to avoid the fact that he literally just almost died. Steve felt obligated to figure it out. 'No soldier left behind.' He thought.
Even after 6 years, that comforting embrace remained in Tony subconscious. And with it, the feelings associated with it were also brought back to life.
"Kamala, it's fine. I'm not mad." He brought his gaze back to her.
His mind was so determined to shut Steve Rogers out his life, that sometimes, he contradicted it. It’s been a year, and Tony still couldn’t get Steve out of his head. Even with his situation with Peter, and Pepper, and what was left of the ‘Avengers’.
Steve awoke at an ungodly hour, his heart pounding irregularly. Breathing heavily, and soaked in sweat, he began to observe his surroundings urgently. It was pointless to begin with, as any lights weren't present at all. Until the neon light of the motel sign had illuminated the room with a red glow. There, Steve could make out the room again. Any feelings of claustrophobia or confinement were blown away into the night.
“Okay then. How about this?” Steve proposed, “I’ll take the doll, and pretend to be mad about it, like I’m punishing you. I’ll hide it for the day. And by the end of it, I’ll sneak it back to you and I won’t ask you to share it again. I’ll just tell Tina to find another toy to play with.”.
Natasha ran over to her friend, and with the help of Sam picking up one of the weapons, were able to put down the rest of the agents.
Once the two men were back in Steve’s car. Tony felt different about his and Steve’s relationship. As acquaintances, as friends, as partners in a crime fighting league.
"Oh god, please don't make me do this all night, Steve." Kamala took her hand and placed it on the soldier's back, pushing it slightly, "Go ask Tony to dance!".
"You don't say!".
This sends the group up from the table, paying for their food (Well Tony did), and into the apocalypse. The team honestly were amazed at the level of destruction they were witnessing, even with the Chitauri gone, and Loki under surveillance. The town was utter obliterated. Cars, buses, vehicles of any kind were no longer on the roadways. Some were in shops, others were a few stories high in office buildings. And let's not forget the fires that raged through the town. It was literally hell on earth.
Y’all, we’re here. The last chapters are what you’ve guys been wanting for the last month and a half. And I hope your hearts are ready for all the raw feels!
Nat instantly lost her smile and crouched to her friend with eyes of compassion. She sat a hand on his forearm, hoping that her gesture would instantly get him out of his nostalgic torture.
..." Tony's voice was laced with some venom.
He continually stayed on the slow but steady pace that he was on. Whilst also moving his hand from the side cushion, to Tony's thighs.
Enjoy! ❤️👻
Tony Stark didn't want to admit it. But there it was, sitting in his mind, playing like a broken record. His most deepest, hated, yet cherished secret.
Of course, knowing them two, Tony's propelled hand would hit his drink, which in turn, spilled onto Steve's pants.
"Come on, Tony. Join the fight! Or are you too chicken?" He teased.
The Stark Tower. The once gleaming mirage of pride and success, of Stark Industries, now no longer loomed over the people of New York. The Avengers tower however, stood in its place. Now giving off a new comfort of stability and order, to the people of the world. It glistened in the night sky, next to other successful buildings, such as the Chrysler building, the Empire State Building, and the currently new One World Trade Center.
Steve found the young woman sitting alone, looking somberly and glumly, in the back of a narrow hallway. The carpet that she tapped her feet against was shaggy and was a bright, red, hue. He asked the staff of the facility if she was needing a place to stay. They confirmed his assumption and had informed him of her troubled past. The soldier then took a seat next to the sniffling woman. Her head was down, with her curly, elbow-length, hair covering her face.
That they would let the world fall beneath their feet, and barely speak a mere word to each other. Or that's what most people believed.
The two men were now a messy amalgamation of moans, grunts, and sweaty kisses. Tony just left his hands on Steve's shoulders, while the super-soldier had his forearm, bracing himself, on the cushion below them, and his other hand, on Tony's own.
And since Thanos, it would seem as if she was the only one living there. Even with the weekly call-ins to the remaining superheroes, mostly Rhodes, Captain Marvel, Rocket (One of the remaining 'Guardians'), Nebula, and Okoye. She still felt... so, so alone.
"Yes!" The two answered simultaneously.
"Nothing, nothing at all. We are just waiting for someone to hurry up." Happy alluded.
"Nah. Morgan was supposed to be with Pepper today, but she had something to do in town. So, she asked me to come and be with her before she gets back; another day for me, so. But I'm free tomorrow and the rest of this week." Tony stated.
"We keep this up, Cap, I'll have to kiss you again." Tony instantly regretted it as the sly comment fell off his lips. "I'm sorry. That was inappropriate.".
Besides making Tony feel flustered inside.
As Ziggy listened to Steve’s rant. She slowly lowered her guard down. Genuinely beginning to feel sympathy for the super-soldier. Steve didn’t say anything after that, merely looking off into space.
"You do know that I don't know how to dance right?"
Pepper turned around to the dining area, and noticed the food was already placed on the table. She smiled. Even though she was still worried about her husband, he was at least finding things to do.
The girls quit their complaining and looked at the soldier in defeat.
However, the pain coming from his rectum was sharp and truly apparent. He winced and quickly sat down, while chuckling in amusement. Tony immediately felt like a teen, who just had his first time.
Tony felt a little chill up his spine, on how Steve addressed that last part. To him, it seemed that there was a ton of remorse still left, but was closed off with a false face. Tony could see that Cap’s relationship with his mother, was eerily like his.
“Well, um, badass spy is the dream. Tony Stark’s designated driver is the reality.” He answered.
It was always fun to have these sorts of parties. As it gave the Avengers time to be normal human beings. And Tony's favorite of these events was getting to see everyone in their classy outfits. Natasha's dress, not surprisingly, was the most glamorous he's ever seen it.
“Oh! God no! They just slopped some pity kisses on each other one night. And then they acted like straight idiots for those following days. I swear if you could’ve seen how they looked at each other. You and the entire country would’ve thought they were fucking.” Wanda spat her drink back into the cup; not realizing that Natasha had already ordered their drinks.
"Mr. Stark, I've had my fair share of off days, and today took the top of the list. So if you don't mind, could you please just tell me why you're here?".
He smiled at the sleeping man, before placing his book back onto his nightstand and turning out the light. He was facing Tony when he finally fell asleep.
Tony patted Steve on his shoulder and the two went in his car, off to look for the house that Steve could finally feel settled in.
"He wants him and myself just to move on somewhere." Wanda addressed, "He is just so sick of having to hide me; So sick of hearing the gossip about us.".
But to Nat, Tony, and Steve. They knew the real answer. Tony and Steve would've gladly put their feelings of pride away to help the universe. They were just in the wrong place, at the wrong time. Steve in Scotland, and Tony in New York.
Steve groaned in annoyance, "Do you want to hear this or not, Tony?"
“You too Kid. Give Aunt May a kiss for me will ya?” Tony teased.
"Did you know that my sister was one of those who disappeared? She just vanished, into a thousand pieces." Ziggy cut in once more, "She was...
Steve stared into his eyes, looking for something. Leaving Tony dumbfounded. "Steve?!"
“Me, Bruce, Clint, and Natasha. Thor said he couldn’t make it. And we just thought you busy, and were too lazy to pick up the phone.” Steve stated.
Tony jumped a bit. He had forgotten that Clint was standing near him.
And just like that, the memory of his utter screw up, flooded his mind. He felt the guilt, and utter embarrassment run through his body.
Natasha Romanov, a spy to some, a deadly agent to others, a simple gal to two, and a good friend to one, Steve Rogers.
"But remember, I have to walk around a lot tomorrow. So don't have too much fun down there tonight. Kay."
"Shh! Stop. I can hear something." He stated. They all stood silent. Waiting to hear the faint cry. And there it was. A soft, haunting wail.
It truly made the accord situation more painful for Tony, and Vision could see it. Truthfully, he found it unreal at the fact that Steve let this happen at all. If he would've just stayed neutral, this could've gone so much more peacefully.
"Please. We can still stay out of sight." He began, "We just won't be near the man who started this in the first place.".
The other laughed out loud, his nose and eyes crinkling in amusement. As one of his hands covered his wide, cheerful smile.
"I think it would be a good time to get some rest." Steve said softly.
"Can I sit here?" Natasha asked, "Or do I have to consult your other-half?"
Steve grabbed it mid-air, and took a bite of it. It was salty, but seriously cold. He of course spit it out in utter disgust. Now Happy was the one dying from laughter. The soldier looked to the two men, and simply smiled once more. ‘This is nice.’ He thought. Eating said fry made Steve come to another question, that he honestly should’ve asked before sitting down.
Steve drove to Tony's lake house the next morning, arriving at exactly 8 a.m sharp. He knocked softly on the doorframe before waiting patiently. Glancing around, Steve couldn't help but notice how different the place seemed since the last time he was here. Different in not the decoration, but the feeling of the place.
He looked to the building in almost disgust. The memories of what happened there so long ago, made himself feel queasy. And who's face appeared in his mind, almost like a virus: Steve Rogers.
Steve Rogers had finally broken his silence. Completely fed up with this back and forth with Tony. He just stood panting and staring at the older man.
He stood up, sat the doll on the nearby rocking chair, and sped down both staircases. By the time he reached the back door, he stopped.
So Natasha knows, what will she do with the information? Find out how in the next chapter!
"Your not selfish Steve..." Bruce began, "Well kind of. But, you're not only being selfish in this scenario. You're being human, and you're going to screw up in life. You're going to take people down with you, in those instances, even when you don't want to. But it's okay. It's only when you learn from them, is when the true start of growth can begin.".
"Just figured. The place seems lonely and confining, which is perfect for someone like him." Tony crossed over into Steve's bedroom.
"Quit griping, we're almost back. I, at least, remember this part of town." Steve complained.
His face was dirty, with a serious beard covering his once chiseled chin. Hair now longer and slicked back, with the ends kind of sticking out. He really looked terrible.
Tony saw it in the newspaper, surprised at the idea that they're still making them, and thought it would be an interesting choice for the blonde.
When he finally caught up to her, in the main kitchen, the little girl was nowhere in sight. Steve suddenly heard a sniffle from in front of him, but the only thing there was the table. She was hiding beneath it, crying softly. So the blonde crawled underneath and sat next to her, albeit a little uncomfortable. His head crooked to one side.
"I promise that you being happy won't 'ruin' our friendship. And don't worry about me. I may joke a lot, but I do have Sam when I need him. Even if he is a pain in my ass. Just don't forget that I got your back always, man. I'm your best friend, punk. 'Till the end of the line, remember?” Bucky laid a hand on his shoulder. He then began to walk back into the house.
Tony just looked puzzled at him. He really didn't understand Steve's insisting behavior. But for some odd reason he suddenly felt a bit different. Again another odd situation.
Giving him a kiss on the cheek, she gave him a warm smile as her gaze moved from him to the outside world.
Kamala's thoughts tried their best to assure her overwhelming feelings. Mainly, for her constant self-doubt of not getting home to Abu. Even though they don't celebrate Christmas, their family still has a get-together of some sort. They'd eat, play games, goof around, and then head out to other Christmas gatherings for some social interaction.
"What is it then?" Tony asked persistently.
"Well since we are having a reunion tonight. We do need to keep our mouths shut about... Tony and his 'situation' with Pepper. Last thing we need is more drama with his love life." Nat persisted.
But before anything else was thought about Pepper, more of his past love-life started to come out. Tony's eyes fell upon, of all things, the Brooklyn Diner. Generally one of the last places he had a good experience with ‘him’.
Steve rolled his eyes, smiling once more, and glanced over the crowd. He then crossed his arms and now was looking directly at Tony.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Thank You." Were the final words that night.
Steve just chuckled softly at the couples continuous jabs at each other. They really were meant for each other.
"I didn't know that would be a crime? Did I get some lint on the fabric? What kind of handcuffs would you like me to be arrested in? Or better yet, what prison should I head to?" Tony guffawed.
(See the end of the chapter for
Don’t forget to leave a kudos!
"Move? Why do you want me to move, guys?" Steve defended calmly.
But that wasn't the case when he arrived at his apartment, opening the door, feeling groggy and defeated. A day's worth of searching for a new place to live. Looking around to the space in front of him, Steve felt a ping of nostalgia hit him. D.C. may have changed a little since the last time he was here but thankfully his apartment hadn't changed really at all. Since no one had rented it out to anyone, in his absence.
Steve glared at him momentarily before looking back to the road, giggling softly.
"Thanks, Nat."
Standing there quietly with his thoughts, Tony finally had a realization of his issue. More specifically, his actual feelings.
"The feeling is mutual, kid.".
Steve just chuckled at his comment. Even in their most vulnerable situation, he seems to find a way to throw some jokes out.
"I thought you went deaf for a second. I... I know, it will hurt. Plus your search would be futile, cause I haven't used 'lube' for sex in like three years. And a condom... really?! I thought you at least knew this much about me!" Tony relented, "But I trust you. I promise. Just... keep going. The pain is usually temporary.".
He held his hands onto his ears, as she stared disappointingly at him, with a glare of annoyance.
“Can you just do it! Please! I have something to tell you, that you’ll need to be here face to face with me.”.
A 5-floor building, with an abnormal shape to the structure. All in all, the entire building was around 100,000 sq ft. Windows were large enough for two cars to fit through. And hundreds of crates sat around the building.
Once Steve found a nearby motel, he awoke Tony after he'd already bought them a room. The motel he stopped at was decent in looks. Not too worn down, and at least when he entered their room it didn't wreak of piss or dead mice.
He stood back up and walked over to the door. A quivering voice soon followed.
Commander Hill considered holding off the annual Christmas party till tomorrow. At least until they'd arrive at Sub Station Zero, where it would be a lot more warmer than the old, creaky, Chimera.
But these flashes were now filled with Steve and Sam being tortured. Left hungry, and slowly dying from malnutrition and dehydration. But the worst part of it all, was when the flashes correlated to his vision. The vision that was given to him by Wanda.
“I am though. Look, Cap, I know we apparently keep having these moments. And always, when I’m in a relationship.” Tony took another sip of his ‘Rusty Nail’, “But I would like to ask you something. More or so, wanting to know... But Anyway... If, If, this ever escalated into anything... ‘more’. Would you be okay with that?”.
Steve just held his nose. All he could do was wave his hand at Tony. Signaling to him, to stop talking. The silence beginning to creep back.
"Yes, why?".
"Come on, man! You've been way too in your head lately if you think that way about us!" Sam griped.
"Okay then. So, can you guys make it?" Steve eventually asked.
The door flung open, and energy blasts smoked the room up. Some hydra agents fell to the floor, while the duo retreated to the next room. Unharmed, the two men took this chance to strategize their escape plan.
(See the end of the chapter for
Struggling to understand, she swiftly looked back to the super-soldier's face. Then, just like a lightbulb going off, she figured it out. Steve isn't too bad at being discreet.
Suddenly, a shouting voice came from the store. “Okay, let’s hurry this up, please?!” Sam urged.
“You know some people would say that she had an Aberdeen heart, with London eyes.”. Steve slightly showed some amusement afterward, but Tony was still trying to figure out Steve’s analogy.
The container itself, was around 500 ft in length, and was at least half the height of the structure surrounding them. The blasts of energy, along with the glass, only grew with aggravation. The energy seeming to act like an animal in a cage. Biting and breaking the barrier that it was being held in.
"Alright let's head out into the city to see if we can help by any means." Steve instructed, "Tony can you fly up and see if there's any crowds around here?".
'Come on, Girl! Get it together! You'll be there, on-time, and in-person. Your... just... worrying yourself...'.
He fumbled through his pocket and pulled out a set of keys. His hands shaking a little as he picked the main house key and unlocked the main door. Steve saw this and found it peculiar, but brushed it off to the freezing winds that were picking up as the day went.
They had sat there in silence for god knows how long. Until Tony finally had spoken. "Well... I guess you want to be alone, right now. And that's fine, you just need time to think. I'll just... head to bed."
Steve sat quietly. Here they were again, in an awkward situation. With Tony starting to lose it, and Steve having to figure his shit out.
"What do you mean?" Tony was a little worried at what his companion getting at.
“You don’t mind tasting this for me. I’ve been kinda doing some cooking stuff lately, and I’ve been using my family for taste testing.” He stated, “And since they're not here right now. You are my designated taster.”.
There were 3 people of interest, all standing together coincidentally: Bruce, Kate, and Tony. From what she could see, Bruce and Kate were in full conversation, while Tony just listened quietly from the side.
The dialing sound stopped, and she heard his voice. The flooding memories of Germany and the Accords followed soon. Which is why, she sounded rather quiet when she answered his 'hello' with a 'hi'.
But what most bewildered the philanthropist, is his father's serious infatuation with the super-soldier serum, and the science behind it. And, who the serum was tested upon.
Which was a disaster he'd rather not repeat. Recalling a time when he'd told her, earlier that summer, that she wasn't allowed to play outside after her behavior at school from the day before. She, of course, revolted and began to throw an unnecessary tantrum. Even going the lengths of saying a bad word. And not just any bad word,
Steve noticed this, and surprisingly, didn't get offensive or angry. He too laughed at their very odd situation. What are the odds of something like this happening, with these two guys once again.
"Seems I've been late for a lot of things now.".
The two were walking back up to the house, giggling softly. When they noticed a smirking Tony staring from the porch.
"Nah. I'll probably be here. Sitting in this exact chair. Hoping that with every sip I take. It is a possibility that I could actually get drunk." Steve didn't want his statement to come out desperate. But I mean who was he fooling.
With one last slow thrust, Steve felt himself release in a final ecstasy-filled yelp of sorts, with Tony following afterward, as a desirable-filled moan left his lips.
(See the end of the chapter for
He shook the paranoid thoughts away and settled back into his bed. The sound of Tony's soft breaths lulling him to sleep quickly.
The decrepit building sat empty, and dark among the others on this lot. Windows shattered, graffiti along the concrete wall, and weeds coming up through pieces of the sidewalk along the property. Even some ivy crept up the rusty, and very unsafe fire escape.
Walking past Fury and Thor, she first apologized for not being around to help. Yet Fury simply denied it, as it wasn't her fault. He then told her of Tony's behavior, and pointed to the science lab. She thanked him, and off she went. Walking up to the doorway, she could see him inside, utterly hypnotized by the scepter in front of him. Pepper knocked, he noticed, and let her in.
"I could be better. But I'm making the most of it. You?".
Steve had to give them that. He just never thought a couple of teenagers would be interested in petting horses. At least in these days. Today, teenagers worry more about going to parties or staying on their phones all day long.
“We’ve finally been able to locate them. It appears there around the banks of Scotland, England. And have been seen fighting off some foreign enemies. But would quickly retreat away. As for, Wanda and Vision. They have been a little bit harder to find, but we do know that they're close to them.” Happy informed.
"Oh, I'm sorry, Tony! I didn't mean to leave you hanging like that." Steve apologized.
Everyone else who came to his funeral stood idly by, or simply left after the ceremony. Any of the remaining Avengers were getting ready for 'Put back the stones' mission. Which pretty much consisted of Bruce, Bucky, and Sam.
"That's fine, it'll be okay. A little friction won't hurt anyone. Come on, it's okay." Tony acknowledged. He knew Steve was right, but he was trusting him. Trusting Him to be gentle. And to at least find a comfortable rhythm quickly.
"Yeah, I do too. I could see losing Pepper really took a toll on him." He addressed.
"I think it started, after I tried to call her... when I was, you know... flying to the edge of glory. And she didn't answer. It made me feel alone. I knew that I was going to... die, without the comfort of anyone," Tony began to choke up.
Nat smiled while rolling her eyes. “Is Steve here? I have some news that he’ll want to hear.”
Being mobbed with cameras, the paparazzi constantly asking for your private life. Oh, how he hated it all. People putting him on this pedestal as if he was God himself. That one makes the super-soldier scoff out loud.
"Hey. Are you ok?" He asked, with a raised eyebrow.
He threw on a simple sweater and some sweat pants. 'Me in sweat pants, what had the world come to?' Tony thought. He headed down to the living room, rather swiftly. The sun lighting up most of the house for Tony to try and do a simple look through.
“It is one of our best ventures.” Steve joked.
So then why did he seem so nervous when he awoke? It seemed so strong and almost exhausting.
She eventually made Steve's plate, and sat it in front of him. A slice of meat, a hint of mashed potatoes, and of course, a huge amount of peas. To most kids, this would seem like a small portion. But to Steve, it was all he needed, all he wanted. Just as long as he had food in front of him, he was grateful.
"I... wanted to... ask you something." Vision had a weird crease in his face. Even with the red tints, Wanda could make them out.
"Hey! Hey! Stop!" Tony grabbed Steve's hand and held them between themselves.
"Should I be worried, that you're still calling me "buddy"? You know... since we've already kissed and... made love." Steve's face cringed at how childish he sounded.
“WW3 was with Steve and Tony-But you get my point!”
"Yeah, I knew you were going to. But I wanted to get
And neighbors were at least 500 ft away, in all directions, besides the river of course. Nonetheless, it was just the right amount of space and peacefulness for a family of four to settle down in.
{Somewhere in Inverclyde}
"Cool. Thank you. Um... if you find her, try to keep last night's events quiet for now. I know she said yes, but knowing her, she could've been lying." He recommended. Almost wincing at the lying part. If she was lying, Tony didn't know what he was going to do.
The winged-soldier took one of Steve's arm and swung it around himself, and carried the super-soldier through the darkened building.
"Relax, I haven't said anything, to her. I've been a good girl." She said with a witty smile.
The head of the phone rested back onto the keypad. ‘Too early.’ He thought, ‘Maybe another time.’.
The wooden floor, however, was dusty and filled with some trash, most likely blown in from the elements. But that didn't bother Steve at all, it would be an easy day of cleaning.
Steve never did get an answer as to why, as he was more than ready to try, but he never pressed it. He was willing to wait for Tony as long as he had to. The same reason he was willing to wait to tell everyone. They had plans to eventually tell everyone soon. Steve just didn’t realize it was this soon.
Tick-Tock, Tick-Tock, Tick-Tock,
"Those 5 years. I-I abandoned you! I abandoned you all. I didn't prepare you guys to live without me?!" Steve shuddered.
This made Steve chuckle. He then walked through the doorframe and up to the older man.
Stay safe, and Well! ✌️🏻❤️
Anyway, I want to thank you all who’ve left kudos’s and commented down below! Your boi is far from leaving you guys hanging. I’ll try and add some more content later.
"Yes."
There, He could see what looked like a person, standing idly in the kitchen. It was a guy. But, wait how? Most of the men had already left.
"Tony jus-" Pepper stated before being interrupted.
He thought annoyingly.
"Tony, we may not know each other, that much. But I can tell when someone is spiraling. And forgive me for cursing, but your damn near there! So I'm going to need you to swallow your pride, and tell me what the hell is wrong with you?" He insisted. His tone wasn't necessarily demanding, just quite concerned.
He then moved onto Sam. His shirt and pants looked tattered and dirty. Wings still attached to his torso as if they were part of him, as the arc reactor was to Tony. In this photo, Sam was wearing a cap, covered the backside of his wings with a backpack. What was in the backpack, Tony will never really know.
Even though the battle at Wakanda. She had the horrible feeling that their efforts would be futile. And horrifyingly, she was right. Natasha remembers in excruciatingly painful detail, the aftermath of that day.
He looked to the machine with hope. He would go back and put the stones back to their original spots. But was that all he could do? He thought about this a lot since the funeral ended.
"We did... we... Kis-Kissed, and it... was..." Tony stuttered, "It was..." He pondered off. His mind was a complete mess right now. He couldn't make words turn into sentences. He couldn't make letters into words. Tony just looked to the floor, and held his hands behind his back.
The blonde got out, gathered up his wet clothes, threw them in the hamper, and laid down on his mattress. Sleep was overrated for someone like him. But the minute his head rested against the pillow, his entire body just melted into the sheets.
Steve cleared his throat and continued their conversation from before. "So am I getting an answer?".
"Oh please, don’t do that Tony. Come on." Steve laughed. He didn't want to sound so amused, but Tony's interview voice was getting to him.
Steve agreed, and the brunette went to go look upstairs, while also clearly waddling like a penguin. He surprisingly didn't feel too embarrassed about it. Well, at least not with Pepper around.
The others nodded their heads in agreement. Steve smiling like a spoiled brat who got their way.
"Come on. You can do this. We’ve needed to do this since Siberia. He needs to know, that I want to help him." He somehow assured himself.
The footsteps, however, didn't sound as if they were coming toward him. They sounded as if there were leaving him. This means that creature was most likely standing behind him the entire time. The footsteps stop. There is a sound that follows. It is that of a creaking door, opening. Steve tried his best to search for the sound, but he nearly knocks the chair over. And then succeeded.
Steve winced at her words. She was right. She was so right! "I know. And I'm sorry. I know that doesn't mean much, it's just words. An-And-words, can't change the fact that I had sex with your husband. That I completely took advantage of your statement for my own selfish desire. And I'm sorry, Pepper.".
"Hey, I just remembered that... I... didn't... e-at?! Yea, I didn't eat. Um, Steve would you like to chill with me, while they go ahead?" Tony perplexed.
“Yes, but I remember Ullapool. From my war days. If that’s where they are sending the weapons, then it should be a piece of cake. Considering the fact that at least know the place.”.
The creature, then suddenly rushed over to Steve within a second. Making the soldier jump out of his skin. Its disgusting ooze began to drop into Steve's face. He began to gag at the smell of it.
