"Nest egg is completely not the right word," Steve said. "The Army finally calculated my back pay, from when I was frozen in the ice." Tony raised his eyebrow, awaiting the answer, and Steve fidgeted a little. "Just a little over five," he mumbled the last word and it got lost. Tony poked him again. "Million."
Steve nodded, pressing a finger to his ear put the ear piece into sleep mode. His eyes ticked up suddenly when he noticed that there was a sliver of light coming from the hallway, past the door. That had been closed just a few seconds ago. He straightened, his whole body on alert, only to be slammed back against the wall, a metal hand at his neck.
"I believe that I have found a weakness in the circuits." An image zoomed in the side of the HUD and Tony flew back up into the air to avoid a spray of bullets.
Children: None
“They are going to kill me.” Bucky smirked, despite his words. “Okay, so mission accomplished, you’ve endeared yourself to me. That doesn’t mean that I’m wrapped around your little finger.” He pointed at her with his metal arm, and she reached out to grab it. “Okay, figuratively, not literally.”
"This is a nice party, Tony." Tony turned his head when Mary's dad, William, walked over to him. Both grandparents would be staying through the weekend to give Peter a birthday spree. Mary and Coulson would have the run of most of the Tower to themselves while Tony, Steve, Peter, Wade, William, and Rachel would stay at the Manor until Sunday night.
"Peter is trapped with Wade because of the snow here, which he was spending the rest of Winter Break over there anyway, and Mary and Coulson are still on their own mission, and her parents are the only smart ones, still in California riding out the snow storm in warm weather."
"Oooooh," Peter said, making his mouth big as he drew the word out. "Like Mama and Phil. They dated, then fell in love, then they got married." Tony already saw where this thought process was going. "And then I got another parent." Apparently Steve had caught on, because Tony felt Steve drop his forehead against Tony's shoulder, shaking slightly with silent laughter.
"-a hero, and I'm so proud of him." There was a man talking to a news reporter who was back in her office. It was a satellite interview in New York, but set away from most of the destruction. There were still cleanup crews in the background, volunteers walking around, checking on people who were outside of apartment buildings. Tony glanced at the name of the man, knowing he was very familiar, and his jaw dropped.
Tony dared a look back at the man next to him, trying not to smile at the bewildered look on the mans face. "My son, he's turning two tomorrow, and I'll never be able to make it to the store to get his gift without being seen."
“So, walking and talking sooner than we think?” Tony asked and Bruce nodded.
"Did you whine about homework?" Steve asked, looking over at his boyfriend.
"Where's the best spot for fireworks this year, Tony?" Mary asked as she finished off the last of her water before the glass was taken to be washed.
Tony turned slowly, and then there were hands helping him sit up. "Are you okay?" Meg asked quietly, trying not to draw the attention of the two still fighting. "Shit, your nose." She pressed a cloth into his hand and let him bring it up to his face. His chest was on fire, and he glanced down to see that the arc reactor was still glowing under his shirt, just missing the hit.
“You think I’d let me kids travel without protection?” Tony kicked the man’s knee, and he stumbled, but didn’t let go of Tony.
Tony snorted a little. "No, I think I started training when I was five." Steve's eyebrows shot up in surprise. "I've been kidnapped sixteen times since I was four years old. Dear old Dad didn't want to keep getting ransoms, so he hired a private trainer for me."
“Shush, dear, we’re psychoanalyzing you to compare you to a fictional character.” Tony reached over to pat his head, and Steve rolled his eyes. “Are we sticking to classic Disney? Just Princes, or Heroes as well?”
“They wanted Jamie and me,” Tony told him. “That’s why they distracted you with that fight.” Steve frowned, reaching up, fingers hovering over the bandage on the side of Tony’s head. “We’re all focused on looking for the rest of Hydra, and they make their move to try and round up the research on cloning, and the serum.”
Tony's eyes were a little wide, his mouth hanging open slightly, shocked at the words that were aimed for him. Steve moved from the front of the punching bag, standing in front of Tony and putting his hands on Tony's shoulders. "You are an amazing man, and I'm sorry that I may have indirectly lead you to buy into the thoughts that you aren't."
"But she's okay with you corrupting Captain America," Steve said, rolling his eyes a little. "According to the Smithsonian I'm a symbol of courage, honor, bra-"
"Go ahead and let him in." Tony swiped away the camera. "Go ahead and let him know where I am, maybe he can help me."
“Took you long enough to get here, Hawkeye,” Tony mumbled as he grabbed Barton’s hand to pull him up. He swallowed deeply, ignoring the stirring in his stomach. Black Widow landed back on the ground, the second AIM agent falling behind her. “I need you two to get the kids out of here. I assume you both didn’t run here.” Barton jerked a thumb back at a black SHIELD truck not too far away. “Perfect, get them back to the Tower.”
"From what I remember, that's pretty fast." There was a sound, like the phone being fumbled, and Tony glanced up from his work. There was the beep of a few buttons being pressed, then the familiar burble from Peter.
"I'm convinced that you're actually a villain." She sat up on the couch a bit, putting the fruit plate to the side.
"Yeah, there's a lot of things Fury doesn't tell you." Stark responded without a thought.
"A lot of them had cameras," Wade piped up. "And I thought I saw some with microphones, like those people form the news!"
Steve looked at the sketchpad, his pencil dragging easy lines across the paper, then he smiled when he looked back up. He was sitting at the end of the bed, Tony laying across the bed, face relaxed in sleep, on his side with one arm under his head, the other splayed out on the bed. Steve’s eyes went back down to the paper, sketching Tony, focusing on the peaceful look on his face.
"Just moved onto days as a security guard," the man told him. "Don't expect I'll be going back there anytime soon though. The building was damaged in the attack, just like our apartment." Tony watched the man run a hand over the head of the younger girl as she turned in her sleep. "People will do anything for their kids, Mr Stark."
Three months passed, and then, there was a flurry of activity. Jarvis had the robots moving again, people were coming over to restock the kitchen, to clean the mansion. Pepper came over with Happy, a smile on her face.
“Young Lady Jamie is with Sergeant Barnes, Sir,” the AI replied dutifully. “Shall I take you to there?”
“Yes dear?” He watched Cap roll his eyes a little, the cowl that was up let him see that clear as day.
“Did you take this one too?”
"You got a family to look after, now," Bucky said to him. "You can't go ignoring them."
"Tony," Steve breathed out, wrapping his arms around Tony. Before he could hug him too tightly, Tony angled his chest away. When Steve started to frown, the genius motioned downwards with his head. Steve's eyes widened when he realized what he was looking at.
Steve shook his head, holding her a little closer. "I don't think it'd be right, giving her up." Tony tilted his head a little, and something just clicked. The look that Steve had, that was the look that he had captured from Tony in some of his drawings with Peter. He let out a breath and slumped back into his seat a bit more. No wonder Steve liked to draw him when he was with Peter all the time, that look was enough to knock Tony off his feet.
“Daddy!” Peter called from the SUV and Tony was nearly running, trying not to stumble, for the door. Widow steadied him with a hand to his shoulder briefly before Tony was leaning inside the car. Peter had his arms wrapped around Jamie as he held her close, Wade in front of them with his arms up, hands clenched into fists.
One of Tony’s legs was up and around Steve’s waist, and the blonde was smiling. “I’m serious, need more of you.”
"Well, that's what a serial killer would say to get me off my guard." She picked a booth for them to sit at, putting one of the menus in front of him.
"I'll say that I'm glad that Wade's moving in at the same time." Steve raised a questioning eyebrow. "He's almost eight now, but acts like a twelve-year-old, and now introducing a new baby in the mix? I don't know." He shrugged. "I can't predict this one. I was an only child, and I didn't have parents that paid the right attention to me." Tony felt Steve's foot nudging his and he smiled a little. "He's had shared attention from Mary and I, and he took it really well when Mary got married, and when we got together."
"Then you showed up on Valentine's Day two years ago, with cupcakes and chimichangas." Tony smiled softly, remembering the disaster those first cupcakes had been. Until Steve came and saved the day. "I couldn't help but think to myself, 'This can't be Tony Stark. Stark would never be caught cooking to help anyone, much less some kid, give back a present.' And the food was pretty decent. The cupcakes were delicious."
"I had three, Three, vans from the post office here to deliver all the stuff." While she sounded frustrated, she didn't sound mad. "I live in what is generously called a two bedroom house, the size of a postage stamp. My laundry room, second bedroom slash storage room, and most of my kitchen is full of boxes and bags."
Tony hadn't been expecting everyone to leave as soon as Thor and Loki did though. Clint and Natasha had to get back to SHIELD, already spending way too long away. Bruce said he would stay, but Tony had been expecting that. What had really caught Tony by surprise was when Clint and Natasha had shown up with Steve's old motorcycle, he knew that Steve wasn't going to stay. The old bike offered him a chance to get out and experience more, that wasn't part of a mission.
"We'll be talking later," she told him quietly. "Go with him, help him out and we'll get what he'll need for the night." She pat his cheek and pulled away. "You'll have to go out tomorrow to get more stuff, preferably in the morning before Peter gets back."
"What does that mean?" Steve glanced over at Tony.
“We’ve obviously come to speak about everything that has transgressed, and what shall still continue to happen,” Loki spook up this time, knowing the chaos that would erupt in the room. Clint and Natasha were instantly reaching for their own hidden weapons, pointing them at the seated man, Rhodey was in a fighting stance, Bruce taking a step back as Bucky stepped forward to stand next to Steve. Steve, Tony, and Strange were the only one to not react in any way.
“I promise to give you a much more memorable shower later this week.” Tony smirked, leaning against the doorway between the bathroom and bedroom. Steve sauntered over, deliberately slow, black jeans hanging on his hips and shirtless. “I think you’re good like this,” Tony said, making a show of ogling his body. “You’re even barefoot, that should be illegal how good you look barefoot.” Steve rolled his eyes, smiling at him. “Yeah, you can go to dinner with us looking just like this.”
Tony's fingers tapped against the arc reactor and he stared off to the side for a second. "If you're watching this, and I'm not somewhere still around, then, I'm sorry." He looked back over at the screen, and he tried to ignore that his eyes looked a little shinier. "I'm sorry if it was the palladium, sorry that I didn't ask for help sooner, sorry that I didn't tell someone sooner. I'm sorry if I put myself in front of danger, again, but I have a weird sense of, well, no self-preservation that's still hard to push past. I just want to make things perfect for you, for you to not inherit my enemies, to be safe even if I'm not around. But, if you're watching this, and I'm around, probably down in the workshop, depending on how old your are, I give you full permission to go find me, and smack me. Cause seriously, I should have told someone for all the times I was dying, especially right now."
“Stop listening to the tabloids!” Tony shouted. “I’m not ruining anything! Steve Rogers was a menace all on his own, long before he became Captain America. I’m not taking the credit for that train wreck.”
"Well, not yet," she admitted a little sheepishly. "I just found out yesterday and got the boxes today. I wanted to get out there before a new school year started."
"You have a lot to fill me in on," Mary said softly. Bruce handed her a cup of water with a straw, letting her take small sips to wet her mouth and throat.
"Now I really like her if she can pull that reaction from you," Mary said with a smile. Steve just let out a soft groan before closing his sketchbook.
Both Tony and Steve jumped when Tony accidentally dropped the punching bag. "Tony?" Steve asked, panting through his workout.
Peter and Wade had stayed back at the mansion with Coulson, so less of a chance of Peter appearing in the papers when people finally realized who was walking into the park, and what was happening.
"Just, need your help," Tony said, taking her hand, trying to pull himself up. Mary quickly adjusted her position and helped him up, a hand staying on his shoulder when he wobbled a little. "Over on my desk, there's a wooden box." Mary helped him over, sliding him into the chair and pulling over the wooden box. She opened it as Tony reached underneath his t-shirt, with unsteady hands, and slowly unlocked the arc reactor from its casing.
Tony stole a glance at his watch. They still needed to buy some time, and at this rate they were going to be ready to go in less than two minutes. Tony looked at Steve, then walked over to Thor and Loki, feeling Steve's blue eyes on him. "Thor, do you mind if I take a look at that? I can't stop the curiosity in me." Thor nodded, handing over the gag, before helping Loki stand. It was eerie that he was so silent now.
"She's fine, she's with five agents." Five agents? "They're about to arrest Obidiah." Oh no, Coulson, and-
Tony got up, adjusting Peter in his arms and headed to the other side of the room, Coulson falling into step just behind him. He stepped down a hall and stopped at the third door in the hall, Jarvis opening the door automatically for him. Tony turned Peter a little as the lights came up, showing Peter a fully stocked Art Room. Peter's eyes widened and Tony put him down, the little boy instantly running inside.
"What about you?" Mary asked. "You're a much better Handler than I am."
"Grab his stuff, go the lower garage entrance. Give Jarvis, override code Alpha-Zero-Four. Take it all to my workshop." He didn't wait for a reply before he running back for the fire escape. Bucky would take care of that stuff, he needed to get back to the Tower. The sounds of sirens hit his ears as he ran back across the street.
Mary laughed at his enthusiasm. "Why don't you go on inside and wash up, and change out of your play clothes. When you come back out, I'll have a bowl all ready for you, okay?" Peter was already off, running back to their apartment before Mary was even done talking.
"Ah, so they attacked you," Tony said with amusement from the entryway of the living room. Steve turned to look at him, seeing him in board shorts and a blank tank-top. He threw a bundle of clothes at Steve, and he caught them on reflex. "There's a changing room inside the pool room, I'm pretty sure those trunks should fit you. Come on, Soldier, before they come back and attack you with pool noodles."
The whir of Dummy's arm brought his attention, the arc reactor there, in his grasp. Dummy sounded so hopeful. Tony was going to upgrade the shit of this stupid little robot after this. "Good boy." He used the momentum of his arm and smashed the glass of the casing, freeing the arc reactor. He'd have to make do with this model until he could get the other one back from Stane, or make another one. But first he had to get Peter.
“So next time, we bring someone else?” Steve asked, and Tony could hear that he was following behind him. “False pretenses of enjoying some time off, then we foist the kids on them?”
'Close enough,' Tony thought. "Well, this big building has a lot of the stuff from the past in there. And we go to see it, cause it's cool stuff, and we can always learn from the past." Peter looked up at his Dad, wondering if this was going to be boring, but Daddy had never let him down before. "There's a new exhibit there, and I think that you're going to love it."
“I am comparing to the research on file now, Sir.” Tony nodded and flew back up.
“I told you that this would be a whole new experience,” Tony said, turning a little so he could look at Steve. “The press was nothing like what you had to deal with back in the War. I’ll try to protect you.” Steve snorted softly and pressed a kiss to the side of his mouth. “You’re handling it with a lot of patience, that’s for sure. Super proud of you, Soldier.”
"Yes, Sir, but I think you would rather not have to dig it out of the snow." Tony blinked and glanced up when the possibility was presented with him. Then his mind put the words together.
"Then my wait will not be long," Loki said, seeming to actually relax a little and Tony frowned.
Wade looked over at him, then up at his mom. "Is that allowed?"
The little girl looked around surprised, eyes big, and Steve leaned in to kiss her head. "Papa's gotta go somewhere, I'll be back!" He called out, running for the already open elevator as he spoke. He thought about grabbing his shield, but he didn't want to waste anymore time. It wasn't the first time he had fought without his shield, and it probably wouldn't be the last.
Tony hummed, nodded a little. One of the downsides to trying to keep Mary and Peter from the public eye, was that he couldn't actually make their own traditions on holidays. He knew that Mary would never do it on purpose, would never keep him from spending time with Peter on the big days of the year, but he would always have to take the backseat to celebrations. Tony didn't take it personally, it was something he had learned to deal with from a young age, most of his best memories were of holidays spent with his butler Jarvis.
"Exercise is good! Specially for pregnant women," Tony crowed, taking a look around her hotel room, heading over to the windows. Jarvis hadn't detected anything through the night, but Tony wasn't taking any chances. They could still be being watched.
"We'll keep looking for other leads," Clint spoke up again. "That never stops. Like you said, they're unorganized, so we just find another one of their slip-ups and go from there."
"I've never told you my middle name." He didn't know why, but it was sometimes fun to get Meg all riled up.
Tony curled his body up and twisted, trying to roll away. His body thumped when he fell off of something and he whimpered as he jostled his hands. He forced his eyes open and saw the inside of his bedroom, the couch in the open space beyond the bed, the soft glow of a small fire from the fireplace, and then blue of their current sheets. Feet were slowly slipping down onto the floor of the bed, and he curled his body up a little before knees were sliding to the ground and Steve’s face came into view. This time, his eyes looked as troubled, and wild, as Tony felt. Steve’s hand hovered out towards Tony, but didn’t touch, and there was a fine tremor running through them.
"Running out of time?" Bruce parroted back, but there was a little bit of concern in his voice. "What's going on?"
"You planning to step on us?" Fury was talking calmly, like he was just negotiating something, not dealing with another Alien.
"Well, you've discovered my secret," Tony said, nodding like it all made sense. He let out a little sigh, letting a warm smile curve on his lips. "That's my kid, and he's sharp as a whip, let me tell you. He's already in third grade, going for my record, but he doesn't want to skip anymore grades. He's got good friends, and would you believe it, he's well-behaved. Does his chores and everything."
"I'm sorry," Tony said quietly. Here he was, running away, from Mary, from Peter. Rachel had her right to berate Tony, he wouldn't be surprised if they demanded to take Mary back to California, and Peter with them.
"There's no question that I will be able to compensate you with a near limitless source of wealth, correct?" She had to nod at that. "Alright, so I'll commission you, you get some sketches together, and I'll show you what I'm thinking for payment." And then his eyes were back to the phone, thoughts moving a mile a second. "Have to get Pepper to draw up the contract, she's much better at the wording than I am. Or at least tell her what I want and she'll draft it with legal, then I'll probably have to give her a raise after this, too."
Tony fell hard, twisting, with the suitcase, and gasped as his chest, and arc reactor, landed on top of the suitcase. Tony's vision swam a little, but he didn't have time to be reminded that he was a mortal, he needed to get into the suit.
Tony was sitting on the couch now, running his hands through his hair. "But, this man wasn't discharged by Wilson?" Steve asked, pacing behind Tony. He was pacing in front of him, then Tony had growled because he was setting him on edge. Bucky was holding on to Jamie, out in front of him, letting her legs dangle, both of them staring at each other. "Wilson was his CO, though."
Tony sighed a little and put the razor down and picked up his phone. Tony couldn't let this go on without retaliation.
Tony's hands came up, fingers curling around Steve's head, cupping his temples, sliding into his hair, and he tried to pull Steve closer. The clothes were too much for Tony, too much moving, rubbing, feeling. His hands moved again, pushing against Steve's shirt first. He gave a higher pitched noise of pleasure when his hands were reward with the defined shape of a bare chest. They had to break the kiss, but Tony could forgive it this one time as not only Steve's shirt came off, but Steve had pulled Tony's shirt off as well.
THERE'S AN UPDATE!
"Something's up in DC," Steve said with a frown, which caused Tony to frown. "We're getting rail-roaded with benign missions from the WSC. What have you been able to figure out?"
"We're co-parents," Mary shrugged a little, like everything she did was no great trial. Dealing with Tony Stark was always a trial. "We have to present a united front to raise our little boy. Not only do we look out for Peter, but we look out for each other."
“He’s ten years old,” Tony nearly whispered. “It’s bad enough that his dad had to be the face of abuse when he was a kid, but, to have to go through that.” He shook his head a little. “It’s going to stick with him, forever.”
"I'm glad you're here," he murmured.
"Left you a present downstairs as well," Coulson told him as Tony started to walk off.
"Thanks, I think I'm good for tonight, though." Steve took a drink form the mug and made a soft moan that Tony thought was not family friendly, after-hours only. "This is better than I remember it."
"I wasn't asking you." Barton reached out with his other hand, grabbing her arm and used his forward momentum to slide her backwards, sliding his foot behind hers to force her down to the ground. The other Agent with them moved Loki and Dr Selvig forward, towards the trucks. Flipping from her back to her hands, Mary jumped up, then shouted when Barton let off a single shot, a bullet slicing through her calf.
“I’m giving phones to the boys now,” Tony said under his breath. Steve moved to get up and Tony watched him. “What are you going to do?”
Mary and Peter had come over earlier, Peter wanted to make breakfast for Steve, and they spent the morning and some of the afternoon celebrating Steve's birthday. Steve smiled thinking about it; Peter had been so excited, because he got to spend the day with both Steve and his Daddy today. Steve was happy that Tony was finally going to be able to see Peter after a long wait. Maybe now Tony wouldn't be sitting at the playground all the time, and could pick Peter up from school.
“You can’t take them to China, and you can’t build another Tower,” Mary countered and Tony pouted.
"Fuck," Steve breathed out, falling back a little to lean against the front of the desk. He glanced at the map on the desk, and saw that it spanned hundreds of miles. "He became obsessed," he said quietly, putting the rest of the pieces together. "He had worked closely with Erskine, so of course he couldn't just let everything, disappear."
"I happen to know that they have an excellent cancer center at the hospital, and they'll give you any treatment that you need." And if he happened to know a few people on the Board of the hospital, well that never hurt as well. "You're sick, I can hear it," his voice softened. "Wade can stay here with us as long you need, and when you get checked in, I'll bring him over to visit you."
The ride wasn't too long, opening up on Mr Steve's floor, the lights appearing on the floor again for him. He followed them to the living room where he could hear the TV playing in the background
"Having the facts or not isn't going to change that they might still be in danger," Meg argued.
"I'm trying," Tony whispered to her, and Mary smiled softly at him.
Tony had stood up, and he walked over to shake Mary's parents hands, her mother still giving him the evil eyes as he did. "Pleasure to see you both again."
"You're not being selfish," she told him. "You're his
"And you don't?" There was Mr Steve. Peter was starting to feel better already.
"But, I hope that in the end, I'll have given you a way to seek the comfort you need to get through it." Tony frowned a little. "I want you to talk to me about the Battle, Tony." Tony froze in her arms, body tensing up, breathing stuttering. "I know you haven't talked to anyone about it, like I told you too."
"It feels different," Peter said after a few minutes, pulling Tony's shirt back down. "But, in a good way. It doesn't feel as, ummm," Peter's face crinkled as he tried to find the words to describe was he was feeling. "It doesn't feel as icky. I like this one." Tony nodded, smiling at him.
“Glaceon is Topaz, Leafeon is Emerald. Espeon will be Amethyst, Umbreon will be Jet, and Slyveon is Morganite.” Vee churred happily, gracefully leaping down to the table now.
"Come over here!" Peter ran over to the middle cases, waving for Steve to follow him. He noted that not all of the room was full, but there were spaces for specific items. Looking inside the first case he saw an old map of Germany, then saw his handwriting on the map. Other maps had Bucky's handwriting, and Dum-Dum's, even Gabe's. These were the maps that they had used in the war.
Tony was wrapping a few things on his computer when he heard Pepper's heels coming down the stairs. He had to go and get Peter from Mary's parents soon, and he really did not want to be late. Mary said that she had a late appointment and Peter wanted to spend the night again, and how could Tony say no when his son wanted to spend time with him.
Steve watched Tony for a second, Peter coming back out with his stuff. He longed to see Tony's eyes, and the rest of his face really. You can only put together so much of a person from just seeing their chin. The eyes held so much, expression and emotions, they betrayed what others wanted to put on for the rest of the world. And Steve didn't like that he didn't know this man. Maybe it was because Steve had grown rather attached to Peter in the past few months, and wanted to make sure that the little boy stayed happy, and safe.
“You’ve taken the only available bathroom! Whatever shall I do!” Tony lamented, rolling his eyes with a smile and turning to go into Peter’s room. He grabbed a change of clothes for the boy and dropped them by the door. “Alright, Stinky Pete, there’s some clothes out here for you. Don’t get all pruny!”
"I will indeed, if Sir does not find you himself." The doors opened and Steve stepped down the hallway to the Wilson's apartment, not needing to knock as Julie had left the door open. Steve would have thought it a security risk, but no one other than the Avengers or other private living area residents would have access to this floor.
"He's going to be living upstairs now?" Peter asked and Tony nodded. "In one of the other bedrooms?"
“As you wish.” Steve gave a little bow that Tony could see through the windows before climbing in behind the wheel. Tony snorted softly and leaned his head back.
"I feel like that's a question that I should be asking you. What are you doing?" Steve glanced at him.
"Come on," Steve said, putting a hand on Tony's back and steering him back towards the elevator. "Time for your meds, and you've been on your feet all day."
“Whoa, saving the world??” Peter looked between Steve and Sam. “You were on Avengers work in DC?”
“I will be shaving soon, by the way,” Steve told him, watching the numbers on the elevator. Tony gave him a pout. “It’ll be harder to maintain now that we’re back on active Avengers duty, and I don’t want it to start turning into a hobo beard, and also, with the beard it’ll be a dead giveaway the next time someone gets a picture of Captain America.”
"Couldn't agree more," Tony said, putting his helmet on. "I'll meet you all there, I'm gonna get a head start on those readings."
"I'm going with you," Steve said, cutting off Tony's rant. His eyes were bright, a fire lit behind them. "You're going to need help getting him out." Tony looked at him then nodded once. "I'll get Barton and Romanoff, they'll know how to find him, and the best way to transport him."
'He will find you. He does not forget.'
“Papa!” Peter snugged down into the space between Tony and Steve, hugging the blonde, careful of Jamie, even though she giggled. “Are you staying home?”
"I don't think I'm the one you should be telling this, too," Bruce said quietly. "My panic attacks tend to leave me turning green." Mary sighed and rubbed the spot between her nose, nodding. "When they come out, have Steve take him to his room. I need to get a treatment ready to try and stave off a bad case of pneumonia, or worse."
Steve shook his head a little and looked at Tony. "Well, it was nearly as bad as Fury made it out to be, he doesn't even have to be on oxygen." Tony flipped through a couple of pages. "The spear nicked one of the ventricles to the heart, but they emergency surgery to fix that, and they've kept him in a drug induced coma to make sure that it heals correctly." Tony took pictures of the pages, sending them to the doctors at the mansion. "I think he should be awake by the end of the week at most." Steve nodded, letting out a little smile. They needed a win in their column right now. They would deal with Fury later.
"What did you see?" Bruce asked as he set up the old model.
Steve shut the water off, and looked in the mirror as we wiped a spot clean of the steam. He hadn't gotten much sleep while they were searching for Tony, and he was wondering if Bucky was okay, but luckily it didn't show too much on his face. He towel dried his hair and thought about what he was going to do. Getting Tony back was top priority. He was forced to take a step back when it came to Bucky, but that still garnered a lot of his attention. Now though, now there was a child out there, an innocent life that he was stepping up to take care of. Thinking about having a family, and suddenly having one, well, it was a little frightening, but not nearly as scary as he thought. At least not if Tony was there by his side.
“You’re the fun Uncle,” Steve said as he looked at Jamie, dropping a kiss on the top of her head. “Of course she’s not going to go to sleep when you want her too, if she’s not tired enough.” Her little face scrunched up adorably, and she let out a big yawn. Jamie looked betrayed at the yawn. “Oh baby girl, you are so tired. If you go to sleep, you get to eat with Daddy and me. Keep a close eye, Buck.” Steve turned on his foot, still bouncing her, but started to sway gently, slowly walking around the room. A hand was on her back, rubbing circles, cradling her against his shoulder. “There are certain steps, if you take them just right, she’ll slip right off into sleep. I’m taking advantage of it now, before the pattern changes.”
"Right," Steve turned, eyes following Tony back up the stairs. "I caught his act in Stuttgart."
“You came here uninvited,” Rhodey looked over at Dr Strange as he tried to cut in again. “I think that it’s plenty obvious that this is not a good time.”
“Well, didn’t do any good,” the boy muttered. “She never got out of the car, but when it stopped, there were a bunch of men with guns, and Dad was with them.” Julie’s arms tightened ever so slightly around him. “Told me that he had people watching you, and that he was going to take you next.” He sniffed a little, arm reaching up to wipe away the tears there. “They took me into a house, then down into a basement, and locked me in a room. I was alone for a while, but I could hear a lot of talking and moving upstairs. Couldn’t understand any of it though. Then he came back down,” Wade trailed off, hand probably subconsciously rubbing at the cut above his eyebrow. Julie’s head leaned in, kissing the top of his hand.
Steve nodded. "Yeah. He seemed to have no interest with Peter, just Tony, and Mary and Coulson are back and have Peter now." But how could he watch Tony, without actually watching Tony?
"Yeah, yeah, I can hear you," Meg answered instead of the AI. "Thanks for picking an automatic, would have some issues with a stick." He could hear the shake in her voice, but so far she was still holding it together. "Feel kinda bad about stealing someone's car-"
“Ice cweam?” Tony looked down to see a sleepy Jamie looking up at him with sparkling eyes. Tony snorted with a smile.
“It was a slip up,” Steve retaliated, then turned around to face Tony. “I’ll never call her that name again.”
"No, but it's still unfair." She raised an eyebrow. "You're too comfortable with the notion."
"You didn't come here because I bat my eyelashes at you," Natasha said.
"Hey, that's pretty awesome, Petey," Tony smiled at him.
Little arms reached up for Bucky, pulling both men’s attention down to her. Her bright blue eyes were staring straight at the assassin, letting her intentions be clear that she wanted him to pick her up. Tony glanced over at Steve, watching Jamie carefully, but it didn’t look like he would move to stop the interaction if it happened.
“Oh, I’m so glad I’m here for this,” Meg said quietly from the couch, and Tony couldn’t help but smile in agreement.
"I tried to time the explosions so that it would be either too slow, or too fast," Tony said quietly to him. "I tried to make easier for those who had seen war,..." he trailed off.
"Ballsy son of a bitch," Meg muttered under her breath. She looked about as tired as Steve felt. He felt a little bad, she looked much older than when Steve had met almost a year ago, and part of that felt his fault.
"And then you declared yourself to be a superhero? Yes, that information made it out of the US." Oh good, Bruce knew the basics.
A familiar, and not always welcome, warm tingle swept through his body, up to his nose and eyes, and he tried to push back the tears. “Vee, Vee, Vee.” She licked his face all over before jumping back down to go back to the Gems. Tony let out a breath, a wobbly smile as he watched them all, a complete group again. For the time being.
“I have plans!” Tony declared. “Big plans!”
“Alright, alright, I’m up!” He sat up, stretching his arms, before sliding his feet onto the floor. Vee jumped down to the floor and took off running. “Where’s the fire, Vee!” He called out, chuckling a little. He took a second to pull on a tank top and sweatpants, before following her. Vee yipped at him from the bottom of the stairs, and took off again towards the stairs to the workshop. Pepper was sitting on the couch, tablet on her knee, coffee steaming hot and in a mug for him.
“That is true. It’s a good thing that he liked Todd before hand. It’s lucky that he didn’t switch gears and start hating on him after they started dating,” Tony murmured the last part.
"Yeah, he's monitoring all of Mary's vitals, sending constant updates to her Doctors," Tony said, hand rubbing Peter's back in circles. "He pretty much knows everything." William nodded. "Oh, there are two other people here, but they'll be staying upstairs. I thought I would let you know. They helped, with the attack yesterday, so they can be trusted." Trusted enough, he didn't say. "I'm sure Jarvis has told you that there's a garden in the back, benches chairs, gazebo, pretty much everything."
"I liked you better when you were frozen," Tony muttered. "You were silent, and not so sassy, then."
“Didn’t do anything new, not really.” He shrugged one shoulder once, and Steve was almost wishing that he had gotten there just a few minutes earlier, so he could have been the one to end Wilson. “Kept asking me questions, getting louder and louder. Wanted to know about why we moved, and what Mr Tony was doing.” Steve glanced at his boyfriend, but he kept staring at Wade, keeping his emotions behind a mask. “Wanted to know how to get into the Tower, and stuff like that. The way he was asking though, I think he was planning to hurt everyone.” He sniffled again. “Then, he was pulling out one of his guns. Said that if I didn’t tell what he wanted, he’d hurt you, Mom. He take you, and then he’d hurt you, and I wouldn’t be able to help!”
“Please tell me that you have locations on at least one of them,” Steve asked, keeping eyes on Tony.
A shadow passed in front of his eyes, and he instinctively brought his arms over his head, trying to pull his knees up. There was a soft sussing, a gentle hand pulling something warm over him. "Just me, Tony." Steve, that was Steve's voice. "It's Steve. Bruce, Mary, and William are here, too." He just wanted Steve to keep talking, his voice was soothing to him, it helped him come back down. "Try and pull in a deep breath, alright? As deep as you can, without hurting yourself. I'll be right here."
“Daddy?” Peter asked, and Tony tried to put on a smile.
Steve had asked about Peter right away, and Coulson assured him that he was safe with Tony, and that Tony wouldn't let the boy out of his sights. Tony had wanted to move Mary to his house, to have round the clock care for her, and Steve for once couldn't be upset with the man. It's what he would have wanted to do, especially if he had the resources that Stark did. Steve honestly didn't expect to see Tony coming aboard the Hellicarrier after this revelation.
Steve smiled as Jamie played with his fingers, seemingly to be content in the wrap that was around his chest that Mary had helped him with, while they waited for Tony. She assured him that the wrap wouldn't start bothering his back until after they got a stroller, but this would better. Steve wasn't complaining. He got to watch Jamie up close, watch her peer around in curiosity while she held onto his shirt, and reach out for something when he got too close.
"Second, as much as it hurts to see Mary like this, this is not my fault. This is no one's fault but the man that did that to her, and we caught that bastard. I won't stop making sure that she keeps getting the care that she needs until she's back And third, it's not all about my image, but I need to keep some kind of legacy for Peter, something Good for him to inherit so that he is haunted by my failures, and by my shadow. I need to make sure that he is able to be his own man, and do what he wants when he grows up, not make up for my mistakes."
"She's the voice of Rapunzel!" Peter said with a big grin. "Can we watch Tangled?"
Marvel owns stuff, not me, except my imagination.
It never did get better.
"Tony!" Tony whipped around, and saw Mary above him in the stands.
"Daddy!" He laughed and wiggled around, but didn't push Tony away. Tony cackled and lifted his shirt, blowing a raspberry on Peter's stomach this time, causing him to squeal again. "Daddy, no! That tickles!"
"But I'm dating a Captain, that should count, right?" Tony slid his arms in to take Rowan from Steve after the bottle was empty. "Throw that towel over my shoulder," Tony nodded to Steve's lap. "You're not questioning why the Silver Star?"
“To keep his mind- What?!” Steve looked back at Tony, then turned the full force of a Captain America glare at Loki. “If you don’t start explaining what all of this means in the next two seconds, I will use my shield on your head.”
"You need to stop surprising me with these visits, I'm going to expect them every couple weeks." Tony was hoping that Jarvis was taking pictures of this moment, Steve really did look good with a baby in his arms.
"I'm sure I will," Bruce said chuckling. "Go on, don't be late to get your kid." Tony gave Bruce a mock salute and hurried out of the workshop.
Peter hopped down him booster seat and went to start opening the windows int he living room at the same time that there was a knock on the front door. Tony groaned and hurried over, grabbing his hat and sunglasses, before opening it. He blinked when he saw Steve standing there.
"Yeah! He's not tiny," Tony agreed. "He's turning seven next week!"
Tony turned his body away to put distance between him and the baby girl. "Don't do this," he told the kid. "Get your sister, walk away while you can. This isn't-"
“I did a lot of soul searching while I was out there in the wild blue yonder.” Steve made a big sweeping arm motion towards the big windows.
“Wade, baby,” she tried to soothe him, her hands cupping his cheeks. “I’m right here, I’m not hurt. He didn’t do anything to me.”
"Yeah, I did," he nodded, not wanting to look a Coulson. He knew he would be proven wrong if he looked over, he just knew it. "They won't come around anymore." He kissed the top of Peter's head. "Do you wanna see the room that I built just for you, though? Hmm?" Tony froze a little when he felt little fingers tracing over the black lines of the palladium poisoning on his neck.
“Of course he does,” Peggy said. “He has a whole group, dear, eight of them.” Steve blinked. “Tony and Vee trained them from their eggs. He raised them for Vee to have companions.” She watched the Super Soldier’s mouth open a little, gears turning in his head. “Steve, just like yourself, Vee was his first pokemon, at the tender age of 6. He saved her, all because he wanted to make her feel better for missing you.” Steve’s stomach was rapidly dropping as Peggy spoke.
Tony raised an eyebrow at him, but didn't stop, another depleted core was calling his name, and a refill on his very unflavorful, life-saving, green liquid. Tony took his time going down the stairs, feeling a bit of the fatigue starting to hit him. He'd need to conserve what he had until the new core kicked in, which would probably be int he middle of dinner.
"I'll be back with the little tyke. You're gonna love him," Tony said, the thought of Peter enough to make him start grinning.
"I can take a hint," Tony chuckled a little. And if he didn't have to explain to Pepper later why one of his outfits had chocolate cake remains when she picked up his dry cleaning, then he wasn't complaining.
"Why don't you come help us unpack, and we'll get your room ready for tonight," Mary told the little boy. "Not safe with all that broken glass up on Daddy's floor." Peter hummed and nodded, hugging Mary around the neck. Coulson fell into step next to Mary and they retreated for the elevator.
"I have a bad feeling about those three women getting together," Tony said after hearing that they were traveling in a pack. That usually spelled trouble for Tony Stark. He could only hope that Pepper didn't think that now would be a wonderful time to come back from Malibu and join up with them. He would be even more doomed.
“I know, kiddo,” Steve said with a nod. He stood, Wade taking the hint to stand with him. “Yeah, I know.”
“That’s a great idea, Petey!” Tony declared. “We’ve got two Princes!” His eyes looked over to the highly amused actor who was supposed to be Prince Philip. “They should be kissing Her cheek!” The two actors had of course recognized Tony for who he was, but the great thing about all staff at any of the parks, was that they weren’t supposed to outwardly react while they were acting. That went for any celebrity. “If that is of course agreeable?” He knew Peter was turning puppy eyes to them.
“Can you stop acting like a domestic family?” Bucky spoke up, leaning back against the couch, still sitting on the ground. Conor and Rowan were using his legs to push themselves up, wanting to climb their Uncle Bucky. “My stomach can’t handle it.” They could see that he was trying not to smirk at them.
Also, time jump.
"Tony." Tony didn't look up from the prototype he was working on, Mary's unamused voice filling his workshop, Jarvis putting the call through. "Tony, there are people moving my furniture. Why are there people moving my furniture, out of my apartment, into a truck?" Tony could hear the inquisitive coos of Peter in the background.
"And beating on a stuffed bag helps?" Tony asked, pushing the old bag further off to the side.
"The cockroaches didn't speak to you," Mary said with a little sigh.
Tony grunted, flying back, almost dropping from the sky from the resulting energy wave. "The barrier is pure energy. It's unbreachable," Jarvis said in the helmet.
"I started with the most recent music," Steve confessed. He was not a huge fan of most of the music that had come out recently, and maybe it had been a mistake to start that way, but he had hoped that it help him adjust to the current time a little more quickly.
"I think I understand," Steve said with a little nod. "If things for some reason don't work out, you don't want Peter to know."
“Already been contaminated!” Tony said, a little hysterically. “And you think that would be the easy part, just go ahead and use that, but no, Howard was a special sort of-“
"He's just a troublemaker! Haven't you caused my family enough-" Rachel shouted, and Tony glanced over his shoulder. Steve was trying very hard not to just pick her up and throw her over his shoulder, not with so many cameras watching. Tony didn't care at this point.
"Of course, Tony," his friend nodded. "What ever you need."
"Whoa! You're not considering this insanity, right? Were you secretly talking to Thor today?" Tony took a step backwards this time. "You can't agree with letting someone go through memories, or whatever they hell they were suggesting."
?" Her voice hitched a little and Tony held onto her a little tighter.
Tony shook his head a little, moving his tongue. Oh, he felt it working. The new element clicked into place, and then hit his veins, and it started racing through his body. He gasped again, rolling his shoulders. He coughed a little and chuckled. "Tastes like metal shavings." He moved his tongue, the taste feeling like they were coating his mouth. "And coconut." That one wasn't so bad. Tony took a deep breath and vaguely saw Bruce covering his eyes from the glow of the reactor as it got brighter.
Steve pulled the boy into his arms and Wade started to cry against his chest. "We're not going to let anything happen to you, or your mom," Steve told him, rubbing his back. "This is the safest place for you." He wanted to promise that they'd be safe, but they'd been attacked just outside of the doors to the building. Steve wanted to talk to Tony later tonight. He watched Meg and Bucky silently leave the room, nodding to them once, but not letting go of Wade. He knew he'd have to Julie what was happening now.
"Were you expecting someone else? Should I be jealous?" Tony put on a pout, even though the man couldn't see him.
"I know that." Steve frowned. "It's not like I'm expecting to jump into something serious, because I don't think either of us is ready for that, yet." Natasha smirked at him, but didn't say anything. "I mean, not to say that I've been giving deep thought to anything, but it's not like I haven't given it any thought at all, but-"
"Peter's still sleeping, and I was getting bored," he replied easily.
"You've got the satellite phone, so you can call whenever, talk to Wade, keeps us updated," Tony said. The woman went to hand Tony the backpack, but Tony didn't take his hands from his pockets. Steve noted this, and the short look of discomfort, and Steve instantly reached over to take the bag. Mrs Wilson smiled at them, then went over to hug Wade, saying goodbye to him.
"Oh, no no no," Tony shook his head. "I was lucky enough to work with two piece outfits. And in California, most of them were shorts, so I didn't have to go through this trouble."
"You knew that she had already agreed," Wade accused.
Tony reached up and started to run his hand through Steve's hair slowly. "Me, too," he breathed out. They sat there, just leaning on each other, taking comfort in being able to feel each other, until the tablet screen between them lit up. Jamie's soft cries could be heard, and Steve was already moving to get up.
, just as they had discussed at dinner a few weeks ago. Peter was going to be Obi Wan Kenobi, from a set of movies that Steve hadn’t seen, and if Tony had his way he probably wouldn’t see anytime soon, and if Steve had recognized the blue pants correctly, then Tony was going to be Han Solo.
"But Mr Steve is here," Peter argued weakly, holding onto Steve's legs. "He's a guest."
"I am Sir," Jarvis answered from the phone a second later. "I am connected back to the Manor."
"Anthony," Thor said, reaching forward to grasp his arm in greeting. "Your mechanical servant has filled me in on what happened, but there is no way that Loki could have left his confines down here." Tony looked over at Loki, who was watching them with blank green eyes. Except they weren't exactly blank, there was a carefully concealed spark of amusement. He wanted something.
“Of course you want a cat, why does that not surprise me.”
"You said that you were going to work on getting Pepper out to see her family, and you would let me know what that happened," Mary reminded him. "Typically Peter and I go over to my parents on Christmas morning though, and he opens his presents there, and we eat lunch."
"He was out of his league. He should waited," Tony's jaw quivered a little, but he held it together. "He should have stayed back, he should have...."
"Bucky?" Steve called quietly, standing a bit straighter as he stepped inside the apartment. The talking stopped as he headed for the living room. There was shuffling, then a grunt, and he saw that Meg had her hands on Bucky's hands, keeping him on the couch. He looked like he wanted nothing more than to run away, all with a glower on his face.
"Why not?? I helped with that thing!"
"If you were to die, then I would be as good as dead," Loki explained, like it should have been obvious. "You hold the proof of any innocence that I have in my actions."
“What the-“ Tony froze suddenly, something in the back of his mind sensing something, wrong. Something red wandered into the corner of his vision on one side, snaking up and around. It wasn’t a person, or any kind of creature, but it felt like it was alive. Tony turned, every intention to run away from it, for once following what common sense was telling him to do, but stopped in his tracks when something suddenly wrapped around his chest. The red, it
"Since Stark and I have entered an agreement, we both must only speak the truth until an Arbiter comes." Loki spoke like this was the simplest concept on the planet. "An Arbiter will gather copies of memories to review, some from myself and some from Stark, and they will then send word of my innocence, or not, back with Thor for the Allfather to review. If one has a good many number of secrets, or things that they keep close to their chest for one reason or another, they will feel very light," Loki explained. "They could feel weightless to a point. I am accustomed to the feeling by now, so I know how to center the feeling."
"I love you," Steve blurted and Tony stopped, back straightening in shock.
"Till the end of the line," Bucky whispered back. He ran his flesh hand over his face and let out a sigh. "I can't promise anything, Steve. I'm still working out who I am, it's hard, and it's probably going to take a while." He looked up at the blonde, seeing those blue eyes. "I can still feel the Soldier, always lurking right at the edge of my mind. I have to try and separate him, from me. Dame out there said that it would help me not get so overwhelmed."
“Tony,” Bruce said softly, almost as if he were chastising him. Steve's brow furrowed, and he was looking at Tony for answers.
"Tell them why you two got ice cream," Tony prompted.
"Why does it always feel like you're scolding me when you use my full name?"
“As well as it’s going to be for now,” Steve told him. He moved to sit next to Tony on the piano bench, watching as the brunette put both hands on the piano now, playing something softly. It wasn’t anything that Steve recognized, but the way that Tony played it, it seemed to soothe him a bit more. “Wade’s starting to work through what actually happened yesterday, and he’s been thinking.”
Steve looked up at Tony, lost in his thoughts, surprised at the billionaire's appearance, even though he had been waiting for him. "Uh, yeah." Very intelligent, Rogers. He stood up straight from the wall to look at him.
"You're a good father." Tony's head whipped around to look at William. "You're a good man. Rachel is just upset."
"I technically wouldn't have to go in," Mary idly commented, pulling a look from Tony. "I'm his Handler, he's kind of my job."
“Technically, two floors with a loft area,” Tony corrected. “Most of the ceilings are vaulted and opened, to accommodate the glass windows.” Tony turned on a little pout. “We need all the room we can get, it’s almost like buying a very large house, of which we would need if we lived anywhere else. There’s four of us, two under the age of ten, and we both need offices to work out of, and places for our non-avenging, and non-company-owning jobs.” Tony made an aborted motion with one hand, behind Jamie’s back. “I need space, lots of space.”
"Oh yeah, not with that little nest egg that you're sitting on," Sam commented with a smile, going into the bathroom.
Something had been bothering Tony for the past few days, and Steve was trying to get a couple of free days so that he could come back to the Tower to check up on him in person. It had been over a month since they had last seen each other in person, and Steve missed him something terrible.
Tony had a smug little smile when he woke up the next morning. The weather had seemed to have a complete turnaround. The streets were indeed cleared, the crews working all through the night, and the sun was out. The temperature had risen just a little bit, and the snow was easier to clear from the sidewalks. Jarvis found a well-reviewed Diner that was only a couple blocks away, and after a well-rested night sleep with Steve at his side, even Tony was willing to make the walk.
“You slept through breakfast,” Tony told him, hand resting against Jamie’s back as he stayed close to Steve. “We didn’t have the heart to wake you, so Peter spent the whole morning teaching Jamie how to say Papa.”
"Remember when Bruce and I said that AIM had been working on cloning?" Steve nodded at Tony's question. "Good, that makes this a hell of a lot easier. Steve, that's your little baby clone." Steve stared at him in silence, barely blinking.
Tony tried to swallow, tongue swiping out to try and wet his lips that suddenly felt too dry. “I’d uh, I’d like that,” he said with a nod. His own feet moved him away from the counter, a step closer to Steve. Steve stepped even closer to him, and suddenly their chests were nearly pressed together.
Peter was the first to activate his, and as the sound effects started, blue light shot out, and Steve’s and Peter’s eyes were widening almost comically. Tony was grinning like a kid at Christmas. Steve pressed his button and he felt the small force of motion as green light shot out of his. As he took a close look though, he saw that the light was held captive in a thin clear cylinder. “Those are custom, and as close to a real light saber as we’re going to get. For now. Until I actually put effort into inventing one,” Tony said watching them. Peter started to gently wave his back and forth in the air, and it even made the sound of a light saber moving, the gentle hum and swish. “They’re not dangerous, but can be used in light saber battles. The fabricated plastic that contains the light it about as durable as my Iron Man suit, and it drops back down like a net when deactivated, and it shot up with a shot of compressed air from inside.”
, not tears!
Tony easily lost himself down in his workshop, working on the new suit. Jarvis would tell him when it was time for dinner, shut down the lab if he had too, but Tony needed this little distraction. He wasn't sure why hearing that Mary and Agent were engaged was such a shock to him. He certainly wasn't surprised, they had been dating for a while now, at least two years if his thinking was right. Tony dropped the screwdriver on the desk. He couldn't concentrate now.
Steve glanced up and saw an iron Man helmet sitting on the desk with wires attached to the inside. He frowned a little when he saw that it looked different than the helmets that he had seen before. This one still had the same slitted eyes that lit up, and it still opened the same way, but the gold of the helm extended well up and over the head. The sides were white, but something seemed off. It reminded him of some of the space suits in the modern Sci-Fi movies that Tony was introducing him too. What was important, was that it was not the same helmet that he had seen Tony working on last week.
Tony nodded. "Some teachers are Doctors, and I'm a Doctor in Physics, mechanical and electrical engineering." Peter stared at him for a few second with big eyes, but a blank look. "All the stuff I need to know to make the Bots, Jarvis, and the Iron Man suit." That did the trick, his eyes lighting up. "There are even people who are Doctors of Art."
Awaited Part 2 is adorable. No excuse for late chapter, I was up all night and failed to hear my alarm. :( But that's okay, cause this chapter is adorable! You will make noises. Noises of adorableness. :D
"You've borderline hated me."
"Sir," Jarvis said quietly, almost gently, from the ceiling. Tony glanced at his watch and nodded. He pat Mary's hand gently.
"I'm using that to my advantage, you know this, right?" Tony grinned as he slid forward to grab the door for them.
"Sorry, Stark," Steve muttered before he swung his left arm up, shield clutched tightly, beaning Tony with the flat of the shield in the side of the head. Tony stopped, mouth opening a little before crumpling to the ground the next second. Steve took a breath and leaned down, shield still clutched tightly, but gently moved Tony's head. His chest was still moving, eyelids fluttering as his eyes moved underneath.
"Hey, you busy? You mind if I send you on an errand?" Things had been a little awkward since she had caught him trying to get the damaged Mark III suit off. "I need you to go to my office." He grabbed something from his desk, having just completed the programming on it. "You're going to hack into the mainframe and you're going to retrieve all the recent shipping manifests. This is a lock chip," he said as he put the thumb drive in her hand. "This'll get you in. It's probably under Executive Files. If not," he started to shut down his computer again, "they put it on a ghost drive, in which case you need to look for the lowest numeric heading."
Inside, he ordered a scotch, needing one badly now with all the cameras around him, turning when he heard his name being called by his ear. "Mr Stark?"
"Yup!" Peter nodded, smiling. "And I drank all my juice, too."
Bruce pushed Tony towards Steve, who was examining the restored motorcycle. Tony shot Bruce a little glare, but then felt Steve's gaze on him.
Steve glanced at Mary, raising an eyebrow. "Dummy is the first robot that Tony built, and he often wields a fire extinguisher," Mary explained to him, like it made complete sense. Steve blinked, but turned his attention back to Peter. The little boy talked about robots, and his Daddy, until he was practically falling asleep at the table. Steve bid him goodnight as Mary picked him up, going to wash his face from ice cream, then tuck him in.
"I don't know about that, but it powered by the cube," Fury nodded. "And I'd like to know how Loki used it to turn two of the sharpest men I know into his personal flying monkeys."
“Just make some sandwiches!” Steve dropped the bags on the bed before taking a minute to put the clothes in the dresser drawers. He didn’t have plans to use too many clothes, but it was always better to be prepared. On the bedside table he put Tony’s tablet, in case there actually was a little bit of downtime, and he put his sketch book and pack of pencils next to it. Next he moved to the bathroom and opened the linen closet and saw several sets of extra bedsheets and blankets.
"Fine, put him through," Tony said as he followed Peter back out to the living room, where his weekend homework was waiting.
Bruce walked in, a small smile on his face, stethoscope in his hand. "Just going to make it clear, this is not going to be a regular thing." Mary smiled at him, nodding once, and Tony sat back on his legs.
"We're investing in dancing lessons for you."
Tony felt a hand grip his arm suddenly. It was big, strong, cold, and there were too many fingers. He shouted and tried to pull back, away from the hand, then shoved himself forward. Another hand grabbed his other arm and tried to restrain him. Tony kicked out his feet and he heard a grunt, but the hands didn't let go.
Steve leaned up so he could see Tony’s face, could see how expressive it was, eyes moving until they locked on Steve’s, breath coming out of his mouth in pants. “You’re stunning, but right now,” Steve trailed off, leaning back down to catch Tony’s lips, opening his mouth with his tongue, pulling more moans from Tony.
"How long are you here for?" Tony asked, sounding like he might drift off to sleep again.
"The render is complete, Sir," Jarvis announced, pulling Tony's attention away from the TV. Tony looked over and saw the Mark II, soon to be Mark III, in all gold. He wrinkled his nose a little, taking a drink from his glass.
Tony waved away another set of voicemails from talk shows, reporters, and journalists. He rubbed the spot between his eyes and plopped down on the couch. There were still lots of papers to go through, trying to sort out Obidiah's mess with the company. They were still going through employees, cleaning out those who had been loyal to Stane, and who had willingly helped him with the weapons, and the plot to have Tony killed.
The first fireworks started to go up and Steve's attention was brought back to the present. He let a smile cross his face as others joined in, a symphony of color in the sky. He was glad that Mary had suggested that he bring up a radio at the same time, as well. The pops and bangs of the fireworks could have easily dragged him into war-time memories. He was determined to enjoy his birthday.
"Jarvis tells me that you need another phone?" Tony said after a couple moments.
"I think it's called tactical advantage," Steve said, sliding into the passenger seat. Tony glanced in the mirror, looking at Jamie in her car seat. He could easily replace the bags next to her with Peter, seeing in his mind the way he'd probably be talking about his latest art project with Steve, or asking Tony if he could go down to the workshop to see the bots. He shook his head a little, clearing away the thoughts, and started the car. "I have to be prepared for every possibility." Steve was still talking, the cheating smirk on his face.
"I've known him for over a decade, that usually helps," Bruce added in. "My silent language with Tony is much different than the one that he has with Mary, or even with you." Steve hummed a little, nodding. "Tony, you can also use Sam as the Steve interpreter."
"Tony," Mary nodded to him a little, smiling.
Tony couldn't help but stop at what looked like a single father, sitting on a cot, with two little girls, asleep on his lap. The oldest couldn't be older than eight, and the youngest was a touch younger than his Peter. He crouched down a little in front of the little family. "Shoulda figured that all the cameras would be here for you," the man said quietly, but entirely unkindly.
“Steve?” Tony’s tinny voice sounded in his ear, and Steve raised an eyebrow. “Can you hear me?”
Tony stepped back into the pool room, and saw that the pool noodle battles were over. Steve was trying to weave the pool noodles together to make some kind of raft. "Daddy! Come help us!" Peter called when he saw that he was back. Tony swallowed a little and walked over to the side of the pool, sitting down on the edge, and slowly letting his feet dip into the water.
Short chapter of fluff prepares for a big chapter of insane fluff.
“Sir has already retreated to the workshop,” the AI informed him as Steve made a beeline for the private elevator. The elevator was just hitting the floor where Tony kept his larger workshop, on that nearly twenty floors below the Penthouse. “My sensors pick up that he is experiencing an extreme Sensory Overload episode.” Steve bit his bottom lip as he waited for the cart to return up to him, foot tapping on the ground. “He has always suffered from the effects of sensory overload, but it has not become more prominent until after his return from Afghanistan, and more recently after the Battle of New York.”
"Tell you what, keep your weekend open."
"I always thought he was like a little spider," Natasha said, making both men jump as she walked behind them and over to Clint and Peter. Wade ran in after her taking his seat next to Peter. The table was already set with food, Bruce at his seat, next to Thor. Peter was sitting next to Wade and they were both sitting across from Coulson, who had been cleared for light walking, and the trip from his bed to the dining room was perfect. Clint and Natasha walked over to sit on either side of Coulson, and Steve and Tony went over to their seats; Tony next to Peter and Steve next to Wade. William came out with one last dish of food, and Rachel right behind him with a fresh apple cake that had Tony staring at it.
"I'm on the current episodes," she smiled. "Season six will make you cry a little, and season seven so far, is an absolute trip." Then she moved the collar of her shirt a little to expose a tattoo.
"Dead is a not a look I plan on taking on for a good many years," she told him softly. "Alright, now let me get to my babies." Tony chuckled and she stepped onto the sidewalk. The car drove back towards the garage as soon as Tony shut the door. He turned to look as Meg was taking Conor from Rachel, Julie coming closer with Rowan. Tony frowned a little, and Rachel looked over to catch the expression.
Tony took a deep breath, slowly coming back to. He was reclined, warm, and on something soft. And moving?
Inside Julie’s apartment, the lights were dim, and the two men could make out the top of her head on the cough, wrapped around her son. Wade was no longer crying, but he didn’t look like he was going to be letting go of his mom anytime soon. Tony knocked just loud enough to be heard before they walked in. They walked around the couch to take a seat on the love seat, and Wade’s eyes sought out Steve’s.
Steve laughed and let the boy lead him across the floor, over to the elevator. "Peter, what's going on? Where are we going?"
Tony glanced at Bruce, and he could feel Coulson just behind him. He sighed, closing his eyes a bit. "He was working for Hydra. He and Zola were the ones that got Hydra started inside SHIELD." Tony opened his eyes to see Bruce's wide eyes. "Everything he had you doing, everything he was doing to me, it was for Hydra. Willingly." Bruce was about to say something and Tony shook his head. "Not the thing to focus on right now, gotta keep them from getting Jamie." Tony also hadn't had enough time to go through the rest of Howard's journal.
Sooo, some of you may have guessed, that I gifted you all with so much fluff recently..... Yeah, I'm an evil author. I giveth and I taketh away.
“That Eevee never liked me,” Howard huffed out. Vee let out a huff of her own in response, and Tony started to scratch around her neck. “I don’t know why she came out for Tony.”
"Admit it, you miss me, too," Tony said, a little tune in his voice.
Steve grinned at him, leaning in to kiss him. “Hello, Mr Fitzherbert.”
"You're sadly mistaken if you think this isn't a situation that I can't get out of," Tony taunted. "And I know you're not going to kill her, you just admitted that you want to use her as leverage, and not against me." The man just smirked, not moving, and Tony didn't like it.
"Are you kidding me? You want to send me right into the fray?" "She's a civilian, you can't possibly being thinking about doing that!" "I'm not getting involved in this shit fest! I want to get Out of it, in fact!" "This is far beyond anything that we could have imagined as it is, and all of the Avengers are-"
“Overthinking,” Tony corrected and Steve nodded.
"I'm afraid so, son," William nodded again, moving along to the front of the couch. "There are things for temporary relief, but nothing permanent."
His fingers hovered above his arc reactor. "You have been weighed," Tony started to whisper to himself. "You have been measured. And you have been found wanting." He closed his eyes, furiously wiped away any stray tears that dared to appear, then went to his work station. It was time that he started working on what he was good at; his Iron Man suits.
"I always thought that taste was evolving, and that people were supposed to move on from the Eighties," Meg fired back sweetly. Tony raised an eyebrow at her.
“Hello, handsome.” Tony made grabby to him as he walked by, bringing Steve down for a kiss. “Mmmm, you haven’t had a post-misison shower yet.”
Steve had known that they had made collectibles after he had gone down with the plane, but he hadn't been aware of how many, and what kinds. He noticed a few empty spots, and remembered what Bruce had told him, how Tony had completed Coulson's set with some of his own. That's when the thought struck him. This was Tony's personal collection. He glanced back at the man in question, and swore he saw a slight flush coming up his neck.
