“Personal?” Bucky questioned his lips turning up in a smirk.
“I’m not a kid,” Harley muttered as Bucky handed him a bowl of spaghetti.
It would have worked if he wasn’t so drained and his hands wouldn’t have shaken so much from whatever drugs they were feeding him.
“You know that’s not true,” Peter said worried that some of the kids there were going to turn Harley against Tony.
“That’s good,” Tony said, pulling Miles closer to him and kissing the hair that was beginning to curl. “You’re stuck with me kiddo.”
more like Count Dracula from Sesame Street.
“Baba needs a nap like me?” Miles repeated after Natasha.
So instead, Steve resolved to wash himself with his hands that were equally as bruised and bloodied as the rest of him. However, he could not find it within himself to particularly care for his state of being, since he was so satisfied with how things had ended.
“I think you should concern yourself with finding a new place over wondering whether or not this spaghetti dinner was a date. Because I can ease those concerns right now,” Steve said standing up. “It was.”
Bucky and Clint said a few things, but Steve quickly silenced them.
“Slow down. Food’s not going anywhere,” Tony warned. “And make sure you thank Natasha for making breakfast.”
Ryder’s voice cracked through the phone. “No, no. You’re right. You’re at the carnival and you’ve been planning this thing for ages.
Steve could only hope they were being honest in the group message. When he arrived he was both shocked and not surprised at the stage of events. Sure things had been put up, but there was still stuff to do.
Head thrown back, Tony tried to raise his body on his elbows so that he could pull himself to look at Steve. Shakily he tightened his legs on Steve’s body and brought him flush with Steve who was now blanketing Tony.
As always thanks for the wonderful comments, kudos, and bookmarks! They make me sincerely happy :)
“Hello.”
Steve didn’t know what came over him or perhaps he did. Quite possibly it was Ryder trying to use Tony as the excuse for his own violent actions that made him do it. All he knew was that he had heard more than enough. It was surprising that he had even allowed him to speak for this long.
He knew it was selfish to think that he was the only hero who Miles admired. He couldn’t exactly monitor the teenage volunteers’ stories of the mighty Avengers. Even though the rhetoric had changed to take in the fact that they were still exiled, until recently, the volunteers regaled the children with the times they fought cohesively as one unit.
“It was a gift,” Tony exclaimed trying to push away from Ryder. “That’s all it is.”
Tony smiled to himself as all of the children ran to go play with the toys he had brought for this week’s visit. Karen, who was the owner of this orphanage shook her head at Tony.
Tony stopped. “Fine you can have one-”
“I thought Steve was the only one interrogating me,” Isak said lowly, mouth hinting toward a secretive smile. “Now you sure do love painting my picture in the bad light. What’s the saying…oh let’s not speak ill of the dead.”
“Maybe Isa is right and we all need that therapy,” Natasha joked, but the sentiment was serious.
“Why?”
Steve grinned, fondly remembering his time with Steve on the balcony. Sam tilted his head and pondered for a few seconds, while Sharon and Bucky continued looking at Steve. Steve didn’t even notice their stares as he was focused on drawing the image of the moonlight kissing Tony’s cheeks as he smiled up at him.
He had just assumed-
“Sorry,” Steve rasped unsure of what he should do. He wanted to grab the medkit in the medicine cabinet and fix Tony’s hands. Those hands created many of the most brilliant things Steve had been introduced to in the 21
Ryder smiled awkwardly at them and blushed. “I’m sorry we’re having this conversation partly undressed. If we can step inside for a few seconds to get dressed and a little more presentable.”
So all of these new faces and security? Why on earth were there two people stationed at nearly every single wall or exit in the ballroom. Some of the faces he did know like those of the Avengers, Pepper, Rhodey, Leauna and her husband, even Isa had made an appearance, and some people he’s known and liked throughout his life, but the others…he realized them for journalists and others of the like. He turned sharp eyes to Ryder and felt betrayed.
Steve’s cheeks grew even warmer. “I don’t love him. And besides I bring him food because if I didn’t, we’d just have a starving genius on our hand.”
The doctor walked away from them. Natasha looked toward Steve whose own eyes were beginning to glisten with tears. Natasha remembered the information in his file and allowed Steve a moment to compose himself.
“Thor not so loud,” Bruce said trying to show an example of how loudly one should be speaking.
“We do not need height check,” Tony laughed. Then he realized what Steve was trying to imply and playfully hit him in the shoulder. “Oh, fuck you very much. You know what I am not short and I am getting tired of you suggesting that I am. I am an average height thank you.”
But enjoy this chapter that I promised would be  completely fluffy...but well
“And that would have been your fault. Again. You wonder why all your family is gone? It’s because you make decisions like this without any guidance.”
Other things such as ingredients for pasta and some green smoothie were overlapping Miles’ finger print picture he did with Steve.
Then as if a dark shadow had come into her room, Bekah turned her face away. “Actually, that is what I wanted you to come in here for. As you know, when I got out of high school I went straight to the army. It was the proudest moment of my life. I felt like I had a purpose, that I was doing something far greater than what could be conceived. You understand that right?”
He wished that he could talk to his son. He wanted to hear Miles’ voice and wondered, if there was someone in this CMPNY who he could get to agree. He tried with everyone, tried baiting them to see who had just a little bit of kindness. Luka was in the running, but after his punishment from Ryder he remained distant.
“Thanks,” Tony breathed out, limbs feeling shaky all of a sudden.
Tony sniffed and looked up to Fury.
He didn’t want to say that aloud.
“Perhaps we may discuss it more privately,” Vision suggested. “Then we can make arrangements, while the rest of the Avengers discuss their own plans of return.”
version of things.”
Finally, he was able to separate himself from Ryder. After hours of walking around the room and introducing himself and answering questions Tony told Ryder he needed to go to the restroom. Instead Tony discreetly went off to a supply closet and went inside of it. He didn’t stop even as the Avengers followed him with their eyes. They had huddled into their own corner and were talking to the people closely associated with Tony such as Pepper, Rhodey, Leauna and her husband, Karen, Isa, and some people that Tony had worked with over the years.
Ryder laughed and sat down in his seat. He tilted the cup back and drank its contents, before replying. “I hardly see the problem here. The boy said he was thirsty and I was giving him something to drink.”
“Well,” Tony stuttered off. “Things are changed. I pardoned Bucky for goodness sake. Why would I put something in the Accords-?”
“I really don’t like him,” Peter said throwing away the orange candies and handing Miles some sliced apples instead.
Harley watched on in dry amusement. “Okay, this is awkward.”
“Isak’s wife is with her husband right now,” Fury said. “I just thought you all should know, since you all, as I did, wanted to make sure he got what he deserved. Looks like fate worked in our favor.”
Tony had seen the bodies fall.
All of them had varying levels of expressions on their faces, depending on the reason they were there in the waiting room. Steve prayed that he never had the expression of this one particular man sitting opposite of him. His eyes were red and looked dull in expression. Tense lines creased in his forehead and his lips were pursed slightly together.
Steve frowned and reached out to Tony’s hand that was playing mindlessly with his napkin. His fingers slowly interlaced with Tony’s and Tony brought his attention back to Steve.
Steve looked down at the nurse. “I know, but you see I wasn’t really asking for permission to leave. So as much as I appreciate you following your procedure, I think I know Tony better than the rest of all of you. That means I know he needs a break from this hospital room he’s been kept in. But look I promise to have him back here within three hours and I’ll even tell you where we’re going.”
And yep there it was a Lego Iron Man, perched on top of Sam’s building.
Ryder checked in to whatever place he had brought Tony too. Tony ignored the slight swelling in his eye, a Christmas gift that Ryder had been all too ready to give, while in the car. The driver had said nothing as the sound, of Ryder’s fist meeting Tony’s face, echoed in the car. Tony wondered briefly if Ryder had paid the driver not to say anything.
“I apologized and I bought her like fifteen stuffed animals,” Clint added. “I felt terrible. Juice boxes are hard stuff, man.”
“Cali dear don’t make me upset. Just do as you are told,” Ryder exclaimed.
“Yeah, I bet it was the best one in the class,” Peter said, knocking his hand briefly on Miles knees before turning back to the front.
Tony clenched his jaw, angry that some child had told his own how to deal with his fears.
When Tony came back to their table, Steve smiled at seeing the bracelet adorn Tony’s wrist. Tony saw Steve’s gaze and gave a discreet smile. Steve went back to talking to Thor, who was completely enraptured with the small portions of food they were serving. Steve and others had tried many times to explain the concept of appetizers, though Steve admitted to himself his own explanation was rather terrible.
“Fury got in contact with the hospital Isak was staying at.”
“And to this I tell you my son,” the voice echoed and Steve had no thoughts in his mind to write it off as his imagination, far stranger things had happened in his life. “That of whom his love has brought closer to me in the years that have been unkind. Sleep my son and rest. The decision weighs heavy on your heart, but your love shall ease its burdens.”
So he took Miles downstairs, one arm holding onto a slowly developing energetic kid and the other holding two toys to keep the child entertained.
Then there was that piece of paper…that note, which had been left in a box on his desk drawer.
The two briefly looked at one another, before laughing loudly.
Steve laughed as he exited the room. On his way back, he bumped into Harley who was waiting by the candy machine. Harley jumped at his presence and smiled sheepishly at him.
Suddenly, Steve’s phone began to vibrate in his pocket. He took it out and looked down at the screen.
“I said I don’t know Steve.”
Steve grinned, settling back and covering his cock up with a generous amount of lube. Tony couldn’t help himself, but lick his lips at the sight. Steve moved forward, hands still wrapped around himself, as he pressed a long and deep kiss to Tony’s mouth.
“I mean Steve what would you have felt if your commanding officer led your team into a mission, where no one made it out alive. You had to tell fathers, mothers, brothers, and sisters that the men and women they said goodbye to wouldn’t be coming back. What would you do if you later learned that mission was not even important? Those men and women died a careless death due to a misjudgment call?”
Tony reared back as though he had been slapped. “Whoring myself?” he whispered mindful of the company that was around him. “I have not been whoring myself out to anyone and how dare you say that. You know what I think it’s time I get Miles. He probably has enough candy to fill up three bags.”
“You had better,” Steve said. “Make sure you dress appropriately for the weather wherever Vision takes you.”
Tony looked at Steve as if seeing if he was serious before sighing. “Okay, fine.”
But now?
His mind filtered away from that image and he pressed a hand against his slowly hardening cock. He wished Tony was here. He had been gone a month with Miles, Pepper, and Rhodey. He hadn’t had a month to explore a “soft” side with Tony. But this month allowed him to practice. He took a few of his employees of the CMPNY and tried seeing how to be soft. Miriam had been a delightful study.
“Let’s go check on Miles, yeah?”
“Jack doesn’t let me stay with him and my sister because I was never a part of his plans, which is stupid because I existed, while he was dating my mom. Either way, Jack doesn’t want to take me on. Mom doesn’t have any family and all the family on my dad’s side…well I know nothing about them.”
Clint shifted on his feet. “I don’t know what I want you to say either.”
“How’d you do that?” Natasha addressed him rising from her kneeling position beside Tony to rest her bottom on the back of her heels.
P.S. Due to this wonderful day, I haven't been able to reply to comments from the previous chapter yet. However, know that I have read them and I truly appreciate them y'all make me smile. Hopefully, I can reply to them soon though.
At one particular sharp pinch of glass, Tony bowed his body first and let out a string of curses. Steve having grown tired of seeing Tony be in pain moved to get a broom and swept the bloodied glass off of the floor. Once done, he grabbed a washcloth and wiped the spilt water and blood from the floor.
Steve followed them to the car. He got in the passenger side and settled in as Natasha took off. They stopped at the flower shop, as suggested by Julie. Julie directed Harley around the small shop. His hand was still clasped firmly in hers. Harley’s ears had not lessened in redness. It almost seemed like they grew redder.
“I guess I can forgive you,” Tony said bringing Miles forward and kissing him on the cheek.
Tony’s eyes opened.
“No, thank you. This boy needs a good home and you two will make lovely parents.”
He parked his car in the back of the school, something that Tony had made sure to impart some wisdom on him. During heavy pick-up traffic it was best to park in the back, since they were such high profile figures and thankfully they had clearance from admin to do it.
For which I thought of myself as undeserving
Ryder was going to destroy Tony one way or another. It was time to call upon more members of the CMPNY and perhaps to speed his relationship with Tony from “slow” to…well Steve couldn’t possibly pursue a married man, could he?
“When did you get so wise?” Clint whispered toying with his hands. He hadn’t felt like looking at Natasha just yet because he felt like he had been properly chastised.
Steve took the time to notice there were more faces in the room. Nick Fury was in there as was Maria Hill. However, the two faces that surprised him the most were the appearances of Vision and Pepper.
His feet carried him so fast into the main floor and into the living area, that he didn’t even register the weight of a body bumping into his. Tony looked up into the eyes of Steve and let out a relieved breath.
He had some things to say to Tony just as much as Tony probably wanted to say some words to Steve. But Steve had listened to Pepper and he felt going forward he would try listening to Tony.
Well it was enough for Tony to cry and rejoice at the same time. Tony was struggling with the grief of it all, unable to understand why he felt like he had truly lost someone so important. The therapist he was seeing was suggesting that even though he had suffered all of this abuse there was still a part of Tony that was trying to piece together his memories of Ryder in college, the one who protected him and taught him new things and reconcile it with the Ryder who abused him.
“Steve that meat is frozen,” Bucky announced.
How was Ryder able to fly so under the radar that no one could pick up on Ryder? He knew how the Avengers handled these cases so they would be monitoring every single video feed 24/7. So how come they didn’t catch Ryder on camera?
She saw something, but she wasn’t quite sure if all was resolved, but she knew there was progress being made.
“So why aren’t you answering any of his calls?” Peter inquired shifting in his seat so he could look at Tony. “He’s been trying to reach you almost every hour since we left the school.”
Steve as if knowing Tony’s train of thought, brought Tony closer to him and kissed the top of his forehead. Tony melted into it, seeking the comfort which Steve was more than happy to be a consistent source of.
None of them vocally admitted that they hadn’t agreed with Fury’s offer, but Steve could see it in their faces.
Steve smiled warmly at her. “You’re welcome.”
Tony seemed to internally struggle with what to do. Logically he knew with the state of his hands he couldn’t bandage his hands. However, his heart wanted nothing to do with Steve. He wished that Ryder were here because as a doctor he would have been equipped to handle this. He had lately been equipped with handling the bruises and scars on Tony’s body.
Miles nodded. “Yes.”
Steve slowly walked to the room. He stopped short of entering, hating the monotonous beating of the heart monitor and the near pristine walls of the hospital. He then finally allowed himself to rest his eyes on Tony’s unmoving figure.
She smiled warmly, but underneath that were undertones of sadness.
He tried ignoring the pain settling just under his ribs making breathing uncomfortable. He attempted to chase away the feeling of coldness every time he went to the kitchen and didn’t see Tony making coffee. He doesn’t go on his runs in the morning anymore. Sam had tried getting him to run, when he came back to help find Tony. Steve had softly declined the offer and Sam went off to find Rhodey.
Yet he knew that if he couldn’t pour his sparkling cider over the next person who asked if he was going to send Miles to a boarding school like he was or whether he and Ryder would be making it down the aisle soon. Tony wanted to throw up as Ryder simply tightened his hold on his waist and said breathlessly and said, “I sure hope so.”
“Man, I should have brought a jacket,” Clint said while rubbing his arms. His teeth clattered and he tried drawing closer to Natasha, hoping she would take pity on him and give her the extra blanket she had stored in her bag.
Tony flinched. Steve froze.
“Very original,” Rhodey commented, lips tilted in a smirk.
Tony didn’t deserve that.
Tony tried playing off his surprise at Peter’s question. “Yeah. Actually everything’s great.”
That month also gave him time to think about his relationship with Ryder. It was through those self-reflections that he realized that his time with Ryder was spent in pain more often than not. Toward the beginning of the relationship, Tony had been happy to have someone to not make him feel so alone. Then he realized that even with Ryder he felt alone.
“So like things will be better moving forward,” Clint asked.
He would do anything to protect those he loved, but most of all Tony. He couldn’t even imagine to know all of what Tony wanted but he had gotten fairly good at figuring out how his facial expressions translated to what he was trying to say.
“Aww, look the bots missed you,” Clint teased lightly.
He noted the messed up hair and swollen lips. He noticed the beginning of a hickey marking up Tony’s neck. Tony could barely stand on his own, his weight being supported by Ryder. Ryder was almost in a similar fashion, but his shirt was halfway undone and his cheeks were red.
Steve had extensively read over all of the material, in hopes of it being used just in the wonderful case of Ryder slipping and revealing his true identity. Steve had dreamed of that moment, ever since it was said that he would be arriving. So now he held the sleek black folder in his hands, some of the information redacted, but Steve remembered it all.
Steve rolled his eyes, but decided to leave that for another day. “Now, so you said Sam was mad the day after you came back from your mission.”
“Nothing, really,” he answered. “Just you know waiting to get out of this hell house.”
Tony laughed at the ridiculousness of this all. He was being comforted by a four year old. Rhodey seemed to share the sentiment and began to laugh as well.
And by everything Steve was so thankful to finally experience this. He had to make sure to send Shuri his most humble of thanks.
He blinked his eyes from the tears that were gathering, as he continued thinking of that night that led to him putting a pause to his therapy sessions with Dr. Sana. He’ll never forget how readily he agreed to Ryder’s suggestions and advices of trusting him instead of some stranger who Ryder claimed could never truly know him.
Clint whispered conspiratorially to Tony. “We’re totally adding fire.”
“I’m done. I’m done,” Tony yelled, voice cracking.
“You’d be good at it,” Tony agreed.
“What’d you do?” Tony questioned, his words becoming slurred.
Slowly, Ryder returned his gaze and leant closer to Tony.
But by all that is good how Steve couldn’t stop wishing that Tony wanted him.
“Steve get your giraffe legs off of me. I swear. I don’t feel like watching another History channel documentary,” Clint groaned as he tried pushing Steve’s legs off of him.
“Baba still needs to sleep?” Miles pouted upset at that announcement. “But I’m not sleepy.”
In a distressing manner, he felt deep within himself that perhaps these images would always stay rooted in his mind coming up every once in a while…just like the coldness that came in fragments as a memory of his time spent frozen.
Tony wiggled his eyebrows in playful seduction at Ryder. When Ryder refused to acknowledge Tony, Tony tilted his head to him quizzically. He took a step back to stand in front of Ryder. He observed Ryder’s serious expression and mouth taut with tension.
He allowed that for three more times, holding his breath and counting the seconds. On the fourth time, he locked onto the hands holding him and pushed the body down into the water. Jack fumbled a bit in shock from his place behind Tony.
Steve looked behind himself and turned to where Tony was pacing back and forth. One hand held the phone pressed to his ear and the other was gesticulating wildly in the air. Tony turned toward him and Steve raised an eyebrow. Tony faked a smile and then returned to his call.
Inhale.
“Also if you happen to start webbing it up-” Tony began.
Tony melted into Pepper’s hug.
Julie simply took it all in good faith, even taking some time to make her own kissing faces to a brightly flushed Harley.
“Benedici il CMPNY.”
Steve woke the two up and more often than not the two young boys would have an item of Tony’s clothes hanging off of their shoulder or using it as a blanket. He hated the disappointment of sending Peter home to his aunt and felt even greater guilt, when May turned toward him and asked if they had found him yet.
“Not as good as I thought? Not as good as I thought?”
“That-”
“Kjærlighet, hvem er ved døren?” a man’s voice rang out.
Tony’s eyes followed the two as they playfully fought throughout his lab, DUM-E and U each coming to either Sam’s or Thor’s defense.
Tony hummed and allowed his eyes to flutter close, safe in the comfort that Steve was beside him and not going anywhere. His eyes studied Tony’s sleeping features and he took comfort in seeing how the tension from telling the story was melting away. There was still a frown, but even that frown smoothed out as the minutes passed.
Ryder laughed. “Okay, well do you mind handing him your phone for a brief second? I’d just like to talk to him before I lose cell reception.”
“But tower is where you are,” Miles said looking down. “Want you baba.”
Peter threw his back aside. “Well that’s how it should work. How can I be a hero if I can’t save my own family? I couldn’t save Uncle Ben and now I can’t…”
“Is this the little girl I carried? Is this the little boy at play? I don't remember growing older, when did they?” The receptionist’s somber voice sang.
“And Tony got a baby human,” Thor implored. “It has been the season of much change, has it not?”
Steve came in two long strides and stepped between Tony and Ryder. Ryder laughed something deep and dark. He managed to clap his hands together in the cuffs.
“They are because of me Tony. Look you don’t have to say it isn’t just too save me from being hurt,” Steve told him. “It’s okay. Look, we’ll still be teammates.”
Sharon narrowed her eyes at him. “You were looking fine just a second ago, when you were…oh…oh,” Sharon’s exclaimed. Her eyes widened and a bright smile grew on her face. “Are you brooding because you lost your talking companion?”
“Who’s that?”
“I’m getting there,” he honestly replied, leaning his head on Steve’s shoulder and interlacing their fingers, allowing himself to slowly close his eyes in the presence of those who loved him and would protect him.
Steve brightened at this. “So five days, yeah?
Tony shifted on his feet and placed his hands on his hips. “Why are you staring at me?”
Isak laughed softly, licking at the trickle of blood coming down his mouth. “Oh, I’m sorry did I touch a nerve? I hadn’t known that mentioning vacations was also a taboo subject. Though such a beautiful man as Tony does need his beauty rest, though something tells me he’s gotten a lot of it recently.”
“You’ll just have to open it,” Steve whispered as softly as Tony did, afraid to break the quietness and sort of innocence of this moment.
“Hey, Tony. It’s nice to finally meet you.”
“Okay, Steve. So Thor and Bruce will be on their way with catering. Pepper and Rhodey said they stopped back at the office for a bit, but will be stopping by in a little bit. They’ll let you know, when they’re ten minutes out.”
“I’d rather not. Look Ryder this is just between you and me. I’ll do whatever you want okay. Just not another person. No offense Winston,” Tony said. “Ryder come on.”
“It is a concern yes,” Helen said truthfully, “one we have addressed. The next few hours will be critical. I must be honest with you all. Tony does have a high drug content. The state he was in mirrors that of an overdose patient and then you add the concussion, fractured ribs, esophageal damage due to his body ridding itself of its stomach’s acid contents on a frequent basis, probably due to the large amounts of alcohol we see..”
He struggled with himself. He could say he accidentally fell asleep. But he didn’t want to start of their new friendship with lies, no matter how small. So he gently pried Tony’s head off of his lap and placed it on a pillow.
Tony wasn’t sure what to expect, after Ryder told him he had made some dinner reservations on Saturday. He had told him he was merely making up for the interruption of Tony having to leave their date early. At first Tony had wanted to decline the offer in means of separating from Ryder. He had intended on breaking up with him, but it seemed every single time Tony started with, “We need to…” Ryder interrupted saying he needed to go into a shift or some emergency surgery.
“I promise to be on my best behavior tonight,” Loki said with a voice like silk.
There’s not even a single reason he could come up with besides everything being a reason. Tony should’ve just let Steve continue his little odyssey to find his fallen war friend. He should’ve accepted that and maybe things wouldn’t have turned out into such a giant mess.
“Then why are you leaving me,” Tony said eyes bright with tears as he looked up at Steve. “Why are you leaving me? I told you I needed you all. I told you I needed you here. I need you here. Is that what you need? Do you need to hear that no matter how things are still rocky I still need you here…as my friend.”
“Tony,” she said voice breaking softly. She cleared her voice and rubbed irritably at her wet eyes. “All he wanted was to be a part of a family. This family. Brothers, sisters, friends, comrades, and hell even
“That’s really good that first he felt comfortable enough saying that to you and then being able to say that to himself. Means that he’s probably been out of that relationship a while without ever realizing it.”
“What happened Tony? Did someone do something to you?” Steve questioned, already ready to rip someone a new one, if they dared trying anything against Tony. Besides it would be good practice against the main event, when they brought Isak…Ryder down here.
Steve frowned a moment before thinking. “Oh, he’s probably still at Peter’s school right now. I’m sure he’s fine. His phone is probably just on silent right now. Try calling him again in an hour or so. The program will probably be over it by then.”
He couldn’t throw a fit over people who didn’t stay. He should have taken all of the words that people often told him. He should have realized the moment his dad suggested his mom abort him that he would never had someone who wanted him.
“There’s nothing you need to change,” Steve replied hoping that this would get through to Tony.
“You alright?”
She broke off and sighed trying to gather the strength to continue. “It was three years into their relationship, when I first saw the hand shaped bruise on his neck. I didn’t ask. I figured they were up to some kinky shit. Then the bruises increased. I asked him and he said he was fine. He said I had nothing to worry about. I asked him again a year later, when he was in the hospital for a broken collarbone,” she trailed off.
After that, he took more time actually washing himself off of the day’s events than spending time ruminating about all that had taken place in what seemed like forever. He looked down at the bite marks left on his forearm and picked at the swollen skin there.
Man, it feels good to be back.
Steve tossed the pepper to Bucky. “Jerk.”
After what seemed like a few more minutes, Ryder sharply pulled himself a way and rubbed himself before he spent himself all over Tony’s face. Tony weakly pushed at Ryder once he was done and leaned over the bed to dry heave.
The few minutes spent in the kitchen passed without speaking. All three men had been worn down by the day’s events and just looking at them anyone could see that they were a few moments away from falling asleep from their spot in the kitchen.
Steve shrugged sheepishly. He grabbed a skillet and placed it on the stove. Reaching into the refrigerator he grabbed a stick of butter and cut a square. He turned the burner on and placed the butter on the stove. Then he turned to where Bucky was adding some salt into the water.
Bucky and Natasha followed both looking at Fury darkly. The others immediately started saying how they had come in without them even noticing, which was crazy…but then they realized Tony could get into anything if he really wanted and Fury had access to every single door.
“What?” Bucky questioned immediately feeling self-conscious.
Peter’s jaw clenched. “We don’t know how, but Miles apparently snuck out of his room during nap time, when we had the agents over to debrief them over the mission. One of the agents made a rather rude comment in which the end statement was saying you were more than likely dead. It took us awhile to console Miles.”
“Oh, that sounds fun. How was the school program?” Steve asked resting his back against the couch Bucky was sat on.
“Yeah, I know. You two have always been my constant,” Tony smiled. “And so I think you two are honestly a part of why I started this non-profit. I had to step back and realize that I have had amazing resources to help me financially and more. And I just wanted to extend my resources to those that didn’t. I wanted to help people who felt like there was no help for them anymore.”
Steve broke his sentence and drew in a haggard breathe. Red rimmed eyes met Natasha’s clear ones. Natasha’s eyes continued to stare at him as though telling him to finish his sentence. Steve remained silent and turned his head refusing to meet Natasha’s stare.
“So if someone makes me cry that means they love me?” Miles questioned confusedly.
A sharp gasp escaped his lips as Tony was brought back to the land of consciousness. Instead of Dr. Sana’s office he was in his bedroom. The question she asked was still at the forefront of his mind, going unanswered as he adjusted to being awake again.
Miles shimmied into his pants as Tony helped button them. Once done, Tony moved to put on Miles’ shoes and then brush his hair. Satisfied with how Miles looked, Tony took his hand and led him to the kitchen.
“No,” Steve’s voice broke in startling all of them. “No, it’s not the best thing. The Accords are not implemented to protect us. It is meant to restrict us. Tony is advocating this because he feels guilty and okay we have all felt that. There is no need for all of this because we have run quite effectively without it. We know what is best for the people and we are able to be their protectors when they are not able to. We have these gifts so we should-”
Steve looked at Bucky. Bucky nodded his head. “It’s true. Steve we have watched two hours of this. We need a break.”
“I’m a little terrified to go against Natasha. So I second Natasha,” Steve admitted.
“You’re been ignoring my calls. I even tried seeing if Pepper had been in contact with you, but no surprise there you’ve been shutting us out.”
Tony could just imagine the color rising into Steve’s cheek at the moment. Tony reached out and found contact with Steve’s shoulder and gave it a light shove.
“And thank you.”
Harley jumped out of his sheet, quickly washed his dishes and grabbed his backpack. He knelt down to grab his poster board and tugged onto Steve’s hands.
Tony needed that, but he needed to know what lied outside of these walls again. He was losing focus of that. With only Ryder in his ear, his reality was shifting to one where Tony could see himself saying thank you when Ryder came in while his head was being pushed in the bathtub or when someone was throwing bruises onto his body like splotches of paint. He didn’t want his reality to be him curling into Ryder when he shivered from the cold water or sighing in relief when Ryder pressed soft touches against the bruises.
“Looks, like boy wonder has come to save the little damsel in distress,” Ryder proclaimed. “How sweet. I suppose I am the dragon in this story.”
Tony scoffed. “Don’t feel like you need to sugarcoat things. I can’t get over this simple kidnapping. Hell my whole life was preparing me for this.”
“So I wanted you to have something of all of them even if it’s something small,” Steve explained. “So the designs I found were the ones you made with your mom, when you were young.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“It was really good actually. Peter did an amazing job, but that was never in question. But how are things there? Hopefully, you all haven’t burned the building down yet or anything.”
“You’re right. You don’t need my protection,” Steve rasped. “That doesn’t mean I’ll ever stop trying to protect you. You don’t need it, but I do. I need to protect you from me.”
Steve casually picked up a book that was left behind in the cleaning and placed it on the bookshelf as he made his way to Tony’s bed.
Someone must have cleaned his room at some point, as evidenced by the feel of new sheets. Maybe he would get FRIDAY to tell him later, so he could send them some fruit basket or something.
Tony smiled and made a motion to move, but was stopped by Ryder. “Tony remember we have to go catch the flight so we can make it to my parents’ house before nine tomorrow.”
He raised a hand to press against the cool skin of his thighs. He placed his hands underneath his thighs to warm them up. It was could in the room, always freezing. It used to be warm. Tony didn’t know what he did to make Ryder change it to be so cold. If he had known he would have apologized, crap…he didn’t want to but he was going to catch hypothermia or frostbite, something.  He remembered asking Ryder if he could just change the temperature. Tony nearly cried when Ryder changed the room temperature even lower.
Miles sighed frustrated as though Steve interrupted him. “Captain. Mr. Mean Bad One made baba cry. I don’t like you, but I don’t like when baba cries. Fix it.”
“Well, I mentioned how the colors were vibrant. It reminded me of this chaotic order. It was quite interesting and made me think. However, I do lean more toward structure. The other building had such a wonderful and well thought out design. Also the personal addition of a floor level dedicated to the kids, wins my favor.”
Supposed she had figured out for herself he wasn’t worth saving. After all her visits to his room had been few. It seemed recently she was always gone. He didn’t know why he expected her to stay.
“Oh?” Natasha grit. “You don’t just say oh. How could you not know Miles is allergic to oranges? He has been here for nearly half a year and I’m pretty sure Tony has everything that Miles can and cannot eat posted onto every surface of the kitchen.”
Where did things go so wrong?
Tony brought Miles into a hug and held him tight to his chest. He closed his eyes and focused on listening to the soft breathing of Miles’ in his ear and the way his small hands curled around his neck.
Bucky licked at Steve’s hand to get him to pull away.
Surely…
“So we’re just fine with Loki being here and not chained up. I mean I’m just you know pretty certain the last time we were all together it didn’t end well and it did end up with Loki chained up. Unless I’ve somehow transported to some alternate universe.”
And he kept talking, just pushing Steve closer to grabbing the nearest object and slicing his tongue on it so Ryder wouldn’t ever be able to speak again.
Harley looked at him solemnly. “I want to be a part of this.”
Tony laughed, sitting down near Miles who was still slowly eating his cereal.
“Bambino. What did I say about talking to strangers?” Tony said his heart beat already thundering loudly in his chest.
Isak stared at Steve, expressive eyes dulling for just a second. His eyes shifted to Bucky and Natasha who were at the two opposite corners, before his eyes found Steve’s again. He sighed, pinching the bridge of his noise and smiling self-deprecatingly.
He allowed a break to exist in his voice, faking emotion that he no longer held from the man opposite of him.
Ryder watched as Steve walked away with his bags in his hand. Ryder stayed silent. He didn’t expect Steve to come back and try fighting for Tony. He was sure that he had addressed all of Steve’s insecurities in that letter. He couldn’t have Steve fighting for Tony and letting Tony know that there was someone out there who actually loved him.
Steve narrowed his eyes. “Clint,” Steve bit out.
“Aww, such a disappointment. And here I was thinking you would finally let your hair down a little and let me play. Tony does after all, such a nice little plaything for us just getting him ready for Ryder…”
He looked back at Tony and it did nothing to lighten him up. If anything, it only served to show how pale he had gotten against the brightness of the once dull room. He walked and then stopped as though he was afraid that his closeness would break Tony.
“Okay, well how about his sugar momma?”
Ryder made a “well what can you do motion.”
“So, I am quite certain mine is the best,” Thor said finally, grabbing his building and placing it on the floor.
“Yes, you want baba to be strong, right?”
Steve?
Tony laughed. “Alright ladies. This has been all, but fun. I’m ready to leave. I can pay you whatever Ryder is paying and more.”
FRIDAY would have alerted him if something had gone wrong. At least that is what Tony tried telling himself. He went into the closet, remembering that Miles had suddenly developed an interest in seeing how high he could climb on the clothes rack shelf and stay there. The first time he had caught him hanging upside down on the hanger, Tony felt his heart beat out of his chest suddenly imaging all the different scenarios in which his small child would lose his grip.
“Oh! Come on did you not just see that,” Peter shouted at Principal Davis.
Tony sat down beside Miles, who was already brimming with excitement. Tony wrapped a hand around his son pulling him closer to him and sniff at his hair. Miles giggled softly and brushed his hands against Tony’s cheek.
“No, Tony that’s not silly. It’s okay to feel hopeful. I mean I’m not going to lie and say I’m Rogers’ biggest fan right now. However, I will admit that he’s…” Rhodey winced as though not wanting the following words to come out of his mouth. “Adecentguy.”
“Well, I’ll just have to tell Mr. Penguin that I missed him as well,” Tony said. “Have you been good, while I was gone?”
Winston looked at Tony and smiled. Ryder walked toward him and pulled him into a kiss. Tony watched on as his heart settled in the bottom of his stomach. Here he was being accused of wanting Steve, when Ryder was out here kissing a whole other man.
“Dreadfully so,” Ryder agreed clasping his brother on the shoulder. “Should we go baby brother?”
Pepper grinned and nodded. “I’ll pass that along.”
“Just meet me outside near the side of the house.”
He wanted to thank Steve for pretending to care. It was nice, even if it would never be real.
Steve could only blame himself if they wound up eating leftovers again.
Tony pretended to be disgusted as the two kids kept peppering him with kisses, but he was secretly delighted. Who was he to stop coming to his weekly visits? Ryder couldn’t keep him from the orphanage in fear that his heart would grow too big and he would want to adopt.
Isa paused as if allowing Steve to speak, but Steve knew she did not desire for him to say anything at all.
Rhodey looked confused for all, but a second before his expression smoothed out to one of sadness. Pepper reached out to hold Tony’s free hand, but he pulled it back sharply. Pepper suck in a breath, but let her hand stay on the edge of Tony’s bed.
“Oh, sorry,” she said looking at him.
Fury stepped in, just as Steve started taking great delight at the slumped figure on the ground. He wondered if he could wake it up to the sound of his fingers crushing. Just when he was about to step on his twitching hands, he was pulled outside of the room by Bucky.
A brief flash of regret passed her eyes, but Natasha refused to waver especially right now. “I did, but not to the point of Ryder being Mr. Mean Bad One. I thought he was cheating or something, but then I found nothing so I dropped it.  But still get in touch with them and let them know.”
“Tony,” Steve breathed, the impact on the story just increasingly pressing against his chest. How long had Tony had to keep all of this to himself? He wanted to know what on earth told Tony to stay or even give this man a second chance when he came back.
Look at him being a responsible adult.
“This has been a hard year, yeah?” She looked toward all of them as if drained by their mere presence. The others looked at each other in silent agreement. “Look, I am not putting the blame on you all. I understand that this was just a very unfortunate situation heightened by emotions.”
Tony’s eyes widened at the question. “Of course I like Ryder Pep. I wouldn’t be dating him, if I didn’t.”
Cali leaned over from her spot behind Tony and pushed the bottle away. “Miriam stop it. You’re chocking him. And you will not be sleeping with Mr. Stark. That was not in our instructions.”
“You don’t have to,” Steve replied swallowing down his need to tell Tony how much he wanted to stay, how much he needed to stay. “Tony…you don’t have to get it.”
“The Accords will be signed. Tony has reformed it, while keeping in mind your concerns. Listen when you have people in authority there has to be a means of keeping them checked. You will still have full agency over your actions, but there needs to be some sort of rules. The people normal day civilians are weary of an authority who can essentially do anything they want without repercussions. They have seen that played out in the past and it never seemed to go well for the normal citizen.”
Steve nodded as he went to follow Tony, but not before Bucky and Harley were making kissing faces at him. Steve internally hoped Tony wouldn’t turn away and see those faces or just how red Steve’s face had gotten.
He didn’t know where that crippling fear came from, but the past year had been a lot so it would just be the icing on the cake for his son to disappear right under his nose. He walked quickly to Peter’s room and softly opened the door.
“Julie, what are you doing out here?”
“Thanks,” Tony responded kissing Ryder soundly on the lips. “I’ll make it up to you. I promise.”
“This time?” she wearily questioned.
Listening to the beat of the heart monitor and Tony’s hand between his, Steve allowed his eyes to fall shut.
He grabbed his coat jacket and left his room. He quickly went to the kitchen hoping to briefly say hello to Tony, before he left. However, Clint who had just been leaving the gym, told him that Tony had left a few minutes ago. Steve held in his disappointment.
“Yes, I did,” Steve began leaning against the railing of the balcony. “How’s your night going?”
“Yes.”
“Yes, sir.”
When they finally found her, she came without much resistance. It seemed to most of them that Miriam had created for herself the idea that she was not in such a terrible situation. She smiled leeringly at Bucky as Thor was pulled her off the quinjet into her jail cell.
“Yeah, well you never know,” Tony told him. “But have fun on your date.”
“I know. You don’t have tell me.”
Silence passed. Tony’s brow furrowed at the question. Why did they have to ask? Couldn’t they just look at him and see that he was fine. He was fine. No, he was better than fine. They all found him. Ryder was out of his life. Case closed.
Rhodey crawled toward Tony and wrapped his arms around him. Tony fell easily into the embrace and rested his head on Tony’s chest. Tony found comfort in listening to the soothing thrum of Rhodey’s heartbeat.
The door roughly swung open, breaking them out of their warm glow to reveal a shy looking young girl. She fiddled with her glasses and looked hesitantly at the two adults.
“How is that helping him?” Steve asked honestly confused as to how that helped.
“Yes, you do! You’re a bed wetter,” Marley shouted and had by then lost her accent.
By the time they made it home it was already dark out, the sun long ago having been set. Happy pulled into the front of the Tower and parked. Tony rushed to get his seat belt off.
He looked at the bodies lying down on the ground. His breathing came out in harsh rasps and he felt his heart nearly ache to be out of his chest.
It was only a few minutes into their visit there that Natasha, Thor, Bruce, Sam, and Clint all had to leave. They said it was just some business they had to take care of and seeing how Tony was not yet cleared to go into active field duty, he decided to stay.
“Your baba cannot function without coffee. It gives him his super powers,” Natasha teased watching as Tony began to literally inhale his coffee.
Or maybe he did and he just chose not to focus on how he allowed himself to be put in this situation.
“This was a nice surprise,” Tony said raising himself on his toes to kiss Ryder on the cheek.
The two wrestled some more over the remote. Steve held Clint in a headlock just as his phone began vibrating again. He managed to still hold Clint, while answering the call.
“Uncle Tony,” Peter questioned, rubbing his eyes with the back of his hand.
“Alright Bucky, but please no more than two games. The boys need to get some rest. I’m taking Harley to go see his mom tomorrow morning and Miles had a bedtime.”
Steve looked at the both of them, eyesight blurred by tears. He nodded his head.
“Ugh, please leave all the lovey dovey stuff to yourself. It’s too early for this hallmark movie sweetness,” Bucky joked, making way to wash a cup.
Why couldn’t his own word count?
That broke Steve out of his thoughts.
Something must have given away in her expression because the next thing she knew there was a sharp exhale from Rhodey and the sound of Thor breaking the chair’s arm handle, he was sitting in.
“So what you’re going to court me now or something?” Tony said feeling off balance and wanting to gain some solid ground. So he hoped that he could quip some Tony Stark sarcasm into the conversation.
Ryder’s mouth kept moving and Steve tuned him out. His voice had only become a sort of aggravating buzz vibrating against his ear. He would let him talk his speed, but eventually fatigue would hit. His eyes were already dropping and his words were slurring.
It came up anyways.
“Good morning,” Tony smiled easily, leaning over to hug Harley.
“But I have to protect the family I have. So I’m begging please just please if you’re not going to be the family Tony needs you need to deny his offer to live at the Tower. I can’t see him go through this another time.” The toil of all of this unravels as a sob breaks through her chest. “I can’t. I won’t.” She brought her face down setting her jaw and straightened her shoulders.
“Peter,” Harley hissed, eyes widening. “We promised we wouldn’t do this.”
“I don’t do drugs. It’s what made my mom like this,” Harley admitted turning his face away. “I wanted to. I thought it’d bring me closer to her, but she told me she didn’t want me to end up like her. Said she didn’t want me dying of drug use like she is.”
“Not my fault. Those juice boxes were faulty.”
He felt a scowl settle on his face as he remembered just exactly why he was enacting this plan.
“And trust me I have no desire to die today,” she told him.
Everything just pointed toward Steve being the main person that wasn’t helping Tony. In order for Tony to move on, Steve needed to not be such a heavy presence in his life.
He had told him, “It’s bad enough that you and the kids know. Plus the SHIELD agents. That’s more people than I have ever wanted to-”
“Good at what?”
“I didn’t do anything. Besides you know I’m not a fan of my dad so whatever he did to you I had no part in it” Tony attempted explaining while trying to wiggle his way from underneath Ryder. He turned his wet eyes to Cali who was hiding behind Miriam. Cali caught his gaze briefly then turned to stare at the ear of another observer that Ryder had brought in.
“Nat, did you see that,” Clint said throwing the block right back.
“My dad left us, when I was younger. People said he was a good man, but how does a good man leave his family? So it was always just me and my mom.”
When he had first come in today, he was disheartened that he wasn’t met with Miles throwing himself into Tony’s arms. He wondered if he had been adopted. He wanted to push down the happiness he felt, when he realized that he hadn’t been.
Clint looked at her unwaveringly. Steve turned to him and for the first time saw just how much this experience had aged all of them in the 52 days that Tony had been missing. Clint blinked owlishly and fearfully, as though her answer would destroy him, if it wasn’t what he desired.
“I’m okay. It’s nothing I haven’t been through before. And for you I would do anything,” Steve admitted, grabbing the hand that Tony had on his face and brought it closer to him in order to kiss the fingers.
Tony stepped back and released the rings one by one each circling the bottles before landing on it. Tony straightened his shoulders and smiled at Jaime who looked amused as Steve looked on dumbfounded.
Steve comfortingly patted Natasha on the shoulder twice, before heading to Tony’s lab. That had been Peter’s place of comfort, since the news of Tony’s kidnapping. Steve had attempted in easing the concerns of the two teenagers by distancing themselves from the situation. Unfortunately, there was no way one could be distanced from having a noticeable gap in their lives. Pepper had been great in watching over Miles and Harley. She had decided that she could help by watching over the young boys, while maintaining SI business. News had gotten out that Tony had to cancel a lot of his upcoming meetings so she had to deal with that, on the added fear of knowing why he was really absent.
Isak only nodded. “Mhm, nice detective skills. I’m ambidextrous though…so. Nice try. Now as I was saying, maybe…just maybe the media would like to see how much of a whore your little teammate was. He probably got off on being reduced to that.”
He had to thank her incredible skills for not dropping the two glasses, nearly filled to the brim. She rolled her shoulders back and looked at Steve quizzically, before turning completely to him to speak.
So...you could all probably tell I just needed some way to get Wanda out of the story because she's not my favorite to write. So it was probably rushed. I love Sam, but I wanted to focus on this core group.
He was back in his dorm, when he got the news his parents died. He was back in Afghanistan, when he realized Yinsen was dead and wasn’t coming back. He was back in Siberia with a broken arc reactor and the knowledge that his…that Steve had hidden the truth about his parents’ death.
Steve kept repeating the honest words to him, hoping that Tony felt them. He had never felt those words so strongly, until now when he was saying them to the man he truly cherished and loved.
“A letter?” Natasha stated with a deadpan expression.
Steve nodded. Peter came back in with the coloring book and some crayons.
Tony bit his lip and nodded. “Yep.”
Natasha let out a breath of relief and seemed to have a little bit of tension leave her shoulders. Clint looked at everything and was probably noting the changes. Bucky silently took in everything all the while waiting for the resident genius to make his appearance. Steve was waiting for the same thing.
“You’ve been watching those hallmark movies with Tony haven’t you,” Steve smiled.
“Then stay. You’re protecting my hea…fuck just stay,” Tony said trying not to make it sound like he was pleading. “Stay Steve. I’ll give you two whole floors if you need space. If you really want to protect me, stay.”
Tony ignored the throbbing in his bottom lip and turned his back to Ryder. He didn’t want to know how long it had been. What good would that do?
“I want to have forever with you and so it hurts me, when you don’t feel the same. It hurts me, when I see you with other people even if you are just naturally flirtatious. It shouldn’t anger me so and I should not react to you in a violent manner. You’re right I shouldn’t have raised my hand at Miles. I hope you can forgive me like I can forgive you for cheating on me.”
“Punk,” Bucky said his lips tilting up in a smirk. “You know I’ve never seen you like this before.”
Tony thought.
were just gone,” Tony rasped. “But hey you didn’t mean to. My bad I should have thought about that small little fact.”
“Yes two cookies mister,” Tony said grabbing the cookie jar. He looked back to Bucky who suddenly looked so small in the kitchen.
“Mr. Stark and the others who have signed have gone to therapy. Though they set their own times, so it may not be as frequent as once a week because well people do get busy. Fortunately, it has helped though.”
“But she is here,” another girl said pointing behind Tony. Tony turned around to where she was pointing and smiled.
So Steve waited for Isa to come later that evening and gave her his signed document. Isa smiled brightly at him and immediately went to her phone no doubt beginning to call Tony. Steve had wanted to stay around and see if he could hear his reaction, but Clint had pulled him into a conversation of how he should save his marriage.
Bucky winced at that particular memory, remembering how he thought he was being so discreet. Newsflash he wasn’t, but honestly that was Sam’s fault. If he wasn’t so darn expressive and loud, but Bucky was 100% to blame seeing as how he could never keep his hands to himself. Sue him, his husband was fine.
Steve looked up for a moment and watched how Isak’s eyes darkened. Isak shifted in his seat and placed a hand firmly against his lap. He licked his lips and tried scooting closer in order to get a closer inspection of the pictures Steve was showing him.
“Do you want to stay with Tony?” Sam asked turning away from the disgusting image of Bucky eating that syrup soaked biscuit.
Natasha pressed a kiss against Tony’s cheek. “You’re the best.”
“I am not your caretaker. You can go out and get plums yourself. I have told you this many times. You can’t keep giving me a list of things to get at the store,” Sam growled lowly.
Fury smiled. “I wouldn’t, if I thought it wasn’t true. I’ll be back.”
Ned’s eyes widened before he smacked his forehead. “Of course. Dude that’s so cool.”
Steve looked up from his lap and focused his attention on Bucky.
, his subconscious once again interrupted.
Ryder glared back at him.
Tony wanted to rip the pleased expression right off of his face. The images that were supplied in his conscious were satisfying.
“Yes, you did. You begged for it. Everything that I gave you, you wanted it in waves. Don’t be shy in front of your friends. Certainly, a genius like you could remember pleading on his knees asking me not to leave.”
He looked toward Peter and then to Harley as though they had betrayed him. Tony couldn’t handle that look so with all the strength he had he reached out his hands and motioned for Peter to hand him Miles. Miles went willingly and settled on the spot beside Tony.
“But you are hurting me. You let this happen. If you love me, you wouldn’t do this,” Tony said laboriously that sentence taking every little bit of energy he had. His eyes fluttered close and his breath became low and even.
Sighing again, Tony decided he needed to do something besides stare at this ceiling all night. While he knew he could just as easily head back to sleep, he didn’t want to. He wrestled with himself a little longer, before he finally decided he’d just get up and grab a late night snack.
“No, sweetheart we won’t be gone. Tony we’re here and we’re going to help you now. Okay? Will you let me pick you up?”
Steve had never remembered Tony looking so empty…not since he left him in…
“Tony,” Rhodey said. “Your lover boy was getting a little dead looking so we all suggested he go home, take a shower, and get an actual good meal. He’s been watching over you, he hasn’t really taken time to look after himself. And if he gets to the point where all his energy is depleted he won’t be able to. So we told him we were on our way to visit you anyways and so he left with the others. They’ll all probably be back soon, maybe not Clint though. He had to visit his wife and kids.”
“How is Peter doing by the way?” Tony questioned as he followed Karen to the room Miles’ shared with four other boys.
“Maybe. But I knew he didn’t love me or even like me like that. So I just decided to start dating other people. I mean it was my second year in college and some of the students were eighteen and I had just turned sixteen, so it wasn’t that much of an age difference. I thought I was just doing what Ryder was doing.”
“Or I could’ve been doing drugs. And you just messed up my vibe,” the boy bit out.
“Natasha you can’t-”
“Actually, my little black widows are coming to visit Tony in five days, so how about we have them be the judges. The girls really missed you and would love to see you,” Natasha said, turning to watch Tony.
“Mhm,” Tony whispered. “Just want everything to be…” he trailed off, eyes drooping even more.
He wanted to start this off with a good start a chance to actually move forward.
He then took Ryder’s cuffed hands in his own.
“Having fun.”
“No, because those were nameless strangers,” Steve huffed, untangling the fairy lights from the box. “But Sam is also my best friend…one of whom I would like to never know what he likes to do sexually. Both of you are like brothers to me and it’s just…thinking about it makes me nearly want to gag.”
He just felt free. He finally felt something he never thought he could have again. He knew that Tony had a great deal to do with his progress in Wakanda. He wondered if the others knew about his part in all of this.
Ryder grabbed a pen from the flower adorned bowl and began to sign some papers. Steve tried looking to see what was on the papers he was signing, but after a deliberate covering of the papers by Ryder’s hand Steve went to look at Ryder instead.
His breath hitched and the fingers tracing circles on Steve’s knee stopped its movement. He fought hard to stop the string of memories now rushing to his head. He wanted to stop the associated pain gnawing in his heart. He didn’t want to go there. He turned his face into Steve’s chest, a certain sense of nervousness settling in his chest.
“And what of the driver now, assuming you had one bring you here?”
“Or maybe he didn’t do it quite right, in order to leave Tony satisfied. Maybe he needed a firmer touch,” Isak hinted. “And I suppose you could give him that, huh Steve. You weren’t jealous of Ryder in the sense that you wanted him, but you were jealous of what he did with Tony. You wanted to be that firm hand, huh?”
“That kid is fast.”
“Yeah, guess we will,” Steve muttered to himself.
“I never wanted any of you to get hurt,” Tony muttered falling back to rest against him again, this time his nose in the crease of Steve’s neck breathing in the scent of soap.
Sharon raised her eyebrow then smoothed her expression. “A little while ago. Ah, Senator Evans wanted to introduce you to his daughter. He said he’d like for her to intern at SI and was hoping she could introduce herself and maybe talk with you briefly.”
“I’m CEO,” Pepper said.
And he fell asleep at least for a little bit.
He walked over to the refrigerator and saw one picture had been added. He smiled at the picture, remembering when it was taken. Tony and Steve had just decided to go on their third date, something that Steve had been planning completely unbeknownst to Tony.
He turned back to Sharon and walked in front of her. Sharon glanced back and watched as Steve looked forlornly at Tony leaving. Steve quickly turned away when he saw Sharon’s assessing glare. When he turned back, both were gone. He sighed loudly, before going back to the table.
“Shh, it’s alright. I’m right here. I’m right here, Tony,” Steve said.
“So there’s no problems of me fucking you into the mattress that’ll it’ll be hard for you to walk straight for a little bit,” Steve teased.
“But Ryder maybe we shouldn’t…”
“Look, I know we have a lot to talk about. And I am honestly so sorry that I haven’t been answering your calls. But I’m at the carnival right now. So I’ll have to call you back. I’ll make it up to you I promise,” Tony answered hoping that Ryder would accept his apology.
Pepper stood from her chair and ran her fingers affectionately through Tony’s curling hair. She lent down and kissed his forehead, leaning back as Tony closed his eyes.
The unspoken word
Bucky noticed Steve made an aborted gesture to tilt his head at the sound of him laughing. He was thankful Steve hadn’t brought attention to it and at the same time he found it all very amusing. He almost wanted to say a joke and it was on the tip of his tongue.
Peter smiled nervously. “Not to eat them. But look Miles had already grabbed a cookie and stuffed it in his mouth. I didn’t even know how he got it.”
Steve looked at him, a bit of amusement warming his face. “That you did. I didn’t want to wake you up and I’m honestly surprised you managed to stay sleep during the whole trip back home.”
Nope, he was going to swallow his pride and…
Tony laughed softly into his spaghetti. He shared a soft glance with Steve, before the two returned their focus to their food. Tony had truly meant it, when he said he was starving. Steve at one point had to leave to fix Tony another serving, but he hadn’t minded not one bit. The two ate in comfortable silence. Steve spent some of his time watching as Tony’s eyes blinked rapidly as if trying to will himself awake. He slowly lost his grasp on his bowel and Steve gently eased it out of his hands.
“Alright thank you and I will be back with your drinks shortly,” Harry said and turned to leave.
Thanks.
Silence encompassed the room as the two thought about what Tony said. Rhodey was the first to speak.
“Buck,” Steve’s hoarse voice interrupted.
Miles looked at Steve and wordlessly pointed to the fruit snakes. Over the past few days the two had grown closer over their love of art. Miles had expressed a wariness to all of the Avengers. The only one he had latched onto had been Natasha. Anyone besides her and Tony he refused to engage with. However, that had changed four days ago.
Cali bit her lip and played with her fingers. “I can’t. Last time I get in so much trouble for letting you escape. And the driver that I sent you to, Ryder found out and he got punished more severely. I only got a light tap in comparison to his punishment.”
Bucky shrugged his shoulders. “Me too.”
“What?” Tony broke through just beyond thoroughly confused.
He looked over to Bucky to see how he was faring. Bucky looked straight back at him with the barest of smiles and knocked his shoulder into his.
“Well, I remember one time I came home to Tony sporting a bruise on his cheek and Howard telling him that Captain America would disapprove of Tony running rampant through the town doing as he pleased. And then he said Captain American would have done far worse to discipline him, he wouldn’t take that type of attitude from his fellow soldiers.”
Sam sighed and turned to face Steve. “Leaving doesn’t make things better Steve. It doesn’t make that ache go away. Leaving isn’t a good decision, when there is a chance to resolve things and to become better with one another. But the moment that the talking is over so are the chances of things being resolved…chances for you and Tony to have an honest and open conversation. You never gave Tony the opportunity and you did both of yourselves a disservice.”
“Sure,” Steve said.
Harley bounced excitedly on his feet and nodded. He never got what was the excitement over leaving school early because he always wanted to stay there longer. However, he also had a reason for not really wanting to go home. When Peter turned back giving a thumbs up, Tony grinned.
“Steve!” Tony choked out a burst of laughter.
At night time, when he was alone he broke.
“Shut up!” Steve said, covering his mouth. “Did you forget there are children still helping us set up and I would like not to give the sex talk to Miles so young, seeing as how you’re the reason Tony and I had to awkwardly put together a PowerPoint for Harley.”
His eyes fell shut.
Tony smiled warmly and patted Harley on the shoulder. “Of course Harley. Look I’m sorry I left unannounced. I should have set things up so you could still see your mom, while I was away.”
Ryder rolled his eyes and burrowed back into the covers. “Yeah. Go have fun at your meeting.”
Cali’s grip tightened on the phone as she brought it closer to Tony. Tony’s eyes kept fluttering even though he tried keeping himself awake.
“Ryder,” Tony answered placing his phone down again. He wanted to put it on silent, but he never knew just who might actually need to reach him.
“I’m not sure,” Ryder’s breathe caught.
Tony looked up as he heard the sound of pants meeting the floor. Winston was now straddling Ryder’s lap. Ryder smirked and attached his lips to Winston’s neck, while directly looking at Tony. Winston’s head lolled back in satisfaction and then he turned his face to meet Tony’s.
“You’ll tell me.”
When he woke up, he noticed two things. Winston was gone and his hands had been tied up.
“I suppose he had some success with Tony, huh? Is this why you had me called here? Did you want me to somehow tell him how Ryder loved him and would want him to move on? I am sure that his sudden death would have left a heavy burden on his heart, if they had engaged in a serious relationship. Though I shouldn’t presume they were involved. Tell me Steve, was my brother happy in this relationship should he have been with Tony?”
“Wanna fly like you baba!” Miles laughed and without a second glance he jumped off of the refrigerator-
Sam smiled guiltily.
Tony laughed inwardly. Miles was nowhere near being five. He had only turned four three months ago, but ever since Sally started saying she was seven and two quarters, Miles began telling people he was almost five.
Steve looked down and was about to tell Tony to breathe, but Tony kept going.
“Let’s just say he won’t be driving anyone or himself ever again or speak,” Cali muttered then winced. “But I’m here to check your wounds. If you can just lie down, I can…”
“More like annoyance,” Tony mumbled.
“Stark,” Natasha said.
“No, you are teaching those kids your ways in like a PG rated version and I am still terrified.”
“Whether or not I can apologize on behalf of my brother. I understand that the two of us look fairly alike and it may be easier for him to move on,” Isak explained voice tinged with pity. “I am certain that if I explained that I suffered the same mental trauma from my brother and healed from it, your Tony could find it in himself to heal as well.”
Miles copied the same exact statement and even crossed his arms.
“So Tony finally going to tell us what’s so great about the Accords or are you going to hide off in your lab again and wish all of this away,” Clint sneered.
“Okay so where do I start?” Tony questioned, laughing dryly.
“Agreed.”
“Ryder please,” Tony broke through as Ryder’s lips ghosted over his.
Tony was certain he was yelling all of this. His hands felt like they were inches away from the doorknob, when he knew that he had only made it inches from his bed.
“So seeing as though it isn’t my birthday please tell me what this is for,” Tony said brushing his hair back.
Steve’s mind immediately began to filter in and out everything that Tony told him about Ryder. The malice he felt thrumming inside of him needed to come out. Hot breaths came out of his lips and he clenched his teeth so hard that pain trickled into his jaw.
“They didn’t…don’t know,” Tony whispered into the palm of his hand.
All three boys voiced their disagreement over this arrangement, but was promptly silence by Principal Davis clearing his throat.
Pepper was about to speak up or either hit Rhodey again in the shin, but Leauna came by their table handing them refills on their drinks. Tony asked for the check, but Leauna waved her hand dismissively at him.
He searched his eyes to see, if Tony would give him the answer of what he wanted. All he needed was the resolution that Tony would prefer Ryder dead and he would go back and do it, forget the consequences of marring his All-American innocent persona…those who even still believed in that image were fooling themselves.
Of course with his dear old dad and his saying of “Stark men are made of iron” that hadn’t gone over much well. So he kept everything bottled up, until Pepper and Rhodey suggested he try therapy after his kidnapping in Afghanistan.
Ryder looked at him. “You know that I would be really disappointed, if you are lying to me Tony.”
Harry went toward their table with their food and drinks. Looking at them, he noticed they had a somber attitude. He knew he certainly didn’t leave them like that.
By the time Steve had settled on one of these conversation starters, Tony had drifted off to sleep beside him. Steve sighed and tilted his head back. Okay, moment lost. But he would get another one soon. Steve settled into his spot and tried ignoring how Tony’s sock clothed feet kept pressing against his thigh every time he moved.
Steve’s body completely froze and a burning red anger surged within him. He didn’t know how he crossed the room. He swore that his vision went black for a moment because the next thing he knew he felt bone crush under his hand. He noted with a level of dissatisfaction that it hadn’t sent him unconscious.
“Bucky was brainwashed. You’re doing this on your own sick fucking accord,” Tony felt the need to defend. “And I certainly don’t love you. I never did and I will never forgive
He sat down in the chair and grabbed ahold of Tony’s hand, the one that didn’t have an IV drip stuck in it. He ran his fingers over the cooling skin of Tony. He remembered how cold Tony had been. He then took of his jacket that Pepper had brought back from the tower.
He wasn’t going to question their actual thought process and wonder just what had happened.
“I’m not going to make you leave Tony nor am I going to leave,” Steve said shifting so that Tony could lay even further down on him.
When that was over the two went back to their spots on the floor and Steve began to bandage Tony’s hands.
“Looks like you have a little actress in the making,” Tony whispered to Karen.
Thanks again to everyone who commented, gave a kudo, and left a bookmark. You all continue to make my day :)
Clint raised an eyebrow at him. “Where are you off to this early in the morning? And don’t try telling me you’re off to go for your morning run because I’m pretty sure your clothes aren’t appropriate for running.”
“You’re welcome.”
“Somethings wrong,” Wanda quickly said causing their whole table to stop whatever they were doing and turn toward her.
Tony stretched into the touch and his heart thundered with how he wanted to keep this forever. He was right for not telling Rhodey. He would have missed out on
But shouldn’t he at least try? After all wasn’t the main reason he was in this position was because he didn’t try?
Now he knew why Natasha really wanted him to come to Karen’s. For a moment he tried hiding in Karen’s, but Karen merely raised her eyebrows and directed him elsewhere.
“So yeah he left, but…he was the only one who ever came back,” Tony muttered.
“Webbing it up,” May announced. “Hey, stop laughing. I’m serious. He’s on break now so he’ll have more time to web it up and I’ll be out trying to outsource to a Eerin’s Media and selecting optimal media platforms for my them to use. Like seriously you can literally google how to appropriately determine the best combination of media to achieve your marketing campaign objectives. But nooo I have to fly out to Utah, while my nephew is here webbing it up and missing his curfew.”
Tony held a sleeping Miles in his arms as he was lead to their seats. May looked back at him to make sure he hadn’t gotten lost. She led them to the middle section of the gymnasium, where there were still some available seats. May sat down beside Tony with Miles situated in the middle.
Ryder had a moment to open his mouth and Steve knew enough from everything today to realize that he had heard enough. His foot came crashing against the back of Ryder’s head, effectively rendering him only unconscious.
Ryder looked at him now completely unclothed and motioned him to come to the bed. On shaky legs Tony walked over to the bed and sat down on it. He tried covering himself, but Ryder shook his head.
With hesitation lacing his body, he blinked his eyes open. They settled on the darkness first then to the source of light coming from his windows. He breathed out a sigh of relief. He craned his neck to pinpoint more familiar points in his room.
He had no tomb to kneel over and offer flowers, but he had this silent moment here in the room he felt the safest in.
“I should’ve known then, you know. I should’ve realized that a friend doesn’t pull stunts like that, but I didn’t. And then it was back to how it all was before. That was a thing of the past. He was just helping me,” Tony said. “So I let it go.”
All the while Tony’s thoughts circulated in his head, a frown was marring his features. Bucky assumed all of this was directed toward him and Steve leaned forward to rest a heavy hand on Bucky’s shoulder.
In short. I’m handling that. Natasha and Clint are on their way.
Steve stayed on the floor and allowed everything that Bucky was saying just sink into his mind. Immediately, Tony eyes bright with tears came to the forefront of his mind. He watched as his eyes dimmed and he could feel that desperation…that need to go back as soon as he had grabbed his bags and left the tower.
He wanted to tell him that his smile made him want to curl in the warmth that it offered around him. He wanted to tell him that look he has, when he’s just woken up and seems confused makes Steve want to gather him in his arms and kiss him until he’s fully awake. He wanted to tell him that he loves seeing how at ease he is with Miles. He wanted to tell them that his compassion and servant heart for others makes Steve desire him in a way that is foreign to him.
“Okay, while the children are at play let us show you our-” Wanda began, but was interrupted by Sam who head had been tucked under Thor’s.
Harley’s bottom lip trembled and tears openly poured down his cheeks. He pulled the covers up further underneath his chin. Steve stayed rubbing a hand over his back until he had exhausted himself so much he feel asleep.
“What Rhodey?” Tony screamed. “What do you want to hear from me? You want me to tell you I blame Bucky for everything that has gone wrong in my life? You want me to tell you how I still have nightmares of Rogers raising his shield to me? I can’t fucking get that out of my head and every time I see him I can’t stop seeing myself in Siberia. But everyone wants to wish this away because it’s too hard to deal with. That’s what we do Rhodey. We push things around until they’re not seen anymore. So no I am not going to be that emotional person on the team. Natasha had already placed Tony Stark not recommended. I do not need to give her anymore reasons to think I’m not fit.”
