The sensation was nothing he ever felt before. Sherlock moved his hips, and at the right spot, John clutched at Sherlock’s shoulders, muttering, “Yes, Sherlock—harder…harder Sherlock!” Sherlock leaned forward slightly, still holding onto John, and bucked his hips forward harder and harder, until both were mumbling incoherently.
thing, I kinda really want you to see if you can guess the password. So the password is now not in the living room” John said. Sherlock looked at him in confusion. And then he realised
Sherlock Holmes was bored. He was on a case, but a rather boring one. He had nothing else to do and so that’s how he found himself undercover as part of the cleaning service of some hotel. But to prove the crime-simple money laundering-he had to actually
He took another sip of beer and glanced downward at the empty street. He then looked up at the sky, which was slowly turning from dark blue to early morning gray as the sun rose. He had booked a hotel room on the 8
“I wanted to first see if the mouse had a certain spot where it liked to…sleep...forget it just let me catch it alive.”
Sherlock nodded, threading his fingers through John’s hair as John began speaking, unsure at first. He told Sherlock about his nightmares about the war. Soon the two were relaxed, John slowly falling asleep.
John looked away, embarrassed from the events of last night, but nodded, quietly responding, “Fine…I feel fine…”
“No…I know your voice. And those things you noticed…that was like…” And it finally dawned on the man. “Do you work with the police?”
“I…” John started, confused now completely evident on his face and in his tone. “I’m happy if that’s what’s concerning you.”
John looked at Sherlock with a resigned look on his face. “I wanted some of my favorite biscuits only to find a bloody hole in the back of the box and only crumbs left.” He said, becoming more frustrated.
John breathed deeply before responding. “Well yes-yes…but why-why don’t we get back to the flat first…” He gasped slightly as Sherlock finished unbuttoning his cardigan and shirt, his cold hands dragging along his chest, sending shivers throughout his body. He could feel his cock become fully erect and knew Sherlock’s was too for the detective was breathing faster now, his fingers slightly scratching John’s back underneath his clothes.
I'm so sorry for the wait, but here you go. I've now published everything I've written so it may take a bit longer in between updating.
Everything was going pleasantly until one day while out walking Marie was Sherlock put to the test. Marie suddenly began running away, causing Sherlock to lose the leash and having to chase down Marie through London. John followed as swiftly as he could and when he finally did catch up, Sherlock was yelling viciously at a young teen who was yelling back and holding Marie. When John was within earshot he heard the preteen yell for his mother and saw him turn around where a couple and young girl were walking fast up to the boy.
“I’m just—We’re out of milk…and I know you like milk in your tea. So I’m just going to the store. I won’t be long.”
John woke up the next morning, with a terrible headache and a painfully empty stomach. He sluggishly made his way to the bathroom to find himself staring back at him through the mirror and the sight was not what he had expected. The man in the mirror was unpleasant-looking, with dark circles under his eyes, his skin paler than it’s ever been, and his cheekbones and chin were jutting dangerously out. His depression, anxiety, and nightmares were etched across his face. Before realization dawned on him, his stomach cramped and whatever was left in his stomach made its way up causing John to be sick into the sink. After a few dry heaves, John rinsed out his mouth and without a second glance at the mirror, he limped his way back to bed.
Once in, the sound of attention-seeking dogs engulfed John’s attention. The dogs all ranged from young to old, from miniature to almost pony-size and they all peered from behind expensive-looking cages.
“Oi! Sherlock!” John yelled as he was shoved into a cab. Sherlock remained silent, apart from barking their address at the cabbie and on the way, sat ramrod straight, tapping his fingers restlessly.
John huffed, his face reddening even more. He continued to rock his hips, as Sherlock bucked his hips forward, stroking his cock.
John’s face flushed with embarrassment but kept silent for a moment, trying desperately to think of an explanation.
“Sherlock.” John finally spoke, embarrassed and angry. He leaned forward, resting his face on Sherlock’s shoulder.
When morning came, John felt the effects of last night. For one, his arse was rather sore. His legs too. Stretching, he felt his back tighten. Huffing, he yawned, his cheeks reddening slightly as he remembered in detail of last night. However, the pleasant memories were interrupted by Lestrade yelling close by.
John rolled his eyes as he dropped his soaked jumper-the striped one which happened to be Sherlock’s favorite-and moved onto his jeans. “You-You need to get out of those damp clothes. You’ll warm up qu-quickerr.”
Sherlock Holmes was sitting in the waiting room of Bart’s Hospital as the man, John Watson was his name, was being evaluated. He had been waiting for almost an hour and hoped he would get to see John. He was worried about what this meant for them because there was something he couldn’t understand that he had with the man and he wanted to see what that something was. A doctor walked towards Sherlock, who immediately stood up. The doctor went on explaining John’s condition and how he would be transported to a rehab facility and he was in no condition at the moment to been seen by anyone other than immediate family. Sherlock let out a noise of annoyance but understood and went to set up a visitation time with John.
“Wait, well no not exactly. I mean they do just further prove that the killer was against her because of her choices in home décor but why go to all that trouble?”
“Ah, good morning John!” Sherlock exclaimed, drying his hands as he walked forward, placing a kiss on John’s cheek.
He started humming the words; familiar with the beat they give but unsure where they come from. It wasn’t until he realized what he was humming under his breath:
There was a shot of cold air suddenly, startling John from his content state. He blinked opened his eyes and titled his head up slightly, catching an eyeful of the detective, currently undressing.
Once escorted out, Sherlock and John looked at each and began to laugh even louder, bystanders staring at the two men who clung to each other as they began to walk home.
Lestrade was seething at Sherlock as Sherlock calmly explained what happened, ‘forgetting’ the part of them breaking in. John stood by, calmly watching the officers do their job.
“John…I need to feel you here, now, where we’re both cold and wet and-and seeing you…like this…I don’t know…I just—” Sherlock stuttered, his sentence cut off but John placing a finger over his lips.
“Sorry.” Sherlock said as he stepped in with John, capturing John’s lips, prohibiting him from speaking.
John didn’t mind the cold. Sure, it could be irritating when his flatmate/partner forgets to tell him about the heating bill, and he’s stuck for two days with no heat and he has to sleep in three layers of clothing.
Sherlock nipped at John’s lips in return, and then moved his lips along his jaw, down his neck and stopped at his shoulder. He began licking and sucking while he moved his hands along John’s backside. He was already loving John’s naked body and wanted to see him more. After a clear love bite, Sherlock pulled back, and looked into John’s eyes.
Sherlock looked up. “I thought it was fairly obvious.” He said, his lips pink and swollen. He bent forward, nipping and kissing underneath John’s chin as he moved his hands to the buttons of John’s cardigan.
“Mhm, we should—do that—“ John tried to answer back, but Sherlock’s strokes were becoming tighter and faster.
“Sometimes. Not as frequent, but we did sort of experiment…but the sex after a nightmare is more…simple. It’s more focused on pleasuring each other than just experimentation.”
John smiled, “Okay.” He moved towards Sherlock unbuttoning his shirt, slightly to reveal his neck and collarbone. He then began to apply the sunscreen.
Once there, the two were seated in the waiting room and soon they were in the office of John’s therapist.
“Er…sirs, I was asked to escort you both out of the building.” The man said awkwardly, having been told about the two men being publicly indecent together much earlier but did not have the courage to interrupt.
“Sherlock.” John said for the third time as he followed the detective into a warehouse. It was dark now, John swearing at himself for not thinking to bring a flashlight. “Sherlock.” He said again, when he got no response.
“You are all imbeciles! Seriously! If you had listened to me in the first place none of this would’ve happened!” The tall man went on. And on. And on. John began growing impatient, wanting to ask the female officer if there was someone, a counselor of some sort, to talk to, but the tall man kept going on, causing officers, including the one John had talked to, pull annoyed faces and mutter words that John couldn’t hear. The tall man weaved his way through the crowd like a child who had too much sugar and bumped into John multiple times. After the fourth shove by the tall man, John lost his patience completely and snapped.
I kiss you and initiate sex after a nightmare? Because if I focus on you and on pleasuring you then I will forget the nightmare. I’ll forget the blood, and the screams and I always am able to sleep afterwards. I know that’s not what I should do, but it’s all I
Sherlock smirked, but nodded. He and John made their way to the cab waiting, the two men trying to hide their aroused state.
“Sher-” John started. “This…this is crazy! You-you really want to…I mean…oh fuck it.” John launched forward, pulling Sherlock down into a kiss. Sherlock gasped, as John ravaged his mouth. The two kissed roughly, Sherlock moving his hands to John’s arse, squeezing it.
irritated him. At least not to the point of ignoring said flatmate as he listen to Lestrade yell at Sherlock for being “stupid” and “running off to fuck-knows where”.
“I’m embarrassed and annoyed that I didn’t recognize you as that man who punched me two months ago but I think that’s because you hide him. You keep that strong, military side of yourself hidden…not on purpose but because you think that that man you are isn’t needed…but I could use a friend like that…I don’t have any friends either.
Once John was fully seated, they took a second and Sherlock nodded. John breathed as he rocked against Sherlock, Sherlock’s hands wrapping tightly against his waist. John burrowed his face into Sherlock neck as he rocked his hips.
John licked his lips again. “We cant...we really can’t...” He tried to say, stepping back slightly. “Oh fuck Sherlock...we...cant...we need to be quiet.” He said under his breath as he nearly sprinted to Sherlock, crashing them both onto the cot.
When they broke apart, they giggled, and relaxed into each, John’s arms around Sherlock’s neck, Sherlock’s arms tightly held John’s waist and they kissed again, this time much more passionate, tasting each other, their breathing turning ragged, and a few more tears may have leaked.
The second time John woke up it was almost seven at night. He stretched, his hangover nearly gone along with the headache, but his whole body ached and his stomach was still aching and empty. He reluctantly got out of bed and limped his way to the bathroom only to be greeted with the same sight of him from earlier. He took a deep breath; not wanting to accept this was his life he slowly prepared for a shower. It was in the shower that the realization on his finally dawned on him. He wanted to die. The scary, unsettling realization made him feel sick but the idea of ending his misery was enough for him to turn the shower off and slowly but effectively dry off and put on some cleaner clothes.
“John, do I need to remind you I have a finger up your arse.” Sherlock said, his breathing hitching slightly. He moved his finger inside John, brushing slightly against his prostate. John squirmed as small amounts of pleasure erupted through him.
“Sherlock?” John asked softly. He said it. He finally told Sherlock he was in love with him and now the git was startling frozen, not moving, not even facing him. “Sherlock?” John said again, growing more and more anxious as seconds ticked by.
“Lestrade!” The woman called instead of replying. Soon after her shout, a familiar man appeared behind her.
John nodded, biting his lip as Sherlock repositioned himself closer to John, pushing in a second finger.
John accidently laughed at Lestrade’s shocked face, quickly trying to cover it up. Sherlock smirked at Lestrade.
John woke with a start; he had been sleeping relatively peacefully only for the loud bang of the door leading to the hallway to bring him to complete alertness. He got up quickly, grabbing his cane, holding it up over his shoulder as he easily made his way through the bathroom and out into the hallway. He peaked from the bathroom, not seeing anything for it was late evening, the sun having already gone down, and no lights were on. He heard whispering from the sitting room and made his way along the wall very quickly but quietly. He saw a shadowed figure peering at the kitchen table and knew he had to do something. With a burst of adrenaline, John stalked out of the shadows, bringing his cane down hard onto the intruder’s back. He then swung again, smacking the stranger in the face, emitting a choked sob from the man, as more voices appeared from the front of the flat.
She quirked an eyebrow. John huffed and looked away. “I’ve been having nightmares. And I…I don’t deal with them properly.”
“Sherlock listen to me. The words on the bookcase. It’s from a fairytale.” John sputtered out as he was catching his breath.
John nodded, unable to speak coherently, and he crashed his lips against Sherlock, and soon after, he was coming, a cry muffled by Sherlock’s hand. Sherlock then came, white hot pleasure erupting in his body.  The two rode out their orgasms, clinging onto each other.
John smiled and tilted his head. Sherlock took the hint and leaned forward, placing his lips on John’s, hard enough to emit his promise. That whatever happens he’ll be there for John, as he is for him.
Sherlock spent the next 3 hours at the table in the kitchen working on an experiment that he was slowly losing interest in. After ruling this experiment tedious, Sherlock began cleaning things up silently.
“Johnny!” Bill exclaimed, pulling John upwards into an enormous hug. A brunette stood politely behind him, her cheeks flushed, as she looked John and Sherlock up and down.
When John and Sherlock entered the ballroom, John immediately saw his army buddies, Bill and Charlie. He waved back at them, pulling Sherlock along.
Sherlock looked over at John once to make sure he was indeed alright, and then turned back to Lestrade.
“Sure.” John said. Sherlock went slowly as he pulled off John’s jacket, followed by his jumper and the button up underneath, leaving John in a white t-shirt.
Sherlock didn’t respond, but made his way below deck. John, his worry bubbling, threw Greg and Molly an apologetic glance, and followed Sherlock.
“In a minute.” Sherlock called from the bathroom. John rolled his eyes, Sherlock’s grooming always taking much longer.
John, having missed the smirk on his partner’s face, looked over the breakfast. The food was still steaming, and so he let it go.
Although the tension had left the room, John had one question for Sherlock that would allow John to not worry about his future.
John gently let go Sherlock’s softening cock as he licked at the mark he made under his ear. Sherlock hummed at the gentleness, kissing the mark he left on John’s neck.
John was now right up to Sherlock, their noses brushing slightly. He tilted his head up slightly, silently asking Sherlock if this was okay, and received a slight nod from him. John stood on his toes, brushing his lips softly against Sherlock’s. They stood there for a couple seconds, only their lips touching, not moving any inch when the feeling of John’s lips on Sherlock’s snapped him out of the shy, quiet state, and he leaned forward, his arms wrapping around John, pulling him closer. Their lips began moving together, starting out slow, but quickly picking up pace and they began battling for dominance when John was practically picked up off the floor, and Sherlock stumbled forward, ending up with John lying on his back on the table with Sherlock over him, catching his breath.
He moved to Sherlock neck, sucking and biting as Sherlock squirmed underneath him, his hands struggling to pull off John’s life vest.
“Sherlock…” John simply said, his voice rough. The two men loosened their grasp on each other, John lowering Sherlock to the ground to zip himself back up. When their eyes met, their cheeks flushed, the two men burst into giggles, nearly falling into each other.
“Oh, he’s just someone we consult with for certain cases. Apparently he knew the previous four victims were murdered and hadn’t committed suicide like we had thought and he was rather pissed to find that the case was solved before he could get to it.”
John didn’t respond, but sat on the edge of the bed, his hands clasped together tightly, his eyes still on the floor, his jaw clenching.
The man let out a soft laugh. “No it didn’t...and I honestly can’t tell you why I’m here…I just feel so...alone.” The man finished, giving up on holding back his tears.
Sherlock moaned loudly against John’s neck, gripping his arse tightly as he too came, riding through the pleasure.
The rudeness was not what John expected from professionals, and the cold expression on Sherlock’s face was beginning to upset him. He knew Sherlock could be blunt and cold to others, but its not as if these people were nice to him to begin with.
John walked down into the living room of 221B to find Sherlock sitting at the desk, his eyes fixed on not his, John’s, computer.
“Here, just come here Sherlock.” John spoke quietly, sitting down. He wrapped some towels and then as Sherlock sat down next to him, he scooted closer, practically sitting in Sherlock’s lap.
John smiled slightly more. “Because we’re idiots. We’ve only known each other for two months and yes they were very complicated months and we did spend almost every minute together in a rehab center and we do have this…well I ‘d like to think we have this connection, but we forgot to talk about it. You just asked me to move in with you when I said I was being discharged. We didn’t even talk about it or how it’ll affect me, the new change in…everything. We just did it. And I’m glad we did Sherlock. But I think we need to slow down….”
The father simply handed Sherlock pictures of what appeared to be Marie, some dating back to Christmas, 5 months ago.
John made his way through the park. He just had a conversation with his old pal Mike Stamford and he was currently in a rather depressing mood. Seeing Mike brought up many memories of being a med student and having the ability to use those skills. Now, he was a 32-year old crippled man who was jobless and alone. John continued his way back to his crappy bedsit, dangerous thoughts growing in his mind.
Sherlock, although cold, was feeling John’s naked skin against his and couldn’t help but get slightly aroused from the contact. And to his embarrassment, John noticed.
It turned out really easy. Borderline idiotic. The killer was an intern who had worked for Emily Bass and despised her. He and his girlfriend, Isabelle, wanted to ruin her. But when he had devised a plan to actually kill Ms. Bass, Isabelle threatened to tell the police, so he killed her by hitting her in the head. He then scratched her back with knives. Then he killed Ms. Bass. Really idiotic Sherlock had thought. The only unique aspect was the killer’s odd obsession with Disney songs.
It wasn’t until 20 minutes later did John realise the cabbie wasn’t taking him to the park. He knocked on the glass and spoke, his voice cracking.
“I don’t know Sherlock! I don’t know…” John snapped, shoving himself off of Sherlock and swiftly walking to the bathroom, slamming the door.
“John I, I don’t do sentiment….” He began, looking up at John which he immediately regretted. John’s face looked like it was breaking and he didn’t want to see that happen so he quickly finished his thought, “John I do, I want to continue, I don’t know how to explain what I’m feeling so I started out slow but I’m sorry…don’t get mad….John I…” His rambling was caught off by John who had let out a breath of relief and had placed his hands on either side of Sherlock’s’ face.
Lestrade looked at Sherlock. “Sherlock, I cannot have you bringing civilians into crime scenes. Especially this one, given it’s a high-profile one.”
“Ugh, John! What do you want me to say!?” He yelled, jumping out of his chair. The sudden movement and loud noise didn’t catch John off guard however and he merely glared at Sherlock while he kept shouting. “What do want me to say? Uh John? What? Yes, I had a dog and he was the only friend I ever had, well until you of course. But I got attached and he was ALWAYS THERE FOR ME JOHN… ALWAYS, THEN HE GOT SICK….THEN HE…” Sherlock couldn’t finish the sentence, he was breathing heavily and his eyes and cheeks were wet. He looked down at his hands to see them shaking and back at John whose glare evaporated into a look of immense concern. Sherlock, exhausted by all this sudden emotions stumbled forward to John and crumbled in front of him, his head resting in John’s lap and his hands clutching at John. He was shaking uncontrollably, his breathing uneven.
He pulled back to see Sherlock’s face go through a series of emotions. First he was smirking, then he was genuinely worried, and then a small smile formed on his face.
“Sherlock, I don’t—oh fuck.” John gasped, swinging his head back against the stretcher as Sherlock had swifly pulled John’s jeans down, revealing his cock pocking out from under the red panties.
Sherlock, clearly noticing the man tense up at the arrival of the emergency vehicles, began speaking a bit urgently.
“Mhm, right, okay, lets go.” Sherlock said, blinking. He turned away and bounced down the stairs with John right behind him.
“You’re an army doctor, recently returned from either Afghanistan or Iraq. You were wounded but not in the leg but in the shoulder and yet you feel pain in your leg so it’s a psychosomatic limp you have which your therapists does not see. You are extremely depressed and have a hidden gun in your waistband underneath your coat and were on your way to kill yourself when you got into the ill-fated cab. You are suicidal but are not going to kill yourself any time soon now for an unknown reason, and you were just going to ask Sergeant Donavan for a recommendation of a counselor. Am I wrong?”
and even though John thought he should pay attention to what Sherlock was going on about, the words he heard thrown at the detective were getting on his nerve.
I have added a few tags and also I am not an expert in therapy or in PTSD treatment; the following is just what I imagined would happen.
“Oh, well, I need to see if the professor’s shoes actually match the footprints obviously. They’re the same size but I need to see if he still kept the shoes. There would probably be mud on them along with some blood.”
“Leave it.” Sherlock breathed it. “Just unbutton it. I want to feel you and we have about 5 minutes until a guard comes around to check on us.”
And so it went on. John Watson grew up, dated loads of women, rarely any serious enough to ‘meet the parents’ and had three rather long serious relationships with three different men. His parents only ever hearing about his ‘girlfriends’. John Watson kept that one secret though, deep down and never told his parents, never planned on telling them, that he was bisexual.
“OH! You’re blushing,” Sherlock deduced, “which means it must be something not repeatable, something that should be said in private-“
When Sherlock broke for air, his eyes were stinging. Blinking and breathing rapidly, he looked around him for John.
where I need to go!”  He shouted, the tall man stopped in his tracks. The man turned towards John who was leaning heavily on his cane. The man’s eyes swept down John as if examining him and without hesitance began yelling his observations rather quickly.
“Seriously Sherlock. Lets brush our teeth and you can take care of this for me in the shower.” He said, placing Sherlock’s hand onto his erected cock.
“Yes, okay…” Sherlock muttered, shuffling to get the lube out of his coat pocket. Once he found it and covered his fingers and cock with a generous amount, he was only able to get a finger into John when John froze.
Sherlock smiled in return, and the two made their way back to Baker Street hand in hand with Turing, a young, jack russell terrier trailing right behind.
The two men stood there, their lives now completely changed and for the better. And as John kept his head up, Sherlock bit his lip before leaning down slightly. John got the hint, stood on his toes and his smile grew wider as Sherlock placed his lips onto his. The kiss was light, but so full of love and promise, both men may have let a few tears escape this time.
“Sher-Sherlock!” He cried out, his orgasm rushing through him. He rocked his hips into Sherlock’s mouth as he rode his orgasm out.
“Sherlock!” He called again, excitement on the edge of his voice. He went to the kitchen and found it is the exact state he left it this morning; apart from the discarded microscope and broken slides scattered across the table, the floor, as well as something foul-looking sitting in a bowl left in the sink. His mood wasn’t distinguished however as he turned around and made his way to the sitting room to find Sherlock sprawled across the sofa, face turned towards the wall, still has a statue. “Sherlock-” John started again, only to be cut off by Sherlock.
John let out a sigh and leaned forward slowly, pressing a much more promising and sensual kiss on to Sherlock’s lips. Sherlock responded, relived for the conversation to switch topics and returned with much promise.
“Could we step outside for a moment?” John said, tensely. Sherlock’s answer caught in his throat, so he nodded. John pulled him along, completely ignoring the distasteful stares he got from the surrounding crowd.
“You…are mine….” John said, his voice wavering slightly as Sherlock licked his neck before nipping slightly.
The man, clearly surprised at the relaxed tone Sherlock was using, didn’t answer right away. He let out a shaky breath and when Sherlock thought he would answer, he didn’t.
John nearly melted when he looked into Sherlock’s eyes. He huffed again. “Okay...be quiet though.” He pulled back to easily pull down his jeans and pants enough to free his cock. It took some maneuvering, but John was able to get his cock in contact with Sherlock, the two men gasping as John increased the friction.
“I…sorry…” Sherlock stared, blushing furiously. Before he could get off however, he looked down at John who was as red as a tomato, his gaze averted anywhere but at Sherlock. “John…”
The two remained where they were, their faces slowly inching towards each other, noses brushing. When their lips meant, their breathing hitched, and before either of them of knew it, they each leaned in further, tasting each other and mapping out each other’s mouths. The kissing turned ravenous, their hands moving up and down trying to feel each other’s skin underneath the life-vests. Before they could go any farther, Molly’s voice popped out from the top of the stairs.
John followed and was about to speak when Sherlock pressed level 8, instead of the first level. They were on level 7.
Sherlock fumbled slightly as he pulled himself out of his trousers and pants. He wiggled slightly and then his naked cock came into contact with John’s arse, causing John to moan slightly.
Sherlock then practically leapt back onto John’s lap, the bed creaking in response. Their cocks touched and both men let out moans of pleasure. John grasped both their cocks and began stroking them together while they met at the lips again.
The two kissed lazily, their lust increasing quickly. Sherlock moaned against John’s lips as John moved his hands to Sherlock’s trousers.
“Sit right here,” Lestrade said, leading them to the stern of the boat, where the was a small sitting area lower slightly than the whole deck. Molly came by quickly handing towels to them, and soon John and Sherlock were huddled together in a bundle of blankets.
“John.” Sherlock said slowly rolling his hips against John. At the sudden friction and surprising hardness John’s gaze snapped to Sherlock whose pupils were dilated, his breathing faster and heart rate increased. John let out a small gasp, his pupils dilating more.
“I said I’m fine Sherlock!” John snapped louder, leaping from the sofa and stalking off to the bedroom. Sherlock followed hastily behind, but wasn’t quick enough, for John slammed the bedroom in his face, nearly hitting him in the nose. Sherlock remained right in front of the door, placing his ear to the door. All he heard was the slight sound of John lying down on the bed. He removed his ear, and looked back at his phone. It was a text from Lestrade, practically begging him to assist him on a puzzling case. He sighed. The temptation was severe, but it would do nothing good for John if he were to leave him so he sent Lestrade a text saying he was busy. He looked back at the door, as if expecting it to move but it didn’t nor did he hear any other sounds coming from the bedroom. He sighed again, and walked back to the living room, retrieving his violin and started to play soft music that would hopefully lure John back out.
The two men froze as the heat and lust filled the car, and then John let out a rough moan. “Move Sherlock.” He ordered.
John giggled again. “Sherlock, my legs are wrapping around your waist, thus your coat is askew. Your arse is on camera.” He said again, his giggles turning into laughter.
“And now here is the fun part,” The cabbie spoke again, startling John. “Whatever pill you choose, I take the other and we both take our medicine.”
“No no no,” Sherlock said, waving a hand. “I like it when you’re happy John. But you’ve acted…odd recently. Almost too enthusiastically.”
“Sherlock, you are going to go sit in the bathroom while I get the medical kit and I am going to tend to those cuts. And then we will talk, is that clear?”
Sherlock moaned in response, his hands grasping John’s arse roughly. He pounded into the doctor, and soon both men were moaning loudly.
in the mood to have my whole trip be deduced and analyzed, thank you very much.” John grumbled as he stood on his toes to reach a clean mug.
Word after word escaped through Sherlock’s mouth and fingertips, each followed by a huff of annoyance. John simply giggled at the sight. Sherlock snapped his head at the giggling doctor. The look on his face, John deduced, was a mixture of embarrassment, anger, and impatience. John sighed, knowing when Sherlock found the answer
The two sat in the awkward embrace for a few minutes, before John’s breathing was completely even and relaxed and he stood up with Sherlock.
Sherlock moaned in reassurance as he licked and sucked his way swiftly down John’s chest to his growing cock.
“Of course.” Sherlock said simply, as he leaned his weight over John so that he can removed his hands slightly enough to pour lube onto his hand.
“I was busy.” Sherlock snapped, pacing across the room, his coat swaying behind him. His eyes landed on John, and his face softened only a fraction as he swept towards John, stepping over the man on the floor.
John easily made his way down the stairs to the lobby of the rehab hospital, his bag in tow. Although he was feeling unease in the pit of his stomach, he knew it was just nerves. His mind then shifted from his nerves to Sherlock, who was standing near the front desk.
“That still doesn’t answer my question Sherlock.” He said as he placed the carton of milk into the fridge.
“They’re from a song. Listen,” he said, walking to the computer and typing the song into the browser.
Sherlock moaned at the touch and resumed kissing John, his lips growing red and swollen. Their kisses turned enthusiastic quickly, and soon enough John had dropped his towel and moaned at the feel of Sherlock’s hands clutching his naked arse.
“And, here, put more sunscreen on, or you’ll burn.” He said, handing him the bottle. He then leaned over, kissing Sherlock’s cheek.
Before Sherlock could speak, John crashed his lips against Sherlock’s. He bit and nipped at his cupid’s bow, swirling his tongue harshly with Sherlock’s, emitting a groan from the taller man.
“Oh fuck yes.” John moaned against Sherlock mouth, allowing himself to be pushed back against the desk.
“Oh, I told them it was just my emergency stash, and I hadn’t used, and since I was found clean, my brother took care of it. Though I was banned from crime scenes.”
John tiredly made his way up the seventeen stairs into 221b Baker Street, nearly dragging his duffel bag as he walked into the sitting.
John sighed, as he quickly rinsed his body before he climbed out of the shower.  As he was patting dry, Sherlock walked into the bathroom, already dressed in his trousers and burgundy shirt.
Sherlock looked at him, looking smug. “And why on earth should we? He asked, a gleam of sarcasm in his voice.
John froze when Sherlock yelped. He rearranged himself, pulling back slightly from Sherlock to grasp Sherlock by the jaw, looking into Sherlock’s eyes.
And at that, Sherlock remembered this man. He couldn’t remember his name but he remembered him, the man who had surprised him not with the punch but the words that were said to him after the punch:
John clearly could see Sherlock was stuck in his mind so he reached over and gently placed his hand on Sherlock cheek. The touch didn’t startle Sherlock, but to Sherlock’s surprise, he slightly leaned into the touch, his eyes fluttering down as a soft pink blush started creeping on his cheeks. The sentimentally of the situation oddly didn’t bother Sherlock, nor did it bother him when John slowly leaned in and placed a soft kiss upon Sherlock’s lips.
John spent another half hour trying to fit the trap under the sink as a precaution for other wandering mice after safely catching the mouse and placing it in self-made cage on the counter, when he noticed a tiny hole in the far back corner. While he was trying to have a closer look, with his arse in the air, and sweat dripping slowing along his back, all being completely unaware of a consulting detective halted in his tracks in the kitchen entryway, something unexpected happened. Before he could crawl out, a tinier mouse scurried from the hole. He successfully grabbed it only for two more to climb out of the hole.
John began to suck a mark on Sherlock’s marble skin as he brought both of his hands to grasp Sherlock’s arse, emitting a gasp from the detective.
Sherlock didn’t answer, his smirk growing as the elevator dinged, and he walked swiftly through the empty hallway. After looking at each door, he stopped in front of one, pulling out a key card.
“I…yes…I do, I really do…” John responded, the tension suddenly disappearing. “I have to admit I was…uh afraid…that you didn’t want…to…”
Sherlock didn’t respond right away, but merely glared at John before deducing he wasn’t going to be able to get away from John until they talked. He rolled his eyes and without looking directly at John, he responded,
John had tried. Honestly. He had gone to every session required twice a week and tried very hard. But he couldn’t. The unknown that was his future stressed him out beyond repair. The way his life was now was lonely, cold, and almost as if he were a zombie—not living, just taking up space. He had tried to find someone, someone to connect with. He had been denied by every soul he went up to in bars and in coffee shops.
Sherlock didn’t know if there was a right way to handle this situation but he hoped that John would accept his attempt. Sherlock stood up and held out a hand for John, who had glanced up at the sudden movement. He saw the hand and cautiously took it, pulling himself up. Sherlock then pulled him into a hug. John was caught off guard at first but once he was pressed into Sherlock’s chest, the closeness and comfort brought back the tears and he clutched at Sherlock’s shoulders has he let it out. It didn’t take long and when Sherlock believed him to be done, he slowly loosened the hug and led John to the bathroom.
“Come on John!” Sherlock yelled enthusiastically. He ran down the hallway, John right behind him as they got outside, only to have two cop cars waiting. Sherlock stopped in his tracks as Lestrade exited one, an annoyed look on his face.
John smiled before sitting up. “Here.” He gently tugged Sherlock forward so that he was easily sitting directly in John’s lap. He sat up straighter, resting more forward, placing his hands on Sherlock’s thighs.
Sherlock reluctantly handed his coat to John, despite the fact he owned several coats and did not practically mind getting a little seawater on one of them.
would be the one embarrassed, and probably regretful. He only changed the password to stop Sherlock from using his laptop. He didn’t believe that Sherlock would try so hard to get into a computer when there already was one, unlocked, sitting a few feet away.
When John was ready, Sherlock entered him, his cock stretching John open more. John gasped at the sensation, his fingers gripping Sherlock’s arse tightly.
“Sherlock, you have to eat something. And here drink this, you don’t want to get dehydrated.” John said, throwing him a water bottle.
It took a couple seconds longer for Sherlock to realise that John was in front of him, and had asked him a question.
“Sherlock,” John said, sitting down next to him along the railing, dangling his feet over the ledge. “Put your life vest back on.”
He walked out of the bathroom, and headed back to the bedroom. It only took a few minutes for him to fall asleep.
“Victim is Emily Glenn Bass, CEO of Bass Industries.” Lestrade said. “Very, very rich. And very, very popular. Her company has done some charity work as well as improvements for the education system. She was a frequent churchgoer. Her daughter, Erica, found her.”
“Exactly what I said Lestrade. Other than the fact the words are adjectives describing the victim, I don’t know what other reason the killer would have in putting them their. In
Sherlock scoffed in response, which wasn’t the best choice, for he slightly paled more as the boat went over a wave, rocking in response. He swallowed down whatever had decided to come up at that moment and responded rather quickly,
It was soon when Sherlock was moaning almost incoherently, John’s name repeated until he gasped, coming down John’s throat as he rode out his orgasm.
“Is killing those who remind him of fairytale characters.” Sherlock finished his sentence, his gaze going unfocused as he took this information in.
John grinned. “I did actually. Felt very…naughty. Where did you get them? I was surprised they fit so well.”
Lestrade appeared next to them with an envelope and his second cup of coffee. “Here is the fine, you have a week to pay it. Its doubled now because of your extra shag.” He explained before leaving them.
“You weren’t home.” Lestrade said, exasperated. “We tried contacting you but you never answered, and your landlady said you were staying with a friend…”
“Here we are.” He said, excitedly. “This needle was used to try to sedate him but instead it carried something worse.” He hesitated, then whispered, “Murder.” I couldn’t help it and started to laugh. “What?” He asked. “What’s so funny?”
“Jane.” He said. I looked up and pulled my hair out of my eyes. “I’m sorry.” I paused for a moment and let it sink in. Sherlock, was apologizing?
Water began to pour into the well, splashing on my head, immediately soaking my clothes. I cast away the skull, trying to pretend that I’d never found it in the first place. The water was rising and rising, as did my panic. I turned to the slick stone walls and tried to look for a way to climb. After stepping onto a stone, the chains yanked me back, pulling me back into the murky water. I gasped and thrashed, trying to stand as the water got higher and higher.
“That’s because they’re not connected.” Dawson said. “I don’t get why you’re looking at these, I already closed them.”
“Think we’ll see our killer tomorrow?” I asked. He looked at me and continued to play, though his eyes sparkled in a way that told me yes. Seemingly nothing got him more excited than to catch a murderer or making fun of people. I set my dish in the sink and rinsed off some of the residue. I decided not to push Sherlocks eating habits, if he was hungry, he’d eat.
“I told you last night that Molly asked me to help her move flats.” She said, rubbing her shoulder. It was bothering her again, though her leg didn’t seem to cause her any discomfort.
“I have no doubt.” Sherlock was saying. Several of the family members were still in tears or looked as if they had begun crying again. I nodded swiftly to him, though he wasn’t really paying attention. Elana was practically standing on top of him. She hovered right behind him and seemed to hang off everything he was saying. I opened the door and left it open, waiting for Sherlock to follow. “Pardon me, but I’ve got to leave.” He said. I stood in the foyer, waiting. He came out, straightening his coat. Elana followed him and closed the door behind her.
“Ferril Family organising family funds after the sister accused the brother of stealing part of her inheritance. No murder, but the family went bankrupt after the brother revealed he was being blackmailed.” I told him.
“She’s just sitting there staring at the wall.” Mycroft bent over and looked at the screen. Jane had her back to the screen and was just sitting there, unmoving.
“That’s the family. I’m going to talk with them, just stay here.” He said, disappearing into the crowd.
“Which one found the body?” I asked. Lestrade pointed to an older looking woman in a tight pink dress. I walked over to her and opened my mouth to introduce myself.
“We need more milk.” I said. No response. I peered around the corner if the kitchen. “Did you solve it?” No response. I sighed. It was strange when he did this, getting stuck inside that head of his. I drank my tea and grabbed a couple of crackers from the cupboard. I opened the drawer and pulled out my wallet, double checking that I had cash. “I’m heading out.” I called. No answer. Typical. I made my way down to the grocery store and grabbed the necessities. I thought about texting Sherlock to see what he wanted but I knew he wasn’t going to answer. I lugged the bags back to the flat and fumbled to get my key to the flat. I walked up the stairs and kicked the door open, knowing that Sherlock never locked it. Sherlock was speaking to a client when I walked in.
“Cuts are too jagged and uneven to have been made my a non-serrated knife such as this. This knife is used to cut slabs of meat.” He paused. “A boyfriend.” He whispered.
“He was very observant one. Though, I don’t understand why you haven’t moved me into the big hall. I already confessed.” He said.
I sighed and closed the phone, he knew I'd rather stab Mycroft than ask him for help. I looked over at Jane, she was pulling her hair back into a ponytail, the front hairs kept slipping and falling in her face.
“Yes. I need this, the case is not closed and I need to see this all together.” She said, trying to be kind. Dawson watched as she put the pictures back up and looped string to a pin. She back up and then turned to me.
I walked into my flat and put my bag and keys on the hook. I paused a moment when I noticed a shadow on the floor. I reached for the gun when I noticed a familiar yet unwelcome face.
“Well, she is now.” I said. A second after I heard the door to the lobby of the flat open and the sound of bags hitting the floor as she set them down to close the door behind her. A moment later the door to the flat swung open to reveal Jane standing there, her arms full of grocery bags. She pushed through the door and made her way into the kitchen. She glanced once at Mycroft, just a slight flicker of her eyes, before disregarding him. She did that often, giving people the once over to access weakness. It was an interesting little quirk I had found and I found myself trying to deduce the rest. I restrained myself and turned back to the microscope. She dumped the bags on the floor and opened the fridge.
“I did, you just weren't listening.” I responded, handing over the envelope. I ripped open the top flap and pulled out the letter at the top. It was handwritten and at the top in obviously fresher ink, was my name. ‘Ms. Jane Watson is to be the sole proprietor of my inheritance.’ It read, it went into detail down at the bottom, a house. Worth several, several thousand pounds. The amount continued to increase, a summer home, a boat, several cars, along with an entire estate.
“Surgery today.” She said, rolling her eyes before going to the bathroom to change. We put up pictures of each of the victims as well as clips of the testimonies of their family. Jane had even gone to find string so we could string the pictures to places on a map as well as different colored pins. Jane came back wearing jeans and a t-shirt and dropped her bag in the corner of the room. Lestrade was off fixing something and the room was eerily quiet. I sat in one of the chairs we’d dragged from another office and thought over each situation while Jane marked where they lived and where they were murdered on the map. The door creaked open and a mop of brown hair stuck through the door.
“Goodbye.” He said and pulled the trigger. Blood spattered all around the cell. The corner of the cell covered in it. I flinched, looking down at my shoes, little flecks of blood staining my pants. Mycroft retched in the other corner, not being able to stand the look of the body. I stared at it. The blood. Sherlock stepped forward.
“Landon and Martha started dating about 5 months ago, about two weeks before her dad died. He died of Lung cancer and was in the hospital for a while. Landon was her fitness trainer for a while before they dated. No boyfriend before that.” I reported, sorting through Landons social media profile. “Strange thing is, Landon hasn’t posted a thing about the two of them. No pictures, no dates. She’s only in one photo from their first date.” I said. Sherlock turned and plucked the computer from my hand, scanning the image.
The room was identical to the last one minus the splatters of red paint. A polished wooden coffin was standing in the middle of the room, the lid taken off the top to reveal the white cushions inside. Sherlock beelined over to the coffin and began to deduce it. Whose coffin it might be. I watched him deduce, nodding as he estimated height, weight, gender, family life. Mycroft made his way over to the other end of the room and he turned it towards us.
“Molly Hooper.” He said. The T.V flashed and a video of Molly in her own flat showed up. She bustled around the kitchen, looking somewhat sick. Eurus’ voice echoed over the speakers again.
“I’d figure it out soon, you can’t prepare for something you don’t know about.” He told me. A piercing scream rang up the stairs and Mycroft and I looked towards the door. “That’s my que to leave.”
“Well hello!” One of them said. I smiled and went to talk with them. I was glad the extra height my heels gave me. Both of them were tall and blonde, their faces delicately powdered. “I don’t think we’ve met yet.” She said.
“My blogger, my cleaning lady, my housekeeper, my partner, my friend…” I said. Jane’s smile made it worth it.
“Sherlock!” I yelled. “We’re going to be late.” His bedroom door was still closed and I decided to sit on the stairs to my room. I fiddled with my bag and waited with a sigh. I looked up and hoped that I didn’t smear the little makeup I’d decided to wear. I shrugged it off and waited. After ten minutes I heard the door to the his bedroom open. I stood up and looked at my watch. “I told you we’re going to be late.” I said looking up. Sherlock was wearing a black suit and had attempted to tame his hair. He looked good, I mean, good for someone who ran around in a bathrobe half the time. He didn’t notice my glance and looked me up and down. He nodded and I quirked an eyebrow.
“You can call me Marissa. Tired?” She asked. I suppress a yawn and nodded. She reached down and pulled up a cup. She smiled. “I know you Englanders like your tea, but maybe a little coffee will pick you up.” I thanked her and took the cup. I noticed that her accent was indeed American, her vowels not as long as a typical Englander. It was a detail Sherlock would have been able to pick out without even hearing her talk. I sipped the coffee and we rode in silence. I waved to her as she got off the bus.
“Jewel Wilkins.” She said, taking a sip of the water. “My Mom and Dad keep fighting and they’re going to take my sister away.” She told us. Surprising enough, she didn’t cry as most seven year olds might. It was a lot harder to deduce children, having so much parent influence made it hard to differentiate child from parent.
“Fantastic!” Dawson exclaimed, coming completely into the room and shutting the door behind him. He walked over to the board and looked at the pictures Jane had posted. He tapped one of them and broke the carefully built silence of the room. “I don’t know why you’re looking at this one, I already closed it.” He said proudly, puffing his chest. He unwound the string from the board and took out one of the pins. “It was a suicide. It was actually quite obvious actually.” He glanced in my direction and I glared at him until he fell quiet. I went back into my mind palace. Several times when I went into my mind palace, other people would be there. Giving me ideas and points, talking to me when I was away. I’d become used to a small, rational voice in my head.
“Last night we got a call saying that Kennedy Morgenstern was dead.” He explained. “It was blown off because of the report that she died that was fake. Only, I sent a guy over to check it out.”
“Family trouble. They all do.” He said. I moved closer to the body. The neck was cut open in many places, the cuts were rough and tore open all the muscles. I turned to the knife, looking it over without touching it. It’s stainless steel hilt was covered in dry blood, the blade covered in blood and had pieces of skin hanging off it. I didn’t gag, not even reeling. I looked over the blade one more time.
“He’s just making it easier for me to turn the gun on him.” He said, looking squarely down the barrel. Mycroft smiled and straightened his suit as much as he could.
“Come on.” He said, disappeared back into the house. I took a step forward and put a hand on the door, walking into the house. My hand left a red print through the dust on the door.
It was about a few days when I heard Sherlock call from downstairs. I turned to the clock and looked at the time. It was 5:00. I groaned and sat up in bad.
“Oh yes.” Sherlock said and looked down at his watch. “I figure Lestrade will be here within the hour.”
“I’ll let you two say your goodbyes.” He said, “It’s quite unfortunate when you have to put down your pet.” Sherlock gave him an incredulous look. “You’re not actually thinking about it are you? The rest of this takes brains and cleverness. She’s always been another one of your distractions, another person for you to show off to and awe. You can get another one.” I opened my mouth to protest, but standing in the room with two of the most brilliant people in the world, I realized that this whole time I’d been scraping along, glimpsing the brilliance of a higher intelligence that I was incapable of achieving. I looked at Sherlock, the honesty of Mycroft's words punching small holes in my brave countenance. I always thought that I was going to die in the war, I hadn’t feared it. You couldn’t escape death forever, but standing here, it seemed like a pitiful way to die.
“So, there’s a news report that you’re dead.” I said, trailing off at the end so she could give me more information.
“Halle Martin.” She said. “Forensic operations.” I took her hand and introduced myself again. I looked her over. She knew what she was doing though she looked young. Not married, career in the main option. She led a small and simple life, but believed in professionalism. I decided that she could accompany us. We journeyed up stairs and opened the door. The room was pitch black and Halle turned and flipped on lights. He was laying sprawled in the middle of the floor. I almost expected there to be blood pooling. Jane approached the body and I cast a glance around the room.
“Are we meant to compete?” Mycroft said, jabbing at me. I turned to him and pointed a finger at him, anger of the situation flaring and finding a new target.
“We did. He died. But it didn’t really matter, I don’t think it was mine.” He leaned over the table and looked at me. Sherlock stood up and gestured for me to follow. He headed out of the Cafe and Mr. Carter tried to call after us. Sherlocks lip curled and he stopped, reached into my pocket and grabbed my phone, dialing a number.
Eurus began talking again. “What were Dad’s allergies Sherlock? What would he never let you have?” She asked, the pieces clicking together. A dog. “You never had a dog Sherlock. You had a best friend.” I began to flash back, repressed memories coming to the surface.
It was hard to believe that walking out a door one day, led to walking through another, and another. And another. Walking out of the flat once had eventually led to walking back in, once temporary, the next permanent. It hadn’t taken much persuasion on Sherlocks part to get me to move back into the flat. After that it hadn’t taken Marcus long to realize that things had become much more complicated and thus end what some might have called a relationship. After that, it hadn’t taken long for the balance between cases and my job to clash, ending in a mostly weekend and night job while the days were spent running around London. After that, it didn’t take long for the run-ins with Serial Killers, Murderers, Adulterers, and every other kind of scrum to show up in the flat. It was almost amazing how much things had changed and somehow never changed at all. Walking through that door had led to walking through this one. It was much less flattering than the others. Ending with breaking into a prison to find a long lost sister, who was probably better off lost, and now was not as defenseless as was previously convinced. Standing in a bright concrete cell was not where I thought that door would lead, though none of the doors lead anywhere that was very comfortable. Sherlock stood pacing the floor of the cell. The little girl's voice crackled over the speaker in the room before abruptly being cut off. The Governor was laying on the floor, his mind jumbled. Eurus popped up on the screen, instructing us. She reminded me of someone. Someone lost, confused, and extremely vengeful. I saw Sherlock reflected in her and Eurus reflected back. I forced myself to calm my nerves when the Governor's wife popped up on the screen. The Governor stood and looked between us and the screen.
“My companion was trying to ask a leading question.” He snapped. Kennedy frowned and looked back at me.
“I think it’s lovely.” She said. I smiled, having won the silent competition over the blog again. Sherlock looked over at the woman.
“Please.” Jane added, trying to add some nice though I knew she shared my irritance. Dawson slunk to the door.
I’d never thought about last words, about words in general. Their meaning, how they were used. At least until I heard the last words. And then the fall. Then after the Fall. There was nothing after the fall. Everyday. I sat in my chair. Waiting. Waiting for him to burst through the front door yelling me to come on a case with him. Shadows danced on the walls, sometimes taking the shapes of people or objects. I stopped going to work, it was impossible. I had a panic attack. My PTSD came back. Often the shadows took shape of them. The people. I slipped on one of my last clean pairs of pants and put on an oversized sweater and slipped on a pair of old shoes. I went down to an old place that he and I had never been. It was clean and within walking distance. I sat in my spot at the bar and ordered what had become my usual. I drank it and watched a sport game I didn’t care about. I didn’t care about much of anything anymore. He hadn’t seemed to realize how much he meant, how many times I’d wanted to do what he did. I’d stopped going to the graveyard after a few days. After the grief had turned mostly to bitterness and anger. I drank another and the news came on. Reports about his suicide still flashed on the screen. At first the internet blew up. ‘It’s not possible’ ‘He’s a fake’ ‘He’s not dead’ ‘What led him to this?’. For all the questions, I didn’t have any answers. I was just one of the ones left behind. Suicides never kill one person. I drank another and asked the bartender to turn off the T.V. I drank another and laid my head on the counter. Someone asked my something and I slowly raised my head to answer. Instead of speaking, I stared at them. Just another face, another face. Why would he leave me like this? I slapped a bunch of notes on the counter and stepped out onto the darkening street. This used to be the perfect hour. The hour of night. Now it was just another night, leading to another day, leading to another night. I stumbled into the flat and looked around. The living room, the kitchen, the bedroom. I hated it. I marched upstairs and grabbed some boxes. I threw in all the files he left on the desk. All the cases, solved or otherwise. Lestrade had given me his phone, I threw it away. I stripped pictures off the wall and threw them into another box. I walked into the kitchen with an open garbage bag and swept the chemicals into the bag. A wet drop fell onto my hand and I realized that I was crying. I wiped my eye and moved to the fridge. Everything. Everything had to go. I swept experiments and old food into the bag. I opened cupboard and swept the contents into the bag. Everything. Everything had to go. After the living room was cleared and hefted up the boxes and walked to Sherlock's room. I’d never been in his room. It was neat, a made bed and pressed clothes hanging in the closet. Any moment he’d come through the door. He’d apologize. Apologize for everything. Everything. Everything had to go. I threw the clothes into the box and any other books or such that he left were put in a box. The boxes shut in the closet. I walked back into the living room and realized I left the violin. It was in its case by his music stand. I kneeled down next to it. I pushed away another tear and shut and case, locking the clasps. I grabbed the stand and threw it into the closet. Into the closet. Into the dark. I locked the door to the closet but left the key to the door hanging on the knob. None of his family had come to claim anything. I walked up to my room. I laid on the bed. Watching, waiting, hoping. I walked down stairs and standing in the living room, I noticed something I never had. A floorboard. Just slightly out of place. The edges soft. I picked it up and underneath, found his stash.
“You better not be joking with me because the next chair I throw might hit Ms. Hamil on her fat head.” I ground.
“You can stop now.” She said. I snapped back and she stared blankly at me. “I’ve asked you not to deduce me.” She snapped. She put the paper back on the side table and slipped off her shoes, heading up to her room. I blinked a couple times before moving on.
We saw many cases throughout the day, though the gloom of boredom hung over me like some ominous cloud. There were boring cases. Wives with affairs, husbands that got messed up with the wrong group of people, strange people claiming to see manifestations of doom. The most interesting one was a small child. Jane gave her special privileges. The girl was about seven and was still in her school uniform. Her dark hair poured almost all the way down her back and she looked incredibly small and delicate. Jane handed her a glass of water, and sat in her chair, asking her name and what she needed.
“Good work. Report to camp 3A.” I told him. Suddenly a bullet ripped through his chest. Blood poured through the hole.
“If you ever need someone in the forensic field, I’m always open to a little adventure.” She told me. I took the card and slipped it into my pocket. I could feel many other cards in it. I got into the taxi and left without saying anything to her. Marylyn Parson, mild case of Atelophobia. Fear of imperfection. Found in her house with her things scattered all around the room, makeup half applied. Jeff Handle, Necrophobia. Fear of death. Found in his backyard, his dog was also found dead. The most recent case proved the most promising. Gloria Thiddle. Had pyrophobia, fear of fire, after her house burned down when she was little, killing her Dad. She was found dead in her living room, a fire blazing in her always empty hearth. Unlike the others, Gloria had been anything but isolated. She’d hung out with friends just a few hours before her death. Her brother, Mike Thiddle said that Gloria had been experiencing anxiety and was panicky the days before her death. She began to fuss about things that didn’t matter. It was the key I needed. People, dying in placing that mirrored their greatest fear, experienced panic attacks. Their nervous system then shut down, and the heart stopped beating thinking it was dying. Jane had a panic attack earlier. I ran outside the flat, and to a neighbor's house. Slightly out of breath, I banged on the door. A squat elderly woman opened the door.
“We get called to a murder, and several people confess. All of them end up confessing to a completely different murder. That must be some severe guilt, and why not turn themselves in instead of making us solve it?” I stated.
“Five minutes.” Sherlock said, turning the gun on himself. “A man sacrificed himself five minutes ago. I guess it’s time to remember him.” He placed the gun under his chin. My mind seemed to dull, images of death threatening to block out reality. I couldn’t move and watched as he begun to count down. It’s a plan, it’s always a part of the plan. Eurus began screaming through the screen and a sharp prick hit me. I glanced down as the floor began to get closer and the lights began to dim.
“Now we may proceed.” He told him. He gulped and pushed hair out of his eyes. He kept looking from Sherlock to me. Over and over, opening and closing his mouth.
“So she’s dead.” Sherlock said bluntly, though he was looking at the case. I reached over and pointed to words on the document. I felt Sherlocks arm tense am mine brushed his. I ignored it.
“Would you like me to explain or come and see?” I asked. I heard the sound of cloth and a door open. The sounds of the street could be heard over her voice.
The real scene was not far away, an ambulance was pulled off to the side of the road, the large bay doors opened. The car was surrounded by Officers and as we approached, Dawson stared fumbling for something in his pocket. I was walking ahead of both Lestrade and Dawson and grabbed the tape, pulling it over my head. Lestrade followed. Dawson stood behind and we turned to watch him as he stood on the other side of the line looking for something in his jacket.
“He wears glasses, the drawback from the gun would’ve broken them.” He said, tapping the picture. “No visible scarring or cuts meaning that it wasn’t him” He flipped the picture over, leaving the two other brothers. A loud snapping sound echoed and we all turned to the window. Three man popped up at the window, each with a name card around their necks. They struggled with their bonds and looked at us with bulging, pleading eyes. I looked down, rubbing my eyes with one hand. The three brothers. They were right there.
I walked back over to the table and picked up the bowl that had been stowed underneath. Jane’s last words over the speaker, bones. The girl on the airplane then replaced Jane’s voice.
“What’s the address?” She asked. I gave her the address and heard her whistle for a taxi. “Be there in five.” She said before hanging up. I turned to Lestrade, smiling.
“He said he killed her for her money and he was afraid that she would dump him. Try the name Jenny Harrow.” He said. I learned not to question him, and typed the name in.
“I win” I said, Lestrade groaned and pulled out a note and slapped it into my palm. I put it in my pocket and followed Lestrade down the hall. It’d been considerably better since I’d met with her and I refrained from figuring out what she was doing and had been while I was gone. Lestrade opened the door to a small office at the end, a man stood up from behind an old looking desk. His long brown hair fell into his eyes and forced him to sweep it out of his face. No wedding ring, little to no tan, polished shoes, shirt looking a bit disheveled. Not married, but dating often. Doesn’t go and do anything much, no vacations. Shirt was disheveled probably because of the amount of files on his desk.
“I want to stay with Chelsey.” She said. Her eyes began to tear up and Jane stood up and made her way over to her, crouching near her.
Friday I went and grabbed a necklace I’d found in my drawers. It was a dainty little thing, a single, raw pearl was stranded on it. I boarded the bus and smiled, hoping to see Marissa sitting in her normal seat, but she wasn't. I looked out the window the whole ride and looked out the window as we passed her familiar stop.
“I’m totally clean.” He told me. I raised an eyebrow and he amended himself. “Almost clean.” I rolled my eyes and went upstairs to change my clothes before we’d have to leave.
“Your food is on the counter.” I said. I shoveled the food into my mouth, realizing that I didn’t have lunch or a real breakfast. I flipped on the small T.V to the news. A reporter stood in front of the station and was mid-sentence.
“And you too little. You should really take care of yourself, who's to say the knife won't slip and you’ll cut yourself open.”
“Positive.” I told him. I pulled up Jane’s number, the one thing that she hadn’t changed over the years.
“Bored.”I finished for him, I walked over to the door and slipped on a pair of shoes. “Me too, now if you want to stop wearing holes in the carpet, you can accompany me on a walk.” I said. Sherlock paused for a moment to think and turned into his room, grabbing his coat and shoes. I stepped out the door and walked down the steps, pausing for a moment as Sherlock stopped to close the door behind him. “So Sherlock,” I said, looking out into the street. “Left or right?”
“Now it’s time for you to choose, Sherlock.” Eurus said. “Brother dear, or Dr. Watson. The next game is only designed for two players.” The audio clicked off and I couldn’t help but think that we hadn’t heard from the girl on the plane for a while. Mycroft stepped forward,
“I’m Elana, Kennedy’s older sister.” She explained. One would have thought the two sisters were twins except the hair color. Where Kennedy was natural, Elana's looked dyed to look darker with blonde highlights. I slipped through the door and I could no longer hear them talking. Kennedy Morgenstern was laying on the table in a small dining room. Though the family was being protective, they hadn’t moved the body from the room she’d died in. I circled the table, the food and anything on the table had been knocked onto the floor. I looked at the food and noticed that bits of yeast were scattered in the food. I look a small bag I had in my jacket that normally carried back-up prescription. I slipped some of the food into the bag and examined the body. The skin looked oily and when I peeled open her eyes the pupils were small and unfocused. Definitely overdose. I noticed that the sun was beginning to come up. The body had been dead since last night. I looked once more over the crime scene and slipped back out of the room.
“Dawson! You don’t need you’re bloody ID, they know who you are, you work in the same building! Now get over here!” I yelled. Dawson hesitated and crossed the line, he looked over his shoulder, almost afraid that they would tackle him and drag him away. Lestrade gestured to the ambulance.
“Of course, and Mycroft is always super observant of these things and never petty.” I got a smirk out of Sherlock and he opened the door. This time he actually held it open and I slid onto the seat. I smiled and pushed down the flush rising in my cheeks. I handed the invitation to the driver and started on our way. “So what’s the plan?” I asked.
“... done it again. After receiving a case with three suspects, the great Sherlock Holmes matched one man to a murder that happened four months ago and was closed by local police. Landon Chapman murdered his girlfriend after she planned on leaving the country. He will be in court the next couple of days and will undoubtedly be spending time in prison.” He reported. I flipped the T.V off.
“No.” Lestrade said, watching the numbers as the ticked up. The door opened to reveal a room full of people. Office workers were sitting on one side of the room, no doubt being held for questioning. Lestrade walked to the closet where several forensic officers were working around the body. I batted them away and got a good look at the body. The skin was pale and gaunt, the eyes glassy and empty like all corpses. The eyes were rimmed with red and the tips of the fingers were tinged purple. The body had been dead for a while, not long enough to rot. Though if it had been in the closet the whole time someone would have smelled it. I stood and looked at the group of people in the room.
“No thanks.” I said. Both their faces fell and the ‘nice’ nature turned sour. They turned their noses up. I moved across the room, listening to conversations as I walked. I grabbed a glass of champagne and caught part of the conversation.
“Are you… are you doing anything tomorrow night?” He asked. I didn’t even have to think and for once was glad I was already busy.
“It’s always an affair isn’t it.” She said. I looked up and she explained. “Our clients, over half of them are having affairs or something of the like.” I nodded and a feeling or boredom came over me and the urge to do something compulsive came over me. I stood up and walked into the kitchen but none of my experiments were ready yet. I checked Jane’s blog for some reason before standing back up. “Bored?” She asked. I didn’t bother to answer.
I ended up making my way home instead of meeting with Oscar Brady. It was already late and I picked up some take-out on the way back. By the time I made my way back the sky was darkening. I pushed my key into the door and it swung open. I dropped the bag of food on the counter and pulled out a plate. I heated up my portion before moving to the living room.
“She’ll be here in five minutes, though with traffic it’ll probably be more like seven.” I said. Lestrade smiled and rolled his eyes, flipping open the file.
“And what’s your story?” He asked. Oscar Brady picked up his head for the first time and looked at us.
“I know!” One exclaimed. “I know a really great surgeon who can fix it for you. Must have been a nasty fall to make such a scar.” She said. I gaped at them,
“Like I fell off a train.” She said, rubbing her temples. I stood and Jane got on her feet. I looked over at the body just a few feet away. Trauma to the brain and heart.
“Jane.” He said. “I really liked working for you, and I mean. If you’re willing, you could be my partner.” Partner. Not assistant, not friend. Partner.
“Good. Relationships are never a good idea. Never last.” He said. “Yes, yes, yes. About the inheritance.”
“Oh goodness!! Thank you!!” She exclaimed. “Someone who can finally fix this mess!” Her voice was thick and her face tearstained, she clutched a kleenex in her hand.
“Because she’s not here.” He told me, as if I didn’t already knew. It wasn’t uncommon for her to disappear and I would find myself speaking to thin air.
“There’s a news report saying that you’re dead.” I told her. She smiled and her make-up seemed to pull with her smile.
“Now all I need is a good case.” He said with a smile, as if reminiscing about some fantastic serial killer that was coming. “And Jane.” He said. I looked up at him and hummed. “You’re not a nobody.”
“Is this the residence of Ms. Jane Watson?” He asked. I tucked a loose strand of hair out of my face and nodded.
About ten to fifteen minutes later Dawson stepped out of the ambulance. He was holding a syringe in his hand. He came over and showed it to us.
“Yes, but Sherlock put some chemical in the fridge and everything went sour.” She replied not missing a beat. Mycroft looked around once more.
“That explains it.” She exclaimed. A couple stops later I stood to let her out of the seat, and once again she smiled and waved to me as the bus pulled away. I told Sherlock again, all he said was ‘That’s nice’.
“Thank you for coming to help even though you can’t see her.” She said, staring at Sherlock. I rolled my eyes. She was infatuated with him and Sherlock didn’t seem to notice. She licked her lips. “There’s a big party coming up for Kennedy. I was wondering if you’d like to join us?” She asked, glancing him up and down. I’d moved closer to the door, I was ready to get out of here.
“Does he always do that?” Dawson whispered, leaning towards Jane. Annoyed, Jane reached over and took a picture out of his hand.
“Can I go inside now?” She asked. He shook his head, Jane frowned for a second before smiling. She walked up the steps to the house and opened the door. She let go of Sherlock's hand and ushered him inside. Instead of following him, she closed the door behind him. When she pulled her hand away, it was sticky with blood. A bloody hand was on the door where she’d pulled it open, dark red coating the knob and dripping onto the ground. I wasn’t sure when I’d lost control of what happened in the mind palace. Slowly, I’d become less of a participant and more of a viewer. Using it to watch people in situations real life didn’t provide, and while Jane didn’t want me to deduce her, this technically wasn’t her, a projection. She was sad, something that I’d noticed quickly and often. Sometimes in the glances she casted in my direction when she thought no one was paying attention, I could see a little behind the mask she seemed to never remove. The tough outer layer began to peel away, I could see how vulnerable she was. It was interesting, looking at a projection of my own mind. Slowly, the scene peeled away and a deeper layer was exposed. A large chalkboard appeared on the wall, I picked up a piece of chalk and began to write, pulling pieces of what I know to create an elaborate map of all the possibilities of the future. After coming to no conclusion, a stark question mark was drawn in the middle of the board. I ran my hand through my hair. There were so many ways to go wrong, though I didn’t know what they were. Eventually, the chalkboard peeled away and the flat reappeared. The sky was dark and I turned to look at the clock. It was close to seven o'clock and I looked around the flat. A plate of floot, still steaming was sitting on the table. I picked it up and peered in the kitchen. Jane had her back to me, her back muscles tight as she reached over to write something. The table for once, was spotless. My microscope had been moved to the counter and all of the chemicals put on a shelf.  An empty plate sat next to Jane and I could see dishes in the sink. She’d tried to cook, and I looked down at the food on my plate. I turned and walked into my room and scraped the food into the trash. I felt a little bad. I put them empty plate back where I’d found it, making it look like I’d actually eaten. I walked back into my room and decided to ‘retire’ early, though I knew I’d be up for a few more hours.
“Just try not to offend anyone.” He said, and walked away. Sherlock gestured to a large group of people across the hall. All of them were wearing black, though it looked more elegant than sad.
“The only problem, is that she’s not dead.” Confused, I pushed past him and looked at the screen. Kennedy Morgenstern was standing in front of her large home, several microphones being pushed at her face.
“So, Mr. Chapman.” He said. “What is your connection to the young dead lady up stairs?” I inwardly rolled my eyes. Jimmy looked at him and licked his lips.
I showed the address to the driver and we went on our way. At the arrival of the building, things seemed oddly calm. Firefighters and Ambulance drivers sat with the doors of their trucks open. Police tape covered the door and though it was considered a scene no one seemed overly worried. I pulled up the police tape and held it up for a second before remembering that Jane wasn’t behind me. I dropped it back down before making my way to Lestrade who was talking to a man in an overly expensive suit. One that was probably hard for him to afford and was made to look more fancy than it actually is. The bottoms of the pants were scuffed and the shoes had been shined. Dressed to impress.
“You completely replace yourself. No one ever talks to you, you never do anything. You narrate like a ghost.” A shiver made its way down my spine.
“I condemn him.” Sherlock spoke, his voice unwavering. The two men beside him fell. It was like war all over again. Watching for afar and unable to do anything. They plunged out of view and into the sea. I flinched.
“Yes, unfortunately, suicide wasn’t one of the options.” She said, turning. The chair once again obscured our vision and the sound of a shotgun rang out through the screen.
“I never had a best friend.” She said, tears threatening her eyes. “I had no one.” She started singing the song again and some more of the facts clicked together. I ran out the door and back around the side of the house where some graves were. I looked at the dates, the names, forming a code in my mind. A code that gave way to a plea for help. Pushing all the pieces together, I ran back into the house. Up the old, burnt stairs. Past Mycroft's room, past my room, and into Eurus’.
It was Jane’s turn not to respond. She sat back down in the chair, leaving the stain on the floor. The carpet was already mismatched. It had been thrown up on, bleed on, pooped on (though not by a person), burned, and much more. I was surprised Ms. Hudson didn’t make us buy a new one. A familiar pain rose in my head, the kind you get when you stare at a computer screen to long or are just so bored you can’t think straight. Jane stood up and plucked the knife out of the wall, ignoring the bullet holes that also riddled the same wall. Sirens began to wale outside and I leapt up, going to to the window like a child watching snow. A firetruck came zooming down the street, closely followed by an ambulance. I threw off the bathrobe and put my coat overtop the clothes I’d worn for two days.
“Of course.” She said, speaking through her teeth. “I’ll have an invitation sent to your flat with the details.”
“That’s alright. We’ll be fashionably late. Rich people don’t like those that arrive ‘early’.” He explained.
“Thank goodness!! Someone around here actually wants to get to the bottom of this!” She exclaimed. She took Jane’s arm and whispered something in her ear. Jane’s face flushed just a bit and Ms. Hamil launched into her story.
“Not for very long.” She said. I ran this over in my head. In the Army, but not for long, scar on the neck, hands were somewhat scarred. It looked as if she’d punched glass. It clicked. Hostage crisis, a year or two ago. New recruits. I nodded at her and noticed the gun at her hip. Jane began to recover and I moved forward to help her sit up. She blinked the fog out of her eyes and Halle stood up. “How do you feel?” She asked. Jane’s eyes flitted around the room, looking for threats as she always did. She eyes landed on Halle and she began to process her some more.
“I can’t believe it.” Mycroft started again. “Come on Sherlock, get it over with. You were always the weak and disappointing one. You couldn’t even die right.” I took a step forward and squared my shoulders.
Lestrade couldn’t help but look between Sherlock and I as we rode in the taxi to the Morgenstern family house.
“There’s no way.” I said, handing the letter over to Sherlock, he looked over it and touched the ink with a finger.
“Maybe that’s what hurts them. Too much choice.” He told me. Child Sherlock stood and threw the book on the bed.
“Apparently heart attack, but it’s a little bit more than that.” I told her. The officer stopped in front of us and held out his hand.
“You see Sherlock, you can observe the moral code. Your little friend Jane chose not to add another name to her little ledger, and in the end, she’ll add two.” She said with a sickening smile. “In the end, your moral code gets you nothing. Now, pick up the gun, you’ll need it later.” She instructed, a door sliding open behind us. Sherlock walked over and picked up the gun, wiping some blood off of it. Mycroft, who had taken on a shade of green, followed us into the next room. The halls were dark and only led one way. Another door, leading to another horror. The next rooms walls were coated in a splotchy red paint. Sherlock turned to Mycroft.
Wednesday I got up earlier than usual. I slipped on some clothes and rubbed my eyes. I still wasn’t used to having to get up to go to a real job. Sherlock took care of any clients that came, though if any did he never told me about them. I’d had to stop writing my blog. When I stepped onto the bus, I found Marissa Carter sitting in our seat and this time I smiled to her first and sat down next to her.
“It always been Sherlock and Dr. Watson.” He stated. “Her gift. I let Eurus and Moriarty talk for five minutes. Unsupervised. Don’t shoot me in the head, I promised my brain to science.”
“You really should watch it, it is simply delightful! I almost broke the box-office when it came out…” She began.
When we pulled out in front of the flat, Jane got out, the previous hesitation gone. I walked in front of her and opened the door to the long locked flat. Some surfaces were still covered in dust. I’d taken things out of the boxes I found locked away in my closet and had slowly begun to rebuild the flat. The bullet holes had been filled in on one wall, small pieces of plaster ruining the smooth finish of the paper. Items were scattered around the room and I pushed some of the items away as I reached for the old tea kettle. I set it on the burner and began to boil the water. Since most of the furniture was still covered with white tarp, Jane pulled around one of the wooden chairs from the table. Straddling it, she laid her head on the top of the chair and watched me. I went about making tea, pretending not to notice her. I set down the cup of tea and Jane swished and dunked a bag into the water.
“I haven’t been… well…. I guess things just haven’t gone my way… our way lately.” He said and my eyes flicked towards the spot where the knife had hit the wall before.
“Did Gloria Thiddle have any maintenance work done on her house lately?” I asked. She raised an eyebrow, or at least tried to. Her face squashed.
I headed up to my room and found another package on my bed. It was wrapped in brown paper and when I opened it, my watch stared up at me. I frowned and looked over to my dresser where my watch was sitting. I’d broken it on one of our past cases when I tripped and fell down a flight of stair while chasing a guy. We caught him only after I slammed into him while falling and my watch broke. The broken watch sat on my bedside and I held the two watches next to each other. They were identical down to the small engravings on the side. I slide the watch onto my wrist, the leather even felt worn. I checked the package to see if there was any note who it was from and found none. I put the old watch in a drawer and tossed the paper into the trash bin. Sherlock called from down stairs and I ran to the door to see him throw the door open and run out. I grabbed my gun and tucked it into my waistband and threw on my coat before following Sherlock.
“Fine. I’ll let you think. Contact me if you come up with anything else.” I left the flat. I was used to following orders, doing what people wanted me to. The Army left that imprint on you even once your done. The scars never leave you. I hailed a taxi and made my way back to the station were they’d brought the suspects. I made my way into the cell that Landon was staying in. A guard was facing him and stayed next to the door. I immediately scanned the room, identifying possible weapons and escape roots. Another habit left over from the army. I didn’t sit even though there was a seat at the other side of the table I clasped my wrists behind my back. His eyes immediately locked with mine and I steeled myself.
“Well, yeah. But she, she looked relieved to see me.” I said, Sherlock picked his head up from his microscope, his hair falling into his eyes.
“And an ambulance.” Sherlock added, we smiled at each other and took off down the path while I followed at his heels.
“I’d be delighted to.” He said. Elana’s face lit up like a christmas tree. “That is, only if my colleague can join us.” Elana turned and looked at me, seemingly to just now notice me. She had the same critical eye as her sister and her smile faded a little.
“A boyfriend. The woman had a male friend that would come over. Quite frequently actually.” He said. I looked over the room.
Jason’s shade followed my around the flat, outside, to work. Just a little shadow that pulsed behind the eyes, waiting, waiting, waiting. I pulled myself out of a stupor and made my way to the front of the office to pick up another file. Another patient. Another problem. Medicine seemed to be the only thing to fall back on. After all, I’d spent my life just to earn the title ‘doctor’. The slot was empty and the lady behind the desk was packing her things. Time seemed to slip away, patients blending together. I made my way back to my office and picked up a bag from the floor. Besides the panic attacks and sometimes my PTSD, it was like the past couple of years had never happened and for some reason, I was okay with it.
The doorbell rang. Again. I didn’t even have to guess who it was and simply waited for him to come in. I knew he would. He wasn’t one to wait to be invited into someone else's home. The door swung open almost on que and Mycroft came waltzing in. He looked around the room, inspecting for anything out of the ordinary. He paused a second, looking at the new bullet holes I put in the wall.
“Mycroft's got more cameras to the north. Go left.” He said, and we started down the road. Eventually, we found a small park. Adults walked with either screaming or hyper children down the paved paths into a wooded garden area. I paused to look around.
I ran up the stairs of the flat two at a time, hoping that when I opened the door I would be met with another dead body. I felt a tremble in my chest and shoved it down, repeating Mycroft's mantra in my head. Emotion is weakness. Emotion is weakness. I pulled open the door to the flat and Jane picked up her head. She was curled up in her chair, a lamp illuminating her face. She gave a weak smile and I noticed the large black circles under her eyes. An empty platter was sitting on the table, next to it, one still heaped with food. Jane got up, still groggy and I readjusted myself as if nothing was wrong. The thought that she was in danger turning into a dull sense of relief. She picked up her plate and left mine on the table, assuming I would eat it. She stuck it into the sink which was now void of dishes. I glanced around, the flat had been dusted too. Ms. Hudson had been here. Jane walked back to her chair and pulled out a book. As I suspected, It didn’t take her long to fall asleep. I watched her face, as she fell into the oblivion of sleep her face relaxed. The lamp light made her hair glow. I turned down the lamp and sat my chair, letting myself be absorbed into the shadow. I sat and watched and waited.
“Bored.” I said, going back to microscope. He glanced around one more time and pulled a package from under his arm.
“No!” I yelled, running a hand through my hair, another flinch. Another name. “She was innocent!” I turned, unable to look at either body and not sure if I would be able to stomach it.
“Exactly!!” He said, pacing faster. I picked at a string on the chair and stood up, cracking my back. “Over the past four days, three police cars have driven by and Lestrade still hasn’t come to us with a case. I’m incredibly…”
“God no.” I said. The man continued to cry. “This is fantastic.” The man got up from the chair and ran out the door. I rolled my eyes. “First I run into David, then we have reporters…”
Just a reminder, I don't own Sherlock (or a majority of the plot that is about to come). BBC and Arthur Patrick Doyle own it. I am simply a humble messenger scraping up the ideas they left on the floor. I hope you enjoy this next one! :)
“If I really wanted to get that knife out of your hands I would. And probably break your wrist in the process.”
It didn’t take long for the space between cases to increase, the space between rent and income increasing. I’d avoided a job for a while, not wanting to abandon a life of excitement for something boring and drab, though eventually it was inevitable. A Doctor's office across town finally needed someone and I leapt at the opportunity to make additional money. Leaving my coat on the rack I stepped out the door of the flat and into the street. I walked down to the bus stop and waited until the dusty blue bus pulled up at the stop. Same as almost everyday of the week, I took one of the seats in the front of the bus. I pulled my bag onto my lap and watched as the city turned into a blur outside the window. I felt eyes on me and turned. A woman was sitting across from me on the bus, a small purple bag on her lap. For how young she looked, her face was lined almost as if she spent too much time worrying. She smiled at me and I smiled back. Her long dark hair was in waves the hung over her shoulders. At the next stop she stood and slid into the seat next to me. She held out a bony hand.
“Where’s the crazy?” He asked, looking up the stairs and into the part of the flat you could see through the cracked door.
Lestrade came and picked him up. He informed me that the company had been arrested and shut down after finding drugs that induced shock. I walked back into the flat and noticed that Jane was still sleeping. Her sleeping was restless, the effects would wear off soon. I left her on the couch and headed to my room.
“Why did you leave me? You keep telling me that you’re going to help me, but you keep leaving. AHH!!” She screamed, the plane shaking. I panicked.
“I… I can’t…” I started. She put the box in my hands and I marveled that a woman so young had the mannerisms of someone twice her age.
“Coming?” I asked. She looked back at me and gave me a strained smile. “I’d be lost without my blogger.”
“I love you.” She whispered, and the phone hung up. The clock stopped and Molly sunk over the counter. Relief flushed through me, she was safe. A pang of sadness followed, knowing that Molly would never be able to forget.
“And what did you wear to Buckingham Palace?” I asked, already knowing the answer. Sherlock didn’t answer, though both our gazes flicked over to the ashtray on the table. I laughed a little. “I’m going to go grab something from the store.” I said, grabbing my jacket from the hook. I headed outside and the cool breeze of autumn whipped my hair around. I took a tie out of my pocket and pulled my hair up before heading to the store. As I rummaged through the frozen foods isle, I saw a familiar face, though it was not a pleasant one.
“Mycroft…” I warned, but he’d already vanished. I rubbed the fog from my eyes and my old bedroom turned into the flat. It was strange sometimes, talking to someone who was just a projection of the mind. Really, everyone was a projection. Their own mind creating images and expectations. I stood up and walked around the flat, trying not to pick up the shotgun and add another hole to the wall. I stopped and looked up the stairs, straining to here Jane upstairs. When I didn’t hear the familiar groan of the floorboards meaning she was upstairs I turned and look back in the direction of her chair, thinking maybe I’d overlooked her again. I hadn’t. I picked up my violin and launched into a familiar tune, my fingers moving across the memorized threads. The sun began to lower in the sky when the door clanged open. Jane walked into the kitchen and dumped a large sack onto the table, disrupting the beakers.
It felt strange, how much I had thought things had changed and how they continued to. One might have thought that after The Final Problem and after Eurus, we might have retired. That was not the case. It seemed that in the weeks that came after, the cases slowed, not showing up at all. In those days, one could hear Sherlock’s pacing and the sound of another bullet lodging into our wall from outside. Then, once the world had seemed to come to terms with what had happened, the cases came in again. Lestrade stopped in every once and awhile, handing off cases that the current Detective Fair deemed unworthy of solving or was deemed unworthy to solve. Of course, none of them were above a decent four, and I found myself one day, bored. I slumped down into my chair, throwing the paper onto the table.
“Thank heavens!!” She yelled. He waded through the thick water and grabbed onto her arm, giving her support. He told her something and she pointed down into the water. He reached down into the water and dismantled something. He then guided her over to the ladder. She started up a couple of rungs before she turned back to him. Turning back to him, she pointed to one of the corners and told him something. He began to follow her up the ladder only stopping to look down into the water where she’d pointed.
“Grab a cab and head to Hudson Boulevard. If you’re there before me, wait.” I paused. I could hear muted sirens in the background. “Do I hear sirens?” I asked.
“There’s not any geographic ties, the killings were found all over the city but have only happened in London.” She said with a frown. “The only thing we have to go off is the description.” I looked at the map, trying to find some of the nearly invisible ties between them. None.
“It doesn’t change much of anything.” She said, she stepped closer. For a second, I thought she was going to reach out and touch my arm. Instead, she stopped and looked at me, not daring to move any closer. “But no matter how much I hate you, I’m glad you’re back.” She said with a sad smile. I stood up a little bit straighter and she walked into the kitchen, pulling out a mug.
“Brought you a package.” I told her. She moved over and pulled a pocket knife from her pants pocket. She slid the knife across the opening and pulled out a book and a folder. She set the book down and opened the folder. She read a little before holding it out for me. I didn’t immediately respond and after a second she just threw it over other papers that littered the kitchen table. She picked up the book and headed into the lounging area and settled into her chair.
The elevator dinged and Jane walked out. She was wearing the same black jeans and grey shirt as before though her pants were dusted in flour.
Jane continued to help me on the case, setting up Lestrade's office like it was our flat. He’d found a cork board for us to use instead of sticking pictures to the wall. Jane showed up in a pair of pail blue scrubs and I raised an eyebrow.
It was hard to believe that I’d agreed to move into the flat after I killed someone. I’d barely even been a day, not even a week. The gun now sat in a drawer in my room, somewhat neglected. The kettle on the stove began to whistle and I got up from my chair. I poured the steaming water into a cup, pulling out the tea bags I let one settle to the bottom. I brought the cup back to my chair and pulled out the newspaper. Politics, more politics. I read the news anyways, it wouldn’t do me much good if I didn’t know what was going on in the world. Sherlock walked into the room, his robe trailing on the floor. I looked up at him and he sat down in his chair across from mine. I scanned him over while he didn’t spare me a glance. I picked up a spoon and stirred my cup a little, the tea almost ready. Sherlock rose and went into the kitchen. I heard the fridge door open and little glasses clinking together. He marched back into the room, a vile filled with fingernails floating in some strange liquid. I was almost used to it, the random things that I found in the fridge and cupboards. Sherlock came over and picked up my teacup, quickly downing it before setting it back down.
“There’s a gun in the hatch,” Eurus explained. Sherlock moved over to the hatch and picked up the gun. “Choose either Mycroft or Jane to shoot him. If not, I’ll shoot his wife.” Sherlock's face paled a little and he turned as if to shoot the Governor himself. “No, no Sherlock. It can’t be you or it won’t count.” Count, almost as if it was a game. Sherlock glanced in my direction before walking over to Mycroft. I couldn’t help but feel relieved. He held the gun out to him and Mycroft took a step back, his face just as pale as the white lights in the cell.
[There’s a starting off detective, he won’t get off my back. I just need someone who can guide him a little tomorrow.]
“It’s a case so it’s not for me.” She said. She opened the book and began to read it. I got a chance to glance at the cover and was able to identify it as a classic. Jane Austen maybe. I didn’t care much for fictional works. The shelves in the living room were lined with different books on languages, the world, and records. I didn’t think it would take Jane very long to become bored of that book. I doubted she’d make it half-way. I threw the chemicals into the trash and picked up the folder. It was a thick, heavy folder. ‘It’s important than’ I thought. I set it at the bottom of the pile made my way into the living room. I picked up my violin and began to play. Jane looked up, already knowing that I didn’t look at the case. She turned back to the book and only ended up reading for a couple more minutes. I was right. Though, that wasn’t much or a surprise. I continued to play, my own thoughts intermingling. I went through the last case in my head, going over details and little facts that I could pull out of my head. I wasn’t standing in my flat anymore, I was standing on the grounds of my childhood home, watching Mycroft and I play on the bank of a small creek. I turned when a voice rang out, I looked over and spotting Jane standing in the doorway of my home. She smiled and beckoned to me.
I smiled and nodded and waited for a taxi to pull up along the curb. Sherlock opened the door, but this time held it there. I slid into the seat and across into the spot Sherlock usually took in a cab. I looked out the back window to see a cop car pull up to the cafe as the taxi began to pull away.
“Fear of the dark.” Jane said. Halle pointed to the outlet closest to her. A night-light was plugged into the wall but the bulb was smashed. I turned to look around the room again. Everything in the room was designed to be light. Thin blinds, Television, several night-lights. But the curtains. Thick grey curtains had been pulled up around the windows. No one with a fear of the dark would have heavy curtains. I walked over to the fabric and rubbed it in between my fingers. New material, non-expensive. Halle guided Jane out of the room and I could hear what she was saying as she walked down the stairs.
“You’re doing a brave thing.” I said, trying to convince myself I was doing the same. I brought the gun up but couldn’t bear to pull the trigger. I felt shaky though my hands were unnaturally sure. My notebook, all the lives I took written inside. Did it really need another name? I lowered the gun and little and prompted him to kneel. I could do it. I was more than this. More than what? He knelt and I pressed the gun to his head. How many times had I done this? How many times had someone done this to me? Forced into a kneeling position and the death breaking down the back of your neck. I closed my eyes, willing myself to pull the trigger. I couldn’t. Not again. Too many lives. Too many innocents. My record was already black enough. I lowered the gun, tears threatening to block out my vision.  “I can’t” I said, lowering the gun to my side. I cast a glance at Sherlock, whose face once again was unreadable. The Governor snatched the gun from my hand and pressed it under his neck. A similar picture flashed through my mind and I reached forward to take it from him, yelling.
“Good to see you old friend. Though I wish it wasn’t under certain circumstances. I’ve got cases for you… if you’re interested.” He said with a laugh, leading me into an office room in the back. Mycroft was sitting at a desk and was pulling out a file. I reached for it but he pulled it away.
When I finally made it back to the flat the sky had turned dark and the lights of the city were blazing. I opened the door of the flat and listened to it click shut. I left the car parked out front, Mycroft or his driver was going to have to come and get it himself. I walked up the stairs to my bedroom and dumped my shoes unceremoniously in the closet. I grabbed a fist of cloths from one of my drawers and walked into the bathroom. I stopped and looked at myself in the mirror. More hairs had escaped the braid in my hair and I yanked it out, waves of hair dropping to my shoulder. My makeup was a bit smeared and the dress had a wonderful yellowish stain right down the middle. I doubted that it would come out. My eyes finally welled up with tears and I struggled to keep them from falling. I wiped the makeup off my face and peeled off the dress. I stepped into the shower and cleaned my hair. I hadn’t even lasted two hours. After I dried my hair and put the dress in the closet, not even bothering to try to get the stain out. I pulled on a pair of checkered pajama pants and a black shirt. I didn’t bother eating anything and sat on my bed, staring at the peeling paint on the wall. Eventually I feel into a stupor, willing myself to think about anything than the party. I hoped Sherlock would find a ride back, though Elana would probably be more than happy to bring him back and if push comes to shove Mycroft was there. After a while I turned out the light and laid on the bed, staring at the ceiling well after I heard Sherlock walk into the flat.
“Thanks for your help.” She said sarcastically, tucking a hair that's fallen out of her ponytail behind her ear. I knew she didn’t need the help and ignoring her, Mycroft spoke.
“Martha Winthrop.” Lestrade answered, looking over a file. Sherlock turned over the letter, looking at the address.
“I apprehended him.” was her simple answer. “I’ll be there in just a minute.” She said and hung up the phone. I marveled at how she didn’t question anything I said. I could be sending her to her death, and she wouldn’t questions. ‘Loyalty makes fools’ a voice whispered in my head. I batted it away. I stood and grabbed my jacket from the rack. I turned up the collar and stepped out the door. Mycroft had moved the knocker to be centered on the door. I moved it back. I stepped into the street and hailed a taxi.
I told the cab to follow the trucks, though it became difficult as they sped through red lights. Eventually, I pulled out my phone and texted Lestrade.
“Isn’t that a while south of here?” She asked. I nodded. Queensberry was a notorious school, this girl was probably lucky to get in especially at her age.
“Yeah, I wasn’t supposed to go in today but they’re having a surgery and I have to be there.” She smirked in a similar manner to Sherlock.
“Plus, you would've just touched the evidence.” He said. Dawson looked down at the forlorn needle in his hand. His face turned red and I looked at my watch. I put a hand on Dawson's shoulder.
“Brought you something. Sample of food off the floor, white residue. Supposed to look like yeast, but it looks like heroin.” Sherlock grabbed the bag as I threw it to him. He quickly made his way into the kitchen and went to his microscope. After reading for a while I grabbed my coat and made my way out. I called to Sherlock, but I doubted that he heard me or was paying attention. I walked down the road and stopped at a small cafe and grabbed some bread. I ate it as I walked further down the road. My military instincts kicked in and I wandered the city without forgetting how to get back. Eventually I found myself in a flowering park. I sat down and watched small kids run around. A young couple was sitting not far from me, playing with a baby. I felt a twist in my gut and my food didn’t settle. I couldn’t help but feel jealous of someone with a loving family, with a partner that loved them completely and doesn’t leave their children alone. I tried to shake the thoughts from my head and made my way back to the flat.
“Just stick by me, and try not to offend anyone.” He said, grabbing my arm. He looped my arm through him and gave me a quick glance before we walked up the stairs. We checked Sherlocks name off the list, and checked the box under the plus one. I tried not to be offended. It didn’t take long to identify some familiar faces in the crowd. I noticed politicians, doctors, and celebrities mingling in the crowd. I mentally marked three doors and windows before proceeding. Sherlock guided me slightly out of the crowd and it didn’t take long before Mycroft appeared. He looked at me and frowned, handing Sherlock a note.
“Yes.” He said. I wanted to tell him no, but really, I kind of did care. I cleared the dishes and cleaned them so that they would be clean when Ms. Hudson came back for them.
The morning light streamed through the window and the light was still on. I turned the light off and slipped out of bed. I grabbed a white shirt and pulled it on and snatched a romper from the stack of clothes on my dresser. I combed back my hair and pulled it into a ponytail. I looked at myself in the floor length mirror. I frowned at myself in the mirror. I looked fine, though I didn’t feel it. I headed downstairs. I sat on the sofa and waited for the kettle to whistle. I hadn’t seen Sherlock yet, though I didn’t think much of it. He probably disappeared as much as I did, though he got in more trouble when he did. I flipped on the T.V and the news began to scroll across the screen. Lottery numbers, unemployment rates, politicians being themselves. Suddenly an news reporter popped onto the screen.
“Ms. Hudson is going to kill you if you ruin the floor again.” I told him. He moved out of the room as if he didn’t hear me. I grabbed a towel and mopped it up with my foot, leaving the towel on the ground. I drank my tea and found Sherlock standing in front of the Telly. He turned to me and smiled.
“Tell Lestrade to pull back up the case of Jenny Harrow. Her murderer’s right here.” I told him. I walked out and nodded goodbye to Landon who suddenly looked tired. “I have one more to talk to.”
“Jenny Harrow. 20 years old and still in college. Studying Liberal Arts at Canon University. Dropped out a few months ago. Parents filed a report that she was missing around the time she dropped out. Police wrote it off when they found all of her belongings in her apartment.” I listed. I clicked on the news from the week of Jenny’s disappearance. Sherlock tapped his fingers and turned back to the pictures.
Thursday was just about the same, though I found myself looking forward to seeing a familiar face in a crowd full of blanks. I stepped onto the bus and sat down next to her. She smiled and pulled out a chocolate palette.
“Yes, your brother told me that you might stop by.” He told me. My mood grimmed a little. Stupid Mycroft. He gestured to the house and walked us into the main foyer. He pointed up the stairs. “His room is the second to the left. Oh, wait!” He said as we turned to mount the stairs. He stepped out the door and returned with a girl. She had long hair that was pulled back into a slick high ponytail. She was wearing a crisp white shirt and black slacks with a long black suit coat to match. She smiled and offered her hand.
“Found anything?” Sherlock’s voice rang out on the other end. I held up a finger to Landon, letting him know I was going to be a minute.
Jane shrugged her shoulders, “Then you better find something.” She drank some of the tea and put the cup on the table beside her chair. I picked up a knife from a table and threw it at the wall. “Sherlock…” Jane started. I yanked it from the wall and threw it again. “Sherlock!” She said, raising her voice, I turned, grabbed the knife and threw it into the wall. She physically flinched though the knife was nowhere near her. I inwardly made a note not to throw knives near someone with PTSD. She stood from her chair, disrupting the teacup sitting on the table causing it to shatter on the floor. Jane looked at me credulously before bending down and picking up the shards of glass off the floor. She turned, went into the kitchen and I picked up the knife, throwing it one more time into the wall before leaving it there. She came back into the room fully composed. “Sherlock. You can’t go around throwing knives.” She said.
“It’s almost out of my system.” He said and I remembered that Sherlock didn’t like coffee much. I picked up a book and began to read when the doorbell rang. I got up and opened the door to find Lestrade. His face was pale and cold and he looked winded.
“Hamil.” She said. I nodded and gestured for her to continue. “I’ve been working here for just over three years and well, nothing like this has ever happened. I mean, the Halloween party was pretty scary, but I don’t think there were any dead bodies…”
I searched my closet for something a little bit nicer. We were going to be with a celebrity, but I couldn’t find anything fancy. I despised skirts and dresses and settled for beige sweater that muted my hair color. I pulled a pair of dark pants out and slipped them on. I folded my jumper and set it back in its place before heading downstairs. Sherlock was sitting in his chair and I moved into the kitchen looking for my phone. After a few minutes of looking for it, I gave up and turned to my computer. I thought that I was going to write about out last case but found that I couldn’t recall details. I hardly knew anything about the case. I frowned and shut the computer. I looked at Sherlock who was putting all his focus into the palace in his mind.
“It was nice today.” She said, looking up at me. I nodded and turned back to my own cup. She leaned back and looked around the still baren flat. “If you need any help putting this place back together I’d be glad to help.” She told me. I looked around the flat, the covered furniture, the bare, clean walls. The place didn’t feel whole until now.
“Hm. I guess she was.” He said with a smirk. I rolled my eyes but couldn’t help but smile. “So the body…” He began.
Two packages appeared on the kitchen table the next morning. I picked them up and weighed them in my hands.
“I’m sure he’ll love that.” I laughed a little and I finished off the last bit of liquid in the cup. Jane looked down at her watch and stood. “I should get back to my flat.” She said, grabbing her bag. She made her way towards the door, dodging papers, boxes, and photos scattered on the floor. She turned around and smiled. “If you need help with anything Sherlock, I’m here for you.” And she turned and walked out. The flat seemed to empty out a bit, though the rift seemed a bit smaller than it had been the morning before. I stood, leaving the dishes on the table, and walked into my room. Files were scattered all over the bed and floor. I picked up one that was about to fall off the desk and began to read it.
“Pretty much.” I said and Sherlock smirked. I looked outside as the homes turned more and more luxurious as the street continued. When we pulled up the house I couldn’t help but gape a little. The house must have been at least five floors and the outside was made of white marble. A flock of reporters stood not far and when I stepped out of the cab a couple of them turned to me. It was only when Sherlock got out that they began to rush.
It didn’t take long for us to be called for a case. I was sorting through my things when Sherlock yelled from downstairs.
“I can’t.” He said, readjusting his shoulders. “I won’t do it. I won’t have innocent blood on my hands.” Sherlock turned to face me and I stared at him, silently begging him not to make me take another life. He extended the gun towards me. I shifted foot to foot before taking it. The familiar grooves of the gun fitting into my palm. This was my gun.
“That’s right, save the hard work for the woman Sherlock.” Eurus said with a smile. The Governor pleaded with me.
“That was fantastic.” I said, marching outside. I whistled sharply and a taxi stopped. Without waiting for Sherlock I slipped in the cab and gave him directions. Sherlock got into the cab after snapping something at Lestrade. The taxi pulled into the street and made its way back to Baker Street. I pulled the door open to the flat and called Ms. Hudson. Soon, there was a tray of tea and biscuits sitting on the table in the sitting room. I pulled off my coat and hung it by the door. Sitting down in the sofa, I flipped on the T.V. The news was still broadcasting what they called the Morgenstern Scandal. (Though it wasn’t much of a scandal). It showed a feed of Sherlock getting out of the car and entering the house. Conspiracy theories were already going on and on about why we were even there. If it was really that bad to call the Great Sherlock who gratefully still didn’t look high. Sherlock plucked down in his chair and drunk a cup of tea.
“You see Sherlock, we’re going full circle. From where you began to where end.” Eurus said, and I walked purposefully into the house.
“The worst one was one from yesterday, Mycroft made sure that none of these cases hit the public too hard, trying to keep it on the down low. All of the victims had their throats cut open, this one was a bit… messier.” He flipped open the file and laid it on top of the others. “Mariah Jacks, age 32. Found in the London Metro.” He said. Jane gulped and flipped through the photos, a college grad photo, someone who obviously was her brother, and finally, her body. Where others might have cringed, looked away, or thrown up, Jane looked right at it. I unclipped the physical description and looked it over. Suddenly, a phone rang. Jane hurriedly reached into her bag and pulled out her phone.
“We have a client.” She said. I snapped back to reality and stopped playing. I turned to see Jane looking at me while using a woman into our flat. She grabbed the chair we use for clients and set in in the middle of the room. The woman was watching me as I made my way to my chair. I sat down and began to deduce. Her nails were glossy, recently done and not chipped yet. Her hair was a mess and though she looked together, she wasn’t completely put together. Time management problems. The front of her sweater had hairs on it, cat hairs. A white one to be precise. Wedding band, but no ring tan, meaning she doesn’t wear it often. Not a divorce. At least not yet. Her makeup was smeared a little in the corner of her eyes, she’d been crying. Relatively recently. No job, at least based on her shoes which were in prime condition but not new. I paused when Jane sat down and asked her her name and her story.
“There is no way you can get us to condemn a man.” Mycroft said, attempting to straighten his posture into somewhat of a commanding position. The speaker crackle and the voice of a scared girl gurgled over.
“Sherlock!! Sherlock!!” I whipped around, Jane’s voice now echoing over the speakers. I couldn’t help but feel relieved that she was alive.
I'd just like to thank everyone for reading and sticking by me (especially my editing crew). I hope you enjoyed reading it as much as I loved writing it. If you didn't realize, yeah, this is the end and I hope you're satisfied. It took me many, many tries to get the ending right. Comments and constructive criticism are always welcome and appreciated! I love you all!!
“A couple months ago.” She said, looking up. “Nice lady.” Lestrade fingered the last file in his hand and continued to de-brief us.
“Why can’t you just say it Molly?!” Sherlock exclaimed. Molly began to break down, a couple tears falling onto the counter.
“Of course, rich people have some strange etique that I will never understand.” I said. Sherlock laughed a little and a black car pulled up in front of the flat.
“Anything.” I said. He looked around the room, now avoiding anything but my eyes. I might not be as good as Sherlock, but I knew he was nervous.
“I’m starting to think you’re not.” He stated, casting a glance in Mycroft's direction. Static came back over the intercom and the little girl's voice once again came over the screen.
“I don’t know, she insisted that I took it so we could have a ‘proper’ meal.” She said, putting air quotes on the word proper. “I don’t even know how to use all these spices.”
“You’ll get it.” I said. He tried to smile, but failed. We headed back to the office building and Dawson stopped me outside the doors.
“What can you tell me about your relationship with Marissa Carter?” Sherlock asked. Her Ex-husband put fingers to his eyes and applied pressure, rubbing his hands over his pale face. He might have been attractive if he had a better air and looked like he actually took care of himself.
“Well, if you could tell me what you know, I would be glad to help.” He said. A young woman came over. She was wearing a short strapless black mourning dress. She smiled at Sherlock and grabbed his arm. Sherlock tensed a little and I continued to make my way to the back room without being noticed. She guided him to a chair and let him sit. She sat across from him with who I assumed was her mother.
“I’m more famous that you are Mr. Sherlock Holmes.” She said, enraged. “You and your little lackey run around London doing who knows what while I am a contributing member of society.”
“I don’t know if people are usually receptive of your fashion critiques but you should keep your mouth shut.”
“Get out.” I repeated, my mind searching. Dawson was annoying, always asking stupid questions. The only person who probably could tolerate him was Anders. The two of them could lower the IQ of the whole world.
“Yes, yes. I’m sorry. Tell me, outside, is it day or night?” Sherlock asked, quickly taking advantage of the time he had to talk with her. The girl hesitated,
“I mean… we were dating. It wasn’t all that serious, but after she got all that money from her dad…” He stopped and licked his lips. His eyes locked with mine and while he was talking with Sherlock, his eyes stayed glued to mine. “She was going to dump me for someone richer than I am. I make good money, and I was scared of her leaving me. After she tried to dump me, we had an argument. I killed her.” Sherlock stood and looked over each man. They all looked guilty to me. The signs were all there. Flicking eyes, licking lips, stories that don’t all match.
“You’ve got to treasure the sweet things in life, you never know when they’ll be gone.” She said. I slipped the box into my bag and vowed to bring her something the next day.
“Danna Turner, almost 43 years old when a month ago she was found with her throat slit in her flat. Dawson tried to tell me it was suicide, but we hardly had any suicide cases since… you get the idea.”
“We’re going to a Morgenstern party, if it’s as lavish as they’ve been before all we’ll have to do is take a wine glass and we’ll have enough for the next year.”
“Same as the report.” He said. I rummaged through my pocket and pulled out the bag of food I’d grabbed.
“Sherlock…” Lestrade started. I watched Sherlock verbally destroy Kennedy Morgenstern's facade. I stood up after a few more minutes of throwing insults and made my way to the door. I pulled my overcoat back on and waited by the door. A second later, Sherlock came around, being practically dragged out by Lestrade.
“The usual. Sherlock and I will probably have people at the flat within the next hour.” David's face fell at the mention of Sherlock.
“It was a close family friend. Jealous. She was the only one who seemed not to care that her best friend was dead.” He said. I nodded and poured the tea into a cup and walked back upstairs.
“I didn’t say you got to see this.” He said, dropping it on the desk. A small T.V was propped up on a small table in the corner. Mycroft gestured to the two chairs and I sat down, once again feeling too comfortable. Mycroft gestured to Lestrade. “Why don’t you start?” He said. Lestrade shook his head.
“I’m Marcus Henry, an associate of James Hudson law firm.” He said. Sherlock didn’t shake his hand but rather left him standing there. Eventualle Marcus Henry put his hand down and I gestured to the chair. I settled down in my chair and he pulled out a briefcase. “I won’t take too much of your time.” He said, “You knew a Marissa Carter did you not?”
“Yes. I already contacted Lestrade. Now I just need something else to do.” He said. We took cases all day, most of which Sherlock solved from out flat. I listened, made comments, and sometimes wrote things down. By dinner, I made Sherlock eat, shoving a plate of food into his hands. I sat down and began to write my blog. The Three Way Murder. I talked about what had happened, though when I got to the interrogation, I ultimately ended up replacing myself with Sherlock. Sherlock found the body, Sherlock did the interrogation, Sherlock solved the mystery. I asked Sherlock about details I didn’t remember. Names, ages, places. I knew he’d remember.
“Yes, but you confessed to a murder that wasn’t the one that happened today.” I told him. He leaned back in his chair and gave me a once over.
“None of the files match the body.” He said, handing Lestrade a file and walking back out. Finally, Jane picked up.
The next day I ran down the stairs, practically tripping over the stairs. I grabbed my coat and slammed my feet into some shoes.
“Yes!! She knows how to deal with annoying people!!” I grabbed my phone out of my coat pocket and dialed her number. A forensic officer came up as the phone was ringing.
“She had valuable information for the British Government, in response, she got treats. She’s quite clever…” Mycroft said
“Who knows. All we know if that their descriptions match pretty much to the letter.” Lestrade said, pulling out yet another folder. This one was colored, with notes attached to various pages. It was much thicker than the others. He handed it over and I flipped it over and was met by a picture of Jane from the military.
“Yes. Both the brain and the heart were malnourished. The strange part is that Henry had extreme Nyctophobia.”
“Come on Sherlock.” I said. He looked up. A lot of the looks I got were vacant, unseeing. But he seemed to see, and for once, I didn’t mind if he deduced me. He grabbed my hand and I helped him up, handing him the all to familiar gun. Sherlock made his way to the door and I followed after him.
“Well, I don’t know what help she could be. I’ve read all about it in your blog.” She said. It was Sherlock's turn to be annoyed.
“Oh, come on!! Don’t you miss all the adventures you had with Sherlock!! Don’t you want to do that again!!” He exclaimed. The shades pushed at my eyelids again.
“No visible wounds.” She said, gingerly lifting the corpses arm. “He’s been dead for a while.” She sniffed the air and stood up. “I’d guess some kind of scandal. The body smells like preserving chemicals from the morgue, so there really wasn’t a murder.” She looked at me and small pieces began to click together. It would have been the perfect opportunity for someone to set up to get someone fired, finding the body on this floor would make it so that everyone working in this part of the building would be a suspect. If evidence turned to one individual, they would eliminated from the equation. Normally, the closet wouldn’t be opened, or if it was it would be by Ms. Hamil. Since the power went out, it would be the perfect opportunity for someone to sneak in the dark, though accidentally turning on the fire alarm would make the authorities come. With the authorities here and the whole floor stuck in one place, there wouldn’t be time to plant the evidence in one of their desks. That meant that somewhere in the office, someone would have fake, incriminating evidence sitting in their desk. Since the whole office except for this floor had been dismissed, they would have enough time to go back and remove the evidence from their own office. Hoping that the cops didn’t figure any connections, they’d be able to come back and remove it without a word. I clapped my hands.
“Your brother keeps files on everyone.” He answered tapping the physical description page. 5’3 ½”, dirty blonde, hazel eyes. The consistencies were there, the question was why?
“I went to re-stock. I told you that before I left.” I said. Sherlock blinked a couple of times and the women sitting in the client's chair stared at me.
“David.” Sherlock spat. “What a goldfish.” I smirked at him, for once we had similar opinions. I’d tried to balance Sherlock and some of my old “friends”, and in the end, I just let them go. It was worth it in the end, though David seemed to feel the most wounded at the fact I no longer wanted to be associated with him. I opened my laptop and clicked through emails, most of them spam. I’d changed my email and phone number several times after some fan kept getting hold of them. Sherlock picked up the violin and began to play. I admired the way that he played and had no doubt that with their family that Mycroft also had some secret talent other than being annoying.
“Yes! Yes I can! Now get out of my bloody flat Mycroft!” I yelled. Mycroft slunk towards the door and slipped it through. I put my coat on the rack, and threw my shoes into a small cubby. I’d become a lot more organized now that I didn’t share a flat. Everything had a place and nothing even left. A brown package sat on the small table. I threw it away, not bothering to unwrap the brown paper. I was done with them. I opened my phone and blocked Mycroft's number. I threw my phone onto the counter and skipped dinner. I tended to make food, but now, I practically longed for a microwave meal. I went into the small room and changed into different clothes, setting the dirty ones into a sack in the closet. I laid down on the bed, somewhat glad that the next day wasn’t a week day.
“Her medication? She was on antidepressants.” He said. Sherlock nodded for him to continue. “So I added it so that her dose would be somewhat lethal. I hoped she would die, and I could just come and take stuff from her apartment. When I thought her dose would be enough to kill her, or at least incapacitate her, I came to get the money. I discovered she hadn’t been taking her medicine, and I was caught. So I killed her.”
“I don’t think I’ve ever been over here before.” I said, looking at the vast arrangements of flowers and shrubbery.
“Well, Ms. Winthrop was having some family problems after her father died and came over to my brothers law-firm to get help getting some of her dads things.” He licked his lips again. “My brother didn’t have time to help her, so I told her I would. I continued to help her try to come get some of what her father left her.” Sherlock looked him over. Scanning fingernails, bits of hair, how the very dust settled around him.
“Close..Sher-Sherlock…I’m---“ John sucked in a breath before his orgasm hit him, ecstasy running though his veins as he came. Sherlock came right after, the feeling of John’s body against his sending shivers through out him. It was only after a few more minutes before either man caught his breath, the cold air causing goose bumps to form.
“Oh fuck Sherlock!” John yelled. “Oh Sherlock I’m going-“ He tried to speak, his orgasm coming in full blast cutting him off. He came hard; his come splattering on his and Sherlock’s clothes. Sherlock came right then, falling forward on top of John, who fell backwards onto the desk.
Sherlock ravaged John’s lips, which caused John to go limp, enjoying this rough side of Sherlock as he was turned away from the water spray and up against the wall.
When John pulled the red lace panties on, he was surprised to how well they fit him. He glanced at himself in the mirror and had to say that they made his arse look rather fine. He took a breath and pulled on the rest of his clothes, a naughty feeling inside him growing as he walked into the sitting room.
John woke up the next morning with a headache and a painfully empty stomach. The too familiar emotions sent panic throughout him, causing him to think for a second that everything that had happened was a dream. The panic subsided as quickly as it appeared when the sound of soft music was heard from the living room. He got up slowly, letting the dizziness drift away before he fully got up and strolled into the bathroom. After washing his face and brushing his teeth, he went back to the bedroom, pulling out clean clothes from his duffel bag he had yet to unpack.
He brought John to orgasm quickly, the doctor nearly going limp against Sherlock. The two stood under the warm water for a good five minutes before John stood back slightly, whispering about getting the sunscreen washed off completely so he can truly taste Sherlock.
Sherlock blushed, leaning down to kiss on John’s lips. “You don’t look so bad yourself…Captain.” He whispered, the last word said slowly and roughly.
Sherlock didn’t need to be told twice. He slowly moved his hips enough for John to get a rhythm. John’s eyes blew open as Sherlock’s cock brushed his prostate.
“However, we are issuing you to attend mandatory therapy sessions by someone we’ve worked with before, given that you were suicidal and do currently suffer from PTSD.”
After a quick greeting, the four made their way aboard the boat, Greg going over the basic knowledge about sailing, handing Sherlock and John life-vests.
“John…” Sherlock started, and was about to turn away when John grabbed Sherlock’s hand, pulling him forward.
“Okay.” John said, and made his way out of Scotland Yard, and to a small café only a few blocks away.
John took the bag and peered inside. He gasped at the sight of bright red lace and looked back at Sherlock, who was looking away.
a drug addict. His head was hurting, his stomach still empty, his body exhausted but his mind buzzing with energy. He couldn’t sit still, or divert his attention to anything, so he paced.
The constant stream of abuse was getting out of hand now and John stepped forward, tapping Sherlock’s shoulder.
“I’m s—…I…” he gulped; he hadn’t really interacted with anyone in a while and the connection he and Sherlock had was…a unique one.
John cringed again at the wording, even though they were true. He thought for a moment, carefully planning out what he wanted to say and how.
Sherlock, startled by the sudden emotional state John was in, froze. John’s breathing became unsteady again, his body shaking.
Finally, with the tension building, John slowly turned around, ready to explain himself when he was bombarded with Sherlock right behind him. Before John had time to curse at Sherlock for sneaking up on him, Sherlock planted his lips onto John’s.
“Its just…” John leaned up to Sherlock’s ear. “Why do you work for these people when they aren’t treating you very nicely…?” He whispered so only Sherlock could hear.
Everyone turned to where the sound came from, seeing a member of forensics walk out, camera around his neck, and a gloved hand holding a small bag of white powder.
John didn’t find anything funny and so he stood up quickly, no longer under threat and pulled out the gun from his coat, aiming it at the cabbie. The cabbie’s face fell as John released the safety off.
John woke up to a warmth pressing against his cheek. He kept his eyes shut but started taking in everything he was feeling. His throat, for one, was dry, and his eyes felt raw. He realised he was on his side, for his left arm was underneath something solid and his right was clutching something soft and warm. Whatever his head was on was hard, almost bony and when he cracked open his eyes he realised he was sleeping on Sherlock, his head resting on Sherlock’s chest. He blinked against the sunlight streaming in through the window, and unclenched his hand that was on Sherlock’s stomach.
“Maybe…you saw me on the television. I’m…” Sherlock then thought to hell with the case. “I’m not actually part of the cleaning crew here. I’m undercover…maybe you saw me in the paper or something…like that.”
“And here, have some gum, it’ll freshen your breath.” Molly said rummaging through her windbreaker and then pulling out a packet of gum. She handed it to Sherlock.
“Sherlock-Sherlock what are we doing?” John asked, throwing the door closed behind him as Sherlock tugged him to the balcony.
John was taking deep breaths, massaging Sherlock back as Sherlock loosened his grasp from John's shoulders.
Sherlock finally got his trousers off, and was shaking slightly as he struggled to pull of his shirt while still keeping the towel on.
“Sherlock…” John said, licking his lips. “Fuck it.” He muttered, walking swiftly towards Sherlock, smashing his lips onto Sherlock’s emitting a startled but enthusiastic groan from the latter. They tasted each other, John’s hands in Sherlock’s curls and on his neck, Sherlock’s hands coming to wrap around John’s waist.
John let out a sigh of relief. He smiled, blushing. Sherlock smiled back, his eyes gleaming as he held the cab’s door open.
After getting rid of the initial pain, John stood up slowly and turned around only to stop suddenly in his tracks to see Sherlock, staring at him in the most lustful way he ever seen the genius. He gulped, suddenly aware he was shirtless, his jeans riding quite low on his hips.
“Yep. Come along John.” Sherlock said, jumping out of the cab, a few houses a way from their intended destination.
John nodded in response and stared at Marie who was currently chewing on what looked like a dog toy.
“No you weren’t. You-you had a nightmare last night and wouldn’t want to go to sleep. Why John? Tell me.”
“Of course. A man about to kill himself in public ought to have known somebody might call the police. Though you hoped that wouldn’t happen since you timed this to happen in the early morning. You just forgot about the cleaning service.”
?-relationship and he hadn’t been with a man since university. He didn’t know Sherlock as well as he should, but the man was an enigma; somehow not only talking him down from a ledge but also actually taking an interest in him and no one’s done that in too long of a time. He took a deep breath, but any worries blooming in his mind are interrupted by a soft knock at the door.
“Sherlock?” John said as he entered the kitchen. The state of the kitchen was not what John thought he’d see. There was no mess. The breakfast was sitting on the table, still steaming, but all the dishes that had been used were now in the sink, being washed or had already been washed, and were now drying.
John looked at Sherlock, his eyes glistening. “Sherlock I…” He paused, swallowing. He cleared his throat. “I have had nightmares for a while now Sherlock and what I found to prevent any panic attacks from happening is if I…get close with you. The sex sort of just happened. And I enjoy it. I thought you did too.”
“John-” Sherlock tried to speak, but John was lying on top of him, their nakedness completely ignored, and he was clutching at him rather tightly.
John sat in the office of the detective inspector – Lestrade – his hands handcuffed in front of him. After turning in his not so legal gun in he was detained and then sent to the DI’s office. It wasn’t long until the DI himself entered.
situation had caused. The feeling of Sherlock pressed so close to him, and the feeling of his soft lips begging a way into his mouth had him nearly hard. He gave in, allowing Sherlock’s tongue to slide into his mouth and the two began kissing each other; mapping out each other’s mouths.
Sherlock then began to laugh as well, resting his head against John. He then rolled his hips, his cock still in John, it now brushing John’s prostate.
“Don’t worry about that, Dr. Watson.” The female officer said while finishing up her notes. John just nodded, returning his attention back to the officer.
John nodded, his eyes glistening. “Could you…I mean…I know you take cases seriously and you crave them…but could you-” He stopped, his breathing growing ragged. “Could you stay….with me instead? I…I don’t think I’m ready to tag along and when you left this morning I felt…unease.” He stopped, looking down only for Sherlock to steer his head back up.
“Ok?” John was so close to Sherlock, their noses were brushing. Sherlock could feel John’s warm breath on his face, his lips tingling with the disappearing sensation of John. Realizing John had asked him if this was okay, he quickly nodded, his breathing quickening, as he blushed deeper.
Sherlock met his steady gaze. “I started using in university, and remained using for a few years afterwards. It was just cocaine, and I’ve been clean for the past five years.”
“Checking something off our list.” He said, before kissing John passionately. He moved down along John’s jaw, his hands caressing John’s backside.
John paced back and forth in the sitting room, clenching his fist as he tried to think of what to do. Sherlock had been taken by Lestrade, under arrest for possession of an illegal drug-cocaine they suspected- and John had no idea,
I really hope everything is sounding in-character. I would like to thank my sister maeerin here on archiveofourown who helped me get out of writers block. : )
“Well, no you didn’t. But you wanted to be fucked on a desk and here we are, in an abandonedoffice, with a desk and everything. Its not like we’re at Scotland Yard.” Sherlock said.
These officers are trying to do their job and you getting in the way shouting at them isn’t going to get
“John.” Sherlock started, his voice beginning to shake as he spoke. “I don’t….I haven’t done this exactly ever...I mean...I...I don’t think I have ever felt this way before until now…” He paused, becoming frustrated with the stammering and stuttering and grew worried at John’s worried face, his eyes looking at the floor now. “John.” Sherlock said clearly. “Look at me John.” He said softly.
John sighed as he tried to wrap his river-soaked clothes closer to him to keep any of the brisk morning air from seeping in. He glanced at Sherlock quickly, seeing the detective’s cheeks flushed, the rest of his visible skin very pale and slightly gleaming, his curls dripping with water as he tried to resist the temptation to huddle over. John took pride in this; for once the detective can deal with this mistake, having miscalculated the suspect’s strength, which caused Sherlock and John both to be pushed into the river.
After all that, John sat on the bed, his gun in his hand. He sat there, and after what must’ve been over 30 minutes, he let out a sob, throwing the gun aside and curling up, his body shaking as the tremors and the tears left his body. It wasn’t until his tears were all gone did he wipe his face and limped his way out of his bedsit, gun tucked in his waistband hidden by his jacket and on his way to Regents Park. He knew this was the thing he had to do. He didn’t feel alive and wanted it to end and believed doing it in a more peaceful setting would be better. And if he did it in the park, he would be found sooner than if he did it in his bedsit. The smell would probably cause alarm if he did it that way. John called a cab and entered it, giving the cabbie directions.
As their lips met, the boat took a sudden turn and before either could prepare, they rolled off the deck, under the railing, and into the water below.
“Oh Jesus, Sherlock! Oh, I’m sorry, I should’ve asked you…just let it out Sherlock. I’m going to get you some gingerale.” John made his way quickly to Greg who was steering the boat through the waves.
As the two men relaxed against each other, Sherlock kissed John’s bare shoulder gently. The peaceful state they were in was disrupted however when there were footsteps growing louder and before either could remove themselves from each other, a loud yell erupted the cell.
“It was the doorman. His ex is the victim. He has access to a key that can open any door in this hotel and the murder weapon is in the laundry mat in the basement. Thank you for wasting my time.” Sherlock said, his cheerfulness completely diminished.
“Mhm…great…uh…the bedroom is just through there,” He said, pointing down the small hallway to the left of the kitchen. “And the bathroom attaches to it. I’ll have my brother move your belongings from your old flat here tomorrow morning.”
still loved him, and treated him just the same, for they could really care less who their son loved. Now Sherlock Holmes was most definitely not a virgin. He had to have sex to know what the big fuss was about and so he did, with a boy with a name he deleted, in his first year at university. He enjoyed it for the most part, but found other things he’d rather do, and it didn’t help peak his interest when most of the people around him were too dull. But then he met Victor Trevor and that’s when it took a turn for the worse. Sherlock lost control, that’s what he thinks and so after three years under the influence of Victor Trevor and cocaine, Sherlock Holmes swore off relationships and of course drugs but cigarettes and nicotine patches don’t count. And only rarely did he have sex. He didn’t really miss it, but as he grew older he found other things to do.
Sherlock and John walked swiftly into the parking lot of Scotland Yard, where the police cruisers were parked.
That caught the man off guard for a second. “Wha-why? Why am I interesting to you?” The man let out quickly.
John moaned, pulling himself tighter against Sherlock. He nodded and clung onto Sherlock as Sherlock rocked his hips harder into him.
Sherlock, however, sat in front of John’s computer, typing, then grunting, more typing, followed by more grunts of frustration. Every time that happened, John couldn’t help but laugh of how ridicules this situation was. Sherlock could easily ask John to get his computer from the kitchen, but no, Sherlock had to prove he could figure out any password.
The water around them was sliding back and forth, leaving a mess on the floor, but neither man cared as pleasure erupted through them. John brought a hand to his face, bringing him closer. He kissed Sherlock's swollen lips hard, nipping and sucking. Sherlock's moans hitched as John kissed him harder.
“Oh, fuck Sherlock.” He moaned, sliding a hand in between them, taking hold of both their cocks and in unison, the two began rocking. They rolled their hips and kissed messily as pleasure erupted between them.
“And,” John continued, “You can still go one cases. I don’t want to hold you back. That one time I just…couldn’t be alone. But you could go on cases.”
Sherlock swirled his tongue before moving to the other one. He then slowly kissed along John’s stomach, before licking up to John’s throat, nipping slightly.
pants, the very pants that were peaking out from when John was under the sink, practically mocking Sherlock. Sherlock looked up from John’s erect cock up to John who was begging for more with just his eyes. Sherlock grabbed the lube and spread a generous amount between his fingers and began preparing John, slowly with one finger and eventually he had three finger moving slowly but surely in and out of John.
After what seemed like ages, Sherlock slowly backed away, leaving John out of breath and his lips swollen. John looked up at Sherlock. Sherlock was eyeing him, and then he smiled. John smiled back, the tension he held in his shoulders sank away, and the two laughed.
John and Sherlock were lying comfortably in bed, John resting his back against the headboard, running his hands through Sherlock’s head as he rested it John’s shoulder.
“Let me.” He said, quickly shoving his trousers and pants down to his knees. He then quickly unbuckled John’s belt and tugged his jeans and pants down enough to free his cock. John pulled Sherlock back towards him with his legs, their cocks coming into contact. The two men gasped, their lips meeting against much more harshly as they rocked together.
“Oh my god.” John murmured. “Sherlock.” He said, clearing his throat. “Don’t. You know what your voice does to me—” His voice faltered as Sherlock nipped gently below his ear.
Sherlock stood abruptly, and walked forward until he was directly in front of John. John’s breathing was faster, louder, his mouth tightly closed.
“Oh well I find you interesting…which is rather rare. And I also…I feel this need to make sure you’re okay. We’ve met twice and I think…well my mother told me it must be fate but I don’t believe in that.
It was early. Too early for his liking, but he had agreed to John’s idea of a something fun. Sherlock sat in the taxi with John, on their way to the dock to meet Greg, whose brother leant him his sailboat. Sherlock stared out the window, deep in thought. He couldn’t deduce any passerby for it was so early; it was too foggy to see even if there
Sherlock stopped what he was doing at the microscope and turned to John. John’s face turned from affection to worry as Sherlock looked afraid at what he was about to say.
After they rode out their orgasms, Sherlock remained on top of John, uncaring of the sticky mess between them. He rested his head right below John’s chin and listened as John’s heartbeat began to slow back to normal. John was stroking through Sherlock’s hair and was humming in pleasure when there was a sound from downstairs.
floor, John’s unease increasing. The bing of the elevator snapped John out of his worry, and he followed Sherlock into the flat, where they met Detective Inspector Lestrade, as other personnel were about the flat, snapping photos and documenting the crime scene.
As John deepened the kiss, Sherlock felt his trousers tightening. In shock, he broke the kiss to look down. John looked down at him and a pleased expression grew on his face.
After he was dressed, John made his way to the kitchen. Sherlock was still standing in front of the windows, softly playing his violin. John smiled at the peacefulness as he made his tea.
John’s mouth began to water as he eyed the breakfast. Sherlock led him to sit down but before he began to eat, he looked up at Sherlock.
John whispered as he was tending Sherlock’s cuts. Sherlock sat in silence, with an occasional wince when John pressed too hard. He had over 10 small cuts all over his hands and arms, and 3 deeper cuts on his palms that needed a few stitches.
“Hmmm?” After a while, John looked up to see Sherlock flushed very pink, a slight sweat gleaming along his brow. “What do you want?”
“Mhm, yeah.” John whispered back, blushing deeply. He kissed roughly back, nipping and sucking at Sherlock’s reddened lips.
Sherlock didn’t need any more asking. He tore off his shirt and bottoms, reveling his erect cock, glistening with pre-cum and sweat. He slicked himself with lube, and pulled John up forward, so he was sitting up  at the edge of the table. He lined himself up, and slowly made his way into John.
“Hello.” Sherlock responded, eyes roaming across John’s features, taking everything in. Though they had just seen each other last Saturday, Sherlock could now see even more on how John’s improved within the last two months. He still looked tired, but the gleam in his eyes was alive and never fading, the laugh lines around his eyes and mouth ever so noticeable. Sherlock was brought out of his mind from the feeling of John’s hand pressed in his and he looked down at their conjoined hands and then back up at John.
“You tell me.” John said, his voice not soft anymore, but confident which was striking to Sherlock. Sherlock looked into John’s eyes and saw a slight glint of amusement...and something else that Sherlock was not used to seeing. Without thinking of the possible consequences, Sherlock blurted out, with a slight smirk etched on his face,
They entangled themselves on the sofa, and after a few minutes, both were so hard it was getting frustrating.
John climbed in and after Sherlock had given their address to the cabbie, he turned to him, smashing their lips together.
Police had surrounded the school. John had just explained the incident to a curly haired female officer when noise and loud yelling came from behind. The cabbie was already detained and in the back of a police car and nearby where all the yelling was occurring, was the senior detective (John could not remember his name) being yelled at by a tall, skinny man in a long coat.
“I just don’t understand why you put up with them.” Sherlock spat out, falling back down onto the sofa. “It’s just so idiotic of you. How can you just let them pester you and pester you until you are exhausted and then when you come home we
The man didn’t respond, his breathing hitching as more tears fell from his eyes but he nodded, slowly reaching out to Sherlock. At that Sherlock swiftly sprung forward, seizing the man and taking him down off the ledge and onto the balcony floor. Noise erupted from the ground but Sherlock paid no attention. He held the man in his arms as the man continued on crying and shaking all over from the cold. Sherlock remained where he was until the man’s shaking subsided and the tears stopped; all that was left was the man trying to catch his breath. He then slowly stood up, the man still clutching him in a sideways hug and Sherlock half carried the man into the room and sat him down on the bed.
John giggled. “Sherlock, we should go before anyone sees you with your arse on display and my pants around my ankles.”
Sherlock, he saw, was curled on the sofa, in a sulk obviously, and John sighed, not at all ready for the whining and complaining for lack of murder at the moment.
The cabbie blinked and a small smile formed on his face. He then, without any warning, pulled the trigger, a small flame appearing. John let out a shaky breath he wasn’t aware he was holding. The cabbie laughed quietly.
“Mhm?” John said, turning around. At the sight of his almost naked body, Sherlock’s eyes widened, his cheeks flushing. John noticed and blushed too.
When Sherlock saw John enter the sitting room, his cheeks blushing, he himself began to blush as he eyed John lustfully.
“Of course you can John. I’d like for you to come along. Plus the therapist did say we should connect…”
“I…” Sherlock started. “Think I understand. I know what you are on the outside but need to know what you are on the inside.”
Sherlock hungrily kissed John, pressing his clothed erection against John’s, emitting a groan from the doctor. He quickly wiggled out of his water soaked coat, throwing it behind him before he moved a hand from John’s bare chest down to his thigh and then to his arse, squeezing it hard.
John was now able to work three fingers into Sherlock, causing the detective to mumble against John's head.
“Oh!” Sherlock exclaimed, energized. He was now standing in the hallway, which meant the password was on his person. He raced back to the computer. He started typing word after word, mumbling each as he went through his mental note.
When John walked into the bedroom, Sherlock noticed he still didn’t look right. He was paler, slightly shivering (though that could be from coming out of a hot shower into the cold air), and he was keeping his gaze away from Sherlock’s.
Sherlock froze. “I…I just need to get-” he paused as John squirmed, brushing his body against Sherlock’s half-hard cock.
“Its fine John. Sherlock said, kissing him gently on the cheek. “Come John, you need a shower.” He said, walking towards to exit.
