“What do you mean?”
“Maybe he was just working this circuit. You know. Had his rounds here.” said Lestrade weakly.
As John dropped his bag and glanced into the pond - it looked quite deep - he felt some of the old panic returning. He forced himself to take deep breaths and look away, and stepped back a little.
“He wasn’t even crying, but that just made everything worse. He had this cold, dead look in his eyes, and all he said was
For the most part, single parenthood hadn’t been all that hard on John. Rosie had a lot of doting godparents and a loving aunt, all ready to take care of her at a moment’s notice. Once Sherlock got the hang of what he called the ‘baby business’, he had been a huge help. John hadn’t expected him to be so patient or so
“You knew your way around Sherrinford. You tried to hide it, but it’s ingrained in your memory from all the times you’ve revisited it in your nightmares. You and Eurus Holmes recognized each other. The patients don’t get around much, and they definitely don’t interact with each other. You tried to make yourself inconspicuous so that the staff wouldn’t notice you. Conclusion: you were a nurse at Sherrinford.”
She handed each of them a cup. Mycroft took a sip of his, trying not to feel too nostalgic at the taste of his favourite childhood drink, from before Victor disappeared. Family trips to the beach. Wrestling matches. Baking on rainy days. Kid Sherlock, bubbly and enthusiastic, so far removed from the serious man he was now…
Sherlock’s face was inscrutable. “No, I just thought that maybe you would need some...time.”
Sherlock hesitated, but turned around. He let John slide off his dressing gown and help him out of his shirt. Even in the dim moonlight, the marks on his back gleamed angry and red against his porcelain skin. After all these months, they barely even bothered him much anymore, but then he’d always had a high threshold for pain. He heard a sharp intake of breath, then John’s fingers ghosted over his scars, feather-light.
hospitals. She hated the stupid plastic bracelets, the drab white corridors decorated with crayon drawings, the doctors with their fake smiles and reassurances. They always promised they’d let her out as soon as she was better, but they
She cast a nervous glance at them, then took her place on a wicker chair directly opposite.
Noel grinned, his words tumbling over each other in his excitement. “Sherlock Holmes in my room - wow. I’ve always thought of a thousand things I’d ask you if we ever met, but honestly, right now, I can only think of one. So you don’t actually wear the hat?”
Sherlock just stared at him, speechless for a few moments. “Why didn’t either of you tell me?”
“What about Rosie?”
“So I went to the morgue, but everything was dark and silent, until these two men stepped out of the shadows. I couldn’t even see their faces - it was too dark and they were covered. Both of them were armed, and one of them had Rosie. They’d drugged her.”
“Where do you camp, exactly?”
“You’re just looking for an excuse to have my hand down your pants.”
“John.”
“Eat.” he said pointedly.
“No action is ever random.” he said to John’s empty chair. “Why paint it yellow and not red, then? If yellow, then why
Noel half-smiled at them, gaze flitting between the two, slightly awed. “I’ll leave you to it, then. Try not to question mom too much. She’s had a rough couple of weeks, but she keeps insisting that she can handle it.”
John smiled softly.
Sherlock just mumbled something inaudible into his shoulder and held on tighter, ignoring the water from his soggy jumper. John let him stay. He couldn’t have extricated himself from that octopus grip even if he wanted to. Sherlock finally nodded and pulled away, then had second thoughts and wrapped John in his coat with him.
There was a tight feeling in his chest, and try as he might, he couldn’t get the muscles in his arms to unclench. He didn’t believe Sherlock’s ‘caring is not an advantage’ excuse one bit. Still, it was probably a good thing that he’d left him alone for a bit, given him some space to think things through. All that remained was deciding where to go: outside to a different life, or upstairs to Sherlock.
“What? Why?”
She scoffed. “There you go again. It’s from my parents, since it was my birthday yesterday. Bet you didn’t even think I
“Okay, but what does this actually tell us?”
Her favourite nurse. The one without whom nothing would’ve been possible.
The lights seemed too bright, so he switched them off and curled up on the sofa. His arm brushed against something soft, warm and instantly recognizable, and he pulled it out with a sinking feeling. It was one of those ridiculous jumpers, the ones which John somehow managed to look endearing in. He ran his fingers over the knitting pattern and recognized it as the one John had worn to their first case. They’d both been so alone and averse to offers of help, but so entirely willing to throw their lot in with each other. He still didn’t know what had gone through his head when he saw John for the first time and decided,
“Friends don’t do...this. What we’re doing.”
Sebastian blushed furiously, embarrassed, unable to make any sounds apart from a dry squeak.
John dashed up the stairs, trying not to leave too many dirty footprints. There was a proper downpour outside, and he’d stepped out of the cab smack into a mud puddle. It was a miracle they’d let him into the hospital, really. They almost hadn’t, but then he’d mentioned Mycroft Holmes and the doors opened almost magically.
“Oh, calm down. You’ll figure it out. Besides, it’s not like finding the Woman’s real identity helped us with the previous case.” He soothingly rubbed Sherlock’s forehead with his thumb, “Stop thinking. We need to reduce blood flow to your face.”
“Must be sentiment.” he said, “That’s what brought you back. Sympathy for your father.”
She squeezed his hand. “Well, I’m glad I can attend at least one son’s wedding before I die. No pressure.”
Mycroft rolled his eyes, pulled out a small envelope and handed it to Sherlock. Sherlock opened it and took out two black-and-white photographs - they showed a short, wiry man leaning against a wall, tensely scratching his chin with a gun. The print was hazy and the angle unhelpful, but the man’s facial features were just about distinguishable - his blonde hair, beard and sharp jawbone.
“To take your mind off things. It’s a better coping mechanism than drugs. Besides, the East London case is of utmost significance.”
Instinctively, John knew the letter wasn’t meant for him. The envelope clearly said
“Very sor-” John started, but Sherlock cut him off. “You had separate nameplates, and you took his down after his death. I take it the marriage wasn’t a happy one?”
my daughter? Why, those little -”
He’d have to leave John here, then. He was just turning away to button his shirt when his phone moaned with a text from Irene Adler. John turned over, suddenly wide awake.
“I’m not insecure. Just doubtful. I’m not the one who moved out and got married.”
“Good.” Sherlock said, not trusting his voice anymore. “That’s good.”
“Oh.” Sherlock said awkwardly, “Right. That’s - that’s all right.”
“What does she want now?” he asked, in what he hoped was a casual voice.
Rosie looked at him with her large, woebegone eyes. “Dadda?” she asked. It sometimes surprised John, how very perceptive she could be.
Sherlock couldn’t sleep.
Sherlock decided that now was not the time to clear the air about his sexuality.
“We have to stop this.” he said. “Anything could’ve happened to Rosie. Please, tell me you know what to do, because I’m out of my depth here.”
“And how’s John holding up with all the...you know?”
Sherlock opened one eye, wishing that John would stop blundering around under the delusion that he was interested in the Woman, or
“You didn’t sleep last night.” he said. “Which means you aren’t happy about me leaving.”
“I can’t tell you her real name, boys, sorry.” Mrs Hudson said, “She was in the inner ring of my husband’s drug cartel. Her brother, too, but he wasn’t too keen on it. He tried to get out multiple times. After my husband’s execution, the cartel collapsed, they both changed their identities, and I never heard from them again.”
“Bloody hell, Sherlock,” he said through gritted teeth, “There’s a foot in the fridge. A human foot.”
Kinda a filler chapter. The action starts in the next one.
“The best kind.”
“Y O U A R E - wow, we don’t even have to rearrange this - ” John said, “You are - what? What are we?”
She looked to John for confirmation, and he nodded.
It was late evening, and Mrs Holmes had just fallen asleep again, presumably for the night. Sherlock pulled John out into the corridor, and they went downstairs. John chattered away about bedding and nightclothes and suggested he take a trip to the Holmes’ place to pick their stuff up. The moment they stepped outside, Sherlock shut him up with a kiss, suddenly very aware that he hadn’t even brushed his teeth.
“No.”
“I’ll be there.”
Sherlock just shrugged, and they started sifting through the piles of forms from a few days ago.
Rachel didn’t seem to mind. “Of course I can. Sit down. Okay, first things first: my husband Fred died a month ago.”
As Irene settled into a seat, her back to the window, Sherlock’s heart gave a pang. That was right where John had been sitting when he’d asked Sherlock if he had a boyfriend, that stupid little smile on his face.
“Is he back?” she asked. “Moran? I thought he was dead.”
Eurus always spat back bitterly
John and Sherlock shared another silent glance.
“Well, I don’t have a very concrete plan - but one day, I’m going to move to Sussex. I’ve already started saving up for a down payment on a cottage there. I’ll still solve the occasional murder, but other than that - they have bee farms.”
, you moron. I would never make you get rid of the bees.”
“Your bandage needs changing.” he blurted out.
“Oh, dear. Me and my big mouth. It was supposed to be a surprise.”
John had no idea what to do. Rosie had been throwing a fit for half an hour now, and nothing would shut her up. He’d tried everything - milk, soothers, all her toys, funny stories, but nothing worked. He’d even tried singing, but that just made her scream louder. He desperately glanced around the room, and his gaze settled on the skull.
“Yes.” He took a moment to compose himself. “There are some things that have to be done alone.”
He looked up and met John’s curious gaze.
Sherlock slid into the blanket, trying not to sigh with relief as his sore muscles hit the soft mattress. He was glad for the warmth radiating off John as they lay there, John staring up at the ceiling, Sherlock on his side, facing him. He finally broke the silence. “Is it Mary?”
“Helping?” Sherlock asked.
“Bee farms.”
after meeting her.
“I’ll sleep on it.” was all he said.
“It still holds.” He moved up to kiss Sherlock’s cheekbones. “I’m not gay, I’m bi. Do your research.”
They sent Eurus back to Sherrinford.
“Mycroft.”
“Out. I had a night off, so this young intern Steven was filling in for me. I usually don’t like leaving Mr Trevor alone, especially not with Steven - he’s quite irresponsible. But...well… it was a special occasion. My best friend’s birthday.”
“Yes, John, do try to keep up. He got into an altercation with a man in Switzerland and was shot fatally. It was caught on tape. Which is why I say
“Even straight men have probably thought about kissing you at least once.” John said. “I mean, you’re gorgeous. All dark curls, sharp cheekbones, long limbs, the cupid’s bow - and not to mention those eyes.” He leaned forward to press a kiss to the point where Sherlock’s jawbone met his neck. “You have this ethereal beauty that just draws people in. I’ve spent so many hours just
John nodded sympathetically, feeling slightly impatient. He’d already been talking to Mr Oliver for half an hour, but the man showed no signs of relenting. He kept topping up Mr Oliver’s glass in the hope that he would finally fall asleep, but he had only just started slurring.
“I’m not.”
“You’re sleeping in my room tonight.” Sherlock said.
“Why not? You practically proposed to Janine so that you could move forward with the Magnussen case.”
“DADDA.”
“There.” Sherlock said softly, “Fully functioning, you see?”
“Well...not for me. Not when I really wanted it."
He sat down heavily on the bed.
“Very much so.”
“Me too, love. Now be nice to Mycroft.”
“So, John Watson. Are you going to tell him?”
“I would rather go back to Afghanistan than hurt a hair on your head
he always found himself wondering.
- a man as smart as Moran would never pick a fight in clear view of a camera, and he would certainly never lose.”
“Not really.” said Sherlock. “The best battles can happen over tea. I’ve had Moriarty over for tea. Go on, Mrs Hudson.”
“We’ll have to tell Mr Trevor, you know.” he finally said. “He’s spent all these years waiting for his son. If we give him closure, at least he’ll stop looking and start focusing on moving on. It can make a huge difference - knowing someone’s out there versus knowing they’re not coming back.”
“I know. But if you need me, I can put that aside.”
“How will I keep Irene out of the way?”
“Absolutely no idea.” Sherlock said.
Sherlock suddenly realized that he hadn’t eaten anything for 22 hours.
“You’re right. I do hate to admit this, but I was desperately lonely. I spent most of my time keeping busy and trying not to get caught, but there were nights - I wished you were by my side. The temptation to send you a message was overwhelming, but I didn’t want to get your hopes up in case I...didn’t make it back home.”
“Still gay, I see.” she retorted, “Oh, don’t bother denying it again. We’ll know the truth soon.” She smirked at him in her self-assured, mysterious way. John was about to ask her what she meant, but he was saved as Sherlock entered the room.
“He’s not my boyfriend.” John said automatically, and then a stroke of inspiration suddenly hit him. “He’s my fiance.”
John snorted, and both of them looked at him, bewildered. “I’m sorry, it’s just...you Holmes brothers. Neither of you can say words like relationship, dating, couple or boyfriend out loud.”
- broke into the house and created a distraction. The Golem murdered his son, James Oliver. Led us to Irene Adler’s real identity.”
“Whatever happened to ‘I am not gay?’” Sherlock asked, trying to keep his voice steady, which wasn’t easy with John’s warm hands under his shirt.
“Ah, now you’re asking the right questions. They weren’t her real mother and brother, by the way. Stepbrother, or maybe half-brother, obviously.”
Sherlock sighed irritably. “It’s not you.” he said grumpily. “It’s nothing. Can’t a man sulk in peace?”
“I - you know what, no. I can’t. You already know it. You say it.”
“Yes, of course. Just didn’t think you’d give up space in your precious mind palace for that.”
“Oh, Sherlock. You’re such an idiot.”
“I just - I’d started drinking again, and I knew there was going to be an open bar, so I figured it was best if I didn’t go. Didn’t want to turn up and create a scene. I’m so sorry I missed your big day. I thought you’d be happier if I didn’t come.”
Mycroft surveyed him with surprise. Did John really not know? If he didn’t have a little more self-control, he would’ve bopped John with his umbrella and said
He felt Sherlock slump in dismay beside him. For a moment, he tried to put himself in Sherlock’s situation. Harry locked up, his mother in the hospital...no matter how dysfunctional his family was, he’d want to be together one last time.
“How old was Anna when she died, and how did she die?”
In answer, Sherlock leaned his forehead against John’s and kissed him.
John didn’t know how to apologize for what he’d done to Sherlock after Mary died.
They sat in silence, staring at the fire, until John finally spoke. “You’re thinking about her right now, aren’t you?”
Sherlock grabbed both sides of John’s head and spun him around, the way he always did when he was trying to get John to remember something. But all John could think about was how he irresistibly close Sherlock’s face was, and how warm his hands were -
“That’s not a real answer.”
“I hope Rosie didn’t give you a hard time. Thank you so much for looking after her for two nights in a row.”
“But you have to-” John stopped halfway through his sentence, surprised, “Wait, you’ll do it? You’re just going to...listen to me?”
John crossed the room and took his hand.
John emerged from the kitchen and offered Mycroft a cup of tea. “Yea, you were off your tits almost all the time, Sherlock. Although now that I’m here, Mycroft can get rid of those keys.”
“You might want to sit down.” John said. Sherlock shot him a look.
John cut him off. “Yea, all right, you twat. You have to take your bedroom back now. I’m not a world-famous detective, but I can still tell that the couch isn’t really suiting you.”
He regretted the words as soon as he said them, but they had the desired effect. John flinched and stepped back, and Sherlock was tempted to reach out and apologize, but he had to hold his ground. He couldn’t give in to emotions right now.
All these years, and he hadn’t even noticed this crucial detail about John. At a loss for words, he closed the space between them and tentatively put a comforting hand on John’s knee. John stiffened and Sherlock sighed resignedly -
This was the one argument which always made Sherlock shut up, and Mycroft knew it. He knew the lengths that Sherlock was prepared to go to to keep John safe. Mycroft had known, before Sherlock did, that Sherlock’s love for John was more than just ‘friendly’. And so Mycroft walked out, twirling his umbrella, leaving Sherlock to fume with frustration and deal with his internal conflict.
“I am offended by that assumption.”
You have a week. Let’s see if you can find the anagram and unscramble it. Hint: all the data you need is in this chapter.
“W - what?” Sherlock asked, caught off guard. “You’ve already seen them.”
“What’ve you got?” Lestrade asked, striding over.
Sherlock nodded. “One last thing, John.” He looked up at John, all puppy-eyed, and John could feel his heartbeat speeding up. “What on earth am I supposed to wear?”
Mycroft lowered himself into the client chair (he’d learnt not to sit in John’s or Sherlock’s), and Rosie immediately ran to him, squealing. He sighed resignedly and hoisted her up.
He wondered what Eurus was up to. He had visited her a few times already. At first, she wouldn’t talk to anyone, wouldn’t even acknowledge their presence. But when he started playing the violin to her, her face would light up, and recently, she had even started playing with him. He wished that he had had more time to get to know her. Psychotic or not, she was his sister, and he really felt for her. He couldn’t believe that Mycroft had kept her locked away all this time, and couldn’t help but think that the confinement had probably made her worse. She was smart, no doubt; she couldn’t channel her intellect the right way was the only problem.
Suddenly unbearably weary, he closed his eyes and leaned his forehead lightly against John’s, resisting the urge to lean in even closer. He was tempted to check John’s pulse for a reaction -
The knowledge that Sherlock shared his murderous feelings for the cabbie warmed John’s heart. “If someone wanted to kill me, there are easier ways to do it.” he said, “What was it really about, then?”
“Oh.” John shifted closer. “Is it also a good time to do this?” He pressed a small, fleeting kiss to Sherlock’s lips. Sherlock smiled and shrugged.
He leant over and whispered in John’s ear. “I’ve got what I need. Take her to the Governor’s old office, it’ll be open and empty. I’ll meet you there in a while.”
“Ah, yes.” Sherlock pulled out her camera-phone. As soon as she saw it, her eyes widened, and she stood up a little straighter. “I have your lifeline.”
She hesitated and pursed her lips. “It’s possible. But not in the way that you think. I think his reappearance last night shook Noel more than his death.”
“And then spend him spiralling into hell again?” he completed. “No. I realized a long time ago that I can save John Watson, but I can’t protect him. Trouble finds him. Rather, I find trouble, and he runs headlong into it with me.”
“Take us there.” Sherlock said.
“Or at least, we thought it was.” Sherlock said quickly, “After everything was over, we found out that this gamemaker had been bluffing. Your flat was never rigged. But I swear, Molly, I thought I didn’t have a choice. It was either make a false confession of love or watch you explode.”
. If I hadn’t neglected her so much - ”
“It’s raining.”
“No, stop. Just stop it. Stop blaming yourself. I was wrong. Mary’s death was
“Oh.” Sherlock stepped forward tentatively. “
Sherlock thought.
“So I’ve heard. And I wouldn’t say hopeless.” Sherlock said, letting go of him to eagerly unwrap the equipment. “Ah, yes! I needed these.
“Fine. A brown file with ‘Sherrinford’ printed on the first page.”
She started a little at his deduction, but took a deep breath and steadied herself again. “I kept thinking it was just a phase and he would grow out of it. Clearly, I was wrong, but it took me quite a while to realize it. After that, I held on for a few years for Noel’s sake. That’s my son. Eventually, I decided that enough was enough, and I got in touch with my lawyer to start discussing the proceedings. But as it turns out, there was no need for a divorce, because that night he...you know.”
“So...I’m daddy, and you’re dadda.” John said.
The door sprang open, and Sherlock walked in, tearing off his coat and muffler. “What did you find?” he asked abruptly, pausing for a moment to smile at Rosie.
“Thank you.” John finally said.
“Again, love, that wasn’t your fault. It was Eurus.”
“How do you know - never mind.”
“Don’t be rude.” John scolded. “Come in, Mycroft.” He turned to Sherlock and lowered his voice. “Look, he just walked in on me licking your face. It’s a little transparent at this point. He deserves to know, and if you want to tell him - it’s fine by me.”
“Yes, depressed. He self-harms, and quite frequently at that. He kept pulling his sleeve down, and he winced painfully a few times - he doesn’t cut his wrists, but a little further up, so that people won’t notice. I’ve seen it before…anyhow, could it have been triggered by his father’s death?”
“Mycroft hasn’t told him yet?”
“A tent, clothes, sandwiches, some other stuff.”
His brother smiled. “Now, the East London murder. You have to take the case.”
His phone buzzed again, and John cocked an eyebrow. “Could be important.”
“Say we move on.” Sherlock said hastily.
“Of course.”
John looked down at the sheet of paper. There was a prickly feeling at the back of his throat, but he swallowed his doubts and moved on.
Sherlock managed a small smile. So John didn’t regret anything he had said, and he wasn’t going to ignore it either. “That’s what friends do, isn’t it? Comfort and console each other. I’ve always wondered about the co-dependency of human relationships - ”
“Yes, but that had nothing to do with her being my first girlfriend. Look, if you’re anxious that you and Sherlock Holmes won’t work out because he’s the first boy you’ve ever dated, don’t be. Clara and I - we got married too young. Our relationship was the normal, cliche puppy love - romantic dates, mundane everyday problems, etcetera, etcetera. You and Sherlock, on the other hand -”
“I’m not going to leave you alone.” John said firmly.
“Look, you don’t have to pressure yourself into this.” John said, his voice almost unnervingly steady. “It’s not your fault. This was a mistake - you’re married to your work, you told me that when we first met. We’ve been through worse. We can work through this.”
“Because you just had an accident and your back clearly hurts from sleeping on the couch for so long. No, don’t ask me how I know. What you need is a good night’s sleep on a proper bed. I can sleep right here on the couch and look after Rosie tonight.”
my daughter?”
John couldn’t sleep.
“Yes.”
“It does not!”
Sherlock pulled away for a moment to consider this. If he had known John loved him, would he still have jumped? Absolutely; there was no question about it, not with John’s life on the line. But watching John’s world fall apart would’ve been twice as hard. On the other hand, if he had known that John cared that much, he might even have told him about the fake suicide plan. He would’ve stayed in touch, at least...
Too late. A section of the tent collapsed and John groaned.
“Yes.”
“Harry?”
“I know what she’s capable of!” the elder brother had yelled.
“No shit, Sherlock.”
He ignored her. “You went to no end of trouble to destroy Charlotte Oliver. You have nightmares about Sherrinford. Something ghastly happened to you there, something so traumatising that you went to great lengths to obliterate every trace of who you were then. Your particular line of work is significant as well; a psychiatric nurse doesn’t just drop everything to become a dominatrix.”
“I bet you cleared all the useful information.” Irene commented. As she slipped her hand into Sherlock’s and slid the phone out of his grasp, he let his fingers curl around her wrist, and a satisfied smile crossed his face.
“And I’d be happy to lend her some space, if she wants it.”
“Pass me the salt, will you?” he asked John, not lowering his newspaper.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well, I’ll tell you something.” Xavier said, leaning forward dramatically. “I’ve found him. That’s right. I saw him tonight. He peeked in at my door, my little boy, and beckoned to me.”
Not quite trusting himself to look up, Sherlock just nodded.
“Then promise me that you’ll tell me
“Moving on?”
“Our sister is every bit as bad as him. The only difference between them is the environment they had to flourish in.”
“Slow down. So you’re telling me that someone’s intentionally trying to drag you into this? That the connection we’re looking for is that you’ve been investigating each of these cases?”
“For last night. It would’ve been a bad night if you hadn’t been around.”
“So.” John finally said. He didn’t sound angry or disappointed, just sad. “She’s right. Everything - it’s the truth. I didn’t know that she knew.” His voice broke a little, and he finally looked up.
She ignored him.
Sherlock scrutinized his face, as if searching for a lie, but John effortlessly closed the distance between them and kissed him. As he felt those deft fingers comb messily through his curls, he wondered how he’d lived without this for so long. Then he wondered if he could ever live without it again, which just made him kiss John even more hungrily. There was too much going through his brain, and he was convinced that if he opened his eyes, he’d see sparks.
“He’s gone out to get some paracetamol, but he’s been gone for quite some time, so I suppose he ran into a robbery on the way. Yes, I know it’s a little surprising. Sherlock leaving the flat for something as mundane as getting medicine for his flatmate.”
“Okay, just some paracetamol then.”
with him. He didn’t deserve this - any of this - to be sitting here on a moonlit night, holding Sherlock’s hand, talking about
“What about that giant 5 on the door, then? It be a warning or a countdown of some sort. 5 days, weeks, months?”
Sherlock frowned. “What do you mean?”
As Sherlock turned the corner, he was surprised to see Lestrade walking by the entrance of Angelo’s.
“Perfectly fine, thank you, Billy. You still visiting that drug den?”
message?”
“You work at a bee farm.” Sherlock commented, looking around the living room. “Think you could organize a tour for me someday?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Did you figure it out?” John asked sleepily.
“I love you too, Sherlock. I just wish I’d told you earlier. Then we wouldn’t have wasted so much time.”
Sherlock’s expression changed to one of confusion, but it dissolved instantly when John’s thumb brushed his lip. The scar from the morgue was still there.
, and I’ve wanted you for years.” Sherlock said, and there was a hint of desperation in his voice now. “I thought about you, constantly, whether you were with me or not. Even when I didn’t see you for two years, and after you got married - I never stopped loving you.” His voice cracked, and he felt a tear trace its way down his cheek. He wiped it away angrily. “See? Body betrays me.”
“Absolutely not. She just spent two nights straight at Molly’s, and I’m not letting her out of my sight for a while now.”
Sherlock had said. Boy, how he regretted that now…
“The thing about that.” he started, but Mr Trevor was looking at him so intently that he lost his nerve. Behind him, Mycroft tapped his foot impatiently. He took another deep breath and continued, trying to speak as slowly as possible. “I’m sorry, Mr Trevor, but your son is dead.”
John pulled Sherlock down by the collar and stretched up, almost on tiptoe. His lips ghosted past Sherlock’s mouth, the ridge of his nose, his cheekbones, finally coming to rest on his forehead.
“Nope, I can’t remember.” he said.
It was already late evening by the time Mycroft arrived at 221B Baker Street. He straightened the knocker and greeted Mrs Hudson, then headed up the stairs. He couldn’t help but admire the homeliness of the place, but he preferred the cool classiness of his own house. At least there was no sentiment and attachment clouding it. He opened the door to find Sherlock standing by the cot, tucking Rosie in.
“I’m sorry.” he said quietly.
“John. Look at me.”
“So - what about us? Everything that we’ve been through, and the last three weeks...does all of that mean nothing to you?”
All three of them turned to John. “Er.” he said awkwardly, “I’m not sure I should intervene. It’s a family matter.”
dose of morphine, resigned himself to a night of misery.
“When can I see them?” he demanded.
“Time is an illusion.” Sherlock said, trailing his fingers up John’s arm and leaning in for another kiss.
“How’d it go with Xavier Trevor?” John asked.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Make a deduction.”
“Thank you.”
He shrugged and led John to the kitchen table. Deciding it was probably best to keep maximum distance between them, he sat across from John, folding his legs resolutely under the chair. It wouldn’t do for them to start playing footsie.
“Yea, that’s me. John Watson. And you are...Sebastian Wilkes?”
On hearing the strangled cry, Sherlock immediately grabbed his gun from the bedroom table and ran out, heart thumping hard.
“That’s true. I’m sorry.” John said.
be hungry; she had drained a bottle of milk just before breakfast. He peered at her, wondering what her problem was. When she saw him, the whining immediately stopped, and she held out her arms. He sighed and picked her up, then returned to the wall and surveyed his handiwork.
“How could we be, when I didn’t even bother to apologize? I’m sorry. Oh god, Sherlock, I’m so sorry. I don’t know how I could’ve - ”
Rachel nodded. “He’s the one who eventually pulled Fred off.”
smirk, then turned back to the door. “There used to be two nameplates.”
“Good. I’ll have Lestrade text you the details.” So saying, Mycroft strolled out, but stopped midway and looked over his shoulder, “This wasn’t an accident.”
Sherlock turned to look at him, finally making eye contact. “For what?”
“There’s a difference between not protecting people,” he commented, “And voluntarily putting them in danger.”
“Sherlock, if you don’t shut up, I swear I’ll throw your mould cultures away. Right, then. Crime number one - victim: Yardley Oliver. A red 5 painted on the front door. Wife Susan died of cancer. Three weeks later, her reanimated corpse -
“Well, he came home from wherever he had been and told me that he had to go Stargrounds immediately. That’s a campsite on the outskirts of London, by the way. He used to take Noel and I there back when - back when we were still a family. Anyway, that evening, he seemed agitated and kind of twitchy, but he wasn’t drunk. So he took his car and left, and a few hours later, I got a call from the police. His car was parked near Stargrounds and he was lying a few feet away, his throat slit.”
“What mischief are you boys up to? Can’t sleep?” she asked. They both shrugged again, and she moved off to the kitchen, muttering something about warm milk.
parents. Then later, about Afghanistan - but how could anyone have known? You didn’t tell anyone - ah, you weren’t the only one captured, of course. Quite possibly someone used Noel’s depression to their advantage, knew sending him to the pool would affect him badly and you’d jump in to save him -”
“Sherlock!”
Sherlock shot him a strange look. “Irene’s smart enough to figure out what I’m doing.”
Sherlock remembered what Eurus had said about the nurse:
Sherlock nodded and took a sip of water, trying to force his brain to relax. They were at a Chinese restaurant opposite the Lucky Cat, a candle flickering between them. The table was small and cramped, which just made it all the more convenient for their feet to slot together under it. For years, they’d both tried to keep their legs tucked away (or at least John had) to avoid accidental touches. But now, John bumped his knee against Sherlock’s, who tried not to smile too widely.
“I’m not locking myself away this time.” he said.
“No. You might want to ask your boss for the day off tomorrow. We’re going to take a little day-trip.”
“He has his good days and his bad days. He’s been doing okay recently. As I’ve often said, work is the best antidote to misery.”
“Molly wasn’t too surprised when I told her about us. I mean, Lestrade told her a few hours before I did, but I didn’t expect her to be so...together. She was very mature about it.”
Harry stared at him for a second, and then to his immense surprise, she began giggling. He hadn’t seen her laugh this hard since they were kids. She laughed till there were tears in her eyes, and then she wiped them away and giggled some more.
John stepped over and carefully examined the corpse. “Early teens, I’d say. Been dead for a day, yes...looks like asphyxiation. Oh.” He suddenly went very quiet. “Sherlock, look at this.”
John knelt down next to her, and although he had known it was hopeless from the moment he set eyes on her, he took her pulse and checked her heartbeat. Silence. She couldn’t be older than twenty-one, and she was still warm. If they had just turned up a little earlier, they could’ve stopped the Golem…the Golem! Sherlock was alone with him, right now, on the
As John stepped out into the crisp London air, someone asked, “Cab, sir?” John nodded and loaded himself into the back of the black car. He quickly gave the cabbie directions to Molly’s house. As they wound through the busy streets of London, he frowned and looked around. Something seemed wrong. They weren’t on the path he always took to Molly’s. In fact, by now they were somewhere else entirely; a rather isolated stretch of road with a few trees on either side. He was about to ask the cabbie where they were going, when the car gave an almighty lurch and swerved sharply. He barely had time to shield Rosie with his body before the car crashed into a tree - and after that, he saw red.
Sherlock just smiled. He’d long accepted how much sway John held over him, and at the same time trusted him not to misuse it. But he pushed the thought to the back of his mind, deciding to focus on being here instead of thinking too much.
John wasn’t too relieved. What if she was permanently impaired in some way? He should’ve paid closer attention to where he was going, stopped the cabbie while they were still in the busy parts of London…
“I understand you wanting to take Irene Adler with you, but why Doctor Watson? Surely he would like to stay as far away as possible.”
Rachel looked at him blankly. “Noel doesn’t know how to swim. None of us do.”
“Mycroft Holmes told me to leave the murder scene exactly as it was.” he informed them, as they climbed up the stairs, “The body’s still lying there, but you need to be quick. We have to remove it. It’s not good for the old man’s nerves.”
“You didn’t sleep, did you?” John asked Sherlock at the breakfast table.
Despite all the distance between them, Sherlock could almost feel John tensing up next to him.
“The point is,” Sherlock continued, ignoring him, “Someone pretended to be his dead wife. Remember, he only caught a glimpse of her, and that too in dim candlelight. Even if it was someone who moderately resembled her, his brain would’ve warped it around to suit what he wanted to see: his wife, alive again.” Sherlock hesitated. He wondered if this was too painful for John to think about, but John motioned for him to continue. “While this prankster was distracting him, the Golem was upstairs, murdering his son. Oliver then fainted, and by the time he came to, both the Golem and his wife were gone.”
“Exactly.” said Sherlock, leaning back in his armchair, “The point of those videos was to intimidate. Distract. Create panic and confusion.”
Sherlock saw the resolute look in John’s eyes and knew that he meant it. “Then deduce me, Doctor Watson. I’m sure you’ve learnt
“Something’s coming, Sherlock.” Mycroft said, softly, “I don’t know what it is, but it’s big.”
When they landed, Sherlock hopped out onto the sand. As he helped Irene out, he let his fingers hover over her wrist.
John spluttered a little and his eyes flew open.
“Who was the man who opened the door for us?” he asked.
To his frustration, his phone rang. He pulled it out and strode away from John. “Yes, Lestrade?”
The waiting was agony, every minute of it. John answered the doctor’s questions as well as he could while craning his neck to watch out for Sherlock and news of Rosie. The doctor told him that he should stay for the rest of the day, that they would release him in the evening. John just nodded along, barely listening. The doctor had just left when Sherlock’s soft footfalls were heard and he entered.
John shook his head.
The stairs led to a small room - or a landing, rather - with two doors leading off on each side, one of which had yellow tape covering it. It was this one that John, Sherlock and Lestrade entered. The room was small, with a single bed pushed against one wall, a dresser next to it. A few pictures and posters adorned the faded walls, all of which Sherlock ignored as he made his way to the dead boy lying on the bed. He looked expectantly at John.
“It’s not a question of
Sherlock watched John out of the corner of his eye. He thought back to their meeting with Eurus, to the way John had reacted when she brought up the well…
Sherlock snorted. “Oh, please. You didn’t even notice that I was dangerously close to overdosing until Mrs Hudson packed me in the boot and shoved me under your nose.” he said, pulling down the first-aid kit from its shelf.
Sherlock threw the wig back inside and closed his wardrobe. “Angelo’s.” he said.
“Enough of what?”
“Nicholas just found a dead body in his backyard.”
“He’s significantly better now. He still misses her, obviously, but I suppose he’s…”
phone rang.
Sherlock materialized soundlessly at his shoulder. “Time to go, John. Oh, hello, Sebastian. Didn’t expect to see you here.”
“The thing is, Sherlock - you’re right. I don’t care how much danger I’m in, you know that, but I can’t say the same for Rosie.”
But try as he might, he couldn’t go back to sleep, and he couldn’t decelerate his heartbeat, and
At the bottom of the form was the unmistakable scrawl of Molly Hooper.
“Is it?” he asked softly.
“Hello? Mycroft, why the bloody hell are you calling me at 2 AM? Yea, you’ve already woken me up, so I don’t see why not. Here, Sherlock, talk to him or he’ll keep calling me.”
“Why would anyone want to murder a teenager?” Sherlock muttered. “John, you’re the doctor. Does he look like he had any history of drug abuse?”
He sighed and picked up the newspaper, scouring it for any news about the Yardley Oliver case. Surprisingly, there was none, even in the local papers. If the matter was so hush-hush, how had Irene heard about it?
His eyes followed the way Noel was hugging his pillow. “Look there!” he said suddenly, pointing out of the window, and Noel looked. In a trice Sherlock had the pillow and had plunged his hand into the stuffing. He pulled out a small tin box and opened it to find, as expected, the small blades. Noel stiffened.
John slowly untangled his arm from under Sherlock’s head and put it around his shoulders, easily settling his head on Sherlock’s again. He gave Sherlock’s arm a gentle, reassuring squeeze. Sherlock took a deep breath and continued.
“Don’t you?” John said, sitting up to face him. “It’s a funny little thing called sentiment.”
“Tell him what?” Sherlock asked innocently, although he knew it was futile. As John had very eloquently put it, Molly had learnt to see through his bullshit long ago.
Sherlock bit his lip. “I don’t. But I’ve put her through enough, don’t you think?”
“Do you want the truth, John?” he blurted out. “I don’t grieve for Victor. I can’t. Yes, he was my best friend, but I didn’t even remember him for a major part of my life. I remember him now, but very dully, like one of those James Bond movies you always make me watch.”
He was cut short by Mrs Hudson pattering into the room. He instantly dropped John’s hand and turned away, trying to hide his disappointment.
“It’s Mycroft Holmes.” Mycroft said, with as much dignity as he could muster.
“Maybe not.”
“Maybe it’d help if you talked to her. I’ll come with you.”
John shrugged. “I dunno, traffic lights?”
“Why can’t
John turned on his side to face Sherlock, and Sherlock’s breath hitched in his throat. John was trying to put on his best I’m a soldier face, but Sherlock knew him well enough to see through it. He had definitely never imagined that his death had such a profound effect on John. He slowly took John’s hand and put it on his chest, right over his heart.
“John, I’ve studied you. I’ve studied your habits when it comes to relationships.”
John thought, irritated
“Bless his soul, he’s trying to learn some manners.” she said, when he had left. “Oh, boys, what a terrible mess you’ve made! Here, let me just take these cups -”
John was a little taken aback. This was the warmest she’d been since - well, since she’d finalized her divorce and cried herself out on his shoulder.
“She’s going to grow up before we even realise it.” John said wistfully, watching Rosie totter around the room. She’d taken her first steps the week before (“Oh, you’re home. Rosie walked today.” “I told you to call me when that happened, Sherlock!”) and was now taking every opportunity to explore the flat.
“Mr Trevor,” Mycroft started, “Even if your son were still alive, he would be a grown man. This little boy- “
Sherlock shrugged. “The ones who are oriented towards men, yes. It’s a last resort strategy, but it’s surprisingly effective.”
“Maybe.” Sherlock agreed, “But whatever it is, we can all pull through. Humans are built to withstand much more pain than they give themselves credit for.”
“Not a problem.” she said. “It really seemed like you could use the rest.”
Neither of them had alluded to their kiss in any way, shape or form - Sherlock choosing to give John his space and John taking it. They had settled back into their same easy routine, with perhaps a slight edge to it. John was glad. He wouldn’t want to rush and ruin this - whatever
“Until Bertha turned up at your doorstep three days before her death.”
John wondered why everything was so complicated and he couldn’t just tell Sherlock how he felt. Was he still grieving Mary? Partially. Was he still trying to build up the courage to apologize to Sherlock? Definitely. Was he afraid of rejection? Absolutely. Sherlock was still such an amateur when it came to understanding emotions. He probably thought that holding hands and cuddling and killing for each other were things people just
“And that leads back to me, how?”
Sherlock stared at him. “I’m not on a date with him. I mean, it isn’t even a date at all. Just meeting an old friend.”
The effect was surprising and instantaneous. Mrs Hudson dropped her plate into the sink, muttered “Oh, dear.” and promptly fainted.
Sherlock ignored him, leaning back and closing his eyes again.
John nudged him, and he finally looked up, lips pursed with worry. They held eye contact for a heartbeat, then John pulled him into a hug, stroking his hair comfortingly.
“No.”
The alarm stopped as suddenly as it had started. They turned to see Irene watching them from the bottom of the stairs, smirking. “Amazing how fire exposes our priorities.” she mocked. Then she turned on her heel and left.
“Turn up the volume.” he said, staring straight ahead. John scrambled for the remote.
Molly took it from him, speechless. “It can’t be. I destroyed this.”
“Where are they now?”
“You’ve never asked anyone out before, have you?"
Sherlock glanced at Mycroft, confused. An almost undetectable shake of the head convinced him of it; Victor’s death was still a secret. He was still officially missing.
how much he regretted it. Sherlock needed to know how much John cared about him, that he had spent almost every waking moment of the past few years loving him. Just for a moment, he didn’t care about the fact that this would change everything.
“Get dressed, there’s been a break-in. The fourth one.”
. Mark knew about Noel’s beating - he’s evidently a heavy drinker, probably had a drink too many and yelled about it at the pub. Someone heard him and decided to manipulate it as part of a bigger plan - oh, this is deeper than I imagined…”
“- identified as Nathan, Alex and Howard Garrideb. The bodies washed up on the shore a few hours ago. Investigations have been launched to ascertain the cause of death - ” the reporter said. Beside her were three blown up images of the Garrideb brothers.
“Would you like a cuppa, Rosie?” asked John, enthusiastically waving the teapot around.
“Yes.” she said firmly. Then she sighed and looked down at her plate, suddenly guilty, and reached across the table to squeeze John’s hand. “I’m sorry I missed your wedding.”
“What’s in the bag?”
“Mrs Hudson,” Sherlock said tonelessly, “Bertha Adams is dead.”
“Then how did she - ”
John looked at him quizzically.
“Right. Changing the topic completely…Harry, when did you realize that you’re gay?”
leave, not even when Sherlock drove him up the wall with his rudeness and his sulking. He could always be counted upon to be there in the morning, maybe grumpy but reliably, solidly
“You, John Watson, are silver.” he whispered.
“He’s dead.” Sherlock repeated. “He’s been dead for years. We found his bones at the bottom of a well near Musgrave Hall. He must’ve fallen in somehow.”
“No. Drug addict, then. How did you know about the priest?”
“So what’s this about, then?”
“Nicholas Edmund.” John read off the nameplate. “So, ‘you are ne’ something.”
A huge plate of fish and chips later - none of which Sherlock ate, opting instead to watch John happily dig in - and Billy still hadn’t signalled. Sherlock sighed and shifted his gaze from the window to the waitress, who was flirting shamelessly with John.
“John, there are...things...I’ve been meaning to ask you.”
it, Sherlock. It’ll give you a sense of finality. If you don’t do it, no one else will, and he’ll go to his grave still searching for his son.”
“I thought you wanted me to stop thinking about that. Well, since you brought it up, the plan is to continue digging around in the Edmund family’s - “
Yes, I know that Sherlock putting his head on John’s shoulder would require quite a bit of contortion, thanks to their height difference. I like to think he was kind of half-lying down and John was sitting straight.
“Are you divorced?”
He took another few breaths, shutting off his thoughts and turning away.
He slid off the couch and started preparing a cup of tea. He had somehow convinced John to take the bed for another night, but he knew it wouldn’t last, and he would eventually get forced back into his own room. He wondered if he should ask John to share with him, but he knew John would refuse, especially after what had happened last time…
“And yet you jumped into the water today. You’re a strong man, John Watson.”
“Two weeks.”
“If you care about your father at all, answer me. It could help us solve the murder. Why were you at Sherrinford?”
“The Queen has a schedule.” Sherlock whispered, and John pinched his hand, trying to suppress his giggles.
. John was too precious to lose. He was the only one who Sherlock laughed with, rather than at. He put up with all of Sherlock’s tantrums and eccentricity, and somehow still loved him for it. He even made lazy days at Baker Street bearable.
he thought helplessly.
Sherlock turned back to Eurus. “Eurus.” he said, his voice steely. “That’s enough.”
“It’s at Xavier Trevor’s. Victor Trevor’s father.”
. They’d been given second chances, and thirds, and even fourths - and Sherlock realized that he couldn’t keep squandering them anymore. He got up and ran after John, catching up with him halfway down the aisle and spinning him around.
Meanwhile, John had drifted over to the photos hanging on the wall. There was one in particular which caught his eye. It was clearly more recent than the rest; the colours were sharp and the corners only slightly ragged. It was a photo of a sullen old woman, and John had the distinct feeling that they’d met.
“Why is it yellow?” Sherlock muttered.
“You think Rosie getting kidnapped was your fault, and you want me to take her someplace safe.”
Sherlock sighed; there was no way he could resist John’s puppy face, so he lay down on the opposite end of the bed. As if on a sudden impulse, John shifted closer, putting his head on Sherlock’s chest and draping an arm over his stomach. As Sherlock let his hand softly graze John’s hair, he desperately tried to remember how to breathe. He turned his head and met John’s eyes, suddenly aware of how much he wanted to reach out and touch the crinkles by his eyes. Find out where they began, where they stopped, how deep they were…
When John woke up, he instinctively reached out for Rosie, but his hand didn’t touch either her smooth skin or the cold wood of her crib. He looked up and saw Sherlock looming over him, a mixture of worry and relief evident on his face. He reached out and caught Sherlock’s hand, while Sherlock clutched his just as hard - as if he was the one drowning.
The next morning, John woke up to find himself alone in the tent. Sherlock’s sleeping bag hadn’t even been unrolled. He stretched, and the events of the previous night came back to him - kissing Sherlock. Sherlock kissing back. More kissing and staring, until John had finally giggled, pulled away and said he needed to sleep.
“Sherlock.” John shifted closer to him, looking slightly uneasy. “The last time you decided your war with Moriarty was too personal led to you faking your own death. Don’t lock yourself away, please.”
Sherlock nodded.
“When she shot you - that was the last straw. I knew in that moment that I could never be happy with her again. Even looking at her - all I saw was you, lying on the floor in a very scary pool of blood. I don’t think I would’ve stayed if she wasn’t pregnant. So, well - that’s how I ended up texting Eurus. I wanted to feel that emotional connection again with someone else, just to prove to myself that my feelings for you stemmed from an unhappy marriage and nothing else.”
“Sorry about yesterday, boys.” he said. “The arthritis really gets to me sometimes. And then, of course, there’s the business with Victor…”
Sherlock forced himself back to the matter at hand. “Eurus. You. Our parents. John. Lestrade knows Eurus as an escaped mental patient, unless you told him something else. Magnussen knew the word Redbeard, but I don’t know what else he knew.”
The night that they got back from their first visit to Sherrinford, John had forced Sherlock to spend the night at his house. Since 221B was in ruins and Mycroft was spending the night in the hospital on Lestrade’s insistence, Sherlock was in no position to refuse. Both John and Sherlock were too worn out to sleep on the cramped couch, so they’d ended up settling on far edges of the bed. However, dawn found them curled up in the same blanket, a little too close for comfort. Sherlock had no qualms - it had kept his nightmares at bay - but John sprang out of bed and muttered something about ‘checking on Rosie’. Neither of them mentioned it after that, and Sherlock was convinced that John had forgotten all about it.
“It comes up in casework more often than you’d think. People tend to let their guard down when they’re sexually manipulated.”
“Yes.” John said hoarsely, “Talking to Oliver yesterday...but it’s not just Mary. It’s you, too.”
, said the still-rational parts of his brain.
The two men sat in silence for a while, John constantly refilling Oliver’s glass. Finally, he was convinced that Oliver was intoxicated enough. “Er, do you mind if I use the loo?”
“He’s not my first.” he said, barely audible.
“St Bart’s morgue.”
“I was lying awake in this room when I heard a crash downstairs. So I just climbed halfway down the staircase and I - I saw Anna in the living room. I fainted, and when I came to, she was gone, so I called the police.”
“Hair.” she declared, hands bouncing through Sherlock’s curls.
“Oh.” Lestrade looked rather put out, “How is John doing? With, you know, Mary and all that?”
Sherlock picked up a fork, defeated, and moodily stabbed his food. The cutlery squeaked against the plate, and the waiter gave him a sour look.
There was something strangely mocking about her tone as she sidled closer to him, almost whispering in his ear.
“You’re wearing a new locket. You wouldn’t wear it to the mortuary unless it was really special. The expense suggests boyfriend, not friend.”
“Just - everything, Sherlock. You deserve to be loved. You are...hell, I don’t know, the best man I know. I should be asking myself what
“I told you. Because I wanted more, and I still do.”
“Go to Harry’s for the night and come back to take your things tomorrow. I’ll be out. I’m sure Mrs Hudson can somehow adjust this month’s rent.”
Sherlock considered this for a moment. “I’d like to visit Stargrounds. It might shed some light on this. Could you and Noel accompany us? I have an inkling that you could help.”
“Your wardrobe has a false back?” asked John, surprised.
“Sort of.” John said. “We have some questions, but if you’d rather not talk right now -”
John nodded and turned to leave, obviously still troubled by Eurus’ words. Impulsively, Sherlock reached out and squeezed his hand. “Soldiers, remember?”
Sherlock Holmes. It’s absurd. Yes, you bloody moron, absolutely. I’ll be your boyfriend - if you’ll be mine.”
“Were you?”
“I suggest you tell your boyfriend sooner rather than later that you’re only with him for his money.” he told her, gaze sliding over her expensive locket and shabby shoes. “In fact, I think he already knows.”
“Rosie did. Look! She likes me.” Rosie had spotted Sherlock and was now enthusiastically thrashing about. He smiled, tweaked her nose, and started buttoning his quintessential black coat. John eyed him suspiciously.
“Yes, John, very good. You’ve brought your gun, I hope? If my sources are correct, we should be in time to stop a murder tonight. But we have to find out who he’s working for - so remember, don’t shoot him unless it’s absolutely necessary.”
Some strange feeling welled up inside him, and it took him a moment to realize what it was. Sympathy. Something he normally never felt for clients, but this...this was about his own sister.
They both chuckled. “No, I suppose not.”
Mrs Hudson smiled warmly at them. “Yes, of course I do. I just didn’t want that dreadful business catching up with me again. Now, off you pop. I have work to do.”
“Before you got on the plane…” John closed his eyes, visibly more distressed. “That’s what you were going to tell me, isn’t it? You were going to tell me that you love me.”
Lestrade nonchalantly rattled his handcuffs, and Mark burst into tears.
The intercom crackled with static.
“He was Moriarty’s right hand man. Shortly before Moriarty’s death, he just vanished. Oh, slippery as an eel, that man - I’ve never even come close to catching him. Ever since I came back to London, he’s probably been building up an empire somewhere else.”
“Yes, well, I am a ridiculous man, redeemed only by the warmth and constancy of your friendship.”
“Yes, she’s always known how I feel about you.”
. Over and over and over again. If it was torture enough looking at his suffering, I couldn’t even begin to imagine what he must be going through. Part of me was tempted to let him pull the trigger, to let him put himself out of his misery. But I came to my senses, of course. I realized that if I let him die, then I’d be failing you. I wrestled the gun from him and drove him to Baker Street, and from that day on, I made Mrs Hudson mix sleeping pills with his water.”
“Yes. I ruined your coat.”
“You’ve got a client, Sherlock!” Mrs Hudson called from downstairs.
“Where’s Rosie?” John asked.
Sherlock wasn’t very happy, but he had more pressing issues to deal with. He opened the door and half-ran into the room, expecting to see John covered with bandages with tubes running out of him. Thankfully, John was sleeping peacefully, a bandage on his forehead and another on his hand. There were no weird tubes and monitors. Sherlock gave a sigh of relief and drew up a chair, and had barely settled into it when his phone rang.
“No, I’m sure. It was merely a whim at first, but I confronted him and he completely panicked - that’s when he punched me and called security. If I dig around a little, I can probably find the real Upton and Bertha Adams somewhere.”
. After spending the past two days unsuccessfully hounding Mrs Hudson for more information, he’d hit yet another dead end. At this point, he felt like a sitting duck - just waiting for the next crime, the next move on the chessboard. He recognized John’s gait on the stairs -
Mr Trevor took a few seconds to process this. “What?”
As John leant over the corpse again, someone thundered up the stairs, and the door to the room was flung open. There was an exclamation of surprise, and a strangely familiar female voice said, “Well. I didn’t think I’d find you here.”
Sherlock asked her a few customary questions about the time of the kidnapping, what the men looked like and other such details, and then they both turned to go, leaving Molly to lock up. John stumbled along, not really paying attention to anything in his path. The warm feeling from a few minutes ago had fled, leaving only a cold, dull sense of fear in its wake. When they stepped out into the moonlight, he grabbed Sherlock’s arm and turned him around.
John shifted a little closer to him, and it was a long time before he spoke.
They stood in silence, Molly looking at them pleadingly, Sherlock staring at John, John staring at the form. John finally broke the silence, and he sounded surprisingly calm when he spoke.
They packed, making idle chatter about sandwiches and binoculars. In the broad daylight, it almost seemed as if the previous night could’ve been a dream. John was half-inclined to believe that it was. Sherlock was his usual cranky self, until he let out a long sigh and stopped to survey John, cocking one eyebrow quizzically.
. Were you ever a masseuse?”
“Yea, ‘course I remember the Baskervilles. You tried to drug me and locked me in a cage for your experiment. Good times. By all means, do go on.”
“Something fishy’s been going on.”
“I had an inkling that putting an entire corpse in there might rattle you. Besides, these body parts never bothered you before.”
“Where is Sherlock? It’s important.”
“Thanks.” Noel said hoarsely. “Doctor Watson, I’m sorry you almost drowned because of me.”
Needless to say, it hadn’t ended well.
As they headed out of the room, a piercing alarm punctured the air. “Fire.” they both said automatically, and each looked at the other, eyes locking, ready to carry the other to safety if need be -
They both turned to go, but John turned in the doorway, hesitant.
“It’ll take too long. If we don’t find anything today, that’s what I’ll do. Come along. Be quick, and don’t make too much noise.”
“She’ll be fine, you know. She’s a robust, healthy woman, and it’s only her first heart attack.”
“Thanks, Sherlock. You going to sleep?”
He curled up on the sofa again, sore and uncomfortable, but unwilling to sleep on the lonely bed. There was something strangely suffocating about the darkness and the silence in the flat. Not for the first time, he wondered if he was making a colossal mistake, and stretched out his hand. He picked up his phone and switched it on.
“I’m your mother, Sherlock. You couldn’t hide it from me if you tried. I look at you two, and I know you’d follow each other to the ends of the Earth.”
“Your body works day and night to keep you alive, Noel. All that blood and bone and muscle. Don’t hurt it. Don’t disregard it. Situations change, but these scars - they’re a permanent reminder of what went wrong.”
“Food and extra clothes. Here, have a sandwich.”
“It has nothing to do with the case.” she said abruptly.
“If you say so.”
“Who knows? Whoever this is, one thing is clear. They’re sending me a message.”
told you before you jumped?”
A pause.
John pulled away, searching his eyes. “You’ve never said that before. It’s always ‘I’m in love with you’, or - ”
John interrupted him again. The words were simply rushing out of him now, as if they had been caged away for years and were just now breaking through the bars. “You keep saying I’m abnormally attracted to dangerous situations, but I’m not just addicted to the danger. I’m hopelessly addicted to you, Sherlock. I mean, with you...I’d even be content living in a lonely cottage out in the middle of nowhere.”
“We had plenty of medical tests done.” Mycroft cut in. “They’re his bones all right.”
He settled into the chair next to John and took his hand, trying to hide the tremor in his own fingers. When he had changed the bandage, he looked up to find John’s eyes fixed on him. His heart skipped a beat as he realized that he was still holding John’s hand. John was making no attempt to withdraw it; nor was he blinking as he stared steadfastly at Sherlock. Despite his best efforts, Sherlock found himself mesmerized by John’s eyes, by the soft planes of his face, by his slightly messy hair.
Mycroft inspected his fingernails, clearly amused. “You must forgive me, brother mine. Ever since John Watson moved out, you weren’t always very...trustworthy, to put it mildly. This was just a precaution, should you ever lock yourself in and have one of your little episodes.”
“Sherlock, you need to eat. You haven’t touched food since day before yesterday.”
“Yes. Tell him we found his son’s remains in a well a few days ago, and don’t mention Eurus. Keep her hidden for another couple of decades until we’re all dead and decaying.”
She went back into their mother’s room, leaving Sherlock distinctly unsettled.
The only way his theory would help the case would be if someone at Sherrinford had a bone to pick with Irene. Even then, why would this someone murder her stepbrother, when she clearly didn’t care about him? Who would go to such lengths to psychologically scar Yardley Oliver? All of Sherlock’s background research had revealed that the man had no enemies. And yet, such an intricately planned crime certainly couldn’t be a random one. Sherlock hated the feeling of grasping at straws, but he realized he was doing exactly that.
“Dear god, what is it with you people and burning evidence?” Sherlock banged his fist on the table in frustration. “All right, Lestrade, take him away.”
“No, John, please don’t go, I - “
“Not at all.” Oliver gestured vaguely in the direction of his bedroom.
And then suddenly there wasn’t wood or cold metal behind his back anymore - it was warm muscle.
“You wouldn’t have called me if it was that simple.” said Sherlock, staring long and hard at Lucy.
“No.”
“Breathe.” John said softly. “You need to calm down. Focus on my face. It’s a better world without him.”
“The same as ever.” Sherlock said. “Somebody pretending to be Nicholas’ daughter -”
“I want.”
he thought -
Sherlock gave him an odd look, but it only lasted for a split second, and he quickly caught on to what John was doing. “It’s set for next week.” he said, beaming at the doctor, “But we might have to postpone it...it all depends on little Rosie.” He pretended to sniffle, and John was sure that a significant part of it wasn’t fake.
Sherlock ignored him, still looking out of the window, so he just continued driving. They eventually pulled up next to a small cottage. John recognized Mycroft’s car parked outside, but there was a surprising absence of police cars. As expected, there was a big red 1 on the door, but he barely had time to process it before Sherlock flung the door open. The hall and living room were empty, but John could hear voices from the adjoining room. He reached out to knock, but Sherlock grabbed his arm.
Sherlock shrugged. “I have more of those, but there’s only one of you.”
“ - instead of screaming your head off - she
“I’ve been thinking, and putting the pieces together - you’re not obliged to tell me anything, of course, but - you remember our meeting with Moriarty by the pool?”
John peered at the form, skimming over the customary details - name, date of discharge, cause of death...everything was consistent with what they’d found so far.
Sherlock scoffed.
As she climbed up the stairs, the handcuffs chafed at her wrist and she stopped momentarily. Her nurse put a hand on her shoulder to steady her, and Eurus turned back to smile fondly, careful to hide it from the two guards on either side of her.
“I didn’t know that you had company, Martha.” she finally said.
“Well, Lestrade, I’ve got what I wanted.” Sherlock said. As they left the flat and hailed a cab, he muttered, “I’ve been a fool, an utter fool. I was focusing on James Oliver’s murder, when I should’ve been focusing on the break-in.”
John should’ve figured that Sherlock would read him like an open book. He had never told
“Exactly eleven days ago. Drug overdose. There, there, Hudders.” Sherlock said soothingly, rubbing her shoulders.
The Golem heard the deadly intent in his voice and turned around, and John had to suppress a shiver. He’d seen the Golem before, but that didn’t make his nightmarish face or milk-white skin any less haunting. He released Sherlock, hit out and knocked the gun out of John’s hand, grinning. While John grappled with him, Sherlock recovered and picked up the gun. Between the two of them, they finally managed to pin the Golem down - John holding down his legs while Sherlock restrained his arms.
“Oh, confound these.” Sherlock exclaimed, throwing his chopsticks down on the table.
idea.”
Over the years, John had learnt that very few things could shake Sherlock, but this certainly did. Sherlock collapsed in his armchair and leaned back, eyes closed, fingertips joined.
“Morning, John. Can I borrow Rosie for a few hours? I miss her.”
“Who in hell’s name -”
“Yes.”
“Hm. Did you think about what Mrs Hudson said? About selling your house?”
. Rosie, say murder.”
“Let’s face it.” John continued, “I’m already a marked man. Even if I move away and cut off all contact, it won’t save me from being used against you. Everybody knows how much we mean to each other. There’s no getting around that.”
He closed his eyes and leaned his head against John’s shoulder. For a moment, John was completely taken aback, but he let his own head rest lightly on top of Sherlock’s. There was something infinitely comforting about the fact that every time Sherlock breathed, John could feel the slight movement of his chest beside him. Sherlock was clearly in a slightly emotional mood, and as that didn’t happen very often, John closed his eyes, savouring the moment while it lasted.
“No.” Rachel bit her lip and twisted her wedding ring. “We were very young when we got married. Barely out of college. It was all sunshine and rainbows for a few years. But then he made a couple of bad investments, lost all his money, and that’s when we first started having problems. He...changed. I won’t go into details, but he started going around with quite a rough crowd, getting dead drunk on a regular basis, that sort of thing.”
“You had a homophobic father.”
“So, Sherlock Holmes.” Irene said, when they had ordered their food. She smiled demurely at him, and he didn’t return it. “What’s this really about?”
Sherlock ignored him.
Molly cut him off. “Sherlock, there’s been an accident. You need to come to St Bart’s right now.”
Mycroft frowned. “You can’t be serious. If Irene Adler was in any way involved with Sherrinford -”
“Lie down and put your head on my lap.” he commanded Sherlock, sitting down on the sofa.
eventually led to us solving the case?”
“I know the knitting pattern of each of your jumpers by heart. I think I can remember a single date.” Sherlock said, rolling his eyes as he reached out to wrap his arms around John’s waist.
Sherlock shook his head, John stared at him in disbelief, and they lapsed into awkward silence once again.
- and couldn’t help smiling even more. Mentally scolding himself for being so stupidly sentimental, he looked up from his phone, aware that Irene was saying something.
“Mother, no more! I’ll gain weight again.”
Sherlock wrapped John in his coat, hands frantically reaching for his pulse.
“I’m serious. Eurus, I promised to bring you home. I didn’t. And you’re not exactly the forgiving type.”
when they cared. He didn’t want to scare Sherlock away with some sort of unrequited love confession. He just
“Sherlock, please just talk to me. After this - if you still want me to leave, I’ll go. I won’t bother you again, if that’s what you want.”
With that, he got up and walked away.
“Yes, it does.”
“Normal’s boring.” Sherlock complained, “But if it really bothers Rosie that much, I’ll shift everything downstairs to Mrs Hudson’s fridge. There. Now she won’t mistake a human thumb for her rattle.”
As expected, there was no reply.
Sherlock turned and blinked at him, and the stoic mask had disintegrated into something more vulnerable, a soft expression that made John’s heart ache.
“Not now, John. There is a time and place for everything, and this is not it.”
John’s face was an inscrutable mask, and Sherlock got the distinct feeling that he was hiding some deep, dark secret. He would ask, but he could see that John needed some time to sort through whatever he was feeling. After all, John hadn’t forced him to open up about Irene Adler in front of the fireplace that night. This brought him back the original problem: how badly he wanted to cuddle with John again, to settle his head in the crook of John’s neck and fall asleep like that.
Mycroft raised an eyebrow but didn’t argue.
“Yes.” she said, “But then I decided to leave. I changed my identity. When I got in touch with Moriarty, he managed to get my file out. All traces of Charlotte Oliver were deleted - hard copies, soft copies, everything.”
“I don’t. I just see her for what she really is.”
“What is this, Molly?” Sherlock asked, holding up the form.
“Right. I tried to get Adams to talk about the case, but - for god’s sake, John, be gentler with that ice pack! Are you trying to heal my face or bruise it further? - all he said was that he had already given his statement to the police. Told me that he’s had enough of dead sisters rising and is leaving for a monastery in Tibet tomorrow morning.”
Before John could react, Sherlock had vanished into the crowd of people. He shrugged and made his way to the bar and got himself a drink. Somebody slid onto the stool next to him - a man with dark brown hair and a vaguely familiar face. He turned to look at him, confused for a moment, but then his expression cleared.
“Yes. That thing.” Sherlock said.
Sherlock followed him out. The rain had stopped, but the evening sky was still gloomy and overcast. After a while, he dug around in his pocket for a cigarette, but obviously, there wasn’t one. He wondered if he could give John the slip and sneak one from the old man across the street, but then gave up on the idea. He settled for dragging John back into the hospital. Wondering if there had been any developments in the last five minutes, he looked hopefully at Mycroft, who shook his head and continued pacing.
Sherlock buried himself even deeper behind the newspaper. “I’m not doing this for you, I’m doing it for Rosie.” he finally muttered. He peeked over the newspaper just in time to catch John’s smile.
“Yes?”
“The photos. There are some of you and your wife when you were younger, a few of her from when she was pregnant. But all the baby photos, and the ones after that - they only have you and Anna in them. All the frames, particularly your wife’s, have been religiously cleaned - you can’t bear to let go of the memory of her, and you’re perfectly content with that. What happened tonight?”
A/N: I fangirled so much while writing this :’)
Billy didn’t disappoint him - he quickly came over and whispered a few words in his ear. Sherlock smiled and handed him some money, and he left, pleased.
“Wha - Greg only found out last night.”
“Do you think I’m pretty?”
Sherlock’s room was unsurprisingly impersonal, save for the army doctor currently sprawled across his bed. There was a double bed, a study table pushed into a corner, an office chair. A bookshelf with some rather fascinating tomes. A wardrobe filled with miscellaneous tools and trinkets.
John cocked his head and scrutinised him. It wasn’t like Sherlock to lie around and whine about not knowing enough. He usually just hounded Lestrade and everyone associated with the crime till he got what he wanted. But he’d been sulking all day, giving John weird, mooning glances from across the room.
he thought. But he knew Mrs Hudson was smart, a lot smarter than she let on; and when she left the room, there was no mistaking the tremor in her hands.
“Yes. But first - John, I -“ Sherlock wasn’t entirely sure how to phrase what he was thinking. “I want to do the thing with you. You know, when two people who like each other go out and have fun and do things together…”
“You said you had something of mine.” Irene said.
“There’s my baby girl - did you miss daddy? Hi, Molly, come on in.”
Sherlock laughed. “Have you got any theories?”
She smiled weakly and hugged him tight again. “Thank you.” she said to Sherlock and John, “Really. I don’t know what I would’ve done if you hadn’t been there.”
This got Sherlock’s attention. He’d always had an uneasy feeling where Eurus was concerned, and he’d put it down to guilt, but now he was starting to wonder if it was something else. Something more like frustration at a puzzle he couldn’t solve...
“No, I called Lestrade. I told him to offer you a case every time it was even slightly bizarre. How long did it take you to solve the Ferrier robbery?”
Sherlock’s eyes widened. John paused for a minute to stare at him, then took a deep breath and kept talking, as if he knew that if he stopped now, he might never be able to say everything he wanted to.
“I know. It seemed like a good time to tell you.”
“I’mgladyouaren’tdead.” he finally said.
Sherlock felt something inside his chest melt.
He caught sight of the Holmes family at the end of the corridor. Mr Holmes was reading a magazine, but his hands shook so badly that it was clear he was only trying to appear calm for his sons. Mycroft was pacing up and down, constantly barking orders into his phone, no doubt calling for the best doctors in the country. Sherlock was huddled in a chair, knees to his chest, coat wrapped protectively around himself.
John smiled wryly at her, suddenly glad that he had a sister.
. I will
“No. Why?”
“Quite so. But I wasn’t entirely honest with you.” Sherlock said. “There was one strand I couldn’t quite catch. Sebastian Moran.”
Sherlock sighed. “I’ll think about it.” Mycroft was clearly desperate for him to take the case. Normally, Sherlock would've argued more and left him dangling until Mycroft practically had to beg him to investigate, but he was too stressed about John and Rosie to bother.
“Maybe. Maybe not. I would say Eurus, but to the best of my knowledge, Sherrinford is quite secure.”
Mr Oliver hesitated, but his sorrow seemed to win out. “Why don’t you come in?”
problems and being listened to. He didn’t deserve Sherlock’s care and attention and whatever the tender gleam in his changeable eyes was.
“Indeed. These photos were taken in Poland a day ago.”
“That’s nice of you.”
Sherlock had uncurled himself now, and sat up with rapt interest on his face. “To
“Well, I don’t think you both should worry too much anyway. Rosie’s an unusually strong baby. I wonder where she gets it from.”
He found Sherlock sitting outside the tent, drinking tea from a thermos. He didn’t even look at John - just handed him the thermos.
“You’re angry with me.”
“You Watsons have completely invaded my personal space.” Sherlock complained.
A/N: I spent FOREVER writing this chapter, and it somehow turned into 2300 words of pure fluff. Oh well, one can never have enough Johnlock fluff.
“Well, we obviously can’t use the smoke alarm trick on her again.” John said. Sherlock’s eyes met his for a moment, but flitted away almost instantly.
“Yes.”
“Police?” he asked.
“You could ask Lestrade to look into that officially.”
“Nicely put, Sherlock.” John muttered, as they dragged her to the kitchen table. “You stay with her, I’ll make the tea.”
“Upton Adams. I broke into his hotel room.” Sherlock said casually.
Lestrade was silent for a while. “I like you a lot more when Dr Watson’s around.” he remarked. Sherlock silently agreed.
“Hello, George.” Sherlock said, “What brings you to this part of town?”
Sherlock frowned. “How did you find out about this? Did Mrs Ferrier call?”
again. Forgive me, Sherlock, please.”
“Exactly. Three days after she meets Mrs Hudson, who used to run a drug cartel, she dies of a drug overdose.”
“It wasn’t like I met her and turned into a happy hobbit right off the bat. I was never completely okay until you came back. But when we started going out, the colours dulled a little. Food became somewhat edible. There were times when I almost wasn’t sad. The best thing about Mary? She didn’t make me hide my grief. She made me face it. I’ve lost count of how many dates I ruined because something or the other set me thinking about you.”
"You do it, then, if you're so clever."
The doctor sighed. “All right.” he mumbled, writing something on his notepad and giving it to Sherlock, “Take this pass.” Sherlock snatched it and ran out of the room.
"For starters, we could go on an actual date."
“Sherlock, behave. Sorry, Lestrade, go on.”
“Oh, there’s an entire attic dedicated to you.”
“Sherlock.”
He tried to keep a firm grip on Noel as he started paddling back again, suddenly aware of how much harder it was to stay afloat. He vaguely heard Sherlock’s strangled cry from the edge of the pond -
“Yes. It’s no good.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You kept me in the dark for
“Oh, that woman didn’t fake her death. No chance of her faking cancer; she was clearly too unwell to take care of the garden for some time before she died. Anyone else?”
Sherlock leaned forward. “What did you find? I need you to tell me exactly what you saw.”
“- and I took it out on you. No, it’s not okay, not even remotely. Don’t you see? I hurt you. Not just because I hit you, but because I shut you out when you were just trying to help. You ended up in a
Sherlock pulled out a purple shirt.
John held up his hands in mock surrender and retired to his armchair, too used to Sherlock’s erratic mood swings to bother worrying about them. He immersed himself in writing a new blog post about their latest case - the theft of some precious painting which had baffled Scotland Yard, while Sherlock took a mere two hours to deliver the thief and the painting in one neat package. He was halfway through it when Sherlock finally spoke again.
“There is nothing I would rather do right now than find the damn cabbie who hurt you and Rosie.” Sherlock said, “But there are no substantial leads. I’ve tried the taxi company and searched the site of the accident for clues, but I found nothing. It’s like he never existed.”
. John would never be comfortable with Sherlock being on a roof ever again. Pulling out his gun, he climbed up the last few stairs.
For a while, there was silence on the other end. “Are you serious? You’ve had a proper boyfriend before? Not one of your college flings?”
“So you knew about Eurus this whole time?”
John nodded. “Say bye to Uncle Mycroft, Rosie!”
“No, of course not. Sleep is for the weak.”
“Yes, it does. No point denying your body’s natural stimuli, John.”
“Er - I come here on Friday nights.” he said meekly.
. He didn’t find the shoe, but his hand brushed against something papery. Against his better judgement, he pulled it out.
They hadn’t seamlessly morphed into happy couple mode, of course. In the beginning, there was some awkwardness and hesitation, and always an element of partial disbelief. They’d gotten over it quickly, though, their happiness profound enough to override everything else. They were mostly unchanged in public, but while they were in the flat, John was more open than he had ever been. He’d casually put his arm around Sherlock’s shoulders, or hug his waist halfway through an experiment, or ruffle his hair in passing, or press a hand to the small of his back, or kiss him for no apparent reason.
. And yet he couldn’t stop his hand from trembling as he pulled out the letter, for the handwriting - it was Mary’s.
He crossed over to the kitchen and opened the window. Perhaps holding a baby next to an open window in the middle of a crisp London night wasn’t the best idea, but Rosie hushed immediately, sucking her thumb and staring up at Sherlock. Yes, she hated the confinement. He absentmindedly stroked her hair and looked out of the window. For once, he was seeing and not observing, for his thoughts were far away, on a guarded island in the middle of a lonely sea.
“Wha-”
I can’t believe it’s been 4 seasons and Martin Sass Freeman still hasn’t said “No shit, Sherlock.”
“What else?”
John nodded. “Of course. We’re leaving now. You ought not to stay here tonight, what with the broken French window and everything.”
Lestrade stood in silence for a short while, gathering his thoughts. “When you died, Sherlock, it was a hard time for all of us, but nobody took it harder than John. In the first few weeks, he was practically a ghost. It was like a part of him had died with you. He blamed himself, you know. Felt that he had let you down. Nobody could do anything to help him. Remembering him that way still gives me the chills.” He closed his eyes and swallowed. “The night after your funeral, in the middle of the night, he called me. He didn’t say anything, but I could hear the wind and that eerie silence and I knew that he was at the graveyard. I drove over immediately, and I found him standing next to your grave. He - he was holding a gun to his forehead, Sherlock, and his finger was on the trigger.”
Sometimes, John thought about Mary’s death and felt strangely betrayed.
“So they had their tea, and halfway through it, I heard a mighty crash and came rushing in. Turns out Frank had poisoned his guest. He completely panicked - I suppose he hadn’t thought of the consequences of murder. It was a fairly transparent case, after all - anyone could’ve solved it and sent him to jail. At that time, in the province where we were living - no, I will not tell you the name - Moran was known for ‘handling’ small affairs like this. Frank contacted him, and he covered it up. The man who was killed - he’s deemed missing to this day. No one ever found out.”
. How would
“Are you asking me when I’m going to retire?”
“No. Absolutely not. It’s too dangerous.”
“Just put her on your lap. She doesn’t bite. Not usually.”
John was both jealous and glad that so many people constantly clamoured for Rosie’s attention. Mrs Hudson thought her a delight. Molly begged to look after her whenever she was free from the mortuary, and Harry had asked to babysit her once or twice. John had promised his sister that if she remained clean for a few months, she could have Rosie to herself. Even Lestrade wanted to spend time with Rosie.
“Angelo’s. Wait. As in...Angelo’s where we had our first stake-out?”
The water covered his mouth and he was instantly back in that hellhole, tied to the wood, and his shoulder wound flared up with phantom pain. Years of suppressed memories and trauma were finally resurfacing, and he was dimly aware that his legs were wildly thrashing to keep him afloat.
John frowned. “What, the dead one?”
“No, Sherlock. As my groom.”
“Sherlock. Listen to me.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“Nah. Living there now. Working for Sherlock got meself enough bucks to rent a room.”
Some of Irene’s old demeanour seemed to be coming back to her. She smirked at him. “You jealous?”
“Then let’s make it count.”
It was a wild, tempestuous day, and the wind furiously rattled the windows of 221B Baker Street. Outside, only a few raincoat-clad figures battled through the rain, and even cars were minimal. Sherlock stood by the window and watched the downpour.
“This woman, I’ve seen her before.” he said.
, he reminded himself, setting a brisk pace for the church.
Sherlock decided to ignore her first question. “Yes. Probably as soon as he asks me about her.”
“Shh. It’s okay. You’re not alone anymore. I’ll stay here till you fall asleep - and after, if you want.”
Sherlock just shook his head and rejected the call again. John shrugged and closed his eyes; he had barely drifted off to sleep when
“Are you two still dancing around your feelings, or is there something concrete?” she asked.
“I’ll have you know,” he finally said, “That that man, Sherlock Holmes, happens to be the best damn person I know. He’s also my boyfriend, so you can shove your unwanted opinion right up your -”
“I’m serious.”
John and Sherlock went up the stairs and paused outside the door. They knocked, and a tremulous voice invited them in. It took their eyes a while to adjust to the semi-darkness inside the room, but they could make out a middle-aged man sitting on the bed, wrapped in a blanket. He took a long, shaky drink of water, and raised his eyebrows at them.
“I’m fine.”
, he thought.
“Why?”
“Just promise me you’ll tell us in the future.” John said.
“Yes, thank you, Angelo.”
“Spending the night with Molly. Even I can’t take care of two babies at once. I’ll be in the kitchen if you need anything.” He turned to go.
“Guilt?” Sherlock asked softly.
“No. Jesus.” John ran a hand through his hair, frustrated, letting some of the anger and hurt slip into his voice. “I
Deep down, he rather hoped he would get called out on some bizarre errand. It had been a somewhat dull week since their visit to Sherrinford. Clients were boring, John was busy with work, Rosie slept a lot, and Sherlock still couldn’t make head or tail of Yardley Oliver’s case. He had grudgingly admitted that John was right; there was no connection between Irene Adler and James’ murder. It was simply a coincidence. However, he still couldn’t shake the feeling that something was off about the whole thing. Hadn’t he said it himself?
The first thing he noticed when he woke up was that he was practically sleeping on top of Sherlock. His head gave a painful throb and he mentally cursed himself. He hadn’t gotten this drunk since the stag night, but all the memories from that damn hotel…
It was Sherlock’s turn to get up and take John’s hands, massaging his fingers until they unclenched, squeezing them reassuringly. He didn’t know which one of them it was for.
“How’s the little ‘un?” Billy asked John.
John just smiled and shook his head. Dozens of crimes, and Sherlock’s skills still awed him.
“You called, brother mine?”
“Fine. Any other colour means you do them. And you didn’t sleep last night.”
John closed his eyes, and it was a long time before he opened them again.
“Sherlock?” he repeated, more gently. “Why didn’t you tell me?”
On the cab ride back, neither of them spoke, too busy mulling over their own thoughts. John finally broke the silence.
Barely an hour later, Sherlock and John stepped out of their cab in front of a small two-storeyed house.
one. I completely forgot about it - I was working. Sorry.”
The thought made his gut twist painfully and he dropped into his armchair. He checked his phone to several texts from Mycroft, detailing the angry messages he’d received from John in the past hour. Sherlock couldn’t stop his mouth from lifting into a smile at the screenshots. John had used some very expressive phrases, including
The decomposing body was unmistakably Nicholas’ daughter.
“So you just go around snogging your suspects?”
They both sat in silence for a while. “Mycroft was right.” Sherlock finally said, “This is an intriguing case. The Golem and his accomplice didn’t even leave anything substantial for me to draw deductions from. Whoever we’re dealing with - oh, they’re smart.”
Offended, Sherlock opened his mouth to retaliate, but the next thing he knew, John had pulled him closer. For a moment, their eyes locked, and then John’s lips crashed onto his and everything was oblivion. He was vaguely aware of John’s hands on his waist, and he knew his were doing something similar, but for the most part, his attention was diverted by John’s mouth, soft and warm against his own, mixing with the salty taste of his tears.
“Well - I didn’t really end up getting it. I was out on a case with Sherlock pretty much half the night. Speaking of Sherlock - we, er - we’re kind of...” He felt a little awkward discussing this with Molly, considering how much time she’d spent pining after Sherlock.
“I haven’t forgiven her for that, but she was
“I don’t understand why you would do that.”
Over breakfast the next morning, Sherlock showed John the text he had sent to Irene.
Sherlock frowned at it. “J O B A F E - doesn’t make any sense. I could rearrange it, but - no. Didn’t think so, Bertha wasn’t murdered... let’s try the names from the nameplates.”
“I had the early shift,” she told him, leading him through the corridors. “I was just about to go home and take over Rosie’s babysitting duties for a bit, when I saw them both being wheeled in. Apparently the cab just kind of…swerved off the road and into a tree. John isn’t severely injured, but he’s still getting stitched up. He was really agitated, kept yelling and asking for Rosie, so they sedated him.”
have to keep that ringtone?”
He erased the message and switched off his phone.
“Sherlock, you can’t fill a Redbeard-shaped hole with a Rosie or a John.” He hesitated before suggesting an idea he’d already floated a thousand times. “We really should talk to Victor’s parents, you know.”
he thought. He cleared his throat and chose his words carefully. The Twisted Tale of Eurus Holmes was only known to a select few, and Molly wasn’t one of them.
John just shook his head hopelessly. “So you gave her a human skull.”
To Sherlock’s surprise, Mycroft was tapping on the window. “Should’ve pulled the curtains.” he muttered to himself, as his brother held the door open for Molly.
“You should see the rest of him.” John said smugly.
“Yes! Didn’t you put the sauce on?”
John swallowed. It reminded him a little of his own childhood, although his father would never hit a child...he turned to find Sherlock watching him intently. Sherlock looked away quietly.
Sherlock hesitated.
he had once said to John,
That night, John woke up sweating and breathing hard. He’d seen it happen again - Sherlock’s body whooshing through the air and smashing on the pavement, spread-eagled and broken.
“John, why are you pushing this?” Sherlock asked, raising his voice slightly.
Sherlock had spent the last three days delving deep into the Adams siblings’ background, but he couldn’t find much information. There was definitely nothing to link them with Yardley Oliver and his family. The only similarity between the crimes was the fact that both Bertha and Susan had died recently, so that their death was still fresh in their families’ minds. He had tried to think of a motive to explain the break-in, but there was none. Nothing had been stolen, nobody murdered, no lasting harm done - except to Upton’s psychology. He would have to assume terrorizing him to be the prime motive, then.
“You are one insecure sociopath.” John commented, taking it and rubbing some feeling into his surprisingly icy fingers.
“Did Lestrade call you?”
Someone had lit all the candles, giving the church a soft glow. There was something solemn about the empty pews, the high windows, and the deserted room, and he tried to muffle his footsteps. He could see John sitting on one of the benches, staring down at a piece of paper. Even from here, Sherlock recognized it - Mary’s letter.
“Alright, that makes sense.” John said, “But why murder his son in the first place?”
and then
Sherlock’s face lit up with a half-smile which sent a warm tingle through John, reaching right down to his toes. Now that he was thinking about spending the rest of his life with Sherlock, he realized he had never really seen it happening any other way. Even if Mary hadn’t died, they would’ve found their way back to each other. The distant future he pictured always culminated in them going off into the sunset together.
“You.” Sherlock said simply.
“I’m going to miss you terribly.”
“That’s not the point. Rosie’s all alone, you know. We made a promise.”
“No.” John said swiftly. “She’s the one who pulled the trigger, cut the rope, whatever. Not you.”
Sherlock felt his face colour, but he knew there was no turning back now. “Am I really that easy to read?”
“You should go home.” Sherlock said when they finally broke apart. “I’ll be staying here for a while.”
When he got it, he had thought about showing it to John, but something held him back. What if Mary was wrong and he ended up making a fool of himself? He’d hidden it under the bed because he knew John thought him too clever to choose such an obvious hiding place - or maybe he subconsciously wanted him to find it.
For all the time she had sent in psychiatric wards, Eurus
Countless sandwiches later (he could almost hear Mrs Hudson in his head; “I’m not your housekeeper! Oh, just this once, then”), John leaned back against the tent and sighed contentedly.
“How would you feel if she died, too?” Mr Oliver asked. His tears had started rolling again.
“Why?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock eyed him carefully, then shoved past him and into the house. “With the police.”
“Am I the first man you’ve had sex with?”
He leaned his head against the wall.
She reached out and lovingly squeezed their shoulders.
“I accidentally showed her a picture of the Vitruvian Man with your face stuck on it.”
about it - not even his therapists, not even Mary. He knew it was the wrong approach, but he figured that if he never spoke about it, he wouldn’t have to deal with it. He didn’t want their patronizing pity, because they wouldn't understand. They didn’t
“She obviously doesn’t want anyone else to see it, not even bank officials.” Sherlock said rapidly. “The house is pretty old, probably has a few secret hiding places. She grew up there, so she would know about them. It’s most probably in the boy’s room - she rushed straight up to check on it.”
“So do I! She played those stupid games with me too, remember? She killed Victor!”
monthly anniversaries, but this felt worth remembering. He’d survived one month with a mad genius, and said genius had put up with him, too. He shifted his gift uneasily from hand to hand - a fresh set of glass slides and some test tubes. It seemed a pathetically small gesture, but he didn’t want to overwhelm Sherlock.
“Come on.” John prompted, playing on Sherlock’s obvious weakness for praise, “I know you like this part. Show off for me, detective.”
From the small smile on his mother’s face, he knew that she approved, and whatever little bit of self-doubt he’d fostered dissolved.
“Oh.” There was a pause. “Well. Who was this mystery man?”
“What happened to her?”
“How did he die?”
“However did you deduce that?”
“No, but I’m a doctor. I know the right spots.”
“He’s just gone off to sleep.” she said.
Mrs Hudson smiled to herself as she set the kettle on the table. “So the couch hasn’t been slept on and your room is still out-of-sorts. You and Sherlock shared a bed, didn’t you?” When John didn’t answer, she turned to face him and smiled widely. “Well?” she demanded. “I’ll officiate the wedding.”
“And?”
“Well, you must’ve been a delight at campfire sing-alongs. Did anyone ever throw you into the bonfire?”
“How did you -” John started in an unsteady voice, “What was it like?”
“Drenching Sebastian Wilkes?”
“Red, yellow, red, yellow…” Sherlock muttered. “It has to mean something.
Sherlock thought miserably.
“For weeks after that, the only places I left Baker Street for were the graveyard, the therapist’s, and work. I’d go out for a walk sometimes, but I invariably ended up in front of St. Bart’s, replaying your fall in my mind. Wondering what I could’ve done to stop it. Staring at the pavement like I expected you to pop out of the granite. I barely ate and almost never slept. In fact, I think Mrs Hudson took to drugging me after a while.”
“Moriarty threatened to kill Lestrade, Mrs Hudson and you if I didn’t jump. There were guns trained on you, ready to go off unless Moriarty’s men saw me fall. After that, there were so many times when I wanted to reach out to you, but it was never safe enough. I worried that you might say something indiscreet, let the cat out of the bag. I was scared that Moriarty’s men might be lurking around, and if word of my deception reached them, you’d be their prime target. Everyone had to think I was dead. I had to dismantle every strand of his web before I could come back without endangering you. Forgive me, John Watson. I had no choice.”
“Well, you know, he thinks he’s so smart, because he knows a bunch of tricks. Really, everyone
“You still don’t trust me.”
She looked at him in surprise. “Why, didn’t you?”
Before John could even nod, Sherlock sauntered in. John rose, alarmed. Sherlock never visited him at work. “What’s wrong? Is Rosie fine? Did the flat blow up again? Is Mrs Hudson - “
“She’s good. She can walk. Talks a little, just disjointed words, mostly.”
“But Rosie - ”
John laughed, and they broke apart and set about putting Rosie back to sleep. Finally, they sat down next to each other in the semi-darkness, thoroughly exhausted.
“You know...it’s weird joking about stuff like that now that we’re actually a couple.”
John smiled at her, and Sherlock glimpsed at least a hint of evil in his eyes.
“...thank you?”
“So?”
“I’m very sorry, Mr Trevor.” he said. “But it’s the truth. If it would help you, we could hold a proper funeral. Mycroft will bear the full cost.”
Sherlock swung out of bed, all annoyance at being woken up gone, replaced by eagerness and something akin to excitement. He was already half-dressed when he remembered John, who was currently snoring somewhere in the tangle of sheets. For a moment, he considered leaving John be - Rosie was at Molly’s and this had to be the first time he was getting a good night’s sleep. But he knew John would hate him for leaving him out of the loop, so he gently prodded him.
“You already left once.” Sherlock finally said. “You left me in Culverton’s hospital, when you dropped off the walking cane. Granted, I had anticipated and even banked on the possibility - “
“Alright, I promise.”
“No. It’s more personal.”
“Well - I was attracted to girls back in high school, too, but I thought it was just a phase...or that’s what I forced myself to think. You know how dad was...anyway, in my last year of college, I met Clara, and things just changed. Or maybe things had been the way that they were for a long time and it took meeting Clara for me to accept them. Oh, I’m getting philosophical again. We were just roommates at first, but then I realized that whatever I felt for her was nowhere near platonic. Interesting parallel, isn’t it?”
“It also had - had - my wife’s address, and a photo of her sleeping, and it said that if I didn’t do exactly what was asked of me, I’d see her dead.”
feels like.”
dead, but his videos made us think he was alive.”
“Are you going to tell me what’s going on?” John asked, putting on his jumper inside-out in his hurry.
John quickly scrambled up and wrapped Noel in Rachel’s coat, all panic forgotten.
Their conversation was cut short by Molly Hooper, who didn’t look the slightest bit unfazed to seem them holding hands. “Hello,” she said brightly, “My shift is about to start and I just thought I’d drop by and talk to the doctors. Rosie’s perfectly fine. The wound on her head could take a while to heal, but no lasting damage done. You can take her home with you.” John took his hand away and buried his face in his hands.
“Oh, for God’s sake!” Sherlock said, turning around in the doorway and drawing himself up to his full height. “Will you stop following me around like some sort of half-witted dog?”
kept ringing in his ears like some sort of awful cacophony from hell. Finally, he gave up and went to the bedroom, calming down only when he saw the moonlight illuminate Sherlock’s face. He was clearly agitated, mumbling and thrashing, but he was alive.
“You still hung up on that first boyfriend stuff?”
“Brilliant.” he muttered to himself.
To Sherlock’s surprise, the blood drained out of John’s face, and a flash of pure terror flitted across it. He quickly recovered and stood up straighter, chin high and jaw set. However, he couldn’t hide the slight tremor in his lip or the panic in his eyes - not from Sherlock, at least. Sherlock could tell that something about that well bothered John more than any other near-death experience they’d been in, but there was no way to find out what it was.
“He leaves the living room window open when he sleeps.” Lestrade said, “She climbed in. It’s only the ground floor.”
“No idea.” he said, “Help me look through the storeroom, will you? There might be something useful there.”
“I’ve been drawing up my will. I don’t intend to die anytime soon, of course, but what with bombs upstairs, one can never be too careful.” She shot them a stern look, but it quickly melted. “I’m leaving 221B Baker Street to the two of you. Oh, don’t look so shocked. This is your home, and it always has been."
do that.”
He tripped over a small white shoe and started hunting for the other one. Rosie’s shoes had a knack for ending up in the most unexpected places - wedged under the fridge, underneath a sofa cushion, once even jammed up the fireplace. He sometimes had a feeling Sherlock hid them just to exasperate him. Well,
The sea was unnaturally calm, disturbed only by a few ripples. Sherlock tugged his violin case closer, keeping a wary eye on Irene, always looking away if she turned to look at him. It was imperative that he not miss a single expression or thought of hers. When the first glimpse of the fortress appeared on the horizon, she visibly started, and a flash of horror flitted across her face. A moment later, her placid mask was back in place, but a subtle agitation still remained. The closer they got to Sherrinford, the stonier her face became, and her hands clenched even tighter in her lap.
John laughed. “
“Oh, this? Occupational hazard.” he said carelessly, but it was in vain. John was already wrapping up some ice, hangover forgotten.
As John inspected the bandage on his hand, he thought back to his time in the hospital. He wasn’t sure how much was real and how much he had dreamt, but he was almost convinced that he’d woken up to Sherlock holding his hand.
“Ah, finally! This is Sherlock Holmes and Doctor Watson, they’ll be helping with the case.”
“Yes. I didn’t want to let her in; I thought that drug thing was gone and done with! But she insisted.”
“Why have you never done this before?”
John smiled and zipped up his jacket. “A hunt for one of the deadliest assassins in the world? Of course I’m coming.”
“What? No, I’m fine.” John said, but as he kept glancing at his phone every few seconds, it wasn’t very convincing. “It’s probably nothing. Babies’ stomachs get upset all the time. All part of the process.”
“I won’t deny that. Oh, it’s Lestrade. Hello, Gerald.” Sherlock listened for a while, and then his face lit up with intense excitement. “Good. We’ll be right down.”
Sherlock knew that there was no arguing this time. He let out an exasperated huff. “Fine.”
“I should ask you the same thing.” she said, “That’s my father downstairs. This is my house. In fact, this is the room in which I grew up.” A fresh set of howls and sobs interrupted them from downstairs, and a flash of pain flitted across her face. “Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have to attend to my father.” She disappeared, heels click-clacking on the stairs.
“Wait - you’re gay?” John asked, as they began walking down the street, Sherlock still pulling him along like an excited child at a fair.
“Where was Steven?”
“Hm.”
“Well, you must’ve deduced some stuff yourself when you were out with Irene. Are you going to tell me about what happened with her?”
Sherlock was silent for a moment. “I did think about it, but it doesn’t add up. Irene Adler is a lot of things, but she isn’t a cold-hearted killer.” He leaned back in his chair. “Before I jump to any conclusions, I need to find out where she’s been and what she’s been up to. I need to find whatever she’s hiding.”
“I know.”
“Didn’t anyone tell you? They couldn’t find the cabbie.”
Sherlock thought
“Better in than out.” Sherlock interrupted. John huffed, but Sherlock ignored him. “Anna’s mother died in childbirth and you never remarried.”
Sherlock’s eyes seemed to say. Although John still didn’t like the idea of making Sherlock camp on the sofa, he shrugged and nodded. After all, he had full faith in Sherlock’s abilities to look after Rosie, and he really could use a good night’s sleep. The drugged sleep in the hospital hadn’t quite cut it.
“Crime number three - victim: Rachel Evans. A red 3 painted on the front door. Husband Fred Evans was murdered. A month later, his corpse visits the house, let in by the house help, Mark. Er, where did this lead us?”
- although I confess, she can’t take full credit for that.” Sherlock opened his mouth to respond, but Mycroft cut him off. “In case you’ve forgotten, she almost killed John Watson.”
, he thought, as he pulled out his phone and texted Billy.
“Good.”
“Waterboarding - that’s when they cover your face with a cloth and - “
“Well, don’t make it a date, then. Just take her out for a meal on the pretext of, er, returning her cameraphone.”
“When we met Ajay in Morocco, you remember what he told us about his captors -”
“That was a good thing you did back there.” Sherlock said.
"Like what?" Sherlock asked, eyes gleaming.
“I’m not going to take my infant daughter to a pub! What kind of a father do you think I am?”
“No.” he said, “There’s always something.” Yardley looked up, and John patted his shoulder. “Your wife and son would’ve wanted you to keep living. They wouldn’t want you to give up.”
“Anytime - actually, no, I’d rather not do it again.” John said.
Sherlock carefully picked her up, trying to do it the way John had taught him. She shushed a little then, and John opened his eyes. “Yes, look after her this once, will you, Mary?” he mumbled. Sherlock’s heart gave a painful pang, and then John turned over and went back to sleep.
Sherlock froze, bandages dangling in midair. “What?”
Sherlock got into the cab, gave the driver some directions, and watched Baker Street fade away. Not having John on a case with him felt...odd. “I really am lost without my blogger.” he muttered to himself. When he drew up at the crime scene - a large, imposing bungalow with a neat garden - Lestrade was already waiting for him.
5k hits! Thank you :D
She hesitated for a moment, but then sighed resignedly. “Oh, all right. Sit down, boys. First - I need you to promise me that what I tell you won’t leave this room.”
“There’s no fixing her, Sherlock. She’s twisted beyond measure. You can play your duets and baby her, but that’s not going to change the fact that if you remove that glass, bad things are going to happen. She’s bottling up years of isolation and resentment, and she’s too clever.”
“No, of course not.”
Silence, then a rustling of bedsheets as Sherlock buried his face in John’s chest.
your fault. But when she died, I pinned all my guilt on you and - I am so sorry.”
“But if he’s really leaving for Tibet tomorrow, how on earth am I supposed to find out who he really is?”
A/N: It’s been 2 seasons and I’m still not over the Reichenbach Fall T_T This is me trying to give myself closure.
“What do I do with her?” Mycroft asked, bewildered.
“You going out?” he asked.
“Mycroft. Go back to sleep.”
“Is that the only part of me you can reach without standing on tiptoe?” he asked.
“Christ, Sherlock, you’re freezing! Get inside the blanket.”
Sherlock had expected him to storm out in a temper, not to stay and fight for him. For a moment, his resolve weakened, and he wondered if he could really give up the best thing that had ever happened to him. But then he thought of Rosie, drugged and kidnapped, and John in a hospital room with a scar on his forehead, and swallowed.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You aren’t thinking straight.” Mycroft said. “I can guarantee this won’t end well.”
“What are you doing here?” John cut in.
“What’s your connection with this place?” John asked forcefully.
She took a deep breath. “If you think it’ll help with the case, I’m ready to tell you the truth about Sherrinford. How much do you know?”
It had been over a week since that night at Stargrounds, and it hadn’t been an easy one. It was impossible to gauge what John was thinking - but so far, he hadn’t moved out and he hadn’t been behaving any differently, so that was good. Sherlock was used to hacking away at problems until he found a way to solve them, but he’d finally found one he couldn’t solve: John Watson. There was nothing to do but sit and wait.
thought Sherlock,
“Yes. To make honey.”
“So what’d he say?”
He turned around and headed out of the room, leaving Sherlock to change.
“Why do
“I said it’s late and I should go home. It probably isn’t safe to leave father alone for too long.” she repeated, one eyebrow raised.
Sherlock and Mr Holmes turned imploringly to Mycroft. He sighed and threw his hands up in defeat. “Fine. But the earliest I can get her here is by tomorrow morning.”
“Go after him, I’ll do what I can for her!” John said, and Sherlock sped off again.
“It’s true, what she writes - wrote - for both of us, this marriage was the life we thought we wanted. But I was wrong. After we got married, things were worse than ever, because that’s when I realized - I couldn’t fall in love with her. I didn’t want her or the feigned normalcy or the settled life I’d always craved. I wanted you, and I still do.”
“Neither is yours.”
“She’ll be fine.” Sherlock said softly. John looked up to see Sherlock staring at him intently.
“I’m usually too busy yelling at you to stop shooting the wall. Good thing I confiscated the guns this time. Sherlock...I’ve been thinking about what you said.”
“I am. You aren’t.”
Sherlock remembered Lestrade’s words.
“That you’re hopelessly in love with him.” When she saw his poker face, she rolled her eyes. “Oh, please, Sherlock. It’s a little obvious, isn’t it? You almost got yourself killed just because he wasn’t talking to you. But we don’t have to talk about this if you don’t want to. Will you tell him about Rosie?”
John buried his head deeper in Sherlock’s shirt. “Heterochromia iridis.” he said after a while, “It’s the medical term for your condition. That’s why your eyes change colour, depending on the light.”
“Where did you go after Karachi?” he asked.
“Oh, don’t leave on my account.” she said sweetly. He gave her a scathing look and left the room.
She took a sip from the cup John had offered and grimaced slightly. “Not as good as mine, but it’ll have to do, I’m afraid. Well, you two certainly have questions. I suppose it’s no use trying to hide anything. Ask away.”
Breakfast at the Holmes’ house that morning was a gloomy affair. Sherlock pushed his food around his plate, weighed down by the knowledge of what he would have to do later that day. John nursed a cup of coffee, checking his phone constantly - Mrs Hudson had called earlier to tell him that Rosie had an upset stomach. Mr and Mrs Holmes tried to indulge them in conversation, and while John tried to be polite and friendly, they could still sense the grey cloud gathering over him. They decided to focus their energy on interrogating Mycroft instead.
John was at the clinic when he remembered.
pain and
John craned his neck. He could see Sherlock in the kitchen, now talking to Mrs Hudson, probably trying to bully her into frying up a few eggs. It wasn’t like Sherlock didn’t know about Sholto, but John wasn’t about to go rubbing it in his face either.
John had already drawn up the list.
“Oh, how very creative.”
he asked himself. He had a vague remembrance of Sherlock carrying him to bed, of asking him to stay, and of Sherlock’s fingers running through his hair. Had he forced Sherlock to call him...pretty?
“So. We’re off to Azkaban.”
“Oh, simply two friends having dinner.” Sherlock said, “Just like old times.”
Sherlock placed a hand on the small of his back. “Make yourself comfortable.” he said, “I’ll just go finish what I came here to do.”
“That, and I’ve basically been pining over him since the day that I met him. So - Clara was your first girlfriend, right? But you two didn’t end well.”
But what awed him the most was that it was John who was with him right now, steady, warm John. John who softly nipped his lower lip and lightly trailed a finger down his cheek. It was a completely chaste kiss, but he hadn’t been kissed this tenderly by anyone in years, and certainly not when it mattered.
“In a nutshell, yes.”
“I’m not going to try anything like this ever again.” Noel promised.
“By taking her out on a date, of course.”
John sighed heavily, like he knew that there was no point in denying what they were both thinking. They’d gone out to prevent a death and witnessed two. He dropped the wipes and took Sherlock’s hand, massaging it softly, and Sherlock suddenly felt a lot calmer. Treated this way by anyone else, he would’ve felt patronized, but he didn’t mind John. John always pieced him back together after a case - physically and sometimes emotionally. Although he didn’t get attached to clients, he did try his best to save innocent lives. If a death happened when he could’ve prevented it, he considered it failure of the worst kind.
“John, I’ve made a terrible mistake. Mycroft was right. Caring is not an advantage.” he said monotonically. John wouldn’t fall for it, but it was the only thing he could think of.
“Did I ever tell you what really happened on that rooftop?”
“Hey, Sherlock...do you have a plan?”
Irene Adler had dropped by a few times to talk about the case. For some reason, whenever she visited, she made sure that John wasn’t around. Sherlock had almost come to regard her as an acquaintance now. Neither of them talked about Eurus or Sherrinford, but he would often get a bad taste in his mouth, and an overwhelming need to apologize.
For a brisk moment, something flitted across Sherlock’s face. Pain. “It means the world to me, John, which is why I need you to leave. Get away from Baker Street and far, far away from me, do you understand?”
Rachel leaned forward and wrapped her son in a hug.
John rose to meet them, cocking an eyebrow inquisitively. Sherlock just shook his head, and the three men trooped out into the unkempt lawn.
“Oh, for god’s sake. I won’t have you freeze to death just for the sake of my sexuality. Just get in, alright?”
Even as the first few vestiges of panic began to appear on Rachel’s face, John was already running full pelt back to the clearing. He could see Noel’s arms desperately flailing somewhere in the middle, and he quickly ripped off his jacket and shoes and dived in. The water was cold and his muscles seized a little as he swam furiously for the first time in months, but there was no time to process. He was right - the pond was deep, and also apparently a lot wider than it looked. As he finally reached Noel, just in time to grab his unconscious body, he could hear Rachel yelling from the edge.
“Go back to your room, young man. I don’t want you hanging around this investigation. You don’t need the trauma.” Rachel said, sternly. “Oh, but eat something, you haven’t eaten since yesterday -” But he had already gone back up the stairs.
. Them saying “I’m sorry” wouldn’t make the nightmares go away.
“It’s right in front of you.” John retorted, but handed him the shaker anyway. Sherlock caught his hand.
“I won’t. It helps to have a fresh opinion.”
Sherlock came out of his bedroom and rolled his eyes. “Pretty sure tea’s not good for babies, John.”
Sherlock was quiet. The very thought that anyone would want to hurt Mrs Hudson made his blood boil. “You should’ve told us earlier, Mrs Hudson. I would’ve tracked this reptile down. I would’ve made them pay.”
Sherlock sighed impatiently, closed his eyes and leaned his head back. He was
“I was.” Sherlock admitted. “But I realized I wouldn’t be doing either of us any favours, especially since I was going to my death - ”
John returned. “Er, does it - sorry, she - normally speak?” Mycroft asked him.
“What on earth…?”
“Yes, we have. Go to sleep, John. We’ll talk tomorrow.”
done to deserve you.”
“If we’re done here, I’m going back to the clinic.”
“You were a hostage in Afghanistan -“
John nodded his approval, and Sherlock meekly set down his phone. He’d sulked all night long before he finally managed to convince himself to send the text. He knew it was for the case, but he absolutely hated the idea of going out on a fake date with Irene - especially since John thought he was ‘interested’ in her. As if he could ever have eyes for anyone except John Watson.
“Stay.” he said simply, then leaned forward to cup John’s face in his hands and kiss him. Something in his chest flitted back to its usual place, and his muscles didn’t feel quite so tight anymore. He paused to close the small pocket of space between their bodies, foreheads close enough for their eyelashes to brush.
“Stay with me, John Watson.”
And the hand-holding - Sherlock had never known that there were so many kinds. When they were chasing criminals, there was the steady, strong grasp. When either of them was tired or frustrated or sad, there was the soft, reassuring squeeze. When someone awoke from a nightmare, there was the desperate, white-knuckled clutch. When they felt an overwhelming surge of happiness, there was the finger-linking, like jigsaw pieces meant to fit together.
“I won’t be alone. I have Mycroft. Not that he’s a big consolation, but - he’ll have to do.”
He got up and handed Rosie to John (“Unc! Bye!”), pausing to politely nod at Mrs Hudson on the stairs.
“Yeah, ours is kind of like the you-saved-my-life-now-I’ll-save-yours kind. But we aren’t dating.”
“The homophobic parent. I found out about
“You know him?”
Sherlock had tried to reason with Mycroft, but he was convinced that Eurus
“John…”
He unlocked his door and peeked out. The kitchen was empty, the flat oppressively silent, and he was forcibly reminded of John’s wedding and the loneliness it had entailed.
“Yea, a baby daughter.”
“I am.”
Eventually, a doctor came in and cleared his throat. Sherlock rose to leave, but the doctor smiled at him. “It’s alright, you can stay here while I examine your boyfriend."
“I know what bees do.”
As the clock struck six, Sherlock tried to swallow the lump in his throat. On the cab ride to the hospital, he had thought about confessing his true emotions to John, but he couldn’t do it. Firstly, he didn’t know how to. Was he just supposed to say ‘I love you’ and leave it at that? Was he supposed to bring chocolates or roses or something? Secondly, if John didn’t feel the same way, he would probably move out. The last time that had happened, Sherlock had hallucinated, almost overdosed and put himself in firing range of a serial killer - on purpose.
“I’m sorry, what was that?” Sherlock asked.
John looked at him in surprise. “Seriously? I thought you didn’t care - “
thing in him. Did he know about the beating?”
“I’m heading to work now.” John rose. “If you’re not going out, can you watch Rosie? Molly’s busy and we can’t always leave her with Mrs Hudson.”
Whenever John saw Sherlock and Rosie together, he had to resist an urge to laugh. Sherlock treated her with extreme trepidation, as if afraid that she would dissolve into fragments of glass at any moment. He was always unsure about how to deal with her tantrums and soothe her, but she seemed to think him funny. Everytime he walked by, she held out her chubby little arms and if he picked her up, clutched on to him for dear life. When he was solving a case, he often muttered to her, and she would smile. If she saw him working with his chemicals at the kitchen table, lab-goggles on, she giggled gleefully. Everytime she smiled or laughed or clamoured to be held, John could almost see something melting in Sherlock’s eyes. It was at moments like these that something inexplicable would rise in John’s stomach - he wasn’t sure if it was grief for Mary or happiness for Sherlock - and he had to turn away and compose himself.
John nodded, meaning suddenly dawning on him. “You think she’s come for some other reason. She knew we were going to be investigating this, since it’s too bizarre to pass up.”
“This, Sherlock, is what
“Anagrams.” he said abruptly, then grabbed some of his files and spread them out on the ground and turned to John. “Get pen and paper.”
“That’s what you were supposed to think.”
“Okay. I’ll figure out how to slip away from Mr Oliver once I’m inside. Do you think I should check James’ room?”
“You can’t see Rosie. Children are only allowed family visitors.” Molly held up a hand to silence him. “Yes, I know you’re family, but not legally. I can take you to see John in a few minutes, when the doctors are done with him.”
They got out of the cab, Sherlock barely stopping to pay the driver, and shot off at a brisk walk through the solemn corridors of St Bart’s. To Sherlock’s relief, the morgue wing was practically deserted. The stark white light cast eerie shadows on the walls, and although dead bodies didn’t bother them by day, there was something distinctly unnerving about being so close to them now. Sherlock and John paused at the door to the morgue.
Sherlock shrugged nonchalantly. “Just a thought.”
. It wouldn't hurt to have a valid reason to drive away all those women who kept flirting with John.
“You know. Talk to Sherlock Holmes. Snog him senseless. Spill out the innermost desires of your heart -“
“No.” he said stoutly.
John hailed a cab and set off on the journey back home, mind buzzing. Who was Charlotte? Why was there a Sherrinford file in Irene Adler’s luggage? Why had she gone to so much trouble to hide it? If only Mr Oliver had stayed in the living room for a few more seconds, John could’ve uncovered so much…
, Sherlock thought desperately, looking to John for help. To his astonishment, John was smirking.
.” Mycroft finally said, “He’s family, and you want him to start forgiving Eurus.”
“I heard.” Sherlock said demurely. “And I saw you clench your fists and prepare to punch him, but you didn’t. You now only react with violence and anger to a fourth of the situations you did earlier; that’s good progress, John.”
John could tell that Sherlock wasn’t going to budge this time. He would probably starve himself till he got some sudden ray of inspiration.
“Hmm?”
“No?”
Sherlock felt something in his heart twist painfully.
Sherlock’s eyes widened slightly in recognition, and John knew that he was thinking about their brief encounter with the Golem. They’d come so close to catching him, but he got away at the last moment.
“Ah, the great Sherlock Holmes,” came his brother’s voice from above, “Full-time consulting detective and part-time sausage roll.”
“No. She died.” John said, voice trembling slightly. “It’s just like you said. Here one day, gone the next.”
John wasn’t sure if he was joking. “Er, yea, he’s fine -”
“None.”
Sherlock scoffed derisively. “No. Mycroft just likes being overdramatic. She influences people to a very high extent, absolutely, but mind control? This is real life, not a science fiction movie.”
It was well past midnight, and Sherlock was pacing up and down now. Mr Holmes and John were both asleep, and Mycroft sat at some distance from them, staring unwaveringly ahead. After a while, Sherlock sat down beside him and took a deep breath.
“Hm. He evidently called a priest before calling the police, so I highly doubt he’ll have anything substantial to tell us.”
As Mycroft left the room, he glimpsed Rosie smiling gleefully and waving at him.
“No signs of forced entry anywhere, I’m absolutely certain you didn’t leave any doors unlocked or windows open...that leaves only one option. Someone let Ghost Father into the house.”
“We promise.” Sherlock finally said.
“You wouldn’t be too happy with me if it was.” said Mycroft.
, in my head.”
“Should you be encouraging his drug habit?” John asked.
“Oh. Right. The one where you made your grand re-entry into life and I almost proposed to Mary.”
Sherlock wanted to deny it. He wanted to lie and tell John that he really didn’t care about him, because that would surely get him to leave and then he would finally be safe. But then John leaned across the table and took his hand, and he felt his resolve dissolve.
“Sure.”
“That’s not my signature.” she said, but Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“What it is to love. It’s just a chemical defect to you.”
Truth be told, John missed his daughter terribly, but he’d been repressing it in favour of looking after Sherlock until his mother was better. Sherlock looked at him sternly, as if he knew exactly what was going on in his head.
“Have we - no. Not yet.”
Their heads whipped up at the sound of footsteps. John made to hide, but Sherlock grabbed his arm to stop him, mouth set in a firm line. John looked at him questioningly, but he just put a finger to his lips, eyes fixed on the door. The footsteps paused for a moment, then picked up speed, and Molly ran in. When she caught sight of them, her face paled.
“Why don’t you just ask Molly for help?” John asked.
Nicholas gave a low groan of horror and stepped away. His grip on the cup loosened, and it fell to the ground. Hot tea scalded Lestrade’s shoes as he caught Nicholas before he could fall, mouth open in a silent scream.
John got up and plucked the apple core from his hands, discarding it and leaning by the desk. Far enough to give Sherlock his personal space, but close enough to provide comfort, if needed.
“You haven’t given me reason to.”
Sherlock just stared at her silently, completely at a loss for words. How was he supposed to calm her down? She wouldn’t let him tell her the cool logic of it. “You’ve got a new boyfriend.” he muttered instead.
“There’s nothing to tell. We kissed, that’s all.”
“If you ever get the urge to, ever again,” Sherlock said softly, “You know where to find me. Well, I suppose I have everything I need. You two can go home if you’d so like - just show me the way to the hill where you camp.” He turned to John, who was pulling Sherlock’s coat tighter around himself, as if trying to melt into the fabric. “Are you okay?”
“They can’t just wheel a body out of the hospital, John. A morgue employee would have to sign some forms first, one copy of which would be kept in the morgue. In all probability, the forms would’ve been destroyed by now, but it’s worth a chance. It’s quite late, nobody will be there. We’ll just nip in and snoop around.”
“Really? Don’t you have anything stronger?” she asked. She looked at the photo again and swallowed. “Sebastian Moran.”
John drew away, looking a lot more composed than Sherlock currently felt. “Does this mean you forgive me, then?”
He knew the answer to that now.
They’d both found exactly what they were looking for.
He couldn’t believe how close he’d come to losing Rosie, but it had convinced him of the seriousness of the situation they were dealing with. He’d learnt from experience that whenever someone targeted him or his family, it was usually an indication that they would stop at nothing to tear Sherlock down. Moriarty, Magnussen, Eurus...they’d all followed the same technique.
Another door opened, and their mother peeped up at them from the bottom of the stairs, half-frowning, half-smiling.
“She’s going to be fine.” he said promptly, and Sherlock let out a breath he didn’t even know he had been holding. “She’s a healthy woman, especially for her age. She’ll probably gain consciousness in a few hours, and she’ll have to stay here for some days. When we send her home, strict bedrest for a few weeks…”
he stored.
it! Okay, sorry, I’ll calm down. What were you saying?”
There was a John-shaped balloon of happiness in his chest, and he was afraid he might float away with it.
“Fine.” Sherlock muttered, as their mother appeared at the bottom of the stairs, two steaming cups of hot chocolate in hand. “I’ll do it.”
“When Moriarty’s web started unravelling, I realized there was only one person who could possibly be behind it.” She let her hand brush Sherlock’s slightly, and he didn’t pull away. “Then, of course, I also realized that you wouldn’t stop until his entire system - and hence my protection - came crashing down. So I fled. I’ve spent the last few years hopping from country to country. You should see how good my slogans sound in Spanish.”
John paused in the doorway.
“No, I don’t know.”
No matter how much he scrubbed, Sherlock couldn’t get the metallic smell of blood off his face, or the vision out of his eyes. When the Golem had shot himself, a fair amount of blood had splattered on Sherlock, and although he’d cleaned off most of it then and there, he still felt dirty. John had finally dragged him back home, and he was now standing alone in the bathroom, rubbing his face raw, too spooked to change out of his bloodstained clothes. It was one thing to watch someone’s brains blow out - he’d seen Moriarty do it, done it to Magnussen himself - and quite another to have them splatter all over your face.
“I know a place barely a block from the murder spot. Excellent fish and chips, and the owner always gives me extra portions. Hungry?”
“I’m not falling for that again, love. I’m not leaving until I know the real reason why.”
“That’s the dead sister.” Lestrade said, “Try to remember where you’ve seen her.”
“‘You are next’. That’s our complete message. Should we be scared?” John asked.
“What did you talk about?”
John stood straight and tall, the letter from Mary crushed to his side, every bit the soldier, but Sherlock could see through it. The clenched jaw, the raised chin, the barely concealed emotion in his eyes -
Sherlock turned around to find John staring at him, frowning slightly.
“I don’t know.” Sherlock said. He sat up, agitated, and pulled John’s blanket tightly around himself. “I don’t like not knowing.”
There was a moment of silence, then to his utter surprise, John sighed resignedly and enveloped him in a warm hug.
Xavier Trevor clearly didn’t care for Mycroft’s politeness. He grew agitated, twisting the yarn around his fingers more tightly.
“Tea?” Sherlock asked.
“It was either that or my gun. Besides, she likes it.”
, John thought.
“So what? You’re a quick learner.”
“Yes. I’m selling it. I can’t afford the mortgage on my own, and even if I could...I can’t go back there. I don’t want to. ”
“That one. It’s perfect if we don’t want to be overheard. I’m surprised you remember it.”
“In any case, it’s safe to assume he didn’t share his information; he preferred to keep secrets until he could use them as leverage. Who else?”
, he thought.
"Hey, Picasso, if you're done judging the scenery, how about you help me with this tent?"
Sherlock bristled. “Oh, all right. I thought it would be a nice change for you, since you’re always griping about bloody London air and the honking, but if you’re going to be so - “
John raised an eyebrow at him, clearly not buying it. There was a long pause.
Mr Oliver nodded. “Yes. She snuffed out the candle then. I was paralyzed with fear, but she just turned around and left - that too through the front door. She must’ve painted the 5. I think I fainted then. When I eventually came to my senses, I hurried upstairs to check on James. And then I found - I found -” He broke into renewed sobs.
“Yes.” Sherlock snapped, pulling John to him again. “Go away.”
“It’s no big deal. I put it out before it could get worse, just - be careful in the future. ”
“Lestrade, it’s one o'clock in the morning. What do you want?”
However, ever since witnessing the twisted Holmes sibling dynamics, he had decided that maybe his sister wasn’t so bad after all. It was hard to undo the rift that had sprung up between them after he left for the war, but he was trying to reach out to her. Now, the two of them could at least share a meal together without bickering.
“I can’t tell you that. It’s too dangerous. The less you know, the better.”
“Yes, drug overdose. In case you were wondering, Upton’s staying at a hotel for now. He’s a nervous wreck. There’s no chance of you talking to him.”
- he’d always stopped himself from fantasizing about this, wanting to save himself the pain of knowing that it would never happen. As a result, he’d never actually
Sherlock opened one eye and cocked his eyebrow, surveying John carefully. “Both.” he said softly. John’s heart skipped a beat.
will keep Irene out of the way and find out what she’s been up to. We’ll kill two birds with one stone.”
Sherlock looked at him, so utterly morose and bereft that John instantly pulled him closer, wrapping his arms around him tightly.
“You and Rosie need to leave.” he said tonelessly, his face a mask.
“If I ever wavered in my resolve to catch Moriarty’s men, I only had to remember that while they lived, you were in danger. The idea kept me going. Knowing that somewhere, somehow, you were waiting. It’s foolish, I know - ”
"Fair idea. I’ve just received some intelligence about that theft we were investigating yesterday. We'll have to head out and visit this pub - "
“Yes.” Sherlock said, rolling his eyes. “Of course you are. The prettiest.”
“Anna.”
“Observant. What tipped you off? Was it the colour-coded pile of files?”
“So Moran knows that we know he’s alive.” Sherlock said. “This picture - he either actually is in Poland and was unaware of the surveillance camera -”
“You’re not my first.” Sherlock interrupted. “But you are the first one it...meant something with. Any of it.”
John stopped his lips with a kiss. “No buts.” he said firmly. “I don’t care how neglected or isolated she felt, and I won’t let her make you doubt yourself. You didn’t kill
Sherlock had to admit that deep down, he was starting to feel a
Despite John’s best efforts, his heart sank. He knew that Sherlock had always seen something special in Irene Adler. “Good different or bad different?” he asked, before he could stop himself.
“I want to hear you say it.”
John studied him, and for a moment, his sadness was replaced by the ghost of a smile.
The soft turning of the doorknob awoke Sherlock. He fidgeted around in his blanket, trying to sit up, but the wrappings were too tight. He eventually ended up rolling off the couch and fell to the ground with a muffled
“Yes, of course. Well, won’t you meet Mrs Adams? Bertha, this is Doctor Watson.”
“Obviously. There’s been no media coverage about the break-in at Oliver’s, so this definitely isn’t some sort of fad. No, the same person is behind them. I need to find a connection between the two crimes. John, try to remember where you’ve seen Bertha Adams. It could help.”
Five nights later, Sherlock woke up to his phone buzzing. He snatched it up, convinced that it would be Lestrade with news of the latest break-in, but it was only Mycroft. He just yawned and rejected the call, settling back into the sheets. Next to him, John stirred.
“This is hardly the time for tuna sandwich jokes, brother mine.”
Next Sunday afternoon found John and Rosie having lunch at Harry’s. The last time this had happened had been a few days after Sherlock’s second death anniversary, when Harry had relapsed yet again.
Sherlock wondered if John knew how much courage it had taken just to put his head on his shoulder that night. He was still terrified that he might go too far and John would cut himself off, and he couldn’t let that happen. He just
“Oh my. I didn’t get the wedding invitation.”
“Is that a
Reminder: The Golem (Oscar Dzundza) is an assassin hired by Moriarty in 'The Great Game'. He kills his victims by squeezing the life out of them (literally).
“Excuse me?”
“Plagiarism.”
“Was something on fire?” he asked absentmindedly.
“I’ve been meaning to ask - where did you learn how to kiss like that?” John asked.
“I’m very sorry to hear that. Do you have any children, then?”
“It’s fine.” she said offhandedly. “I know you can’t. I’m just too dangerous. Besides…"
?” Lestrade asked slowly.
“So she could be a drunkard or a drug addict.”
“Very well, then.” Sherlock said with dignity. He loosened his hold for a moment to shoot the air. John could hear the police sirens getting closer, and he knew that Lestrade would’ve been awaiting the signal.
As they got out of the cab, John took in their surroundings for the first time. It was certainly a much posher neighbourhood than the ones they’d visited for the previous crimes. The road was lined with police cars, and John could see one or two policemen inspecting the walls of the house. The nameplate read
It occurred to John that Harry and Sherlock would get along spectacularly. They were both such drama queens.
“Rosie won’t be better off.” John interrupted. “Mary made enemies, too. Lots of them. This, right here, with both of us - this is the safest my daughter will ever be. She’s not just my daughter, you know - she’s our daughter. She needs you. She needs both her fathers to look after her. We haven’t done a great job recently, but for her sake, I’d be willing to try again.”
Finally, he got up, turned off the lights, and with one last glance at Rosie, retreated to Sherlock’s bedroom.
Mycroft sighed.
he mused. As if on cue, his phone buzzed.
“Unfortunately, yes, brother mine. Look at the positives. There won’t be an extra room left, and Doctor Watson can share yours. If he wants to, that is.”
If he was surprised to see Irene, he didn’t show it. “Hello, Irene.” he said, “You’ve come in a hurry, but you’ve clearly still made an effort to dress. So you expected you’d see us here. ”
“Yes, I am perfectly aware, thank you very much.”
“Arrest Wilkins and Lucy.” said Sherlock.
“You’re not a monster.” Sherlock said softly.
“It would feel immoral, after everything that happened.”
He stopped talking abruptly as the nurse wheeled Xavier Trevor out and towards them. He seemed much calmer today, loosely pinching the yarn between his fingers instead of twisting it forcefully. He almost beamed at them, but the smile didn’t quite reach his eyes.
and not
“I thought I heard something.” John whispered. “Did you?”
“There’s a supply closet five paces down this hall.”
“You should go home for the night. Get some rest.” Sherlock said.
“Oh. Well, um...do you need some help with the case?”
“Yes, of course.” John said, “I’m sorry, I didn’t realize how late it was getting.”
“I wouldn’t bet on it.” Sherlock said, but when John opened his arms, he didn’t hesitate to go into them. John brought one arm up around him and kissed his forehead, stroking soothing patterns into his back until he felt Sherlock relax a little. This was the drill. Wake up from a nightmare, comfort each other, go back to sleep. Except John wasn’t sure Sherlock had gone to sleep in the first place.
“I will.”
“You’ve skipped every meal.”
The living room was a perfect mess. The papers and files from the previous night still lay scattered around the couch. Rosie’s toys and clothes were everywhere. John looked around at the chaos and huffed, exasperated. He almost wished that he had accompanied Sherlock on his revisit of the crime scenes, but he was far too tired from his day at the clinic.
“Yes, and I need to visit her.” Sherlock said, settling into the armchair opposite his brother, “And I need to take John Watson and The Woman with me.”
He stared at her in disbelief. He’d known she was alive since Sherlock’s birthday, but to actually see her in the flesh...well, it brought back old memories, to say the least.
“Let’s see.” John said, taking his hand away and getting up to pace the room. “First, my wife shot and almost killed you. You killed Magnussen to save her, then almost got shipped off to god-knows-where. On top of that, I blamed you for her death, iced you out and then hit you. When I dropped off the walking cane, I decided not to see you again, because whatever I do - I just end up hurting you.”
John smiled slightly and closed his eyes, letting his hand stay where it was. “If you ever try anything like that fall again, Sherlock Holmes,” he mumbled, “I swear, I will kill you.”
“Met her at the door. Er, whatever it is that you two do in the seclusion of the flat - I would request you to control yourself around Rosie.”
She sighed resignedly. “Noel’s gay. He told me a few months ago, and he made me promise I’d keep it a secret from his father, because Fred was quite the homophobe. I never would’ve married him if I knew, but, like I said...he changed. A few weeks before his death, he came home in a drunken rage, and he walked in on Noel and his boyfriend in the basement. Well, he...he starting beating Noel then. Not the slap kind. The belt kind. ” Her hands clenched angrily. “I wasn’t at home, or I would’ve stopped him. For days after that, I kept pestering Noel about why he winced like that every time he leaned back against anything, and he finally broke down and told me about it. That’s when I called my lawyer to find out about a possible divorce.”
Sherlock frowned. “Then someone hired him to do this.” He clenched his fist. Moriarty was dead, Eurus was locked up...who would want to hurt John now?
happen to remember that she had to be physically restrained from killing you. She’s far too unstable.”
John slapped his hand away and turned over.
“So where’s my son?”
He refused to speak after that. The nurse nodded morosely at them, then wheeled him back in. Sherlock let his posture relax for a minute, feeling strangely relieved. He turned around and started down the dirt path to the gate. He would go to his parents’ for lunch and then go home, he decided.
John woke up and blearily rubbed his eyes. It was clearly still the dead of night, and he was about to go back to sleep when he noticed Sherlock curled up on the far edge of the bed, still wrapped in his dressing gown.
“I see you two are getting on like a house on fire.” Mycroft said, as he slipped into Molly’s vacant chair. Sherlock rolled his eyes.
Just for a moment, there was a ghost of a smile on Mycroft’s lips, but it vanished as quickly as it had come. “Well, brother mine, I thought it was about time. Let’s move on, shall we? I am a busy man.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He thought about the letter he had received earlier that day. Typical Mary, with her posthumous gifts and messages. The contents of the letter disturbed him more than its author did.
Sherlock turned back to his wardrobe. “Sending a message.”
, he thought lazily.
“What the hell?” he asked angrily. “Do you know how much this suit costs?”
“No.” John said firmly, from somewhere behind him. “Stay put. I’ll make you some tea in a while. You need to relax.”
Mr Oliver nodded and choked out, “Like there was nothing left worth living for.”
Mycroft sighed. “Doctor Watson? What do you think?”
Sherlock did.
He had endured war, injury and tragic loss, but there was one thing which set the battlefield apart from Sherrinford - there, he was in control. He could fight or flee, kill or die, it was ultimately up to him. Here in Sherrinford, he had been at Eurus’ mercy; a pawn in her stupid games. She knew she could manipulate them into doing what she wanted, and she used this knowledge to her advantage. He avoided thinking about the Governor, the cells, the Garrideb brothers, Sherlock’s love confession, but mostly, he steered clear of the well.
After giving his initial statement to the police, Adams had specifically said that he didn’t want to be contacted unless absolutely necessary, and then barricaded himself in his hotel room. Try as he might, Sherlock couldn’t find a chance to talk to him. The giant yellow 4 on the door irked him, too. It was obviously a countdown for the number of crimes, but he had no idea where the next one would take place.
“That kind of knowledge is hardly useful in my work.”
“Not today. I’m going back to work today, so I’m gonna drop Rosie off at Molly’s. Speaking of Molly -” - Sherlock was already halfway through the door, but John completed the question anyway - “- have you spoken to her at all?” The only answer he got was Sherlock cheerfully waving Mrs Hudson goodbye.
John continued to glare at him until he finally relented. “Fine. I’ll buy a mini-fridge and store my chemicals and body parts there.”
Sherlock put down the violin and settled into his armchair. It had already been three days since his visit to Sherrinford, and he had been awaiting this particular client for quite some time. He hadn’t made any effort to contact Irene Adler; she would come to him of her own accord. Sure enough, the door opened and she walked in, as calm and poised as ever.
As long as Sherlock Holmes was alive, John would always have something worth living for.
“Mrs Ferrier’s necklace has been stolen.” Lestrade informed him, before he could ask, “An hour ago. She puts it in a cabinet, leaves for a few minutes, and when she comes back, it’s gone.”
“She doesn’t have to know that.” John retorted.
reception before.
“No, I don’t.”
“Yes, I like playing with his hair too.” John said, then noticed Sherlock, who had gone completely rigid. “Sherlock? What’s wrong?”
“Yes.” said Sherlock, impatient to move on and examine the crime scene.
“Last I checked, you were the one who spent half the night and the entire morning draped around me, refusing to let me get out of bed in case I didn’t come back.”
Two weeks of being together, and the casual ease with which John touched him still surprised Sherlock. Sherlock loved it, of course, but he didn’t understand how John did it - every time he tried to touch John, his nerves turned to mush. Every fibre of his being longed to hold and be held, but he couldn’t shake the nagging doubts he’d fostered over the years.
Sherlock’s heart skipped a beat as he remembered A Study In Pink, and the exact moment when he had realized that John had been the one who shot Jeff Hope. They’d barely just met, but John had killed a man for him, and Sherlock had realized that maybe, just maybe, he wanted to keep John Hamish Watson in his life.
“I’m sure she’ll be very glad to hear that.”
at you...you have
Molly drew herself up to her full height. “Please don’t talk to me again, Sherlock Holmes. I’m done being used by you. Goodbye.” She turned on her heel and stormed off.
The doctor had finally let them into Mrs Holmes’ room, declaring that she was somewhat stable but not completely out of danger yet. She lay unconscious, her husband in a chair next to her, her sons and John standing stiffly by. On Mycroft’s insistence, John kept a weather eye on her monitors, feeling rather useless in this scene of family mourning.
Their eyes met, and John saw in them all the hurt and emotions Sherlock had spent years concealing. He wasn’t the cold-hearted sociopath he pretended he was. Deep inside, he was just as broken and human as John was - he just did a much better job of hiding it. All the pain he must’ve gone through, the heartbreak, the isolation - John multiplied his own heartburn one, two, three times and knew it was still just a fraction of everything Sherlock felt.
he wanted to add. “At least you came to the funeral.”
The doctor went into more detail, and Sherlock listened carefully, absorbing everything. Lots of rest, no sudden scares, no stress of any kind…Sherlock glanced at Mycroft and knew exactly what they were both thinking.
“What was that?” asked Mycroft.
to be confined in the strictest of prisons.
“Anyone I should say goodbye to?”
They both dressed quickly, left the flat and got into a cab.
“No, we are.”
“Huh.” John shifted to allow Sherlock to sit up properly. “I didn’t think that would be a problem.”
“It’s okay. You were grieving - ”
what I want. Nothing you say can change my mind.”
was that?”
John wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s torso, leaning down to kiss his scars. “Go on.”
Donovan looked at Lestrade and smirked. “You owe me.”
“Possibly.”
“Whazzat?” he asked sleepily.
“That’s not what I meant, but never mind. So this - ‘gamemaker’ - is he, she, it the same person who blew up your flat?” Molly asked.
. Now, are you coming or not?” He peered expectantly at John.
“As your best man again?”
“No.”
She raised her eyebrows and shrugged, then tilted her head at the guards. “Can you tell them to wait outside?” she asked Mycroft.
John entered 221B to find Mycroft seated in his armchair, looking as bored as ever. He dumped his shopping on the kitchen table and carefully took Rosie from Sherlock.
“The age difference, for one thing. She obviously just came back to London after a long time, that much was evident from her shoes, but she barely reacted when she saw his corpse. You saw her face; she was a little upset, no doubt, as you would be if you found a dead body in your old childhood room. But there was no sorrow there; no attachment, then, probably just met him for the first time. She’s been away from home a long time, long enough to change her entire identity from Oliver to Adler. I don’t know how her father got in touch with her, but she rushed to London as soon as she heard about the boy’s death. If she cares about her father so much, why not come right after his wife died?”
“Molly, lab rat - that’s exactly it. You weren’t the lab rat, I was. We were-”
Sherlock stepped forward, arm accidentally brushing against John’s, sending tingles up it. He fumbled around in the wardrobe and the back slid away.
They sat in silence for a while, John’s eyes tracing the familiar constellations, and he decided he’d have to bring Rosie here someday. His view was blocked when Sherlock turned to sit cross-legged in front of him, looking rather hesitant.
He glanced at Irene; her eyes were closed. Whoops, that was one more deduction than he had been expecting…
. It was doubly hard because those words had been intended to go with a soft caress of Sherlock’s cheek, a squeeze of his hand, a soft kiss to his temple; not spoken to a cold gravestone. Whenever he had nightmares like this, he invariably ended up in Sherlock’s room, watching him sleep as his heartbeat slowed down. He would keep repeating
“It’s happening again, isn’t it?” said the little voice inside his head.
“I’m not your first anything.” he said.
He realized there was nothing to do but wait. No point wailing about it. When he opened his eyes and looked up, Molly was still standing there, eyes trained on his face. This was the most contact they’d had since Eurus’ little game. He’d called her every day and left at least a thousand texts, call me, call me, call me.
A car pulled up, and Irene Adler stepped out, a hint of curiosity on her face. “I hope I’m not third wheeling.” she said, “Any idea where we’re going?”
something to work on!”
he thought now.
“Well, it’s worth a try.” he muttered to himself. He handed her the skull, and she stopped crying almost instantly.
“Forget it.” she said, “You told me it was for a case. I was just another one of your lab rats, then. No big deal.”
“I don’t think John even remembers it, and I just didn’t have the heart to tell you.” Lestrade scrutinized Sherlock carefully. “Look, I know you apparently don’t have a heart, but I can see it when it breaks for John Watson.”
They were both so engrossed that they didn’t notice the door opening - Mrs Hudson came in and awwed, closely followed by Mycroft. He cleared his throat, causing them to spring apart.
John swallowed. He wasn’t even prepared to think about losing Rosie. “Like my wife had died all over again, and the world was ending.”
“Good for you. Come on, John, I’m positively starving.”
“At least I’m living!” she snapped back. “You’ve barely even breathed since Sherlock Holmes died!”
calm.” Sherlock said indignantly. “The girl. We could’ve saved her, if we had just been a little quicker…”
After the Fall, John had tried to move on - what choice did he have? He’d succeeded, but only for a while, it seemed. With Mary’s death and Irene Adler’s return, he could feel the walls crumbling. Every emotion he had ever felt before Sherlock’s death and shut out after was trickling back in. It was mostly jealousy which had made him realize just how deeply he loved Sherlock. But he wasn’t ready for this; not so soon after Mary.
Rosie was sitting on the floor, clutching Sherlock’s skull. Sherlock was trying to snatch his ‘friend’ away, but she wouldn’t let go.
parents.” She fumed and turned away, gesturing to a door from which a doctor had just emerged. “You can see John Watson now.”
“You’re the one who told me to call you as soon as - “
“After all, you’re my Baker Street Boys.”
“Yes. I suppose that’s why she saved my life. We never did get along. We only pretended to, for your sake.”
They bid Mycroft goodnight, and their mother took his place beside Sherlock. Sherlock knew she wanted to ask him a thousand questions - make sure he was eating enough, sleeping well, keeping his house clean, not accidentally ingesting any noxious fumes - but she seemed to sense his mood and let him drink in silence.
“Sebastian Moran.” Sherlock said, holding the photo up to the light.
The door was opened by a sullen, tired-looking man. “What do you want?” he asked.
“You were going to
“Sherlock.”
“My name is
“We already knew that.” Sherlock muttered. “This just confirms it. The question is - who? Sebastian Moran?”
The remainder of his words were lost as John pulled him forward and kissed him, and the rest of the restaurant seemed to recede into the background. It wasn’t until John pulled away did Sherlock realize that he had knocked the candle over, setting the tablecloth on fire. He would’ve gladly burnt the entire place down if it meant he could prolong the moment just for a little while; there were at least six health violations in the kitchen, anyway.
“Well, where the hell do you expect me to go? I’ve already sold my house.”
“Oh. Oh my god, Sherlock.” John took his hand. “I - oh. Is that why you shot Magnussen?”
“National significance?” asked Sherlock, but he had already tuned out of the conversation.
Rachel nodded to them and followed Lestrade out, leaving John and Sherlock alone in the living room.
“Because I have appointments to keep and problems to solve. Illness doesn’t stop for a break.”
“Come on, let’s put you to bed.” he murmured.
“No. I sent him off the day she died, then packed up and went to my brother’s for a bit. I couldn’t…”
“Can’t tell you until I compound it. To do that, I need to take the Woman to Sherrinford. We’ll have the element of surprise on our side.”
“We keep saying that someone’s trying to send us a message - with my cab accident and these break-ins. What if that’s true? What if it’s a
“Er, there’s a man at the desk who doesn’t have an appointment, but he keeps insisting that he has to see you - says it’s a matter of life and death. Shall I send him in?”
“W-e-l-l, I’ll leave you two alone now.” Sherlock heard the smile in his voice, “But you should at least take a look at the crime scene tomorrow. It’s highly intriguing, I promise you.”
“Exactly. His clandestine behaviour was what tipped me off. He doesn’t want to deal with the police more than strictly necessary. John,” Sherlock’s voice rose to a dramatic crescendo, “His entire identity’s a fake!”
Sorry about the delay, and thanks to everyone who wished me luck for my exams!
swept the last ones off the table in a moment of passion.”
“They were baffled. All they did was make a mighty mess of the living room. Then this one here - er, Microsoft Homes? - turned up and sent them all away.”
“Did I do something wrong last night?” John ventured. “I’m sorry if - ”
“Yes.” he finally said, “When Harry came out, nobody reacted well. Not him, not mom, not any of our relatives. I tried to stick up for her, but he was quite immovable. Mum and dad didn’t even come to her wedding.”
“Stop.” he said. “Just come upstairs. I need to talk to you alone.”
“Yes, but it doesn’t matter, I’m gay.” He spotted something on the street, got up abruptly and pulled John with him, hurriedly putting some money on the table as he went. “That’s our signal. Let’s go.”
Sherlock spent the day alternating between Rosie and John’s rooms, seeing to it that they were fed and watered. Rosie slept for the most part. The few times that she threw a tantrum, Sherlock was there to pick her up, and she would almost instantly cease her crying. As soon as she fell asleep, he would run to John’s room. If John was asleep, Sherlock held his hand, not caring if anyone saw him. If he was awake, they talked about Sherlock’s case, the missing cabbie and Rosie’s condition. When John awoke, Sherlock would try to pull his hand away, but sometimes, he wasn’t fast enough. On these occasions, John didn’t try to disentangle his fingers. Sherlock put it down to the sedatives.
“I would still be running my little business if it weren’t for you. Still, you saved my life, so I suppose we’re even.”
“If you must know, she fascinates me.” Sherlock said after a while.
Next Tuesday found John struggling hard to stay awake, although it was barely noon. Between a restless detective and a screaming baby, it had been nearly impossible to sleep the night before. He tiredly stirred the coffee, rubbing his eyes; it wouldn’t do to fall asleep at work again. The door opened and the receptionist (he was yet to learn her name; she was the fourth since Mary) peeked in.
John was about to agree, but something stopped him. He thought of Baker Street, with its comforting smells and homely mess. Of the case files that littered the cabinets and the bullet holes that covered the walls. Of his laptop, open on the littered kitchen table, his blog counter blinking. Of lazy winter afternoons spent drinking tea and arguing. Of the detective standing by the window, playing some mournful melody on his violin, lost in thought.
“I worry that you’re angry with me.” he said, the words coming out in a nervous rush.
“What was?”
Sherlock slipped out of bed, yawning. He made his way to the sitting room to find John sprawled on the sofa, snoring and fidgeting, while Rosie whimpered in her crib. Before she could throw a full-on tantrum, Sherlock quickly made his way over to her, trying not to trip over the toys that littered the floor. John’s bedroom was still being restored. Sherlock had, of course, offered his to Rosie and John, but they couldn’t get the crib through his bedroom door. So for now, the sitting room had been converted into the babysitting room.
means something.”
. About how in all the photos of his early childhood, Mycroft looked almost jolly, but got progressively more careworn over the years. The taller he got, the more he receded into the background, the more his frown deepened. From what Sherlock had heard, his parents had certainly been ill-equipped to deal with the whole Eurus situation. Mycroft had been the one who took charge and sent her to Sherrinford, shouldering a responsibility far beyond his years. It was as if his entire growing-up process had been condensed into the few years between Eurus’ birth and her final incarceration in Sherrinford...
It had been one month since that fateful day at the church;
“What are we doing?”
“Yes.”
They were silent for a few seconds.
“What did I ever do to deserve you?” he asked, pulling John into a hug. John paused for a moment, surprised at the sudden show of affection, but then squeezed Sherlock so tightly that for a moment he almost couldn’t breathe.
Something in Sherlock’s tone alarmed him, so Mycroft turned to face him and nodded. “I’m listening.”
“There’s been another break-in.”
“I’ve only killed one.” John retorted. He grabbed some food from the kitchen/chemistry lab and settled into the armchair opposite Sherlock. “Any ideas about this new case, then?”
The two brothers tramped out into the unkempt garden. Sherlock drew patterns in the mud with his foot, while Mycroft warily watched him out of the corner of his eye.
thought about it quite extensively - what he’d like to do if he ever wearied of solving crimes. Up until now, John had never been a prominent feature in his plans, because he was married to Mary and living his own life with her. Obviously, things were different now.
“Yes.”
Sherlock stared at his feet gloomily.
For a moment, Sherlock was tempted, but then his phone buzzed in his pocket and he shook his head. Staying off narcotics and drugs was one promise he could keep.
Something clicked in John’s brain. “Did she come back for Susan’s funeral?”
“Oh.” John sounded slightly crestfallen. “Well, it shouldn’t be too hard. She liked you even when you were a massive dick to her. Being nice now will only give you away.”
stay?"
her childhood psychiatrist used to say
“John,” he said softly, “There’s something I need -”
John nearly dropped his pin. Fortunately for him, the lock clicked open and they pushed through the door. He switched on the light, and Sherlock’s gaze settled on a chest of drawers.
“Is it dangerous?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Yes, Mycroft, we are...a
He made to get out of the chair, but strong hands pushed him back.
“John, don’t be aggravating. Fine. Let’s do this the boring way.” He leaned down and pecked John on the cheek, but John simply swatted him away again.
“What, you’re asking me? You’ll just snub me and say that I’m wrong.”
“This may sound like an insult to her memory, but if I’m honest with myself, then what I’m going through right now is nothing compared to the aftermath of your fall. Nothing. In a way, your death was both a blessing and a curse. A blessing, because I found Mary. A curse, because I lost you.”
“What brought you back to England?”
“I know. It’s just - I thought I really didn’t have a choice. And then Molly made me say it right in front of you, and that was even worse, and I -”
when she visited. You could’ve told me. We wouldn’t let any harm come your way, you know that.”
Sherlock’s voice trembled slightly when he spoke. “I thought we were past that.”
“Eurus is the problem. Humans can do despicable things, I know, but she’s family. I have to stand by her, but sometimes - I look at everything she’s done. Like Victor’s disappearance - it still haunts his parents.”
calling you?”
“Not a problem.” Mycroft said, sitting down on the sofa like he owned the house. “We have all the time in the world. We’ll take your statement till he wakes up.”
He looked so genuinely mortified and guilty that John couldn’t even bring himself to be angry. “It’s fine. Where’s Rosie?”
“Sherlock. Did you have a bad dream?”
Mycroft listened carefully, expression growing ever graver. When Sherlock had finally finished talking, Mycroft leaned back thoughtfully, mind too occupied to mock him for not solving everything.
John shook his head and opened his eyes, grabbing onto the railing to steady himself again. One wrong move and he’d either smash to bits on the rocks or get swept away by the ocean. He turned to where Irene was standing, head bent, gripping the railing equally hard. She hadn’t spoken since they’d boarded the helicopter.
“I’m sorry. You’re right. I should’ve noticed.”
Rosie was finally sound asleep. Locking the window securely behind him - he did not fancy another flying grenade in his apartment - he made his way to the living room and settled her comfortably in the crib. He allowed himself another look at John, who somehow looked even more tempting now, although his hair was messy and he drooled slightly. Then he sighed, cast a cursory glance around the living room, and walked back to his bedroom.
He cleared his throat. “Don’t you have something a little brighter?”
“No, you twat, you have nice eyes.” John said, “Only I can never figure out what colour they are. They keep changing; green, blue, who knows?”
“Crime number two - victim: Upton Adams. A yellow 4 painted on the front door. Sister Bertha Adams died of a drug overdose. A week later, she visits Upton. Bertha was being blackmailed about her past, as was Mrs Hudson.”
Sherlock leaned down to whisper in his ear, lips ghosting past his earlobe. “Who says I’m joking? If you can pick that lock quickly enough…”
John straightened Rosie’s bag on his shoulder and set off down the stairs. He’d forgotten how much he missed living at Baker Street and running around solving crimes with Sherlock. Sure, Sherlock could be insufferable, but there was never a dull moment with him around. John had been helping out with the renovations at Baker Street and eventually ended up staying; the house he had shared with Mary was too big, too empty. Besides, being friends with Sherlock Holmes meant being able to drop everything and run out on an errand at a moment’s notice. It meant midnight stakeouts and pre-dawn chases through the city. It meant sleepless nights spent pondering over cases, or slumber rudely awakened by Sherlock thumping his way through 221B. Add a baby to the equation and life got even more complicated; if he needed to go off with Sherlock on a wild goose chase, it was just a lot more convenient to leave Rosie with Mrs Hudson.
“Yes, and when she entered the house, she headed straight for her old room. Didn’t even take off her coat. She’s hiding something in that room, John, and as soon as she heard it was going to be crawling with detectives, she came back to get it.”
“I wish you would tell us more about what’s happening in your life, Mikey.” Mr Holmes said.
“There was a funeral, you know. We kept it small and personal. Lestrade, Mrs Hudson, Molly, Mycroft. A veiled woman who I think was Irene Adler. A handful of your homeless network. I was one of the pallbearers. The coffin was empty, apparently, but it was still one of the heaviest things I’ve ever carried.”
? I thought it was an undercover mission!” John said, practically tearing at his hair now.
What happened to her is not your fault. It’s in her biology. There are other ways to deal with loneliness, and murder is not one of them.” John stood up and joined him at the window. “I never thought I’d say this to you, but you’re letting emotion cloud your judgement. Eurus is dangerous. Even Mycroft sees it. Why can’t you?”
“Hm.”
“Do you need that?” John asked hesitantly. “Closure?”
Sherlock paused, and John turned to face him, cocking an eyebrow questioningly. Sherlock took a deep breath and started again.
“Good.” Sherlock said, tearing off his scarf and handing it to John. “It’s quite stuffy in here. Couldn’t you tell the forensics team to clear out? They damage more than they uncover.”
“To be fair, John, you’ve seen a lot of women.” Sherlock said, “Although this one looks to be a little out of your age range.”
Angelo led them to the table by the biggest window, smile fading slightly as he noticed Irene.
Sherlock’s fingers closed over the marks on his own forearm, and then he was thinking about the loneliness, and those dark days in Europe while he’d hunted down Moriarty’s men. He’d never thought he could be lonely….but before John, he’d never known he could have friends. He swallowed and brought himself back to the present, back to this small, scared boy in front of him, and left the room, taking the blades with him.
“Where are you meeting her?” he asked quickly.
"Fine."
Sherlock had thought he would never be able to sleep again, but he drifted off eventually, only to be roused by a nightmare. He sat up with a sharp cry, automatically reaching out for John, but there was no one to comfort him - only the dark, oppressive stillness of the night. He took a deep breath, willing his heart rate to come back to normal.
“Thirteen. She had been fighting Leukemia for over two years, and it finally took her three days ago. We haven’t even started organizing the funeral yet. She was - all I had left.” He was sobbing a little now. “I’d really like for you to leave me alone now.”
