Cas maneuvered them down so that he was stretched out on the couch with Dean straddling his legs. Dean sat up and started unbuttoning his plaid shirt. Cas got to work on his belt.
“It’s been a pleasure to meet you both. Give me a call if you want to book a ride home.” Charlie took the money and card.
“Cool, man.” Dean’s eyes drifted over to the industrial style tv stand. There was a 50-inch tv, cable box and Xbox on the shelf below. What really caught his attention was the stand next to that, topped by a record player and two shelves of records below. He stepped over to it and started thumbing through the albums. Dark Side of the Moon, Rumours, Purple Rain, London Calling, Led Zeppelin IV …. This was promising.
“Okay, okay, don’t be so serious.” Brady smirked, “I just hope you’re not too invested, because Dean is not relationship material.” Cas’ jaw dropped and Brady continued, “He’s broken. You’re wasting your time trying to fix him.” Brady gave a little wave and toasted Cas with his beer while he moved back towards the group of guys. “See you soon, Cas.”
“Oh, I get it now,” Cas nodded and handed the device back to Dean. “You have to remember I write romance novels – ‘stud finder’ has a different meaning for me.” Cas smiled at his own joke, but Dean got the last word.
Castiel, or Cas as Dean called him, was the least accountant-like person he’d ever met. Instead of button downs, ties, slacks and loafers, Cas tended towards light tunics or band tees, drawstring pants made of soft natural fibres, and cloth slip-on shoes that somehow raised money for children in Africa. Bobby and all the mechanics drank coffee, but Cas drank loose leaf tea steeped with a steel strainer into a handmade pottery mug. Bobby grumbled, but he added a kettle to the staff room when Cas asked.
“Hi, Castiel, glad to meet you. I’m Pamela Barnes.” She waved him toward the chair in front of her desk and they both sat down. “I’m very sorry about your loss.”
By the time Dean left the Cas’ home for the short trip to his own front door, he was itching to start reading and Cas had a fully shelved and organized library.
Cas braced his feet on the floor, shifted forward, and effortlessly stood with Dean wrapped around his waist and his hands under Dean’s upper thighs. “Shit Cas, that’s hot!” Dean’s hand gripped Cas’ biceps, feeling the muscles flex under his palms as Cas walked them around the corner and down the short hall into his room.
Finally, Dean turned in Cas’ arms, both of them still fully clothed despite the intimacy of their situation. His hands clutched at Cas’ chest and he felt Cas’ left-hand slide around his hip and up the centre of his back until it settled between Dean’s shoulder blades and clutched at his t-shirt. They finally kissed, deeply and with no inhibitions, morning breath be damned.
Cas avoided her eyes as he brought her coffee over and placed it on the chest in front of her. “I think I have some cookies somewhere, if you’d like.”
Finally, Cas could barely keep his eyes open, so Dean said goodnight and headed out with Cas’ promise that he’d get some sleep.
Sam came to the door and opened it fully, “Yes, Dean it’s safe,” he rolled his eyes, “You missed all the fun stuff.”
At exactly 9:00 a.m. he walked back into the hospital and up to the nursery. Security was tight, but fortunately one of the nurses was just coming off her overnight shift and recognized him when he stepped off the elevator.
“We’re going to the roadhouse for supper and drinks with a few friends, maybe we’ll shoot some pool. You in?”
“Hello Dean,” Mary greeted him with a warm hug, then briefly looked over at Cas, “Hello Cas.” She turned back to Dean. “Sam is out back grilling burgers and Eileen is upstairs with Oscar. She should be down in a little while.” She kept speaking only to Dean, pointing out some family friends across the room. Cas tapped Dean’s shoulder and quietly excused himself, “I’m just going to see if Sam can use some help,” he said, cocking his thumb toward the back door. Dean nodded distractedly, but gave his hand a squeeze before he left.
One Friday morning, a month after Dean moved in, they were driving to work when he asked Cas if he had any plans that night.
“It was a great day, though.” Cas turned his head to look up at Dean. “Everyone made me feel like part of the family.”
Dean took a quick look and followed Cas further down the hall as he opened a door and waved Dean into the room.
“Marketing, mostly.” Cas shrugged, “It’s easier to sell my books when they can pigeonhole the writing.” Cas hesitated, and then carried on, “And I write LGBTQ romance, so the publishers don’t want to confuse the homophobes that like my fantasy novels.”
Cas dropped to one knee as he pulled a small box from his jacket pocket. “You are the family I chose and I don’t ever want to be without you again.” He opened the box and revealed a simple gold band with squared edges. “Will you marry me, Dean?”
Cas wrapped his arms around Dean and pulled him in closer. “Dean, I’m awed that someone as amazing as you can love someone like me. I’m a work in progress, but I keep working. You make me want to keep working every day. You aren’t broken, you’ve faced things all your life that tried to break you, and instead you helped your mom survive when she couldn’t help you, you gave your brother security and safety when he needed it, and you keep giving everything you can to people in your life all even when they don’t give you the same.” Cas smiled broadly and looked directly into Dean’s eyes, “I love you Dean.”
He scanned the rest of the videos until he found one on toilet installation. This was a bit more straightforward, but gave Castiel the opportunity to admire Dean’s strong shoulders in action as he moved the heavy fixture into place and pressed it firmly to the wax seal, then bolted it in place and tightened the plumbing. He quickly realized he would need to remove the old toilet, then tile the floor and finally install the new fixture. He would definitely be “roughing it” for a couple of days, but it was all doable.
After work and a quick shower for Dean at home, Cas and Dean picked up Sam for the night. Eileen’s friends had arranged for a spa night at home, complete with fresh pedicures and manicures, so she was happy to send him off with them. She was also pleased to finally meet Cas.
Dean was trying to pay attention to his mom and the Walkers, but the glimpse he had of Cas outside was distracting. Mary tried to get his attention again as the Walkers wandered away to the buffet. “Dean, did you hear me.” She tracked his gaze out to the patio, where Cas was standing by the grill.
“Okay, that’s it. We’re out of here before one of you gets me in trouble!” Dean grabbed Cas by the shoulders and started pushing him out the door. Sam laughed and gave Eileen a kiss before he followed them.
“So, this neighbour helped you put everything together last night,” Missouri wandered back out to the main room and carried Jack to the playpen. She settled him in next to one of his favourite dinosaur stuffed toys, and then sat on the couch nearby.
Dean woke up hours later with Cas spooning him from behind. It should have been awkward, but somehow, in his half-awake state, Dean snuggled in tighter and pulled Cas’ hand from where it rested on his hip, bringing it to his chest to hold it. Cas mumbled in his sleep, and dropped his chin so that his lips brushed the back of Dean’s neck. They both fell back into a deep sleep.
“Great, and I’m Dean.” He finished typing and hit send. “Let me just ring you up and then I’ll help you get this all loaded.”
“You’re a good brother, Dean. Thanks for telling me about your Dad.” Cas pulled Dean back into the corner of the couch and they stretched out together, Dean laying half on top of Cas while Cas stroked his hair.
Dean looked for his next shot, flustered enough that he didn’t even notice Cas’ knowing grin behind his back.
Dean chuckled, “Not at the moment, but I think I’d like to do a little online shopping …” Cas growled, “yes … please.” He braced one hand next to Dean’s head and dropped the other to his buckle, deftly undoing Dean’s belt with one hand and popping the button on his jeans, then sliding his hand in to cup Dean’s bare cock. Dean thrust into his hand and made quick work of the drawstring on Cas’ pants, pushing them down together with the boxers until they were halfway down Cas’ thick muscled thighs. He started to shuffle out of his jeans and briefs, then Cas lifted off him, standing for a moment at the end of the bed to finish undressing them both fully, then returning to kneel between Dean’s legs.
Cas stripped the fleece onesie off Jack and laid him on the changing table wearing just a t-shirt onesie and diaper. He made quick work of undoing the shirt and wet diaper, expertly wiping Jack down and then tenting the wipe so he wouldn’t pee again while Cas moved the clean diaper into place and secured it. He snapped the t-shirt back into place and passed Jack to Missouri again while he cleaned up and tossed the old diaper into the garbage can on the side.
Sam dropped his gaze. “I’m just worried about him. He obviously isn’t in a good place, but he’s probably way more vulnerable than you know. I just want to make sure he’s around people who aren’t going to take advantage of him.”
As Dean came back to himself and his breathing calmed, he opened his eyes and had a moment of clarity. His most incredible orgasm in years had been triggered by a slightly heated scene in a romance novel and the thought of his neighbour’s hands. And he had no idea if Cas was interested or available.
Dean wanted to say something to Castiel so badly, but all he could think of were horrible pick up lines. Come here often? …. What’s a handsome guy like you doing in a place like this? …  Did it hurt when you fell from Heaven? Dean hated that he couldn’t just say something, but nothing was good enough. He wasn’t good enough for a man like this. He stayed in his chair, slowly sipping his coffee and glancing behind the counter whenever he thought Castiel wasn’t looking.
When the waitress came to clear their plates, Dean ordered a round of whisky shots and proposed a toast. “To Sam. May he have a healthy baby who sleeps through the night!” The guys all laughed and cheered.
Cas grasped him firmly by his shoulders and pushed him against the wall. “You misunderstand me.” Cas cradled Dean’s jaw in his hand and gently turned his head until their eyes met. “I am very attracted to you, but you deserve more than one drunken night and I’m willing to wait until you’re ready for more.” He kissed Dean lightly once more. “There’s no rush.”
The sitting area at the far end of the open space looked almost cozy with his small leather couch and an old mid-century modern chair in cobalt blue, along with a storage chest that was now serving as a coffee table. Between the sitting area and the kitchen counter Cas had placed Kelly’s tall wooden pub style table and chairs. The kitchen counter and island were still cluttered with a few appliances he hadn’t found a place for yet. Cas would still have to weed out a few duplicates between his kitchen and Kelly’s to pack away in the garage and downstairs storage.
Cas drove home slower than he ever had, and even pulled over once to get into the back seat and check on Jack in his rear-facing car seat. Once they were finally settled into the apartment, all Jack’s things tucked into the bathroom and the corner of Cas’ bedroom, Jack in his bassinet and Cas on the couch looking around himself at the tiny apartment, Cas realized something.
“Everyone, this is Cas, my new roommate.” He gestured to a tall gangly man to Cas’ left, “This is Garth, Bobby’s neighbour, and we’ve been friends for years.” Then he whispered, “He’s a hugger”, half a second before Garth wrapped Cas in a bear hug. “Pleased to meet you!”
Dean had to admit he was a little behind the game on the relationship front.  There had been too many years of one-night stands with girls his dad would’ve called “the kind you don’t take home to mom”. Not that he had a mom either, since the fire that took her life and transformed his dad into an angry drunk when Dean was 4. Recently, a good hard look at his own needs had finally led him to the conclusion that he wasn’t the ladies’ man his dad trained him to be. Or at least, not just a ladies’ man.
The driver twisted in her seat and stuck a hand out the window for Cas to shake. “Pleased to meet you Cas, I’m Charlie. Do you think you can direct your model boyfriend to a seat?” Cas followed Dean as he completed a full circle of the Fairlane, opened the passenger side door and nudged him in, following behind him, “Slide over Dean, Charlie’s got money to make and we have a new baby to see.”
“I smoke pot and drink occasionally. Dean hasn’t moved into a den of iniquity if that’s what you’re thinking.”
“Actually, we’ve met,” said Cas, exchanging handshakes with Ash and then miming smoking a joint to Dean.
Cas belly laughed and stepped back into the hallway. He gestured to the last room on the floor. “My bedroom,” he said, stepping into the room out of Dean’s view for a moment. When he came back to the hallway he had a ball of grey fur in his arms. “And this is Gabe.”
Pulling into the parking lot at Bobby’s 15 minutes later, Castiel realized that Dean might not even be working today. Crossing his fingers, he put on his mask and strolled through the doors. He barely had time to sanitize his hands and grab a cart before he heard a familiar voice the next aisle over. Calmly, he started through the aisles with today’s list. He still needed finishing sandpaper for the cabinets – an oversight on his first trip – and he also wanted to pick out some paint and browse for new flooring.
They worked quietly together while Cas sorted and Dean put books into alphabetical order by author. He was pleasantly surprised to find some Vonnegut – his favorite author – in the stacks, along with Tolkien, King, Bantoch and others he’d read as well. Perhaps the two men had more in common than Dean thought.
“It would be my pleasure,” Dean said, digging for his wallet. He pulled out a $20 and a business card from Bobby’s, handing both over the seat as Charlie turned.
Dean left the impala behind the shop and drove Bobby’s old pick-up to the liquor store for boxes – and some Johnny Walker for later – then headed to his former home with Carmen. Fortunately, she had headed into work on schedule, so he had the place to himself. Dean tossed the first armful of boxes into the centre of the living room and surveyed the scene.
Dean was shocked. “Mom, I don’t need to be with a girl to have a family. And, in case you forgot, the last girl I was with wasn’t exactly marriage material.”
Castiel realized that he would have to watch the video again to actually learn anything about tile, but in the meantime, he just sipped his coffee and enjoyed listening to and watching this beautiful man. Dean’s hands were strong and firm as he demonstrated how to measure and snap chalk lines to mark tile placement, to mix and perfectly spread the mortar, lay the tiles with spacers, and then finish with grout. He had to watch the video twice more to absorb all the information, but Castiel ultimately felt like he could do a good job with Dean’s help.
The three of them sat down and Dean poured 2 fingers into each glass. Cas offered ice, but the brothers both passed and tossed back their shots. Cas sipped his thoughtfully while Dean refilled the glasses and took a deep breath.
For months now, Castiel hasn’t ventured outside his home without the obligatory face mask. It’s not a political statement, just a simple measure he takes to show he’s doing his part to help block the spread and flatten the curve. He’s received his fair share of rolled eyes and dirty looks from people who think he’s wrong, but he doesn’t care. In the meantime, he’s collected a dozen masks that he wears on rotation, as well as a supply of disposable masks that he can loan out or use in a pinch when his are in the laundry. His favorite is a black one covered with constellation diagrams, but he also has a rainbow mask that he pulls out for special occasions.
Castiel was a writer and had quickly adapted to working from home during the lockdown. He had contracts with several scientific research facilities at the local University, and often took on extra work for online publications. All he really needed was a place to sit with his computer and good WIFI. His interviews with researchers were all conducted by video conference now, and he had capitalized on his existing relationship with medical specialists to help meet a new demand for general interest in vaccine development and immunology.
Kelly turned white and her arms sagged around the baby as the monitors went wild around her. The nurse rushed to move the newborn to a bassinet, while the doctor flew into action. Cas was rushed from the room and watched from the hallway in horror, while doctors and nurses flew past him into the room and the audio system called out a “Code Blue”
Cas went straight to his bedroom to change into his threadbare Pink Floyd t-shirt with the neckband and sleeves cut off and a pair of yoga pants. He met Dean on the couch, toasted to Oscar with a sip of whisky, and then went to work preparing his bong. Dean kept talking enough for both of them.
“She just said you didn’t live there anymore and she didn’t know where you were.” Sam threw his hands up. “I mean, I know it wasn’t exactly true love …”
When Cas revealed a significant lack of familiarity with movies and TV, Dean made a mission out of exposing him to all the classics – Star Wars, Indiana Jones, Buffy, Firefly, Scooby Doo, and more. Cas paid careful attention, as if understanding Luke Skywalker’s complicated family or a careful comparison of Daphne and Velma would give him some additional insight into Dean himself. “The mythological Daphne was a nymph unwillingly pursued by Apollo. Does that make you think Fred is not as harmless as he seems?” “I certainly hope Mr. Lucas acknowledged his debt to Joseph Campbell.” Dean often learned just as much as Cas every time they had a movie night.
Dean sat up and pushed aside the coat he’d been using as a makeshift blanket on the saggy staff room couch. He straightened his t-shirt where it had ridden up and squared his black and gray plaid overshirt back onto his shoulders.
Sorry this chapter took so long! I'll try to be a bit more timely with the next one. Please throw me a comment if you are interested. :)
Dean hauled all the boxes and his bookshelf down to the truck. On his last trip he pulled the apartment and mail box key off his ring, and tossed both onto the centre of the kitchen table. He took one quick glance around for anything he’d missed. A picture of Carmen and Dean sat on the edge of the tv stand. He stared at it for a moment, and left.
Dean and Cas flopped on the couch when they arrived home late on a Saturday. They’d both eaten too much and their faces were tired from smiling and laughing. Dean chuckled as he thought of how they must look.
Cas jumped up to follow and chased Dean to the bedroom, catching him just as he reached the bed and effortlessly tossing him into the centre of the bed.
Sam pulled out a bottle of non-alcoholic bubbly next, and Dean helped by emptying the last of the bag, setting out plastic wine glasses and little cocktail napkins covered in yellow rubber ducks on the table. Sam passed him the bottle, “Uncle Dean, would you do the honors?”
Dean rolled his eyes and continued, “I had supper out with my brother. His wife called and said the power was out, so he had to leave. Carmen didn’t expect me so early and I walked in on the affair that’s apparently been going on for 6 months.”
Dean scrubbed a hand over his face and sighed again. “My dad had a drug problem. He overdosed when I was 4. Mom was at work and I tried to get help but I was too late.” Cas moved closer and pulled Dean into his arms. They hugged tightly while Dean calmed himself.
Cas opened his eyes, “I hope you like it there. We can shuffle things around a bit if you want, but it seemed like a good spot to me.”
Dean averted his eyes as Castiel came out from behind the counter and crossed the floor of the coffee shop. He only looked up when he heard someone pull out the chair across the table from him, and was surprised to see Castiel looking at him with his hand on the back of the chair.
Cas’ free hand wrapped tightly around Dean’s throbbing cock and he stroked loosely for just a moment before he felt Dean tighten around his cock and then erupt into his hand. Dean’s orgasm pulled Cas over the edge and he gave one final thrust, burying himself deep and filling the condom.
Dean and Cas cuddled quietly some more, until Dean finally half-carried Cas to the bedroom and they both dropped into a deep sleep.
Cas circled Dean and stopped a few feet further into the room, then turned to face him. He looked nervous. “Dean, I wanted to be around all of our friends and family when I did this, because you gave me family like I never really knew before.”
Dean was buzzing with excitement on the way home, basking in his new role as “Uncle Dean”. He chattered incessantly about how perfect baby Oscar was and how lucky Sam and Eileen were to have a healthy and beautiful baby boy. The minute they got home he pulled out the whisky and poured them both a celebratory drink.
Cas caught a whiff of grilled meat. His stomach growled and he smiled, though he was still a bit wary. “Actually, I’m starving. Would you like to come in?”
The man loaded up a small flat cart with the boxed toilet Castiel had picked out and followed him to the front.
“In this case, it led to a cardiovascular collapse.” He paused again. “Kelly’s heart failed.” “We tried everything we could to save her, but she died.”
He held the device up to Cas’ shoulder, “Well, look at that light. It’s very accurate!” Cas blushed and their eyes held for a moment. Jack’s giggles finally broke the spell and Cas quickly headed over to the empty bookcases and started moving one over, while Dean retrieved the rest of his supplies.
When Castiel caught him looking, Dean covered by tapping the rim of his empty cup to indicate he wanted a refill on his coffee. Castiel nodded and wiped his hands, then quickly came over with the pot to fill up Dean’s cup. Dean couldn’t do much more than smile and nod while Castiel filled his cup, and Castiel had to return to the counter quickly when another customer entered the shop.
“Well, Sam did insist on some fruit and veggies, but I’m pretty sure he’ll have leftovers of those.”
Cas gave Dean a sympathetic glance and they both sipped their warm drinks. Dean savored his coffee slowly, not even noticing the long, thoughtful looks he was getting from Cas.
“Of course, he was an absolute angel as always.” Missouri hung her coat and shooed Cas aside so she could head upstairs. “My oh my, you certainly got a lot done last night. Did you have some help?” Missouri looked back at Cas as he followed her up the small staircase to the kitchen.
Dean was surprised, and took his time answering. “Yeah, I have.” He looked down for a moment. “Carmen thought she might be pregnant last year. Turned out to be paranoia and a mild stomach flu.” He smiled, “But, at the time, I realized that I kind of wanted it. And now I think I really want to be a dad, but I’m glad she wasn’t the mom.” He reached out and touched Cas’ chin, cupping it lightly and turning his head so that they faced each other. “Cas, do you want to be a dad?”
Dean pushed himself up on the couch, raising his ass just long enough to push his jeans and boxers down to mid thigh. He settled back comfortably against a throw pillow up against the high arm of the couch. Reaching down again, Dean circled his hard cock lightly with his right fist. His left hand cradled his balls while he reached back with one finger to lightly stroke his perineum. Within only a few strokes a bead of clear fluid oozed out the tip of his cock. He circled his thumb over the moisture on the upstroke, spreading it over the swollen red head and easing the way for a tighter squeeze. He continued to stroke as he tugged and massaged his balls lightly, more and more fluid covering the tip and shaft of his cock as he sped his strokes. As his balls started to tighten and pull up, he moved his left hand up to his shirt hem to push it up, then continued up under the shirt to roll one nipple tightly between two fingers while he jacked himself at a faster, rougher pace. Finally, one last tug put him over the edge as he blew his load, closing his eyes and imagining Cas’ long fingers around his cock and on his nipple.
“Mom, stop right now,” Dean said, barely keeping his anger in check and mindful of the people around them. “I love Cas. And, what’s more, I love myself with another person for the first time I can remember.” Dean struggled for the right words. “Do you know what it’s like going from one relationship to the next and never feeling like you fit? And wondering if you’re not meant to fit with anyone? Then, at your lowest, you find someone who just lets you ‘be’ without trying to change you, and your pieces fit with theirs. You feel whole for the first time in your life.” Dean took a minute while Mary looked shocked. Dean put his drink down. “That’s how I feel about Cas. And right now, I really hate that you made me say all that to you before I got a chance to tell him.”
Dean looked up from the display case at the same time as the man behind the case closed it and stood straight. That was the second thing that made him stay.
After another moment, Dean shook off his astonishment at Cas’ banter and started moving boxes. He made quick work of unpacking his bedroom, leaving the closet and dresser barely half filled. His little box of keepsakes he placed on the dresser top, instead of tucked away in the closet.
Missouri seemed to understand what he was feeling. She helped him settle Jack into the new car seat and checked to make sure everything was installed correctly, setting Cas’ mind at ease about at least that one thing.
When the last song played Dean was struck by the raw and honest lyrics. He thought about who was important to him – Sam and Bobby for sure, a few friends here and there. But Carmen stood out to him. He wasn’t even sure he missed her now, less than a day after they broke up, and he wondered if he had ever loved her at all or if she was a roommate with benefits, not even a friend.
“So, if you want something more efficient I’d recommend this model. It’s more environmentally friendly than the old builder grade and the tank has a lower profile if you’re looking at fitting it into a small space. You’ll need a new wax seal and hose. I’m assuming it has a shut off valve installed?”
Just as they got up to head to the bathroom Dean heard his phone ringing and detoured to the living room to check it while Cas went to start the shower. Dean joined him just as the water was warming. “We’ll have to make this quick Cas. Eileen is in the hospital!”
The living room was clean and comfortable. A big cushy dark blue sectional filled two walls. In front of it was a large square rustic coffee table on industrial casters. The centrepiece of the table was a large handblown glass bong, which had a glass dragon in the middle of it. There was a guitar propped at one end of the couch.
Cas stopped to sip his drink again. Dean waited patiently for him to finish, and then prompted him to continue his story. “Why did you leave?”
If you've made it this far, please leave me a comment! I'm enjoying writing this story, but I need to know how you feel too. Comments are my love language, good or bad!
Cas followed her guidance and was immediately transfixed by the squirming bundle in his arms. The baby blinked and wrinkled his nose. His mouth started pouting instinctively at the touch of the nipple and he quickly latched on, sucking hungrily.
Dean lifted his head and gripped the bed covers tight as he watched Cas softly stroke with both hands up his thighs and then finally dip to take the tip of Dean’s cock between his lips, curling one hand loosely to cup Dean’s balls and the other firmly around the base of his cock. Dean resisted the urge to thrust up into Cas’ warmth and basked in the waves of pleasure that started building deep in his belly.
Castiel’s mind wandered. This was the worst idea, but he really needed the help. “Okay, Dean. To tell the truth I’m kind of at a stalemate with the crib.”
Dean has just finished reading a rather tame but heated scene between the two men when Tom forgets his cell phone at security and Brad chases him down in the airport to return it. Dean can picture the flush on Brad’s face, panting slightly after chasing Tom, and he imagines the swell of Brad’s chest beneath a well fitted button down. Dean can almost feel Tom’s left hand twitching to reach up and touch Brad’s shoulder. He imagines Tom poking his tongue out to lick his lips as Brad steps a bit closer, and his crooked grin when he says “Thank you.”
Mary looked a little uncomfortable, but recovered quickly, “Thank you Cas. It was nice to meet you tonight.”
Jack looked wide-eyed at the new person. Dean ducked down a bit to look Jack in the eyes and tickled him lightly under his ear, “Hi cutie, are you a good boy?” Jack giggled and squirmed, holding his hand out to touch Dean’s arm. Dean straightened and held his hands out to Cas, “May I?”
“Who couldn’t love this face?” Dean tickled Jack under the chin until he squirmed. Dean stood and leaned against the counter opposite Cas. “Besides, I couldn’t sleep last night thinking about those loose bookcases with a toddler in the house.”
Cas leaned against the kitchen island and closed his eyes, listening to the gurgles and drips of the coffee while he pictured his neighbour – the freckles that dusted Dean’s cheeks, his wide bright smile and the way he threw his head back and laughed with his whole body, his muscled arms with just a peak of tattoo that must stretch up to his left shoulder, and those soft green eyes. When the noises quieted Cas opened his eyes and reached for his coffee. He drank the first sip while it was still too hot, and then set it down and looked around his new space.
Dean knelt on the floor and started sorting out the pieces, then disassembling the ones that Cas had already screwed together, “I got this, Cas, why don’t you start unpacking the rest of the room.”
Castiel was dumbfounded for a moment. The man was, without a doubt, the most attractive person he had seen in months, even if he couldn’t see the bottom half of his face. His eyes were a soft green colour, surrounded by tiny laugh lines that indicated a smile under the mask. He had broad, strong shoulders and arms. His bare forearms were decorated with several small tattoos – a small dagger on the inside of one wrist, some text Castiel couldn’t quite read on the inside of the other, and the bottom of a vine snaking under the edge of one sleeve. The man’s sandy brown hair was a little too long, likely a holdover from the lockdown, but what Castiel couldn’t stop looking at were those eyes.
The men worked easily together, Dean directing Cas on the placement of each bookcase according to the studs and then screwing in the L brackets that secured the top of each unit to the wall. When they were done and everything was secure, Cas started dragging over boxes of books and sorting them. He had tried to be organized when he packed them away, but inevitably there was some work that still needed to be done. Dean recognized that he wouldn’t be much help with the sorting, so he sat near Jack and entertained him while Cas worked.
Dean sat up enough to turn and look at Cas. “I think we’ve already established my Mom has bad taste in men. Her opinion about you isn’t important to me.”
Brady moved uncomfortably close to Cas. “Baby showers don’t really seem like your scene. If you’d like to spice it up a bit, I have something I can share.” Brady pulled a tiny baggie of pills from his pocket and shook it in front of Cas.
Dean had no problem fitting his bathroom supplies in all the gaps left by Cas, and when he checked the hall closet it was the same, so he had plenty of space for his small stack of towels.
Dean took him up on the offer a couple of times, just enough to get a pleasant buzz while they listened.
By 8:00 a.m. Cas’ kitchen was orderly and he was on his way downstairs to put some boxes in storage when the doorbell rang. Dropping the boxes on the landing, he turned to see Missouri’s wide smile and friendly wave. He quickly unlocked the door and let her in, reaching for Jack before she even crossed the threshold. Jack giggled while Cas hugged him tight and nuzzled at the soft curls on the top of his head. “Did you have a good night?” he asked Missouri, opening the closet door and handing her a hanger for her coat one-handed while he cradled Jack.
Dean swung by the garage again to check in with Cas. He had an empty spot on his key ring and no new address. Cas had finished for the day, so he hopped in his own truck, more vintage than beat-up, and told Dean to follow him.
Cas opened the bottle of lube and coated two fingers on his right hand while he circled the base of Dean’s cock with his left and held it firm. He slid his lips over the tip and started to roll his tongue around the head inside his mouth. While Dean was moaning through the new sensation, Cas slid his right hand down to Dean’s hole and gently stroked in circles around the rim. Dean twitched below him and Cas breached him with the tip of one finger. Dean gasped while Cas sucked him deeper and slowly stroked him with one finger. Went he felt Dean relax Cas added a second finger. Within a few slow strokes Dean was lifting his knees and bracing his hands on the headboard, trying to thrust back onto Cas’ fingers.
Cas went back to checking his emails on his phone and Dean tried to concentrate on the road while he grinned from ear to ear.
Dean scrubbed his hands over his face, and gave his head a shake. “Okay, I’m up.” He opened his eyes fully and looked Cas up and down. “Ooh, I love it when you’re all hot and sweaty in the morning. Think we could share that shower?”
“Look Cas. My mom is important to me, but she has her own issues. I spent years trying to fill in the blanks of things that she wasn’t good at. She wasn’t always there for me, and I’ve come to terms with that. She doesn’t get to start making decisions for me now.”
“Thank you.” Cas was still a little shell shocked and worried. He pulled out the paperwork he’d brought. “Kelly and I were very close. She asked me some time ago to be her child’s guardian.”
Dean felt his insecurities rise up, but he kept going. “Well, yeah, I mean we could adopt, or get a surrogate …” He looked hopefully into Cas’ eyes.
The kitchen was well stocked with food, but only held the basics for pots and pans, dishes, silverware and kitchen tools. After he put his own kitchen supplies in place, Dean pulled up a blank list on his phone app and started jotting down things he’d need to shop for – measuring cups and spoons, silicone spatulas, a garlic press, a large kitchen knife, a pie tin and muffin tin. He tried to picture a few of his favorite meals and mentally checked off what he’d need to make them. He also added new bedding and pillows, as well as some new bath sheets. Cas might have bedding already and towels, but Dean would feel more settled when he had his own, and he felt like indulging himself a bit after Carmen bruised his ego. Once he figured he had a good handle on that he started to move the last of the boxes – his books – to the living room.
Cas pulled out a pale green album cover with a gold Egyptian eye pictogram in the centre. “You are going to love this!” My favorite uncle introduced me to this album about 20 years ago, and told me it was ‘good toking music’. He was right, as a learned later.” Cas grinned as he dropped the needle on the vinyl and gestured for Dean to join him on the couch.
Finally opening his eyes, Dean raised his head slightly and heard a familiar popping noise. “Do I smell coffee?”
Dean lost his nerve and just nodded, sliding the cup across the counter to Castiel. Castiel turned to fill it and then slid it back, smiling at Dean and then turning his eyes to the person who had just stepped up behind him. Dean quietly took his cup back to the table by the window, and dropped into the chair with a sigh. He went back to sneaking glances while his third cup of coffee steamed in between his palms. And that is where he still sat.
“He says it’s normal. And Oscar is gaining weight, so I guess we just have to deal.” Sam started transferring the burgers and dogs to the plate in Cas’ hands, and then loaded up more on the grill to start cooking.
Dean spent his days in the garage underneath vehicles or leaning over their engines. He lost himself in each repair, so that everyone who worked with him knew to clear their throat if they were coming behind him. The only breaks he took were in between jobs. Occasionally, his breaks would coincide with Cas’ and they would lean up against the coffee room counter together, drinking black coffee and tea as they got to know each other.
Cas woke up with the sun rise. The warm body pressed against every inch of his front momentarily confused him, but then he remembered the night before. He flexed the fingers of his left hand, all of them cradled between Dean’s fingers and clutched to Dean’s breastbone. He breathed deeply and took in Dean’s warm natural scent imbued with a trace of Cas’ shampoo. Cas heart stuttered and he took a moment to think about what all this meant for them. They weren’t just roommates anymore, certainly they had become friends, but would Dean accept more? Was he ready for more?
“Exactly,” agreed Dean, “and, by the way, I think I’ve also listened to most of your music collection too!”
Dean had lost all his inhibitions. “I’m finding out all sorts of new stuff about you tonight – you’re a pool shark, a sign language prodigy – what else don’t I know about you Cas?”
“He gave up a lot. Bobby helped him get his mechanic papers and Dean helped put me through law school. I’m making good money now, but he won’t take a penny of it. Says he’s doing just fine every time I ask, even though I know he wasn’t able to save for a house or anything else all these years.”
Cas took his time saying goodbye to Kelly and making the initial arrangements for her body. Then he checked on her son. The doctor assured him that Baby Kline was perfectly healthy, but would be in the hospital for at least a day. Cas went home, broke down, and then pulled himself back together. Then he called his brother Michael, waking him an hour before his alarm, to get some legal advice.
Cas was relieved to see a friendly face. “Thank you, Nurse Mosely. I’d love to do that, but I need to see someone about taking him home today.”
Dean didn’t see Cas at all for a few days, but he couldn’t get the man out of his head. For the first time in years, he caught himself day dreaming at work. Fortunately, he was at his desk and not out in the plant where he could get hurt or, worse yet, get someone else hurt. He was always on his guard when he went out on the floor to check on the metal fabrication processes or help with some on-site trouble shooting. Dean caught his reflection as he glanced out the window and realized the operators on the floor would never let him live it down if they saw the dreamy look on his face right now. He felt like a teenage girl with his first crush, even though Cas definitely wouldn’t be his “first” anything.
Dean was still looking for the black haired and blue-eyed boy with a crumpled jacket when his father reached him.
<<Where are you going? Dean! Don’t you dare to turn your back to your father! To your brother!>> yelled John.
Now that eyes was staring at them while both of them were giving the worst of themselves, one against the other and this made Dean even angrier. He was so sorry for his little brother, he did not want him to see this, he had already seen too many awful things for his age.
<<No..nothing>> Dean answered, he tried to hide the disappointment that he strangely was feeling. He came back to look outside the window, the landscape flowed slowly, houses, trees, streetlamps, private gardens but Dean’s mind couldn’t stop thinking about him in that park.
<<We will meet again>> he said it with confidence, almost as if he was reassuring him, like if it was a promise. The sound of his dad’s horn forced him to turn around again, Dean took some steps towards the gate then turned around again towards the boy. He would have wanted more time to understand, to find out who the boy was, he wasn’t human, that was clear, but he wasn’t even a demon, he couldn’t be. Dean wanted to know, he wanted to know how the unknown boy know him and Sam, why he seemed to know him despite he was sure to have never met him before. But his father was coming, it was like a countdown, Dean could hear the sound of the clock hands.
<<Have you found anything>> Dean heard Sam asking while walking away towards the kitchen. Sam and Cass started talking.
<< Well, it’s enough for me, I need a break, I’ll go to get some pie >> Dean stood up << Do you want anything? >> he asked, stretching his legs.
John left Dean’s shoulder and entered in the car, Dean did the same. The young hunter turned around the car and entered in the passenger seat. Sam climbed over and sat between him and their father. Dean closed the door, John turned on the engine and started to drive towards the hotel.
He was reading, his shoulders low, his eyes moved fast along the pages. Castiel was wearing his usual trench coat over his suit, Dean could see only his shoes and a strip of his pants. The angel seemed really concentrated, Dean looked at his face, his thin nose, his pink mouth, his black hair were ruffed and some strands fell on his forehead.
<<Yes and you can go fuck yourself>> screamed Dean, interrupting him, with all his anger and frustration. He grabbed his jacket from the chair in front of the small table of the room under the window, making it swinging, and walked out.
Dean looked at the swings, compared to the other rocking games they were in a better shape. He entered. He was tired of walking, he needed to sit and think, to calm down. He took a few steps in and felt his shoes sank a bit in the wet and muddy grass. He took his hand out of his pocket and, paying attention, reached the swings. He sat on the nearer swing. The sitting was black and humid but he did not care, he sat sighing. He took the rusty chains of the swing; the smell of iron stung his noise.
It was more than an half an hour that they were yelling at each other, but more he yelled more his father didn’t listen, his throat was starting to burn for the effort and he felt his cheeks boils for the anger. He was angrier than ever before, at least as he could remember in that moment. The anger clouded his mind, usually alert and reactive. He would have wanted to destroy everything; he would wanted to destroy his father.
He was so tired of travelling, he was so tired of worrying, he was so tired of his life, he was so tired of everything and in that moment he was so tired of his father.
<<Let’s go, your brother is waiting for us in the car>> the hunter claimed. Dean knew that he wouldn’t have apologized, if John Winchester apologized the end of the world would happen. Dean sighed and let his father guiding him outside the park but kept looking for the boy, hoping to see his beige jacket
<<Ok who the hell are you? And how do you know me and my brother?>> the young hunter asked defensive. Ok, he was done, he wanted answers right now and he would have got them, in a way or in the other. It was ok to being involved him but Sam, Sam no.
<<Are you listening to me, kid? I’m your father and…>> John was saying, his face livid of anger. He was wearing a pair of old and faded jeans that in the light seemed green and a black t-shirt, his strong arms were full of scars, the same that Dean and Sam had. Sam, among them, was who shouldn’t have had them.
Dean kept his look outside the window, his hand under his chin, he felt his little brother moving near him. Sam’s hair tickled Dean’s shoulder while he was playing with the phone.
<<What?>> Dean asked confused <<Listen I …>> he took his hand again behind his back, near to the dagger. The black haired stranger seemed to catch his intention and came closer.
<< Yeah, yeah, I'm fine, I am just sick of reading >> Dean said, sighing. He gestured to the table where they were working. The center table of the bunker was full of books, files and papers. A row of books was near Sam, another one near him. They had been reading and searching for over two hours.
The ankles of his jeans were dirty with mud, his white shoes were spotted of brown and green. Some green grass wires had attached to his soles and shone among all the others dark colors of the pavement. Dark and sad like his eyes in that moment. He moved his feet, up and down, he sighed thinking that after all he should have came back. It was inevitable, he did not have money or car and then there was Sammy, he would have never left Sam alone, never. Sam’s glassy eyes appeared in his mind.
“Haven’t I?” He grinned at Castiel’s smugness fracturing into a frown, “Maybe you were just so sure I was ‘
“I think it was just, you know, hell stuff, getting mixed in with today’s gay little events,” He nodded to himself, avoiding looking at Castiel.
“How’d you get out?” Sam asked after a long stretch of quiet. Deanna shook her head, a tear rolled to the top of her cheek before she swatted it away and sniffed.
Dean turned to face the angel. He shook his head again. “How are you… so… I don’t know… you seem so cool with all of this?” He swallowed. “Like I’m not
“Ughhh! I had you going for a while there, man.” He laughed, wagging a finger at his brother. Sam shook his head, bemused.
.” Dean sighed and ran his hand through his hair. “I could have gone to hell. Or heaven… the other heaven. You could have been stuck in the empty. There was no guarantee things were gonna work out here-- Ever. And I let that happen-- I--”
possible.” Cas stated calmly before bonking his forehead against Dean’s shoulder, “Would you prefer it?” his smile grew.
“No way, Sam! Do you think God would approve of valerian, skullcap, mugwort, and marijuana blend to get me to sleep? Hell, Nah! He didn’t create plants with medicinal properties just for human beings to go out and use them”.  Sam’s brows lowered.
<<Stupid drunkard>> murmured Dean, looked back at the man by now far on the sidewalk. He shrugged his shoulders than started to walk again. He kept walking for a while in the city half empty, there was few people around, the air was humid for the rain, sometimes some car run on the road, producing the only sound in that deafening silence. There was too much silence while inside Dean there was too much noise.
<<I don’t eat, Dean>> Castiel said as if it was obvious and really it was. Dean knew that Cass didn’t need to eat or sleep.
<<You seems… defensive>> a question and an observation together. The boy straightened his head, it was like if he was studying him, his gestures, his reactions. Dean was surprised and confused at the same time, he bit his lips trying to relax a bit.
<<Jesus!>> Dean sprang on his feet, before his brain had given the instruction. With his senses alerted, he took a hand behind his back where a dagger was hidden under his clothes. Dean touched the grip, ready to unsheathe if it had been necessary.
Dean crossed Sam’s eyes and felt a grip on his heart, his father continued to yell and for an instant, it seemed to him that the volume was turned lower. Sam’s green-grey eyes were glossy, he knew he was trying to not cry. John did not like when it happened, they were hunters, he always said, and hunters do not cry but they also were human, damn it! They were humans but John seemed to have forgotten it, it seemed to always forget it. Dean was so tired of it, in that moment seemed that the volume was turned higher, on a normal level.
It was the gate of an old and small park, the grass was wet for the rain and there were mud puddles everywhere. There were old wooden rocking games, an old horse and a pair of swings. The atmosphere was dark, the branches of the trees created a sort of blanket over the small humid park, the light filtered through the leaves in bundles.
<<What do you mean?>> the hunter asked. Sam closed his book and raised his gaze to him, he was still sat on the chair.
It was like waking up from a dream, Dean shook his head and took his eyes to the park’s gate. He heard the sound of the engine of his dad’s car, John had found him. Dean realized in that moment that he had forget the reason why he was here, he had forgotten the argument with his father.
<<I know both of you>> he said, he had read in his mind again like before. Dean stepped away, raising a hand.
<<Dean, are you ok?>> John asked worried, coming closer. His yellow boots almost sinking in the mud of the old small park, probably abandoned. The first of the Winchester brothers shook his head, trying to compose himself. Dean didn’t need his father believing him crazy.
<<Yeah, I’ve got it, anyway you’ve found something more interesting to do>> Sam claimed amused, his hair swung a little when he turned again towards the book he was reading. Dean turned towards him, he frowned a bit confused and crossed his strong arms over his chest.
The black haired boy was looking at the gate when Dean turned around, he saw him slowing turning towards him. His hair was ruffed, some strands covered his forehead, he had his hands along his side. He spoke before Dean could say something.
<<You can trust>> he said, narrowing his eyes again. The young hunter had the feeling that the boy was trying to be friendly. It seemed like if he was following some instructions and he was looking at him to be sure that they were working. “Who are you?” Dean thought, keeping his eyes on him, green in blue.
The boy without a name walked away, he approached the swings ans started to observe them, it seemed he was studying them, he stretched a hand to touch the surface of one of them.
Dean straightened his back, moving slightly away his hand from the dagger behind his back. The unknown boy did not move, he simply inclined his head and narrowed his eyes. He had a curious look like if he was trying to understand what Dean was doing. The boy didn’t look menacing but Dean had learned to not trust the appearances.
<<At least tell me your…>> Dean started to ask while turning again towards the unknown boy, he thought to hear something like a flapping wings <<…name>> concluded with feeble voice. Dean’s eyes widened, he took some steps looking around, his arms open. He was gone, the weird and pretty evasive boy  was gone, no tracks. Dean had not heard him walking away, there weren’t prints on the wet floor full of leaves and mud.
<<You can trust, Dean>> the boy came closer to Dean and chained up his eyes to Dean’s. Dean could see the reflection of himself in the stranger’s blue eyes, a calming blue that seemed to contain all the universe, the blue of the sky before the night that melted in the green of the meadow of his eyes. Dean was so fascinated that almost jumped when he heard the sound of his dad’s car horn.
<<Damn!>> Dean screamed through clenched teeth, stepping on his feet with the result to spread mud everywhere, his legs included spotting his jeans.
<<Is something wrong?>> Castiel asked, looking at Dean. Now Dean could see his eyes well, Castiel’s eyes seemed to shine like if his grace was entirely enclosed in them, blue like the universe full of stars.
<< Are you ok? >> Sammy asked, frowning. He was wearing a white and blue squared shirt over a pair of jeans. He was looking at him with an amused look. << You seemed enchanted >> Sam said, giggling, a strand of hair covered his cheek.
<<I didn’t see anything>> Dean murmured, more to himself then to someone else, his chin again on his palm. He didn’t know what he had seen and he didn’t know if one day he would have found out but however he was sure to not have imagined it. Dean looked at his hand, the same hand with which he had shook the boy’s hand. He remembered his strong and at the same time gentle touch, no he definitively had not imagined it.
he had said with confidence, like a promise, before disappearing. Now, Dean knew what was that sound he heard. He had come back like promised.
The magnetic blue-eyed boy moved and Dean grabbed the dagger behind his back, ready to defend himself from the stranger’s attack. The boy came closer then stopped in front of Dean’s alerted eyes and surprisingly he stretched his hand. Dean frowned, the guy wanted him to shake his hand?
<<I want nothing, I came because you needed it>> the boy explained, he lowered his hand along his sides, his jacket was clearly too big for him. Dean noticed that he was wearing a white t-shirt under it and a pair of black pants, he was young, maybe he was his age, Dean couldn’t say it.
<<You have been staring at Cass for over 15 minutes>> Sam explained and gestured with his head towards the other side of the room. Dean followed his indication and his gaze fell on Castiel. The angel was standing in front of another table, smaller than their but however full of books.
<<I am not your enemy, neither Sam’s, I only want to know you, I thought you needed a friend>> he explained, apparently he seemed to not have emotions or he was trying to simulate them, with poor results.
He answered Dean’s question without looking at him, he started studying his hand after touching the wet swings.
The angel of the Lord looked at Dean then at Sam, he narrowed his eyes like if he was trying to understand something without doing it.
Dean sheathed the dagger in his belt behind his back, he shivered when the cold blade touched his skin. He straightened his back, he looked around, the little park was empty and outside the gate, there were no movements, they were alone. A gust of wind moved the branches of the trees, there was the sun, Dean noticed it from the light on the sidewalk outside the park. He turn around, finding the boy close to him, too close, an intense look on his face.
They walked outside the park, the Impala was parked along the road with the wheels on the sidewalk. There was the sun that lightened up the sidewalk and the road, Dean was forced to half-closed his eyes for the change of brightness. The asphalt was drying, there were some little puddles around.
Now, he had the answers, now he could surely say that he had not imagined it. Dean put a hand on the jamb of the door, he looked at it, he remembered all the times when Castiel had shook his hand, all the times when the angel had hugged him and Sam. His touch had not changed, it was always strong and gentle.
The first of the Winchester brothers was confused and shocked, he had never been in a situation like this. He had few choices, trust him then lowering the dagger or not trust him and attack him first before he could do it. However, there was something, a feeling, a voice that kept telling him that he could trust the boy. Dean kept his eyes locked to those of the boy while lowering his weapon, his eyes were so blue and deep like a lake. The boy didn’t move, he stayed in the same position, hand stretched towards him.
<<So…>> started Dean, taking a step back, uncomfortable. It was strange for Dean feeling uncomfortable in that way, he had felt like this few times in his life, maybe never before now.
John Winchester looked his son up and down then took his gaze on the park around them cautious. John put an arm around Dean’s shoulders.
Castiel’s hair seemed dark and soft feathers, his eyes were narrowed, Dean could barely see the blue of his irises in the shadow of the corner where he was. The hunter wondered how he could read in that darkness. Dean raised his eyebrows, he opened and closed his mouth, he had just realized something. The memory of that strange encounter had come back in mind suddenly, he believed to have forgotten it, instead it was in that part of his mind where he preserved his good memories. Despite all the unanswered questions, all the oddity he had classified it as a good memory and now he had that answers.
“I--” Dean lifted his T-shirt sleeve from his arm and Charlie gasped, clasping both of her hands over her face.
“Monsters exist?” Simon stared blindly at the marching group of whatever the hell the people in leather dog masks were.
He urged himself and tore his unfocusing eyes down to his hands. He noticed that they were bloodstained and shaking. He also noticed that his heart seemed to have suddenly rivaled the sound of bass seeping out onto the street from a nightclub. He couldn't feel anything at all.
Dean practically ran down the hallway toward the garage. A large part of him wanted to turn around and head back the other way, to burst back into the room and scream “sorry” at them all before rushing back out and into the freedom of the late afternoon air. Instead, he continued to march toward the front door, desperate to get to the Impala before he had a full-blown breakdown. He wondered as he climbed into the comfort and safety of the car, what Castiel would be doing now.
Dean’s heart sank. He knew this was never going to go down great but he had never expected Cas to be so cold. He had expected some kind of “
“Jack, let's have a look at this brightly colored, malleable clay that Penny brought you, shall we?” Castiel asked, gently taking the transformer from the toddler's gip and replacing it with his own hand. He led a wide-eyed Jack over to the short table and spared another reassuring smile at Dean, as he sighed and ducked out the door.
He pondered anxiously. He knew this was the last real hope he had. His hail Mary. If it didn't work he figured he could do either one of three things,
“I suppose,” he laughed. “I definitely recall that I was very loud too, though”. Dean sighed, still smiling he turned to stare at the ceiling as he shook his head in disbelief.
He pictured Cas his body exploding, bones, sinew, and muscles reduced to molecules as it sprayed red mist over the graveyard.
. Dean desperately wanted to go back to that morning, he wanted to be half awake tangled in Cas’s limbs, and if he couldn’t do that he needed to push Cas away, far away.
"I think you should try that," Jack said standing in the doorway awkwardly. He looked horrible too, Sam noted. He walked over to the minifridge and crouched all the way down to retrieve a pouch of saline. He kept his eyes on his brother as he hooked the IV up to the broken stand that Dean had once fixed by welding it to a metal coat hanger. Dean still hadn't moved. Sam saw that his brother's face had become more frantic as his eyes roamed over the deep gashes over Cas' body.
“It's okay, Mom. Really. I think that went better than I could have expected, honestly,” Mary sighed. Dean smiled sadly at her. “Can’t believe you knew and didn’t say anything.” Mary grinned, her eyes were still somber.
“Dad’s dead, Sam. What’s he gonna do? Ground me?” She laughed. “Besides that thing’s the only lead we have if we wanna figure out how to kill Yellow Eyes.” Sam shook her head again, bewildered.
of you, not just the parts you deem more attractive.” Dean sighed and placed another zucchini on the chopping board.
“I, uh,” He chuckled, “Me and my brother, we hunted monsters.” He nodded at Simon's confusion. “Demons, vampires, werewolves, ghosts, ghouls. You name it, we killed it.”
“Dean?” Sam croaked from the other side of the bathroom door, “You woke me up. Now I’ve gotta pee''. Dean sighed.
“If I’m going to drink I may as well do it properly” Cas stated and rose slowly, pushing a shot each back toward Dean and Charlie. The pair looked at each other, confused, as Castiel sauntered off toward the bar. Dean broke into a smile as he realized what Cas was doing.
A waiter in a mesh shirt eyed Dean as he took the table number and replaced it with three baskets of fries. Dean swallowed and trained his eyes to the grooves in the wooden table.
"Cas-" Both finally decided to break the silence, the men ended up speaking over each other then suddenly, barring a dreary chuckle from Dean, they were quiet again. Cas went back to averting his gaze as he audibly swallowed. "You go," Dean said, slowly blinking at him.
“Become Death? Jack, no. You have to leave before the empty finds you and keeps you here for good this time”.
Dean’s eyes roamed up and down between Castiel’s bright blue eyes and his pale lips as he struggled to breathe air into his lungs. He shook his head ever so slightly in a moment of disbelief before, as if suddenly possessed by a fearless and confident version of himself, he lunged from his seat and bent down over where the angel sat. Dean hesitantly lifted his hand to cup Cas's face then slid his fingers back across his angel's soft yet stubbled face. He gripped his hand into the hair at the back of Cas’s neck. The men stared deeply into each other's eyes, everything was laid out in the open now, their entire souls were visible to one another, through the pain and yearning in both their emerald and azure eyes. Panting, Dean darted his head forward a fraction closing in the distance between them. His chest rose and fell quickly as his eyes flickered from Castiel's lips back up to his eyes as if silently begging for the angel's permission. Cas inhaled sharply and closed the space between them.
Sam seemed to still be working in slow motion; It took him a long time to accept just how bad things are. He pulled his hand away from Dean’s back and stared at the blood that had appeared as if it were an alien lifeform.
“I’m sure ya are.” Sam grinned, “I mean you seem it... I was shocked when you ordered a coffee at the bar last night” Sam beamed.
"No, man. I shouldn't have said it. Sure, everything that went down, that all still went down... but after everything we've been through… Not even a damn postcard..." he sighed and shook his head. "I never wanted to drive you away" Dean avoided looking at him, his eyes trained to his feet.
Dean's head snapped up at the familiar voice and what he saw sent a jolt so strong through him that he genuinely thought he'd been struck by lightning. After taking a mere second to catch his breath, Dean leaped up off the ground, dropped the contents of his arms, and rushed to Jack's side.
“Mom”, Dean choked. He looked into her eyes. He knew that realistically he was able to meet her again in this new heaven, but only now with her in front of him, did he understand. He wrapped his arms back around her and closed his eyes, pulling her tight.
Dean woke knowing something was wrong. The air was thin and with each struggling breath, his tired lungs wheezed audibly. Fear. It had been a while now since he’d felt fear like this. He could taste the feeling on his tongue. It coursed through every single cell in his body, screaming at him that something was deeply, deeply wrong. The darkness surrounded him, engulfed him, and in that darkness, he was finally able to find clarity.
, apparently.” he shrugged again. Dean shrugged back at him, raising his brows and pulling down the corners of his lips. “You know Crowley reaped me?!” Keven stated, spilling his drink as he swung himself around on his barstool so his whole body now faced Dean. Dean nodded.
“Is this like one of those hidden base’s hessian bag type’a deals?” Deanna asked, muffled through the thick fabric.
“What the hell kind of closure could you possibly need? And as for mourning, you practically hated the guy!” Sam’s mouth fell open.
“So there's nothing you can do?” He asked, his voice gravelly and uneven. Dean saw for a moment, the very faintest moment, a small look of uncertainty that flashed across her face, “What?”, he pressed, sitting up straight. Her brows slowly lifted as she realized she’d been caught out. She shifted slightly, uncomfortable, as she looked away from Dean. “What is it? There’s a way isn’t there!”, He couldn’t help it, that one micro expression became his everything. He had found hope and he’d be damned if he wasn’t going to hold onto it.
Dean tried desperately to restore his facade, his mind raced ahead of him as he struggled to understand how any of this could have possibly happened. Could Castiel’s monologue have been some kind of deathbed confession that he had overemphasized internally and now regretted? Was he taking his words back because Dean had yelled all that pent-up, frustrated bullshit in his dumb prayer the other day? Dean stared at the two mugs he didn’t realize he’d placed on the bench. One read “I hate Mondays” with a picture of Garfield, the other, a present from Jack to Dean that read, “Don’t talk to me until my coffee has had its coffee”. Dean’s hands shook as he filled the mugs. He felt the anger rising inside him. He wanted to punch the wall, run away, yell, cry, instead he simply lifted a mug in each hand and slid into the seat opposite Castiel, placing Sam’s Garfield cup in front of Cas. He avoided looking at Cas and sipped at the scalding hot coffee.
"You have got to be fucking kidding me," a familiar voice called from a few meters away, causing everyone's heads to snap toward the sound.
“You need to rest, Cas-tration. That's what you need to do”, Gabriel finished. “You need to sit tight and don't worry that pretty little head of yours about a thing because we’ll take care of everything, okay? The lot of us. Michael, Metatron, Joshua, and Good ol’ Balty here, we’ve made a little counsel for the angels and we’re-- ” He shrugged.
“I’m sure we can catch up another time. Can't we, John.” Mary asked, extending her arm toward him, “Say, tomorrow night at that Burger joint? What's it called, the good one?” John ignored her and stared at Dean. Dean felt like he was shrinking under the weight of his dad's gaze. He figured he’d try his luck now that his mom was there as a buffer, maybe, he could make an escape.
“You’re mate, Jack. Seems he has good taste. I was always rooting for that little runt. Turns out he's quite the safe-cracker. Managed to clear the lot of us out of that place. Or at least whoever was left”. Dean looked at Crowley who stared at his nails, flipping his hand around to view them from different angles. He glanced up at Dean’s irritated face. “What is it, Dean? Is there something you would like to ask me?” He drawled, feigning ambiguity. Dean set his jaw.
"I like the way she used the cherubs on either side of my name". Dean laughed and placed his phone down on the nightstand beside him, plugging it in to charge. He felt grateful for his mom. Having his dad back in his life... death… maybe wouldn't be as horrible as he had imagined with Mary there to keep John in check. He considered his memory, the one he had been too young to really remember until he'd ventured into the previous heaven, one of many moments where he had to comfort his mom when John and she had been in some huge dumb argument over nothing. He wondered how long it would take, with eternity together in heaven, before his parent's love-filled reunion turned sour.
When home Dianna spent the evening unpacking the remainder of her possessions, placing photographs on her shelf, and storing a few of her cooler, although undeniably more obscure and useless weapons around the room. She stood backward and ran her eyes over her room, more or less content with the prospect of calling this space her own. She grinned as an idea occurred to her and she grabbed at her old shotgun and wandered down to the shooting range. After hitting four bullets into the direct center of the target, she pulled the sheet off and walked back to her room, giggling to herself. She tacked the target sheet full of bullet holes upon her bedroom wall and drew a smiley face with giant crosses for eyes and its tongue sticking out on it. Pleased with herself, she wandered to Sam’s room, eager to display to her sister her new and genius decor.
“Deanna Winchester,” She reported as she handed Mario the card, “And no offense or anything,” she echoed, as the girl turned the laminated plastic over in her hands, “but this is an emergency, and I’m kind of in a hurry.” She placed her hand out, signaling for Mario to give her the card back.
“Why the fuck would you ask me that?” Castiel’s lips turned up ever so slightly in the corners as he lowered his hand. His eyes were perfectly warm when he replied.
“Woah, there horsey. I wouldn't do that if I were you.” Gabriel began, rushing to Cas’s side and placing a hand upon his shoulder. “You just about got ripped a deluge of new ones back in the Empty.”
“Wait,” Sam broke the silence. Dianna sniffed as a tear splashed against the paper in her hands. She cleared her throat and turned to her sister. “I think I've got something,” Sam said, displaying a small wooden box with an aquarian star upon it. She retrieved her phone from the pocket of her black pants and Dianna watched silently as her sister typed away. She licked her lips and started reading. “The Aquarian Star, more commonly known as a Unicursal hexagram, is a six-pointed star that represented the Men of Letters.” Deanna’s eyes narrowed in confusion.
“How you doing!” She smiled, placed her hand in his, holding his gaze then slowly pulled her hand back. Ryan shook his head, breaking her gaze, and licked his lips, smiling.
“Um, just a second” The lady said as she rose to her feet and scanned a piece of paper at the desk. “Brandy, sure. Um, that's just fifteen dollars each, today.” She said smiling up at them. Deanna snapped her head toward Sam.
“Is it because I... spooned you?” Dean cringed at the use of the term spoon. He scoffed and rolled his eyes. He felt heat rising in his cheeks.
The women spent the rest of the day wandering their new town. They came upon a homeware store and bought fresh sheets and new toothbrushes, anything they could justify spending money on, elated at the prospect of making the space feel like their own.
"He's my father, Dean." for the first time during the conversation he avoided Dean's eyes. "He can't leave the Empty... and besides… he needs purpose." He looked back at Dean imploring him to understand "He created demons... and he
“I obviously don’t actually want to wear chaps, man.” He tapped his hand against the small of Cas’s back and nodded his head toward the general direction that everyone seemed to be headed, annoyingly away from the beach... “Alright, let's get this shit over with”, he shook his head.
“I’d say you can just wear what you normally would but it seems you’ve changed that up lately”. Castiel walked away to place the stove on and moved the oiled pot (that Dean had already prepared) over the fire. Dean gathered up the veggies and bumped his hip against Cas's, gently gesturing for him to move out of the way. He then dropped all of the chopped-up vegetables into the pot.
Dean’s stomach rolled, causing him to heave. A foamy brown liquid spilled from his mouth to his feet, where he watched it swirl in circles before it slipped down the drain. He groaned, his stomach ached. He wasn't certain if it was because of his hangover or his guilt. At least he knew he would be dying today, he reminded himself. A small solace. Part of him longed for heaven; a large part that he had spent years trying to cram down deep inside, hoped desperately that heaven would allow him to relive the memory of last night from the view of his own imagination. A knock on the door pulled him from his thoughts.
“Good.” he nodded to himself “Good… So, uh, you gonna be able to drive because I’m still a little bit, uh--” he dangled the now empty bottle between them.
Dean walked out into the cold night air of the parking lot, glancing behind him. No hand on his shoulder stopped him from leaving; nobody followed. He smiled to himself. There were only a few cars left in the lot and none of them looked anything like he’d ever seen Cas drive. Dean wasn’t sure if Cas would even be driving but he did notice that he had definitely walked out of the Roadhouse, rather than simply vanish, so it was a good place to start. Dean lifted his chin trying to see into the distance. He didn’t find any car lights along the road. He marched around to the right side of the building, the gravel crunching beneath his feet, scaring the nearby cicada into silence. He paced the whole Roadhouse, his boots sinking slightly in the wet grass at its rear, before turning the last corner and spotting Castiel standing with his back resting against the slatted wooden wall.
Dean knew deep down, as he skidded down the dirt roads of heaven, that Sam would be okay. Sure, maybe it would take some time, and sure maybe he’d still have moments that were worse than others, but he honestly could picture Sam getting on with his life. Worst case scenario, Dean imagined Sam, old, maybe looking relatively similar to he does now but like some thick grandpa glasses and messy gray hair, having a cry in secret as he sat in the Impala (that he hopefully kept as a shrine to Dean and never ever actually drove). And then maybe one day Sam’s life will come to a gentle end. He’ll die with family around him and get to say a proper goodbye. That's what Dean would want for Sam, he decided, as he drove onto a bridge, slowing the Impala to a stop.
“I can’t let you leave--”, he cocked his head to the side and stuck out his bottom lip, “--Sorry. It's just that I hate you, and I’d rather just get this over with now, rather than have that awkward moment... having to track you down once we get outta here… I’m sure you understand”. He plunged the sword into Cas’s top right wing, pinning him to the ground. Cas cried out in pain, a white-hot ache ran through him to his center, his other wings flapped around desperatly as he tried to free himself.
“First, we eat!” Deanna remarked stacking the old board games into her arms from the mysterious box of childhood memorabilia and following her sister from the container. Dianna placed the games onto the concrete at her feet and then placed a new lock upon the container’s handle and added the key to the Impala’s keychain. She pulled the wooden box from John’s jacket pocket slowly holding the keychain in her hand. Sam laughed from beside her as she repositioned the Henry box against her hip and shook her head.
“Brandy, huh? She happen to ride pole for coin?” Sam’s eyes widened and Deanna shrugged, smiling. “Come on. Brandy, really? Who names their kid that?” Samantha shook her head as Ryan appeared seemingly out of nowhere, placing a drink each in front of them.
“Dean, wait,” Cas spoke as he reached out, his hand lightly clutched at Dean's wrist for a moment before he undid his own seatbelt. Dean turned towards the angel, Cas’ blue eyes shone in the moonlight. “Before you go in there's something I have to tell you.” He sighed, “There's something you need to know about Jack.”
“I’ve been there... Look, I know this can be pretty overwhelming… but there’s no actual rule saying you need to figure any of it out… ever… and if anyone says otherwise they’re not worth listening to.” He grinned at Dean, “I’m just glad you’re here, I know it means a lot to them.” He gestured discreetly with his eyes to where Penny and Cas sat at the table behind them. Dean nodded.
Dean had a sense of foreboding as he made his way to the kitchen. His stomach felt like it had very quickly tied itself into a noose. He turned the corridor and was hit by the clanking sounds of Sam making breakfast in the kitchen. Eggs, by the smell of it. Dean took a moment to steady himself. He knew he couldn’t cause a scene, he couldn’t let on to what he and Jack had discussed in his dream just moments ago. He inhaled deeply and pushed down the guilt and pain that had found its way up to this throat and clenched his fist as if his hand could hold all of the tension and pressure he had started to feel. He turned and walked into the kitchen. Sam was indeed cooking eggs. Healthy eggs, not the way Dean liked them; not sunny side up and doused in oil. He noticed the toaster had the familiar stream of smoke rising and instinctively walked over to the appliance.
“I know.” Castiel sighed. “I also know, that you know, that you’re being stupid”. Dean looked up at him with fear in his eyes and swallowed audibly.
"Oh, hey, man". Dean called, laughing. Glaring at them from the footpath by the food truck, stood Adam and a stranger with long dark hair and a very perky nose, who Dean assumed could only be Michael. The two dropped their hands from each other's grip and Michael turned back towards the food truck in the beach parking lot, to place their orders.
"Thank you." Cas took the blanket and placed it over himself, his face remained completely void of any emotion. "I'd hoped you were turning in for the night, so I could leave," Cas said, now avoiding eye contact. "...I didn't want things to be awkward". Dean was taken aback. He raised his eyebrows, and while finally accepting the reality before him and leaving his daze, closed the small space between the end of the bed where he stood, to the chair, before plonking himself down. Castiel looked at him cautiously and inquisitively.
“Come play,” Jack said, curling his hand around two of Dean’s fingers and pulling him over to a pile of toys by a box at the end of his bed. Jack released Dean, who placed his hands upon his knees as he groaned, and bent down to sit in the grass at the end of the bed. Castiel smiled down at them as Jack started rummaging through the toys, handing Dean a Transformer and a Barbie. The Barbie looked like it had seen better days, its clothes had been removed and its hair stood up straight. Dean thought she looked like she’d had a particularly fun night.
He remembered how Cas had sacrificed himself, taking on the wrath of Raphiel alone, in a desperate attempt at stopping the angels from raising Lucifer, so soon after Dean and Sam had even met him.
The bartender glanced down expectantly at the metal tray. “Oh, right.” Dean jumped up and fished the coins from his back pocket and placed the appropriate amount from the menu upon the tray. Dean’s third song began as she returned with his bright drink.
Once inside the bar, if you could even call it that, Deanna took off her dad's jacket again and clutched it protectively to her chest. Her eyes scanned the room as she let out a low whistle.
The boys sat in silence as they ate. Dean, intent on staring at his food, felt sick from forcing himself to eat, but he knew it was the only way to not freak Sam out. He had to carry on as if nothing was wrong. He had to keep it together. At one point he looked up and Sam's eyes caught his. Dean smiled a little at him from across the table. which evidently had been unconvincing. Sam's mouth formed his signature worried line and his brows furrowed. “You cooked, I’ll clean. I just gotta wash the taste of these eggs out of my mouth first”, Dean stated as he rose and collected their plates. Sam had polished off every bit of food, but Dean had only eaten all he could manage without barfing, leaving just enough food to not arouse any suspicion. Sam seemed to agree with this sentiment.
"It is". Cas stated matter of factly. Jack stopped for a moment, considering Castiel's words before responding.
Dean tried not to think of when his eyes were black. The filthy shit he did while traveling around with Crowley, the things he has to remind himself don't count because he was a demon.
“In the-- well--” he gestured down at his body, “--not flesh. Nice dream you were having here?” he asked, critically assessing the cement walls. Dean groaned at the realization and rubbed his hands over his eyes, wiping away the rest of his tears. He was feeling the same foggy confusion as the previous times he’d been Incepted and tried to clear his mind of the remaining feeling of agony from his nightmare, before pulling himself up to his feet and wiping the dust from his pants with his still shaking hands.
"Yeah. That'd be great, thanks." Dean placed his empty cup into the sink and walked from the kitchen without looking back.
"I don't know, Dean. The two of you are constantly defying all odds so I wouldn't rule anything out. Why, though? Are you not at peace?" Cas warm breath curled scentless around Dean's nose. Dean sighed.
“You’re not bored? You don’t ever just wanna grab Penny and head back down to the main lobby?” He eyed the bubbles exploding at the surface of his beer.
Dean ignored the eyes upon him as he chuckled to himself at the hot mess at the bottom of Sam's otherwise legible letter. He walked over to where Rebecca sat and gave her a little smile before rummaging around in the desk drawer for a pen. He grabbed at the sparkly blue gel pen, realizing with a mild irritation that it was the closest he would get to a ballpoint. He cleared his throat dramatically and circled his arm, flourishing his hand over the paper.
“Cas, could ya give me a second, please?” Dean tried swatting Cas’s hands off of his shoulders but he seemed to have the strength of a three-year-old (not the godly kind).
“What about you?” Dean nodded solemnly. He realized he had taken his speech a little too far; had made it a little too Sam centric, and that his younger brother had started to see through it.
“You would be if I wasn’t giving away friends and family discounts every night”. Ellen called over her shoulder as she made her way back toward the bar.
“Heaven has never actually had any issues with same-sex relationships. Gender and Sex are inconsequential to us. It’s definitely a human thing.” Cas smirked. Dean raised his eyebrows and rubbed at his eyes again.
“Can we order another two each while you’re over here?” Sam asked “It’s gonna be a long night.” Ryan raised his brows.
“Your man giving you a hard time?” a man with beautiful dark, hair, eyes, and skin leaned his body over Dean’s chair, towering over him.
"Lucky for you, I ain't that guy," Bobby said factually, shaking his head. "You look like microwaved shit, boy."
“Yeah…” He sighed and turned to look at Cas again. He approached the next topic carefully. “Cas, say I do find a way out of here... you’re not gonna come with me, are you." He rushed his words as his eyes darted all over the room, "What with Jack being here, and the council probably needs you--” Castiel's eyes lit up as if everything had finally fallen into place; as if finally understood why Dean had been so hesitant to talk about his discomfort. Dean continued to avoid looking at the angel and instead busied himself. He pulled a wooden spoon out of the drawer and stared nervously at the pot as he waited for the vegetables to soften, and Cas to respond.
The sound of thrashing wings rang out through the room and all eyes turned toward the young angel Azrael, their hair still in two meticulously neat matching braids by their shoulders.
“Castiel.” Dean jumped as Mary’s hand fell on Cas’s shoulder gently. Cas whipped his eyes up to the woman beside him, smiled, and stood. John stood slightly off to the side behind her, watching. Dean suddenly regretted those last three shots, his breathing increased. It felt like the whole night of drinks had suddenly hit him all at once.
"Where would you like me to put this?" Charlie asked, cutting in before Sam could react. She was holding an elaborate pie that was clearly a creation Stevie made considering Charlie was about as bad a baker as they come.
“Hey. I’m sure you did the best you could, man. I doubt anyone blames you for getting taken down a notch by the actual devil.” Cas pulled his lips into a thin line and reluctantly nodded back. Dean slowly lowered his hand and pulled on his seatbelt, then sighed, and took a gulp of beer. Cas brought the Impala to life as he turned the key, the engine purred.
Finally, he came upon a Gas-N-Sip and pulled the car in to fuel up. He ripped open the driver's side door and slammed it shut, his mind elsewhere. As he stood with the pump in his hand he considered that maybe this new and improved heaven was not specifically
"Ghosts are popping up all the time, Claire, they're the only thing out there that's still a guarantee". Dean replied, wiping his hands against his jeans. His right hand aching still from earlier.
“It obviously looks better on you. This shit doesn’t even fit me!” She pulled a hair tie from her wrist and bent over, brushing her hair down with her fingers.
"Please tell me you're joking". He managed. There was a pause from the other end of the phone. Dean rested his head in his spare hand as he waited.
"I'm not saying I've forgiven him... or trust him or anything, Dean... but if anyone understood what it was like to be written as a villain into God's story-"
"Dean..." He began, trailing off. Dean shook his head incredulously. Realizing Cas wouldn't continue, he sighed.
“Oh, you know, it’s Halloween!” He responded, yelling over the music and feigning enthusiasm. Sam nodded with equal energy.
“The armchairs are great but I gotta stretch out the ol’ knees, I’m falling asleep”. Dean grinned and turned back toward the TV. Cas’s heart was beating hard and fast and he, much to his chagrin, also felt it beating in his crotch.
"No, D. Anything you want to say to me you can say in front of him." Deanna swallowed hard before nodding slowly to herself and walking over to the seat at the desk. She lifted the wooden chair and waddled it over to sit in front of her younger sister.
“I’m sure there was nothing you could’a' done, D,” Sam said, her voice full of genuine warmth, sounding truly like the Samantha that D remembered for the first time all evening. Deanna had another attempt at clearing the lump from her throat and wiped under her eyes with the corner of Ryan's napkin, knowing that her mascara had no doubt run tracks down her face.
kind of hatred. Would you really want him walking around in the world, spewing his hate to anyone that will listen? My brand of torture is more brazen than that, but if you prefer his subtlety… I'll offer you a deal. Your dear father,” He bowed overdramatically, “or
“Actually," she replied, "I’m looking for my sister who lives here. Samantha Winchester? Do you know which room she’s in?” She asked, pulling the jacket off from around her, folding and placing it in her arms.
“Turns out Chuck, uh--” Dean closed his eyes and shook his head. He felt dizzy. The damned air in this damned room was getting thinner by the second. “Jack said Sam’ll die in three days.” he swallowed hard and looked up at Rowena. Rowena placed her hand upon Dean’s forearm.
“Sorry.” He croaked, squinting down at Dean. Dean’s smile faded, though he kept his arm where it lay on Cas’s chest. He plonked his head back against the bed, by Cas’s neck. They’d woken up in the same bed together before a fair few times. When they’d watched movies together, or when they’d had limited options from hotels, even when Dean needed to get shitfaced and vent to his best friend about whatever current apocalypse was kicking his ass.
you. That’s fucking disgusting. I-- How could you even--” Dean turned back, mid-rant to see Castiel beaming back at him, his words coming to a halt in his throat. Overwhelmed, he swallowed hard against the lump in his throat. “You’re a fucking dick!” his eyes stung.
.” Dean raised his voice. “Cas is, uh,” he shook his head, his eyes glanced around unfocused as his smile grew, “He’s just lookin’ out for me.” he swallowed, “All he ever does is look out for me.” He cleared his throat and trained his eyes back to his father. “Ya know, the thing is John, I think I’m still soft. Hell, I
“Is it really relevant, right now, Cas?” Castiel nodded, his eyes wide. Dean shifted his feet awkwardly staring at his boots, the growing pain deep in his chest was becoming unbearable as he waited for Cas to hurry up and get to the final blow.
“That’d be me,” Dean squinted at them and held his hand out. Whether due to not seeing it or simply deciding they would prefer to read the letter themself, they ignored his hand and uncrumpled the scrunched-up ball of paper from the pocket of her oversized navy suit. The waitress gently and slowly placed the Winchester’s plates in front of each of them, her eyes flickered between the table and the angel as she worked.
“How about I get you the usual instead,” he said winking. He turned back to Deanna and shook his head again, smiling as he twisted on his heel and snaked his way back through the crowded dance floor toward the bar.
“What about you and Eileen”, Dean’s stomach twisted as he realized he had brought up Eileen as if she was Sam’s equivalent to Cas. The implications of which, Sam didn’t comment on, he just sighed and smiled at his brother though his smile didn't reach his eyes. Dean relaxed a little at this. He knew that over the years, his brother, among others, had made comments and offhand remarks about his relationship with Cas. Each time these comments were made, Dean had found himself becoming less and less angry and irritated at the connotations. However, this was before Cas had thrown a spanner in the works and highlighted the reality of the situation. Cas had finally uttered a simple four-letter word that explained the mutual appreciation, respect, loyalty, devotion, tender fondness, and sometimes passionate rage that they had, up until that point, left unspoken between them. Not that it mattered, Dean noted, Cas was dead and in the empty, the two could only meet again in heaven where, even then, it would be nothing but memories. Dean still couldn’t help but regress to the familiar irritation that spread through him at every mention of the two of them together. The pure rage and frustration rivaled how he used to feel during the first arrivals of these kinds of comments. The feeling that used to make him want to gank everyone else in the room, so the two of them could just go about their time together in peace, without anyone judging them or making it weird. This time though, he could only blame himself for that feeling; the anger could only be turned inward toward himself. Sam shifted under the silence. Dean could tell that Sam had felt the air change as he ran through his inner monologue. Sam just wasn't aware that the anger plainly written on his older brother's face wasn't directed at his silence.
“Yeah. I guess you’re all junkless light globes and we’re the ones with all the hang-ups.” Cas snickered.
“First of all, I said that because I knew I was about to get taken by the empty and therefore, was about to die for what I could only assume in that moment, would have been the final time, not because I didn’t believe you felt at least
“Hey,” Cas whispered into Dean's ear before planting a kiss on his temple. Dean’s reality formed around him as his memory came rushing back. His mouth quivered into a grin as he turned his head and body away from the angel beside him in his bed. He cleared the sleep from his throat before he replied.
without even realizing it. I wasted a hell of a lot of time driving back roads in life, I don't wanna do it without my permission in death, especially if the roads I’m driving are only, like, five miles long. It's messed up, man.” Cas nodded slowly.
He thought of Castiel walking into the water, disappearing as his body disintegrated, leaving behind nothing but his trenchcoat. Taking it from car to car, motel to motel just in case Cas returned.
"I don't know" Jack interjected "I feel like I prefer how things are now, in comparison to how it used to be".
“Big night?” Sam asked as he shuffled over toward the toilet. Dean pulled his toothbrush out of his toiletry bag atop the sink, where he had placed it before heading off to the pie festival just the day before.
"What are you thinking about?" Castiel asked, interrupting Dean's thoughts. Dean peered at him. Cas' blue eyes shone at him, full of concern.
“Lucky for them”, Ash motioned with his eyes over to where the angels huddled in the corner nearby, Dean’s stomach tightened. “I am a man of the people and therefore am delighted that the plebs can share all of the pleasures heaven really has to offer.” Dean nodded as he raised his glass.
“I feel like I should have worn leather chaps or something”, He stared down at his dark blue jeans, and began picking at a thread on the sleeve of his plain black t-shirt.
"I swear to god, Sammy, if you say another damn word I'll break your nose". Dean eyed Sam desperately, willing him to turn around, leave the room, and never mention anything again.
“The bunker is here already.” Cas smiled again, unconvincingly this time. “I’m sure Jack would be more than happy for you to stay in your room”. His eyes flicked between Dean and the window as if he was scared to look at him for too long. Dean sat staring at Castiel. He was excited at the prospect of seeing Jack but was also confused about how exactly that would be possible, considering the last he’d heard, Jack was still claiming to be hands-off. Dean had figured Jack’d dematerialized back into pure energy or something after he appeared in his dream, but now, it’d seemed that wasn't the case. He was unable to truly worry about that though because he found himself unable to ignore Cas’s horrible attempt at a fake smile. He wanted to question it but felt unable to speak up, as his thoughts turned to the very likely possibility that it had something to do with the last time they had seen each other... and Dean wasn’t sure he was ready to bring that up yet, especially now that he’d downed more liquor than he’d had in a long ass time; he wasn’t sure he’d be able to keep his shit together. Castiel dragged his gaze back to Dean, his eyes flitting across his face.
“If there was time, if I was strong enough, I’d fix him now.” The original Castiel explained, desperately hoping to gain some kind of absolution from the man that he now realized he should have clung to as an ethical compass; his north star for morality, an unshakable myriad of human emotions contained in a single body, with a lifetime of making the only right decisions in these types of dilemmas. “I just wanted to make amends before I die”. Dean turned toward him again, this time a small fire flared in his emerald eyes. He sighed deeply.
"You just make it so unfairly easy," He remarked, placing a hand over Dean's cheek and leaning in to kiss him.
“I-- I honestly don’t know. I think it was more of an implied thing?” Dean smiled and narrowed his eyes playfully at the angel beside him, “I was liquored up and angry and it's all kind of a blur now.” He laughed.
“I would tell you that you have nothing to be afraid of, but I wouldn’t want to make you feel weak”. Cas blinked, trying to hide his smile.
be there for me; protecting me! God, I wish--” He took a deep breath in, “I wish I never met you, man. I really do.” Dean paced toward the side of the bridge, loose stones crunched against the concrete under his feet. He grabbed at the railing to steady himself, his whole body threatened to give out.
“Yeah, a group of teens were Gossip Girl-ing in line at the cafe. One of them was going on about how people keep asking her for info on their friend’s... neighbors?" he shrugged, "Apparently, yesterday they were found drained of blood, their two kids are missing too. This girl was really loving all the attention but, you know”, Sam walked over to Dean and handed him the coffee, “she was doing the whole “It’s sick that people keep asking me about this'' shtick... while giving out all the facts to anyone who will listen.” Sam groaned as he sat on the edge of his bed.
“Wow, Crowley. You’re actually kind'a nice as Death. How does that work?”. Dean asked, squinting at the man beside him. Crowley grinned as if thinking of an inside joke.
When the timing was right Dean said a quick “bye” to Crowley and staggered his way from the bar, down the street, and into the restaurant where he’d promised he’d meet up with his parents. He tried to push down the nervous thoughts that bubbled up in his mind and instead try to remind himself that a family dinner out at a restaurant was something he never even dreamed of as a possibility. Sure, they were a child short, all dead, and stuck with the annoying and ever-present reminder that the food they were consuming wasn't even real food, but it was a family dinner nevertheless. Dean walked in through the front doorway where he was then stopped by a busboy in shorts, suspenders, and a bowtie, who asked him what name his booking was under. Dean replied an awkward
"You gotta excuse my sister, she's socially inept." She extended her hand toward him. "I'm Deanna. What's your name?" She asked, pitching her voice in her best imitation of a preschool teacher. Sam sighed and plonked herself back into the brown armchair again.
I’m just stressed about going to see my folks later after you made shit weird last night.” Dean knew this was a low blow but Castiel was standing too close to him. He needed space, he needed to break something or go for a drive or
Dean had sobered up but his appetite had vanished. He stared at the food on his plate and moved it around a little with his fork. The tables in the library had all been pushed together and covered in plates. Everyone sat around filling their stomachs and filling each other in on momentous events they'd each missed out on. Dean sat in silence down on the corner of the table, closest to the entrance. He could feel Sam's eyes on him every now and again and tried to ignore it but he could feel himself shift under the weight of it... He was already ashamed he'd let himself get that messy earlier in front of his little brother and just knowing that when everyone left the bunker for the night he'd have a pile of vomit filled clothes and a puddle of puke to clean didn't make him feel any better.
