When he found the fawn he called Sam, because, while Dean was supportive, Sam was the one who researched things and he wasn’t sure what to do. Besides, Dean had asked Cas to come with him to therapy that day, since they were going to talk about John.
It was dark, the thick sort of darkness that pressed against the windows and choked the orb weaver’s webs.
It got Cas to grin again, the small genuine kind that Dean treasured almost as much as the angel himself. Dean moved to his forehead, to his temples and down to his cheeks, his lips and neck. Gentle, tidy kisses that drifted down the angel’s chest and lower. Dean placed a hand on Cas’s hip and looked up. Cas nodded enthusiastically and Dean kissed his member with the same gentle reverence before taking his member in his mouth, just as gently. He held Cas’s hand and traced the muscles of his thighs, coming up for air every once in a while, to kiss Cas’s eyelids. It was slow and marvelous, Cas was still, but gasping as his body tensed to the point it shook before it melted and Dean took all he could give.
When he finally took Jack fishing, they released the fish after Jack stared in horror when Dean went to kill them, and Sam laughed at his brother. Dean got chicken strips and used the fish spices on them. It was good.
The hunt had been a simple salt and burn. A little girl this time, with a story she said only Dean would understand but never told. So now Cas was hovering while pretending he wasn’t hovering in the front seat beside Dean and Jack was getting more anxious than normal beside Sam in the back. But Sam didn’t know how to explain Dean’s silence, not with him sitting directly in front of them. Especially since it had been so common after Cas died and he’d been angry then. His world had shattered yet again and even though the glue was back in his hands he still needed time to fit the few pieces that hadn’t yet been ground to dust together again.
Jack started to pass out plates of toast, “I already packed the coolers, and tried to make peanut butter and jelly sandwiches, Sam told me that they were your favorite, Cas, but the peanut butter is stickier than I thought it would be and tore the bread. Also, the pie smelled weird and was kinda slimy so I put it back in the fridge, I don’t think it’s good anymore but I wasn’t sure.”
was to bringing home another body to burn, it didn’t matter if Cas was there or not. Dean was slipping away from both of them and there were only a few things left to try.
“He made a deal with a demon to bring me back to life.” Sam tried to keep his voice soft, but it came out bitter and sharp.
“We’re in here, Jack.” Cas’s voice emanated from Dean’s mancave as he walked by and he stopped to peer inside. It was a place Dean had made specifically to have a quiet, non-bedroom space with Cas, going so far as to keep it a secret from Sam and then decided that it was better with family. There was a recliner that Jack, following Dean’s lead, never sat in properly (it had been a competition for a while, which one of them could sit the most incorrectly and frustrate Sam and Cas the most. Jack won when he realized his wings were strong enough to hold him in the air with no more effort than propping himself up with his arms required.) There was also a bright orange beanbag the Nephilim fell in love with at the store that had appeared shortly afterwards. It was his favorite chair because it wrapped around him like a hug and he could lean against his both his fathers’ legs. Not that they wouldn’t give him hugs if he asked for it, it was just nice sometimes to have only a little touch. Too much got overwhelming sometimes.
“I don’t.” he whispered, melting. “I focus on Sammy and wait like a goddamn military wife. Except you can pick up the phone and call if you wanted to and you never do.” His gaze was sharp, teeth and knives guarding his soft soul. Raised as fiercely as an army of guardian angels ready to shred itself to pieces if Castiel made the wrong move and something in the angel’s chest, something like a soul, clenched at the thought.
Jack made human friends too, friends that wandered in and out and made Gabriel nervous, made him retreat to the shadows to watch for almost a year until he pulled out a game of Cards Against Humanity and played with them, holding his cards out quietly over the hot chocolate with a thin smile. He still only spoke to Sam, only when it was necessary, but sometimes he murmured into one of the dog’s fur.
It was his turn now, after all. He could make Dean shudder and shout and he knew, now, that those things were good. That a whimper usually meant Dean was happily overwhelmed and not in pain. That a shout meant Dean was truly overwhelmed in the best of ways. That movement wasn’t driven by pain and he reveled in it.
. I had to listen. The whole goddamn time. Do you have any idea what that was like? DO YOU? I was stuck. I can’t fly and I didn’t have a phone. And you were dead. And yeah, I get it. This whole goddamn world fucking sucks. I know you don’t want to be here anymore. I know. But you don’t fucking leave by your own hand. Do you understand?”
’ and ‘style’ is redundant,” Sam smarms as they pass Jamie’s post on their way out, earning him indignation and a shoulder-shove from Dean. They’re both smiling, though, as they push through the building’s exit.
It’s done. Crowley is gone, and Gabriel went…somewhere. Kind of him, Castiel thinks distantly, to remove Lilith’s body from his apartment in the process. Castiel drains his glass, takes up the bottle to pour another drink.
She’d surreptitiously watched as the pair seemed to settle in for the long haul, setting up camp with a laptop, newspapers, and even a couple books. Rebecca, their server and Jamie’s casual friend from school – a comradery recently strengthened through a shared despair over the necessity of a shitty summer job – had raised her eyebrows at Jamie as she’d passed after taking their order, mouthing an astonished
“Next time,” Dean says, reaching up to pull off the tie and revealing Cas’s beautiful, smiling eyes, “next time, I’m gonna actually see you come.”
Dean’s organizing receipts at the counter when Krissy plops herself down directly opposite. Dean resolutely does not look up.
But what about the slaves, poor bastards! No way would I work for some asshole who made me walk around sticky and covered in bees, what the hell?!
Sam’s out all day falling down the Alice in Demonland rabbit hole to nowhere, Bobby’s a goddamn enabler who keeps pushing case leads to other hunters, and here I am stuck in this pit of a motel with jack-shit to do! I’m going freaking crazy!
“Wow, Castiel,” Gabriel says from where he now stands, sharing the room with Castiel, Crowley, and a fourth; a female kneeled at the archangel’s feet, effectively restrained by the hold Gabriel has on her long, shining blonde hair. “Do I have to do
Dean’s hips hitch into the mattress on an aborted roll, breath catching on the exhale in something dangerously close to a whimper, but now’s definitely not the time to be thinking about
“Come on,” Sam says as he somehow maneuvers all eight foot twenty of himself out of the booth. “We can head that way and see what kind of info we can scrounge up.”
“Shuddup,” Dean roughly returns, swiping a quick thumb under one eye. “Sun’s in my eyes, c’mon, you know how it is.”
“Cool,” Juan says, distracted, fiddling with the touch screen – new iPhone, sweet – to blow up the picture to get a good look at exactly where the breaks in the lines of the pentagram lie. Before he gets started, though, “The trace’ll take me ‘bout 15, 20
Dean groans as he lies down across the front bench, stiff from grave digging and the drive. “Watch your feet, Sammy,” he grumbles. “Scuff the leather and you’re a dead man.”
“Dean,” Cas grits, hot and urgent. “You— I need—” and instead of words he bites into the crook where Dean’s neck meets shoulder, hand working between them to wrap tight and wet around Dean’s sorely neglected dick.
“I’ve, um, been making significant progress in the translations you requested. As you suspected, the text is obviously a demonic lexicon of sorts. Though, strangely, the order of the entries seems to suggest a running history of demonic, psudo-familial ties: a hierarchy that reads almost as a genealogy, it’s quite intere—”
then: the frustrated strike of a closed fist against drywall, or maybe the tired drop of a heavy head against cheap, hollow wood.
The woman slants Dean a commiserative look, which Dean can’t help but return with a grin, something much more genuine and comfortable than his typical customer service fare. “Sorry,” she repeats.
Emmanuel, in his free time, has taken on the chore of laundry. He opens the lid of the washer and indeed, the first wash cycle is complete, had passed in what seemed the blink of an eye.
“Well,” Sam says as he carefully extracts the SIM card from his own cell, “if Gordon knows our cell numbers, he can use the signal to track us down.”
Dean ignores him, ignores the begging born of desperation and the warmth radiating from his shoulder and god
So, long story short, it looks like our town resident Glenn Close pulled a little witchy weirdness to off her lover’s wife before really going off the rails to kill lover boy then herself.
he knows what ‘down’ means, stupid fucking corgi. Cas’s knees begin to shake minutely under Dean’s bracing grip.
Castiel hides his smile behind his glass, concedes a nod. He takes another sip, says, quiet, “Thank you.”
Sam rattles out a groan and Dean huffs a laugh. Yeah, Dean's totally the one being overdramatic, here.
Dean huffs a laugh. “Dick,” he repeats, and impulsively drops a kiss to the mole taunting him from the swell of Cas’s right pec. He catches up with himself and immediately shies, pulling back and mildly embarrassed because yeah, okay, the dude may have just slapped Dean with some of the best sex he’s ever had, but there’s no need to get frickin’
Juan grins down at his paper and begins to draw. Yeah, dude’s a little strange, but definitely not one of Juan’s strangest. “Alright, Castiel, let’s hook you up.”
“I’d like to remind you, Dean, that I made no promise to leave. I won’t. I promised to love you. I promised to be there for you, always. When I find you, and I
He hears again a short clip of Dean speaking, some response too quiet and brief for Sam to make out the individual words. He
“Okay, Dean,” Sonny says, and goes on to walk him through the process. Where to find the soap and scrubbing brushes; the drain stopper and the waist apron for soaking up splashes and the flexible, removable spray nozzle for rinsing; what’s fine to leave on the rack versus what should be dried by hand. Dean listens, his inner
some guy txts u saying hes bleeding all over the place and u strike up a conversation? stick with it? i woulda chalked my ass up as crazy and said fuck off
– head falling to the seat backrest, mouth open and panting; already fucking losing it and he’s barely gotten started.
Juan only waves him off, embarrassment giving way to good-natured bluster. “Ah, it’s nothin’. Ri won’t be done with her thing any time soon, anyways.” Juan pulls a clean sheet of paper and points a firm finger towards the couches of the shop’s waiting area.
Dean hears the distinctive squeak of tennis shoes on concrete and turns, just in time to see Cas himself come through the door.
Well, you’re not wrong. This dude definitely has more tricks up his sleeve than anything we’ve ever seen before.
words that make no goddamn sense and dig into Dean with every thought, scoop him hollow and leave him raw and hurt and so fucking empty because Dean’s tried, tried so damn hard to be okay, to accept what’s coming and stay strong for Sam but now he knows this is it, this is the thing that breaks him. Or at the very least leaves him sleepless and stupid, because here he is again, a seventh night in a row restless, missing Cas like air (and how fucked up is that, what is he
“Hi,” Dean returns, cautiously stepping forward. Now indoors, he unlocks and collapses his cane, choosing to focus on the warm scent of toasted bread and distant clink of cutlery rather than the hostess’s soft, involuntary “oh,” as she registers the walking guide and the meaning behind it. “My brother’s on the patio?”
“I— No, I—” Dean stammers, finally drawing out of Cas’s grip to clutch at the doorframe behind him, groping for the knob.
The vessel holding Castiel is not one of the chosen to survive the coming Flood; though one of his kin, a child and an innocent, is. The lineage of Castiel’s true vessel is not destined to die with this man, and Castiel is glad, in a way. Humanity, such as it is –
– but, really, 'last night on earth' is a Winchester’s Tuesday. He’s got no intention of dying tomorrow. And neither will Cas, if Dean’s got anything to say about it.
Cas again catches Dean’s hand and presses his fingers to Cas’s bared torso, high on his right side. “Yellow daffodils,” he says, his guiding touch and gravel voice slowly painting a picture in Dean’s mind’s eye of the art which stains his skin. Their fingers reach the ends of the daffodil stems then sweep back high, an elegant bow of complimenting curves. “Bluebells and lavender.”
Dean gets up to wander at the half of the sixth – ostensibly to explore the stadium, privately wanting the space to quietly freak without feeling like a fucking creep – and ends up in the Sports Store. He spends more time hovering indecisively than shopping, but eventually forks out the cash for his purchase and hurriedly makes his way back into the stands before he completely loses his nerve.
Cas hides a smile into the nape of Dean’s neck. “I’m reasonably sure you’ve asked that question before.”
human emotion could be. The relief of it: Dean’s voice quenching a different sort of thirst entirely.
Dean continues to rock into Cas’s mouth, deeper and deeper with each pass until he can very definitely feel himself hitting the back of Cas’s throat, fluttering and tight and so fucking good. He knows he’s pushing past what most people would be able to give, knows it’s too much too soon but Cas takes it all the same.
Dean immediately leans up to strip his shirts, which has the added benefit of riding his cock hard into the crease of Cas’s hip, stupidly good. “You too,” he says, breathless, struggling out of his tee. “Wanna see you, too.”
“Uh,” Dean stumbles, still trying to get a look around as they draw up to the big sink, one side stacked half-high with scraped-clean dishes and dirty cutlery. “Dean.”
Sam then – in a show of great magnanimity – slowly and deliberately turns away, leaving Dean to glare ineffectually at his back.
months had, frankly, sucked ass. It wasn't what Dean wanted, isn’t what Dean would have chosen, but he went through the motions; did it for Sam. Weeks of hunting down Bela and the Colt and coming up with nothing. Weeks of interrogating demons for information on Dean’s deal, and nothing. 30 hours to Dean’s due? Bobby unearths a supposedly foolproof tracking spell to get a bead on Lilith, and
Sam quietly checked the moderately empty fridge and chucked the month old, barely touched cherry pie into the trash as Jack continued to list the long, increasingly strange list of items he had packed, which included flour to lay across the path and trace the footprints of the suspected zombie. Sam didn’t know where the idea came from, but it made Dean smile, just a little. They still left it on the counter.
“Give me that!” The hunter grumpily hunkered down, stared his brother directly in the eyes, and methodically popped every remaining bubble. “Friken Clown motel.”
“You two seriously ready already?” Dean leaned backwards in his chair, tilting his head and shoulders back instead of turning to look at them properly as Cas scowled. The chair snapped upright with a flick of Cas’s wrist, and Dean turned to shoot him a glare.
And it was good until an officer was found dead near dawn and Jack rushed over to wake Dean up. If it had been Sam it would have been fine. Sam had been to hell for a century, Sam knew torture. But Dean had protected Sam from much, much more than he wanted to acknowledge. And Dean associated being shaken awake with pain, with threat.
He said nothing to the horribly familiar voice. And nothing to Sam. He just drove to what was most likely the next thing to kill, the thing that had stolen Cas’s voice and probably wore his face. The thing that was his next chance.
How many finalities had Jack missed? He’d finally seen just a glimpse of Dean through the darkness that had swallowed him whole, just enough to know that the man his father had once known was in there. He thought that once Cas was back the angel could peel the dark back, could scare it away just by existing. The angel was nothing but light and warmth and security after all, but it was still there, stuck like pine sap on skin and covered in dirt.
“Is it the thing that happened on the last hunt? Before Cas came back? You were worried last night.”
It seemed strange for a baby to be left all alone, but Sam said it was okay, so Jack just sat and waited nearby. Held his breath until the doe came back. The second fawn was by the road, and they found a rehab center to take it in.
“I don’t know.” Dean replied slowly. He stared at the walls and the walls stared back. Dozens of weeping clowns, interspersed with paintings of white geese in pastel dresses, watched the diner’s guests as the ate their meals quickly, hunched around their food as if it could protect them.
Dean had said, had promised like a broken record, he would never kick Cas to the curb again, but he had done it enough that when Cas looked at him, truly looked at him, he saw the man who had kicked him to the curb a thousand times before. It was a long line and no matter what good Dean had done, it stood unbroken against the dark.
They pulled in and Jack rushed to help Dean unload. Dean, who had a tendency to avoid any form of help when he wasn’t as vulnerable as the silence left him, tried to shoulder everything until Cas glared at him and pulled a few bags from his shoulders. It was fitting.
Jack would smile at them and they would flit closer and closer and he gave Dean the puppy eyes and Dean bought him a little bag of birdseed to keep in the trunk. After that Jack would creep past their beds when he woke up and sit outside, birdseed spread across his body. Cas would join him if Dean wasn’t holding him too tight. Dean would tease him a little, with a warm grin and a ruffling of his hair.
But it was cold in the room, the sort of cold that settled nicely against blankets but seeped through coats. He didn’t like the cold either. The Empty had been a floor of ice, like a darkened heaven. He knew too many cold places.
It was best not to think about that right now, not with Jack leaning forward with worried eyes, reaching his grace around Castiel’s curiously. “I’m not upset about the monster movies. Dean and I used to watch them a lot before you were born.”
The same way his own essence called for the love of the family he had once held dear. His brothers and sisters and siblings who had just wanted to follow orders and left him behind. Pursued him into the harshest depths of heaven and hell. Re-educated him the same way John had educated Dean.
He was rewarded with a genuine smile, and they made their way to the crime scene, attempting to look as un-couple-like as they possibly could. The double-take the sheriff gave them told the angel they had failed, but Dean was enjoying himself, slipping into a role and accent Cas had only heard in… Other situations. Situations that made him smile to think about.
The vial of grace was still where he’d left it on the stump he used as a desk sometimes. Coated in the browned bloodstains, fingerprints he could never forget and wished desperately that he could despise. Love wasn’t enough. It never was.
“The kid tried to cook again.” The hunter mumbled, and dropped his guard to glance at the angel with muzzy eyes. Cas stood and pulled him into a hug, and a kiss. Dean had dubbed the move a “hiss” once at three am when they were sprawled on the bed and drunk on comfort, not whisky— with lives like theirs true safety could be just as inebriating. Dean had declared it to be the best method of kissing.
“And the rest of it? The stuff from tonight he might expect more of?” Dean had to ask, because maybe Novak could forget that Dean’s crotch was full of dried come, but Dean sure as shit couldn’t.
He was wide awake now. Probably wouldn’t fall asleep again for quite a while, given how hard his heart was pounding in his ears. He wondered if Cas could hear it through the phone. There was a tremulous lull in the conversation. Distinctly, over his own racing pulse, he could hear the soft puffs of Castiel’s breath.
“Cas. Then you must call me by my given name,” she pronounced her name in her native tongue. Cas started looking flighty again. Dean had no idea how the man had managed to survive a long-term relationship with Meg Masters. (From the anecdotes, he gathered it was a near thing.)
Cas had to admit that assessment was correct, though he was less certain he’d agree with any of Balthazar’s midnight bad ideas. Going from past experience, the rate at which they got worse was inversely proportional to how recently Balthazar had gotten any sleep. Also to how good Balthazar thought the ideas were.
For once, Balthazar didn’t seem to take much joy in dashing his hopes. “Man, you really have been checked out all evening, haven’t you? The cabin’s going canoeing tomorrow, we’re leaving early and having a ‘camp breakfast’ at the lake before we head out. I wouldn’t count on us being back for dinner, either.”
Even when they’re fighting and he throws every resentment he has behind the goal of hurting Cas, he keeps it to himself. It rises up his throat like bile, chokes him along with all the other bitter, sour doubts, but this one he holds back. This one, he worries, would hurt him more than it would Cas.
“No matter what,” she told him seriously, securing the rope attached to the crate of weapons across her shoulders. “If you feel yourself falling away, call out to me. These acquisitions are not nearly as precious a cargo as you.”
Behind him, the kid exhaled in annoyance. “Fine. I won’t say what I was going to. But only because you sort of hold our lives in your hand right now.”
Cas appreciates having a name put to the man almost as much as he appreciates Meg not saying anything else after it. He’s too busy being entranced by Dean Winchester preparing for his ride.
When he found himself in a room that was far too bright, he slipped a few bottles into his bag. Remuneration. For the shitty pay. He could probably switch the labels and sell them off to a chemist. Or to Gabe and his research team.
When his phone rang on a routine night, he blindly fumbled around the nightstand and accepted the call without checking the caller ID. Barely conscious, he mumbled out a slow countdown, rubbing the sleep from his eyes.
“Dean,” Cas rasped. He winced, moving to sit up. Dean found himself drawing closer, one hand reaching under to lift him to a seat against the pillows. “What . . .” his voice seemed to give out, lips moving wordlessly.
But at least it would’ve been something to do. He’d spent the past two weeks sitting on his ass—at least they’d let him keep the desk he chose—or pacing the airless dungeon he had to call home. It was almost enough to make him lose his goddamn mind with the boredom. The only thing even approaching excitement was when he had to occasionally put up with a lecture or test from Novak about the intricacies of the Styne hierarchy, but even that made him feel restless and useless. Meanwhile, Turner didn’t seem to care one way or another if Dean learned shit but was equally unwilling to let Dean anywhere near the equipment. Even Lafitte, once when the two of them were alone and a call came in, offered him a sympathetic smile but still picked up the headphones without giving Dean a chance to listen in.
“I’m sure you won’t. Now, I do want to throw you right in, but we can at least introduce the rest of the team before we get to cases. You’ve met Cas—”
Still, if he was human, he was the most heavily modded human Dean had ever seen. And he’d busted an illegal chop shop that specialized in turning desperate young men and women into robot fetish wet dreams—for about six months, until the combination of hack-job surgeries, dirty drugs, and abuse killed them. Then their parts were cannibalized for the next round of victims.
he signs, slow over the letters because the man doesn’t know much, but Dean’s gathered he’s at least got his ABCs.
and Castiel is glad, so glad for the anger; the only thing to shield him from the devastating, immeasurable
“Please, I only need to know you’re alright, that you didn’t jump into something bigger than you knew you could handle. Please.”
“Yes, Dean?” Cas murmurs, lips pressed warm to the bolt of Dean’s jaw. Again, skimming a barely-there brush to the skin of his neck. Again, firmer and a hint of wet, guided by the hand Dean’s got wrapped around the back of Castiel’s neck.
of practice. “Sure thing,” he drawls, making sure to give the lady a leisurely once-over as he rings up the order – a little young for Dean to want to seriously consider it, but not exactly a hardship. “That’ll be…$6.21,” he says with a wink.
Siri directs, and Dean continues on his way, careful as he can be when navigating downtown foot traffic at midday on a goddamn Sunday. Whatever it is Sam wanted to talk about had better be good, otherwise he’s gonna feel real shitty when he ends up visiting his concussed brother at the hospital after Dean gets sideswiped by some jackass on a Google motor scooter.
Dean’s amusement eventually calms, though he makes no move to crank the car. He hadn’t expected Cas’s first foray into the pleasures of the flesh to be cut so short, and he probably needs a few minutes to ride out the buzz of two beers downed in less than a half hour before attempting the drive back. For now, he’s content to lay his head back against the seat and enjoy the moment.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean shakily greets as Cas steps up to the counter; one part bravado buried under two parts
, right at the moment Dean knows he’s gonna tip over Cas suddenly has both hands planted firmly on his ass and he
Dean scoffs, lifts his head and sees that Cas’s eyes are closed, face tilted up and lips slightly curved: the picture of contentment.
The signal chirps as it turns and Dean steps forward to cross, the click-clack of the woman’s heels pulling ahead at a speed that makes Dean snort in mild amusement. He hits the opposite sidewalk just as the countdown begins to beep its way down to the turn to stop – and say what you will about Palo Alto, but there’s no denying their APS game is seriously on-point.
Dean freezes in his tracks but Cas still hasn’t moved, is exactly where he was a breath before. “Holy shit,” Dean says, quiet and still, like one wrong move and Cas really will disappear. The strange tangibility of the empty space at Cas’s back pulses, then settles. “Are those your wings?”
Dean sighs explosively. “I don’t know, man! It just—” a vague, waving hand gesture, “it feels good, you know?”
Sam, miraculously, says nothing. He instead opts to make his feelings abundantly clear by hunkering down in his seat, arms crossed and pretending to settle in for sleep while really just huffing and puffing his way into a proper sulk. Dean elects to forget the original plan of heading to Bobby’s and keeps them decisively pointed west, resolutely ignoring the heaviness in his chest.
. And fuck knows when or why or how but somewhere along the way Cas became someone who does matter; a voice in his ear and words on a screen that have somehow become the best part of his day. Cas is someone he can talk to (
is his first thought, which is hilarious and absurd for any number of reasons; not least of which being, at a second glance, the pic isn’t all
Cas stares at the words on the page, some unidentifiable emotion tugging at his mouth as he fists his hand, raises it and signs,
Dean chokes on a humorless laugh. “Figure out what, exactly?” Sam says nothing, and Dean stands to restlessly pace the short spaces between the beds. “If we believe Ruby, this Lilith chick is coming for you,
So when Dean woke up to see Cas – warm and tousled soft and breathing deep in sleep, lymned golden bright in the morning light, lying next to Dean like, like that’s
“Please, Dean? I’m still the new guy up there, and this is my opportunity to make some connections, get to know people!” Sam turns the puppy eyes up to 11. “I don’t want to be the loner friendless loser. Please just come.”
You don’t get to tell me what I know, what I feel. You are my best friend. My most important person. You are
Sam’s face does the thing it does when he thinks Dean is being overdramatic. Dean rolls his eyes on principle alone.
Since Dean’s got nothing better to do – or that’s what he tells Sonny, anyways – he spends the next hour wiping down counters and bussing tables, and before he knows it the clock reads ten past and, Dean realizes, time to go.
The man eyes Dean, speculative. “With a kick,” he says, low, and Dean feels his entire face burn in a sudden flush. Man, this guy just doesn’t quit.
Dean tumbles into a fresh bout of laughter. “Well, whad’ya know,” he snickers. “Dreams do come true.”
To humanity’s credit, the base of the structure – the Tower – is certainly wide enough to support an impressively tall edifice if completed. Tall by human standards, in any case.
Gabriel only shrugs, and Castiel, for one, isn’t near inebriated enough to think on the significance of all that may imply.
Cas catches and holds Dean’s gaze as he slowly, deliberately flicks open the top two buttons of his white dress shirt. The cuffs receive the same treatment and Cas rolls up his sleeves. Dean’s suddenly having no little amount of trouble remembering how to breathe.
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean says, patting around until he finds Gabriel’s head, roughing his hand over the entirely of the corgi’s face and snout in a clumsy pet before gently pushing him to the side, “I see ya’.”
Dean bites back a laugh, flicking a look to the man at her side, who’s either oblivious to or completely unconcerned with his – wife? girlfriend? co-worker? – companion’s blatant flirting.
Castiel’s hands pause; a beat of sweet anticipation before he obeys, pulling down the boxers until his cock springs free.
Dean draws up to the curb, his cane resting lightly at its edge. There’s a woman to his left complaining loudly into her phone – the tinny replies from her equally impassioned conversation partner obvious even from a distance – and a group casually chatting to his right. He waits, sun warming his shoulders and back and humming idly to the low sounds of passing traffic.
“I like it here,” he says, halting and low and painfully sincere. “You learning of my disability…surprised me, though I should not have left like I did. I also…don’t know sign language.” He drops his gaze at the open surprise that must show on Dean’s face, repeats, “I’m sorry.”
If the demon wishes to leave, he’ll have to walk. Castiel, however, has larger concerns. “Gabriel, what—?”
specifically, and we have no idea why, or who she even is! We’re no closer to finding the Colt than we were a goddamn month ago, and we still have
“Hello, Dean,” Cas says. His hands rise to lightly grip the counter’s edge. A second later they loosen and fall, fingers fidgeting with the sleeves of his coat.
Before he can think much of it, though, Castiel darts him an uneasy glance and palms uncomfortably at the back of his neck as he reluctantly passes over the phone.
Castiel immediately turns, intent to run, and the man is between him and the door in the space of a blink, confirming Castiel’s fears. Castiel’s eyes drop to the stranger’s feet, heels inches from the devil’s trap hidden beneath the welcome rug, and realizes his mistake a split-second too late. He attempts to disguise the tell; drags his eyes up from the floor in a careful once-over of the man’s appearance.
He opens a door at random and is instantly rooted to the ground, breath caught in his throat. Dean doesn’t know what he was expecting, after Bobby, after what Jeremy told Sam, but…
“Let me,” Cas slurs into the skin of Dean’s thigh, fingers pressing on a torturous tease. “Just, let me,” and Dean’s not exactly sure of the what, here, but he nods, and Cas continues to mouth at his leg and groin, his two-day stubble a delicious scrape against his oversensitive skin, and finally,
He hits up his locker between English and U.S. Government, trading his untouched notebook for the brick of a History text that’s typically more trouble than it’s worth. Dean tugs out a half-completed worksheet from between its pages, due at the door.
“Yes,” Castiel repeats a third time. “There were many angels stationed on Earth in the years leading up to the birth of the Son. The
Dean looks to Cas as if he’s sprouted all three extra heads, and perhaps his wings to boot, but gamely takes the blade to make a small cut at the back of his own wrist. Castiel reaches down to snap the button of one of the (many) pockets of the cargo pants he’s learned to wear to withdraw a flask, splashes the salted holy water across his and Dean’s wound in turn.
open and raw. Small, thick noises of pained desperation escape him with every shaky push of his hips, and he breaks their kiss to hide his face in Dean’s neck.
Castiel spares a thought to mourn a job left undone, but allows Dean to take his hand and drag him from the laundry room regardless. He is, as always, forever willing to follow where this man may lead.
“Damn right, I care.” Dean says, losing steam. “I care enough not to bring that shit to his door. I owe him that much, at least.”
doesn’t want to be subjected to another 45-minute rant over the survivalist fails and crime-against-canon discrepancies in the novel-to-film adaptation of
and done, time again to wait. Emmanuel lays his hands lightly to the top of the washer, the running machine only partially to blame for the tremble of his fingers. The strange thoughts disperse as mist, gone as if they'd never occurred.
Castiel sighs down at the culinary disaster in question. The pie’s edges are burnt beyond edibility, and at some point in the baking process the pastry seemed to have…cracked, an entire half of the top crust sunken into the creamy (oh, fine,
Cas catches on quick. He continues to swipe the pad of his thumb over his nipple, slow and exploratory, and Dean can oh-so-easily imagine the feel of it, that sweet little nub hardening under his own fingers. Cas changes it up, lets the rough edge of his nail catch on a sharp flick and a dark, punched-out growl catches in his throat as his hips jerk up into nothing and Dean is gone, gone, gone.
Dean throws out a hand, searching the tangled sheets for the bottle of lube but Cas beats him to it, picks it up and pops the top with a definitive
The man’s nose scrunches in apparent distaste. “Raisins,” he grumbles, then drops his eyes, withdrawing into quiet contemplation of, presumably, appropriate greens-based Thanksgiving offerings.
Castiel sways slightly under Dean’s hand, now roughly clasped to his shoulder. Letting himself be moved, yes, but Castiel discovered early on that the hunter would sooner cause himself harm than learn to curb these strange, sharp and insistent touches. “C’mon, Cas,” he says, steering Castiel away and ignoring completely Sam’s offended, pouting huff of breath. “I’m gonna teach you a little somethin’ somethin’.”
” she demands, turning to face her companion before immediately swivelling back to Dean with a quick “sorry,” then again to the man, “Salad? Casserole? No one brings plain steamed broccoli to a Thanksgiving!”
cheering like the winning run just slid in home, but Dean barely hears it over the rush of blood in his ears, the smell of peanuts and taste of salt on his lips.
“Wow. Okay, so. One: I haven't been hooking in years, that's… It’s in the past. I did what I had to do to feed the kid but I'm not— I'm not
Dean’s hands pull deeper down in his jacket pockets, forearms a protective, relieving pressure bracketing his grumbling gut. “No, sir,” he mumbles, bracing for the
Dean pulls his M1911 and silently steps to the door, hoping but not really expecting that Sam’s simply back early from the clusterfuck of a situation the local sheriff's office calls a records room. Hey, maybe his hands are just too full with the Mexican takeout Dean demanded for dinner to open the door himself.
Dean stuffs his phone in his pocket with a huff, rolling his eyes at the world at large over his brother’s passive aggressive prissiness. But that’s Sam, predictable as ever, and Dean was counting on being on his own tonight. He pulls the thick envelope from his jacket, looking down at it with something tight in his chest; a something that feels suspiciously like yearning for opportunities lost.
But, yeah, that’s what it LOOKS like, though Sam and I aren’t so sure there’s not a little witch-on-witch violence going on.
“Sam,” says Cas, “is fine with it.” He turns earnest eyes to the traitor in question. “Loyola has a terrific religious studies program. You’d be a wonderful candidate for a work-study at any Graduate level.” And that’s got Sam looking
“Dean,” Castiel grits, using the hallway table to laboriously haul himself back to his feet. “Sam.” And all the awe and exhilaration and feelings of
Castiel, the little shit, keeps his glare firmly locked on Dean the entire way through jerkily removing the suit jacket. He pointedly drops it in the minimal space between them.
They both stare, a beat long enough it occurs to Dean he might’ve fucked up. Then the scruffy brunette takes a step forward and the redhead’s expression lights on something downright
” Castiel corrects, earlier irritation suddenly returning full force. He does not, he’s discovered, find cross-country driving nearly as enjoyable as Dean would have led him to believe. “The restless spirit in Tuscaloosa was mostly an accident.” He pauses, considering. “The werewolf in Lexington, slightly less so.”
Dean’s fingertips press lightly at Castiel’s jaw, his cheek, his plush, slack mouth and he hooks them in without a thought; pulling at Cas’s teeth as he falls further open, so fucking easy.
They turn as one to Crowley. For a drawn, weighted moment the demon keeps his silence, eyes on Lilith all the while.
Five minutes later finds Dean sliding into the booth opposite Sam at the Denny’s across the highway. Because it’s Sam, and of course he’s already set up camp 7 AM on a fucking Tuesday. Jesus Christ.
In an instant, the very air around them goes suffocatingly, stiflingly tight. Castiel has less than a second to worry this is it – this is his end, dead at the hands of the demon he summoned of his own free will – before something gives, a
Sam twists in his seat to face Dean, all curious eyes and poorly-concealed smirk, “Yeah, Dean,” he says, signing as he speaks. “What was that?”
Dean fairly collapses into the driver’s seat, breathless from the fits of laughter he still can’t quite get a grip over. Castiel, on the other hand, folds into the passenger’s side much more sedately – each movement slow, with the sense of heavy deliberation the angel tends to apply to most things he does; like even the simple act of getting into a car is a strange and novel experience.
Dean sets the grinder to go for the espresso then sets up two cups for pour overs. Dripper, filter, two scoops grinds, repeat. Dean fills a single long-spouted kettle from the hot water dispenser and slowly pours over the grinds for each cup, making sure to saturate both the filter and coffee completely before leaving it to drip. Moving over to the espresso machine, Dean takes up a clean portafilter from the drying rack and tamps in a measure of the fresh grind. Two shot glasses down on the drip tray and he lets the machine do its magic, pulling the milk from the fridge under the counter and giving the coffees their second pour in the interim.
Instead, they sit in surprisingly companionable silence; man and angel sharing a drink on the other side of the end of the beginning of the end.
), an unspoken and ongoing mission to forever keep Dean guessing. And fuck if that doesn’t make Dean like him all the more.
Much to Jamie’s disappointment, Rebecca chooses that moment to sidle up to the table with their food, effectively putting the conversation on hold.
. And Dean didn’t really get it, before, but suddenly feels like the General Idea here just up and brained him with a two-by-four.
the blush creeping up his cheeks. “I’m just gonna…” he chucks a thumb at the coffee maker. The guy doesn’t even blink. “Yeah,” Dean says, and flees.
Yeah! Diners always have a Thanksgiving plate special; I’ll have my turkey dinner, but only if you do too.
Dean drops to sit on the bed, seemingly knocked dumb in the wake of all Castiel has divulged. “Cas,” he says, a bare huff of breath. “God, Cas, this is
Castiel’s scowl returns with a vengeance. He thinks of the vetala he shared a train car with on the L, the werewolf couple and the wraith he passed on the three-block walk from the station to the shop. Apparently, the block on Castiel’s angelic memories wasn’t the only shield Gabriel lifted. “It’s been an exceedingly trying evening.”
“Dean?” he hears from further in the apartment, a response to the opening of the door and a voice Dean knows, close and dear.
Emergency extraction. Just give the word and I’ve got you covered with a good ol’ fashioned ‘family crisis’ call, alright?
Dean straightens in his seat, “Hey, I’m serious, here—” and earns a mean pinch to his side for his efforts. “Fuckin’
“Yes,” Cas says, half into the blood-warm skin of Dean’s dick and half into his own fingers. “Yes,” and Dean has no idea if he’d actually said the words aloud or not but Cas is answering him all the same.
There are few things in this world more Hellish than navigating a Wal-Mart at 5 o’clock on a weekday, but sometimes needs must.
“Lilith is dead,” Castiel says, and Dean sucks in a short breath. “Crowley, King of the Crossroads, was your executor and would-be executioner. With Lilith gone, he’s likely the newly crowned King of Hell.”
I dunno, man. It’s all greek to me, but it looks like mostly spells. We just want to make sure there’s nothing too damaging in there that these people might’ve gotten their hands on.
it, not Cas, I told you, I fucking—” and Dean’s chest is too tight, breaths hitching in his throat, air caught with nowhere to go and he can’t, fuck, he can’t
Dean’s not so far up his own ass that he fails to see how monumentally stupid this is. He knows they’re technically in public – the dark and quiet of the late hour, the close and familiar spaces of the Impala only giving the illusion of privacy. He knows he could have – should have – laughed it off, called it a night as soon as they’d stumbled out that back-alley door.
“Dean?” Castiel tries, and the man’s head whips up. His eyes are very, very green. “Dean, what happened?”
“Yes,” Castiel says, and does. He feels calmer than he has in hours. Comfort in action, no matter how small. But his head is too full; the confusion and contingencies and uncertainties and
“I know about the deal,” Castiel says over him, quietly irrefutable, and Dean cuts off so abruptly Castiel imagines he can hear the click of his teeth.
in fact, a noise that’s roused him. Sounds that, after a moment’s puzzling, resolve into the low and muffled burr of his brother’s voice. A voice that’s coming from completely the wrong direction, Sam realizes as he squints across to the tousled – but empty – second bed of their room-of-the-week. Sam shifts his eyes over to the annoyingly harsh red glare of the clock at the bedside table; the blurred numbers informing him that, at 3:04 AM, it’s definitely too early for this shit. Sam flops onto his back with a huff and rolls his head along the pillow to see, sure enough, light spilling out from under the crack of the closed bathroom door.
Dean experiences a momentary panic at the man’s obvious withdrawal, and begins pawing at the pockets of his jeans and apron so frantically he manages to draw back the man’s attention but, god damn it, of course he doesn’t have a pen or notepad on him, Dean hasn’t carried one in years. He hits gold, though, when his searching fingers light upon a receipt slip. He pulls it from his apron and mimes to the man that he needs a pen.
He raises a hand and pauses, fingers poised. He snaps, and the candles along the table extinguish all at once as the overhead lights flare to life. Castiel once again blinks away the stinging pain at the sudden change of brightness.
“Fuck, Cas,” Dean stutters as Cas’s hand drops to palm at his erection, warm and rolling slow, hand feeling impossibly huge over the denim.
Sam huffs but, before he can respond, Jess urgently grabs at Sam’s arm, pointing an enthusiastic finger up and out. “Guys, look!”
Cas’s lips part only enough to let Dean feel a teasing hint of heat before he’s met with the barrier of teeth; mouth pliant but not yet open and Dean immediately pulls away, is for one heart-stopping moment sure Cas has changed his mind, isn’t as okay with this whole clusterfuck of a situation as he let on.
Dean ducks his head under the pretence of resealing the pastry case, scrubs a rough hand across his mouth in an effort to wipe away his reflexive grin. He straightens and meets the man’s knowing smirk with a smile much more controlled, steps to the register to hip-check Charlie standing there, interrupting her mid-greeting.
Okay, no, what, seriously?! These Commandoes up and attack the Lazuli burrow and the Whiskers are just gonna let it fly? Flower needs to shut that shit down!!
Dean grinned at Cas in the dim glow emanating from the bar. “I love everyone in this bar.” Cas smiled at him tugging him closer. Dean pressed a kiss against the corner of his mouth. “And you.”
“So, forgive yourself enough to be mad about dying, and stay.” Jack said, simply. Like it was the easiest thing in the world.
It felt a little too much like the time when the hunter had chased off a man who had been talking to him in a library, standing too close, somehow terrifying but horribly sweet and entirely normal, with the sort of righteous fury he normally reserved for demons. It felt like later that night when he gave Jack “the Talk” that wasn’t the one Sam gave him, hands on his shoulders and emotion flooding the room with a protective desperation that Jack had only seen in life and death situations. “You tell me. Right away,” Dean had said, “If anyone ever touches you, or even makes you uncomfortable you tell me and I will make sure it never happens again.” And in that moment Jack understood Dean’s wrath because in that moment he glimpsed into Dean’s memories and saw the man in the library with different faces, towering over them both in the dark.
“It’ll be okay Cas. We’ll gank this bastard, and we’ll stop by the store on the way home tomorrow. I want to try my hand at making apple pie.” He ruffled Jack’s hair, “You make sure this assbutt keeps safe, got it kiddo?”
“Father really loves Dean.” Jack noted absently. “Should I go to Cas first next time Dean has flashbacks?”
Still. He almost regretted it as he watched his brother panic and mourn through the veil. It had been selfish to do it in front of him, no matter the reason.
“I’m going to bed. I’m so happy you’re back, Father.” Jack pulled him into another hug, wrapping his wings around Cas and holding him for a moment because Cas was starting to shake again. Then he trudged back to his bedroom, saying goodnight to Sam on the way.
Dean blinked and ran his hand down his sleeve, he could feel the leftover scars under the fabric. It made sense. It always made sense. The world wasn’t ending now, things were okay and…
“Oh, Dean.” Cas rushed forwards and pulled him into a hug, gently wiping his face, cradled it so he could try to look into Dean’s wandering eyes. Finally asked the question that had been hanging onto the edge of his lips and hiding in the small spaces and decaying chasms between them.  “Dean, talk to me?”
“You’re a good man. You deserve all the love and affection the world can give you. You deserve good things and you deserve to be saved. You always deserve to be saved. I love you so, so very much. You are good. You are worthy. I promise.” He continued, each word a puff of breath against Dean’s cheek. “You are precious to me.”
“Dean?” Jack tilted his head. It hadn’t been a prayer, it was more of a broadcast of warmth and overwhelming regret. Which was not uncommon for Dean, but not to this degree, not with the way his emotions shone so vibrantly against the silence, as if the desperation to communicate what the man truly felt had ignited them. Jack could sense his frustration and it felt vaguely like Dean wanted to hide and Dean never wanted to hide.
Then Dean wormed out of the hug, letting Sam crush the angel to his chest until he herded Cas and Dean into the back of the car like wayward children who had gotten lost in the cold a little too long.
Cas closed the gap and kissed him roughly, too full of joy to care about the way their teeth knocked and noses smushed, smearing tears on each other’s faces. Dean hummed when the angel pulled back.
“Talked with Cas. He wants me to quit until I get my head on straight.” Dean glanced over at him, “look, I’m sorry, Sammy.”
Castiel pulled out the small roll of bubble wrap, tore a square off and passed it to Dean like a peace offering. Dean tossed it over to Jack before sitting down against Cas. Jack was about to toss it back to Dean when Sam snatched it.
“Technically we already did. Dean got abducted in a cornfield by—” Sam started, his voice lilting like a professor recounting the wild days of his youth.
“So glad to know you can take pleasure in my disappointment.” The angel said finally, tongue running over his lips. He cringed at the molecules lingering there.
The angel smiled at Jack and started to hum, quietly at first but raising his voice in a gentle crescendo. It was how he usually woke the brothers up and it still worked like a charm. He bundled Dean into bed, checked on Sam (who rolled his eyes but grinned anyways) and steered Jack into the other room before taking a seat on the chair by the window so he could stare at the lights in the parking lot.
This was progress. This was Cas pressing every shred of self-preservation into the places John and every other monster had torn it out of and stitching it with love and fury. Dean didn’t listen to Sam, but Cas
He lay Dean onto the bed, stripped him of his clothes and set them in the disorganized laundry pile, neatly folded because that was how Dean usually had them. Pulled off his coat and hung it on the dusty coatrack that had once been in his room. Held his clothes for a moment before deciding that he wanted to wash the empty off them and set them, folded, beside Dean’s. He didn’t turn the light on, didn’t want to share Dean just yet—wanted to stay shrouded, safe, just for a little while, just forever. There was enough light from the hallway, and a beacon from Dean’s soul.
“So what, is this another ‘don’t come back’?” Cas hissed. It wasn’t fair, he knew it wasn’t what Dean meant but it hurt. It always hurt. Like all the other times Dean had given up on him, his prayers dwindling until one last
Dean was quiet sometimes and it was okay. His eyes were no longer dead and empty and that was all that mattered.
“Perhaps they were possessed at a young age and psychologically scarred.” Cas looked over to the three of them and jumped ever so slightly, regaining his composure before Jack noticed. Dean smirked.
Dean’s throat clicked, and Castiel looked up, met his gaze. He took another step onto their burning bridge. Maybe Dean was the one in a bottle, watching the storm calm as water filtered through the cork someone shoved in, a halfhearted attempt to stop him from sinking. It had to be pulled free before it could be restored.
The younger Winchester stared at the toaster. If he stared hard enough, he may just be able to see whatever demon possessed its vintage soul, count the seconds and define its mood before it either viciously ejected its cargo or clung to it like a particularly pissed off bear. The adults all flinched hard when it launched the bread into Sam’s waiting hand like a curse. Which he promptly tossed to Jack and almost turned around to shove the bread back into the breadbox.
Castiel slumped; he was not above giving Dean the puppy look. Dean could die out there, and he had no guarantee he would actually try
“I only did it that once, Cas, I promise. I didn’t get addicted to it, I mean I have urges sometimes, but I won’t do that again. I swear.” Jack looked Cas straight in the eye. He wasn’t lying. When he had urges he would find Sam or Dean and sit near them quietly until the urges went away. Cas seemed to believe him enough to let him change the subject.
Dean nodded and Cas took the hunter’s lips carefully in his own. They kissed until the minutes melted together, slow and soft and perfect. Coffee and toothpaste melding on their tongues.
“How do you want to do tonight?” Cas asked, he could not seem to help scooching in closer, challenging the atoms hovering between them. Touch was an illusion balanced precariously upon the rules of reality. He was always the rebel after all.
Cas sensed no danger but knew better than to disturb Dean now, even to sneak around him and check on Jack, so he stole a small moment to openly stare at the way his bee pajamas that had ridden down half Dean’s butt and exposed a pair of grey boxers bunched in the least sexy way possible at his hip. Had time to steal another moment to adore the way the hunter’s pants had ridden up his calves, twisted around and tangled almost as badly as the horrendously fluffy and staticky shirt was, admired the sheet clinging to it like a half-hearted mockery of a cape that draped from under his armpit to the bed. These tiny, closed-door mornings were always when Dean was most beautiful. Though the angel preferred his hunter less tense. Stretched beside him on the bed and surfacing from his slumber in gentle stages.
Jack was silent, thinking. “I don’t know. Dean did it because things were falling apart, and I thought it might help me too, I guess. And it did for a little bit, but Dean caught me. He was so scared, Cas.”
But that warmth hadn’t stopped him from bringing devastation to his piecemeal family. Perhaps this was his true penance; lost trust, lost homes and a hell of his own making.
The ducks, some of them, made the journey slowly, without aim and without purpose. They drifted along until they reached the next shore and then waited to be found or consumed by the world around them.
The hunt the four of them had been on had been… troublesome. But Sam couldn’t pinpoint what exactly it was that made Deans words leave. No one new had been killed, no one familiar had almost been killed.
“But he trusts you. Doesn’t he know we won’t hurt him?” Jack asked as he carefully measured the coffee and shook the cup into the waiting filter. He had messed it up before, a few times. Even after Sam had shown him what to do.
“Look man, he already knows.” Dean’s smile slipped for the first time, his eyes were red and watery, had been even while he was giving them an impromptu history lesson.
I actually stayed in a motel with a room called Clown Ally when I was doing MUSH. Only place that allowed you to bring 4 dogs, including 2 huskies and an English setter, into the room. I don’t remember it at all, (amnesiac here) but I have pictures. There were paintings of creepy sad clowns all over the walls, just as dense as the cowboys. And the walls were a combo of that dark crappy fake wood flooring and weird yellowed floral wallpaper that just looks sticky. MUSH hotels were all… eccentric. I mean they had to be, they let a pack of dogsledders come in and run amok with their teams.
But you have to close your eyes though, scrunch them tight so they wrinkle at the corners and give you false crows feet. Because sometimes people care enough to call you out, to make it awkward, but not enough to want to know the cause.
The kid was silent for a few moments. He had wanted to talk to Dean; there was something terrifying buzzing around the older hunter’s aura, the same choking scent that had always shrouded the man. But it had been lighter, almost hopeful when he left for the hunt— he had actually hugged the child like he would miss him, and a bad feeling Jack didn’t know the name of yet had seeped into his very bones and filled him with dread. And now they were back, and his father was back. But Dean was afraid.
Cas brushed his fingers against Dean’s forehead, settling him into a deeper sleep before he untangled their limbs, got up and did the same to Sam so he and Jack could talk.
Cas searched him and sucked in a breath. Fished a shard from the sea of red surrounding Dean’s shattered soul and tried to find a place to set it. Gathered it close because there was work to be done.
Cas hauled Dean up, kissed the new scars and fresh wounds on his legs before covering them with plush fabric, kissed the two tiny dots that had almost stolen Dean and the raised red lines on his torso and darkened hatching on his arms before he wrapped them in the softness Dean deserved. Kissed away Dean’s tears before he pulled on his own set, lay down beside him and held him to his chest, kissed his hair because he almost hadn’t gotten the chance to—almost fought (he had to call it fighting. To name it what it truly had been would make it too much, had always made it too much) for nothing. He would heal Dean when he could, but he was still wrung out—his grace still in too much shock.
“Cas, get Ketch!” Sam sounded much closer than he had been. Come to think of it, it was nice to have his other senses working. His eyes blinked open against a blurred vision and assorted black spots. “Dean?”
“Yeah, whatever the fuck you are,” Dean grunted without turning to face him. “Because you’re right. You sure as shit ain’t human, Castiel."
The silken blue cascaded down taut muscles as it was undone. Cas was too deep into the afterglow to do it, so Dean tugged his arms away from the headboard and between their bodies.
“Cas?” he yelled into the echoing silence, just in case, but he couldn’t even hear his own voice. “Cas!”
I know he’s really asking you, not me, and I don’t want to take that away from you just because I’m excited
Junior passed the keys on to Novak, then Dean stood in the doorway to wave him away as he drove off. As soon as he shut the door, Novak pinned him to it with nothing but a glower from across the room—it did things to Dean, knocked him straight out of his role and into the dangerous headspace of the night before, of those eyes searing into him with his ass on fire and come cooling sticky in his pants. He could still feel the former, muted into a pleasant ache that he had so far resisted checking for bruising. Whether he wanted the bruises or not was something else he refused to give further attention to. The latter wasn’t exactly at risk of happening again, but if Novak kept looking at him like that he was going to have an embarrassing enough situation in the same place.
That dragged up the memory of the same voice, of Castiel calling him that in the moments after he spanked Dean to one of the most intense orgasms of his life. He couldn’t call it the best not under the circumstances, but there was potential there that made it seem an awful lot like it could have been. Along with that memory came all the rest, so that resolved some of his confusion but also left him with new questions.
Then Cas was leaning over and cupping his face between two warm palms. Because it was Cas, and Cas never did anything Dean wanted him to, he didn’t kiss him. Instead, he peered down at Dean with such intensity it made the latter squirm.
His blood roared in his ears and his vision swam. He was standing next to the man in a heartbeat, his own voice echoing in his head. Distantly, he heard the hiss of locks and his vision cleared.
In the beat of silence after Junior’s sentence ended abruptly, Novak’s brow creased as he started to formulate a reply. Dean was quicker.
Sam sighed again and Dean prayed for strength from a God he couldn’t give a single fuck about. He snapped the worn paperback shut and glared up at the kid, who was toting Lawboy Look (trademark pending) in all its glory, “
The next rider gets unseated right out of the gate, bouncing up and forward. He falls over the bull’s shoulder, but only his feet hit the ground. His hand is stuck in the rope. Despite his lack of general knowledge, Cas can tell it’s not a good thing when the man gets dragged around by the bull, especially since the animal continues to kick and spin in agitation. Dean tenses, too, but leans his shoulder in to Cas’s so he can whisper reassurances to him.
And that was mighty kind of Commander Cas too, letting Dean know he was just a ‘trivial’ and ‘impulsive’ choice. After that, it was just easier to think of the guy as the leader of the mission and nothing more. He’d take his orders and roll back into his place, no emotions involved here at all, no siree.
“Uh, there are . . . ” Cas paused. “Three upright bars very close together, and then like, a wave connecting them to three more bars, except that they’re slanted. And then like, two concentric circles and a triangle with wavy sides . . . oh wait, there’s more under this. Hold on . . .”
“That’s what I said,” an ethereal voice hummed. The humans looked beyond Charlie as the air seemed to shift. Stevie (for lack of a direct translation), Charlie’s wife, materialized.  An umber black arm curled around the redhead’s pale one. “Hello, Earth humans.”
“Commander,” Charlie greeted, flashing him a bright-eyed grin. “I look forward to accompanying you on your journey.”
“Shut up, you dick,” he groaned, resealing his lips to Cas’s, intent on making the man forget words, in general. He straddled him, muffling Cas’s complaints with his mouth.
Cas hushed softly. “Fuchsia,” he promised her, choking with emotion. “With aꟷ” he swallowed, “lime peter-pan collar.”
They found Turner, Lafitte, and Singer waiting for them in the basement. He let Novak fill them in on what had gone down—most of it, anyway. His motive for leaving out the mess in Dean’s jeans was a mystery to ponder another time, like after he’d been able to shower it off and maybe burn everything he was wearing on his lower half. To his surprise, Novak didn’t need any help recalling the details that Dean thought would be lost in the whiskey. To his irritation, Novak’s alcohol tolerance was kind of a turn-on and he really didn’t need more reasons to find the guy hot.
“Do you know anything about her?” Jimmy asked, his voice hushed despite their relative solitude. “Your mom?”
“Yeah. A buddy of mine, you know, a real good friend?” He paused there, waiting for Novak to notice the meaning of his stressed emphasis and leaving Dean wondering how the fuck he’d managed to stay so closeted that the guys on the wire had been surprised by it. “I was gonna come here with him next weekend, but we had a bit of a falling out.”
“We’re in Zeta-362, remember? On the ship where Claire and Jack are.” The thumb stroking along his cheekbone felt nice.
“I have no idea when we started it. It feels like forever,” he shuddered out a breath. “I wanted to finish it before we returned. In case it was close to Christmas when we did.”
“If they find out we’re meeting for the first time,” Cas explained in what he hoped wasn’t too impatient of a tone, “they’re going to call our parents for what to do about it. Then they’ll just split us up and we’ll never see each other again.”
Then his feet were landing on solid ground. And staying put. There was a sucking sensation and the blackness fell away. Charlie was grasping onto his arms, wide-eyed but uninjured. He saw her lips move and then the words came through, lagging by a good two seconds.
At least reading it was comfortingly familiar, and helped ease his anxiety for a couple of hours in the middle of the trip. After that he was on his own, staring out the window at the unfamiliar landscape, waiting for the biggest moment of his life, and worrying.
He’d groaned loud enough that the kids, in the other room and beyond a closed door, had started snickering. “You asshole.”
“If I had to make an educated guess, I’d say a satellite galaxy, or several, perished within the core’s magnetic field. And that’s how the debris remains suspended. It’s slowly moving inwards. It’s quite an adventure, trying to navigate it without the experience the natives possess.”
The man was probably sitting there to discourage lost grannies and overeager tourists, not really to be a bouncer in the usual meaning of the word; the men at the bar would take care of policing themselves. Still, Novak waited as he took a few puffs from his cigar, eyes travelling openly over both of them, then jerked a nod up the stairs.
. He buried his face back into his pillow, fully intent on going the fuck back to sleep, far away from annoying shitheads who moonlighted as little brothers.
The first thing he sees when he rights himself is Meg, who as usual is making no attempt to hide that she’s laughing at him. Then he finds the man who bumped him and subsequently saved him, and he thinks maybe he should obstruct walkways without warning more often, not less.
“I’m glad I decided to come here anyway, see things for myself. Tell me, do you really know how to use that thing, or are you just another limp dick carrying it around like a trophy?” Junior waved a careless pointer finger at Novak’s paddle. The irony was not lost on Dean.
“Are you serious? There’s no way we’d get away with it. We have nothing set up, no proof of our backgrounds or identities, no way to set any of that up in, what, nine hours? And how the fuck are you going to pretend to know anything about the money shit he needs long enough to get a good look at the books?”
“Ugh, there’s pizza. Right here,” Dean reminded, gagging a little when he flashed back to his last dance with Bobby’s rotgut.
“Okie-dokie,” he muttered to himself. Caught his reflection in the glass. He hadn’t even known his hair could go in
to be romantic here and now you’ve ruined it. This is why I don’t.” Cas started scowling in earnest. Dean, who may be a little shit, but was still an attentive little shit, took his hands in his own. He grinned, tugging the other man towards the little alcove in the garden.
Singer made another noise, somewhere between thoughtful and surprised, but didn’t say anything else.
Road to hell . . . his little resolution meant squat in the face of Castiel's culinary abilities. The cheese was the perfect level of melted, and Dean had to physically stop himself from professing his love for the man. Or worse; pick off that little morsel of cheese on Cas’s lips with his own.
“I know,” he tells Cas. Then he kisses him again, and again, and maybe they never stop except for him to say, “I know, baby, I know.”
Cas fled upstairs, feeling sick and done with the whole charade. It wasn’t just about him suffering for his crush on Dean anymore; he was hurting Dean with it, making Dean feel like he’d done something wrong when Cas was the one lying and making it all wrong. It had to end.
Dean glanced at Cas sideways . . . and the man’s eyebrows shot up in realization. The straw sprang free with a pop and Dean fumbled to catch hold of himself. The vestiges of emotion tried to pry their way back in. He pushed them away.
“No,” Sam shook his head firmly. “They’re not in there. They’re not in there, right?” he directed the last bit at Dean, who winced.
Maybe even before he could say anything else, because whatever was going on in his lungs felt like it was going to kill him right there.
Didn’t help that the guy was so damn easy on the eyes. Like, really, really easy. (Had he mentioned that already?)
He’d make him forget all about a possible intergalactic beacon shining out of his ass, later. By putting something way better in there. If he said so himself.
Sam cleared his throat and Dean realized how close they were standing. He awkwardly shuffled back, sinking into a chair with his tail (and other hanging appendages) firmly tucked between his legs.
Almost like he’d read Dean’s mind, Cas’s face turned down into a grimace and he said, “I was out of line this morning. I didn’t realize it was so…” Then he stopped, shaking off whatever he hadn’t realized with a full-body resettling that made his oil tubes flash under the artificial lighting. He recovered in the blink of an eye, so quickly that Dean almost doubted his perception again, but he thought he was finally starting to crack through the walls of Cas’s stubborn cyborg facade. He’d seen vulnerability and he chased the traces not out of cruelty but the hope that maybe he could really find a way to connect to the man.
Dean finished his shopping in a distracted daze, more focused on planning for everything that could go wrong and what he and Castiel would need to go over than on what he was adding to his cart. At the last minute, he swerved away from the line of cashiers to swing through the pharmacy section and stock up on first aid and related supplies. At least he’d had enough warning to prepare for the worst. He paid with the hundred dollar bills Junior had given him to cover the costs.
“I was asking you what you know. About it,” he responded. With no small amount of satisfaction, he saw a little twitch in Cas’s eye.
His crew support told him that Claire sat by her bedside, reading her favorite Neruda poem over and over, till she finally left. That Jack had been in class when his mother passed, because she’d insisted they don’t halt their normal routines.
Cas doesn’t join in, but he plays along; tolerates Dean’s over-the-top fawning with good humor and the slightest hint of something too solemn to be mischief tugging the edge of his mouth up. The words and actions may be exaggerated, but the feeling behind them is nothing but genuine, so when he scoots over on the shared bench seat until he’s all but sitting in Cas’s lap, or slings his arm around Cas’s shoulders and plants an overly showy kiss on his cheek, the smile he gets in return is real and warm and happy.
Cas pulled away again, head arching back as Dean decided that he’d ogled the line of that throat without acting for long enough. He scraped his teeth over the stubble and the sensitive flesh beneath, rolling his hips tentatively. He definitely felt
In any other circumstances, Dean might’ve felt bad for the guy; his team had been all but conspiring against him by the sound of it. It wasn’t usually a sentinel’s fault when they zoned: they’d get so fixated on a single sense that they’d lose track of everything else, unable to break away from it. That was what they needed guides for.
He played with his fingers, trying to stay still. Coming here always incited that feeling in him. Be quiet. Stay still. Just in case . . . something. He didn’t know what he was looking for.
“Dea-Delta,” Cas said, reaching out and grabbing hold of his arm. “Foxtrot fucked up the course. Let’s go.”
“Her sons.” He felt like an idiot, just repeating half of what Jimmy said, but it bought him time to process how else to react. “You have stepbrothers?”
When Jimmy smiled, Cas could feel it. He knew that smile, knew specifically all the emotions that went into making it look like that instead of any of his other smiles, and he was simultaneously happy for Jimmy and sorry for himself for it. “She’s amazing, she really is. And she makes Mom so happy—I was ten when they met, I remember noticing how much more she smiled. And she’s never treated me like anything less than her own sons.”
Cas poured himself a bowl of cereal and ate it while Dean asked questions about his time at camp. Cas did his best to answer without giving away anything about Jimmy, so it was mostly a lot of talking about the activities he hadn’t paid a lot of attention to at the time. But he had enough memory of it all to make it convincing and entertaining, and Dean seemed very interested in all of it—kept looking right into Cas’s eyes and laughing and engaging him for more stories. They got so into it that they lost track of time until Sam wandered downstairs and asked Dean what he was still doing there and why, if he was still lounging around inside, he hadn’t at least made waffles for them. The two of them sassed back and forth for a moment while Cas felt awkward, but the moment passed when Dean told Sam to make his own damn breakfast, he and Jimmy had real work to do.
Dean scrunched his nose in distaste as he exited the decontamination showers. Kaia and Claire sat side by side, apparently done with their tests. They looked deeply engrossed in a private conversation, hooked up to their respective IVs. He took one look at Claire’s face and swerved, turning to the table on the other side of the room.
By six that evening, Dean was more involved in the Styne investigation than even he had been aiming for.
“Hey, Cas,” he said, still quietly. There weren’t many avatars around them, and no one seemed to care enough to pay attention to what looked like a panicked child being approached by a grown man in what could easily be a faked NEI uniform. It was the cyberscape, after all, and few people were who they appeared to be. Dean was, and Cas—he thought maybe Cas was, too, at that moment. “You had me worried.”
Thus unencumbered, Cas had no excuse to avoid the hug Dean offered by way of an outstretched arm as he approached.
. He wasn’t planning to let anyone else get a look at the phone, because the conversation would definitely be incriminating, but if anyone saw the notifications he didn’t want to have to deal with explaining why he was texting someone named Jimmy when he was supposed to be Jimmy. Sure, it was a common name, but it was the kind of coincidence someone would mention to their family. If Balthazar were there, he would’ve appreciated that the phone titled their chat
Cas cocked his head and raised his eyebrows, though his smile didn’t falter. “What happened to, ‘I just wanna shower and sleep, Cas.’?”
“Maybe,” Sam shifted from foot to foot. Dean’s eyes shot to his brother. “Could it just be that he’s taking a little while to get up? I mean, it could be fatigue . . . that’s always an issue.”
Dean huffed out a grumpy breath as Novak sanded down the sides of his piece of wood and acted like he wasn’t listening in. Fine, Dean could pretend to ignore him, too, and shoot the shit with Lafitte for a while.
For all his initial reluctance, it seemed Novak had decided to commit; he sat without any more arguing, his feet planted and his legs spread in a way that provided a solid base for a guy Dean’s size and also showed off the bulge nestled between his broad thighs. He wasn’t hard, but his leathers were well-fitting and smooth as butter, and the lights from above fell into highlights and shadows that couldn’t have haloed his junk better if he’d set up actual spotlights. Of course even his dick and balls were flagging left.
The visuals were back to full power, the lights were slowly brightening. He stretched his neck to the side, then turned to his crewmates.
Dean swallowed the lump in his throat, turning to Sam so he wouldn’t burst into ugly tears. Bad life choice, because Sammy had no self-respect. He was looking back at Dean with a gooey expression on his face. Dean soldiered on, rolling his eyes.
“Do not touch it with your bare hands,” she warned. “And, no. A lightsaber is an impractical, poorly balanced tube of light. This? This is a blade. Give it a whirl.”
He didn’t know what to think anymore, because she’d clearly been willing to be a mother to the identical twin brother Cas’s dad had kept secret from him for over sixteen years.
Cas had moved on from the Nav, but he didn’t turn to acknowledge Dean, instead waving absently in his general direction. “Of course, Dean. Sweet dreams.”
“I said go fuck yourself and I’ll say it again: Go fuck yourself. You wanna be a pissy paranoid asshole the rest of the time? It’s bullshit, but fucking whatever, it’s bullshit I can deal with. I draw the line when your bullshit posturing is going to get me killed for no fucking reason. So either I’m in on the plan or I’m out completely.”
The owner of those tubes didn’t share Dean’s comfort at the familiar mess hall. Then again, for him it wasn’t familiar.
Dean surfaced, heart racing in panic and all the more aware of it because he hadn’t been able to feel his heartbeat at all in the aesthecosm. It slammed into him at the same time as all the other physical sensations returning. The disconcerting shift in position, from a semblance of standing in the void to lying on his side was equally jarring, especially since he knew he’d been sitting on the floor behind Cas when he dropped, but found himself instead stretched out on the lower bed.
“Rowena’s galaxy has been consumed by another. She is the last of her kind we know of,” Dorothy explained. Then, looking slightly hesitant, she added, “She would prove an asset to your mission, we believe.”
Outwardly, Dean just moaned pitifully in response, sinking down against the door of his pod. He’d be darting back inside in ꟷ his throat convulsed ꟷ T-2 minutes anyway.
“Castiel—god.” Jody’s eyes welled up and she took Cas’s face between her palms. “My little Castiel. I thought I’d never see you again. Look at you. I’ve missed you every single day of your life.”
The day that he figures it out, he finds himself awake before Cas or the sun and unusually well-rested, so much so that he decides against shoving his face back into the pillows and rouses himself to take on Cas’s morning ritual instead. Mind drifting, lazy with the ease of the early morning with a worn robe around his shoulders and a hot mug of coffee in his hands, he doesn’t hear Cas until he feels him, warm against his back.
Dean meant it to be snide. It even came out with a sarcastic edge to it that would’ve worked in any other circumstance. But sitting there wearing what he was wearing, right next to Novak wearing what Novak was wearing, about to go where they were going and pretend what they were pretending…
“You’re one to talk about harboring delusions.” It was like he was actively trying to piss Dean off.
Like all sure things, he’d fucked it up. They’d landed several lightyears away from their desired location. The Nav had somehow reset during the hyperjump, as had most other systems. The boosters ended up spluttering to death, leaving them suspended with no control.
Cas, still rooted in his seat, blinked at her. Then his chin went wobbly. His voice was basically the exact same pitch as Claire’s squeaks when he exclaimed, “
Cas reached out, closing his hand around Dean’s arm like he was trying to see if he was real, though his other hand was still closed in Dean’s. It should have been ridiculous, given that neither of them were actually real, as such—they were just projections in the cyberscape, digital avatars of themselves. Not real, not physical, not present. But Dean felt it. He felt Cas’s fingers gripping him tight just like he would’ve in reality. He stared down at it and Cas followed his gaze.
Following both his gaze and train of thought, Balthazar nudged him toward one of the many paths leading away through the trees. “Don’t mind the babies. While it’s technically the same camp, we’re on opposite sides of the lake. They’ve got their own activities and dining hall and everything. Trust me, it’s much more fun where we’re going.”
Possibly for the first time Dean had seen, Novak smiled. It took years off his perpetually grumpy face, replaced them with a softness Dean wouldn’t have been able to imagine even if he’d had a reason to try. “I know. But I want to. I’d be making the set anyway, and I’m very happy with it. This way I know it’ll be going to someone who will appreciate it, not one of those spoiled little shits who’ll break it half and then cry because daddy’s attempt to stick it back together with Elmer’s didn’t go so well.”
Cas didn’t answer, though his shoulders tensed in Dean’s peripheral vision. The wings stayed perfectly still, as though they weren’t attached at all, but Dean had a chance to study Cas’s back as he walked over to open the gate properly and retrieve his coat. The back of his shirt had ripped open and through the flapping holes Dean could see the ends of the metal rods that formed the frame of Cas’s wings; they definitely pushed through and disappeared under his skin. There was even scarring around the points of connection, which shocked Dean almost as much as the wings themselves had. With the extensive augs covering every visible part of Cas, the work had been done impeccably. Despite his overall dislike of such significant modification, Dean had seen enough shoddy chop work to appreciate the skill and quality. The surgeries must have been clean and careful to leave Cas unmarked aside from the intentional changes.
“Where do you want me to put this, Cas?” Sam asked. Dean took a bite of still-melty cheese and pepperoni, garnished with pools of grease.
A round of equally awkward greetings followed, then Cesar suggested they head back to D.C. to regroup and try to fix whatever Naomi messed with inside Cas’s brain before he zoned again.
Predictably, the man himself offered no clues. “Turner and Lafitte will be armed and ready to intervene outside, they just need to know they’ve got the right guy. Can’t have them stopping every pair of men who leave without drawing attention ourselves.”
He pouted all the way to his room. But before he could indulge in some premium sulk time, he landed face-first in his pillow. He was out before his pod door fully slid shut.
Dean huffed, throwing an arm around the other man’s shoulder and steering them to the door. “I’ll get you that meeting. Don’t you worry, crackhead.”
At twenty-seven, the ship broke through the Time Barrier. There was a moment of weightlessness, and the belts on his body dug into skin as they held him securely in place.
Then it was Dean’s turn to stare ahead without engaging as he navigated the streets—nicer than Kansas, worse than D.C.—to get them to Kevin Tran’s home. He stewed the whole way, furious about Cas’s attitude and Cesar’s dismissal of it and his own loss of control. Just because his partner was a dick didn’t mean he should be one, too. Not that he was about to apologize, no fucking way, but he could do better. He could prove, to the rest of the team if not to Cas, that he deserved to be there.
“He’s homeless, right?” Krissy says, moving further forward to murmur low, bracing her forearms to the counter and likely messing up Dean’s neat piles of slips in the process, god damn it Krissy. “He’s gotta be.”
said, over a handshake and a smile the first day the man sat at the counter instead of the corner table he’d previously favored. This was, incidentally, also the day Dean learned of the man’s deafness.
Dean’s smile falters. Last night, Dad never came home with the food money he’d promised from Monday’s paycheck and, after a few hours’ useless waiting, Dean’d made the 50-minute walk to and from the Safeway off Dunne, easier and far less risky to lift from than the corner market. A few muffled snickers rise from varying points of the classroom as the silence stretches.
” And suddenly there’s Sam, right in front of him, hands clutching at Dean’s shoulders, and as soon as Dean registers the support he tries to break away at the same moment his legs decide to give. Sam keeps his grip, guides him down to sit on the bed. He’s calling Dean’s name, eyes wide and words tight with something that seems a lot like fear.
Cas is here, right now, in the honest-to-god flesh; here with Dean after more than a year of wanting but not having and a
She was your damn WIFE, Cas! If she couldn’t get over herself then she should’ve balls’d up and broke it off BEFORE she decided to shack up with the mailman!
Castiel’s brows draw in above the blindfold in a frown – in confusion or irritation at being interrupted, Dean doesn’t know – but before he can think to clarify Castiel’s face smooths and he lifts his hand to suck two fingers into his mouth. And Cas just fucking
” says Sam, tone dripping sarcasm. “Does he even know we’re in the area, or were you hiding that from him, too?”
From the table by the door, Sam drops his gaze pointedly to Dean’s boots, lined up neatly at the foot of his bed. Laughing eyes drag slowly back to Dean.
The spatula in his hand clatters to the counter, and Dean fast-walks his way straight to the showers.
Dean’s breath catches, and his entire body locks up tight. He remains painfully stiff for an endless moment and then, on a long exhale of air, sags, surrendering completely to Castiel’s hold; the fight drained from him as quickly as it came. Castiel cautiously releases Dean and quickly steps away.
Castiel runs a critical eye over the room: the couch and chairs pushed to the walls or into the hallway, the additional wardings, the single table now in the center of his cleared living room space. The summoning bowl which rests upon it.
wants to mock him for that one, but figures he can’t begrudge the kid for trying to combat the August heat, even if he does think it’s fucking ridiculous to be running in it in the first place.
“Hey kid,” says a voice, and Dean looks up to see a man; pen, order pad, grease-stained apron and the most impressive handlebar mustache Dean’s ever seen. The ‘stache twitches as the man narrows his eyes in open suspicion. “You got school?”
The newcomer hums an acknowledgement – some dude, not immediately familiar from sound alone; probably a customer. Juan’s honestly happy for the interruption – he’s been trying to get a feel for this jungle-themed sleeve that’s coming in later in the week for what seems like hours – but he takes his time on the lines, gives himself a minute to get to a place he’s content to stop for now.
Dean pulls his fingers from Cas’s mouth, ignoring Castiel’s weak noise of protest and leaving a wet trail across one stubbled cheek as he moves to fist at Cas’s hair, lifting his head to duck back in and say, “Let me see it, Cas.”
“Mm,” Cas says, indulgent, before brushing a welcoming kiss to the thin skin below Dean’s ear and, drawing slightly away, “How was lunch?”
Dean ticks a shrug, shoulders shifting and settling into a more comfortable lean against Cas’s chest. Accommodating, Cas wraps one strong arm secure around Dean’s waist, sinking further into the back of the couch. “Soon, he said.” Dean smiles. “It’s about damn time.”
The man is silent for a long moment, his stare searching, and just as Dean starts to squirm under the scrutiny the man points to the plate and asks, “For me?”
Dean unlocks the door and steps into the apartment. His keys clink sharply to the glass change tray on the entryway table and he rests his cane, propped between the table and the wall. It’s not until he’s halfway through pulling off his shoes that he hears the distinctive
“Fuck me,” Dean says, having spent too many lonely nights imagining it, needing it too much to remember to be embarrassed. “Cas, want you to fuck me.”
Dean presses his face deep into his pillow, Cas’s words spinning out in his mind on an infinite loop. Words that Cas had thought out and made a conscious decision to share; words spoken with sincere, open emotion;
Sam nods and reaches for the phone in Dean’s hand. Dean instantly scurries back; cell clutched protectively to his chest.
“We’ve done everything we could, but Jimmy and I can’t fix it ourselves. Will you send someone out?”
“Claire,” his voice was muffled. “You’re okay. You’re okay, you’re okay.” He pulled away abruptly, sniffling, voice thick with tears, “Wait,
To his credit, Cas rolled with it, managing to not put his foot in his mouth like Sam and Dean had the first time they’d visited Oziome. A flash of red caught his eye and he turned.
Those thoughts carried him through getting changed for bed and brushing his teeth, climbing up onto his bunk to prepare for ‘lights out’---something of a misnomer, since the cabin didn’t have any electric lights to turn out. He was in no danger of falling asleep while he waited for Balthazar’s signal, far too worked up about everything.
“I wasn’t sure you cared about that. After last night,” he added, thinking of Novak’s dismissive attitude toward Dean not wanting to go into the bar completely blind.
He didn’t realize he’d drifted off until Cas was shaking him awake. He smacked his lips, grimacing at the taste, “Time jump?”
It felt like an itch finally scratched. A gaping wound healed. Like a gulp of air after breaking through the surface of water. Like the touch of sunlight after years on a mirthless spaceship.
unsalvageable, Dean,” Cas insisted. Reached out and placed a hand on his arm. Dean made an effort to not shove him again, as much as he wanted to. The team was retreating into the ship, Gabriel ushering an irate Anna away with insincere noises. “There’s no reason for these people to keep Sam alive. They . . .” he squeezed Dean’s arm gently. “they probably shot him on sight.”
Castiel shook his head. “I recognized him even before he gave his name, but I’ve been in the basement for years and never run into him professionally. But he’s going to know who you are.”
Besides, that was a bullshit way to run a team. It wasn’t just his time they were wasting, though of course that was what pissed him off the most. Getting stuck on the wires was bad enough; getting kept off the wires while he satisfied Novak’s exacting demands was bad enough. Getting benched until he could prove he wasn’t just a deep-cover stooge wasn’t gonna be how he spent the next three years. That was exactly what Adler was looking to do to him and exactly what he’d sworn he wouldn’t let happen.
He almost would’ve preferred it if there had been something else they needed him for, because sitting there with Cas suffering and nothing he could do to help was torture. It made him want to drop back into the aesthecosm, even knowing it was useless, even knowing Cas wasn’t there, just in case. Just to have something to do.
Like a blink, their surroundings shifted and Dean took a disoriented second to look around. Cas had brought them to a plain bedroom, furnished only with a modestly sized bed, a desk, and a bookshelf. No decorations, no personal touches, even the blankets were a pleasant but bland forest green. He was pretty sure he knew what that room was, and that hurt, too. For all that Dean’s childhood bedroom had been tiny and rundown and shared with his brother, at least it had felt like a home.
It was a stupid fucking plan. Of all the stupid fucking plans that had been a part of the overall stupid fucking plan that led them into the mess they were in, it had to be the very fucking stupidest plan of all.
be reading into the gesture. Yes, Cas had other plants that weren’t gifted to him by Dean. No, Cas hadn’t brought
Dean cast Cas a sidelong look. What he was about to suggest hadn’t gone well in the past, but he and Cas were doing a lot better with each other than they had been. Cas respected Dean as a person and a teammate, Dean hadn’t hit Cas in almost twenty-four hours, and Dean knew he wasn’t mistaking the wistfulness in Cas’s voice just then. Cas hadn’t been able to enjoy food for half his life and it still bothered him.
“Dean?” Cas’s unfamiliarly high-pitched voice trembled, a plaintive tremor in his tone that never would have made it through if he’d been in full control of himself. That worried Dean, but he told himself it was a good sign that Cas was functioning enough to recognize him. To talk to him.
Dean sighed, climbing up on the bed and crossing his feet. “You gonna tell me why you two are even more at each other’s throats than usual?”
The showers had been shut off to save water. Rowena had juiced a plant and given them a bowl of clear liquid that smelled like alcohol. (Then she’d immediately warned them not to drink it, like a spoilsport).
Still reeling, Cas shook his head. It shouldn’t have been such a surprise, looking at it rationally. Plenty of people got married all the time, even after leaving serious relationships, even when they were single parents. It had been sixteen years, after all. Probably it was more likely that she would have been married in that time than not. But Chuck never had. Cas had never had a mother, and Jimmy had two.
Dean bent over, pulling his prone form closer, placing his ear to his mouth and listening to the absence of exhalation. Sam, looking pale, dropped Cas’s wrist.
That, too, made as much sense as it didn’t. “Like they somehow wired the cyberscape connection into the part that should link to the aesthecosm? I didn’t think we even knew what that was yet.”
Cas wasn’t sure he had to fortitude to handle whatever was going to come next, but for Dean he wanted to try.
When she led them up to it, it was just as the state police had described: the scene was clean, well-organized. It looked like Kevin had packed up his belongings and left, but Linda insisted he would never have done so of his own free will without telling her. It was also highly suspicious that his chip hadn’t been scanned at all in that time, even by ambient surveillance that tended to catch anyone out in public. Either he was wearing blocking wristbands, which were illegal but not impossible for civilians to get, or he was off the grid entirely.
The other occupant of the bed—the owner, presumably—clicked off the radio and said, “Good morning, sweetheart.”
Throughout it all, Dean keeps his seat astride the bucking bull. His body moves fluidly with every violent jump and twist, his upper half swinging around with the momentum like a rag doll but always coming back to center, his legs never losing their place around Larry’s middle. One arm waves through the air above his head, the classic pose that always seemed like it should look ridiculous—does look ridiculous when people mime it, and not just because they’re usually drunk. In action, there’s nothing silly about it. Or maybe that’s just because of the way Dean makes it look as natural as everything else, an easy extension of himself that flows and flexes and then regains its balance like nothing unusual is happening. Like he’s swaying along at a concert instead of clinging to an enormous, enraged mammal for dear life.
He reached the bottom of the stairs and saw everyone waiting around the table, smiling warmly at him, and his worries eased. Like he’d told his dad, they didn’t have to decide right away. They could talk it over with everyone, spend some time together as a full—slightly overfull, maybe—family and see how that worked out. He could see if Dean would sneak out into the fields with him at night to look up at the stars and finally give in to kissing each other.
Junior laughed, then Novak laughed, then Dean laughed. It was all painfully forced, but Junior either didn’t notice or didn’t care. He just kept on guffawing at his own joke after Dean’s awkward chuckles died off and Novak’s faded into a wide smile. Though to his credit, Novak was actually pretty convincing in his amusement. Dean had seen him in a good mood a few rare times, usually when he was talking to Lafitte about Elizabeth or to Turner about how they were going to take down the mob and take over the world or whatever else they plotted in hushed tones at the desk in the corner; his reactions to Junior didn’t look all that different from the real thing.
That resolution powered him off his ass and over to the small kitchenette table, where he’d left his newly issued comm. It was still on the early side, but he’d gotten a message while he was out getting breakfast; or more likely, judging by the time it came in, he had been arguing with Cas in the hallway on his way back. Whichever the case, it was recent and from Charlie, saying she’d been in touch with Channing and together they had arranged for the team to have access to Kevin’s server from wherever they connected—which included Dean and Cas at the hotel.
Which didn’t make sense, still. By the looks of it, the three bottles were still pretty much full. They’d been in space for a while now. There’s no way anyone could’ve gotten ahold of them from anywhere except Oziome.
“Excuse the fuck outta me,” Dean huffed, leaning back a little. “But we don’t need you popping a boner in the middle of a raid!”
The lump of Cas’s throat jumped as he exhaled. His breath was minty. It was nice. “I was making you a sweater.”
Whether or not Cas liked it, it was clear Sam did. As soon as the zoo came up in conversation, he started passionately telling them about which animals had been released or relocated since they were last there, as well as what sorts of new injuries and orphans had been taken in and what was being done to help them.
There were sounds around the room, the Winchesters making surprised noises or asking questions or shushing each other, but he didn’t really hear them. He didn’t look at them. He stared at Jody, and she stared back like she was seeing a ghost. Somehow it hurt even more than when he first found out about Jimmy, hurt more than all his loneliness and jealousy at the family he’d been excluded from, when she looked him in the eye and still tried to deny it. Tried to deny him.
“Dad, it’s okay. I mean. I was mad. I’ll undoubtedly be mad again later. But right now, I’m just very happy to have everything out in the open and to be talking to you. I missed you.”
A shadowy figure Dean hadn’t seen before moved away from a wall. Of course. Linda had told them Channing was already there. Her avatar didn’t have any detail to it, just dull blackness in the vague shape of a person, but Dean still got the sense he was being judged. Fair enough.
She keeps talking but Cas stops listening. Movement in the pen had caught his eye again and when he looked over, it wasn't the bull staring at him. It wasn't a stranger, either. The man’s face is still tighter than the easy charm Cas first saw on it, and with this new context he recognizes the change as nervousness. When his gaze locks with Cas’s he offers a slight smile, but his attention isn’t really on Cas.
“No!” he said, maybe too quickly. “No. It’s just… Have you ever had a moment where you realize how many good things in your life you’ve been taking for granted?”
“Meg tried to lose me at Walmart when I filled our cart with this clunky, shedding golden wool. One of the arms was too long and the neck had to be folded down thrice before she could get her nose out the top.”
Well that just kicked Dean in the chest from a couple different directions. He plastered on a smirk and asked, “You think I’m pretty?”
He saw the remaining stiffness in Cas’s frame literally melt away. Claire started crying anew, pretending to scratch her nose to hide it. “I’m sorry. I tried to keep him with meꟷ” He saw Cas’s arm tighten around her shoulders as he hushed her.
Dean wasn’t about to fall for it in the middle of pointing out Novak’s fuck up, but it was still almost tempting.
It took a little more than an hour to reach the Oregon State Police barracks; once they got there, they had to face the fact that they weren’t sure what else to do. Kevin had said to come to Oregon and nothing else, and hadn’t logged in since. It wasn’t time for him to log in yet—it had crossed over into the next morning, but not that far yet—so they just had to wait. Dean and Cas had had a stupidly long day by then, so Cesar sent them off to get some food and sleep while the rest of the team set up in a conference room they’d commandeered.
“You know, the youth internship applications open in November.” Dean said when Sam finally paused to take a breath and a bite of his bagel. “You should look into that.”
It doesn’t take nearly that long to reach her apparent destination, a section of arena seating around a large dirt ring. The stands are pretty crowded already, but Meg smiles at a couple people and says something Cas can’t hear to another, and like magic there’s an empty space for them. It’s right next to a gated enclosure that’s empty now, but he at least knows enough to recognize the pen where the animals and sometimes riders are kept.
Cesar was there, shaking him like he was shaking Cas. When Dean looked back, he saw the whole team was there. He must’ve been under in the aesthecosm for much longer than the couple of minutes that it felt like, and they must’ve been the ones to move him and Cas. Cesar and Billie stood the closest, right by the edge of the mattress, and both of them looked a combination of worried and pissed. Though Cesar was more on one end of the spectrum and Billie the other, Dean found it remarkably reassuring, managing to settle him in a way he didn’t expect, that even the member of the team who he’d thought hated Cas the most was there and involved and concerned.
“Sam, very graciously, has just offered to teach me,” she shot back coolly. The wookiee in question did a little goldfish impression, then decided to hold his tongue.
Grave, Cas agreed, “It seems the most likely, but we won’t know until we’re able to talk to him. And to do that, it appears we need to go to Oregon. They’re getting the plane ready for us.”
Astonishingly, Charlie did not sound like an alien, at any point during the ceremony. Even more astonishing was the fact that Jack didn’t drop the rings. Dean didn’t have a panic attack when the mic went offline for a hot minute. Dad didn’t actually cry until the very end of their vows.
There’d been a pregnant pause. He’d kept his gaze trained on the gleaming countertop. Then the cold plate was put into his hand. “Here you go, Dad.”
Impatient and stressed, Dean answered before either of the techies had a chance. “I need to be able to connect in to the cyberscape and be a guide when I’m there. Ash thinks you might be able to do that. Can you?”
