“OUT OF CONTROL?!”
. After that, he tucks the phone back into his jacket right before another punch is landed on his face.
Any way, as a thanks there's two chapters today instead of one (because chapter 14 is a bit short, I think, and there's good stuff happening in both)! If there's something seeming wrong, or if I've written absolute bullshit, just let me know!
warn Stark or anyone?” she asked desperately.
“I, uh,” he starts. Then he chuckles when he pulls his pants off the ground and puts them back on. Where-ever his underwear went, he has no clue. It’s not like it matters. He just wants to be away from here as quickly as possible. “This was a mistake.”
Miles nods as he starts heading to the kitchen. He gets greeted by three more people, even hugged by one, before he’s where he needs to be. Standing there is Peter Parker, wearing a plaid shirt above a black t-shirt and his usual thick glasses. His brown hair is messy as always, his sneakers worn out. From what he learned from the Parkers, they aren’t that rich. Peter’s aunt May, who sometimes comes to work here as well, used to struggle a lot with money in the past. How Peter even managed to go to MIT is a mystery to Miles, but he figures he must have had a scholarship or something like that.
“Peter Parker?” somebody asks, and Peter looks up from his seat, seeing the woman he gave Mr. Stark’s number to looking at him with a bored expression. She’s in her late twenties, with too-blonde hair to be called natural and a pair of glasses that must have been fashion in the sixties, but are now completely out of style. Every time Peter sees her, it seems like she’s chewing on some gum, creating bubbles with that ever-present bored expression on her face.
Peter squeezes his eyes shut, his hands letting go of May and Tony and instead reaching for his eyes as if something’s hurting him. After a few seconds, he relaxes again.
“He dropped a building on Peter’s head,” Tony says, startling Steve. He almost falls out of his seat, jumping up on his feet while he looks at the door as if he could see him standing there. The last Steve can remember about him was about an hour ago where he was stuck in another fist fight with… he doesn’t even know. Nor care.
“Lie with me for a few minutes, alright?” Steve asks. “Take a breather, and after that we’ll search for the woman.”
“Are you still on about how you’re best friends with Tony Stark, huh? You, what, they’re mascotte, now? Do they get you to clean their suits back there at their building?”
“Dad, please,” Peter starts, but Tony shakes his head and starts throwing the covers off of him.
- Kind of dub con? I'm not sure.
“I’m not Venom?” Peter calls out in confusion. What even is ‘venom’?
“We’re going to Disneyland,” he says proudly. Peter’s mouth falls open in surprise, and his spoon, which he was using to eat his breakfast with, drops down on the table.
Quickly, Peter hurries back inside to rejoin the rest of his family.
“I don’t know,” she said as she literally tried to wave away the problem. Wade would think she was acting way too butthurt if she’d tell him what was going on in her head. So, to change the subject, she asked him to repaint her roots. And as Wade has the concentration-width of a retired goldfish, he let the subject just pass like that, grabbed Yaël’s arm and pulled her behind him as he happily hopped to the store.
“Where are we going this time?” he asks.
“Uh, no, not at all, Fri,” Tony assures her.
Tony just glares at him. It feels like the apology from yesterday is just… forgotten. It matters no more. Peter balls up his fists, letting out a loud breath through his nose.
Peter doesn’t know enough of it to really put anything together about it. All he knows is that Tony considers him too young to be getting involved with this, so he’s kept out of it, mostly.
“He’s asleep,” Tony says after returning to the living room, where Steve is busy cleaning up their mess. The movie is still playing in the background. As far as they can see, the Kryptonians are creating huge messes in the city. Tony wonders how anybody would even be able to survive that! And what’s the deal with the dubstep?
idea.
“Not often. But it won’t take a genius to find out where the blood will be stored,” she returns with a wink. In the way she moves, it’s clear that there’s still a sadness in her. It’s quite normal, obviously. Still, Tony finds that he can’t remove his eyes from her.
Tony asks, sounding genuinely confused. Steve frowns, already opening his mouth to explain when suddenly Tony continues. “
“Yeah, and his sister. She’s kind of cool, if not a bit impulsive,” he returns.
“Yeah, you’re taking care of me, aren’t you?” Peter says with a light smile before picking up the cup. Ever since working at SI, he’s learned to appreciate the taste of coffee more and more, mostly due to Dum-E always making him cups whenever Peter even shows a
“Ah, there’s our champ,” Steve says with a grin the moment Peter appears in the dining room. Peter smiles back towards Steve, who is wearing culinary gloves and is transporting a hot pot of food towards the table.
“Please, don’t,” Peter groans. He sits down at his desk next to Tony’s, gives Dum-E a pat on his head, and then starts drawing out the first drafts for his newest idea, since the suit is – according to Tony – completely finished.
here!
“Why wouldn’t you?” Yaël asks while launching quite a big piece into the water. Two ducks start fighting for it, making quite some noise in the process.
Peter is sure he made it; even had Francis check it out because the guy wanted to. He had said that everything was correct, that complimented Peter on getting it right. But in which folder did Peter leave it?
Right when he thinks he’s got it, Venom kicks out. He’s no longer falling down, instead being pushed into an old building that’s being renovated. The glass doesn’t cut through the suit, luckily, but the crash still hurts enough for Peter to be disoriented for a bit.
moved his things, and according to this man, it had almost been impossible to find!
But, like always, there’s nobody he knows or recognizes. That’s alright. The next song plays and Miles prepares himself to get out of the car at the next stop while muttering out the lyrics along with the music. He stands up for the old lady that searches for a seat, which earns him a pleasant smile from the woman. Miles takes out his phone and starts typing down a message.
“But dad-?”
He doesn’t seem to hear Peter at all, so lost in thought. Peter decides it’s best not to startle a super soldier, so keeping his distance, he silently clears his throat. Steve doesn’t hear him.
“They’re being jerks, is all. Don’t mind them, sport,” Steve says, frowning towards the two. Once they notice, they stop (in how much they can), pretending not to look at them anymore. “I actually made your dad some soup, but he couldn’t really keep it down. There’s leftover if you want it?”
“A special stone, that had been spotted in this area a few era’s ago. I hoped you have heard of it, it’s called the Soul Stone.”
“You bastard! I was distracted!” Wasn’t she yelling at herself now, since she was still kind of steering them? The figure tilted its head like a confused dog. “Don’t act like you don’t know what I’m talking about, dweeb,” she grumbled when the water-spawn put its hands in the air, acting a bit dumb.
Oh, he’s playing with fire already by staying away for this long, but the idea of getting back to Stark Tower and hear the words he’s so afraid to hear… nothing that he’ll do will make the burn less, so he might as well just postpone it for a few more hours.
“You know what?! So what? At least now we can find out the truth!”
“I graduated from electrical engineering, myself. Interesting subject, if you ask me,” Tony explains with a smile. Peter smiles back, but not for long. Somehow, something must be bothering the boy. He’s been quiet and even a bit sick-looking ever since he came in here. Hopefully the kid didn’t catch anything.
And sure, Steve does.
And after that making his arrangements, Peter leaves the country in Tony’s private plane, passport at the ready and suit safely tucked away in his bag. After having checked in at the airport, having taken all his documents through the official channels, he quickly hurries back into his suit before entering the plane. It’s how he agreed to do it with Tony, since they’re both all about keeping his identity – okay, no, Peter wanted to uphold it. Of course, Tony wouldn’t have minded to know who he really is.
Bruce clears his throat, dropping his own glass.
“Listen, I know we have much to talk about, but can you finally tell me about this secret mission Thor asked you for? The others wouldn’t say a word about it,” Tony asks. He needs a bit of a distraction. Peter’s fine right now, May’s with him. Steve’s here, too. Everybody’s here.
! You
She can’t hate Steve; he
gauntlet? That is so cool!”
But she got herself into danger because of it. She refused to stay behind at the most crucial of times. And what happened in the Batman movie, happened to Peter in real life.
“You don’t have to help me, you know?’ Yaël knew him well enough to notice he wasn’t in a talkative mood, which happened sometimes, mostly when something troubled his mind, as he didn’t answer her, but instead reached his hand to her so he could guide her back to her chair.
“Unbelievable.”
“So he’s being a bit extreme. We’ve faced extreme before, and we’ve always taken care of it. There’s no reason you can’t, now.”
Steve is happy to listen. Feeling as if they’ve only been focusing on
So he starts walking back, first to Liz’ house to pick up his stuff on the roof. Then back home, to take a closer look at the purple glowing thing.
“Captain Rogers,” a familiar voice suddenly says. Steve tenses up, turning around to find none other than Loki standing there, fully in black-golden-green gowns. He’s wearing an alternate version of the helmet Steve saw when he first met him (or rather fought him). The god of mischief is keeping his hands behind his back, though his face looks serious.
“Right,” Harry says, though sounding a bit unsure. Lunch, after that, gets a bit tense again. They try more conversation, but nothing really feels good to talk about. Instead, they then take their stuff and make their way to the next class. When Peter sees MJ joining the group, he looks down immediately, cheeks blushing red in a reaction.
- Tony has to make decisions
He falls down on the ground, throwing Eddie off his feet and making him fly slightly into the air before he, too, hits the ground. He makes a painful sound.
The two move inside the floating circle. Even going through it, it doesn’t feel like they’ve been travelling who knows how far. It’s more like they’re just going to the next room. There, in what seems like an abandoned underground bunker, stand a few of the remaining Avengers. Tony can see Barnes with Natasha, Thor, his brother Loki and Peter’s friend Yaël. Then there’s Scott, Wanda, Rhodey, the Guardians... There’s no Pepper, no Clint or Sam, or T’Challa. The Fantastic Four have been missing for a long while as well.
“Flash, I need your car and your phone,” he says. It hurts his throat a bit to talk like this, but he manages to give Flash a scared look on his face. That, of course, next to adoration. Everybody at the school knows Flash adores Spider-Man.
Warnings: crazy car scene, mentions of depression
Instead of being disgusted by Peter’s sick state, Mr. Rogers only holds out his hand towards Peter with a smile. Peter accepts the handshake.
"For that, no more sex for you this week," he tells him lowly. After that, he moves away from the kitchenette and joins the two teenagers on the couch. "Now what are we watching?"
Tony offers. “
“Yeah, uh, thanks,” he says, a bit embarrassed. What’s he doing here? This girl only just dumped Harry
Tony makes a thinking sound. Steve shoves him, as well, making him laugh instead.
Due to the hell the Russo brothers put us through with Infinity War, were going to change some certain points in our stories, so we're able to fix all of it.
about him… Or maybe she was just trying to convince herself? No! How fucked up would it be if she was missing that one guy who put her through all sorts of misery? Next to the brainwashing into the Chitauri-attack, they had fought a lot too. Sometimes really, physical fighting.
“You know, if you ask Kristen out from Statistics, she’d probably say yes.”
“Under disguises, Steve. Everything we do, it’s undercover. People don’t recognize us.”
Peter shrugs. “Nauseated, my head also aches and my muscles don’t really seem to like me right now. Oh, and is it normal that I have trouble breathing?”
“Well, anyway, I hope you make the team,” Sharon says, being ever so lovely as always. It makes Tony feel guilty for being so furiously jealous at her right now. Especially when she turns back towards Steve. “I’ll see you tonight?”
“Uh, hi guys,” he mutters, instead turning towards the bed and finding Tony lying there, looking like he’s ready to fall asleep on the spot. Next to him stands Steve, still in his uniform. The two of them are the only ones not looking at Peter. That makes it even worse.
Opening the latch on the ceiling, Tony drops himself into the elevator without bothering to lower the noise; at least that way Steve and Barnes are warned about his arrival. He doesn’t want to sneak up on them.
“Please, believe me when I say that I’ll be alright. There’s two super-powered people underneath this roof, both with superhero-families. We’re far from danger.”
Steve yells, louder than Tony has ever heard him yell before. With his shield raised, he starts running again. Going faster and faster, relentlessly, Steve digs his way through the multiple enemies to get to the monster. The murderer.
wants to ask what’s going on with Mr. Stark. He
“No I was just leaving,” Natasha says gently. She squeezes Tony’s shoulder once more before moving out of the hallway, leaving Tony with Cap. The two men just remain quiet when she’s gone, Tony instead looking back out of the window and letting out a sigh.
“I know it,” Steve answers. “Though I don’t mind you repeating it from time to time.”
to tell him the truth. What’s holding Tony back to just announce their past few months together to the whole world?
And then Peter sighs, because he just
, you know?”
“At last,” Ross returns, though not sounding so surprised about it. “We can begin, now.”
Steve nods, Tony’s fingers still on his mouth.
The three men nod with sudden fear clear on their faces. Hurrying out of the gym, she puts a hand on Peter’s shoulder in an attempt to comfort him.
“My dear Steve,” Natasha suddenly starts, catching another ball and throwing it towards Bucky. “When what’s left of you gets around to what’s left to be gotten, what’s left to be gotten won’t be worth getting, whatever it is you’ve got left.”
“No, uh, just… this?” Tony corrects him, gesturing to all around him. Steve smirks and leans back a bit in his seat.
“Iron Man!” somebody shouts, but it’s from afar. His communication-devices are all destroyed. He can’t talk to the others. The Arc Reactor is powered down, the suit is useless. Tony tries to roll onto his back, but even that hurts.
“One month,” Peter says. Thinking back of his friends all spending their Christmas in jail. Natasha not even with the others since men and women are separated. It must suck… They might only have had a sentence of two months, but it lasts long enough when you’re waiting for them.
“May! It’s me, Peter! I’m somewhere in Midtown and I’ve already tried calling Dad but I think there’s something wrong! Can you just tell everybody that I’m safe?”
In front of him sits Wanda; she’s still looking pale, sitting close to a man she’s never met in her life. Tony wonders if she knows the crap this man has pulled towards Bruce, but he figures she doesn’t. Nobody in this room really seems to be aware of it; Bruce never spoke of it, and Tony never mentioned it before. In truth, when he learned that the one and only Thunderbolt Ross ended up being Secretary of State, he’d been a bit surprised.
“We’re at the compound,” Tony explains. “Dr. Cho is checking if you’ve been poisoned, perhaps. Do you remember anything?”
Peter looks up, shrugging a bit like it’s not that big of a deal.
“That doesn’t sound trustworthy at all…”
“Heading out, young man?” Mr. Li asks, his voice friendly as always. Miles wouldn’t be able to pin an age on him, though if he has to guess he’ll say Mr. Li is in his late thirties, early forties. He has jet black hair and large brown eyes. Whenever he smiles, it’s like he’s capable of calming down the entire room.
Peter follows her finger but can’t really find anything that could distinguish the building from the others. Right when he’s about to ask what exactly the girl needs from there, she jumps over the edge of the building, falling down to the ground.
After a few more seconds of Steve pretending to have the time of his life, he suddenly sits up and shouts towards Tony.
Tony can’t really lie to her, he never could. “Amongst many things, yes. You are, I’m sure, aware that my life hasn’t really been much fun…”
“Come to think of it, letting those two handle the needles and stuff probably isn’t that great of an idea. I should better do that myself.” Tony stands up, getting to the medical supplies he has in the workshop. He’s already stocked up on whatever materials he needs for this, but to be honest he wouldn’t have thought he’d be alone when it finally came to it.
“Iron Man?! What are you doing robbing a bank? You’re a billionaire?” Peter continues, easily pushing the man away towards the Hulk, who in turn falls to the ground again, as well. The Cap picks up a weapon and points it towards Peter.
And Tony talks. About the future of the company, the plans they have and the things that have happened in the past where they’ve decide to learn from. Peter’s about sure his heart is going to burst from his chest, but Steve’s there with him. So is May. The two are smiling at him, May holding him into his arms when it seems like the nerves are getting the better of him.
Ned isn’t answering, the call somehow already disconnected. Peter loses the phone.
Mary gets them to an elevator. Awkwardly they stand together, Tony’s hands clasp together in front of him while Mary leans against the wall.
that Peter doesn’t know.
“Come here,” he gestured with his hand. Yaël shook her head.
Widow asks in between their bickering. At that moment, Steve comes running back towards them.
Peter laughs lowly. He doesn’t know where Tony is guiding him to so he just follows. Suddenly, a window opens up, revealing it was actually a door. Behind it, there’s some sort of pillar. Peter can’t take his eyes off it.
“Oh, you know, going back in time. Had a little chat with the mother of my son. Switched out some blood samples. The usual.” Tony waves off his own comment as if they’re not really that important. Now it’s Strange who looks like he’s just seen a ghost.
I want to add that surely it won't be as easy as I've described to get some blood samples, but for the sake of the story let's just imagine that it is ;-)
He knows that the others are talking about it as well. He can hear them whispering in class, talking during lunch. On his way to his locker, they’re on about it; could it be drugs? Could it be cancer? Was he drunk? It’s news about an Avenger, and nobody is going to let it go, he knows.
“Then maybe the problem’s in you, isn’t it?” Peter snaps, before his eyes open up wide and his hand covers his mouth. Tony glares at him, unmoving for a whole minute before he, too gets to his feet.
“You can try it, but it doesn’t prove
I remember when I wrote this chapter, I dicussed with Caspinn whether or not it wasn't maybe going too far. That maybe I was making too much drama or anything. I even planned on scrapping the whole thing and restart the following two chapters all over. Eventually, I decided to keep it, still, as I couldn't really come up with any other way to bring everybody back together (how horrible, I am...)
Tony’s hands pull back, and suddenly he’s shifting. He forces himself to sit up again, taking a few seconds to catch his breath before he stands up. Meanwhile, Steve comes up as well, frowning at Tony.
“Miss Parker, my name is dr. Stephen Strange and I’m-“
“Listen, Steven. I understand your need to return and be with your beloved. More than you can imagine. But the fact remains that he said he does not want you there. And whether that fact is true or not, you must respect his wishes.”
“-and I thought it looked good, smart and all, but then she fails me because,
Tony never touches the man, even though Steve seems to find
May asks. Tony quickly establishes a connection with Peter’s phone and directs the call back to him. After that, he puts the device down again.
Then he runs off, grabbing Eddie by the shirt and taking him along. Peter watches them go, grinning from underneath his mask. He turns towards Ned, seeing the guy still looking at him with his mouth open. Peter shakes his head, steps forward, and starts to wipe away the dust on his shirt.
“Peter Benjamin Parker-Stark, you better lower the volume,” Tony hisses at him angrily.
The three follow her downstairs. The ride down in the elevator is quiet. Peter doesn’t know what to say to Tony. Pepper’s checking her phone, and MJ is looking at her straightened hair as if it just personally betrayed her. Even after clearing his throat, Peter shouldn’t be surprised that nobody says anything.
“But, he needs to understand that the moment he reaches the age of maturity, he’ll have to make his decision on the Accords.”
“People would call this ‘dating’,” Steve offers. Tony rolls his eyes but he can’t help the smirk on his lips.
“I’ll head to Bruce’s floor, I’m sure he has an extra bed for me. Do you need any help carrying him downstairs?” Hilde points towards Bucky, who is now completely out of the world. Natasha gives him a long look before shaking his head.
“Ain’t she a sleepin’ beauty?” Steve asks fondly. Tony smiles again.
“Tony!” Steve shouts, trying to get his attention. Tony takes a few shaky breaths, feeling his eyes sting. Eventually, he turns towards Steve, feeling just ready to reach inside his own chest and just rip his heart out. That would be less painless than what he’d just seen.
While she was still keeping her wall of tiles up with her hand, she simply stared at Wade, more specifically at the hand that was shooting around and aimed with her other hand.
want weapons?” he mutters. Of course, he’s thinking back of the Super Soldier program that got Bruce into the mess that he’s currently still dealing with.
What had she been thinking? She wasn’t normal, she would never be! Why did she hurt so many people? Yaël didn’t understand, her thoughts tumbled. As soon as she bought a few bottles, she started sprinting again, this time to her apartment. People looked at her, pointed at her, talked about, because she hurt their families, because she ruined their homes.
Yaël wanted to bite back that she could do it on her own, but she knew she couldn’t and Vision surely didn’t deserve her bitchy answers. So she tried to calm down a bit, but the wound hurt like hell, and nodded.
,” FRIDAY says, and Tony smiles.
“Tony enforced it with some of the vibranium we collected after defeating Ultron. It can take a lot more blows now,” Steve says, getting off the vehicle and taking his shield back into his arms. “Now, I see the fight is up there.”
“Are you alright, Peter?”
“You say that now. Wait until you get into the college life, Mr. Parker,” Steve responds to that, and Peter honestly has nothing to say to that. He’ll try not to let college make him forget about his family, he supposes?
“What the hell do you mean by that?” they ran around a corner, into another hallway. Wade was way quicker than her, she was even kind of losing him. Until he suddenly stopped. Well, he didn’t exactly stop running, he just…froze. As Yaël looked around, she noticed everyone stopped moving. She couldn’t hold back the gasp as she saw Logan froze right behind her.
“When?”
Memories they seem to show up so quick but they leave you far too soon.
“Hey, sweety,” May mumbles against his ear. “Did you sleep well?”
Updates are on Sunday's from now on, and hopefully I'll get more chapters ready so they can become bi-weekly again.
Tony sits back down, throwing his feet on the table while grabbing some weird rubix-like-cube that has been sitting on the table. It’s the next form of puzzling from what the social media said. Tony figured it out in three minutes.
Normally his plan had been to talk to Ned after this, to try and befriend the guy. All he’s thinking of right now is to call up
Unless… that first interview, those papers Peter dropped. They were results for a DNA-screening, as far as Tony remembers. There hadn’t been any names on it, but Tony can recall the page as well as any other because of his memory. Just one look had been enough to store it in his brain.
Peter shrugs in return. “Not really”, he mutters. His brain has been doing worse on the matter of ‘going overdrive’. This right here is not
“I, uh, I do?” Peter calls out, uncertainly, thinking back of his friends currently stuck in the Compound.
Peter nods. “That would be awesome,” he says. Then the two say goodbye, and go their separate ways. Peter is grinning the entire way to the car, and even before he can step inside of the vehicle he grabs Tony and gives him another strong hug.
“I’ll sleep when this is finished,” Tony mutters. “Dum-E, another coffee, please!”
“Peter, what’s that?” Felicia asks all of the sudden, pulling Peter out of the article. She leans up, reading along over his shoulder in a speed tempo. Then she smirks, putting out her tongue playfully. “My guess is that they’re a thing.”
Wait, somebody’s calling. Who is it? Peter opens his eyes, but he can’t see anything. His lungs are burning, mouth dry, fingers aching from all the struggling. Even his legs have stopped scrambling against the ground.
Being Tony Stark is
The realization: Steve deals with the guilt that come when he realizes Peter is Spider-Man
“The others got it, kiddo,” Mr. Stark assures him before beginning to pick him up without trying to jostle his shoulder too much. Still, Peter has to let out a grunt of pain, feeling the sting with even the smallest movements. “I’ll be quick.”
And with FRIDAY’s help, Peter starts picking stuff off the ground. There’s still a lot to do.
Who did he think he was? Well, at least, there were enough trees in the park if she wanted to hide behind it in shame.
And just when Yaël thought her club of loneliness was complete, Icarus walked in.
“You won’t hold out for long without it.”
“I mean it, Steve. Stay on the team. Don’t quit because of what I said during a bad moment.”
He doesn’t know how much time has passed since he was taken and now, but he knows it can’t be much. Mr. Stark drops him gently on the ground, but Peter still stumbles forward and starts breathing heavily. Behind him, Mr. Stark steps out of his suit.
“Whoa, how did you stumble upon him?” Peter asks curiously. Yaël shrugs.
Karen says, sounding happy. Peter smiles proudly underneath the mask, deciding to sit up again. “
“Your boyfriend?” Natasha offers. Tony gives her a glare.
“What do you mean?” she asked instead while getting up and looking around for some kind of exit or window. Korg followed her while he was chattering. “Well, you’re a gladiator now, just like I am, and you’re purpose here is, uh... being a gladiator.”
There are so many more things going through his mind as he stares outside the car window, but his brain feels like mush and it doesn’t feel like there will be anything coherent coming out of there anytime soon.
“I’ll handle Tony,” Steve whispers against his lips with a light smile. Tony grins before kissing him one more time, this time more out of reflex. Then he pulls away. He doesn’t say goodbye to the others, doesn’t even think about saying goodbye to the kids, or Mary. That’s the other Tony’s life, not his.
you even here? I thought you were in hiding? Were you here the whole time?”
And also completely honest.
“YOU DID WHAT?!” he hisses at him, trying to shout in a whisper. Tony takes a deep breath. Here’s to a whole lot of explaining.
Somehow, Peter managed to finish his school-year. He didn’t experience it, mostly living in a blur at the thought that Gwen wasn’t there anymore. The school had come together to memorialize her, but Peter hadn’t gone. He had been at Gwen’s grave, instead.
“Where- what happened?” Peter mumbles, barely opening his mouth. It’s May who answers, leaning forward and passing her hand through his hair lovingly.
Peter frowns, but doesn’t comment on it. He follows Steve to the counter, sitting on one of the bar stools while watching the super soldier work on his food. Is it him, or does Steve appear a bit… distracted?
“There’s no music, Yaël, let’s go to bed.”
There, despite the bad vibe they had between them when Steve left, he manages to smile again before going to sleep. He doesn’t answer normally, though, because he doesn’t want to come over like he’s worried. Instead, he simply sends back a wink-emoticon.
“You need any help with the search?” Tony asks before stuffing his mouth with his food. He keeps his eyes on May while he chews.
She remembered Fury and X discussing the fact that X trained her for a while. That probably happened at his school, right? So she nodded.
“My god, the peace! It’s so silent in here!” Yaël laughed and turned around in a circle just once while sniggering. This restful place was so welcome, there ran a single tear from Yaël’s eye.
“Peter!” May calls out, getting back on her feet and running up to Peter. She pulls off his mask and checks his face. “I was so worried! Are you alright?”
“I can’t cure him all at once,” she explains without looking up from her cards. “His emotions are really hard to handle. Besides, what I manipulate is still there, just… shifted. He’s still going to need to do most of the work himself.”
“Most of the time, Merc with a mouth, after all! Now, let’s go. It’s Friday and I need to stalk Parker in the pizzeria.”
But then he hears that ever so quiet sound, from over the couch. Tony walks up, a bit curious as to what it could be. When his phone buzzes in the pocket of his pants, he takes a quick look. It’s Peter, telling him he’s going to the movies tonight with May. Tony wishes them a lot of fun in a quick reply.
Peter hesitates for a moment, remembering that he’s wearing his suit underneath. Mr. Stark isn’t paying any attention to him, but Peter can impossibly remove his entire suit in such a short time. Besides, surely Mr. Stark has surveillance here!
“No, I’ll be fine. I was just startled,” Peter responds. Tony gives him a long look before the teenager starts to get uncomfortable. Then eventually he gives up. “Alright, I’ll wait here.”
too casually. Steve’s hand already pulls back in surprise, and he sits up.
“You really need to stop calling me during school hours, I’m fine,” Peter says while rolling his eyes. He walks through the locker room without needing to change, and hurries towards the door to continue working outside. After this, he still has biology before the school day is finished.
The way it was obvious for Tony that the kid didn’t want to fight Steve. Because Peter wouldn’t want to do it, yet he still did it because Tony asked…
“Peter… Tony Stark doesn’t have children,” Gwen adds hastily. “And why wouldn’t it be possible to have your Uncle on the phone?”
for a year!” What the hell?! A whole year? She knew she had been in a coma, but no one ever told her how long she had been out.
“Yeah, okay, heard you were going to kidnap me so I brought along extra pizza. That way I’ll have something to eat while a complete stranger starts to probe me,” Peter calls out, praising his own sarcasm once again. Creepy Stalking Guy puts a hand on his face and makes a fake expression that should come over as insulted, but Peter doesn’t buy it, instead turning around to take a look at the apartment.
(See the end of the chapter for
It helps that Rhodey keeps on cheering him on in the meantime.
In the next hour, he’s gone through all of Midtown. He follows a mugger all the way to Hell’s Kitchen where he finds a surprising lack of
“Shut up.”
“Yeah, uh, I’m not really the leader of the group, that’s something we mostly leave for Steve,” Tony says. He can remember going to battle yesterday. There was an argument, Peter was there, and so was Steve. But Tony can’t remember they were fighting against a scientist? Jesus, he needs to find out what’s going on.
“What I’m trying to say with this, kid, is that there’s no shame at all in dealing with some mental issues. More people than you know have had trouble with it in the past.” Then Mr. Stark gets up once more, dropping his glass on the table and slowly nearing Peter at his couch. “I know you’ve lost more people than you should in such a young age. And it’s good that you try to keep them in your mind, but you also mustn’t forget to live in the present, to make new friends and form new families.”
Luckily, they haven’t suggested a sleep-over already. Peter’s not sure he’s ready for that just yet.
“I don’t have a girlfriend, so no,” Clint throws back. “Steve, buddy, I know this sucks, but if you go back you put all of us in danger.”
“So you’re telling me one of Richard’s spiders will bite Peter? What happens to him?”
The man checked on Yaël taking her prescribed sleeping pills too. These surely caused her to sleep and, by chance, stopped the wandering into memories, which Yaël kind of kept from sleeping since she panicked a bit as she thought about those. And one can’t sleep while stressing out about sleeping, right?
“Sharon, if you think that this is the right thing to do, then you should do it. If you say SHIELD’s back, I believe you. Of course, I’m going to keep tabs on them, obviously.”
“It’s good now,” Johnny says at last, dropping his hands and letting out a long breath. Turning off his own flames, he walks back towards the others. Standing next to Peter, he holds out his hand to help him up. Peter gratefully takes the aid.
“Why not?” Peter asks in response to Tony’s remark. The inventor shrugs without taking his eyes away from the tablet.
"What, you're afraid you're going to lose?" Tony baits him. Clint gasps, copying what Thor did earlier. Then he grabs one of the guns and nods towards his teammates.
Somehow, Peter managed to swab something from Tony’s DNA, and got it tested with his own.
with Steve, and he knows he’s close to losing control of it all. Normally there’s always at least
“Good, how early can you be here?” Where the heck was here? Could she go there by bus?
“He stays out of my head. Claims that I should figure everything out on my own,” she explains. Peter lifts up an eyebrow. Wade clarifies.
Before Peter can near any of them, he’s suddenly punched away. A hard blow against the face sends him flying in the air until he lands on his back, painfully. Realizing that he might have been attacked by one of these weapons, Peter scrambles back up and shoots at the car until he’s attached to it.
Peter squeezes his eyes shut again. The raining has gone even stronger now, and Peter’s completely wet from head to toe. If he stays here much longer, he’ll probably end up with a cold, which really is a no-go in August.
Peter’s lying on the ground  in the middle of the airport, his mask slightly lifted from his face so he can catch his breath. Things are crap. Shit. It’s all fucked up, and now here he is, a pulsing ache in his head and his whole body about ready for him to fall asleep.
So it
“Whatever you just said, fuck you, too,” Rhodey returns affectionately. Before Peter knows it, he speaks up as well.
“I’m sorry, I should have called before I left,” Tony returns. Steve shakes his head. Pulling him into a hug, Tony lets his head rest on the man’s shoulder.
“I’m here to introduce you to somebody, Aunti Peg,” Tony tells her. Once Peter is next to him, Tony takes his hand and reaches it towards Peggy’s. The woman looks up at him with her glassy eyes, confusion clear on her face.
that he’ll call Mr. Stark to say that he’ll be a bit too late. That would just be pushing his luck.
Training with Peter is good distraction. He talks about school, about senior prom being planned too much ahead of time. Natasha listens, sometimes uses his distractedness for her advantage. Peter takes the blows, avoiding most of them. Training has changed much now that they all know he’s actually Spider-Man. And
“They simply couldn’t decline, Loki!” Yaël crossed her arms. Why did she even bother arguing with that stubborn man?
Tony nods. He holds up his thumb, and then waves her goodbye. He’s tired of speaking. A poke in the side indicates that Dum-E has finally finished the coffee. After Natasha ends the call, Tony takes it from him.
Tony then begs of him.
Steve looks a little pensive, clearly out of his debt here due to all the science they’re talking about. Peter knows that Steve has no idea what it’s all about. He gets points for trying to understand it, at least. Keeping up with Tony is just an unusual hard job that not everybody can do.
“Well, this was surely the start of something…” he answered, not finishing his sentence as he scratched his head, like he was hesitant to say it.
“What for?” he asks, though he has an idea what it’s actually about.
“No, idiot, to the medical center firstly and then to your new room.” Right, she didn’t have a place to stay anymore. All her stuff, her cello, her new clothes, her sofa, they were all gone.
Peter stands up, still frowning as he goes to where Steve instructed him. There he takes three plates and puts them down on the counter, resuming his search to find some knives and forks instead. The only sound he hears then is the bacon baking in the pan above all the butter, and the spoon mashing the eggs together.
Tony calls out.
, a part of his brain says.
“Mr. Stark?” Peter asks when he sees that the man hasn’t moved in the past hour. He’s leaning forward on his desk, head resting on his hands and elbows on the table. At first, Peter thought he had been sleeping, but after walking by a few times he saw that his eyes were open. Whatever it is, it seems to be taking all of his attention.
“NED?!” he asks in a shout. “You’re
“I know.” Tony raises his head, getting his mouth close to Steve’s. He doesn’t kiss him, though. “But you would have loved me anyway, no?” he asks.
, Steve. A person hitting their partner? That’s abuse. Don’t you get what that makes of me? An
That father who was Tony Stark.
“Don’t tell me you’re actually idiots, because I might just have to break up with you if you are,” Natasha mutters. “As long as
, Steve. My fucking mental health isn’t any of your concern anymore.”
Wanda once told Yaël that she had hated Stark her whole life and she somehow grew out of it once she had actually met him, so that man couldn’t be that bad, right?
The truth was, Yaël wasn’t mad at Peter, but at herself. She could have called him, or visit him randomly, but she didn’t do that, and now she didn’t even know her friend got attacked or how he was doing. Maybe he couldn’t sleep from the pain. Or maybe Stark didn’t like him either. Or maybe Stark just didn’t want to have anything to do with his son… Yaël didn’t know, because she hadn’t called him to ask.
“Peter, you’re not broken at all,” Steve starts. Peter just shrugs.
Peter nods, closing his eyes once more as if he’s about to fall asleep. May leans back in her chair after that, giving Tony a worried look. He, too, feels nothing but dread inside of him.
“You’ll get what I mean when you see it,” Professor X quickly added when he saw the confusion on her face.
Felicia heads on home after that. While Peter goes back to the apartment to get ready for the party Johnny mentioned, Felicia gives him another playful wink and clicks her tongue at him as a way of saying goodbye. Peter rolls his eyes but waves back as she jumps into the cab that just stopped for her.
It doesn’t happen often that one of the assigned deliverers fall sick, and they often have replacement for it, but when two of them fall sick at the same time, it looks like the boss has to compromise a bit and send out one of the waiters instead.
“Tony, you’re seeing this?” Bruce asks, not looking up. Instead, he drops down on the couch between Steve and Tony – probably without thinking about it – and leaning towards Tony to see where he’s currently at.
But even that movie portrays his Dad the very way he used to be. And while it gets better in the ending, Peter still thinks it pretty much sucks in the beginning. Enough to make him want to walk out of the theater. Not only because of the sex-scenes, but mostly because of the fact that that actor is supposed to be portraying his Dad being in very… creative positions with other women.
“You’re on thin ice here, Mr. Parker. I don’t know if you care about catching up in school, but there aren’t many more chances the school are willing to give.”
Everything went well during this one, his parents got married, she even added a picture of her first ultrasound of Peter, and after that he’s ready to go to the next one.
“I’m not saying it’s impossible, but there would have to be safeguards,” he admits at last. Tony can feel his heart actually jump at that, and he can’t help his sudden enthusiasm. Maybe things don’t have to be so bad between them. Maybe they’ll actually see eye-to-eye.
Yaël stomped through the street while slamming on the touch screen of her phone. Wait a bloody minute. Steve’s number wasn’t in her phone… what?! She still didn’t have his number! Suddenly Yaël discovered she walked too far, which didn’t light up her mood.
Not that the battle was exhausting, he’s been through worse. This was merely a training exercise gone wrong. But psychologically, the idea that their own friends would turn so easily against them? For one moment Peter regrets coming here. Because, for everything in the world, he would rather have not seen this.
“At least I tried. I hope you can forgive yourself one day for making this bad decision.” Yaël quickly pulled the door shut behind her when another blow of fire smacked against the wall next to her. She could hear her sister yell and scream through the hallway.
teeth, might he add!
scare me like that again!”
“Well, he’s Spider-Man, of course!” Creepy Stalking Guy says, and then the alarms start ringing inside of Peter’s head. How does this guy even
Peter lets out a sigh, once again wondering how Harry’s doing right now. What time is it in Paris? Is it day? Probably not, right? Maybe it’s night? But Harry’s surely not sleeping yet, obviously out with friends, maybe a few girls. Peter knows Harry isn’t one to shy away from the pleasures of the flesh.
“How could it not?!”
“Were you ever going to tell us? About you and Barnes?”
“I have to work until seven, but I’m free tomorrow…meh, why not.”
“He barely sleeps,” Steve admits, stopping the channel-surfing when he gets to the news. “He’s got nightmares and no matter how much we talk about them, they don’t stop.”
“GIVE ME A BREAK!” Tony shouts even harder, startling even Steve.
“It’s because… you said we needed to talk that day with the principal, but so far you haven’t said anything about it,” Peter continues. Tony sighs as he puts a bandage on Peter’s bloody finger. He’s cleaned it, but it won’t stop bleeding so it’s better to just put something on it for a moment. At least, that’s how Tony does it all the time.
Only, eventually seems to be lightyears away, right now.
Because he’s heard what the people want. He knows the compromises he’s getting from them. Knows what would happen if he wouldn’t fight for his former team.
Steve hesitated before he said it. “It’s Tony…”
Chapter warnings:
“This really isn’t a good idea,” he says, but then he motions for Peter to go on.
“Fuck off, dude,” Johnny returns before turning back around. “There’s a party at seven in Katie’s house.”
FRIDAY says, but the way she’s speaking sounds weird, as if she’s trying to give away another, unspoken message. “
Maybe we should start from the beginning.
“I’m sure they aren’t. I’ve hacked into SHIELD once, I can probably do it even faster now,” Tony says with a smirk. Then he points at his head. “My head’s like a computer. I’m connected to everything in this building.”
complexes, Steve.”
“So why are you walking around barefoot?” What did she have to say? Because she permanently needed to distract herself?
She sighed and looked at Charles.
- Tony being reckless
“Did, uh, did you know? About me being Peter’s father?” Tony suddenly finds himself asking, curious for the answer. May clears her throat a bit, not looking away from Peter in the bed.
“No, it’s good that you’re here. You’re kind of involved, too,” Charles points out. “I trust you haven’t noticed good Mr. Wilson sitting there on that chair behind you?”
“I mean, you’re not ugly, you have a nice, if maybe a bit sassy, character, there are men out there who surely want to date you… Why wouldn’t you go for it?” Peter asked curiously.
“Today, Peter was me, and Harry was Bucky. Somehow, in a way, the Goblin has taken over much like the Winter Soldier did with Buck. Just imagine, after losing so many people at such a young age, wouldn’t Peter want anything more than to get his best friend back?”
“Let me at least turn on the TV, get the music channel up or something?” Johnny tries the moment Steve enters the living room with a heavy box in each arm.
(See the end of the chapter for
to, Dad! He’s going to steal your tech to make his own weapons!”
But, of course, he can’t catch a break. So he decides to head back. Steve followed him all the way back. So did Rhodey and Bruce. And, of course, nobody should forget Peter, who now has a Mantis tagging along the entire time to make sure that he’s still alright.
Tony nods at her, watching her disappear into Peter’s room. Tony lets out a long breath and looks up at the ceiling.
“Shit,” Steve coughs out through the dust. Tony gives him a quick look, checking for any injuries.
“No way, I’m feeling alright, okay? I can walk around no problem!”
“LOOK AT MY PLATES!” she happily yelled, totally unaware that she lost her own poke-war and that she had been rejected by an unknown person just a minute ago. Yaël showed the plates she got from Wade. Steve just threw her a tired smile. Then he frowned, like he suddenly thought of something.
“Bodyguards, am I right?” Peter jokes. Shuri laughs again. They leave the dancefloor when the DJ announces he’s about to play the last song. They take place at the table again, Peter takes out his wallet and heads up to get some of those waffles for everybody. He jumps in surprise when he turns around and somebody stands behind him all of the sudden.
That’s when he realizes he took his next turn too late. With the movement too abrupt, he shoots out a web to help with it but ends up with the tires of the car leaving the ground. Then, suddenly, the car tips over, scraping over the ground towards another street light?
“Don’t get me wrong, you’re still an intern,” Mr. Stark says as they start walking towards the entrance. “I’m just assigning you as my
“A couple of you should head back and take care of that symbiote possessing your kid. But be careful, it might seem compliant now, but when you get it off it’ll try to escape. Don’t let it out.”
And they talk for a bit. Bucky about being with Natasha, about how his head seems to be doing much better thanks to Shuri’s therapy. Sam, meanwhile, stays awfully quiet about any sort of love-life he’s having. Instead he talks about last night’s game, and his upcoming plans on maybe going to play baseball with the team as some sort of bonding exercise.
They put her down in a sort of chair that immediately kept her chained, as an old man came to her with a scissor-looking machine in his hands. No...THE SCISSOR-MACHINE WAS HIS HAND!
“Stark,” Yaël answered dryly.
It was only around the end of May that they got the right lead. With Bruce and Tony being almost extremely certain that they were right this time, the team travelled to Sokovia. That was where all the troubles started.
“Mister Parker,” he starts, cursing himself internally after that.
“No, dad made sure nobody was in there tonight,” he says. Everybody lets out a long sigh. When Peter hears something else approaching, he looks up into the sky.
“Peter, are you alright?!” she asks, sounding worried. There’s a hand on his head, and another one on his shoulder.
way recovered enough for that already. The fact remains that he still should be in the hospital right now, but knowing Tony Stark, waiting in there isn’t his strongest suit.
“Show me,” he says as soon as Peter opens the box, and then the teenager hands it to him, allowing Mr. Stark to finally look at the thing that according to everybody is impossible to make unless you’re a Stark or a Vanko. Luckily, Peter fits that description, even though nobody knows it.
“Wynedell,” Steve corrects him.
After they put away the plates, they decided it was time to go. “So, are we going to have sex after this?” Wade asked as they were walking down the stairs.
“I had my suspicions ever since Mary decided to shut you out right before ending pregnant with Peter,” she admits. “Of course, she never admitted, and I never asked.”
“You’re not wounded, are you?” Tony asks with a raspy voice. Peter shakes his head.
“Rogers! Visitor!” she calls out. Through the window, Peter can see one figure look up. Where he would have expected orange uniforms like on TV, he’s dressed in all white. His beard has grown since last time Peter saw him, and his hair, despite an attempt to make it look neat, looks like it’s everywhere.
she admits. “
Then Steve is out of the room. Peter stands there for a little moment, eyes averted from the scene. There’s tears threatening to roll out. Tony reaches out for him, indicating that he needs to come close. Peter drops his bag again and sits on the side of the bed, allowing Tony to hug him tightly. It’s not an easy position, given the immobilization he’s currently in.
“I don’t really think so, no,” Tony responds.
Tony turns, seeing Steve and Sam talking to George and Michael and shaking their hands. Peter sees immediately that the slight lowering of Tony’s shoulder comes undone the moment he sees his partner standing there, so close but still far away.
Outside, he can see Steve and Sam sparring together. It seems like a lost cause for the Falcon, though Peter thinks the Captain is taking it easy on him. He decides not to interrupt him and just walks them by.
It’s a truly uneventful day in New York, Peter quickly comes to realize.
Yaël was glad that she didn’t scare Peter by touching him after the traumatizing morning she had given him. “He was a cool dude. Didn’t speak much, either,” she added. Yaël was talking about Bucky. It had been a long time she had talked about it, as Steve rather ignored the fact that it had happened and she hadn’t really told anyone else. Well, she didn’t remember anyone else, so who knows what she had told to who.
Peter tries to hold on. He tries as much as he can. But even from where he’s currently hanging on for his life, he can see the web giving up. Small strands of black web breaks, thinning it out to a point where Peter’s rather surprised it’s still holding him.
Chapter warnings
It’s then that Steve notices the weapon Thor is holding. It’s not the Stormbreaker, or… it is. But it’s not
“You have something to say, Rogers?” Tony asks. It’s out before he knows it, but he doesn’t even feel guilty right now. Steve’s been called worse by him in the past.
Peter blushes a bit at that.
“So strong,” Steve agrees before going back up and returning to Tony’s lips.
“It’s way too hot there.”
“Dude, I didn’t believe you when you said you see better from up high, but it looks like you were right;
“No, firecracker, actually I’m not,” Ben counters. “We fly and go where-ever we want, trying to make things better but sometimes making things worse. Maybe we
Darcy starts walking off after that, probably searching through all the other people here to get somebody that pleases her eyes. Steve notices immediately when she spots Sam sitting there, still looking at whatever beasty they got.
“Well, it’s about Christmas,” he starts. Then he explains everything that he’s been thinking about, bringing up his friends’ suggestions, the Avengers’, and eventually his idea to build him something, himself. Pepper listens to everything, giving him a fonder look with every second.
Getting on the ship was the worst mistake Yaël had ever made, but on the other side, if she had stayed on Helvegen, it would have been the death of her as the whole kingdom was trying to hunt her down. Some nights, she had heard footsteps and whispering, but the guards had never managed to find her in that cave. Once they’d got into the ship, Loki turned two-faced. Yaël had much trouble adjusting to its technology, but that was nothing compared to how she got treated and how she had to adjust towards Loki.
FRIDAY asks in his mind. That’s the good thing about Extremis, Tony figures. Or, it’s not really extremis. It’s something completely new, based off extremis. Being connected to the world, to everything electrical at all times… it makes him feel all-knowing for some reason. Especially when he can just have silent conversations with his AI inside his head without the others knowing about it.
“I’m not moving in with MJ?!” Peter almost shouts out, surprised even by his own reaction to that. MJ’s just been a touchy subject, lately.
“Why didn’t you tell him you’re his son?” she asks, curiously. Peter shrugs.
Suddenly, another person comes walking inside. One look at her face, and Tony knows all he can about her.
“Just… try to sleep for a moment, okay?”
Anyway, sorry for the sudden pathology-lesson!
I might have some good news: I'm almost finished writing the story. The chapter updates might go up from two chapters a week to maybe three or four!
It’s an easy mistake, he thinks; he’s often fighting crime on the streets (which he still hasn’t been doing three weeks after getting wounded), building a super-suit with his father (which he’s also sure would have been finished already had Tony not waited for Peter every time), and going to actual
-	Yo, Sugarmuffin. Chasin the Squirrelgirl took me a few more days than I expected. Or maybe my decapitation did after I fell from a tree... on an electric fence.  Ukno, the sort with the sharp pin-thingies on top? Like in a jail? Not that I ended up in jail during the6 days we didn't see each other. Hehehe. Well, anyhow, I somehow ended up in Death Valley, ukno, that place with all the sand and rocks? It took me until 2day to grow back arms and hands, so now I'm able to text again. I'm still laying in the sand at the moment, since I still only have grown back baby legs... But I think I'll be back by tomorrow evening. So, what do u think? Wanna hang out?
to hold a baby. Tony sighs a bit sadly, holding out a finger and letting Raido grab for it.
Crap, his reflexes hit immediately, making him jump to the right, though not fast enough. The gun grazes over his shoulder, drawing blood and tearing through his suit.
“Peter, can you hear me?”
Graves, what a weird concept; burying whole bodies. On Helvegen, the bodies were laid into a huge fire pit. The ashes were taken by the cavalry into the woods and freely flew out of the open bags as soon as the horses started galloping between the trees.
“I’ve decided to step back from the Avengers,” Tony explains. “It’s not like I can fight alongside them now, and the action is not really good for me.” Tony keeps on toying with Peter’s hair, but now with both his hands.
“Some would say it brought our country closer to war,” Steve states. Tony lets out a deep breath and looks at the ceiling.
Right, so much for their couple of steps back. Ah, well, they didn’t say they would go back to the complete beginning, right?
“I figure Pepper wasn’t too happy about that news?” Steve tried.
Yaël fell back on her knees and let the unconsciousness finally take her over again. Sometimes she woke up, hearing Nilla curse. Then she saw the moon, but the next time she saw the sun coming up. Sometimes she heard sirens, but there was no hope as this alley she was laying in was so small and unnoticeable. She was sweating, but she was cold on the same time and she had no energy left to get up and go search for help. She tried it sometimes, but it only led her back to complete darkness.
The way he asked it made it clear that it was meant in a joking way. Steve still rolled his eyes, though.
Her mother, Agostina, had never been in the picture. She died when Yaël couldn’t even walk yet. Apperantly, Yaël had a younger sister, Nilla, who stayed in town when her father decided to move out. But why? Why did a young kid like Nilla decided to stay alone in a town? And why did Cem decide to move out of that town?
- Small panic attacks due to medication habituation (Peter knows what to do and takes care of it)
“Dad, holy crap you saw me only two days ago when you visited MIT!” Peter huffs out, though not at all pushing Tony away.
“Stop being such a wise-ass,” Steve returned, pushing the chair forward to the door. JARVIS opened it up for him automatically, so Steve could push the chair into the elevator once it arrived.
she explains. Peter groans, shutting the drawer again when all he can find is the first few versions of the gauntlets and the mask. Instead he moves on to the following years. Once he gets to 2012, there’s a surprising lack of
Peter feels himself grin when the guy presses a button to open the door. The students jump back in surprise, making a little path for the two to pass.
“YOU KICKED STEVE OUT AGAIN?!”
“What did I miss in the time I was gone?” Peter asks. He drops down on the couch next to Steve and pulls up the remote for the TV. Starting up his favorite channel, he sees that show about that Dutch vet is back on.
Is he supposed to answer here? What’s going on? Is she on this again, with her conspiracies and shit?
“You are supposed to be in bed,” Steve grits out, pulling the chair along behind him while Tony is still in there.
they’re going to bed together. It might also be that Tony kicks Steve out, or Steve will just sleep on Bruce’s floor to cool off. Or he’ll be training the anger off.
It must be minutes when the car finally stops moving. With a groan, both Peter and Yaël start to remove themselves from their seats. While the two of them still have powers, they’re still vulnerable as any other person, meaning that trying to move still hurts like
Yaël was still running, but this time away from Peter. She made some sort of string out of the water of the pond behind her, and steered it at the green creep. Without even a hand gesture, Yaël made the string bind itself around the ankle of the Green Goblin. He fell down and got carried over the ground as Yaël made the string pull her victim back.
Only a few days later, Yaël received a phone call from Steve.
“Wait, just… who are you again?”
“The men’s showers.”
Happy rolls his eyes and walks back, reaching out to a door knob and heading into a room which Peter thought was just a closet. Gesturing him inside, Peter realizes it’s a whole other part of the room, almost three times the size of Peter’s own bedroom at the apartment.
“No…I mean, there used to be another man I called ‘dad’, so it’s still kind of weird. I don’t know, maybe I’ll call Tony ‘dad’ later or maybe I won’t ever, it doesn’t really matter what I call him, right?”
And then Steve is gone to the hallway, getting through the door that Peter didn’t open earlier. Peter clears his throat, feeling a weird sort of dread going through him at the idea that Steve might already start regretting it. That can’t happen, not when Tony is finally starting to be happier again – not happy; it’ll take a lot more time before he can be called that.
“What does that make me?” Ben asks from a little further away. Tony startles upon hearing his voice roar out. Facing the fourth member of the Fantastic Four, he bows forward a bit.
“Yeah, it was a bit of a tough night for him,” Tony jokes, but Peter catches something in his voice. He sounds off, a bit distant. Please, don’t say there’s something wrong between them, again? “Painkiller’s not working, so he’ll have to fight this one off the hard way.”
“So, how were the DNA-results? You got them, right?” Yaël asked Peter as they walked into the park. She remembered him talking about it during the pizza-night. Peter nodded, he looked a bit nervous.
“I knew you were coming,” she hummed happily. Yaël crossed her arms and kept a distance.
Well, today’s that day, and seeing them walk in, Tony understands that now they might announce it.
Peter takes the bag from Tony and stares at him with an open mouth. If he talks about ‘putting it on’, that could only mean one thing, right?
excited the moment Peter shared the news. Harry and Johnny are coming, and so are Yaël and Wade. Wanda and Vision already live at the compound, so it’s obvious they’ll be there as well.
Peter then turns back to Harry, holding up his hands.
“Yes way, I know you like your high-tech stuff. Got a raise from work and figured you could use something better than that piece of crap you’ve been repairing for the past two years.”
smarter than Dum-E), gives them their instructions, and then he sits down behind his crowded desk. Without any care in the world, he passes his arm over the surface and pushes everything to the side. There might be a glass that falls along with everything else, but Id-Jit and Butterfingers are already there to clean everything back up. Tony doesn’t pay too much attention to it, instead starting up his screen and waiting for his brain to jump into action.
Tony lets out another sob, but then loosens his grip on Peter at last. He nods, though the heaviness in his chest is just
“I didn’t! I got someone chasing after me, but I saw you two holding out your hands like idiots so I figured you could use the drive. Come, come and follow me into my absolutely safe adventure. If you’re lucky, you might get to see an angry mutated wolverine, but don’t worry, he’s almost harmless!”
And to think what can happen when he forgets to take his medication…
Did Peter just raise his eyebrow a bit?
“Oh, poor boy…” she mumbled.
Tony gives him another small wave when Peter passes him by, but otherwise doesn’t pay too much attention to him. Peter doesn’t take it personally; he’s been quite busy lately, and mostly tense.
“Actually, it’s for Michelle Jones. Though we’ve been promoted to calling her by her initials since we’re supposedly ‘friends’.”
King Eerikki looked amused after hearing Lopt’s shitty explanation. “Oh, I’m curious, what do you need?”
“Okay, calm down now, they can hear you,” Brunnhilde grinned.
“You’re pretty serious about this, aren’t you?” Natasha asks in some mild surprise.
Tony smiles. “Good,” he says. Then he drinks from his glass, eyeing Steve who is still bravely hanging on. Some incredible genius thought it would be a great idea to play twister, which is what they’ve been doing for the past half hour. Tony could have gone for longer, but eventually he decided it was enough for him and he pretended to fail at it. Now, out of the game, he watches how Steve, Barnes, Natasha and Hilde are still going.
Well, better get this show on the road. With a painful grunt he gets himself off the ground. He hasn’t even soaped himself in, and he already walks out, throwing a towel over himself while giving his reflection in the mirror a look. Surprised by his bruised appearance, he wonders how he’s going to explain this to MJ tomorrow if it doesn’t go away in time.
“She’s right, Peter! Head down to the lab and let the others help you out.”
“I hate it,” he mumbles. “I hate it when he goes out in the evening like that with no back-up or anything.”
“That’s good news for him,” Peter says. Bruce nods, though his face is still grim.
Peter doesn’t know who asked the question. All he does is nod and wave away the question, rubbing his forehead as the seconds tick by in his ears.
“Get well soon. I’ll see you next weekend, probably,” Peter mutters out. Right when he heads for the doorknob, Steve’s voice fills the room again.
“Uh, nearing Brooklyn. He’s in an industrial park.”
“You’re kind of talking to yourself, as these things just take over your micro-expressions and the underlying emotions you’re unaware of,” Scott pointed out “You’ve been doing this kind of laborious exercises for days, maybe even weeks already.”
After Steve leaves, it takes another twenty minutes for the front door to open again, only now revealing Natasha walking towards them. She smiles at Peter, and then flicks Tony on the head, earning her an annoyed ‘hey’ from the man. She ignores him, instead sitting down on the couch as well and throwing her legs over Tony’s
“You did a
“Tony?” Steve asks. Tony blinks up at him, eyes stinging. Steve looks sad, heartbroken upon seeing him like this. It sucks, Tony never meant to make him this worried. Steve’s hands go up to Tony’s cheeks, and he holds his face in a semi-tight grip. “Are you with me?”
“I’ll take care of Peter, just get to safety!” Steve shouts back, literally pushing Tony towards the door. With the small bits of metal in Tony’s clothes slowing him down, he obeys for a few seconds before stopping to turn back around. He sees Steve walking to Rosie, asking her something. Peter jumps up to the ceiling and seems to get Otto’s attention.
Chapter warnings
“Why wouldn’t it be?”
“Oh, did you?” She could swear she saw him smirk a bit.
Having grabbed his skateboard, Peter throws it down on the ground none-too-gently before putting one foot on it. He knows it’s quite a little way before he’ll get there, but at least this way he’ll kill more time. In the case that Yaël wouldn’t be home, Peter would just continue walking towards Stark Industries and lose more time. At least this way he can clear his head some more.
A quick feel with his other hand, he realizes it’s an IV-line.
“Pshh, don’t call it that. That’s not- we haven’t really discussed-“
And that’s probably not what Peter needs, because he finds himself grinning widely, pressing his hands against his eyes and dropping himself back down on the bed. Who would have thought this would ever happen? He can’t even remember when he started to
Rhodey laughs lowly, looking down at the puppy in his hands.
“PETER!” MJ shouts in the background. It’s the thing that brings Peter’s mind back to the reality. Quickly, he puts the mask back, jumping to the side only to barely avoid a kick from Eddie. Eddie, who is wearing a mutated version of the black suit Peter used to have.
“Count us in!” Shuri calls out. Then she runs up right under Peter and holds out her hand. “Come on, show-off. Let’s fill our stomachs!”
More often than not he’s hit, but he doesn’t let it stop him. Somewhere during the whole exercise, he even started to have fun in it, finding Wanda and easily convincing her to team up on this to get them back.
“What?! That doesn’t make any sense? He said he was going out of town!”
But the suit turns around.
Peter hits the jackpot almost immediately when he sees a couple of people robbing a little store. One of the masked goons is holding up a gun, waiting for the cashier to hand out all of his money. The old man, a true hero in Peter’s eyes, bluntly refuses, shaking his head. Peter figures it’s best to deal with this quickly in order to avoid an old man’s death.
But he’s not bringing up the matter again. Instead, he just joins them during training sessions, accompanies them to meetings with the UN and sometimes even tags along during their team activities, which one time even involved Cards against Humanity. There, Peter saw a side of Steve he would never have expected and would even have shocked Tony had he been there.
“Please, Steve. I know you love each other. And I know it’s been hard on you to realize that this world doesn’t
much of a secret message.
“Are you gonna be okay?” Ned asks.
As it turns out, George and Judith Sousa are getting a divorce. It’s sad news, but nobody lets it put a damper on the evening. Getting the chance to meet a bunch of superheroes, the twins are even happy. George just takes place on the couch with Happy and Rhodey and ends up in a deep conversation with them. Eventually, even May and Pepper join up again with their own glass. Dinner is as good as prepared, just spending its time in the oven. Knowing May’s culinary talents, he doesn’t know if it’s going to taste fantastic, or if it’s going to be a disaster!
Steve laughs a bit while he speaks. Peter frowns.
Warnings:
After a friendly discussion over favorite Avatar-characters (Wade fanboyed over Toph, while Yaël admired Zuko) and some sandwiches, Yaël kicked the guy out. She jumped into her moldy shower, tried to brush her hair, cleaned her teeth and planted herself face-down in bed. She fell asleep like that for a few minutes, woke up with a sore neck and then dug herself under the blanket.
“So, do you guys call each other Sweety now? If you get kids, who will be the mom?” Yaël rattled while resuming their stroll. Her thoughts automatically went to Peter. That kid had two dads now, well, kind of. He still hadn’t answered her text. He was coming tomorrow, right?
MJ just shakes her head, looking into his eyes and biting her lips together.
“That’s about right, yes,” Dr. Cho says with a smile, though there’s something in her expression that Peter can’t place. Confused, Peter frowns in a sudden fear that she’s going to bring him bad news. “Just take off the shirt and I’ll take care of it right away.”
“Pete’s in the kitchen, he got your soup on the side but it’s nearly time for dinner distribution so you’ll have to drink up quickly.”
He’s got a point there, but Peter just wants to make sure, of course. Not that he minds, of course. Last time he’d been to the tower, the Goblin had kidnapped him in an attempt to get Iron Man off his trail.
“Ah, our Peter, trying to remind us of our agenda,” Tony sighs. Peter snorts.
Tony snorts, amused by her cheerfulness. “Yeah, well, Steve kept on pushing my worries into my face and I was tired of assuring him that I didn’t blame him…” Tony scratches his head while he takes a deep breath. Nakia, T’Challa and Rhodey give him a long look while they wait for him to continue. “I just… needed him out of here before I started blaming him anyway.”
what his son is learning about.
A shudder went through Yaël’s spine.
Crap, hanging out with Steve is
“What really happened is that Peter found his uncle’s killer again and lost it for a moment,” Tony says, having only gotten the footnotes from Peter’s stuttered words. Then he takes out the empty bottle of pills he found in Peter’s pants in his room earlier and puts it down on the table. “And I think this is the reason.”
“Okay, so what do we do?”
“I-I don’t f-feel so well…” Yaël stuttered.
Peter frowns, having expected a whole other greeting. Still, he decides not to overthink it and prepares himself to do as he asks. A flip isn’t really that much work. So he makes the jump, lands back on his two feet, and everybody shouts and claps!
The next day, too, Yaël went to work. She even did some extra hours to please Diego. It rained all day, which sucked for someone who had to work outside. She surely hoped she wouldn’t get a cold again.
“That bad?” Sam asks behind him. Steve jumps up, having forgotten that he was there.
“I did not!” Bucky slurs in return, crawling towards Steve but stumbling again. The two make a hilarious sight. Tony doesn’t regret this evening at all!
“So…where the freaking freck on earth are we? And why can I steer all four elements if nobody else can do that?” The guy smirked at her.
Tony sits back down on the chair, leaning forward a bit as he tries to appear busy. He doesn’t want Steve to see him actually anticipating his arrival.
“Not baseball, more… figuratively,” Sam continues. That doesn’t seem to help at all as Steve just shrugs and shakes his head.
Of course, Charles was able to make a complete chaos-dissolving plan in such little time. In only two hours, the whole school was cleaned, and some pieces were even already restored by a few strong students, guided by Scott, who seemed to be very handy. The more Yaël saw of Scott, the more she realized he was a real down to earth, domestic kind of guy. Kind of like Peter, but of course older and wiser.
Dum-E makes another appreciative sound – strange how he can do that, but not talk – and then he hurries back off to the side, starting to clean up Peter’s workbench a bit more. All the other desks in the room are already empty, the other interns and employees already back at home. Right now, other than him, there’s only one more security guard on this floor.
Steve hesitates for a moment before shaking his head.
“I’m trying to stay away from it,” he offers. T’Challa raises an eyebrow, but then smiles.
“No, I know,” Thor replied. “But he can.” Thor pointed his thumb behind him, to the palace and just when he said it, the towers burst into flames and crumbled down by the power of some sort of enormous demon rising through the whole building.
He should have ran to him, find out if he’s alright. But he doesn’t care at all. Eddie’s a jerk, and he deserves the nose-bleed he’s now sporting. A couple of the other students stare at him in surprise, probably wondering how the scrawny, nerdy kid could have landed such a shot. Peter ignores them, instead moving to the left, picking up another bottle and downing it in one go. After that he throws it on the floor and runs out of the room.
“No I did not!” Yaël said, she wasn’t that stupid.
“You ready for the other surprise, Peter?” Tony suddenly asks, and Peter wonders how long he’s been wandering off. Natasha, Wanda and Steve are no longer in the room.
That said, chapter's a bit early. It's mostly because I'm feeling like I'm starting to get sick, which means I should probably just go to sleep. So here we go.
Sure, this Steve might not like it, but it’s not like Tony’s going to stick around after he finds out.
“Huh?” was Yaël’s super-intelligent answer.
she told him. But this was exactly what she tried to avoid by declining Steve’s demand. At least, she didn’t have to fight Peter, right? Now, someone else could hurt him, without knowing it was Peter. What if he died, and the others found out that Spider-Man was Peter all this time. Was this what the stone was trying to warn her about, back when her powers imploded?
“Mr. Stark, Ms. Potts,” the Vision greets, startling Pepper every time again when JARVIS’ voice blooms up out of the android.
“I wish I never had seen that… Well, I wish you never had to see and live through that
“And, how’s the earth-steering? Still causing accidental earth cracks? And the fire, did you learn to move it back to yourself to lessen the probably damage?” Scott had asked the day after she arrived, when she was sobered up. Luckily, Yaël was able to assure the man that even though she still had troubles with her powers, she had it more under control than when she recently arrived on earth. Apparently, she was a causing a lot of uncontrollable damage back then.
We're very grateful for the support you've given us with this series. You can expect for more content to come!
“It’s funny, really. Even though I
“FRI, FRI, you know I don’t like it when you try to tell me that, right?” Tony tells her.
After a little while, the three men head outside to take some air. Steve’s missed this, just hanging around with Sam and Bucky. In the past few days, they’ve barely had the time for it. There was Peter to worry about, and before that there were the curses that had brought New Asgard into slight chaos.
Then he scratched his head and said: “Of course you did… Someone like you shouldn’t drink, Yaël. Maybe I have to warn Wade about that.”
“What the-?!” he calls out in surprise, jumping back. On top of the sheets, there’s a girl with familiar white hair. Her suit looks torn and ripped at some parts. Her face is slightly bloody, too. But Peter recognizes her immediately. “MANTIS!”
“Ah, the good stuff!” she exclaims. Bruce then makes an awkward face.
“You,” he said while pointing at her, “have a fever. I should’ve gone stealing more blankets to keep you warm.”
too early for that. But you had me thinking if… if there’s ever any chance for-“
“Please, Stephen,” Tony begs. “He’s my little boy.”
“HEY! YOU COST ME A LOT OF MONEY, BUDDY!” Tony shouts somewhere in the back.
Tony has been close to giving him house-arrest, too. But given Iron Man, that would be hypocritical of him, so he doesn’t.
“Tony!”
“It’s called a burning wound, Vision,” Yaël grumbled as she searched for something to put on burns.
“But Peter!” Tony protests. Next to them, another desk gets pulled along, dragging a poor man along with it. There’s a loud shout as it flies into the source. As Tony takes a good look around, he realizes that’s not the first victim this afternoon.
FRIDAY answers. “
Peter lets out a shaky sigh, realizing that there’s a tear rolling from his eye. When did Steve even send this? Peter turns the letter around, trying to find anything else written. All he can find is a series of numbers. It looks like… a PIN?
She might not be a good friend, heck, the worst friend ever, instead… but she was going to show Nilla that she could be a good sister.
Peter frowns for a moment.
“Stark-“ Fury starts, but Tony holds up his hand.
“I mean I got the best gaydar in this entire school, and I can tell you right here that our beloved Captain America doesn’t swing for your team,” the boy sitting at that table says. From the way he’s speaking, Peter quickly figures out that he probably knows what he’s talking about.
Then she got back up, all the anger disappeared from her face again as she pointed at Yaël.
“Charles,” Yaël looked up from her phone “When do you expect me to leave?”
“So?” Yaël snorted before she replied.
“C’mon, let’s see what he wants,” Tony says while taking Pepper’s hand into his own again. She has no idea where Tony’s heading to, but she guesses it’s the workshop Steve is at. It makes sense to find him, though; he’s the last of the Avengers they have to greet.
He doesn’t shout or scream when they go up, which is completely opposite to what Peter’s used to. Sure, mostly he swings with people he’s just rescued, and when they’re full of adrenaline they can’t ever really keep their mouth shut. It’s a great relief for his ears when it’s completely silent next to him.
May returns after an hour, bringing a couple of guests inside the room as well. Tony doesn’t look up, but he can hear Natasha softly muttering something to Bucky, and he’s probably not mistaking when he catches a word from Carol as well.
?” Iron Man says, and Peter’s mouth falls open from shock. How could Iron Man not know him by now? Then he hears a chuckle coming from Iron Man’s suit. “
” he answers, closing his eyes for a few seconds before opening them again. When he does, he notices the board looking at him with questioning glances.
“But… you spend so much time there! I hardly get to see you anymore! Are you sure you’re not overworking too much? I know you get payed, but I don’t really think you need the burn-out from working that hard, Peter!”
“He’s not just smart. He’s a genius,” Tony interrupts.
Heavy references towards Amazing Spider-Man two. We started writing this story before Homecoming came out, so we based ourselves totally on Peter's past, including the fact that the Spiders they created were modified with Richard Parker's blood.
,” a voice says through some sort of intercom. Steve, who is now walking in the front, stands still. Tony keeps his hand raised, ready to shoot. Barnes is doing the same thing, looking into the capsule next to him. The person inside has been shot in the head. “
“I just saved you from death two days ago and now you don’t even want to listen to me when I tell you that you have a fever! If you want to get even more sick by accidentally cooling yourself off too much, then you should do that when I’m not around!” he barked at her.
Yaël looked up and then it kicked in that her clients didn’t know about her powers at all. What could she do? Yaël panicked and stopped steering the hail.  Which caused her getting soaked, but she hoped Mrs. Thompson would think she imagined it. The old woman disappeared behind the window. Yaël should go and get her bag, right? It was time to go. But as she went to get her backpack, someone opened the backdoor.
“Miss –“ the teen looked at Yaël, who already knew what she was going to ask.
in a crib he doesn’t remember entering.
The song changes immediately. There’s the drum-line that belongs to only one song, along with Jay-Z’s humming. The background goes up into the sky, a group of male dancers start dancing along. And as Rihanna’s voice fills the room, Peter suddenly emerges from behind the umbrellas. The girls holding them stand up while Tony’s son walks forward, wearing clothes that make Tony think back of that one video.
“No, I’m not. Why do you think she’s always been so rude to you? She just doesn’t want you to notice how much she cares, because she’s afraid for it.”
be quite the shock; especially when you’ve lost so much of them already. At least, that’s what Tony supposes the DNA-test is for. He knows what they look like, he’s taken more of them than he’d care to admit each time somebody came to cause drama and tell their kid was his.  “Just think about the internship, though. Give it a good thought, and if you’ll choose for us, we’ll be glad to hear from you.”
After another little while, LL announces that it’s time for the commercials. That surprises Tony a little bit, since he’d expect they’d go on until after Peter’s finished. It appears they won’t.
The waiter points them at their table after a quick explanation. The pizzeria isn’t the fanciest of eating places, but it’s got a nostalgic vibe in it. In the background, the typical Italian music is playing. On the walls, aside from more of Steve’s obvious artwork, framed pictures are hanging. One of them is from the current owner’s father, posing for the picture with none other than the man sitting in front of Tony right now.
“No way,” he says while crossing his arms. “You’re hungover, aren’t you?”
The ceremony on its own is wonderful. Steve can’t get enough of Asgard, due to the fact that everybody here just speaks so beautifully it makes Steve feel like he’s just ended up in one of those old movies. Heimdall talks about old traditions, about Odin, his love for Frigga, and his love for his children.
He doesn’t regret sleeping with Gwen. He’s glad he got to experience that with her, that he got to give her that bit of him. He loved her enough to do it. He loved her to a point where he would gladly do it again.
Steve entertained them for twenty minutes or so. They couldn’t give them more. Tony called out for Peter, Steve guided the Avengers back to the elevator and promised they’ll do some group-activity tonight. Bruce stays, though. He’s shown interest in coming to Octavius’ demonstration, and Tony figures it wouldn’t hurt that much if he would tag along.
“Tony,” the Captain gets out, clearly surprised at the sudden presence of the engineer in the room. Tony rolls his eyes, walks up to Steve and throws an arm around his middle.
Thinking about Instant Kill, he really needs to have a word with Tony about that.
“No, no, no, don’t wake up like this!” Lopt laid her down carefully as she wasn’t capable of standing up right anymore. His blue eyes looked at her anxiously.
who he is, after all.
Loki looked down and chuckled. “Well,” he said, filled with joy “You sure were brave out there. You fought well.”
Peter figures that he’s ready to get back into the action. With Aunt May out to hang with her friends and no homework left for him to do, the teenager stands in front of the mirror to look at the scar he’s got on his abdomen.
Strange stays quiet. His face looks sad, and his eyes are lowered. Then with a sigh, he nods, reaching for the necklace around his neck. Then he moves his hands outwards, and the Eye opens, letting out a bright green light.
Peter startles, surprised at suddenly hearing Karen in his ears.
“But you’re not the Black Widow, are you?” Loki asked, cocking his eyebrow.
“I’M SORRY DAD!”
Peter sighs, then. They shouldn’t feel guilty about that; they couldn’t know, after all. It’s not like Peter ever really spoke about it.
“Yeah, yeah, what ev’s, Spidey,” Yaël shrugged.
Then, there’s Timothy and Yann. They’re both twenty-something guys who do some sort of work in a cultural center. Peter doesn’t know too much about their personal lives, other than that they’re living together and sometimes sneak out to make out behind the building, though MJ once told Peter that Yann used to be a girl once. Peter figures there’s no reason not to believe her, though it doesn’t change anything in how he sees the guy. Yann is Yann, and his past is no business of Peter’s.
“Dr. Cho has a few blood-samples of every Avengers right here, just in case she would ever be needing it,” Wanda explains as they pass by a few refrigerators with little tubes. Not all of them are filled with blood, but probably plasma as well. Peter’s also sure he saw a few tubes with antidotes for things. He takes his time as he passes them by, honestly a bit impressed at how big her stash is. Hopefully the other Avengers are aware of this?
His reaction upon seeing the pizzeria in front of him in what must be a very familiar hallway is priceless. Steve has his mouth fallen open, eyes open wide, as he stares at the windows he recognizes, along with the name of the place, the little flowers drawn with an artistic hand against the door, where now a plate is put up with ‘PUSH’ written on it.
. Steve can already see it in front of him.
“Thanks, FRI.”
He doesn’t say anything. Instead, he gets back to his seat, shuffles it closer to Tony’s upper body, and then he rests his head on Tony’s shoulder. If there are tears in his eyes, they don’t need to know.
. It feels like a warning? Like a threat? Barnes and Steve don’t seem as concerned about it, seeming just ready to shoot the moment he comes out. But Tony isn’t them, and while they would just enjoy bringing the guy in without letting him speak further, all Tony can think about is the truth.
“Right!” Peter almost shouts. He locks up the door again and hurries after her.
For the following few days, Peter finds himself reading about four journals a day. There’s nothing productive he really does during the day, and Aunt May even scolds him a few times for it, but she never really manages to stay angry at him for too long. That’s one of the reasons he loves her so much.
Shit, how long has this been going on?
Mr. Stark, in return, is giving him a weird look that looks like a combination of anger but sadness at the same time. Who it is directed to, Peter has no idea.
“Tony?”
Tony says, suddenly looking to the side and holding up a hand as if he’s gesturing something to somebody. Peter frowns a bit.
“Oh, uhm, I’ve been having a lot of training with Widow in the past few months,” he offers. It’s lame, but it’s something, right? MJ just nods but doesn’t say anything in return. Instead, she gets up from her spot, grabbing Peter’s hand and pulling him back up again.
Wow, this surely has been a ride!
“Come on, Raido, you know the queen brainwashed your generation into believing in Gods who will punish or reward you for your behavior and deeds,” Yaël wasn’t afraid to discuss this matter with her friend. she had been doing that for ages, and it annoyed the crap out of him. “
It’s ten minutes into his break on the roof that he sees them; they come out of a fancy car that is parked in front of a pizzeria – the chances that they’d find someplace to park is even a wonder – dressed in clothing one would wear at a fancy party. Tony is coming out of the driver’s seat, hurrying towards the other side to open up the door for none other than Steve. He holds out his hand for the Captain to take, and then, like a gentleman, he helps his date out of the car.
Yaël grumbled something about wearing seatbelts as she saw Miek and others flying through the ship, bumping into each other and smashing against stuff.
Tony shakes his head. Right, the guy asked him a question. “Uh, I need everything SHIELD has on the Tesseract.”
He just can’t wait until he doesn’t have to take them anymore. It would surely make his life a lot easier.
This suddenl came to mind. Obviously I've taken inspiration to Tom Holland's lip sync battle.
The first light of dawn starts seeping in through the blinds. Tony blinks at it, then turns around to get back to the dark. He closes his eyes again. The nurse comes in once more, greets him, gives him his food. He startles when the phone vibrates again at nine.
Tony snorts. “Kind of hard to do otherwise,” he mutters out. Then he turns back towards Steve, who looks just about miserable. He shakes his head, eyes staring into nothingness.
“Well, I didn’t want to.”
“You’re just jealous that you’re never going to get your hands on
“Why did they stop?” Peter wonders out loud.
“Wait, is that legit a different dude than from five minutes ago?”
“Dude, I almost kicked the living shit out of you! Why do you sneak up on me like that?!” she hissed back, totally forgetting her plan to be sweet and soft. Jason smirked and let go of her, assuming that she’d follow him.
- A bit of homophobic behavior
“I’m alright, just need a breather,” Tony explains. Hilde lifts up a hand towards her ear.
“The what?” Steve had asked in confusion.
Yaël walked, for a last time, back to her bedroom. There she put a post-it on her night table with the words “Gonna see the world” on it.
“Uh, I’m just wondering how I’ll get to open this thing,” Peter mutters, taking the gauntlet from the floor to see if there’s any damage. Of course, Mr. Stark wouldn’t invent crap, so that drop wouldn’t leave a dent in the metal.
“I will, sir, but is it alright if I go to the bathroom, first?” Peter asks, putting the overly large shirt back down on the desk. Mr. Stark doesn’t look up, instead pointing towards the hallway they just came from.
He’s lived quite a life, if he has to say so himself. People often tell him that he has nothing to complain, that he’s had life handed to him on a golden platter or whatever else it is that people say about him. And in a big part he agrees with those people.
“Uhm, they’ve, uh… it’s been switched a few days ago. Some psychologist said it was too violent,” he says. Tony hums and walks forward to pull out the chair at the table. Then he looks back at Peter and nods towards Steve.
Tony doesn’t really realize he’s stood up until he finds himself leaning against the window again, one hand on his forehead and the other on his hip. His eyes are closed while he tries to calm his breath, and for a moment he wonders what else could go wrong right now. First, Pepper leaves him, and then he learns that the first woman he’d actually fallen in love with had died years ago and he never even knew.
He’s aware there’s music playing, aware that he’s dancing and that everybody’s watching and screaming in excitement. There’s a flash of purple somewhere in the crowd – is that Yaël? She came!
“She doesn’t- Tony! Why wouldn’t you tell her? I’m sure she’d understand,” Steve tried to argue. Tony just snorted bitterly before pulling out his phone, looking down at it to keep himself from looking at Steve, probably.
“Listen I’m sorry for whatever I did in the past, but I came here to ask for your help,” Tony quickly throws in, keeping his hands up. Barnes finally stops struggling against his teammates, the three of them looking at Tony with wide eyes.
“Nothing!” he answered while fiddling with his hands.
“You three are driving me insane with your mundane troubles!” Mordo shouts angrily. He holds up his hands, indicating he’s preparing another spell. Tony pulls up his helmet again, Steve raises his shield, and Peter gets ready to get some webs up.
“Whatever it is, the answer is probably going to be ‘no’,” he grumbled at her, but Yaël kept talking stubbornly.
“Peter…” Steve interrupts disapprovingly.
“You know your father used to throw me that line as well, though of course
Venom wanted revenge. Harry mentioned Eddie wanting to kick his ass. Somehow, the two met and built this plan together. How can he be so stupid?
Tony looks up, blinking at Clint. All the personal information comes back up in his view, but now focusing on it, he manages to get it out of his sight.
Before he can throw the first punch, Harry moves. Even without his arms, it seems like the Green Goblin is deadly. Having pretended to slip up when he tried to stand up, now Harry gets to his feet, jumps up, and throws his legs around Peter’s neck. He keeps him in a tight lock, slowly closing up Peter’s airways. One of Peter’s arms is also stuck, unable to get loose from Harry’s hold.
“’Broke up’? What do you mean? Did they finally get together?” she asks. Peter gasps and then bites his lip.
“You were worried. I don’t blame you.” Steve holds on for a few seconds more before pulling back. “Now, how about we go and check out how he’s doing?”
She still could hear Nilla’s screams echoing. Suddenly the light went green and the automatic door opened. Yaël looked surprised, did Stark just help her out? But Yaël just stepped outside and took her stuff back out of the corner. The automatic door locked itself behind her.
“The what, Peter?” Tony urges on calmly. Peter’s eyes open again.
“Tony?”
of small bits of metal? Why isn’t it being pulled along then, as well?
They don’t press on it, and that evening, Peter and Aunt May head back home, while Tony excuses himself to do some ‘research’.
“You didn’t use to have Tony Stark as a father back then?” Vision tries. Peter laughs.
“Now where’s that brother of yours, Sue?” Tony asks. Susan shrugs.
“If you want to visit her on your own, fine. But if Peter tells me now that he wants to meet her, I’m not keeping my son from the chance of going there,” Tony says with a strangely bitter voice. Peter swallows, hating to be suddenly pulled into this argument. Especially when the two men then turn their heads towards him.
About five hours have passed since then. Tony leans back in his chair, putting his feet on his desk and closing his eyes.
“Wait,
Tony finally opens the door. There are two figures standing there.
“Tony?” Steve asks. Tony waves his hand once into the air, somewhere in Barnes’ direction.
It’s not that he’s hesitating about this; if anything the only thing he’s hesitant about is whether or not he’s organized something good here. Will Steve even like this all? Or would he think Tony’s attempt at diving back into the ‘good old days’ were too bold?
“What?!”
Yaël felt guilty, she shouldn’t be so harsh to him, of course this was all weird. She looked away, mentally cursing at herself. She should pick his side, always, right? Suddenly Steve grabbed her shoulder and pulled her against him, in a side-ways hug.
“I’ll see you tomorrow, champ,” he whispers as well, out of fear to wake Peter up. “Tomorrow things will be better.”
He hurries towards the tower, finding it standing there in its usual glory. His head’s already pretty much in overdrive, but without his connection to FRIDAY, he feels like he can’t calm it down. He needs to get to his lab right now, fix this shit, and then find out what he was doing with two random women in a hotel room. Feeling like he needs to prepare a very good apology for Steve, Tony thinks he should better just prepare to be dumped soon enough.
“No he isn’t, I’m sorry,” Pepper says. Tony squeezes his eyes shut to hold back a few tears. He keeps on forgetting that Steve isn’t in New York. Why can’t he just remember?
It’s empty.
“Could you maybe get my crutches from the workshop? I mean I would walk but I’m not sure you won’t kill me for it.”
That’s a different story, a different piece of the puzzle on which we’re not going to focus today.
Because writing gets a bit better these days, I'm posting an extra chapter!
But Yaël knew better, her powers had nothing to do with her limbs, using them just made everything easier. She opened the palm of her other hand and let a little flame dance on her fingers. See? She didn’t even have to move to do that. The flame turned into a little ballerina, with tutu and everything. A ballerina, made out of fire. The little person on her hand danced and danced, as smoothly as a real one, pirouette after pirouette.
“Why did you do it, Felicia?” Peter asks, his chest aching at the idea that a friend, someone he thought he could trust, would do this. She just turns back to him, her green eyes almost glowing in the light.
Seven minutes. Crap, Peter needs to come up with something
“He was too busy talking about marriage,” Tony jokes.
“Of course you did.”
“I got heat signatures,” he warns. Barnes lifts up the gun again, preparing himself for an attack.
“What’s in there?” he asks, curiously.
“You’re actually driving us,” Steve states as Tony takes a seat behind the wheel. He grins widely at his date in confirmation.
Tony drops the cube down on the table after finishing it twice. It’s not even noon yet, so he’s kind of proud of himself that he managed to be here. In fact, he’s missed only a few meetings since Steve. The board should be thanking
Tony shrugs. “We had a fight… I don’t know, it’s just… he was sneaking out at night, going on patrol. And when I asked him about it, he lied straight to my face about it.” He rubs his forehead. “I don’t know how to do this, Nat. I’ve no idea how to be a father, no matter how much I like to pretend I do.”
“It could mean multiple things. The most important part now is that we do some tests, see what exactly is going on in there,” with that, Dr. Palmer points towards Tony’s belly. “The nurse mentioned you’ve been feeling sick lately?”
Oh, right. They’re in Wakanda. Tony keeps on forgetting. His one hand, the one that’s not clutched tight by Peter, is holding on to the flip phone. It’s been ringing for a few times already, but by the time Tony has really noticed, it stopped and Tony doesn’t want to call back.
“Will do, Nat! Now I need to see the doc!”
The next person he sees is Mr. Toomes himself, sporting a bruised cheek and black eye. The moment he sees Peter, he grins widely.
“Dude, he’s like…twelve!” she countered, taking in the boyish look from the kid. His hair was brown and messy, he was scrawny, almost looking… weak?
Around half past two, they finish. For about five hours, they’ve been at it, and Tony’s pretty much done with it. He rolls his neck a bit to loosen it, stretches his arm, and then rubs his left wrist again.
And she remembered taking the bus for the first time, that was way too complicated for her to understand, with the paying and then following the screen that flickered and kept saying the same stop because apparently it was broken and Yaël somehow had to guess where her stop was and then she didn’t know she had to push the button so she missed her own stop. The bus driver got angry at her for yelling “STOP!” so loudly.
Though, for some reason it looks like it’s working. Otto uses the claws to take the tritium out of the box. When Peter takes another step forward to see better, Tony pulls him back. The tritium causes a reaction, building up energy. When it’s finished, Otto turns around, proudly. The people start clapping, clearly impressed with what just happened. In the middle of the machine, hovering into the air, there’s something that looks like a miniature sun.
Now, the fun part…Yaël bowed down to pull out her shoes and socks and started hissing already as she couldn’t avoid pressing her upper body against her wound. After a few minutes, which felt like hours, she could finally start wrestling herself out of her pants. Sometimes she even needed to take a break.
Looking at them, Peter starts to wonder what Wanda’s or Vision’s logos would be. Or War Machine’s, or Falcon’s. They don’t have one of those yet, as much as Peter knows.
“Shit, why does Richard have to be so messy all the time?” he hears Mary calls out in the background. Tony then finally drops the vials and figures he should help looking.
“Okay,” Wade said as he picked up his backpack and put it on. “See you later, dear!”.
Huh, they’re standing right in front of Stark Industries… The universe must be shitting with him here.
“We’re here to get you out. Can you still walk?” Peter asks her, kneeling down in front of her to look her over. The girl just nods as Peter puts a hand on her shoulder. She doesn’t speak anymore, instead coughing the moment she opens her mouth.
from, thinking of how he actually forgot his pills back at home for the past few days. He’s such an idiot.
The rest of the day – heck, even the rest of the week – Peter receives stares from the people that saw him storm off.
“You sure that’s all?” the Cap asks, as if he knows something more is going on. Peter just shrugs and looks away.
“I’m sure he will,” the nurse says. Tony can’t remember her name.
“I think the Queen has way more secrets that you know off.” Nilla’s smile grew even bigger.
“So you’re really planning on walking to the town right now? That takes like three whole days!” Yaël said after a while. She already saw the sun go down.
“Yeah, sure but… I don’t know what to tell him now?” Peter mutters out.
Then she shook her head, trying to make the thoughts disappear, and yawned as she pottered the poorly folded, wrinkly, ragged map out of her pocket. A seagull landed next to her feet.
she returns.
- sad Tony
When he sees Steve turn back to him with eyes open wide, his breath seems to catch. Lifting up his hand towards his head, Steve hesitantly scratches his hair.
“Hehe, funny, you both have superhero names!” Yaël muttered. Wow, nice work, Yaël, she thought sarcastically. Peter threw her a questioning glance and it was Wade, of course, who got distracted immediately.
“Hey, Munchkin,” Tony says softly, squeezing her shoulder. “Steve’s just got that effect on people. It’s the eyes, I tell you.”
“Right now, Clint’s bringing the quinjet here to get me, and then we’ll pick up Steve and move out,” she explains. Tony just nods grimly.
“So, what, are you obliged to tell him about it because he’s your creator?” Peter asks, already fearing her answer.
” he said vaguely.
Peter opens his eyes, finding that the light of day is already shining inside of his room. He forgot to pull the curtains, he realizes. With a grunt, he gets himself up into a seated position to look outside.
Rhodey lets him into the house without questioning. Tony’s pretty sure that May informed him about his arrival. After the usual questions of ‘is he alright’ and ‘what’s going on’, the two of them head towards the room reserved for Peter. It still has a few of unpacked boxes underneath the bed, which is where Tony suspects the journals are hidden under.
“Wouldn’t come unless you asked for him,” Natasha says. Tony nods, glad for that. He
Of course she was able to make herself look pretty, and she liked doing it too, but that never felt like a priority. That, and the few times she did her best to look pretty, she ends up drunk in bed with a random dude, or her best friend apparently.
“So, what is this special mission you need me for?”
Roosevelt subway station is pretty much how the website described it; abandoned and old. It’s dusty everywhere, and there’s spiders all around the corner. The rails have been rusted, the air smells funny. There’s a lot here reminding him that it’s an old place.
“I don’t need your money, Stark,” Strange counters before walking inside. “Follow me.”
I'm looking up all types of reactions to spider bites, and It's inspiring me a whole lot :3
Ragnarok…this was about
She looks like she’s enjoying this already.
“Yeah, he has his highs and his lows, you know? But he’s taking his pills and such.”
he was in love, but when it actually happened is more of a mystery to him.
“Oh, right, the throat singing…” the man said sarcastically. Luckily Yaël wasn’t looking at him, because she could imagine him turning his eyes with a lot of sass.
“Oh, HELL no!” Yaël yelled back.
“If we somehow save Asgard, I assure you I’ll bring you back to earth personally. Now, I want you to stay in the ship as soon as we get there.” Yaël raised her eyebrow as an answer. Had she left her friends, fled from their stupid war, just to get into another one as soon as Loki steps back into her life?
Mr. Stark keeps on talking while he starts to fill in some documents.
“We’re gonna lose much more if you’re passing out on the job.”
“Ah come on!” Peter mutters out, getting himself back up and barely avoiding another blow on the head. Instead he shoots webs at the guy’s face, and pulls his phone back to him, finding it still ringing. Quickly he presses the green button, rests the phone between his ear and his shoulder, and finishes his work with the goon in front of him.
“Yes, and I’m here to propose something.” Nilla didn’t react, so Yaël continued. “Let’s start over, like completely. You stop being like… this… and I start to be there for you as a real sister.”
“No, you deserve the bed, I’ll take the sofa,” Yaël stood her ground.“You know you don’t have to wait for me to invite you to sleep over, right?” she asked him as they passed X and Scott and walked towards the dressing rooms. “You can just walk in and sleep whenever you want.”
A couple of the Avengers look at each other. Barnes meets eyes with Sam and Clint before the three men nod and stand up.
“You’re kidding me, right?” she asks.
“If the Goblin had been here, the school wouldn’t have been standing. A-and as to why he wants me, that’s none of your freaking business,” Peter tells her. Michelle shakes her head, her messy red curls swinging along with the movement.
Peter stays quiet and looks down to the ground. There’s an uneasy feeling going through his chest and he starts shaking his head, not wanting to think back to Gwen’s lifeless body in his arms.
“Do we need to get an ambulance?” Natasha asks after a while. Strange gently gets back on his feet, shaking his head.
And so they do. Steve allows Tony to pull him down on the mattress, letting the engineer sit down on top of him. Their breaths become heavy, lips never parting from each other. To be able to feel Steve’s strong form underneath him again after more than two weeks makes him hungry enough that he could just ravish him on the spot.
Never in his life would Tony have thought a flight with Steve could be awkward. Yet, here he finds himself, holding Steve in his usual grip and only getting a stiff hand around his shoulder in return. This is not his Steve. This guy is not used to being flown around the way
Peter, Tony realizes immediately. “
bad, really. Instead he leans back in his seat, his hand holding the now-empty mug that had contained a cappuccino Natasha bought for him (Peter forgot his wallet in the tower…)
“Well well, if it isn’t Stark Junior,” somebody behind him suddenly says. Peter turns around to see Natasha sitting there on the ground, her hair put up in a messy bun, though a few strands are stuck against her sweaty face. She’s in training clothes as well, which means that she’s been working out as well. There’s an empty bottle of water at her feet, and another one in her hand.
Peter lets out a long breath from his nose. It’s good news, at least. He’s happy for Rhodey that Shuri’s treatment worked. He doesn’t answer to the text, though. He doesn’t really feel like it. Instead, he drops the phone again and bites his lower lip. His eyes go to the window, still without curtain since he broke it the last time. The light of day is shining brightly inside. There’s a sound in the apartment, Johnny’s probably awake.
“Wait, are we talking about
cry anymore that she started to worry. Peter didn’t seem to feel anything, anymore.
“Actually, I would have liked to ask a few more questions if that’s alright, Dr. Banner?”
“No, everything’s fine,” he answers. “Everything’s great, even,” he admits. Steve, in turn, curls up the corners of his lips as well before lifting up his hands from the water and throwing some drops towards Tony.
“Really?” she whispered.
“Yes, I do,” Peter then says in confirmation. Dr. Cho then nods and leans back in her seat.
So she lets them talk, discuss, build up theories. She has nothing to add, other than eating her plate and instead address Wanda and Vision about their plans for the day. And while Wanda shares her stories about how much she loves being able to go to school now, Vision doesn’t have much to say.
, and right when I was going to kiss her the school exploded, remember?” Peter counters, recalling the events well enough. They were actually getting somewhere, and then, again, Dr. Doom decided to destroy the fun. It wasn’t like he was actually aiming for the school, but Johnny, that idiot, tried to get back-up and baited him to the school full of teenage superheroes instead. He’d been lucky that Wanda, Harry and Peter were there to help him out.
Then Peter squeezes the steering wheel, bringing the car into the usual traffic that will forever stay in New York.
“Why, though?” Tony finds himself asking. “What did I do? Or, what did the other me do?”
Here we have an example of how one shouldn't mess with Steve Rogers' unofficial son. At first I thought it would be a bit out of character, but then I thought; just imagine how Steve would react if anybody hurt his kid, and I thought of this exact situation, so I decided to keep it like this! It's a short one, but I wanted to bring it out there as well!
Peter often had her in his vision, camera ready to take a shot; but he never took it. He was a lot of things, but not a creep.
“Tony, I don’t know what happened to you but I thought I made it obvious that I didn’t want to see you again?”
T’Challa gives Peter a knowing look before holding out his hand for them to shake. When Shuri gets close enough, though, she suddenly throws her arms around Peter’s shoulder and gives him a really strong hug. One strong enough to steal the breath in Peter’s lungs.
“Whoa, he’s actually here before I am?”
“You people should not be meddling with affairs that are not yours,” the guy calls out, suddenly sounding angry. Peter looks, horrified, as he prepares another spell and promptly blows up the Quinjet with a hard explosion that literally seems to come out of nowhere.
But images of a lifeless Peter comes back into his mind, and Tony shakes his head. He opens his eyes again, looking into the city that never sleeps. There are cars everywhere, lights everywhere. There’s no rain tonight, neither will there be tomorrow.
Oh, no. Please don’t say…
“Then why are you here?” Steve asks, curiously, still with his shield up. Tony shrugs, leaning himself against the wall and crossing his arms.
Tony Stark feels the wall before he can see it.
Tony lowers the tablet and gives him a small glare.
“Yet you still did,” Tony answers without looking up, though he’s dropped the screwdriver and the circuit board. “And you were right; I’m not the right person to start telling you what to do. I don’t have that right.”
Steve sighs again, leaning his head down until it’s hidden against Tony’s chest. His hands come up to Tony’s hips, fingers slowly passing over his skin. It tickles a bit.
,” she warns them, and the two men pull apart as quickly as they can. While Steve is rubbing his lips as if to drying them off, Tony is taking out his phone and pretending to look something up. By the time the door opens, the two already have enough space between them so that she wouldn’t notice anything.
The Hulk got, of course, smashed onto the bridge again.
“This,” Mr. Stark starts, sitting down on his chair and throwing the shirt towards Peter, “is an auto-fit shirt. It’s supposed to accustom itself to its wearer without making it too big or too small.”
When they got to the motorcycle, Steve pushed a helmet over Yaël’s head. Yaël climbed on and a second later, Steve sat down behind her.
“That moment, you couldn’t care less about the universe. You just wanted your son back,” Strange continues to add salt to the wound. Tony’s only aware that his fist was heading Strange’s way until Steve grabs his arm to stop him.
He had to be kidding her, not that Tony again.
“Well, he has been racing back and forth. He seemed stressed out, like Stark was in equal trouble as you were and he had to check on him too. Wanda went through that too, but she was way calmer than him about it.”
He pulls his eyes away. He can’t look at him. He’s sure he’ll end up in tears that way, reminded of the shit they’ve been through.
“Ha-ha, very funny, asshole.”
Venom takes MJ’s face into his own hands, turning her so she’s looking at him.
“I was being an ass and you know it! Put me down!”
“I shouldn’t- I just- I don’t want to lose you,” Steve admits shakily. “I l- love you, and I’m sorry.”
Despite that, despite the fact that the date wasn’t so bad, and Steve had found himself enjoying it, he just didn’t feel it. In turn, Steph seemed to sense his hesitation as well. After he drove her home, she told him she’d see him sometimes at SHIELD perhaps. The way she spoke made it clear that she was not expecting much else from him, much to his relief.
“What the hell are you doing here?” Peter asks the Cat, not exactly glad to see her standing there. Not that he doesn’t like her, of course… but, that’s just exactly the problem. Despite everything with MJ, he still seems to like the Cat a bit too much. He can't explain why, but his... body... always seems to react upon seeing her arrive!
“I hate this prophecy.” Brunnhilde answered.
“Did I- I fell asleep again, didn’t I?” he asks with clear embarrassment. It’s not often that anybody can get Tony Stark flustered.
cared for, that people
“Yeah yeah, pizza is for after the movie!” He waved it off as if it was the most obvious answer.
He’s only just barely capable of thinking, before a round, vibranium shield is striking down right into the suit’s arc reactor. Only then does Tony notice that he’s no longer wearing his helmet. Did he lose it in the fight?
warnings:
As the days pass by, the weeks go forth, Tony can’t help but feel somehow attached to the kid. Somehow, he recognizes so much of himself in Peter, it’s almost scary. There are a few of Mary’s quirks in there, too – the lighter shade of hair in comparison to his own (but still dark on itself), the pale skin, the nervous tapping with the fingers on the table. Tony notices it all. He’s never met Richard Parker to be able to make a comparison.
Yes, May knows! There's going to be an actual talk about this, though! Don't you worry!
She stared at him for a little moment, before pulling out her corset and dress, so she was only sitting in a thin shirt and an underskirt. The real Yaël cocked an eyebrow as she suddenly remembered very vividly that no man was supposed to see her like that on Helvegen. It was kind of funny to see her that former-self wasn’t a prude either, she had never been ashamed of her body. Not that Lopt could see much, but on a planet like Helvegen, this was already very naked.
“Rogers, have you finally decided on the mascot of the team?” Fury asks all of the sudden. Tony glares at him, realizing well enough that the guy can’t see it.
“What about me?” Peter asks, pointing at himself.
“Next time just tell me when you’re tired, alright?” Steve urges on. Tony shuffles closer until his face is resting in Steve’s neck. Steve just holds on to him, the two letting out a deep breath together.
Yaël must’ve been sitting there for quite a while when Vision suddenly walked through her wall.
“You know that could take weeks,” Tony says, feeling something heavy inside of him all of the sudden. The idea of them leaving while he’s left behind here… it doesn’t sit too well with him. They could be in danger, and he’ll be here. All these inventions around him that could help them, but he can’t use them.
Harry gives him a sad look, but then nods.
He can hear him talking to Tony in hushed voices all the way from the kitchen. The volume of their voice proves that they’re trying not to wake Peter. For a small moment he wonders why they don’t just have this conversation in Tony’s bedroom, but he quickly figures they wouldn’t want to leave him alone.
“The people who stay,” she says with a smile on her face. “People leave. It’s what happens in life. What matters are the people who decide to stay by your side through it all.”
The stupid idiot that he is; forgetting his pills. It’s normally the first thing he thinks about before leaving… anywhere. In this past half-year, he’s been following his therapy-sessions faithfully, keeping track of the medication schedule he’s given and doing the exercises every day before going to bed. For the past three months, he hasn’t had any
- Post-accords business
“So, you got possessed by an Alien symbiote?” Yaël asks as they walk into some sort of garden. It’s pretty dark, but the snow on the ground is still pretty obvious. Peter lets out a long breath, seeing a cloud appear in front of his mouth. He wonders about the baby for a bit, realizing only a little later that the kid is part Frost Giant and can probably handle the temperature like this.
“Can you try tracking her in a way?”
“Of course I want you to get off this planet too, but I can’t promise you you’re going back to earth that quickly.” He knew Helvegen wasn’t her home.
“Okay maybe I have, but the last one doesn’t count! He’s a guy!” Peter counters before she can say anything to it. He can just imagine her smirk as if she’s standing right in front of him.
“Scott and Hope went to France for a week, on a holiday. They’re currently in the plane I would suspect,” Carol responds calmly. Tony is unable to hold back a tear as he listens to her, and before she can say anything else he thanks her and hangs up the phone.
- violence
“For me it would be… Fuck Falcon, Marry Thor and… kill Widow,” somebody says. The other girls laugh, and Peter, too, snorts at the idea that
Tony smirks, shuffling a bit closer on his seat until his knees are touching Steve’s. The super-soldier takes his hands into his own as he starts explaining.
“Peter?!”
," he complains. Peter makes a disgusted face. Given the fact that they came out of their bedroom, that can't mean much good.
“Yeah, you know, the one the government shot in the air to destroy the city? To stop the invasion?”
FRIDAY asks. Tony smirks but then shakes his head.
On the other hand, Fury wouldn’t pick up the phone and X literally told her she should call him more frequently if something was wrong.
“S-S-Steve?” Tony shudders out, feeling the hold around him get even tighter.
“Yes, ma’am,” he says. May laughs again before hanging up the phone. Tony closes his eyes, trying to see where everybody currently is in the tower. He keeps his mind open for incoming aircrafts as well, while at the same time trying to brainstorm for ideas to free his son from this parasitic suit he’s gotten himself with.
After making sure that Peter’s not going to choke on his own breath, Hawkeye runs back into the action, leaving Peter to recover on his own. With trembling legs, Peter gets himself up. It takes a lot of effort to keep standing, but eventually he’s back on his two feet, trying to get a grip on what’s going on around him now.
