"I found him Sam!" Jack yelled as he entered the room only to be met with a sulking Dean. Sam trailed in slowly after with the same worried expression that Jack had, but it was like Dean didn't see them.
“Why didn’t I say it back Sammy?! Why didn’t I-“ Dean was cut off by a choking sob he was trying to hold back during his rambling but he just couldn’t do it anymore. Dean fell into his little brothers chest finally letting go. Dean was never one to cry, let alone sob, but losing Cas was different. It opened up a new kind pain with new—overwhelming— emotions.
Dean didn't know how long he sat with sobbing into his hands but he did know he heard his phone ring at least five times. On the sixth ring, he decided to answer his brothers calls since he knew how worried Sam could get. Especially under dire circumstances like the end of the world as they know it.
“All I had to do was say it!” Dean was becoming hysterical, his breathing started to get uneven and his tears were flowing like an ocean.
“I’m so stupid” Dean said beginning to break down again. He finally found the need to stand up making Sam raise up with him.
Dean didn't bother to move from the bunker storage when he heard Sam and Jack call his name over and over. He was too busy replaying Cas' speech in his brain like a tape. Wondering if he did things differently, if he'd just said
“No! In love with me!” Dean continued to ramble while Sam held him still, ready for his big brother to fall a part. Jack and Sam always felt there was something more between the angel and Dean, especially Sam. He saw the connection for the longest. It’s sad that it was only acknowledged when one of them was dying.
"He's gone" Was all Dean could respond with, the news still fresh for him saying it aloud just hurt too much. Jack looked away to he side before speaking up, "the deal?" Jack sniffled out as his eyes began to turn red with tears. Dean nodded acknowledging him.
"I mean gone. Vanished into thin air, right in front of us." Dean could hear the worry in Sam's voice. With the end nigh, they were more of a throwing-things-at-the-wall-and-see-what-stuck attitude.
"Just come home Sammy." Before Sam could get another word in, Dean hung up not wanting to break his semi-confident demeanor over the phone.
"Can you and Jack just come home please?" Dean rubbed his puffy red eyes trying not to let his voice crack.
“Why didn’t I say it?” Dean was beginning to pace back and forth while Sam and Jack stood there stunned.
As the empty took Cas and Billie away, Dean could only stare at the scene in disbelief. He could physically feel an aching pain in his chest that he never experienced and never wanted to feel again. The tears seemed never-ending as Dean stared at the space in the room where Cas stood mere seconds ago when Billie walked into the room soon after and was taken away with Cas, but it was as if none of that mattered. The end of the world could be put on hold for five minutes.
“Shhh it’s alright Dean” Sam just held Dean and let him get that initial pain out of his system. Jack just stood behind them in silence not knowing what to do or say and still processing the grief of losing someone that was a father to him.
Castiel was many things, but oblivious was not one of them. He knew of Dean’s, shall we say, habit. Scary movies, nightmares, troubling thoughts, and thunderstorms are bound to happen. Castiel saw and remembered every time that those plush lips wrapped around that thumb and those cheeks hollowed out… Well, that’s enough of that train of thought.
"Yea, oh." Dean quickly wiped his eye and moved Bee onto his lap. "At the beginning, he was creepy and a little... I don't know. Just off, ya know? Major prick and a fuckin' alpha-complex if I've ever seen one. I didn't care, though. So, I kept working. He also really liked me working for him because I was another beta. I didn't leave a scent behind. He always made comments like 'it's a shame you're not an omega,' and 'so sad to waste those looks on a beta.' I just ignored him. He was never handsy. Always paid me. And tipped me if I did a really good job on an assignment."
"You know those walls can't hear you complaining?" Before Castiel could even smile at his own joke, Dean threw the empty, plastic toiletry bag the ODT had given them upon their arrival at the alpha. The bag went about five inches into the air before swaying gently to the floor. The two made eye contact and burst into laughter.
Castiel dropped the glass and stared as it shattered. He glanced at it for a moment but decided to ignore it. "That's Dean's doctor."
Cas kissed his forehead. "I know. I'm not sure what the results will be, but I have a feeling that this will be a good day."
part of Dean to make sure he was clean and held him as the water hit their backs. He rubbed gentle circles around Dean's rim as Dean whimpered and pushed his ass back further. He nibbled Dean's ear as Dean reached back and just held onto Cas' cock to ground him.
Cas chuckled and sat up behind him. "So testy, D." He pulled the omega back against his chest and kissed his neck gently.
I have an ending in mind for this story, but I struggled to find a way to get us there. I figured a nice smutty chapter could help. I've got a plan now and I am hoping to update once a week. It may not be that often, but I can assure you that it will not be nine months until the next update.
Dean checked the closet to find all shades of pink towels filling the bottom shelf. Daddy knew about his little secret and catered to it.
While Dean was focused on the pleasure he was feeling and fantasizing about, he didn’t realize that his Daddy had stopped touching him until the warmth behind him left. He carefully removed the boxers from his mouth. “D-Daddy? Where are you going?”
"Well, shit, Cassie. What are you going to do?" Gabriel let out a heavy sigh. Cas was the best at what he did and Gabe really expected to get more than absolutely nothing after his first visit.
The first thing Dean thought when the lube touched his hole was “that’s cold.” There were no more coherent thoughts. No more processing. There was simply sensory experiences and events. No higher-level thinking in his brain. The second thought he had was “still empty.” Daddy began remedying that far too slowly. Dean could feel Cas’ breath above his ass. He kissed the dimples at the bottom of his back and all over his cheeks as he slowly teased his finger over the tight space. Dean arched his back and whined. His third thought was “get in.”
Dean shook his head and smiled as he got out the milk and a granola bar. "What do you want, Daddy?" That'll be one way to wake him up.
"Well, my rut is in around six weeks or so. Mid-February. Until then," the alpha rolled them over so Dean was straddling him, "how about we go get some stuff for you to help make this house your home, too, hm?"
"Welcome to The Roadhouse!" A friendly beta with a mullet interrupted the conversation. Castiel thought he was an alpha for a moment, but his scent was actually coming from the smoke and old bar food grease that soaked into his clothes. "The name's Ash. I'll be your server, your cook, and the guy up front taking your check. What can I get you started with today?"
"I, uh..." Dean paused. "I couldn't forget those dates." The omega took a deep breath. "Their names were John and Mary Winchester. I know because... because they were my parents, too."
"Probably not," Dean agreed quietly. Castiel's chest filled with warmth at the sound of Dean talking to Gabe. He had been so hesitant with him so far.
I finally felt like letting the writing juices flow again! I would say I was like Chuck in that last episode, but I'm not a dick, so... Yea, I'm not salty at all.
"Gabriel texted earlier and said that he and a friend are going out for burgers. He offered to bring us a couple to-go tonight. Is that okay with you?"
The doctor looked down at Castiel's hand on his arm and pulled away. "This is the most extreme case of omega neglect and maltreatment that we have ever seen. There's no way to introduce touch into his daily routine without shocking his system. He's just going to get worse and I cannot waste my time on a patient that has such a small chance of making it out of this hospital without a body bag. I realize that this is callous, but it's the truth. I have 11 other cases right now. We are severely understaffed and your omega is simply not a priority."
Somehow amongst the laughter, sharing, and unreasonable competitiveness between Sam and Dean during Monopoly, the sun had set. Castiel noticed that he and Dean walked to the door a bit slower than they normally would. They admired random decorations on shelves and asked about pets and family members that were featured in ornate frames around the entryway. Anything to keep from leaving.
buy them like that, thank you very much,) and Cas with dark denim pants and a nice button up. Dean had his aviators resting on top of his head as they walked down the corridor to the parking garage. The difference today was that the two couldn’t stop smiling or keep from touching each other. Rather it was holding hands or Dean slinging his arm around Cas’ shoulders, they were always touching.
Cas was so focused on Dean's behavior that he didn't realize the nurse was already waving Dean and Sam back to the exam room. Dean paused halfway. "Can, uh... can my alpha come?"
"Cassie, what's new with the kid?" Gabriel jogged to catch up and immediately began looking through cabinets for anything with carbs.
Dean sat up and began walking towards the kitchen. He looked around, panicked when he didn't see Cas any where. What the fuck? He needed to know where Cas went. "C-cas? Dude, look, I'm sorry. I fucked up."
"Nuh-uh." Continuing with his licks and nibbles, he worked his way back up to Cas' ear. "First time I saw it was when we moved in together and you were jerkin' it in the living room. You didn't know I was up yet. You were doing some naughty things, baby."
"Hey there, just call me Bobby." The lawyer smiled, but did not extend his hand. Castiel was so glad that he was well-versed on Dean's needs.
"Usually, I would agree with you. Not this kid. I agree that he needs the full-time care team at the hospital for a few months, but Cas, he was so neglected and abused... he lost his scent."
For the first time since meeting him, D whimpered and backed away from Cas. "I'm sorry, you're not in trouble. You're not getting punished." Castiel was forgetting all of his trauma training right now.
"Oh, shut up." Dean walked his way into the kitchen with Cas behind him. He was moving pretty slowly compared to Dean.
Before Cas could ask another question, Dean chimed in. "I don't know a lot about mine either. You'll have to show me whatever sites you use. Found out anything interesting?"
"Yea, Cas. so damn ready." Dean stood up, but Cas had manhandled him quickly and held him bridal-style.
"Oh, sweet boy. I'm not done taking care of you yet. Let's dry off and go have the dinner, hm? We can worry about me another time. Tonight is all about you."
Dean nodded and pulled Cas by his hand into the living room. When they found their spots on the couch, Dean only stayed in his spot for a moment before turning and sitting with his back to Cas and leaning against him for support. Cas wrapped one arm around his shoulders as they began the important task of killing time. Dean brought Cas's hand to his mouth and gave it a quick kiss before snuggling further into his side. "Thanks, alpha."
Before Castiel could get both feet in the hallway, he was nearly tackled by a concerned omega. "Alpha, you smell so worried. Are you okay? What can I do to help you?"
"Nope. Nothing. Other than his driver's license and an electric bill payment from a few years ago, this guy doesn't exist. Anyways, as far as his victims, he seems to prefer omegas of low-social class. Outcasts, even. Homeless, prostitutes, runaways. He's a coward. He's not about to go after someone that will be missed."
"Oh, Gabriel. I am so sorry. Please, let me know if you ever want to talk about it." Cas leaned forward in his chair and felt his alpha instincts reminding him to protect his family. He was always a caring person, but those instincts always kept him in line and made him perfect for his career in rehab.
“It’s worth it, baby. I have plans for you. Plans for my little boy. And all of them end the same way… you covered in your own cum with something filling up those holes of yours. That’s what you want isn’t baby? To be nice and full for me?”
Dean leaned up a little before being pushed back down. “Boy, let Daddy take care of you. Let Daddy love you, Dean.” He slowly nuzzled his nose against Dean’s before leaning down to kiss him slowly.
"He was untouched. The best the doctors can tell for almost a year and a half," Gabe took a deep breath and let it out slowly. "A fuckin' year and a half, Cas."
The receptionist's demeanor changed instantly. "Oh, are you from the ODT? Thank goodness. This kid needs all the help he can get. I heard him screaming last night, the poor thing. I can't even imagine what he's been through."
"So, I lived on the street for maybe a month or so. It sucked, but at least I was on my own. Well, I picked up some bad habits along the way, if you can believe it." Dean began picking at his nails. "Lockpicking, mostly. I got good at it. Real good at it. It's how I got food and soap and whatever else I needed. Did that for the whole month. Then, I went to this one house. Pretty modest, but there was a big TV inside and I figured they had some food to share. It was stupid to go to house, but I was desperate and there was too much heat in the city. Halloween was coming up. Extra patrols."
“I—I don’t know. Whenever there was a thunderstorm back home, I could usually find something to help me calm down. Talking to Sammy, driving somewhere calm in the Impala, something was always there. I didn’t su—do
Their meal came and the quartet found themselves laughing, eating, and finding a bit of peace in their corner of the world. Castiel noticed that Dean's hand was no longer sweaty and that his confidence was no longer fake. Sam seemed to open up a bit more and even took off his ill-fitting suit jacket. Despite the nagging feeling in the back of their minds that something big and unknown was coming to all of their lives, Castiel was quite happy.
Dean moved Bee to the other side of his lap and happily took Castiel's hand in his. "No, I've missed it. Tired of being stuck in one spot for too long. I'm looking forward to moving around whenever I want at home."
The omega moved back closer. "I would never punish you. I mean that you are not healthy right now and the doctors are very worried about you."
Cas had let his eyes rise above the bottom of the window and settled them firmly on his omega. Screw the case. He needed to know who this kid was that has his omega so enthralled. He wasn't jealous, but he couldn't help the distant thought that Dean had simply bonded to him because he was the first person to show him kindness in such a long time. What if they weren't True Mates? What if Dean actually felt a stronger connection to this Sam Wesson? He knew what he felt for Dean, but what if he wasn't the best mate for D? The thought was fleeting, but it was there.
Whenever Dean finally decided to release Cas from his tentacle-like hold, the omega would stretch before heading into the bathroom for a shower. Cas would lie in the bed alone for a few seconds and try to find any small piece of Dean's scent that may have settled into the sheets. So far, there was nothing apart from the smell of soap and aftershave. It was a bit sad to know that Dean had improved so much physically and mentally, but his scent was still absent. He hoped it would come back eventually, but he was beginning to have his doubts.
After working through his paperwork for the day, Cas covered himself with one of the blankets from home. He closed his eyes and took some deep breaths. The past two days with Dean had been so busy and full of excitement. The alpha was quite thrilled about what would happen when he woke up. He couldn't help the smile that formed on his face as he slipped into sleep.
Much to Cas and Dean's surprised, before Cas could try to comfort his omega, Suzanne sat on the other side of Dean and took his hand in hers. "Dean, David and I have been talking and we think that it is best if we are completely honest with you up front. We do not want you worrying the whole time that you are in this house."
"Fuckin' overwhelmed. Part of me is still kind of nervous about the whole thing, but I don't think it could've gone much better."
Cas could only nod. "Exactly half, huh? That is unusual. Thank you for letting me know. You're right that we can't make assumptions about the situation, but it is certainly interesting. Do you have a menu with pictures? I would love to observe him eat something today."
Suzanne nodded and took both of Dean's hands in hers. "Dean... if we had known... if there had been any way to find out..." her calming smile was a sharp contrast to the mascara tinted tears on her cheeks. It was obvious that this discovery was hurting her, too. "Dean, you have to know that until Sam met you at the ODT... sweetheart, we didn't know that you were out there somewhere. If we had, then trust me that we would have adopted you, too. Please trust that."
"And what evidence do you need? His ability to identify his own pain level? His recognition of his name and of his own initial? His nonverbal communication? His ability to feed himself? What more do you want from him?"
"I don't see anything lame about labeling a space as ours, but even if it was lame, who cares? It's ours. They can fuck off. I want everyone to know that we're together." Cas mirrored Dean's smile as the omega turned over to the large monogram letters and grabbed a D, C, and an ampersand. "I think that would look great above our bed, sweet boy."
Finally, fucking finally, he heard the door open. “Daddy!” Dean jumped out of bed and ran into the kitchen. He locked his arms around Cas’ neck and sobbed. “Daddy, I was so scared. I didn’t finish my list. I’m so sorry. I slept for so long and, and the power went out, and—“
Cas turned, “Yea--- damn it, Dean! We’re never going to get anything done with you like this. Check the closet if you want to know so badly.”
Dean looked around and smiled. He cautiously walked around the room with Bee tucked under his right arm. He looked at pictures on the wall, Castiel's limited DVD collection, and the extensive collection of vinyl records on a small shelf. He seemed impressed with those most of all. When Dean turned around, Cas expected a snarky remark, but what he got was a tearful omega. "Dean? What's wrong?"
"Says you." Cas walked into the bathroom and found a rag to wipe off a bit of oil that had smudged his wrist earlier in the car. When he was done, he tossed it to Dean. The omega caught it and did the same on his arm.
Finally, after nearly three of the longest hours of this life, Dean was off of work, had driven home, and was unlocking his...
"-no preference, really, I mean, I guess-" Dean paused and looked over at Cas. "Oh, I totally thought you were behind me. Anyways, I was saying that I don't really have a preference for hand soap and stuff like that. I like the way that you smell, but I don't want like artificial sandalwood if I've got the real thing with you, ya know? Maybe we could--"
Cas felt a bit nervous as he shifted into full consciousness and the morning light settled into the bedroom. He could tell someone was staring at him and considering all that happened that week, he couldn't help the brief panic that filled him. He cracked one eye open to see a perky omega looking over at him.
"Cas, he may bring up testifying to Dean's mental and physical state, but Dean, you won't have to testify about anything. Cas's reports should be enough and our lawyer thinks that it wouldn't be the smartest thing in the world to throw you up on a witness stand."
Castiel knew that at this point, Dean was prepared for basically any amount of two-hand touch. He wasn't ready for a hug or something like that, but holding both hands or something small like that wouldn't send him into shock. "Dean, can I hold your other hand, please?"
Cas swallowed. His inner-alpha would love for Dean to take whatever he wanted from him. He knew that logically, though, Dean had no experience at all with an alpha. He probably needed some ideas to help him know what he should do. Otherwise, he may start panicking that he was doing everything wrong. "Yes, kind of. Why don't I tell you where to start and you go from there, hm?"
With that, Dean sat up and tried to catch his breath. "You dumb ass," he took as deep of a breath as he could, "I love you so much."
Cas shook his head as kissed the top of Dean's hair. He didn't move away as he spoke. "No. My cousin, Gabriel, is our team leader and was fine with it. I think he's happy for me. For us." The two sat for a moment, just enjoying one another. "I need to get you some clothes and things of your own, don't I? If you're going to be my new roommate."
Dean moved his fingers in and out of his hole extra slowly. Then, he pulled them out and used his other hand to spread apart his hole. He risked spitting out the paci. Cas was too far gone at this point. "Fill my hole, Daddy? It's all yours. Put my plug in?"
Cas turned to Bobby and shook his head. "Thank you for lunch, Bobby. I know the odds are small, but I think that those two deserve a bit of happiness, don't you?"
The smile that Dean gave Cas was all that he needed. He pulled his omega to his feet. "I love you, baby boy."
"I'm so sorry, Dean. Is there anything I can do to help you go back to sleep? Would you like me to turn on the TV or to read you a book?"
At the end of the aisle, Dean turned around to face the cart. "Dude, that's a lot of pillows. I need to put some back."
"I heard that, and you're damn right that I'm chipper. I made a friend." The last sentence was quieter, but that didn't mean that it was less important. Castiel knew how significant this new-found friendship was to Dean and he shouldn't let his own sleepiness stand in the way of his omega's happiness.
Castiel beamed and kissed Dean softly. The omega quickly pushed back harder and rolled over so he was straddling Cas's lap. "Fiesty today, aren't we, omega-mine?"
"I think an eight-inch cock more or less takes care of my needs. What about your needs? You know I'm always ready for you, baby. Whenever you want to make me take it." Dean licked around Cas' fingers.
So this chapter and the next one were originally going to be together but they have very different... um... themes, shall we say?
Dean scooted and looked up at his friend, not even realizing his thumb was still in his mouth. Cas got under the covers, immediately opening his arms in an… invitation?
The end of this chapter skips ahead about a week. This is more of a transitional chapter to get into the main plot line.
"Thank you, Castiel. I truly appreciate it and I will let them know as soon as possible." David clapped his hands once. "Now, boys, would you like to help me set the table?" He did not seem to want to discuss this emotional stuff anymore. The scent of pained alpha tried to mix in with the anger. Cas could tell that Mr. Wesson enjoyed escaping difficult situations rather than tackling them head on, like his wife. If Cas had to guess, he would say that it was all Mrs. Wesson's idea to discuss everything before their meal.
Castiel didn't think much of the comment because a lot of patients with emotional trauma needed to be reminded of various social constructs. It seemed to make a world of difference to Dean, though. He breathed out slowly and gave Charlie a small smile. He almost looked shy. He nodded his head once. "Well, I am looking forward to see you get stronger and stronger, Dean. I'll leave you to rest."
"Well, that's the thing. I need to tell you about what I saw because one of the omegas we found is going to need intense rehab. I mean, all of them are going to need help, but this one. Cas, it's so bad." Gabe blinked hard to keep tears from falling. He shook his head before continuing. "What's the longest you ever worked with an omega patient?"
"See, fifteen minutes ago, that line would've made me think 'oh, wow, he's so smooth and sexy,' but now I know better. You're a sexy dork. My sexy dork."
"Of course, sweet boy. If that's what you need. I want you to go to the dresser, get your blankie, and come let Daddy hold you."
"As long as you actually get clean in the shower, I don't care what else happens." Castiel smiled and tugged Dean along to the bathroom. "I'll bring some clothes in here for you." Cas adjusted the water temperature. "Change the temperature to whatever is comfortable for you. Use whatever soap and body wash you want." Castiel looked awkwardly around the room. "Well... I guess I'll see you in a minute."
"I said 'sit.' There is lube beside the chair if you need more. Daddy got it ready for you, though."
Cas hummed. "Yes. Yes, you are safe now. You are with me. I am with you. Go sit back on the couch, sweet boy. I'll bring everything over to you." Instead of a verbal response, Dean squeezed Cas tightly and gave his cheek a quick kiss.
"Get your ass back in the chair before we do something to get you actually arrested." Dean smiled and pushed Cas lightly on his chest.
"Pleasure." The doctor seemed to do everything concisely without any room for error or pleasantries. He quickly glanced over the chart and looked over D's vitals. "Hm." That's all he said the whole time he was in there. "Hm, hm, hm." No wonder the kid hated the hospital staff. The doctor was about as sociable and friendly as an eggplant.
"So, he's definitely a beta. That's one of the reasons that he's been difficult to find all of these years. No unique scent." Immediately, Castiel thought to the hospital staff. Almost all medical staff were betas. They couldn't risk a spontaneous rut or heat during an important procedure. While rare, something like that would quickly put the patient's life at risk. No wonder Dean growled at them all so much.
Castiel stood and moved to the other side of the bed. He laid down and pulled Dean into his chest. "Do you want to scent me?"
Dean sat and smiled. Hmm… Daddy was giving him some wiggle room, today. He could eat a big breakfast have some independence, but still under his Daddy’s thumb. Oh, this was fucking awesome. He began eating the pancakes and slowly worked his way through the entire breakfast spread—even the berries. His favorite part was by far drinking from his special cup that Daddy had bought him. It was so thoughtful of him to give him a cup that he really liked. Dean sat and looked down. He was so stuffed. He loved this feeling… his mouth full of the cup or paci, his tummy full of Daddy’s breakfast. Now he just needed Cas to fill that one part of him that Dean had been fantasizing about for years. His cock tried to stand up again, reminding him “Hey, it’s our day off. Let’s do this.”
“No, you don’t!” Now Dean really was a baby. Throwing a tantrum. Cas deserved it, though! Leading him on like this.
Cas nodded. He felt like he was going to throw up. This was the worst news he could have received. D was doing so well mentally that Cas hadn't even considered there were life-threatening physical problems. He glanced at his watch. "Let me talk to him. Have his care team down here in ten. I'm going to talk to him."
"Hello, Meg. It's nice to see you again, as well." For the first time since visiting Dean, Castiel noticed that Meg was an alpha. Interesting. Female alphas almost never worked in administrative work.
For the first time since they left the restaurant, Dean gave a small smile as he looked at Cas. "I have terrible morning breath."
As he did, Dean made a choked off sound. Cas and Roche turned to look at him. He was sitting up straight and pointed at Roche. He tried clearing his throat several times. A strangled groan came from his mouth. Castiel sat down on the bed again, but Dean remained focused on the doctor. "Dean, you don't need to try to force yourself to talk. It could hurt you."
Castiel did what Dean asked and moaned quietly at the heat that enveloped two of his fingers. Dean let out a deep breath and relaxed against Cas. This position wasn't about sex, though. It wasn't about needing to get out their adrenaline. Cas understood that it was one Mate needing to be completely surrounded, filled, and consumed by the other. He understood because he needed that, too. "Nowhere else I'd rather be, my omega. I love you."
Daddy laughed. “Of course, baby.” Instead of the pacifier he was expecting, Cas ripped his boxers the rest of the way off and pressed them against his mouth. “Open, boy.”
He couldn’t help the smile that covered his face. Daddy would never leave him. Daddy loved his little boy.
"We really shouldn't, Dean..." Cas tried to hide the moan that wanted to slither up his throat as Dean continued to seek out Cas's scent with his tongue. His body failed him as he let out of a strained moan. Dean's tongue was so soft and his breath was tickling Cas in the best way possible.
Suddenly, Dean was hovering right beside Cas's shoulder instead of pacing the floor of the living room. "What's it say?"
Cas couldn't respond as he used his slick-covered hand to jack his cock a few times before coming into his omega's mouth. As he finished, Dean kept his mouth open and licked the tip. As his omega swallowed and smiled, Castiel felt no worry, no dread, nothing. He only felt love and lust and his Mate. Dean's eyes stayed closed as his head turned to the side and he began drifting into sleep.
Dean pulled his mouth away. "Castiel Novak, are you asking to court me?" Dean's smirk made Cas chuckle.
D breathed out heavily and shook his head firmly, but only once. It was still a clear "no." "I'm sorry, D. I'm a little confused. You do like the toy?"
Bobby called for Sam and the beta picked up his clearly well-used briefcase. "It was nice to meet you, Mr. Novak. Dean, maybe we can watch another movie soon? This time all the way through?"
"I don't know, yet. What spaces do you have open? I haven't really paid it all that much attention." Dean squeezed his hand back and it spread warmth through Castiel's entire body.
"Y-yea... Sorry..." Dean clenched his eyes and tried to calm himself down. If he didn't, this would be over before it even started. Fucking Cas with his fucking sexy dominance and shit.
Castiel lifted himself up on his elbows and pulled himself forward as quietly as he could. He had to know what was happening. His legs felt like they were on fire.
"It's so big... never... never knew they could be that big..." Dean let small, soft whispers escape between kisses. Finally, he pulled back and looked at Cas with those shining green eyes. Cas tracked Dean's movement as the omega's eyes travelled to where their hands were joined. "Holy fuck, alpha..."
They were both still naked from the night before and Dean could feel Cas' morning wood pressing against his back as he came up and hugged Dean from behind. "I know, baby boy. I love you. I hate that we have to do actual things today. At six-thirty this evening, though, when you walk through that door, I've got something I know that my baby is going to love."
"There was a cut on his leg. A deep one. It was mildly infected. Nothing some cream, two stitches, and rest couldn't take care of. No one thought of it as being very important. But, with D... without being touched, his immune system is shot to hell. You can look at the lab reports yourself." She handed Cas a folder. "It's gotten into his blood stream and he has a negligible amount of white blood cells left. His care team met and decided that inducing touch would likely put him in a comatose state or induce a severe seizure. Therefore, it is their conclusion that he will either die from this infection within the week or die from touch shock complications."
"Say, what, Dean?" Cas pulled Dean even closer and whispered as he looked down into those unending pools of green. Flecks of gold were starting to form on Dean's irises.
"Dean. Strong name for a strong young man." Ellen brushed Cas's shoulders free of nonexistent dust and patted his cheek. "I'm so happy for you. You deserve someone this special."
The power was out and the gentle rain had picked up to a downpour. It was probably going to thunder soon. Dean whimpered and held the little squirrel tighter. He needed Daddy. He needed his Daddy right then.
Charlie shrugged. "None that we could identify. The nurse said she moved the blanket and coat down to check his IV connection and--"
"Dean," Cas pulled them closer together. "The only thing that contract says is that I need to provide you with muscle and speech therapy for 20-25 hours a week. Do you really think that I stay here at night and hold you because it's in a contract? Do you think that I let you scent me and lick me and fucking do anything you fucking want to me because it's in a damn contract?"
"Touch therapy is supposed to be..." Roche waved his hand in the air like he would catch the words. He failed.
"Hmmm." Dean pulled Cas closer and nosed his scent gland. "Speaking of which, when you gonna mate me, Alpha?"
Thank you again for all of the comments and support! You can fit so much dopamine into one of those bad boys.
Dean laid in Cas’ bed and closed his eyes. Thank goodness the power was back on. He wouldn’t be able to enjoy his current position if it weren’t. He had on his boxers and Cas’ loose Led Zeppelin shirt. It was almost see-through it was so old and worn. That’s why Dean loved it. It had a few holes starting to form around the hem and would no doubt be turned into one of his shop rags soon. Cas hated throwing clothes away and would always give them to Dean to use at the shop. He found his current use of the shirt much more enjoyable. He was able to feel the barely-there fabric drape over him and his nose was filled with the scent of Cas’ laundry detergent and body wash.
"Almost as good as you." Dean gave an exaggerated wink and put his knees up on the couch to serve as a makeshift table.
"No one." Cas looked out at his omega laughing with the young intern. "Mr. Singer, who is this kid?"
"Hmm... you bent over, gagged, and trying your best to beg for my cock. But, I guess I'll take Cheerios today." Dean turned around wild-eyed as Cas got out his coffee mug.
Castiel pulled into the garage carefully and shut off the engine before closing the door. He and Dean decided it best to leave the garage light on at all times and due to its small space, there was no chance anyone was lurking around a corner. Besides, Hanscum and Mills would have handled anything that may have gone badly in their absence. It was just hard to enjoy the calm after such difficult weeks.
"Yes, sweet boy. Hold my hand." Cas smiled when he felt Dean's fingers interlace with his own. He brought the omega's fingers to his mouth and kissed along each knuckle and onto his wrist. After a sufficient amount of kissing was done, Cas moved their hands to his abdomen. "Are you ready to touch me, baby boy? It's okay if you're not." Dean still hadn't moved his head from Cas's neck, so he wasn't sure what to think.
Dean put his index finger to Cas's lips, but kept his eyes trained ahead on their two strangers in the window. "I know you left because you were trying to get things we needed. I'm not mad at you for going with your gut. I will never hold that against you. You're my alpha, but more than that, you're my friend, Cas. I know you were trying to look out for me."
Well, motherfucking fuck, would you look at that? Castiel's moral compass just flew out the window along with his career. "Take what you need, sweet boy. I'm not going anywhere." He drew the omega in closer.
Dean glanced back at Castiel like he was looking for confirmation that he heard correctly. "Yes, she is nice." Seemingly satisfied, Dean laid back against his pillows, but kept the death grip on Castiel's hand.
Dean rubbed his right eye quickly with the back of his hand. "Uh," he started and cleared his throat. Cas could tell from the furrow in his brow and the concentration in his face that his small amount of confidence was all a façade. "My mom died in a fire when I was four. Don't remember much about it. Dad took me out, but Mom was stuck in another room. He went back in for her, but he... it was just him when he came out of the house."
And just like that, Dean had pushed off on the cart again, leaving Cas far behind on the aisle. "I need to get some chew toys and puppy pads at this rate," Castiel thought as he jogged to catch up with his omega.
The omega stared at Cas and then glanced around the room. He always came back to Cas with a skeptical look in his one good eye. His eyes widened for a moment before they settled on the ODT badge that Cas was required to year. His eyes didn't move.
"I love you, Castiel." The alpha was taken aback by Dean's use of his full name at first, but then he smiled and wrapped Dean in a hug.
“Go back in there and get in bed. I will be there as soon as I wash up a little, okay? Try to steady your breathing, and then Daddy will make everything better, my sweet boy.” Cas kissed his cheek and hugged him close.
Sam chuckled and shook his head. "I'll see you both in an hour. If you can control yourselves." It seemed to Cas that he was trying to come off as stern, but his soft brown eyes and floppy hair prevented that entirely. "I'll text you my address, Dean."
Cas thought that it was quite clear that Sam was a bit uncomfortable discussing his parent's wealth. "Yes, thank you, Sam. So, you said that your family may want to get a late lunch?"
"Okay, so, anyways, long story short, the girl was very on edge for the rest of our date. I certainly do not blame her at all." Cas paused. "Then she asked why someone would give me a condom in a pizza restaurant. A very valid question. My response was 'because sometimes pepper spray isn't enough.'" Cas paused again for Dean to get some of his laughter out. "And then the story continues. She literally gawks at me. I didn't even know that people could actually do that and she gets all in my face and says 'excuse me?' I think she thought I planned on kidnapping her. Then I had to explain to her how I was an idiot earlier in the evening when I talked to Gabe. The rest of our date was spent in complete silence. Awkward, awkward silence. And then the worst thing of all happened on our way out of the restaurant."
"Okay, Daddy." Having Cas' thumb in his mouth was fucking orgasmic. The feeling of his tongue running over the rough pad and his teeth settling around the bottom. Every now and then, Cas would push it in a little further or withdraw it by a bit. It was yummy.
"Why omega rehab or your case specifically?" Cas threw it back. He didn't miss the way Dean's face changed when he said 'omega.'
The alpha shook his head and walked over to Dean. "Here is one turkey, cheese, and mayo for you, your highness."
"Well, look at what the cat dragged in. Mr. ODT Man, here to save the day." Meg smiled at Cas and gave him a wink.
This point was proven further when Dean positioned Bee onto his shoulder and leaned his head over against the plushie. The omega continued to eat, but he would rub his cheek against Bee after every couple of bites.
"Yea, Sam! It's fine. Cas knows all about this stuff." Dean smiled wide and looked back and forth between the two men in front of him. "I told you it's fine."
“Fine.” Cas looked up at him and sighed. “What do you want us to be? I made what I want clear and I think I know what you want, but I do not want there to be any confusion as we start this day, understand?”
Charlie giggled and MacLeod patted the other doctor on the shoulder. D squeezed Castiel's hand as tight as he could. "Oh, was that a bad joke?" Castiel looked back at the young man. His smile mirrored D's as the omega nodded his head. "Sorry, I'll try to think of better ones." D gave a quick squeeze and then turned to the others in the room. He snarled a low snarl and held tight to Castiel's hand.
"They didn't remove his scent gland, Cas." Gabe shook his head and dug the palms of hands into his eyes. "He stopped producing a scent. His pheromones have shut down."
him. He was literally just thinking out loud at Dean’s expense. Dean felt a little used, but instead of feeling ashamed, he felt sexy and powerful underneath Daddy’s hands. He was the one making Cas say these things. His normally so put together and straight-laced best friend.
"No, that's just me being nosey. Also, the reason I was calling to let you know that they've got a date on the books for Alastair's trial. Mid-January. I'll send you the details later, but I figured you wanted to know about that ASAP."
Bahaahhhhhhh this just happened. I wasn't really planning on it, but it happened and I'm so happy that it did. Thank you all so much for your comments and support. I cannot tell you how much I appreciate your support!
Sometimes Castiel’s brain did this thing. He would have a thought and it would trigger other thoughts so rapidly that in a matter of seconds, he had a totally different frame of mind. This was one of those moments. In what was possibly less than twenty seconds, Cas had developed a plan. Not a foolproof plan, but a plan nonetheless.
For a few minutes, or seconds, or hours, they sat there and clung to one another. Castiel wasn't sure how long it was. He didn't care. Eventually, the ambulance had to leave. They reluctantly stood. They both knew that when they stood up that life would resume and they would have to move on from what had just happened. They would have to leave the strangers in the window and move about like the weren't just violated in their own home.
Castiel rolled his eyes as Gabe laughed and hung up the phone. He put it in his pocket and looked through his messenger bag for a book to read to Dean. He seemed to like some reading in the afternoon.
Dean let out a light giggle. "Daddy, you know I like those things. One of them lets you be my Daddy and the other lets you fill up my special place. Those are my favorite things."
Once Dean had been asleep for a little while, Castiel carefully climbed out of the bed. He went into the bathroom and splashed some water on his face. "Get a grip, man," he said to himself as he patted his face dry. He felt heat in his cheeks as he looked at the dark purple mark Dean had left on his neck. He was usually very reserved with his partners, but his Mate made him want to throw caution to the wind and dive deeper into their bond. He ran his fingers over the mark and shivered.
"That's not the stupid part. If that had been the end of it, then I may have had some dignity left over by the end of the date. Maybe I could've turned it into an amusing anecdote to share at parties. Sadly, I didn't realize that Gabriel's long-time friend Kali worked at the pizza joint we went to that night."
Again, his train of thought changed when the fingers in his mouth were removed and he was flipped to his back. “Are you really challenging me, baby? You need Daddy to prove that you are completely owned?”
Dean and Sam were wearing similar expressions to Castiel. The alpha could hear their laughter and feel the joy filling room. While he could not smell either man, he knew that they were beyond happy to have another in their lives again. They pulled back from one another once, but Sam brought Dean back in. Castiel was extremely aware of how much this meant to Dean, so he could only imagine what finding his big brother meant to Sam.
"I know omega growls are uncommon, but like you said yesterday, he is a very unique case. So, obviously, I needed another way to address him and get his attention. It's great to have a starting point for our communication, but it's not very reliable. For starters, his language skills are not well-developed at this point. The letter D sounds like eight other letters in the alphabet. He may be relating it to another letter. Not to mention vowel digraphs like "ea" and "ei." Those can sound similar to a hard "d" sound in certain words."
Roche laughed. "No, of course not. Why would I go down into that filth? I do have a reputation, after all."
Dean nodded in agreement as he wiped his hand over his face. "Yea. I think... hell, I don't know. Maybe it slacked off when we met, but now... just scenting isn't enough to keep me from freaking out. I don't know, that doesn't even make any sense."
“Tomorrow, we both have to be grownups. We have to go help our friends move into their new place, ‘member? So, we need to help each other change back to just plain, old Cas and Dean. We both have to be grownups tomorrow, baby.”
“Me! I’m your good baby boy, Daddy! Now stop!” Dean calmed his laughing and Cas stopped tickling him and ruffled his hair.
Dean could barely move, so he hoped that Cas understood that his jerky movements were supposed to be head nods. “Bad boys don’t get to cum, but Daddy gets to cum. Only thirty more seconds, Dean.”
Dean's sharp eyes followed her until the door closed. He smiled and looked over to Castiel standing beside of him. Cas gave a tight smile back and held his hand as they shuffled over to the bed. "This is the first time I've seen you up and moving. You're tall. Taller than me, probably."
“As far as I know, most of the moving is already done. We’re needed for constructing a few new bookshelves and moving around big furniture within the apartment. It shouldn’t be too difficult.” Cas began absentmindedly running his thumb over Dean’s.
Just like that, the four men at the table felt a little more at ease. They had been so wrapped up in the discovery-of-the-century that they had forgotten why they were here. They gave their orders and Ash left to go "flip patties and roll fatties." He assured them that it was a joke, but Castiel was convinced he was experiencing a second-hand high, so he wasn't too sure about that. As they sat around the table, munching on house chips, the conversation drifted to the weather, Dean's hospital shenanigans, Sam's school work, and Bobby's grandchildren.
Dean let out a laugh and shook his head. "It's not degrading. It's in our DNA." He kissed Cas's neck and nipped at his scent gland. "And it ain't disrespectful if I want it."
Castiel tried to himself out of thinking of himself as Dean's provider, but it was difficult when the kid was taking quiet little breaths with his nose pressed into Cas' chest. When Cas looked down at Dean's face, covered by a mosaic of moon and street lights, he was shocked to see just how much the omega had healed. He knew he had seen improvements, of course, but there was just something about that lighting that had Dean looking more like himself. Or, at least what Castiel assumed he was like before he was taken by Alastair.
“Sweetie, you don’t have to ask for your pacifier, okay? You are mine to take care of and you can use anything that Daddy bout you while I’m a work to feel safe, got it?”
"Hey, D, once the nurse comes in to give you some more pain meds, would you like to flip through the channels and see if there are any shows or movies you would like to watch?" D smiled that award-winning smile and looked at Cas like he had hung the moon. He nodded once and gave Cas's hand two quick squeezes. "Wonderful, I'll go ahead and call the nurse."
At first, he wasn’t sure if he had fallen asleep or if it had all been a dream. However, once Dean stretched and felt the soreness in his back and the looseness in his shoulders, he knew that Cas had taken care of him. Cas… where had that bastard gotten off to?
Cas quickly brought two fingers to Dean's mouth and the omega's eyes rolled back as he took them in. Cas continued eating all of the slick he could get as he pushed his fingers in and out of Dean's lips. The alpha groaned and Dean took his fingers a bit deeper. Slowly, he pulled them out. Dean was so drunk on the sensations that he followed Cas' fingers for a moment with a whine. His complaints soon ended once Castiel replaced his tongue with his fingers and began licking Dean's rim.
D kept his smile but shook his head "no." He held fast to Castiel's hand but pointed to the bee. "Do you want this guy back?" D gave his usual, single nod. So, Castiel passed Bee back to him. Castiel was taken aback when he saw D take a deep inhale of the toy and sigh happily. Castiel supposed the omega needed a closer sample of his scent. D laid back against the pillows and rolled onto his side facing Castiel. He never let go of Castiel's hand, and Castiel would be killed before he would take his hand away from the amazing creature beside of him.
Castiel busied himself with finding their shirts while Dean got ready in the cramped en suite bathroom. Cas couldn't help but chuckle to himself as he heard a string of "stupid, small, tiny, fuck, bathroom," came from the other room.
Fifteen minutes later, Dean came out of the bathroom in a cloud of steam, "Damn babe, I needed that. I didn't realize how fuckin' tense my shoulders were," Dean rounded the corner to the kitchen and saw Cas plating some chicken, mashed potatoes, and vegetables on a plate.
Castiel left out a soft laugh. "Some. Okay." He paused. "You know that you don't have to talk if you don't want to, Dean. I know that it drains your energy."
Alastair was almost like an urban legend. He was so sought after and so elusive that most cops, social workers, and judges never planned to have his name on their paperwork at the end of the day. He was too big of a fish to catch. As an omega rehabilitation specialist, Castiel was certain he would never deal with any of Alastair's crimes. This, again, simply added to his confusion. "Gabe, you don't seem too happy about this."
Cas had never really thought about how Dean had been confined to small spaces for so long. He looked forward to going on his usual afternoon strolls around the block with the omega when his strength built up. He was especially looking forward to being in public and letting everyone think that they were True Mates brought together through nothing but happiness and love. Castiel was certainly not embarrassed by the way they met, but he never wanted Dean to have to retell his story to anyone that he did not feel comfortable with. "What do you want to do when we get home? Your wish is my command."
Dean grunted his understanding and buried his face in the crook of Castiel's elbow. "Too bright." The omega whined out the words and sat up. "Stupid light." He flipped off the heat vent.
"Pop the hood, will ya, Sammy?" Dean pushed the flannel further up his arms. Castiel blushed with faint arousal. He tried to find something interesting on the ground to stare at. Sadly, the parking lot was extremely well kept.
About half way through the movie, the cafeteria staff delivered the standard soft foods diet to room 327. "Oops, we forgot to put it in your lunch order." D just shrugged and kept his eyes on the television. One hand refused to let Castiel go get his meal and the other was holding Bee under his chin. "After the movie, then." D just gave a quick, almost irritated nod, and rested his cheek on Bee while keeping his eyes on the screen. It looked extremely uncomfortable, but D seemed happy to watch the movie sideways.
Cas's heart broke in two when he saw Dean. The omega had given all of the fight that he had. Now he was huddled on the bed as small as he could get. Bee was clutched to his stomach and Cas' coat laid over him. As soon as Cas entered the room and Dean picked up his scent, he went still and began crying.
"Absolutely. Give me a second." Charlie walked away and rummaged through some laminated papers in a file folder. "Here is the soft foods and liquid diet visual menu. Keep it. We have more."
Castiel shook his head as Dean stared in amazement. "Ellen, you did not have to go to all of this trouble."
Dean nuzzled closer and yawned. “Well, I ate my breakfast and only used my special cup, like Daddy said. I cleaned my room up, like a good boy. I took a shower. I looked at all the nice things Daddy bought me. I took a nap… And I got scared. I’m sorry I didn’t finish my list.”
Dean closed his eyes and thought about that option. He knew they needed to have this conversation. He knew it could be fun. He trusted Cas. He was scared, though. He didn't necessarily trust himself. "No, we need to talk. I, um, I'm a little scared."
"Well, I'm just going to have to work extra hard to make you see just how perfect that you are. Every inch of you." Cas continued drying Dean off and left light kisses behind the trail made by the towel. When he got to Dean's groin, he looked up from his position on the floor. "May I?"
Castiel immediately sobered. He blinked, hopefully clearing his eyes of the alpha-red that was sure to show through. He cleared his throat. "I apologize, Dean, that was... way too forward of me. I am very sorry."
“Yes, Daddy!” Dean quickly got into what he was now calling “his spot,” at least in his own mind. Cas quickly pulled him close and pushed his pacifier to his lips. Before accepting it, Dean whispered, “Love you, Daddy.”
Cas looked to the floor. He knew the drill. He had testified multiple times about the physical and mental states his patients were in when they first met. He had not, however, about the actions of the man who almost killed his True Mate. The alpha let out a deep sigh. "Well, I suppose I'll start with his physical state."
"Blech. Be safe." Sam gave Dean a quick hug before turning to Cas. The alpha saw his conflicted features. Hug? Handshake? Fist bump? As a person with intimate knowledge of the awkwardness of these situations, he stuck his hand out. He saw Sam's shoulders lighten slightly.
"It's my duty," the omega let out another yawn. "As much as I hate to say it, as badly as I want to get in that bed you were talking about, I have to shower. I smell like way too many people." He smacked Cas on the ass as he followed him into the house. "Only alpha I need to smell like."
Dean laid down on the bed and covered himself up with the blanket. Everything smelled like Cas and his bed was so, so soft. He turned to the nightstand where there was a fan. He needed some noise to help him sleep. When he turned, he saw a picture. Him and Cas at Halloween dressed up as Leia and Han Solo, respectively. He gave a soft smile. Of course Cas loved him as much as Dean loved him. It didn’t take long to fall asleep.
As I said in the previous chapter, I want to give you wonderful people all that I can before I start back to work on Monday. After that, it will be more of a once a week update.
"It is, baby. Good job. The letter A. I think of the words asphyxiation, anal play, and age play. Do you know what all of those words mean, baby boy?"
In the elevator, it was the same. He was fidgety and feeling anger towards the entire staff. He understood protocols, but did they understand human decency and connection? The elevator doors opened and he shook himself out of his thought process. It was time to meet the omega he was going to spend the next two years of his life with.
This was his out. This was Dean’s chance to say no. His chance to say he didn’t want anything physical sexual between them.
"Dean, what's wrong? Are you sick?" Castiel almost veered off of the road from the shock of Dean's behavior.
"I'm so excited. I think I might pee." Dean was drumming his fingers on his knee and trying to catch a glimpse of the clientele already in the building.
Cas stumbled his way through the first few lines of "Ramble On." Dean looked at him with a straight face and just said, "no." They both started laughing at that.
Cas wrapped the blanket around Dean's shoulders and cupped his face in his hands. "You are my perfect omega." Dean rolled his eyes. "Say it. Say that you are my perfect omega."
Thank you all for literally waiting a year for an update. This has hands down been one of the toughest years of my life. All of my creativity went out the window and I was literally just focused on day-to-day stuff until maybe a month ago. PSA- depression is no joke and it's okay to need help.
Suddenly, Cas’ finger was gone. Dean whined, in a totally manly way, as he felt his hole clenching around the empty air. Cas chuckled. “Don’t worry, baby. Just getting a little more lube. I know how desperate you are to get your little-boy hole filled all the way up.” Cas leaned down and nipped at Dean’s earlobe. “I can’t wait to fill this hole, baby. It’s winking at me… begging me to fill it up. Did you know how slutty your little ass was?”
She gave a tight smile. Castiel could tell that she trying to keep from crying. Ellen had a daughter, Jo, but she lived one state over. So, Castiel and Gabriel became her surrogate sons. Cas had a strong feeling that Dean would be brought into the family soon enough. She walked over to the small room that served as her office and Cas could see her grab a tissue to dab her eyes.
Castiel quickly shook off these feelings of dread as Dean squeezed his hand. He was sure that his body wash was completely gone by this point in the evening and Dean was picking up on his mild scent of worry. Cas knew he was just imagining things and being overly protective after their experience with Dr. Roche, but he couldn't help it. His omega's smile certainly helped to ease the tension in his shoulders and put thoughts of Roche far into the back of his mind.
For the next ten or fifteen minutes, Dean was petrified. The thunder had started. It was a distant rumble, but it was getting louder and closer. He tried playing on his phone, sucking his pacifier, even sucking his thumb, but it was useless. He had never been alone when the power was out. This was scarier than anything he had ever experienced. He hid further under the covers, sucked the pacifier, and tried to keep his cries silent.
"Just light, omega. Sleep." That quip earned Cas a smack to the chest and an armful of grumpy omega. "I'm sorry, love. I'm just teasing."
Dean looked down and smiled as Cas continued to slowly dry his hair. "Nah, maybe hot- on a good day- but not beautiful."
D started bouncing in his seat and pointing to the TV quickly, over and over. His tears were flowing freely and the sounds that he made were involuntary. Unfortunately, Castiel couldn't tell if he was happy or sad. "D... does Superman mean something to you?"
"Hi, I'm Ellen. I'm the cook here and I have known Castiel for about as long as he has been alive. His mama and I are good friends. Any friend of Castiel's is more than welcome in this kitchen. Have all of the food that you want. I've made plenty." She looked back at Cas. "Plates are in their usual spot, drinks are in the fridge, and you have your pick of the seats." She smiled and patted Cas's shoulder before going back to take inventory. If that really was what she was doing.
As he rounded the corner, he was met by an armful of stressed Cas. "Hello, Dean." He melted against Dean's chest and held him for just a moment. He adjusted his glasses and narrowed his eyes at Dean. "Dinner is almost ready. Now, for the love of all that is holy, pick up your mess and take a shower. Just because I love you doesn't mean you can leave all of your shirts around the living room like you did when we first moved in together."
Both men blushed as they exited their room. As they entered Gabe's office, the angry-looking man turned around. He smelled calm and happy, so it must just be his normal face. "Robert Singer of Singer and Turner. My friends call me Bobby." He stuck out his hand for Cas. His demeanor did not match his appearance at all.
Before either man could knock on the door, a woman in a fitted slacks and blazer opened the door. Her greying blonde hair fell slightly past her shoulders. She was an attractive beta. The only wrinkles she had were severe laugh lines. They were crinkled now from her wide smile. A genuine smile, from what Castiel could tell, considering that her honey-colored eyes lit up when she saw the two of them standing on her perfectly placed welcome mat.
Dean exhaled and turned his nose into Cas' neck. Clearly, it was his favorite spot to be. "Can I lick for just a minute? Please?"
For the first time since they met, Dean purred. A quiet vibrating in his chest. A sign that his inner omega was healing. "Alpha?"
Cas groaned and pulled Dean's face to his. "You naughty omega..." He kissed Dean and lifted him up enough to put them both on the bed. "We're going home in half an hour. You couldn't wait for us to get there, baby?"
"Well then how come I still do it?" Gabe popped a lollipop in his mouth from his pocket and headed out the front door. "Stay safe, Cas."
“If you keep thinking that hard, then smoke is going to come out of your ears.” Cas walked back into the room, sans shirt, with a warm cloth and a smirk.
"I agree. Let's do it. Also, I don't have a lot of extra blankets in the house. Do you want to get some for nesting?"
Dean yawned and nodded. Together, they made quick work of dropping off all of the blankets and pillows into the bedroom and left the rest of the bags on the dining room table. "See you soon, alpha." Dean kissed Castiel quickly before shutting the bedroom door.
Cas hummed in acknowledgement. "Can I do anything to help? Would you rather do an online checklist? It's less personal. That has its own pros and cons."
"No, please, keep talking. Distract the conversation from my complete ineptitude as a teen." Castiel had told this story before, but it was a tad bit more humiliating to share with his future mate than with his college buddies.
Cas slid his hand down and lightly covered Dean's throat. "It means that sometimes, to make you feel really good, Daddy won't let you breathe. He'll be in charge of when you can breathe. It reminds you that Daddy owns you. All of you."
Instead of going to the restroom, Cas walked over to the nurses' station again. He found the nurse he spoke to earlier when he arrived. "Excuse me, ma'am?"
"Not yet. It should be about another hour. You know how things must be in the lab if we're so stretched for resources up here."
"How is finding the first letter of his name not helpful?" Castiel could hear the irritation in Gabriel's voice over the phone. He could practically see him pacing in his office- gesticulating wildly.
"If you don't want to go, then we don't have to. We can go home and finally take that bath we've been wanting share." Cas moved his hand awkwardly so he was stroking Dean's stubble.
Before the doctor left, he tossed the remote control to Castiel. "Feel free to watch TV. Have a nice day."
"Yes, he let me hold his hand. Remember when you said that it was possible he had been conditioned to fear touch? I think you were on to something. I know that was originally just a guess, but he seemed genuinely surprised that it didn't hurt to hold my hand."
He moved to grab the back of Dean's head and all that Cas wanted to do was run in and strangle him, but he was just then able to get onto his hands and knees.
"That's fine, Dean." Cas had to admit that he was a bit concerned. Yes, of course, it was wonderful that Dean had found a friend. However, he seriously doubted that Sam was quite as excited about potentially meeting up again. This was Dean's only other friend that he had made apart from hospital staff and Gabe, so Cas hoped that Sam would be kind if he had to tell Dean that he was unavailable to hang out. From what Castiel could gather the previous day, Sam was a bright and kind young man, so he hoped that his first impression was correct.
Their moment was cut short by a squealing engine trying to make its way into the parking lot. Smoke found its way out from under the hood and the car eventually came to stop so, so very close to an actual parking spot. A disgruntled Sam exited the car and kicked a tire. "Piece of shit."
"Never want to wait for you, Alpha." Even as Dean said this, Castiel knew that he wasn't ready for them to mate or to go any further than they had in the shower.
It was Dean's turn to growl as he pulled Cas back onto the bed with him. "Shut up or I'm going lock the door and do something stupid like marking you up with my mating bite today."
He pulled his boxers down and spread his legs a little. Maybe if he was lucky, Daddy would end up hitting his balls or… if he turned just the right way, his hole.
Huh. That was unusual. Cas generally would talk Dean into confessing everything- just like he had done earlier that day. He never left him. For some reason, that made Dean’s heart ache. He sucked his thumb harder. Whether he heard Dean’s “no,” or not, he would stay, if past experiences are anything to go on. But, now he knows Dean is a freak. Of course he would leave. So much for human comfort. He pushed the digit in further and sighed, finally content.
Castiel parked his car and walked into the hospital. The acrid smell of cleaning agents, disinfectant spray, and urine filled his nose. Poor kid. Having to stay here with no familiar or comforting scents. He must be scared to death. As he looked around, the receptionist coughed. "I said- patient name?"
"Maybe... maybe we can do that next week sometime? This week..." Dean trailed off and he began picking at the outer seam of his pants leg.
Charlie chuckled, but there was no joy in it. "When they brought him in I decided to be the hero and try to comfort him. He about took my head off with the remote. Anyways, I got some lab reports back that you need to hear."
As they waited for the doctor, the three of them sat in silence. The only sound was Dean's constant shifting in his seat. He didn't need to scent Dean, or to have much common sense, to see how this situation was causing Dean to panic a bit. Cas decided to break the tension. "So, Sam, how was school this week?"
Ultimately, D landed on the first face. Confused, Castiel looked at the chart and then at D. "Do you have any pain at all, D?"
Dean was sitting at the table, shirtless and messy hair included, his brow furrowed as he read over the note. When he heard Cas’ door open, he jerked his head up and his face flushed. He immediately looked back down and hunched over as he looked back to the plate before him and the microwave. Castiel had caught him mid-choice.
MacLeod gave a curt nod and turned to the door. Castiel stared blankly at the wall as he tried to hold back tears. He had such high hopes for this young man. Such aspirations for his recovery. He really thought that he could make a difference. He thought D would survive.
"So, about six months into this gig, I am loving it. Making good money, doing a pretty easy job, got a roof, and a bed. Nothing to complain about. Sure, I felt like crap robbing people, but it was what it was. Arthur told me that his boss was moving into town and that they wanted to meet with me about a promotion. Said I was so good with locks that they wanted me to work on some of their own security. I jumped at that, man. I could still get paid and stop robbing people. It was a win-win."
Castiel saw Dean jerk back and bring his arms around front. The omega delivered one quick upper cut to Roche's balls before jumping to his feet. A pair of handcuffs dangled from his wrist. The doctor screamed again and fell to his knees.
Cas was careful with his next words. He was concerned about how adamant D was with the "one" rating. "D, this is just talking about since you've been in the hospital. Since you got here, think of the worst pain you've experienced. At the hospital. Then, tell me where you are now."
"Always take care of my omega, don't I?" Cas kissed Dean slowly until they were breathing deeper breaths. "Door's locked, baby boy. No one to interrupt us. I need you to tell me what you want, though. You know you're the one in charge here."
"Shh... you don't need to talk anymore, Dean. You need rest. That took a lot of mental energy. Best speech therapy story ever."
Charlie looked around and then leaned in close to Cas over the desk. "Look, I'm not sure, but I noticed the kid only eats about half of his food. Almost exactly half. I had a patient a few years back who did something similar because they saved the rest of the food for their younger sister. Now, I'm not going to say this is the same situation, but I do believe Mr. 327 is a good kid. I know he's aggressive, but I really think he looked after the other kids in that hell hole they found him in."
Castiel could feel the nervous energy radiating from Dean as they drove towards Sam's home. It was evident from the omega's foot tapping, constant shuffling in his seat, and nail biting that he was still very anxious about this meeting. He could dish out all the false bravado that he wanted, but at the end of the day, Castiel knew him. He knew Dean was sitting there, preparing for another rejection. He was building up walls around his heart to keep him from becoming too happy about the potential positive outcome of the lunch.
Cas kissed down his throat, neck, back, and up again. While Dean was focused on the kisses and the teasing of his rim that he had gotten somewhat used to, Cas pushed his finger all the way in. Dean pushed back on the intrusion and moaned at the feeling of being full. The feeling of being owned by Daddy. Finally. Finally, Daddy was inside of him!
Dean simply hummed and continued to kiss any skin he could reach from his angle. Cas' stubble felt nice against his lips and his jaw. "So are you just gonna spit out random shit and see if I like it? Sounds like a lame plan." He kissed underneath Cas' ear, feeling his hot breath gather between his boyfriend and the pillow.
Cas can’t know. Cas will never talk to him again if he knows what a baby Dean really is… He certainly won’t return the feelings Dean has had for him if he found out how weak Dean is. “I… I just didn’t like the movie.”
"No, fuckin' love nesting with you, alpha." Dean sighed heavily. "Hate bein' such a damn baby about all this. I have to meet them sometime. I just..." He took a deep breath. "I thought there would be more time, but it wouldn't matter. I'd still be a damn baby about it."
Dean nodded his head quickly. Yes, yes, yes, he knew how slutty he was when it came to Cas. He had ridden more dildos than he was ready to admit thinking of those blue eyes and firm hands. After giving his ass a playful smack, Cas dove back in. Dean wasn’t sure, but he thought he could feel three fingers in him. It was stretching him beautifully and with the combination of the boxers in his mouth, he could honestly say he had never felt this full or complete. If only Daddy would let him cum. His rim was being stretched and Cas was moving so every third push or so, his fingers brushed Dean’s special place. Dean jerked every time. “You feel that baby? Feel me hitting your special spot? Makes you want to cum, doesn’t it, baby?”
Dean smiled an almost drunk smile. "Yes to drying off, no to the dinner. Could we... maybe do take out before we watch a movie or something? I really just want to lay down with you."
"Oh, before I forget, do you have the original ODT External Specialist form? I think an Captain Gabriel Something-or-Other sent it in originally? I remember scanning it in, but I can't find it on this damn machine for the life of me."
"You're just gonna have to deal with it, man. You're biologically obligated to deal with this now." Sam laughed as he threw a clearly well-worn tee shirt.
Cas sighed. He didn't want to break any trust or make Dean uncomfortable in any way by releasing details of the worst years of his life. "The story that I have is that he knew Alastair as an acquaintance prior to his abduction. When he presented late near his 20th birthday," Bobby and Gabe's eyebrows shot up, "Alastair told him that he was to be his sex slave. Dean refused and was punished for over two years for his decision. Apparently there was sign in the place where he was held that told everyone in the room that Dean was to not be touched during their... time with him." Castiel shuddered. "They were to abuse him as they saw fit without any skin-to-skin contact. I'm afraid that is about all of the information that I can provide."
It took Cas all of fifteen seconds to grab the dessert from the fridge, but he was amazed at how Dean's body had transformed in those few seconds. He was tensed up more, of course, but his cock was moving on its own, desperately trying to find friction from the unforgiving air around it. He was shaking on the dildo that filled him and he had no clue what to do with his hands. They kept moving from gripping his thighs so tightly that he left impressions on them to running through his hair and pulling on it to distract himself.
When they got home, Dean caught Cas's hand as they finished unloading the car. "I'm really tired, babe. I'm game for whatever for dinner, but I think I want to go lie down until it's ready."
Not unless Daddy says. Dean shivered with the thought of his Daddy controlling his cock. He wanted it way too much.
Dean sucked the pacifier as hard as he could and breathed the scent of Castiel that he had left on the pillow. He tried to focus on the feeling of it in his mouth, but he soon became distracted by two things. For one, his stomach was beginning to tell him to eat. Secondly, and most prevalent, his cock was beginning to try and get his attention. Dean really wanted to take care of this problem, but he was only supposed to do what Cas had left him in the note. The thought of reading it thrilled him.
"How long until he wakes up?" Dean's voice was changing into something softer. It was resigned. Hurt.
Dean kept his eyes closed and smiled as he replayed everything that had happened over the last few days in his head; from the first touch to waking up this morning. He supposed they had always had a very fine line keeping their relationship platonic. They had been Han and Leia for Halloween. A clear couple's costume. When they got home, Dean remembered an weird, drunken hug before taking himself back to his room and Cas meandered to his own. Then, they woke up and it was back to "why did you put your feet, with your disgusting socks, up on the coffee table after I cleaned it, you ass?" They had bought the furniture for the apartment together and literally everyone thought they were "the cutest." They just laughed it off. There had been plenty of "almost" moments with them. Five years worth.
"Oh, it was great! I'm finishing up my liberal studies classes this semester and they have been really fun. The genetics class is..." Sam continued talking and Cas stole a glance over at Dean. The omega gave him a small smile and mouthed 'thank you.' Cas winked and tuned back into Sam's story. "...but I like it, anyways. I'm taking a sign language class for my foreign language requirement and it's really fun."
Dean shivered. His mind had officially broken. He couldn’t think. He could hardly breathe. Cas was going to… Cas was… Daddy… “Yes, Daddy. Yes! I can take it like a good boy!” He shivered as he felt Cas spread his cheeks. “C-can my mouth be full, too?”
"Our next steps are to just keep talking to the different omegas we rescused and get your boy to talk. I know he can't go on trial or anything like that, but all of the other omegas remember the same green-eyed kid being there when they were taken. It's possible he was one of Alastair's firsts."
"We were watching them, ya idjit." Bobby whispered back with some heat in his voice. "This is unprofessional."
Dean continued his pouting and used his nose to dig his way between Cas's bicep and the side of his chest. The omega attempted to say something, but his voice was too muffled. Cas got the idea, though. Dean did not want them going anywhere. "Well, then, omega-mine, how about you keep our spot on the couch warm and I make us something really quickly, okay? Maybe we could have some fast sandwiches and chips?"
Castiel straightened his sweater and walked over to room 327. The same as yesterday, he knocked quietly. "D? Can I come in?"
“Hey, guys! Come on to the kitchen. I’ve got some stuff to make sandwiches before you leave. It’s getting a little stormy out there and I know you need to get on home.”
D seemed to shy away at the compliment before studying the chart closely. He looked at each option carefully before moving on to the next one. His mouth twisted and his eyebrows furrowed. This was an exceptionally difficult task for someone of D's communicative level. Identifying and labeling emotions was quite the tall order.
For once, Dean wasn't scared of what would happen afterwards. His daddy was going to take care of him.
His train of thought was cut short when Cas moved them so he was laying on Dean’s back. Dean found himself once again trapped between Daddy and the mattress. “We went over this last night.” Cas nibbled on Dean’s ear and added another finger to his mouth. “You’re my baby. I own you, sweet boy. I decide what pleasure you get. I thought that you understood that.” Dean felt defiant and confident as he laid there. He decided to chuckle in response. He wanted Daddy to prove that. He wanted Daddy to claim him in the dirtiest way that he could.
"D, I promise you that I am not angry." Before Castiel could say anything else, Dean nodded his head again and put his hand to his throat. Castiel could see tears and snot running down the young man's face.
He walked into the room and sat down heavily in the chair. D turned over to face him with his brow furrowed. "D, I think you are a man that appreciates honesty." There was no response. So, Castiel figured he would keep talking until D growled, snarled, or screamed. "I know I do... D, you're in some serious trouble with your health."
Dean nodded. "I've never doubted that." Dean cleared his throat. "I told him... I told him that I would rather live the rest of my life without any touch at all than to be touched by him again." Dean buried his face into the crook of Castiel's arm. "And he... he said 'anything for you.' Then, he took me downstairs."
After running a warm rag over Dean and then himself, Cas could see Dean slipping out of his headspace.
However, another person entered the room, making the office quite cramped. "Hey, sorry, they were out of paper towels." The young man turned and stuck his hand out to Castiel. "Hello, sir, I'm Sam Wesson. I am interning for Mr. Singer and I am very interested in this case. I hope you don't mind my being here."
"I'm sorry if I interrupted anything, fellas. I bring the food for our wonderful patient and good news for both of you." Charlie's smile grew. "So, we got your bloodwork back. You're not out the woods yet, kid. You're still considered critical and your white blood cell count is extremely low. The good news is that it has remained the same from yesterday. This means that holding Castiel's hand here has stabilized you. You're going to get better."
Castiel chuckled and pulled Dean further into his chest. "I'm okay, sweet boy." He kissed Dean's cheek and rocked them side to side. "I'm okay. Just missed my 'mega. That's all. I promise."
excited! I want you, damn it! I want you, Cas! I don’t just need you to be my Daddy. I need you to be my best friend and boyfriend and fucking--- I need you in any way I can get you!”
"Oh, my apologies. I was a bit distracted. I am visiting the John Doe that was brought in yesterday morning."
Cas squeezed Dean's hand once and walked across the room to get his coat off of the table. He took it over to Dean and laid it over the bed rails. He wasn't sure where Dean wanted it, so this was a good start. The young man just hummed and Castiel turned to leave. "I'll be back soon, sweet boy." Fuck, there he goes again. It was so hard not to use terms of endearment with Dean. He was just so... innocent. Even though he had seen and experienced unimaginable horrors, he seemed soft and innocent. Resilient and determined. He was a good man.
He smiled at the thought. As Dean opened the door, he dropped his lunchbox on the floor and unlaced his work boots. As he stood, he flung his over shirt into the living room. "Honey, I'm home."
Dean pulled the boxers out of his mouth. “Like I’m a good baby for Daddy. Like I’m his little slut. And like I want to cum really bad…” Dean murmured the last part and hid his face in the pillow.
Dean didn't say anything as he walked back over to Castiel and wrapped his arms around his shoulders. "I can't believe that I get to have you. To have this."
Unlike the last time that they were in the bathroom together, neither made advances towards the other. Cas enjoyed seeing Dean breath out slowly as he settled beneath a sea of steaming bubbles. He ruffled Dean's hair before getting into the shower himself. He knew that Office Hanscum was outside, but he wasn't too keen on both of them being unable to defend themselves, so he decided to make his own shower quick.
He expected for Dean to hold his hand, but instead, the omega began licking and sucking on his pulse point on his wrist. "Don't wanna go, Cas."
“It’s not the same as sucking your thumb?” Dean just shook his head. He brought his thumb up to his mouth but Cas gently pushed it away. “No, sweetie. No more thumb sucking. I’ve got something even better for you.”
Dean opened his mouth and moaned. He felt his Daddy spit on his hole and rub the sensitive rim. He screamed through the fabric. His Daddy was about to fill him… Finally.
"Yea!" Dean became very animated with his hands. "We both like Batman, which you knew, but there's other stuff, too. We both like classic rocks and classic cars. Although, he does think that Dodge Chargers are better than classics like an Impala, which is wrong, but oh well. He also prefers iPhones to cassettes. Weird. We were both in foster care, but he was adopted when he was three. Still, he totally gets the whole wondering about what his family was like thing."
“Yes, sir.” Dean was sure he looked silly as he sucked angrily on his paci. He looked even sillier when Cas removed it and he chased after it with an even angrier look.
"Now, all of that should only take about an hour. After the lawyer gets the info that he needs, our guys should be done getting your house cleaned back up and you can head home before lunch. I may have to stop by this evening, but I don't think we need too much else from you." Gabe turned and looked at the two men across from him. They both looked worried. "We're going to send Officer Hanscum to patrol until the end of her shift. After that, her partner Officer Mills will take over for the night. You two are going to be protected until this trial ends."
Cas caught up to him quickly and found that Bobby and Sam were already sitting in a booth in an isolated corner of the restaurant. The alpha gave a quick wave as he and Dean walked over to their table.
"Okay, okay, Mr. Smooth." Dean held Bee tightly to his chest and leaned forward to hear the rest of the story.
"Mm.. I'm sorry, Daddy. I shouldn't have... I shouldn't have pushed you. I... I'm just so empty and you know I'm supposed to be filled up. I just wanted to be a good baby boy for you, Sir."
"You get some rest, D. I will be right here when you wake up, sweet boy." D just hummed and settled further into the bed. A slight smile stayed on his lips. It wasn't until the omega's grip weakened during his sleep that Castiel realized what he had called him. "Sweet boy" was absolutely not something that you called a patient. Friend, buddy, pal, champ, sport? Those were all fine. Encouraged, even. Sweet boy? Absolutely not. That was extremely inappropriate.
Cas chuckled. "Not now, sweet boy. Do you want Charlie back in here or do you want to spend some uninterrupted time with your alpha?"
Dean nuzzled into Cas’ chest and wrapped his arms around his waist. Cas pulled him closer. Dean smiled despite himself. The pacifier fell out. He whined at the loss, but Cas quickly retrieved it from the space between them and pushed it close to Dean’s mouth. Right before Dean could capture it, Cas pulled it away. “If you drop it again, then you have to get it back without using your hands.” Dean wanted to protest, but Cas continued. “Good boys appreciate what their daddy gives them.”
"Considering how big your eyes got when you saw my cock for the first time, I would be inclined to agree." Cas let out a silent laugh and Dean's tongue tickled up and down the column of his throat. Trying his best to keep contact, he moved them to their sides.
Dean almost screamed as Cas slapped his hole again before covering his rim with his tongue. Fuck, Cas was licking like he was starved. His hands kept pulling Dean back until he was literally sitting on Cas' face. After a couple of seconds, Cas pushed him up. "Fuck, you taste so good. You want Daddy's tongue to fill up this slutty fucking hole? Hmm? You need kisses, baby boy?"
"Yea, I get that, but it's fucking difficult." Dean could actually feel his cock softening. Talking about his feelings was tough. It was easy when he was Cas' little boy. It was like he was just pretending. Being honest about his feelings with no pretense was fucking scary. Dean Winchester was many things, but an "open" person was not one of them. At least, not in this sense.
"They say you're the best, but I suppose even the great Castiel Novak has his limits." The doctor turned to leave.
"Really? Really?" The omega breathed out in short huffs and Cas was sure he was going to hyperventilate.
The three men found themselves in front of the reception desk and Cas noticed that Dean was wiping his palms on his jeans repeatedly. All he wanted was to wrap his omega up in his arms and never let him go, but he knew that that wasn't an option today. Today was one of the biggest days in Dean's life.
His thoughts were cut short when he heard D scream. He had never heard a scream like that. It was equal parts fear and a warning. Sure, the kid was scared, but he was going to go down fighting and clawing his way out of the gutter.
Cas watched from the couch as his boyfriend walked into his bedroom with a little extra pep in his step. He smiled and shook his head as he walked to the room. What he and Dean share went so far beyond any title. Boyfriends? Lovers? Nothing encompassed all that he felt for Dean. They had been friends from the moment they met. Becoming roommates was a logical next step. Becoming something more is a simple progression. As Cas looked at Dean lying on the bed with his eyes closed, legs partly slightly, and his chest rising and falling with shaky breaths, his mind did that thing. The thing where his thoughts raced and he had a new idea. He knew what he needed. More importantly, he knew what his baby boy needed.
"Yea, yea. I love you, too." Cas tried to look angry, but he couldn't help but to begin laughing along with Dean.
"Thank you Gabe. I really appreciate it. Hey, I think Dean is waking up from his nap. I'll talk to you later. See you soon."
"Alright. I was going on a first date, right? I was maybe sixteen or seventeen. It wasn't my first date ever, but it was my first date without my parents awkwardly watching from the other side of a restaurant. They were always very protective when one of my siblings or I went on a first date. This one time they didn't even tell me that they were going to be in the same place and I--"
Then the cafeteria staff arrived with Dean's breakfast. He immediately went rigid and placed himself between them and Castiel. Cas looked over at him and saw his upper lip raised on one side and he could hear an extremely quiet growl. Much like the nurse, the cafeteria staff put down the tray quickly and got out of room 327. As soon as the door shut, Dean relaxed and smiled over to Castiel. Cas was surprised the kid didn't have whiplash from those mood changes.
After what was probably only a few seconds of silence, but what felt like an eternity, Bobby spoke up. "Come again?"
Cas moved his lips to the other side of Dean’s throat but kept his hands firm. “I want pie versus cake debates while we shove each other out of the way to use the sink first.”
Castiel smiled and then laughed a tired laugh. "Goodness, we're true mates and I don't even know your last name."
The kid growled and looked at Castiel with nothing but malice and irritation. If he could get out of bed, Castiel knew he would try his best to kick his ass. He could see the kid gripping the sheets of his bed and his upper lip was twitching.
Dean stood up and stepped over Castiel. The alpha wasn't sure what he should do at this point, so he stood as well and leaned against the wall. Cas watched Dean and his heart broke for him more and more as the omega continued to let out his anger.
“Good, little one. Spit on it for me, would you, baby?” Fuckfuckfuckfuck. Once his brain came back online, Dean nodded his head before raising up and spitting down on Cas’ cock. It made it shine and if he was just two or three inches closer, his mouth would be full right about now. “Keep going, back in your original position. You need to remember how perfect you are, baby. Fucking sexy little thing.”
After cleaning both of them up and telling Dean to go brush his teeth and use the bathroom, Cas wrapped his arms firmly around the other man. For a few minutes, they just laid there. They laid still, listening to one another’s breath and sighs of contentment. Every now and then one would run their hand over the other’s arm or side. Slow, lazy kisses on every available piece of skin. Eventually, Cas broke the silence. “So, I know that it may be hard to transition back from your headspace… I thought of something that may help you out.” Cas gave a half-smile as he stroked Dean’s hair.
Cas blushed and ducked his head. Ellen was one of the only people in the world that could make him feel like he was still just a little pup. "Thank you, Ellen."
“I, uh… When Charlie told me ‘thanks for helping today,’ I said that it wasn’t a big deal and that it didn’t really matter that I had helped. You, you told me to say ‘you’re welcome.’ I downplayed how hard I worked. I broke that rule.”
"But I'll be right back." Castiel poked Dean on the nose and smiled. As he l left the bedroom with Dean pouting behind him, the pure bliss of being with his True Mate hit him. He wasn't ever going to be alone again and he got to spend his life with this magnificent omega. He was a lucky man.
A couple of hours later, the kid was sleeping and Castiel was making some notes on his report. Suddenly, the omega was shaking and whimpering. His heart rate spiked and nurses came rushing in. Castiel tried to see what was happening, but he was pushed back quickly and medical jargon filled the room. He was lost. He just hoped the omega was okay. Slowly, the heart monitor stopped beeping and was back to a normal rate. The nurses parted and Castiel looked at the omega for the first time.
Dean shook his head. His demeanor changed. He sat the ball on his lap and leaned against the pillow. "'m not... Not wonderful."
The omega, on the other hand, seemed to know exactly what to look for and where to find it. His eyes darted around and he sniffed. "Well, it's not an antifreeze leak. When's the last time you checked the oil?"
"Yea! And maybe like, on the nightstands, we could get picture frames? And, holy shit, his and his hand towels?"
"Yea..." Sam looked down shyly. "I, um... I hope that's okay. I understand that it's not very professional of me to befriend a client."
Dean was ready for this to be over. “I… I-uh… One good thing…” Dean was terrible at recognizing the good in himself but it was fucking impossible to do with a monster cock six inches away from your face. “I’m really good at my job. I-uh…” He coughed to try to cover his moan as he saw Cas throw his head back onto the couch cushion. “I know cars really well and can fix pretty much anything. I’ve been like… fuck,” Now there was precum. Fucking fabulous. “Uh, I’ve been able to fix everything that’s ever been in the shop.”
"I will be back tomorrow. Would you be okay with me reading again tomorrow? I got to a great chapter."
"Of course. As far as you and Dean..." He knew he couldn't say that they were brothers and give them false hope, but it did seem like an interesting case. "It is quite a coincidence that you found those articles about Dean's parents and that you two meet up now by sheer luck. I think that it may be worth looking into adoption records and to get a DNA test to know for sure. I think it would help explain why you two get along so well. It's possible... again, not for certain... but it's possible that you two formed a familial scent bond before meeting one another yesterday."
Dean leaned into Cas as they walked through the door. "Please. If I don't get to sleep in your bed tonight, I think I'm going to scream."
Before too long, the doctor came in. "Hello, I'm Dr. Roche. And you are?" He didn't look at Cas as he moved around the room.
Dean cackled and tucked Bee under his arm. "Okay, fragile ears have been covered. Now get on with it."
"Really, little one. Use your sippy cup this morning." With that, Cas spanked Dean playfully and made his way to the bathroom.
"Yea, I guess." Dean looked away from Cas and chewed on his thumbnail for a bit. It looked like he was trying to find the best way to continue. "That guy's name was Arthur. He told me that he could help me get into a business that would make me some good money. He said that his boss needed someone on call to help with locks during their... visits... to different businesses. At this point, I figured my life was already in the shitter, so why not add a juvie record? If I could make as much money as he said, I would be able to pay my way outta trouble, anyhow. Plus, I was still only sixteen. Not a whole lot they could do to me."
It was Sam's turn to show his confusion. "Um... yes, I was. For about a year before I was adopted. How did you know?"
“Oh, I know sweetie. I want you too. But, I was serious. We need some rest. We have a lot of moving to help with tomorrow. Before you start pouting, remember that I am going to reward you if you’re a good sport about this.”
Dean, along with Bee, looked expectantly at the bathroom door when Cas came back into the bedroom. "So, are you going to check your email?" Dean hopped out of bed and his smile made Cas's grumpiness simmer down.
Bobby chuckled and began unpacking some files from his briefcase. "It's no trouble, Mr. Novak. I remember when I met my omega, Karen. They're all you can think about."
Cas nodded and squeezed Dean close to him before walking them to the linen closet. "I understand, baby. You grab whatever you need. I think I have some bubbles or aromatherapy stuff from a secret Santa exchange a couple of years ago. I rarely take baths."
"Oh, of course! Anyone who can get it through Sam's head to take care of that old lemon in the front yard is fine by me." He gestured to the large sectional sitting in the middle of the room. "Please, sit. We ordered pizza delivery. They should be here in about half an hour."
Dean rubbed Cas's hand with his thumb. "So, important question, favorite Batman villain?" And with that, Cas leaned back against the wall and listened to Dean and Sam bicker over the pros and cons of The Joker.
Castiel smiled and nodded, "I'd like that, but I don't know how to swim." He blushed a little in embarrassment as he stood up with Dean. He was excited about the pool, but a little scared as well. He heard about drowning and it didn't sound fun.
Castiel was quiet for a bit as they danced. Then he worked up the courage to say, "John.. I want to... thank you."
Dean leaned down to meet the kiss, licking into Castiel's mouth and forcing himself to pull away after a moment to scoop Cas up over his shoulder and march back to their rooms, the servants giggling at how happy they both were.
Sam looked at Castiel, carefully leaning down, "It's a panic attack. It could be something from being at that breeding house."
Dean came behind Cas, his alpha instincts preening happily at the view of his slick omega presenting his perfect ass to be fucked and knotted. First, though, Dean leaned down and licked over Castiel's hole. He groaned at the taste, swiping his tongue over him again. "Fucking perfect, Cas," he moaned.
Dean gripped Felix's arm, eyes turning alpha red, "Beta, you will release my mate RIGHT NOW or I will personally make your life a living hell, father or no."
Castiel took a deep breath and said, "If you had not bought me from that breeding house, I never would have met Dean. Even, with all you have done, you still brought us together in a way, so, thank you for that." He then looked up into his eyes, he didn't have to fear John anymore. Not with his mate and family nearby to protect him if he needed it.
Castiel shook his head, not sure he liked how they wanted him to behave. "Sam, this video, I don't like it. So I have to not be who I am, and follow rules that make it look as though I am helpless. Why can't I just be me? Am I really so bad on my own?"
"I'll do that. Get some rest, Adam." Sam stepped out of the room again and headed for the car and home.
Dean drew him close against his chest. "I'm never letting you go back there, Cas. Ever." He locked the door behind them when they entered, Sam was the only one with a key, and sat on the couch, curling Castiel into his arms. "I'm so sorry he scared you. So sorry, sweetheart."
Dean reached out hands for Castiel as he reached the front of the aisle. "You look beautiful," he whispered to him.
Dean echoed the moan, his hips rolling, not slow but not rough either, enjoying the sensations of Cas around him, leaning to kiss him again. As Castiel approached climax, writhing under him, Dean knotted inside him and Castiel spilled over his belly. Nothing ever felt so right.
Castiel blushed and nodded, "planning right now. I'm just hoping I don't mess this up. I really don't want to wear any of the dresses for it but Charlie is right, John won't be very happy if I wear some other dress he deems unacceptable. What did they say about Adam? Will he be okay? I asked Dean to send him a gift today."
Dean leaned down and kissed him again immediately, a little more firmly this time, his tongue coaxing Castiel's lips open and sweeping inside, tangling with the omega's own tongue. He hardened under Castiel, even though he was fighting his arousal, inhaling deeply as he kissed him and drawing in the wonderful scent of his partner. Dean growled softly, shivering at the hint of tempting slick.
"He was playing video games with Adam, not having sex. Trust me, I wasn't happy about it either," Dean crossed his arms, "and if he ever does have sex with Adam, I will personally punish both of them, hard."
Castiel was laughing as he put his arms around his alpha. They rolled some and ended up with Dean on top of Castiel. He had Castiels arms pinned above his head by his wrists, and was straddling Castiels lap. Castiel panted as he looked up at Dean, licking his lips, "you caught me alpha, now what will you do?"
Dean just stared at him wide eyed and even a beta could probably scent the flare of arousal coming from him. Cas tended to cover up and dress conservatively on a normal basis, he didn't even wear pretty omega panties or anything, and while it disappointed Dean a little he'd never said anything because Cas was his own person and should be allowed to choose what he wanted. Now though, with Castiel's beautiful legs made longer from the high heels, wearing smoky eye makeup that made his eyes impossible bluer, and corset covered bodice with the beautiful dress, he was finding it hard not to pounce upon him right there in the foyer.
"Mm. We should get up anyway, see if there's anything she needs us to do. I also want to prepare those burgers ahead of time." Dean took one last long breath of Cas, stretched and carefully sat up, not wanting to mess up the nest
Dean leaned in, pressing a kiss to his neck and letting his fangs grow, then bit down, drawing a little blood, tongue lapping that away. "I love you," he whispered in Castiel's ear, moving to his lips and kissing him to the cheers of the crowd
Dean squeezed him back, laughing a little at his enthusiasm. "Hey, have fun with Charlie?" he smiled gratefully at her and ran fingers through Castiel's hair.
Castiel nodded and as he went to do that there was a knock at Dean's door. "Alpha Dean?" It was one of the servants, and he sounded a little nervous to be bothering Dean and Castiel right then.
Dean sat nearby, quiet but trying to get his scent a little more calmed down. Freaked out alpha is probably not what Cas needed right now. "I'm sorry, Cas. I had no idea. Please, just breathe. Focus on our voices. You're gonna be okay."
Castiel swallowed hard, a little worried, "well, yes. I was in his room. He showed me this game he plays, World of Warcraft. It looks amazing, Alpha Dean. Adam even said he would help me make a character so we could play it together." He smiled as he walked to the alpha to nuzzle him.
Sam nodded, "I'll take him. Dean, take Cas back to your room, just in case." He knew how Dean felt about Adam, and he knew how his father might take advantage of leaving Castiel alone. "I'll come up with something for this time at the hospital, but next time..." he shook his head as he leaned down and helped Adam up, the beta gasping in pain.
"Because Felix is a suck up and tattles on every poor soul in this place. Plus, a beta servant is stronger than an omega, not bothered by scents, and will never try to exert dominance since they're level headed," Adam ticked off the reasons on his fingertips, grinning, "or so they say." He looked at Castiel closely, "you're cute. Surprised Dean hasn't claimed you yet. Aren't alphas supposed to be crazy about cute omegas?" Adam went to a mini fridge by his large tv and grabbed a soda, "want one?"
Castiel smiled, "yes please. I've never had a soda before." When he got it he opened it and sniffed it, smelling the sugar. "I was bought from a breeding house. John wants me to have pups by my next heat or he says he'll send me back there, but Dean says he won't let that happen."
"I'd like that, Cas. We need to start getting used to each other’s scents, so being alone here together is probably a good thing." Dean replied as he tugged out boxers and jeans, a few tattoos showing on his skin in random places.
Benny smiled and as he walked over, said, "Hello, Castiel. It's nice to meet you." He reached out, gently took his hand, and kissed the back of it. When he saw the terrified look in Castiel's eyes, he dropped his hand immediately and didn't say anything more.
Castiel smiled, "it is. I always wanted to make nest like this. I just wasn't allowed to." He didn't want to think about the breeding house but he felt bad for the omegas still there. One day he would help some others like Dean helped him.
Castiel shook his head, "no, Dean is great. His father bought me for either Dean or Sam to take as a mate. Sam is nice but, I love Dean."
Castiel nodded and said, "I know." He cuddled closer to the other, the makeshift pup between them. He loved Dean so much, but he missed his pups. He got to see Jack and wondered about the pups he didn't get to see. The oldest was five now and could be in school. His youngest would almost be one now.
Charlie nodded, looking understanding, "a lot of omegas think that because they've heard the bad side. Look here, these mates are all in love and it doesnt hurt at all." She showed him a series of videos, watching his face carefully.
Sam waited until John left to say, "I don't know how he pulled that off, but Castiel is going to be thrilled to get to see his pup."
Once they got home, he grabbed some bags and as they walked in he called, "Dean! Don't get mad, I smell like an alpha, but it's okay, it was my brother Gabriel!" He was still excited as he walked inside the house, and towards the kitchen.
Just as Castiel got inside Dean's phone rang, John's work number lighting up the screen. Dean took a deep breath and hit answer.
Dean smiled at Cas as he came back in while he was doing the dishes. "How was that? Do you think you'll keep doing it?" Dean asked, setting a dish aside in the dish rack to dry.
Dean smiled, leaning against the doorway, "Charlie said she's going to get the birth control tomorrow."
The beta looked him over for a minute before giving a nod. "Yes, you're to be taken to my masters at the Winchester mansion. They await your prompt arrival, omega. I'm here to take you there. Hurry up now." The beta turned, indifferent about this omega. The scent or admittedly slightly run down sight wasn't anything special to him.
Castiel looked down at his half eaten burger and fries, not feeling that hungry anymore. He had so much on his mind and didn't know what to do about it. Dean said he could talk to him, but he was still unsure what he could say without making Dean angry, or crossing some line he did not yet know was there.
"Congratulations, Cassie." Anna, holding her infant pup, hugged him carefully, "we love you so much."
Felix noticed Cas going in and out of Adam's room and leaned against the doorway frowning. He looked up as Dean walked past and cleared his throat. "I wasn't aware you were going to gift this omega to your youngest brother," he commented, making sure he was loud enough to be heard inside the room. Dean growled, fangs bared, making Felix take a quick step back. "Yeah, I wasn't aware either. Go away, Felix."
"Castiel loves you. Ceremony or not. To him, you have to be the best thing he has ever had gotten in life. He came from a breeding house right? How many of those omegas get to have an alpha that would do half of what you have for him?" Charlie stared him down.
It wasn't John, but Felix, "yes, Dean, your father would like to have a meeting with both you and your brother Sam at your earliest convenience."
Castiel nodded, "when he said he wanted to mark me, I had only heard bad things about mating marks and Dean agreed to wait. So, he scent marks me as often as he can." He then went to his mate and exposed his neck to him.
"Of course I want to take you. I wouldn't want to take anyone else," Dean looked up at the clothing remark, "they'll be custom making an omega dress for you, but I'll make sure it's nowhere near as revealing and that you get as much say as you can. I need to have you measured though, so I'll meet you in our rooms tonight around 5?"
Castiel nodded and relaxed in Dean's arms, slowly drifting off to sleep. He would be safe with him there. No one would hurt him in Dean's bed.
A kiss? Castiel smiled and nodded without hesitation, "a kiss would be fine, alpha Dean." His heart was racing. Maybe this could count as a thank you. He really wanted to do something special for Dean, this alpha had treated him so kindly, defended him, relaxed him. What could he offer? It had been a long time since Castiel had kissed someone willingly.
Dean gathered his omega in his arms and swiftly took Castiel back to their rooms, slamming and locking the door. He was breathing hard, fangs digging into his mouth as he tried to reel back his alpha instincts, eyes still bright red.
Dean came in half an hour later, smiling at the sight, "now that's just the most amazing thing I've ever seen. A beautiful omega cuddled in a perfect nest and a drink waiting for me. Perfect." He kicked off his shoes, changed into comfy clothes in a flash and climbed into the nest to cuddle and kiss Castiel.
"How dare you talk to me like that omega!" The alpha stood up, threatening as he strode over to Castiel.
Castiel's noises got louder and louder as the thrusts got harder and faster, crying out in pleasure at each particularly good thrust, and he shivered as he felt Dean's knot forming. It was slipping in and popping out, but it was getting bigger and Castiel knew Dean was about to knot him. He also knew he should feel conflicted about this, but everything felt so very right, and Castiel just squeezed his eyes shut.
Castiel wanted to believe that Dean was kind. He really did, but... was he bought to be the house bitch? Could they be playing nice? All his fears came rushing back at once. He quickly jerked away, slapping at Dean and leaving the alpha with a look of bewilderment.
Luke snarled loudly as the last stranger ran off. "Bastards trying to take my baby brother. I could rip their heads off!" he growled, still in fight mode, pacing as if in a cage waiting for the bell.
Dean grumbled drowsily, blinking an eye open. "Cas? Are you okay?" his voice was growly with sleep, fingers squeezing Castiel's gently.
Desn followed as if tugged by an invisible string, licking his lips. He came close and leaned over, pressing castiel on his back, inhaling the scent from his neck, "oh fuck, I love you."
Castiel smiled, "really?" He didn't think it could get any better than this with Dean. He was happy just like this, with Dean cuddling him so securely. It occured to him, then, that he might be here forever with Dean, but that meant being here forever with John too.
"Oh, uh, working on cleaning my tools. You may have seen the cars in the garage on the way in, those are my projects. I fix them up from scrap." Dean set the objects aside and looked straight at the omega. "They tell me you were pretty successful in the facility. One of dad's main goals in life is to have grandkids." Dean made a face. "I love kids, but going and paying for an omega have them for you, no feelings involved, is awful."
Dean did the press statement, telling them the company and their standards were going to start going a whole different direction. He told them that they were also going to start raising money to get all breeding houses shut down and start advocating for omega rights. He didn't realize Castiel was watching the very channel he was on, his voice strong and firm as he spoke of these promises.
Dean blinked in surprise, scenting the air and arching an eyebrow. "Smells like candy." He stood from where had been watching a movie with sam to help unload the groceries, pausing only to scent Castiel's neck and kiss his lips. "Glad you're home, beautiful. Tell me everything."
Castiel smiled and leaned into Dean's kisses. Once he was done with his food, he asked, "Would it be okay if I made my first vlog?"
Castiel smiled in the picture and them thanked Charlie before turning to Gabriel. "I never forgot you, or my other brothers and Anna. She hadn't presented before I left." He said not knowing if she was a rare female alpha, a beta or omega like him.
Alone...alone was never a good thing. It meant pain, no food, no light, nothing good came from being alone. He curled in to protect himself as it was the only thing he could think to do, trying to slow his pounding heart.
"I seriously think that will only make him more likely to stick to his guns," Dean sighed, "he's the very definition of traditional alpha. Challenge him in any way and he'll fight tooth and nail to keep things the way they were."
"Do I have to wear anything like the breeding dress?" He had no idea what to wear to something like this, or what he would be expected to do.
Castiel yelped as he was slammed onto the table, struggling, "let me go! You can't do that! That would be rape!" He whined in fear, hoping Dean would do something, anything to not let that happen. He kicked and scratched at John's arm to try and get free, trembling with fear.
Charlie smiled and nodded, "Yeah. With his vlogs I bet it will help him clear his mind more as well." She got her car keys and left to get the pills for Castiel.
Castiel nuzzled him, "that is so good alpha." He was glad that Felix would be gone. They could go back to the mansion and he would be safe and not judged.
Felix nodded, "Yes sir." He bowed before leaving. The dinner hmm? There was no chance that awful omega would be ready by then.
He handed Charlie his phone and she took a picture, and also added her number to Gabriel's phone, "in case you need to get ahold of each other.
"Alpha, how many pups would you want?" He asked softly as he was never really sure how many he wanted. He'd never had the choice to think about it.
Castiel was looking down and was quiet as Dean talked with this other alpha. His fears were returning, wondering if Dean would offer his company or worse. Dean just shook his head, "I better keep showing him around before he gets lost on his own. I'll text you."
Dean groaned back, bobbing his head and letting his tongue twist around Castiel's length. He wasn't sure if Castiel had ever had a blowjob before, but he was going make this the best one ever.
Dean's breathing was harsh, senses flooded with this perfect omega. The way his golden eyes were shining, his chest rising and falling as he rode Dean's dick, hair messed up and slick gushing from him. He guided their lips together again as he kept the slow but steady pace. "Yeah, need you too, Cas," Dean murmured against his lips.
Dean nodded thoughtfully, draping his arm around Cas. "You're tough as nails. Everyone is really paying attention to what you did. Maybe more omegas will stop taking shit from alphas," Dean sighed, "I just worry about violence."
Castiel nervously took Dean's hand and got to his feet. He didn't smile, but he wasn't as frightened now. He was trying to figure out what his part was here.
Felix gently knocked at John's bedroom door before entering. "Are you feeling any better sir?" he asked as he went to pour John more coffee and water.
Dean paused, then pulled away. "Yeah, okay, Cas," he turned quietly to go change into sleep clothes, unsure why he felt so rejected.
"Hey guys. Damn, Dean, saw the news tonight and you and Cas were the number one story. I figure you guys are probably stranded somewhere in the city so call me and you can hang out at my house until Winchester senior caves. Ciao!"
Dean scoffed as his father left his wing of the house and turned back to Cas. "Sorry. Dad has a really backwards view on omegas, especially since my mom died." Dean cleared his throat, trying to move on, "so, sleeping arrangements. I'd prefer you sleep with me, get used to my scent, cuddle up at night. But, there's a cozy couch if you dont feel comfortable doing that. During the day I'd like you to stay close. The servants usually know better than to touch but the few alphas we have on staff may ignore that if they find you tempting enough. You can wear whatever you want, I'll ask if I want you to wear something specific or if we're going to an event. Questions about any of that?" Dean still kept a respectful distance, obviously not about to pounce right now.
Castiel tensed and looked towards them. "No, my alpha is out there with my brothers," he said softly as he started to step back, scared.
Felix snorted and said, "You will be, omega." He then started to pull him past Dean. Castiel started to struggle more now that Dean was right there.
Felix gripped his arm roughly,  "I'm sure Master Dean would not be pleased to know what I just saw. Maybe you're used to throwing yourself around but here you belong to him." Felix let go, glared at Adam and walked away down the hall.
"Yes. I'm looking at these designs," Dean held up the pad, "some of them are really pretty, but I know my father will want something more... omega. That was part of what he told me today." Dean handed the tablet to Cas, "but, I promised you you could choose, so you tell me what you like."
Castiel nodded slowly as he ate, thinking things over, "alpha Dean, have you ever been to a breeding house before?"
John sighed, hed been hoping that they would not see that part until it was too late, but his sons were smart enough to go through the entire contract. They would fix the mess he had made. "Very well. I will take Felix with me," he replied and sighed the contract before letting them sign. He then stood and sighed, "I know you two will make this business even better than before."
Dean squeezed Castiel's hand, looking at his expression with a smile. "You know, if you like the sun, we have a pool. You could spend time relaxing there. We also have horses, I can teach you to ride, or sports like tennis or golf," he felt a little sad for Castiel, seeing him so happy over a bit of sunshine. What kind of place did he actually come from?
He sat on the edge of the desk. "I want him to learn his place by the charity dinner. If he does not, it will be me that teaches him. You will have no say in that matter, Dean."
Dean smiled, always adoring when Castiel called him alpha so lovingly. It hit a place deep inside that made him warm and happy.
Castiel smiled and nodded as he curled up with Dean and closed his eyes. He was tired and worried about Adam but relieved he was safe in the hospital.
Charlie shook her head, "Castiel is different. He came from a breeding house so he was never allowed to do anything. A nest gives an omega a sense of safety and belonging. Not just pregnant ones make them, you moose." She showed him the picture she just took, smiling.
Castiel tilted his head with a confused look on his face, "ceremony? What ceremony?" He had never heard about that at the breeding house.
Castiel was used to being talked down to by alphas. But a beta? A part of him didn't like it and he wanted to tell the beta to not be such an ass. However, he didn't know how the 'masters' would react to him telling a servant off. Beta, or not, right now the beta had a higher rank than him. He followed him out to the grand double doors, gold and glittering in the sun.
Sam nodded and asked for the same, pulling out his phone and googling omega etiquette, pulling up youtube and handed it to Cas, "just press the big triangle to play."
Castiel smiled and shook his head, "no, I found some." He hummed as he kept working on the nest. It was looking good, except he knew something was missing but he wasn't sure what.
"You're welcome. We brought you something special after what happened today," one of the servers  gave Castiel a soda and handed another to Dean, "I know we were told you shouldn't have it, but one time won't hurt." Castiel thanked them profusely and saw them out before going back to their nest.
Dean returned the nuzzle as well as a kiss on the lips.  "And nothing... happened, right?" Dean's alpha possessiveness had his hackles raised.
"Um, I think that bag had a few swimsuits to choose from." Dean pointed in the closet, a bag sat there full of omega swimsuits in various colors and some more exposing than others. "I'll teach you to swim. It's not hard." Dean grabbed a pair of shorts and began to undress.
Castiel smiled and said, "I'm not. From the experiences I have with other alphas, I know I'm a lucky omega to have been bought and brought to you."
Dean looked shocked, breath knocked out of him with the sudden answer. "Whoa, Cas, wait. Why would you be dead?" he came to Castiel's side and pulled him close, nuzzling his hair, "I dont like to hear that."
Sam shook his head, "I don't want it, Dean. You know more about it than I do. I'm happy just going to the events for you."
Sam didn't like the way Adam said that, "you better keep your moves to yourself, or you'll find two alphas trying to rip your throat out." He parked by the emergency entrance and soon the hospital staff were rolling Adam in for x-rays and other treatments while getting the fake "he was mugged" story from Sam. The x-rays showed Adam did have three broken ribs, and the eye had major swelling. There was luckily no brain damage, or any expected long term effects. They gave him pain killers and said they wanted to keep him over night.
Adam nodded, "okay. Goodnight, Sam. Could you tell Cas that I'll show him how to play world of Warcraft once I'm better?"
"Dad will expect heels. But, I dont want them so high that he'll be falling over. In a dark shade of green, maybe strappy," Dean pointed to a style he liked on the screen and the tailor nodded. "We'll come for our first fitting in a few days. He'll look stunning," the tailor bowed to Dean and shook Castiel's hand, leaving the room as swiftly and breezily as he had come.
Dean ran after him, darting along the hall. Cas was quicker than he looked, and Dean was having an amazing time trying to catch him. He leaped around a corner and tackled Castiel to the shag carpet rug there, nuzzling him and nipping softly all over.
Dean nuzzled back, smiling, "the perfect mate. Seriously." He kissed him again, curling him into a cozy embrace.
Castiel tilted his head, curious. Why would Dean be like that with his own brother? He nodded, "alright, I'll go see him and then go get us something to eat." He gave Adam a smile before he got up and started to leave the room.
Dean nuzzled along his neck, scenting him and frowning. He sounded and smelled so sad, "I'm sorry, Cas. When the time is right, you tell me and we'll try for a pup. I know this has all been so hard on you."
This is the last normal chapter. Next week will be the epilogue and this fic will wrap up. Thank you to all the readers, we love you so much.
After drying off he got dressed and put on the new boxers, dark blue jeans, and a plain cotton tee shirt. The jeans were a little tight around his ass and crotch but he suspected since these clothes were designed for omegas that that was how they were designed to fit. It was uncomfortable, but hed take anything over that hideous dress. Once he felt presentable, Castiel went to find Dean again, finding him bent over working on something. "What are you doing, alpha Dean?"
Dean gasped at the pressure to his hard cock, hands tightening on Castiel's hips. "Cas, you don't have to," he told him softly, though he thought he might actually die if Cas stopped now.
"Could I have one of those egg, sausage and cheese sandwiches? Like I see on tv?" Castiel asked, hoping it was okay to have that.
As they got outside and Sam looked at the car he sighed, "I'll be okay. Cas, you sit up front with Charlie."
They next were doing the traditional dance with family. Castiel was nervous when it came time for him to have a dance with John, but his brothers, Dean, Sam and Adam were there in case John tried anything. When John approached he did a polite bow then moved a little.
Anna wiped her eyes, "and that is what makes you a great alpha for Castiel." She sighed, "I should get going. Cassandra's daddy will be waiting for us." She then called out, "Cas! I have to go now."
The group turned to Dean and Anna smiled sweetly, "please, let's get the food started. Luke should be here soon." She then started over to the table and sat down. Castiel followed and set the salad down.
Dean wasn't angry, just looked at Cas with a sad expression. "I'm sorry to hear that. That must've been the hardest thing in the world," Dean paused, "I hope you know I won't force you into anything. If you want birth control or heat suppressants or both I'll get them for you."
She smiled, hugging him close. "Oh, Cassie. We've missed you so much." She petted his hair gently, looking him over. "No mating mark?" she sounded surprised, and made Michael look over at him too. Dean was too focused to pay attention, lighting the grill.
Dean gave soft bites to his thighs, giving Cas a second to collect himself before mounting him and sliding in. Despite how big Dean was, the slide was easy from the earlier stretching and just how soaking wet Castiel was.
"I have some cash on me. Let's find a hotel. If dad keeps being stubborn I can sell my rings and watch." Dean said quietly. "Once he sees he has no idea how to run the business alone he'll call. We just have to wait it out," Dean began to walk, Castiel still in his arms, hailing a taxi and telling them to drive to a hotel closest to the middle of town.
He looked down, now nervous again as he started to fidget. He played with the hem of the shirt he was wearing to avoid looking at the alpha. He actually liked pups, but his body was so tired and if he had them here, he had no guarantee Dean wouldn't take them away too. Castiel couldn't live through that, not again. He also thought about Dean's father. He hadn't met him yet, but from what Sam said about him, and the attitude Dean had mentioned, he wasn't sure he even wanted to see him. He was so conflicted, and when he looked back up at Dean his eyes were damp. "I'm sorry I don't know things, alpha."
Castiel swallowed hard, anxious. "What if, when I do have a pup, it's a girl. Would he try to get rid of her? Or even get rid of me for not having a son?" he whimpered and looked down at the bed. "I don't want to have another pup taken from me. I can't survive that," he closed his eyes and prayed that if he did have a pup that it would be a boy.
Castiel looked towards where Sam pointed towards, wondering why he would need to avoid Master Winchester senior. Even if he could avoid him, what about Dean? What exactly was he walking into?
Dean smiled as he saw Cas come back with the sodas, holding out arms to help him cuddle up with the food, "looks like they're starting to warm up to you, huh?"
"There are a lot of people taller than Sam, sweetheart," Dean explained, "like basketball players, or even just people on the street."
The boy chuckled, flicking on a light after pausing his game, "sorry. I was playing a video game online. I keep it dark to see the screen better." He stood and came closer, not threatening, just curious. "I'm Adam, Dean's half brother. I'm a beta, and dad doesn't really care for betas, so I stay pretty well away from him. You must be Dean's new mate. Nice to meet you."
Dean hummed, sliding down as far as he could go and sucking on his way back up, hands sliding up to play with Castiel's sensitive nipples, punching lightly in his fingertips.
Sam grinned, "pretty sure the guy who played Chewie was much taller than I am, Cas. Its flattering you think I'm that tall, though." Dean just smiled, kissing the side of Castiel's head as he sipped the beer he had in the hand not wrapped around Cas.
"If Dean, Sam or Charlie isn't around, yes." Cas admitted softly, "but Charlie is teaching me self defense.
Castiel enjoyed learning to swim, proud of his progress, and relaxing there now he realized just how content he was. His eyes were closed and his body lax. He jumped a little when a servant came out looking for them, "excuse me, alpha Dean. Your father wishes to talk to you. It's about the charity dinner, and Castiel."
Dean grinned, "tempting, but I'd love it if you can show Cas how to navigate a phone. When I have money again I can buy him one. While you do that I'll make lunch."
Sam was with his own hired date, a pretty little brunette with brown hair lighter than Castiel's that shimmered in the lights, dark eyes and a pretty red dress much more revealing than Castiel's own. John's date was a hired blonde with golden eyes and a sleek blue dress that left nothing to the imagination and was so see through she might as well have been naked.
Dean looked deep into Castiel's eyes, nodding.  "I do," his voice was firm and confident, hands squeezing Castiel's.
"Maybe.." Adam replied lightly, closing his one good eye. "Man, I feel tired, but it's not a good idea to fall asleep is it?"
Castiel looked up at him in surprise, "you really want to take me?" Yeah, both Dean and Felix said he would be attending some events, but Castiel hadn't thought it would be this soon or something so special.
Suddenly, both men jumped when the door to Deans rooms slammed open and another alpha walked in. Castiel stood frozen in fear at the scent of this alpha. He smelled like alpha cologne, power and lust and dominance stung Castiel's nose and could immediately tell this alpha wasn't like Sam or Dean, at least what he knew of them so far.
"Sounds good, sweetheart. I'll be back as soon as I possibly can. Charlie will meet you here, she's a perky, nerdy redhead," Dean kissed Castiel's forehead and slid away to take a quick shower.
"But I can't pay for it," Dean said quietly, staring at his lap, "I can't give him anything anymore." He tapped his fingers on the table anxiously, sighing.
Castiel smiled and said, "yeah. Luke scared me just a little when those alphas showed up, but he calmed right down."
John looked at Cas, who was curled into himself to look small, then up and down at Dean, who was in an aggressive posture, ready to defend. "Already possessive? That's a good sign. There are strong alpha genes in you. I'll grant you permission today, just remember I run this house." He pulled away from Castiel and with one more pleased look at them both he left Dean's rooms as quickly as he came.
Castiel blushed slightly. Hearing his mate was so sure he was the one he wanted to spend the rest of his life with made him so happy, and he couldn't wait for his mate to get back.
He liked Adam, and decided he wanted to try and be friends. He and Adam could be be good for each other. Adam taught him a lot about that game and the different foods and drinks he might like to try. Adam even said he would help Castiel pick out, make his own character, and teach Cas how to play along with him.
He was surprised to see so many people there taking pictures and asking questions of John, Sam and Dean. Then one directed towards him, "omega! What is your name?" Castiel wasn't sure if he could answer so he looked silently to Dean to see what to do.
Dean gently touched Jack's cheek and smiled too, winding his arm around Castiel's waist. Castiel's siblings and Sam came rushing up, all of them grinning.
"Alpha, if I do have a pup and it's not a boy, will it be taken away?" He asked in a whisper. He didn't know if he would have a pup with Dean right now or not, but he had to know what would happen if he did have a pup and it was a girl, not a boy. He'd only had one baby girl at the breeding house, and she'd been taken away for adoption when the alpha father rejected her. His heart still ached thinking of it.
"Yes. My dad adored my mom, but he still drank too much. Back then, dad was amazing to omegas. He respected my mom and the whole group. When she died...that all reversed," Dean told him softly, finishing the last of his dinner.
Castiel stood up cheering for his mate. All of his attention was on the alphas in the field and he didn't hear the other alphas that were coming up behind him.
As he felt Dean's hands running down his back, hips, and ass with such a gentle touch, Cas shivered, "I'm sure, alpha Dean." It felt nice that an alpha was being so kind, and making sure he really wanted this. This wasn't just happening because an aroused alpha paid for him.
Dean began to strip Castiel and kissed every bit of skin he could reach as more of it came into view, dragging his tongue down Castiel's belly, tugging down castiels sleep pants and taking his cock into his mouth with a moan.
Adam was on the ground, lip split, nose bleeding and one eye swollen. Castiel ran towards Adam, completely oblivious to his own safety, "Adam!"
Castiel didn't need the advice on how to act in front of alphas. He knew how to play that game, even if he hated the part he had to play. During the drive he looked out the window, mostly up to the blue sky, and dreamed of being free. He hadn't seen the sky in what felt like his entire life. Even with the nerves eating at his stomach, he would soak up the sun while he could.
Dean nodded, "I understand, cas. I'll have it sold." He picked it up and folded it along with their tuxedos.
Adam shrugged, "I'm used to it, and I have all my friends online. I've enjoyed your company today, but if it's going to make Dean upset I don't want to do that either." He squeezed Castiel's knee gently, "you deserve the choice, and its up to you."
Dean smiled proudly, "yes. We will be having a mating ceremony in the near future. He's definitely the omega I want to spend the rest my life with. He's very strong, he's doing okay after the incident."
Castiel moaned softly into the kiss, smiling happily at what his mate said. "Alpha, what about a room for Jack?" he asked softly as he knew there were lots of rooms here, but he wanted one just for Jack.
Castiel smiled, "thank you Alpha Sam. Alpha Dean, Alpha John, do you like this?" His heart raced, he knew Dean would love it. But John? He wasn't sure. It was not a traditional dress an omega would wear to a party.
He squeezed Dean's hand back and the preacher smiled, "then by the powers vested in me, I hereby pronounce you Mates. Dean, you may mark your mate."
Dean squeezed him tight, kissing his head softly. "I'm in love with you, Cas. I never thought I'd feel like this for anyone," he rubbed their cheeks together, "promise to stay by my side?"
Castiel smiled and nodded, "thank you."  He watched with interest as Charlie pulled into he driveway and ordered food for everyone.
Castiel winced a little at the first moment, but the pain melted away and he sighed happily. "I love you too Dean, my alpha," he kissed him back, looking away only when he felt a tug at his dress. He looked down, and smiled upon seeing Jack. He picked him up and smiled up at his new mate. This was a perfect day.
Dean huddled Cas in his arms, knowing his brothers could handle the other alphas, keeping him tucked against him and safe. Nobody would touch him while Dean was around.
Adam grinned and spoke, interrupting Castiel's thoughts, "it's World of Warcraft. It's an online game with a bunch of other people playing. You can team up and fight each other or big bosses for prizes. I have a team, this headset lets me listen and talk at the same time, so I can hear what's going on and what people will be doing. It's also why I didn't hear you at first, sorry." Adam laughed, rubbing the back of his head.
Castiel nodded, relieved knowing that he wouldn't have to be dressed in that disgusting piece of clothing. He hated that thing, it made him feel so dirty. "Could I at least pick the color of it?" he asked softly, trusting Dean that it would be a pretty design and comfortable enough for him to wear for hours.
Dean nodded, "Thank you. I'll bring him in a minute." Dean got up to get a shirt, looking over at Castiel. "Cas, don’t worry. Alpha or not, I'm not going to let my father hurt you. He's already done enough damage."
Charlie was close to tears hearing that. Cas had thought seriously of suicide, and that was heart breaking.
As they got there Gabriel announced, "guys, here are the men of the hour, baby brother Cassie, and his soon to be mate, Dean." Everyone looked and got up coming over, first going to Castiel as they had not seen the other in so long, speaking excitedly all at once.
"What the..." the alpha narrowed his eyes at him, "wait, I remember you from that whore house on Royal Street. You're Jack's mother. Well, I never expected to see you at a benefit dinner, especially with a family as distinguished as the Winchesters. Though I suspect you wont be there much longer." He rubbed his cheek, wincing a little despite himself, and John stood and whirled on Castiel, eyes dark red with alpha anger.
"Pancakes with bacon please." Castiel was really hoping bacon wasn't something John wouldn't let him have right now. His mind was whirling with everything he had to do and hoped he wouldn't mess anything up.
Dean was leaning against the wall and jumped up when Cas came out, coming over immediately. "Hey, are you okay?" He began to look him over for wounds or marks.
Dean stared, enraptured, his jaw slightly dropped and eyes shining. Fuck, Castiel was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen, and Dean felt like the luckiest alpha alive right now. Castiel almost looked like an actual angel as he stepped down the aisle. Everything else melted away.
Dean hugged him tight. "I know you like it here. You could...stay, if you'd rather," Dean offered, even though just the thought hurt him.
"Yes and no. If they were broadcasting they wanted to find a mate, coming alone would be acceptable, but since dad wants to eventually choose Sam's mate, and since dad has no desire to get mated again, they have hired dates to show people they are not available," Dean replied softly, walking up the stairs into the building with his arm still around Castiel. "Just stay close, don't speak unless I give permission, and don't touch the food," Dean reminded him gently as they mingled with the crowd. There were many omegas here, both hired and mated, and they all stood silent and submissive next to their alphas or perched upon their laps with heads under the alpha's chin. A few alphas had gone above and beyond and brought more than one omega mate trailing along beside them.
Charlie shook her head playfully, but understood. If Dean didn't do that, every alpha would try to hit on Castiel, or try to steal him away. She used blockers when she was out, so no one really bothered her.
Dean looked down into his blue eyes with affection, cupping Castiel's jaw and rubbing his thumb gently against the skin. "We should have dinner brought. It's been a long day." Dean said quietly. They'd had enough excitement for one night.
Dean rubbed his cheeks all over his neck, purring lowly and ending with nipping lightly at his jaw, "we decided to have a ceremony, which you all will be invited to, of course."
Dean growled under his breath, "okay, I'll be right there. Thank you." He kissed Castiel's forehead, "why don't you finish with the nest and I'll bring back dinner, then we can continue where left off." He kissed his lips lightly and reluctantly let him go.
It was the news and it was reporting about the charity dinner last night. They were reporting on the omega that broke years of tradition by slapping an alpha and speaking out of turn. They spoke to some guests who were upset with Castiels behavior, but could understand it. They even had put a poll up to see if people thought Cas went too far, or if his actions were justified based on what was known and over 80% of people said Castiel was in the right. "Well damn. Cas made the news and people are backing him," Sam stared wide eyed.
Castiel smiled and said, "nice to meet you, Adam. I'm Castiel, and I just met your brothers yesterday." He held a hand out to shake Adam's, "if your dad does not care for betas, why does he trust that Felix so much?"
Dean only hesitated a moment, because despite the amount of self control he had, he was still an alpha and he liked to be able to really breed his omega. He pushed Castiel's knees to his chest and began to drive deep, eyes going alpha red with arousal, their bodies slapping together roughly and slick leaking from Cas onto the blanket beneath them.
"There are those pretty blue eyes. Look at me more often, okay?" Dean smiled softly, carefully holding out his hand. "Can you come here so I can scent mark you? Nothing bad, I promise."
"And what all am I suppose to do here? Just satisfy Dean, and the other alpha that that beta was talking about?"  He remembered Felix talking about a Mr. Winchester senior. Castiel assumed he was another alpha in this household as well.
Cas smiled and thought about it a moment, "maybe a teddy bear, holding balloons saying get well soon?"
Castiel was quiet a moment before asking, "What about your dad?" Sam sighed, "Try to stay away from him. Dad wasn't always like he is now, but if you can stay away from him, that's probably best for everyone involved."
He knew already that the beta did not like him, and Felix had already proved to be a thorn in his side.
Sam sat there, letting Castiel eat and get some air. "There. Feeling better again?" he asked with a smile. Castiel nodded but didn't say anything, staring at the ground.
The tailor smiled and nodded, making a note, "we will get right to work on the dress. What about shoes for it?" Castiel looked at Dean for this, "you pick the shoes, Alpha. I don't know much about shoes."
Castiel quickly pulled away and moved to be on the other side of Sam, "I was speaking my mind, I can't be punished for that."
I apologize for the shorter, dialogue filled chapter. I struggled with a good cut off point. Thanks for reading!
Dean pulled him tight to his chest, nuzzling his temple. "You smell so good, sweetheart," he growled happily, tilting his head to kiss him, his tongue running along his lip.
Castiel looked around and sat up straight, "There's Gabriel!" he  pointed and once Dean parked he got out of the beetle and called out, "Gabriel!"
Cas saw the hired dates for Sam and John. "Is it bad if they came without a date?" he asked as he wasn't sure about alpha protocol. He didn't see why it would be bad if an alpha came to something like this alone. It just meant he was still looking for the right mate.
Dean tilted his head to give him better access to his throat, letting him scent and nuzzle all he wanted. His fingers stroked Castiel's back gently, soothing up and down his spine. He slowly felt Castiel relax, his body going a little more lax.
Castiel held onto his alpha's shirt, whimpering, scared, hurt and angry. Luke got there next and didn't hold back as he started to beat the crap out of anyone within reach. The other men soon ran off, utterly defeated, all but the one that Luke knocked out.
Castiel looked at Dean, confused all over again. Please? An alpha never said please for anything. The alpha always knew what he wanted. Feeling a little bolder by the realization Dean genuinely wanted him to make the first move, he lowered himself onto Dean's cock, giving a gasp as his body stretched to accommodate the alpha's length and width.
Castiel purred softly as he listened to Dean compliment him, enjoying the feel of stubble on his skin. It was rough, but nice, and made him feel safe. "I think you smell even better," he said shyly, still purring in his chest at the gentle touches and soft tone of Dean's voice.
Castiel looked at it and slowly reached out for it. "N-no punishment?" he asked in a whisper, and Sam shook his head.
Castiel walked up to a stall and jumped back when the horse put his head out, shocked at just how large it was. He instinctively hid behind Dean, peeking out over his shoulder.
Castiel whimpered and wiped the tears away the best he could. Of course Dean would want to be blood bonded, but last night had felt so special. Did it not mean anything to Dean? Did he think it was just Castiel being like every other omega at the breeding house? "But, last night... I don't understand why he can't just trust me," he sniffled, looking down again. Maybe he really should go, but he didn't want Adam to be alone again. He knew how that felt.
Anna giggled, "why did you think we wouldn't accept you? Luke, I could understand. He's in fight mode almost every day. For years we were told Castiel ran away or died, but it never felt right. Castiel was happy. We might not have had much, but we had each other."
"Of course. They're all very friendly. Come with me." Dean held a hand out in an offer to hold Castiel's own, hoping he would accept.
Castiel yelped when his head was yanked on, and upon seeing the dominant red alpha eyes, his eyes instantly went omega gold. "Y-yes alpha!" He shivered, frightened. He didn't want to go back to that breeding house, he wouldn't be able to stand it.
Dean watched carefully, dancing with anna instead of Castiel's mother, who had declined the invitation to speak to Castiel at all, let alone be invited. His father didn't seem to be wanting to cause any trouble, very politely dancing with Castiel.
Charlie was going over some of Castiel's choices for the ceremony and smiling. It was going to look fabulous. When she caught Dean's scent she closed the laptop, "what's up Dean?"
Castiel smiled as he listened. "What about your dad? Did they get along with how he is?" He had heard stories of terrible abusive alphas and strong omegas like Dean's mom. Was that why John had an affair and Adam came to be?
Dean made a soft noise as Cas climbed back in the nest, pulling him into his arms and blinking slowly at him. "You okay?" he asked, voice rough with sleep.
Dean could scent Castiel's sadness all the way across the mansion, and he frowned and immediately headed for his rooms. When opened the door and saw Cas curled on the couch, he went to him, kneeling down and touching his back lightly. "Cas, what's wrong?" Dean's nose crinkled, Castiel's normally perfect scent was twisted up and sour.
Castiel looked at him curiously, "so anyone who's pupped would make you happy?" He never knew that and it made him smile a little.
To the horror of the crowd, Castiel slapped the alpha; he slapped him so hard he left his hand print red on his face, "you raped me! You raped me for three years!"
Castiel smiled and said, "I will, alpha. See you in a bit." He smiled and when Dean left he took a deep breath to clear his head and went back to his nest. He used all the blankets and pillows and made it perfect. He got a bag that had the clothes from Charlie's and got a special outfit out, one only meant for Dean to see. He went to the bathroom, and took a quick shower, then once he dried off he put the outfit on. It was a sexy omega nightie. The panties covered his front  but showed every curve and inch of Castiel's ass. He then put on a body spray that Charlie said would enhance his scent. He impatiently waited in the nest, fiddling with the black lace of his outfit. He hoped Dean would be back soon.
Castiel looked at him sadly, "okay, alpha." He walked alongside him to the kitchen to get something to eat.
Castiel listened curiously, but when asked about the kids he had, his head lowered as he thought of them. Kids, yeah, that was why he was here. Dean might say he didn't want them now, but that would change. He knew once he went into heat Dean would want to impregnate him. He would knot Castiel and breed him just like the rest of the alphas Castiel had ever been with.
Castiel smiled and kissed back, giggling at how sticky the others lips were. As he ate and shared his jello with Dean, Charlie was planning on what to do first, "I should do a bit more food shopping. Anyone want to come with me?"
He glanced around curiously, taking in his surroundings. Everything looked so expensive and Castiel was scared to touch anything. He had not been allowed to shower yet today so he was certain he did not smell that great, and all he "owned" was the breeding dress he had on.
Dean smiled, tilting Castiel's chin up to kiss him long and deep, "I would absolutely love that, Cas. Always."
Castiel's eyes were on the alpha, too angry to look away. "He came to the breeding house often. He would pick different omegas but I was his favorite. He had me on one of my heats and he has my third pup." He said softly, his eyes shifting from blue to gold as he tried to be good, tried to keep silent. "My third pup would be over two now. I don't even know his name. Dean, he has my pup!"
Benny smiled and said. "Okay then. See you later, brotha. Cas is more than welcome to join us when you do go out." He then smiled, "Have fun you two." He turned to leave and Castiel finally spoke in a soft voice, "Bye, alpha Benny."
Sam sat up in bed immediately, "Cas, you can't do that. This is already so rough on Dean. It'll break his heart if he finds out you did this for money. Please."
Castiel saw the tattoos, perking up curiously and walked over. Reaching out, he gently touched one and traced the lines of it with his finger. He was very gentle, touch feather light. The tattoos were nothing like Castiel had seen before, and they had a certain unique beauty to them. He smiled wider as he started to trace another, not realizing he was leaving a light flour trail on them until it was too late, and he blushed. "Oh, I'm sorry," he said softly, looking up at Dean.
Castiel nodded and said, "Yeah, I just needed a..." He didn't know the word for it, so said, "a replacement for a pup to hold."
Once at their table, Castiel took his seat on Dean's lap, just like they showed in the video. This part wasn't so bad. He got to be close to Dean, and his scent relaxed him.
