"Pleeeeeeease." Jo asked with huge puppy dog eyes.
“Vanilla bean is way better!”  Jo laughed from the back seat.
“Woah.  How long has that been under there?”
"Hi Castiel!" She greeted him with a huge smile as if he was an old friend he hadn't seen in a while. She took his hand and led him to the table. "We spoke on the phone. I'm Joanna Beth but everyone just calls me Jo. Sam and Dean are just washing up, they should be out soon."
“Nobody asked yoo!”  Castiel slurrered.
When she glanced at the phone she was shocked to see it was already past five. She was also shocked to see a message from her mom and John.
“And what’s your point?  At least Ben can stop asking you who is father is!”
thing."
"Whatever. Don't you have dinner to get to." Castiel said with a smirk on his face.
"Is Sierra Mist ok?"
“Well I’m Joanna Beth Harvelle, most people just call me Jo though.”
“Hush! It’s my turn to cut you off. Now please listen to my question.” A smirk danced across his face as I took better control of the conversation. “Same situation as before, same world, both hunters, but you could have a happily ever after. Do you think you would?”
“I thought you only did that for Dean. And for real! Pick up a damn phone before you just show up! Holy shit man, you could’ve killed me.”
“It’s just...he was your first boy crush. So didn’t you kind of put him on some sort of pedestal? I mean there was something about him that made you see you could like the same sex. There was something so special about him that it broke the social norm that little boys like little girls and that has to be something special. So do you really think you could have a happily ever after with someone you put on such a high pedestal? Or are you just setting yourself up for failure because you’d care for him more than he would ever care for you?”
“John!”  Bobby and Ellen yelled at the same time.
“That’s not very comforting.”
“Jo’s coming back?  Isn’t she suppose to be with her dad?”
"I'm driving today. That's all yours."
“Yes.”  He said a little too fast.
“You got drunk.  Punched Gabe in the stomach, head butted me. You know you’re a lot stronger than you look.”
Jo hesitated a minute thinking.  “I...I don’t know Dean.”
"I'm sorry I just don't like nicknames, if you don't mind I'll just call you Joanna Beth."
Dean was about to agree when he heard his phone rang in Sam’s pocket.
“Wait!  Where’s the rest of your luggage?”  He called from behind her.
“You haven’t even heard it yet.  I could make you sell your soul.”  He said jokingly.
“Why are you so sure?”
Ash laughed when he heard this. "You have a lot of favorites. Anyway I gotta get back to work, come say goodbye before you leave."
Castiel glared at his boyfriend then sarcastically said, “sorry I was a little busy falling I’ll…”  He stopped mid sentence as he saw what Dean was gasping at.
“You say that like it’s a bad thing.”
Jo sighed a sigh of relief, he didn't know Ben was his nephew, he only knew they slept together. "Yeah, that's part of it but...it doesn't matter. Are we almost there yet?"
“Kind of.”
“Ye...Yeah.”  She said slowly.
Less than a minute later Jo was met by the warm embrace of her mother.
Jo high fived Castiel.  “Dude if you’re going to make jokes like that we’re going to be great friends.”  Jo said while laughing.
“Cas would you shut up. I’m trying to watch this masterpiece movie.” Dean looked over with a small smirk on his face.
“Cas…”
“In all the years i’ve known you you’ve never drunk once.  So what’s changed now?”
“You can’t be serious!”
“I guess... maybe in a way... but…”
“If you could date Sharkboy would you?”
"Yup."
Jo smirked. "I know but I love them."
Jo laughed.  “Ain't that the truth.”
Dean and Castiel laid together for a long time after their lovemaking. The blue eyed male was resting his head on Dean's chest as Dean ran his fingers through Castiel's dark hair. They were peaceful and very content, so Dean thought this was a good time than any to ask "does this mean we're back together?" It was a question that he was fairly sure he knew the answer to.
"Kind of." Jo sighed.
“YES!  Why do you keep asking that.”  Dean yelled with still red puffy eyes.
He barely had enough time to open his arms before she was inside of them.  “Hey stranger, long time no see.”  He said with a huge grin on his face.
"Yeah, last time I was here you kicked me out, forever."
“Get your ass out of bed now!”  He heard his angry father say.
The blonde ignored him.  “Not that you should care but you can ask my mom, she was pissed because I didn’t have a helmet.”
“Look.”  Garth said very urgently.  “If you’re going to eat here you can’t cause another seen, understand.”
She was so excited to go to the bar that she skipped down the steps two at a time, totally forgetting her mom was at the table looking at her pictures of Ben.
Dean gulped.  “Yes sir.”  He knew Gabe was angry because Gabe never called Dean by his name, it was almost always boy toy.
When they arrived at the airport it was 1:37, they had a little less than ten minutes to spare.  Sam had always had a small crush on Jo so he decided to make her a small sign with some crumpled paper he found on the ground.  Three minutes later Sam was opening his door to go inside the airport when he stopped.  “Are you coming inside?”
Castiel was trying not to look amazed but it was hard. "This...is amazing but you said you needed to talk about Jo." Castiel took a deep breath. "But this looks like you're trying to get back together with me...which we can't do."
“Oh oops.”  He let go of Jo.  “SORRY EVERYONE.”
The blond turned around with a smirk on her face.  “This is all I brought.”
"You promised my mother that you wouldn't
"Ok, well my number is 426-262-6435, call or text me sometime so we can set this up." She said handing Jo a piece of paper with her number on it.
Dean saw the smirk and knew she remembered. "So we started playing truth or dare, and being as we were hormonal seventh graders all the truths and dares were some what sexual. When it was my turn I picked dare and Cassie dared me to kiss her."
!  Also give me my trench coat.”
“Of course you idjit.”
She said these words with so much force the other two guys were
“TWO HUNDRED BUCKS?!?!”
“What?  No.  It’s because Castiel doesn’t usually drink, i’m surprised he drank that.”
“So you’re a dad.”  Dean smirked.  “Let me ask you something if things had been different between you and your wife would you still want to be a part of that kids life?”
“Maybe but it’s a bad one.”
"The few times you come to town you just alway seem to argue with you mom."
“But you was mean beshore.”
Castiel gently put his hand on Dean's tattoo. "When did you get
Jo tried not to think of the possibility that Dean and Anna would go to lunch and fall for each other again. "Um, yeah that would be fun." She lied again.
When Dean got to the door he saw Cas in his old beat up leather jacket and holding two helmets in his hands.
“Where’d you get them?  Don’t you think they’re gonna wonder how you got that?”
The rest of the way to his house Dean drove under the speed limit.  He arrived at 12:50.  They were on their way to the airport by 12:53, Dean knew they were pushing it seeing as the airport was at least forty-five minutes away but he really didn’t care.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Hot chocolate? In June?" She questioned.
"Why do you always do that?" Sam questioned.
Hello my friends.  I am so very sorry for not posting in a long time, I just finished writing this story and it's all on fanfiction.net.  But now I am going to post it here, so you can expect updates every Friday.  Thank you guys for reading, and feel free to leave comments/reviews/kudos, I really love hearing from you guys!
“Nothing…” Dean started to say before Sam cut him off.
“WAIT.”  Castiel winced at his own volume.  He quitted his tone, “Jo and Gabe...as in together?”
“Well what are you waiting for?”  Jo question.
Dean looked at him and gave his father one of Sam’s bitch faces.  “If you’re going to dinner and movie why would you want to wear a suit?”
“This is why you can’t tell him!”  Jo yelled.  “A father shouldn’t act this way!  You’re not tell him because you want to, you’re telling him to prove a point!”
Before her mother could protest Jo was already jogging upstairs told her room. Truthfully the reason she only brought her bookbag with basically no clothes was she hated what she wore at her fathers home. She missed being able to wear miniskirts and tank tops and honestly just wearing some what slutty clothe. She had to dress professional, like a mother, and much older than she really was, she had to apply makeup to look older too so one would judge her too harshly where she lived with her dad. She left Lawrence because she didn't want to be judged, people thought it was because she got in trouble but her mother would never send her away. Although she loved Ben with all her heart there was a small part of her that hated him, there was a small part of her that also hated Dean, but she didn't want to think about that, so she didn't. Instead she thought about the booze she didn't have anymore because somebody (cough cough Dean) had drunk it all. Since she couldn't be reckless with her dad, she decided to be reckless now.
Dean smirked he loved the way they said goodbye.  “Castiel Jimmy Novak I love you too.”
“Okay but I don’t think you fully understand my question.” I paused trying to figure out how to word it. “If you dated a human Sharkboy in this world. Everything staying basically the same, you’re still a hunter, and he knows about the supernatural, maybe he’s a hunter too, would you two have a happily ever after?”
“Why do you have to choose?”
“Well it does.”  There was a long pause before Castiel spoke again.  “Dean, I love you but you kept this from me.”
"I'm sorry. I will be sorry for the rest of my life. Castiel Jimmy Novak I love you and will be sorry forever if you don't take me back." Dean was literally millimeters away from Cas's lips. "Cas, if we're ever gonna work I need to tell you about…"
“What!  No, he’s honestly not as bad as I thought before.”  She lowered her voice for the next part.  “It’s just I keep thinking about Ben.  I’ve been missing him.  This is the longest I’ve ever been away from him.”
"Dressed like that?" Her mother questioned.
“I’m sorry Dean. I was angry and I shouldn’t have lashed out like that. I think maybe I need to learn how to keep my temper in check.”
“And don’t be mad at the guys, they’re stupid sometimes and probably have no clue what they did.”
“I’m saying you don’t know what it’s like to be a parent!  It’s a hell of a lot harder than you think!”
His face went red, when he’d told his father he was gay he had thought he would have a fit and disown him.  His father was actually really cool about it, he just loved to tease Dean, but he was never insupportivitave.
"Damn it Jo don't give me those eyes." She didn't stop. Ash finally sighed and gave in. "Here, but this is the last one."
I hummed thoughtfully in thought as he unpaused the movie. Dean was very open about who he was but I’d never thought about who his first crush might have been. Knowing it was on a fictional character trying to find his dad seemed very fitting, so I guess it didn’t really surprise me, but it did make me wonder…
"Then why didn't you?"
She looked at her phone, still ignoring the messages from her mom, to see that it was 2:47 am. She didn't know why, maybe it was the two beers, maybe it was seeing Anna, maybe it was a lot of things, but she felt overly emotional, and just wanted to talk to Dean. So she did the one thing she could think of.
“Well maybe not my kid but remember the summer after my mom died?”
Dean took a loud sigh.  “I don’t know dad.  Where are going?”
“So.”  Jo said walking back to Dean in the kitchen.  “What’s the plan today?”
Jo looked to Sam for answers.  All he did was shake his head and say “he’s upset just give him time.”
“Where can I get more of this Holy Beer?”
"Jo." The oldest Winchester said sternly.
“Ok.”
Dean gulped and he could feel his face turning red.  “Dad...please…”
“It means everything and everyone annoys you except
“I mean it Dean.  I think you should go.”
Before he could walk away Dean stopped him.  “Hey you’re handsome in a scrawny kind of way.  I’m sure you’ve had lots of women in your day.”
“What is it?”
“Yeah.”  His father said nervously.  “Which looks better?  This suit with this tie or these jeans with that shirts.”
“I’ve gotta take her by the shop.  She’s thinking about applying for that open auto mechanic job.”  Dean lied.
After a minute the youngest Novak found his voice as he whispered over to Dean.  “They...They’re kissing!”
“Okay...but I really don’t understand.”
“Yesh!”  Castiel answered both questions with the one word.
When Dean heard this he let out a short sarcastic laugh.  “This is my baby, Sam’s just driving it for now.”
“Like hell you are!  Give me my phone.”
Dean didn’t answer.  He merely gulped and did as his father said.
“But you don’t have to change.  Oh yeah and assbutt?  What was that?”
“Yeah.  Listen, Cas, I’m sorry.  I should have told you but I never knew how.”
Jo took a sip of her milkshake.   “Don’t say it like that.”
“I’m so excited though!  Joey i’m going to be a father not just a sperm donor!”
“You’d have to sleep on the couch.”
Ten minutes later they were in Joe's car and heading for Fritz Railroad, they made great time.  They got there in like twenty minutes, that may have been because Dean was speeding.  He really wanted to talk to Jo about something.
Dean let out a gruff laugh.  “Well now that you two have met let’s order dinner cause i’m starving!”
Castiel may not look like the strongest guy in the world but don’t let his looks deceive you, he is strong and he doesn’t like being carried.  Dean and Gabriel found that out the hard way.  The green eyed male was trying to lift Castiel’s head while Gabriel tried to lift his feet when he felt a sting in his left hand that caused him to almost drop his head in the puke.
“Dean, stop this!” Castiel yelled in anger.
His father simply shrugged.  “He can baby sit with you.”
"Incase you haven't noticed he has a huge crush on you and will do practically anything you ask him too. Plus he's still in high school."
“Ok bye, I love you Dean Winchester.”
“Nothing.  Just help me with your brother.”  Dean had thought he’d been talking about Jo.  It’s not like he liked her or anything, she’s just been running through his head lately...but that had to be because of Ben.  Well that’s what he was telling himself at least.
“Always hungry for me.”  Castiel added which made Dean blush.
Dean looked pissed about that comment.  “I take care of my baby.”
“Char you’re awesome.  This is why I love ya, bye!”
Dean looked at me with a raised eyebrow. “What are you talking about?”
“I...I don’t know if I can do that.”
Dean looked at his brother with evil eyes.  “Give me my phone!  Now!”
get me a tattoo again, especially when i'm drunk."
“Done!”  Jo piped up from the back seat.  “Hello Castiel, as much as I hate to say it I am the scapegoat, I am the home wrecker, I am the bitch, I am Joanna Beth Harvelle, although most people just call me Jo.  I’d love to meet the guy Dean’s been ballin’ over, we’re heading to the Fritz Railroad in Kansas City right now if you’d like to join us.”
"Whatever Sam." Jo smiled. "Just drink your beer then go talk to one of the
Before he had time to say anything Castiel started shouting.  “YOU TOLD ME I WAS YOUR FIRST!  AND NOW YOU’RE TELLING ME SOME GIRL HAD YOU FIRST!”
“You’re a mom?!?!”  Gabriel asked shocked.
Jo was shocked when she heard this.  “I’m sorry I didn’t get the memo saying I ruined your relationship.  I haven’t seen you in almost six years, you want to fill me in Dean?”  She was angry with his words but she covered them by using sarcasm.
“That’s not fair, i’m your boy…”  that was as far as Castiel got before he started coughing.
“Well it’s too late now because Jo is up front.”  He said slowly as if talking to a five year old.
“What?”
“More like scape bitch.”  Dean correct.  He really didn’t know why he kept calling her a bitch.
Jo was surprised to see the anger in Dean's eye. "What the hell Jo?"
The hunter laughed and rolled his eyes, “god are you or Sam ever gonna let me live that one down. It just slipped out.”
Ash started to walk away before Jo remembered she actually did have a legit question for him. "Ash! Are you hiring?"
Jo had been silent up until this point but she couldn’t hold it in any longer, she burst out laughing.
"You want more of that?"
Dean sighed.  “I know you’re right but it’s hard...plus... I was... Cas thinks... I was his…”  He was stumbling for words.
“Why do you care?”  Dean was shocked to hear Castiel’s voice, not Jo’s.  “Incase you forgot you’re dating
“You gave Cas a blow job last night, I can smell it on ya!  Brush your teeth, take a shower, do whatever to get that smell off of you, be down stair in five minutes!”
“Yeah he does.  But damn can you believe he’s a dad.”
"I promised your mother…"
“You’ve been crying, I can tell.”
“The one we’re going to go upstairs and get right now.”  Jo answered while standing up and walking to the stairs, Dean was right behind her.
“I don’t know.  It might not be so bad.  I think he’ll be too nervous about meeting Ben and you’ll be to excited to see me that neither of you will be thinking about each other like that.”
“Do you think if I reminded dad what happened that would get me out of this.”
“Ok, that came out wrong.  Maybe you understand what’s it’s like to be over protective but watching a loved one, such as a brother or sister, fall for someone you don’t like can be hard.  Hell I loathed Dean when he started dating you Cas, I didn’t think he was good enough.”
“Don’t try to take it back.”  Castiel cut him off.  “I think you said exactly what you meant to.”
"Whaaaaa? Why would I do that? It prosh…" Dean was unable to finish his sentence because he started puking. John got much of the vomit on his pants and shoes, Jo moved back just in time.
"Whatever. I'm kind of tired so I think I'm going to go to sleep. I'll leave the pictures on the table."
Jo sat by herself for about five minutes before an old "friend" came over to her.
“I know son but until you get your own place you obey my rules and curfews.  Ya understand?”
"I was your best friends for years. I know when you're lying."
“Ok well you already know the back story.  This girl, we’ll call her Joey, decided she wanted to be all grown up and took me to a high school party.  She knew I had a crush on her so she got me drunk then took advantage of me.”
“Because he’s the best boyfriend in the world and understands that he should have a relationship with you since you’re back in my life.”
Garth laughed.  “Of course I do but I can’t call my little girl a wolf.”
Jo giggled like a schoolgirl, “stop you’re making me blush.”
This is not beta read either. Might be some typos.
“I don’t care.  Tomorrow when you wake up we can go to Cas’s house, you can see Gabe and I’ll mess with Castiel.”
Within five minutes Dean was sound asleep.
"No you're not. You're stubborn, and don't always listen but you could never be a horrible person. What would make you think you such a thing?"
"Give me five minutes to get ready then we can go."
Jo came over with a huge grin on her face and placed a beer in front of everyone.  “Ash wanted me to tell you this is his special brew that God sent down from the heavens for us.”
one night stand, we didn't."
When Castiel tasted the first drop of pre-cum he pulled off of Dean making him whine in protest. "Castiel what are you doing?"
“There won’t be anytime if you die.”  Dean said gruffly.
Jo grinned evilly, "I can't promise you that. I'll have to tell at least Dean."
“I won’t be that far away and we still have all summer.”
“Something up your ass?”
“It’s ok.”  Dean smirked and took one hand off the steering wheel to pull Castiel closer to him.  He gently planted a kiss on his forehead.  “Castiel Jimmy Novak I love you and I’ll scream it from the tallest mountain if you want me to.”
“What difference does that make?”
“Are you sure about that?  Because don’t think for one second I’m above driving all night to tell him, I don’t care if you’re there.”  Dean said seriously.
“Dinner and movie.”
I guess Dean is my Sharkboy because I don’t have a shot.
Jo glared at the back of Dean’s head.  “Listen I understand you’re upset but if you call me a bitch one more god damn time I will make your summer a living hell.”
“Shhh.”  Dean whispered to Cas.  “Look.”
Dean had no choice but to hold onto Castiel tight as he pulled out of the driveway, going much more than 70 mph.
"Ay, who's the tall guy standing by the door looking at you?" Ash said sounding somewhat concern.
Jo looked at the bookbag she had thrown in the corner and frowned. She then looked at her closet and smiled, her closet had
Castiel merely laughed.  “I should apologize too.  I was acting like quite an assbutt the last time I saw you.  I should not have said the things I did, it’s just not everyday you find out your boyfriend had a best friend whom he slept with then never talked about.”
As soon as they walked in they were met by a very familiar young man.
The shorter male cut him off.  “I don’t know if I can do this anymore.”
Castiel sat up to drink the water but winced at the pounding in his head.  Dean was ready with an ice pact, he put it on the youngest Novaks head.
“Arg.” He paused the movie again and over dramatically rolled his neck over to look at me. “You know I’m trying to finish this movie before Sam gets back. Do you think we can do that?”
“So...ummmm baby brother I think you know this ray of Sunshine.  We were deciding to take things slow and eating pancakes when Sunshine spilled a little syrup on her lip.  I had to get it off and that’s what you walked in on.”
Sam looked at him puzzled. "Because you said you can't tell with Jo, so using my Sherlock skills I deduce it is about Jo."
“This I gotta see.”  Castiel said getting out of bed slowly.  With each step he winced.  “The pounding is so intense in my head!  It’s like drumming that won’t stop!”
Jo was fazed by his words.  “I’m...back in your life?  I’ve wanted you to say that since Ben was born.”  Jo quickly realized what she said and wanted to crawl under the table from embarrassment.
"He can always get it removed."
“I’m telling Ben, now!” Dean practically growled while pulling Jo to his car.
Jo pouted too, she liked drunk Cas.  “Yeah Dean, The Holy Beer!  Let the man drink!”
“I uh...I haven’t tried it yet.”  Castiel look at Dean with pleading eyes.
Jo looked at him with sad eyes. "He asks about his father a lot. He wants to know why I'm so young and why all the other kids in his class have dads."
“Why are you so sure you’d have a happily ever after.”
“Sure, I’d love one.  Thanks.”
“And he kinds of has a thing for Sam and you kind of have a boyfriend.”  Castiel smirked.  “Sorry, not sorry.”
“Good you’re finally up!  I made chocolate chip pancakes.”
“NO!  Please!  Castiel Jimmy Novak I love you!  Don’t do this!”  As much as he had been trying to hide it the tears were streaming down his face.
“I wanted you to hold me tight.”  Cas said with a flirty smile.
"Yup."
“But Dean.”  The blonde whined.  “Hungry.  Pancakes.  Food.”
Even though Cas had on his helmet you could just tell he was smirking underneath it.  “Like hell you will, you love me too much.”
“I’d rather him ask me than for you to tell him and then run away!”
Jo laughed.  “Ok.”
“I may have been drunk for most of last night but I remember the story you told her.  How openly you talked to her about your past.  You don’t do that with anyone, not me, not even Sam.  So why do it with her?  Especially when she’s just missing her boyfriend?”
Jo looked at him with a challenging look “you and Castiel are back together, right?”  She didn’t wait for him to answer.  “I know you are, I was with Sam and heard.  If you tell Cas about Ben then I’ll allow you to tell him.”
“No, just listen Cas...I…” that was as far as he got before Castiel turned the tables and pushed him against the wall.
Jo gasped.  “You have brothers!  Can I meet them?”
“Stop looking at me like I just had sex!”  Jo said annoyed.  She glared at Dean.  “We.  Didn’t.  Do.  Anything.  We kissed...a lot, but that’s besides the point.”
Jo was trying not to glare at Castiel. She hated when people called her by her full name. She wanted to say something but she knew Dean would hate her if she actually did ruin his relationship, so she just ignored it. "So Castiel, I'm sure you have some questions. Go ahead and ask away."
"Only because Jo and Dean dared me."
That didn’t stop him from talking, if anything it only added fuel.  “Use a condom this time.  You don’t need another kid.”
Dean pushed Castiel down and was thankful he had brought the table cloth. When they were both in comfortable positions Dean slowly pushed one finger inside of him. Since they had made love many times before he knew the exact ways to make Cas tick. He brushed his finger against his prostate which made Castiel shiver in ecstasy.
to come check on her, poor Castiel sitting on her bed looking so confused and out of his comfort zone.  She hadn’t meant to get so angry, but who was Dean to give her the third degree?  And who was Gabriel to defend him?  They weren’t dating or anything but...he’d seemed so perfect.  She should have known it was too good to be true, as much as she hated to say it Gabriel seemed to be doing “bros before hos.”  For lack of a better word, Jo was in no means a ho.  But whatever, if they wanted to try and rule her life she’d show them.
“Good morning Sunshine, you look stunning in that dress.”  Gabriel was leading Jo inside when he remembered she wasn’t alone.  “Hi boy toy, Castiel’s still asleep in his room.”
"I call bull shit. First you start complaining about Jo then you pick me up. What the hell is going on with you and Jo."
“Doesn’t matter, I’ll take it.”
The whole ride over there Dean kept looking over at Jo, it was a good thing he wasn’t driving, they probably would have gotten into an accident.
When Dean woke up it was 3:37.  “Oh shit!  God damn it!  Castiel wake up!”
Dean took a very shaky breath. "I love him."
The green eyed hunter laughed at this as he continued to play with his jaw even though he knew it was fixed now. “Yeah, maybe Cas, but I meant what I said. I love you.”
Jo winced at the nickname. Dean hadn't called her that in forever. "Yeah, it would have saved you a lot of heart break."
“What!”  Castiel cried angrily.  “Nobody’s suppose to ride my bike except for me...or Dean.”  His hungover had obviously ended.
He managed to get his feet of his brothers grasped and kick him in the stomach, hard.  Dean only took his focus off of Cas for a second but that was all the dark hair guy needed.  Since Castiel was still lying down in the back of the Impala he was right about head level with his boyfriend's groin.  Dean found this out the painful when he was headbutted there, he crumpled to the ground in the same manner Gabriel had.  By this time the vomit had been spread all over the back seat and it got spread around the rest of the car when Castiel moved into the front seat to lock out the two other boys.
"Oh nothing." Jo said innocently. "Hey Dean, would you like to stop by a liquor store then go get matching tattoos?"
I quieted down and started counting the freckles on his face because I did not need, nor want, to watch a movie about sharks or lava. I’d wanted to spend time with the green eyed beauty.
While the cop was walking towards his police car Dean took out his phone.
“You two idjits have been looking at each other all night but you haven’t said a word to each other.  So I’ll ask again, what the hell is going on between you two?”
“Sammy please, I can’t deal with it if you’re mad at me too.  Yes, I kept this from you, but look it from my point of view.”
“Sure.”
“Well i’m going to be honest with you, a lot of the workers were here when you had that little episode.  We were betting on whether or not you were going to cause another sense, which you just did.  So I won the bet and just made two hundred bucks, so i’ll pay for your milkshakes.”
The blue eye angel heard the words that he’d longed to hear for so long just as his fist connected with the hunters face.
The blue eye angle tilted his head in confusion and squinted at him. “What?”
“Here.”  Dean handed him an aspirin and water, he’d got everything he thought his boyfriend might need before he woke up.  He had aspirin, water, an ice pack, pancakes, and tomato juice (he wasn’t sure but he found on google that it was suppose to help with a hangovers).
Before he got a chance to answer Jo spoke, but Dean could tell from the look in his boyfriends eyes he understood.
"What is it?"
“And the Impala isn’t?”
“I can handle Jo, I have a plan for that too.  But before I can tell you that I need to know you’re in.”
John sighed.  “She needed a break.  Wanted to come back up see her mom.”
Dean had a hopeful gleam in his eye.  “I’ve thought about all that.  I’ve been saving up my pay checks each week so I can afford the tickets and a motel.  And i’ve been training this kid, Kevin, I trust him enough to watch the shop.  Jo I’ve thought about this like Sam thinks about school, it can work.  All you have to do is say yes.”
They both laughed and sat in comfortable silence until they reached the house.  Dean was glad they had avoided a fight, even if it did only delay the storm that he thought was coming.  Although he didn’t want to admit it he was happy when Castiel finally fell asleep on the couch, it gave him time to cook and think.  He didn’t get to cook very often but when he did it always seemed to calm him down.  He went into such a trance that it seemed in no time he heard the roar of his baby, it warmed his heart.
"If I do can we never speak of this again?"
“Look!  Castiel is here!”  She said as soon as she saw the dark haired boy.  “And right on time like you said.”  She was grateful they wouldn’t have to talk about what she had just said.
She looked at Sam with curiosity on her face.  “I take it Cas is his ex.”
"BOBBY'S BACK!" Jo asked unable to hide her excitement.
Jo smiled when she say Dean was already there.  “Hey Dean-o.  You look great, planning to get some tonight?”
“Ben.  You were upset about him last night.”
of money. Although she knew Ash would give her free drinks she also knew he wouldn't give her enough to make her dizzy, and tonight she wanted to be dizzy. She didn't want to be Dean sick but she wanted to be tipsy.
"I hate cherries." Dean said.
People were starting to stare again. Jo didn't really care until Garth asked them to pay and leave. She could have put up a fight but she decided not to, she simply paid and lead Dean to his car. He didn't put up much of a fight when Jo got into the driver's seat.
hasn’t kissed
“Exactly and I’d like to keep it that way.”
"I said I had to go to the bathroom and ended up climbing out the window!" Jo laughed with tear stained cheeks.
"Can you blame her?"
"Yeah." Sam thought it would a good idea to stop with his questions. "We'll be there in about five minutes."
"Chill out. He needs to destress from school. I can help him with that." Jo said while backing up towards the door.
About 15 minutes after they arrived on the planet I asked Dean “How do stories like these start? It’s been said countless times, and believe me I’ve tried to count how many times it’s been said, that every story has a beginning, middle, and end. But why? Who decided that. It wasn’t God I know that much…”
"What?" Jo looked surprised. "Why would you think that?"
“Why?  Can’t we do it on our way back.”
“You don’t necessarily know that.  I mean you could get lucky, maybe he won’t mind.”
Dean’s eyes widened as realization took over. “Listen...Cas…” he said stumbling over his thoughts.” His angel was mad at him, he was blasphemy. The evangelical Chrisitans had been right? Castiel was endangered because in his deepest moments of shame, when he thought he was alone, his hand had touched his evil, and he’d thought of blue eyes, dark brown messy hair, and that deep gravelly voice as he came.
“What if you two kiss?!?!  I get to be maid of honor at your wedding, I called it!”
“Jo gave me an alternative, I can meet Ben but I have to tell Cas.”
“But,” Dean continues, “that doesn’t mean a person can’t dream. Benny’s gone but it doesn’t mean I still don’t imagine.”
Jo rolled her eyes she knew Castiel was trying to help but she needed to talk to Charlie about this, guys just don’t understand some girls.  “Do you want to go downstairs.”
“You were right this morning.  You’re more trouble than you’re worth.”  It appeared to Jo that Dean was going to leave but she was surprised when he stormed over, closer to her.  “And you know what, you’re a damn hypocrite!”
“Don’t get mad at him.”  Everybody stared stunned at the older Novak who they hadn’t realized was there.  “He’s right, and please don’t misunderstand me but you and Jo can’t understand that over protective feeling.”
“Joey!  You’re pancakes will get cold.”
"Yeah, well what can I say. Um, listen Anna, it's been great seeing you again but i've got to go."
“What made you finally give in?  Was it the way he kept asking?  Or how nice he’d been.”  Charlie questioned like a kid that had had too much sugar.  “Or his dreamy green eyes?”
“Hello Dean, Joan...Jo.  Nice to see you again.”
Dean was already out his fathers room when he heard him yell “be safe, use protection, and be home by mid-night!”
Jo was surprised to hear him give in so easily.  “Ok that’s fine.”
He took his eyes off the road for a minute to look at the blond. "Jo we need to talk."
Jo shrugged, “couldn’t tell you.  How long until we get to Fritz Railroad?”
"Sammy was a chubby 12 year old, but you're not that kid anymore. You're Sam. Smart, tall Sam, that's the life of the party."
“Yeah…”
“I don’t know.” He said honestly. “I just thought that was the right answer to get you to be quiet so we could get back to the movie. But now I’m thinking I should’ve said no.”
“Who’s everyone?”
"Dean I'm going to cum!"
“Naw Cas doesn’t drink…”  Dean started to say before he was cut off.
“Oh my god!  I can’t go in this!  I look like I just woke up!”
“Of course she would.  Now I’m not saying that’s right but i’d understand the mother reason.”
Jo threw her hair up in a messy bun, kept the skinny jeans she had on from last night, and put on a red hoodie over tank top. She then went into the bathroom and actually
Dean stood up and put his phone in his pocket. He was halfway to the door when he heard Sam walking up behind him. "Dude what the hell?" Sam asked annoyed.
“I mean I have one other plan but it’s kind of illegal...only if we get caught and I don’t think we will.”
Jo went over to the drivers side and started pulling at Sam's arm. "Come on Sam. I didn't just want a ride, I wanted you to come hang out with me!"
“You say that now but as soon as that boy starts annoying you you’ll be runnin’ like the scared little boy you are.”
“Yes please, I’m never drinking again.”
John looked at the blond. "Did you do anything else?"
"I know. When I left I had to take all your shit with me. I walked three blocks with your heavy ass sleeping bag."
“Great.”  Dean said.  “I’m just going to bring him some pancakes and wait for him to wake up.”
Jo used her willpower not to roll her eyes. Every time she saw her mother she only wanted to talk about Ben. "Oh he's great. Cute as button."
"Damn it!" Castiel said giving in. "Shut up and kiss me."
Jo looked at the males blue eyes, they looked so innocent, she wondered if her eyes ever looked that innocent.  “Yeah, well life is full of up’s and downs.”
“Oh…”  Jo took her eyes off the road and looked at her friend.  “I thought it didn’t mean anything to you.  I was just being Jo, trying anything to run away from my problems.”
“You’ve had some pretty bad plans but that is the worst hands downs.”  Sam said while giving Dean another bitch face.  “William didn’t like you before you slept with Jo, he certainly won’t like you now that you’ve knocked up his daughter.”
“Maybe but what if it’s not like that?  What if all of his nerves makes him do something stupid?”
“I had a plan on how to get here, not how to meet Ben.  Sammy if you want to be a lawyer you have to listen for the details, look for the loopholes.”  Sam just started at Dean with a mix of shock and bitchiness.  “So let’s find a motel.”  Dean added with a smug grin on his face.
“Let go of me!”  Castiel was having a fit.  “I don’t want to go.”
Dean choose that moment to speak up. "It's to keep out demons like Cashiel!"
Dean took the bottle from her hands and took a long, loooooooong, sip before handing it back to Jo.
Jo rolled her eyes. "Then come inside."
“I have school.”  Sam said.
“I understand sir.”
“I...hate….drunk Cas.” Dean said still lying on the ground.
Castiel pulled Dean's shirt off revealing his chiseled torso, he trailed his fingers across the lines of his abs and then trailed down to take off Dean's pants. Dean wrapped his arms around Castiel and kissed his neck making small lovebites on Cas's smooth neck. Raw moans escaped Cas's mouth and he threw his head back in ecstasy. Dean held onto Cas's hips and pulled him closer looking at him with lustful eyes. They both removed the remaining of their clothes, Castiel pushed Dean against the wall and slid his way down to his pulsing erection.
Jo was the shocked one now.  “Wait...you still think i’m hot?  You still like me?”
"That's awesome. You had so much guts leaving so suddenly. I could never do it."
Sam saw her disappointment but decided not to take it to heart.  Jo and Dean had always been closer.  “In the car, he’s not having the greatest day.”
“Well I don’t need to tell him.”
Jo knew Sam wasn't trying to be mean but it was annoying her. "Look Sam, there are some things you don't know, and some things you wouldn't understand."
“It’s fine.  So how are you going to handle the whole Jo thing?”
Dean was an emotionless mask. "I know, just lie. Say you stole something, just please don't tell them you left because of the kid. How is Ben anyway?"
“What the hell is that suppose to me?”
“I...I don’t know.  I’m sorry I snapped at you, it must be the headache or something.”
Dean saw this and felt his blood boiling, it took every ounce of power he had not to push the older Novak against the wall.  He suddenly understood why Gabriel had been so angry with him when he and Cas had broken up.  “Listen,” he growled in a low tone so Jo couldn’t hear, “if you hurt her, or doing anything she doesn’t want it will be the end of you.”
"Good morning mom." Jo said making her presence known.
Garth looked over to Sam. "And you sir?"
"I was getting in too much trouble." Jo lied like she always did when someone asked her that question. She sighed of relief when she saw Sam and Dean finally coming out of the bathroom. She also smiled when she saw that they had went up to the counter and got their food.
“Now stop pouting and go downstairs, we can talk later.”
"Yesterday." Dean answered before trying to lock lips with Cas again, but Castiel moved back away from him.
“WAIT!  HE?!?!  YOU’RE GAY?!?!”
Dean finally gave up on trying to be settle and just told her the truth.  “Joey, i’ve been texting Gabe and he’s not decent.  I don’t know about you but i’d rather not see him naked,  might ruin my appetite.  So can we just stop by the store now so the guy has time to change.”
“Aren’t you playful.”  Dean joked back.  He was really just hoping she wouldn’t say this stuff when Castiel got there.  “You don’t look too bad yourself.”  He added as an after thought.
Jo looked a little upset but didn’t object.  Castiel just huffed and tried to get the rest of the Holy Beer.  It took Dean longer than he’d wanted to get Cas in the car and Jo wasn’t any easier.  She kept pouting saying she could drive herself home, and she would have had Ash and Dean not took her keys.
“Then…” doubt and confusion was written all over the angels face. “Why did you go to Jo and not me.”
Castiel nodded politely. "Yes well, I only have two questions. Well Joanna Beth I was wondering if after you and Dean...you know…" He lowered his voice on this last part and Jo cut him off.
"Yes we." John said. "You, your mother, me, the boys, and Bobby."
Jo smiled fakely at Castiel. "Sorry." She said putting her phone away. "Just wanted to tell my dad I made it in."
“They making out.  They’re like french kissing!”  Dean said a little too loudly.
Jo went to take a pancake from the plate but Dean moved it away from him.  “Well we’re going over to Cas’s house and we can eat there.”
"Dean, it was nothing…"
Jo turned red as a tomato as she turned around.  She was almost never at a lost for words but now she had no clue what to say, luckily Gabriel always had a voice.
"Right...um... anyway when I found out you were pregnant I couldn't deal with it. I changed, a lot, especially after you left. Then whenever you would come to visit I would try to stay away from you, hell I was planning on doing that this summer."
Dean rolled his eyes. "Ok Garth, she'll have six chicken fingers with ranch, blue cheese, and honey mustard. Onion rings instead of fries and a vanilla bean milkshake with no whip cream and two cherries."
"Well you really pull it off." She couldn't help but wonder what Dean would think of her hair. Truthfully Anna was the nicest person you'd ever meet, no mean bone in her. The only reason Jo had ill feelings towards her was Dean had a huge crush on her for most of sixth and seventh grade year. He finally got the balls to ask her to a school dance, they'd had a great time and since then Jo couldn't stand Anna.
“In your dreams Harvelle!”  Dean was laughing too now.
“What else can I do?”
Dean and Jo got in the car and started listening to 97.5 Classic Rock music. Halfway to the diner a commercial came on so Dean turned down the radio.
“God what happen last night?”
“I’ve got an interview.”  Sam said shrugging as if it wasn’t a big deal.  “With a rep from Stanford.”
Gabriel laughed.  “Go on, get out of here before Michael wakes up.  Bye boy toy.”  He winked at Dean.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Joey.”  Dean whined.  “I’m tired, I don’t want to drive home.  Can I just spend the night?”
Hi guys, before you read this chapter you should know this chapter contains a little smut, it's the only chapter that does.
“Good because what would I do without you?”
"Great." Jo turned on the radio to avoid anymore talking.
It took Jo two seconds to spot the youngest Winchester holding up the sign.
“Fine.”  Gabriel said not paying Dean any attention as he was checking out Jo’s ass in that dress.
"What?" She said meekly. "It got his mind off things."
So Sam did just that. Jo got home at 12:45 on the dot.
“Sorry.”  Jo said trolling her hair while flirting.  She didn’t care if this guy had a thing for Sam and Dean he was hotter up close.  “I was just saying how cute you were.”
"Dean? You were saying?" Jo didn't like Castiel and wasn't in the mood to hear about how perfect he was.
“Oh.  How long?”
“I’ll...I’ll be there.”  Castiel said somewhat hesitantly.
Jo didn't feel like walking all the way to the bathroom and actually washing her face so she just wiped it with tissues she had lying on her night stand. She also didn't feel like changing so she turned off the light and slept in Sam's jacket.
“Truthfully Cas I never really thought about it that hard. I mean you’re playing a what if game. I will never have a shot with Sharkboy, he’s a fictional character.”
Thank you so much for reading, and sorry for the extra late update, I just got super busy.  Thanks again for reading and feel free to leave a comment, I love hearing from you guys, it makes my day!
“I want to be there before Castiel wakes up.”
Ash who was probably smarter than everyone there, including Sam, immediately got what she was doing. "Yeah, almost every chick here is checking him out."
The whole ride to Castiel’s house his phone was buzzing like crazy.  He wanted to answer but was too scared.  He arrived at his front door in fifteen minutes and when he knocked he saw a rare sight.
“You better be.”  Dean said heading for Castiel’s room.
“How the hell do you get puke out of a car?  These are leather seats!”
Dean was pissed.  “Dad this is my last summer with Cas!  He’s leaving for college in August.  You’re making me lose all this time with him!”
Sam had a slightly confused look on his face but followed the older girl even though the car was the other way.  It took them almost twenty minutes to find the car and when they did Dean was leaning on the passenger side door in what looked to be a heated argument.
Jo shrugged as she headed out of the room.  “Stole them from my dad.”  She waited for Dean at the top of the stairs before adding “you know we’re going to have to talk about his morning, right?”
For the first time since she’d walked in Dean took a real hard look at her.  Sure he’d looked at her before but that was only to take in her wrinkled cloth, messy hair, and swollen lips.  Now that he actually looked at her he noticed she didn’t have on that stunning blue dress.  Instead she had on an AC/DC t-shirt, oversized pants, and a trench coat.  He recognized the shirt because he’d left it Cas’s a while back and the trench coat because it was one of Castiel’s favorite article of clothing.  The pants where a whole another story, so that’s where he decided to start.  In the heat of the moment nobody had noticed Gabriel walked in.
“Yup, everyone bet like ten bucks that there was no way you’d cause another sense.  I always go with the long shot just because and this time it paid off.”  He smirked.
“Monday.  Cas, baby, I love you but if my dad hears me on the phone he’ll take it so I gotta go.  I’ll text you later.”
“I just thought I’d pop in to say hi.” I looked around the road trying to figure out where we were.
Until he saw Jo.
Dean looked at him slightly annoyed.  “Come on Cas?  Why’d you ride the bike?”
"Jo, honey, what's wrong?" Her mother asked with very real concern.
“Hey bitch, it’s about time.”  Dean joked.
A few people started to turn around.  “Dean we’re causing another sense.”
“And Jo’s been locked up in her room since she got breakfast with you.  Now that I think about it that was an awfully fast breakfast.”  Ellen said raising an eyebrow.
Sam cut him off before he could go any further.  “I don’t like that look on your face.  That’s you’re I have a plan face.  The last time you had that face you got me to ask Amelia Pond out.”
“Except for me.”  Sam said making a u-turn so he could head in the other direction.
"Fine then, let's get breakfast." Jo said. "You're not hung over?"
"Anti-possession tattoo." Dean was barely paying attention to what he was saying, he only had two things on his mind, lust and love.
“He should be here in a minute.  But Dean…”
“YOU BETTER HAVE A GOOD ASS REASON BECAUSE I SWEAR TO GOD MY BROTHERS WILL MURDER YOU IF YOU DON’T.”
“God yes!  First there are his physical feature, I could just rake my hands through his hair.  AND HIS EYES!  They’re  green!”
“Really?”  Jo said rolling her eyes.  “You can relate to missing your kid?”
“HELLO?” Dean practically yelled in the phone.
“Ok well we don’t want you to be late mom.  Bye see you later.”  Jo practically pushed her mom out the door.
"That's a great story Dean but what's the point?"
“That’s what they all say.”
“What?”   Castiel yelled.
"I don't know I guess because you were always more Dean's friend. I was just geeky little Sammy that tagged along."
Castiel nodded. "Yes, well, after that did you feel like a one night stand?"
"Wait!" Dean said as he started to leave. "We have one more order."
“Little Red.”  Garth saw the confused look on the Winchester’s face and smirked before he explained.  “Her name is Annie but I call her Little Red because she has these bright blue eyes, like a wolf.”
They headed downstairs where everyone at the dinner table seemed surprised to see they actually had a gift.
“Don’t Cas me.” The icy tones in his voice only made the hunter’s heart ache. “Dean. I’ve rebelled for you because I believed in you, I still do. So I just thought…” his voice got quiet and for the first time since they’d began to argue he didn’t sound angry just hurt, maybe even a little devastated Dean thought.
Sam looked at Dean with an annoyed glare.  “The leader drummer for AC/DC?  You really don’t think he’ll find that a little odd?”
Castiel released Dean and started to huff away in anger and sadness. Never one to back down from a fight though Dean grabbed onto his wrist just before he was out of range and pulled him back around.
"I can feel myself becoming reckless, I can feel myself wanting that part of mylife back. Cas liked to play tough guy with his motorcycle but that was all it was, an act. I liked him because he kept me grounded and now that you're back and he's gone I can feel myself becoming
"Yeah of course." Sam said unlocking the door.
“What’s up with you lately, you’ve been so touchy.”
"And that's a bad thing?" Jo asked leaning closer, Dean was so deep in thought he didn't even notice.
“I am young.”  Garth laughed.  “But last year I got her pregnant so I married her.  Two greatest days of my life, marrying her and becoming a dad.”
"You permanently scarred his body!"
“You do realize Little Red Riding Hood wasn’t the wolf right?”
“That thing is a death trap.”
“Sorry.”  Dean said breaking up the love feast between the two.  “I would love to hand Jo off to you but we have business to talk about.”
“What does this have to do with me?  Do I have to pick her up of something.”
Castiel drove fast, much faster than 70 mph.  It should have taken about a half an hour to get home in the dark but Cas had them there in 15 minutes flat.
“I’m trying to get home.  My brother and I need to get someone from the airport.  He’s at the house, I was going to let him drive when I got there.”
“So you lied to your boyfriend but somehow it’s my fault.  I get it i’m the scapegoat.”
Dean knew where this was heading.  “Castiel please!  I love you too!  Don’t do this.”  He was looking at him with pleading eyes.
"Joey! I'm not lying about everything, my life would be boring without you." Dean sighed. "Truthfully one of the reasons I fell for Castiel was he was so different from you, well at first. He was constant, always proper, blue eyes, firm hands, and that hair...god I miss him."
“Everything’s fine...I guess.  I just got grounded for showing up late.”
Before Sam could answer Dean was running across the hall into his younger brothers room.  “Don’t you dare tell him!”
Ellen looked at John with hate in her eyes.  Sam stared dumbfounded (he hadn’t known about the kid and couldn’t believe he was an uncle).  Bobby’s jaw was almost to the ground.  Jo looked down, she seemed to be both embarrassed and ashamed that more people knew her secret.  Dean looked at everybody before he decided to stand up to his father for once in his life.  Although it didn’t happen as often as it use to he was tired of taking shit like this from his father.
"He was leaving for college! We were gonna have cra-y sesh until he left. All shummer but now he's gone." Dean slurred again before drinking the rest of the bottle.
Jo turned around just in time to see Dean finish all his food and move on to eating Castiel's food. She could have told him eating all that wasn't healthy but she let him eat. She ate her food, plus she ate her cherry, and Dean's cherry. They sat in silence and ate until all that was left was Sam's salad, which neither of them wanted.
“What?  Why?  That was over a month ago.”
Castiel was full out crying now and running towards his bike. Sam wanted to stay with his brother but he also didn't want Cas driving back in this state so he followed Castiel out. The few people that were in the restaurant were turning around to look at all the commotion. Jo glared at those people and waved her arms to tell them to turn around.
“Damn it Castiel!  I heard you the first fifty times!  We’ll be at her house in ten damn minutes then you can sleep and stop annoying me!”  The green eyed man hadn’t meant to get so angry with the love of his life but seeing Jo in that dress, then seeing that kiss had just put him in a bad mood.
“Because as far as I’m concerned you were!  We were drunk!  I barely remember it happened!”
“I know!”  Jo said looking around for the other Winchester brother.  “Where’s Dean?”  She looked a little disappointed that he wasn’t in there.
“Hey!” He interrupted in a surprisingly defensive manner. “I never had a crush on Lautner. Yes, they’re played by the same person but Sharky is his own person in my book, and he’s the one I liked.”
Castiel tilted his head in confusion again. “I could never hate you. I’m your huggy bear.”
“Oh.”  Jo looked down too embarrassed to look Dean in the eyes.
He was picking up his second beer and looking directly at Dean as he looked at Jo again.  Since he was being shipped out in a few days he wanted to know what was going on between them so he asked the question on everybody’s mind.  “What the hell is going on between you two?”
“What?  Jo how could you think…”
"I can't get in trouble, right? You won't tell my mom?" Jo asked biting her lip.
"What else would we do?" Jo said as if it was obvious. She then looked at the waiter again. "He'll have a bacon cheese burger, with double steak fries, a chocolate milkshake with extra whip cream and two cherries."
"He wanted specifics on why."
“I don’t understand aren’t you twenty like me?”  Castiel asked while tilting his head to the side.
"I love you Dean Winchester."
"Nothing." He replied gruffly.
“You had sex, I get it but from what it sounds like you and Jo were best friends.  Why have you never talked about her?”
“He’s a dead man.”  He cut her off.
The smile that split across his face looked almost painful. “Then spend your last night on Earth with me? Hell, it doesn’t even have to be sex, just...stay with me."
“Dean.”  Jo sighed.  “That sounds great but there is so much planning to go into this, I mean Ben’s at camp, my dad works, we’ll have to get a hotel and the price of airline tickets, and what about the auto shop?  Who’s going to watch that?”
Dean narrowed his eyes at the blond, he was trying not to smirk. "I order for you, you order for me?"
She said this next part very fastly. "We got matching tattoos."
“You really think that’ll work...they’re aren’t dumb.  And neither is Jo, if we go missing for three or four days she’ll know exactly where we went and what we’re doing.”
“But who the hell keeps the fact that they have a son away from their brother!?”
"Hear what?" Jo and Dean asked at the same time.
“Hi sexy, just woke up?”
"Arrrrrg! Sam!" She said rolling her eyes. "Fine we'll take one menu but we know what we want."
.  Not Jo.”  That may have been a lie, but if he loved her it was a different love, or at least he thought it was.  Dean Winchester was confused with his feeling.  “Honestly I was a little buzzed last night, that Holy Beer isn’t something to mess around with.  If I was overly sharing stuff that’s why.”  Another lie, he just hoped Castiel wouldn’t be able to tell.
“No hunter gets a perfect storybook ending, so no.”
So Sam went into the airport by himself holding the crappy sign he made that read “Jo Harvelle”
“So you’ll miss tomorrow and Monday, I’m sure they’ll understand if you tell them you were meeting your long lost nephew.”
"Oh...I didn't think you wanted me to stay."
Sam chose his words very carefully because he was pretty sure Dean never told her he was gay.  “He just got dumped, they’d been dating for almost five years.
Dean stretched and yawned for almost a whole minute before answering his brother.  “Chill out.  We can sleep in the Impala or get a motel for the night.  We’ll figure out how to meet Ben tomorrow.”
“Whose pants are those?” The Winchester questioned.
“I know dad but you’ll do fine.”
“Then sleep when we get there.”  Dean said as he dragged Cas to the door.  “Oh hey, Joey, if I leave my keys here can you stop by Roadhouse and get my car.”
Dean: I got pulled over...this might take another ten minutes.  I should be there within twenty minutes.
Dean gritted his teeth trying to stay calm.  “I asked if you wanted to sit up front and you said no.”
Dean sighed and looked up at his fathers room before closing the door and following Cas to his bike.  He very reluctantly put the helmet on and sat on the back of the motorcycle.  “I swear to god Cas if you go faster than 70 mph I will kill you.”
the leftover makeup off her face. Ten minutes later she bounced downstairs to see Dean talking to her mother, she only caught the tail end of the conversation.
“Jerk!”
“Great.”  Dean said over dramatically while trying to hide his smirk.  “The two people who love teasing me the most, well besides Sam, together.  This can’t end well for me.”
"You always do this shit! You start to feel uncomfortable or insecure so you kiss your way out of it, or you go further!"
The rest of May passed without much incident.  Gabriel forgave Dean for the trouble he had caused his little brother, he even started calling him Boy Toy again.  Their father apologized to everyone, although he didn’t mend things with Ellen (they broke up).  Bobby helped Dean find a replacement for Bela before he went back to the army.  Jo went back to Roadhouse and got a summer job there.  Sam finished off his junior year and the phone interview with Stanford went great (they wanted to give him a full ride).  Dean and Sam didn’t talk about their failed attempt to meet the kid, although Dean was still working up a plan.  And Dean managed to keep Castiel and Jo apart, well until the second week of June when Cas decided it was time to meet Jo (for the second time).  So Dean made plans for them all to meet at the Roadhouse, he was the first to arrive and was nervous as hell.
“Thanks!”
Dean sighed.  “Jo I love ya like a sister but I swear some of the shit you say...it’s not going to fly with Cas.  Please be on your best behavior.”
Dean’s whole world stopped as processed what the angel was saying. He didn’t hate him for jacking off to him, no, in fact, he was mad because he’d tried to sleep with Jo instead of him. Before he really knew what he was doing Dean had walked over to his angel with determination and once again pushed his angel up against the wall.
"Not for me." Cas said honestly. "You two were best friends but you never told me about here once! I don't want to end up the same. I...I have to end this before the same happens to me."
“That’s tempting.”  Dean winked.  “But right now let’s focus on getting you back to health for our dinner tonight.”
Dean went back into his room and sat on his bed.
Before she turned out of Fritz Railroad she grabbed her backpack from the back seat. She pulled out the bottle of whiskey she had in there and handed it to Dean. "Here drink this, it'll make you feel better."
Damn it was all she could think. Taking care of Ben had made her forget how to sneak out. She decided lying would be the best option. "Got restless. Gonna take a walk."
Her lips were slightly puffy and had a lot of color to them, it was clear she and Gabriel had been kissing.  That alone was enough to make Dean steam from his ears but her hair was all over the place and her clothe were a whole another story.  They were winked like when he and Cas did it.
“But you hate sharing.”
“I don’t know Dean.”  His father was putting the suit back in his closet.  “I’m just...I’m nervous.  It’s been so long.”
"Waiting till you get inside."
She gave Dean somewhat of a joking glare, “I’m asking Castiel, not you.”  She then cast softer eyes at the dark haired male.  “So Castiel, what do you think of the beer.”
“‘I’m sorry you don’t get to see Ben more.’  Bull shit!  Here I am making an effort to be a part of his life but you don’t want that now?”
“Aspirin.”  He croaked.
It didn’t take long before all their cloth were scattered on the floor.  Dean was on top of Castiel for a while but soon Cas got tired of bottom and he was able to maneuver to top.
"NO DAMN IT! You didn't do ANYTHING! Castiel came in here with his mind already made up."
Sam looked at his older brother with disgust.  “No!  Dads basically dating her mom!  He’s not going to want to hear about how you banged his girlfriends daughter!”
"Only for a week, then he's being shipped out again."
"Did you do anything
Dean laughed as he walked into the kitchen.  He grabbed two beers from fridge before he realized someone was staring at the back of his head.  He slowly turned around to see Jo in a stunning light blue dress.  Her hair was completely straight and laying neatly on her shoulders, and Dean couldn’t help but notice how beautiful she was.  He wanted to talk about the kiss with her but he did what he always did, he pushed his emotions down and ran from them like a scared little boy.
"Really?" The blond perked up. "I thought after all this time you would have changed it up a little."
"You and I both know that's a lie. Now I suggest you back upstairs, change into some pj's and go to sleep."
(See the end of the chapter for
"No I get it." Jo cut her off again. "You're dating John. It would be weird for you to see your
“Castiel, please, I...I didn’t think it would matter so much.”  Dean was trying to hold back tears.
“So it was like a drunken one night stand.”
Sam rolled his eyes while giving Dean yet another bitchface. "You can't call Cas, it would only cause more trouble. If you wanna talk to Jo then i'm all you got." Dean was ignoring Sam because he was too busy on his phone, texting Cas.
Dean turned around with a smile on his face. "Hey Cas." He said walking closer to him.
“Ten minutes.”
“Sorry.”  She sat down on the bed next to him.  “It’s just I really like your brother but I love Dean, like a brother of course, and I just...I don’t know…”  The blonde got quiet and stopped talking.
“Yup.”
"Shut up Dean." She saId groggily while walking to the door.
Dean's mind flashed to his son, Ben. Then if flashed to Jo's kiss, the one he wasn't suppose to like but kind of did. "No, not that I can think of." He lied knowing Cas didn't have a built in lie detector like Jo did.
Dean looked down at his watch and nodded. "She's right. Bye Ellen, see you tonight."
“Ben.”  Jo coughed which made Gabriel backtrack.
"Ok Dean, what's up?" Sam asked giving him a bitch face.
“That’s awesome Sam!  Why didn’t you say anything before.”
Dean waved him off.  “I was fourteen and my mom had just died.  It was a bad time, anyway because of that the home they put Sam in wouldn’t allow me in so I had to go to a different home about an hour away from him.  I know that’s different from you and Ben but I can understand you being moody for missing him, I was only away from Sam for like a week but man did I miss him like hell.”
“Right, right but will you be back to the bunker tonight?”
"Well listen to me Joey because if you really believe my life would be better off without you, you need some serious help. Jo you're my best friend, you've helped me with so much and you're family to me. You could never ruin my life."
"Sam!" She yelled while jumping on his blue sheets. "Sam come on, you've gotta take me…" Before she could finish that sentence Sam pulled her down on top of him.
Okay, I'm gonna be real with you. I never planned to write a part two to this fic but I just reread it after a long time. And honestly, Castiel's goodbye to Dean felt so unfinished and unfair in the show. And it gutted me. And obviously it's not the same...but I thought I could at least give Castiel some true happiness in this fic. So surprise! It does get a happy ending. I hope you guys enjoyed this story!
“Yeah but Ash loves me and incase you haven’t noticed he doesn’t really card people. So you want a beer or what?”
"What?" Dean asked dumbfounded that she had seen through him.
"Hey Jo!" He said smiling. "You're mom's pissed, doesn't want me giving you anything to drink."
"Ok that'll be out soon."
“Oh.”  Jo’s face went bright red.  “We can stop then.”
“Then why do you look like that?”  Dean said accusingly.
"Ok great. That'll be out soon." Ash said as he turned to walk back to the kitchen.
“You know we’re suppose to keep you out of trouble right?”  The tallest Winchester questioned.
did you get it yesterday?" Castiel soundly slightly annoyed.
"Yesh!" He answered.
Jo and Dean were halfway to the door when Jo stopped in her tracks.  “Wait, Gabriel will be there too, right?”
Dean couldn’t deal with this so he decided it was time to leave.  “Ummmm...So I have to start the food so we’re just going to leave.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Thank you all so much for reading.  I know this took a long time to update, sorry.  If you don't like how long the wait was you can also find this story on my fanfiction . net account.  I have just posted chapter twenty on there so if you don't want to wait you can check it out there.  Same title, "Nobody's Fault But Mine" and same profile name DeanTheDemon.  Either way I love hearing from you guys so feel free to leave a comment or review! :-)
"A little bit of everything." She lied.
“No.”  Dean glared at both of them.  “I’m putting Cas in bed and praying his brothers don’t kick my ass and you’re staying in the Impala.”
The words Jo heard hurt.  ‘I love ya like a sister,’ that’s something she would say to Sam.  She thought Dean wasn’t suppose to love her as a sister but more of a lover considering they did have a kid together.  But she hide her emotions like Dean did and pretended she was ok.  “Right, best behavior.  Will do.  So why’d this guy want to meet me again, I didn’t actually make a great first impression.”
"You're a horrible liar." Jo said looking at him with sad eyes.
"You listen, I like that." Castiel said. "Dean is the only person that calls me Cas because he came up with the name and it just kind of stuck for him and I."
“He’d be crazy not to.”  Why was Dean feeling jealous?  He really shouldn’t have been, he was happily with Cas.
"It does, which is why i'm not too pissed about it."
“I couldn’t keep my eyes off him in the theaters.” Dean shrugged matter of factly. “Of course at the time I didn’t understand why watching him made me smile whenever he spoke.”
John smirked a little.  “I’m not kicking you out, but I’ll make you deal.”
Jo glared in Dean’s direction.  “Can we just kick his drunk ass out?”
“Let them.”  She yelled from upstairs.
“Give me your phone.”  Dean said while turning into their driveway.  “I’m gonna text Jo while you pack a change of cloth for us.”
“OH MY GAWD!  YOU TOLD HIM HE COULD MET BEN?!?!”
Jo pulled out the restaurant to look for the nearest tattoo shop. Dean drunk until his stomach felt warm and his head felt light.
“You don’t waste anytime do you?”
Jo couldn't help but grin at how stupid her friend was acting. Dean saw her smiling. "What? What's so funny?" He questioned.
Castiel smiled too now.  “Please no yelling, but Dean Winchester I will love you forever.”
“Yes sir.”
Although Dean didn’t want to he didn’t object to this.  “Castiel?”
“Great to see you have that same sense of humor.  I’ll be right back, i’m gonna get a beer, you want one.”
trouble, dad threatened to give the Impala to Sam. Said if I kept you out of trouble this summer I could keep her." Dean laughed sarcastically. "It's been less than twenty four hours and I already I can feel it happening."
"I couldn't do that. It looked like you and Jessica really hit it off."
Dean picked up Sam and they headed over to the diner that Dean had wanted to take Jo to. He didn't talk the whole time which pissed Sam off because he could be in science reviewing for his final at the moment. When they ordered and the food arrived Dean still hadn't said anything, Sam knew he had to say something.
She was cut off by Garth coming over with a stupid little grin on his face.  “And here are your milkshakes.  Enjoy.”
“So you just had sex with her then never talked to her again?”
“No I can’t tell you what to do but I can get your mother!  Do you want me to do that?  I’m sure she’ll be so disappointed to see how you’re acting.”
“He’s not even here yet.  Now answer my question.”  Jo said while rolling her eyes and pouting.
“I don’t take Cas here.”  Dean shrugged as if it was obvious.
Dean sighed and closed the door, he really didn’t want Gabe  to hear this.  “Listen Cas, let me explain.”
“Why?”  He said annoyed.
“Besides, I already kissed him and he freaked.”
The blonde shot him a death glare.  Her words were full of venom.  “Why?  Is it because we use it come here?  Are you ashamed?”
Ben story, her dad didn’t even know Dean was the father.
Thanks to everyone who took the time to read this chapter!  Feedback (good or bad) is always welcomed, I really hopped you enjoyed this chapter, and those of you who continue to read shall be meeting Jo next chapter!
Dean let out a low gruff laugh.  “Are you saying you’re jealous of Jo...again?”
“He looks nothing like Castiel but he’s kind of hot.”
“I can see that.”  Ellen stood up and started for the door.  “I’ve gotta go to the restaurant for a little bit but Dean if you want to stay and cook up dinner be my guest.”
I quieted down and started counting the freckles on his face because I did not need, nor want, to watch a movie about sharks or lava. I’d wanted to spend time with the green eyed beauty but when I’d arrived...well I guess all stories really do have a start.
It was at that moment that Dean saw the mother of his child struggling to come up with more lies to cover for him that he decided enough was enough.  “Jo, no.  Listen Gabe, did Cas ever tell you what we were arguing about?”
Jo snorted.  “Yeah, sorry about last time.  It was a very emotional time for all of us.  But it won’t happen again.  Anyway we’ll have one vanilla bean milkshake with two cherries and one chocolate milkshake with two cherries.”
“You gave me the right when you disrespected me, Jo, and your grandson.  You might be my father by blood, but if anything Bobby’s more of a dad to me.  Taught me more than you have.”
“What are we still doing here?  Let’s go meet your brothers.”  Jo said excitedly.
Dean looked at Jo, even though he was talking to Garth.  “What if the father waited like six years then deiced he wanted to meet the kid.  Do you think the mother would have a right to keep the father from the kid.”
“I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have said that.  Besides i’m just being sentimental over stupid crap, it doesn’t matter.”
“Awesome I’ll be back with three beers.”
Sam rolled his eyes. "Tell me about it."
Dean lied his head on his father's shoulder. "I drank it!"
Dean snarled at him. "If you're trying to ask if Jo and I had
Once they were out the door Dean glared at Cas.  “I hate that name so much!”
"No, I'm just a realist."
“Ohhhh.  You misunderstood.”  She hated how easily she could lie.  “We broke up because I came out here, it was a messy breakup some things were said.  I called him clingy, which he was, I mean i’m only here for the summer!  But I was missing him like hell last night because it would have be our three year anniversary.”
"That this wasn't some random girl you just meet. I needed to understand more about the relationship you two had before it happened."
"Fine." Sam said giving her his puppy dog eyes. "Just please don't tell anyone else."
Castiel slowly got out of the car, he started towards his house when Jo stopped him.  “Castiel Jimmy Novak I said to apologize!”
“Don’t drink it.”  Dean said as if it was obvious.
"Why didn't you come get me? We could have left."
“Hey Cas over here.”  Dean waved the blue eyed boy over.
Garth was blushing.  “Nope, I’ve only been with my wife.”
“Then go, it’s fine.”
"I swear to god Cas," Dean panted. "You're going to make me come in record time."
"I'm a horrible person mom." She was barely able to sob out.
Dean was clinching and unclinching his fist, he was taking deep breaths and trying to stay calm.  “True, Ben may not know I am his father, if...no when I tell him I am his father, sure as hell will I be there for him.”
"Why?"
“Yesh!  To Cas’s house we go.”  Castiel said while laughing hysterically.
Jo looked to the door, and again for the second time in about five minutes was surprised to find the youngest Winchester wasn't behind her. "No, that's just Sam, he drove me." She said while waving Sam over to them.
"You gotta admit it looks pretty awesome." Jo grinned.
“Great!  I can’t wait to meet you!  Bye.”  Jo grabbed the phone out of Sam’s hand and hung up before anyone could protest.
“Ok then.”  Dean handed Garth a ten dollar tip.  “Until next time.”
“What’s with that last night on Earth crap!”
“So?  It’s not like I have any plans.”  Jo said.
"I was nine! Back then forever meant forever."
“I’m going to run your license and registrations.  Have you gotten any tickets recently?”
Sam grabbed the phone out of Dean’s hands and said “you shouldn’t have this but since you already answered I’ll let you talk...on speaker.”
"And I didn't think you'd be dumb enough to believe forever was forever." Ash said laughing just as hard as Jo.
“Are you sure?  If you want to talk about it we can.”
It took all my will to keep a straight face. But when I heard that deep seated laughing coming out of those lovely pink, plush, lips I couldn’t help to laugh along with him.
Dean smirked. "I love you too Castiel Jimmy Novak."
“I’ll be right back.”
"That's nice of you Cas, but if you're gonna have any relationship with her you're going to have to call her Jo."
Jo got a small smirk on her face.  “Then I guess it’s a good thing I brought this.”  She pulled out a bottle of whiskey from the small bookbag she was carrying.
“We fell asleep watching a movie sir.”
“No.”  Dean said gruffly while looking at her lips and thinking about that kiss they never talked about.  “You look...fantastic.”
"Also, I want to meet Johanna Beth, again. No fighting or judging. I can't say i'll like her but if she's going to be here all summer hanging out with you I want to have some sort of relationship with her."
This sent Jo and Ash into more shrieking laughter. "For someone who's suppose to be smart you're kind of a dumbass." Jo said wiping a tear from her eye.
"I'm sorry Dean." Jo said quietly taking his hand.
“You have time to answer my questions. Sam won’t be back until early morning.”
“Dean i’m in the mood to joke.”  Sam said seriously.
"Thanks for trying Dean but like I said I know when you're lying."
“You lied to me.  You told me I was your first.  You never told me about your former best friend.  We’ve been dating for almost five years!  You were literally my first everything!  My first kiss, my first more than friend, my first lover, my first love!  And you lied to me.”  It was clear the younger male was hurt.
Dean arrived at the warehouse at 12:25, he was very anxious because he wanted to win Castiel back so bad. He had stopped by the supermarket to get a table cloth, peanut butter sandwiches, and cherry pie. When he arrived Cas wasn't there yet which was good because it gave him time to try and remake their first date. He was just about done when he heard footsteps behind him.
Ash chuckled. "He still likes ya then?"
Sam took a long sip of his beer before walking over to Jessica. As soon as he was gone Jo took an over dramatic sigh. "God, I love that kid but sometimes I swear his crush on me will be the reason he never gets married."
Since they’d been in such a rush they forgot their helmets.  Dean hopped of the motorcycle and gave Cas a peck on the check before running inside.  “I’ll text you later if I still have my phone.  Bye, I love you Castiel Jimmy Novak!”
Dean smiled as he added another finger. He started pumping more forcefully making his lover cry out even more. He added one more finger and continued to hit his partner's prostate almost every time. When he removed his finger he received a quick groan from Cas before he stuck his dick in.
Tears started rolling down his cheek again. "I'm sorry Jo. Everything is my fault."
"He's working tomorrow, during the day too."
"We were best friends! What does that have to do with anything?" Dean asked angrily.
"Oh." Jo said disappointed she quickly changed the subject. "I've gotta give this to Sam. Is it alright if he drives me home? I've been using the Impala all day."
"Bye sweetie pie." She said. "Oh and bye Jo."
“Great plan Dean, we’re here but it’s two in the fucking morning.”
"I'll take a coke instead."
John could tell his son was lying.  “Don’t lie to me!”
Jo rolled her eyes but she was smiling.  “We should get these milkshakes to go before we’re thrown out for ever.”
As they were walking to the car Dean said "your mother's something."
Dean spoke slower and pronounced each syllable carefully.  “I said fuck you.”
“What do you mean.”
"Yeah but it's
"Why do you think it's about Jo, why is everything about Jo?"
Dean shook his head, whether out of annoyance or something else I’m not sure. “No he shouldn’t be out in the ocean. Just watch the movie and you’ll find out. Plus, he fits perfectly in the movie. Just ask my 7 year old self.”
“Ok, but if you’re gonna play the what if game you have to do it from the other side too.  What if you meet the kid and find out he’s Luke Skywalker awesome.”
look at Sam as anything other than a brother but she knew he was close enough to hear and she wanted to give him a boost.
“Amen to that.”  Dean said raising his glass to his lips.
“I’ve just met you but you seem pretty kickass.  I’d love to get to know you some more, maybe I could take you to get that milkshake.”
(See the end of the chapter for
kin because the baby daddy is your boyfriend's son. I totally get it." She said sarcastically.
"Do what?"
“He does live there.”
“You’re terrible.”  Jo laughed.
Jo pouted.  “Do you not like it?  Should I change?”
As fast as Jo could pull out her phone the youngest Novak was gone.  So now that she was alone she texted her best girl friend Charlie and explained everything that had happened in the last twenty four hours.  Charlie was her only friend from South Dakota who knew about the
“Kind of but...that’s not the point!  We’ve barely seen each other since she left!”
"The point it you never stayed to see the kiss didn't happen." Dean lied, it happened, maybe more than once, with a few of the girls there, but he also knew the lie was what Jo needed at the moment.
"I, I don't know." Sam quickly looking at Jo, then back to Jess.
"Not too long."
“You’re always hungry!”  Jo teased.
There was a loud silence on the other end and Dean thought he hang up, until he heard a loud sigh.  “Dean I’m sorry about what I said.  Things got out of hand.  I’m not saying I forgive you and I’m not saying I want to get back together but I atleast want to meet the girl.”
problem.  We’re going to be taking this trip together, we’ll be sharing a motel room, and sitting next to each other on the air plane.  There will be so much alone time with us.  With all of these undefined feelings what’s that going to be like?  Awkward, right?”
“Hello.”  Dean said groggily.
Dean loved when they made love, Dean loved everything about Castiel.  His favorite thing about him, though, had to be how Cas use to be so shy and quiet and now he was well, on top.  When they finished their love making they both just layed looking at each other.  There was no talking, they were just looking into each others eyes.  Dean was running his hand through Castiel’s hair and Cas was laying his head on Dean’s shoulder.  Before long they had fallen asleep.
“Great i’ll be waiting.  By the way you have a beautiful smile.”
“Oh, I’m sorry.  I wish I had my own story to relate to but besides from having a deadbeat father who ran out on us after I was born I haven’t lost anyone.”  Castiel said as he poured himself some of the Holy Beer.
Dean sighed.  “Yeah, why don’t we go out after dinner to talk.”
"I wouldn't have gotten you a shitty tattoo." Jo said somewhat jokingly.
“Why do you even want me coming?”
"I don't know, I thought you just needed a ride."
Jo had ran inside the Novak’s house to get some ice and was very surprised to see Dean on the ground too and Castiel sitting in the front seat of the Impala.  It took a lot but she kept from laughing, well on the outside at least.
“You’re not the one who has to take him home and get him into bed without his brothers killing you.”
“Should I text Gabe now or wait?”
Sam took off his leather jacket. "Here, put this on. How long have you been out here."
“What the hell happen?”  She asked both of the boys.
Castiel took a minute to let this all soak in. After a minute he asked his next question, "Why did you leave Lawrance?"
Dean continued to push into Cas and Cas had his orgasm calling out Dean's name. Upon hearing this Dean started pushing harder and faster as he came himself. They rode out their orgasms long and hard together.
“I need to drop Dean off.”
“Dean!”  He could hear his father yelling from down the hall.
“Like half an hour.  We’re about to pass Roadhouse, we could take your car so we don’t have to smell this.”
Jo was so shocked by Castiel sticking up for her she didn’t know what to say.  So she simply did as he asked and gave him his coat.
"Good." Dean laughed.
The next morning Jo woke up to the smell of pancakes and bacon, it was one of the few times she got up before ten am.  When she finally got downstairs she saw her mother and Dean chatting and laughing, she couldn’t help but smile when Dean’s face lite up when he realized she was awake.
Dean was leaning on the car hood for about five minutes before he saw the door open and Sam step out.  “Were you doing your hair, what took you so long?” Dean joked trying to lighten the mood.
“Hi Dean.”  Castiel’s voice sounded weak and hoarse.
“Yeah.”  Gabriel said as if it was obvious.  “Everyone gets a nickname.  You’re boy toy and Jo’s hair is bright like the sun and she lights up my day so she’s Sunshine.”
Ash and Jo laughed at the memory. "You went around taking all the tips from the table!" Ash said in betweens laughs.
Dean tuned them out checking his phone for new messages.
"Nope, just like my cars I like my meals to be a classic." Dean stood up. "I'll be back. Gotta take a leak."
Dean went out to the car with a huge smile on his face.  The whole ride home he was silent but that grin never left his face.  The only time he said anything was when Jo was about to turn into Roadhouse.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Whatever, just talk to Sam.”  She didn’t give him time to say anything else because she practically ran into the house.
Dean sighed.  “Jo ended up getting a bad reputation, not because of what we did, but for other things.  I was starting high school and she was gone so I tried to make it seem like we were never friends.   It worked and then I met you and I guess in some ways I forgot about her.”
Dean shook his head. “I don’t want to know how you know that. So just ask your question.”
The older Winchester brother again cut me off, I was getting a little tired of that but it meant I got to hear his voice so I let it slide. “Yes, Sharkboy was my first male crush. Although at the time I didn’t know I was crushing on him.”
Dean smirked a little when he was leaving his room.  “Bitch.”
"Go go go!" She yelled to Sam before she'd even closed the door completely.
“No, you’re not.”
“I...I...honestly don’t know what to say.”  Sam was besides himself.  “We are not doing anything illegal...but i’d kind of like to hear this plan.
“I would’ve brought you back.”
“Well ain’t that a damn shame.  She wasn’t the best, but she was a good mechanic.”
Although Castiel wasn’t good comforting people he tried.  “Well maybe I can help, maybe you’re feeling conflicted because of your boyfriend.”
"Whatever." Dean said pulling back on to the road. Instead of driving to a diner for breakfast he dropped Jo off at home. He didn't wait for her to get inside before he backing out of the driveway.
“I can drive myself home.”  Jo pouted.
"Shut up!" Castiel said resuming to undress Dean as he had been doing only minutes before.
"I'm...I'm sorry. I...I just thought…the story...and kissing" Jo was stammering for words.
“I just, I don’t get how Sharkboy really fits into the movie. I mean he’s kind of a jerk with Max, and why is he even with Max in the first place. Shouldn’t he be out in the ocean looking for his father?”
"Mom I think i'm going to go to sleep."
“Of course. There’s Sam too.”
“So Sam I know you’ll be starting your senior year soon.  Still want to be a lawyer?
“I know, I’ll miss you too but lets not get nostalgic over the future.  Let’s live in the now”
Castiel smiled politely. "Hello Joanna Beth, as you know I am Castiel. If you don't mind me asking how did you know who I was?"
Jo moved in to close the gap between them. Before she realized what she was doing she had her lips on Dean's lips. It was a soft, quick, sweet, kiss but lasted only a minute before Dean pulled away.
“What?”
“Then let me meet Ben.  Please.”
“I gotta change.”  Jo said running upstairs.
“Don’t tell me you and Castiel were watching a movie when I know damn well you two had sex last night!”
"Wh...What?" Jo managed to cough out. As far as she knew Dean had only told her father about the incident because she was pregnant and they didn't know what to do.
"Then I'll tell 'em what I told you."
Gabriel smiled “It’s too much work to judge, I stopped doing it along time ago.  Now why don’t you and Dean get going, he looks like if he sees one more surprise he’ll have a heart attack.”
“In your dreams.”  Bobby replied with a laugh.  “So who quit?”
hire me, she would be worried about all the guys here."
"Whatever, can you just take me home?" Jo asked trying not to show how upset she was.
"Ain't she though." Jo said with a southern accent.
"Listen you piece of shit!" Jo was angry. "Nobody calls me Joanna Beth and nobody treats my best friend that way! I don't give a fuck if he never told you about me! We slept together, it changed a hell of a lot between! It was my fault he wanted to forget, he doesn't talk about me with anyone!"
“I hate a lot of things.  One of them is sitting right behind me.”
“YES!  JOEY YOU’RE AMAZING!”  Dean jumped up and engulfed her in a huge hug.
"Is that...are you...what?" Sam questioned.
I quirk my head to the side, “Who said I had…”
Instead of taking offensive Dean agreed.  “He’s right.  Gabriel has come to terms with me dating you, after all this time he knows I’d never hurt you...on purpose.  And I’d like to believe Gabe wouldn’t do anything to hurt Jo but I still haven’t come to terms with it.  You can understand that, right Cas?”
Dean simply answered ""yes," before quickly hanging up and putting on his cloth. Before Dean went to the impala he pulled Castiel into him. He held him at the waist and they had a long passionate kiss. "Be safe, please don't drive too fast." Dean said concerned.
“Why?”  Sam questioned.  “It’s not like it’ll change anything between you.”
“In case you haven’t noticed i’m not in my damn clothe anymore.”
“When did Sam become more fun than you?”  Castiel asked in a mocking tone.
Dean laughed, “I’d love to Ellen but I’ve gotta check on Cas first.  If it’s not too late i’ll come back.”
"WHAT?!" Jo asked shell shocked.
Dean drove home as fast as he could at a legal speed and threw on a light blue shirt and some hideous khaki pants he only wore because he knew Bobby liked them.  Once he had changed and was back on the road it only took ten minutes to get to Ellen’s house.
While Castiel was gasping in shock Dean was trying to stay as calm as possible.
Sam and Jo had polite, or as close as you can get to polite with Jo, conversation. After about ten minutes Sam decided he should go check on Dean. He wanted to make sure Dean wasn't in there panicking about winning Cas back.
"You leaving at two in the morning even though I said not to."
Jo knew he wasn’t trying to be mean so she pretend like his frankness didn’t bother her, although it did a little.  “Well since we both weren’t our usually charming self what do you say we forget that day.  This can be our first meeting.”
“I think you know the answer from what you just saw.”  Dean said while getting in the car and beckoning for him to do the same.
Sam, understandably, was in no mood to joke.  “He’s drunk right?  You’re not a father?”
Jo couldn't help herself, she smirked at the memory because she knew where this was heading.
“DEAN!”  Jo yelled which finally woke up Castiel.
“I’m here for less than a week and you can’t be on time?”  Bobby said jokingly.
Jo’s eyes got wide as she realized what she said.  Dean looked scared shitless.  “No...what I um…meant was...uh…my dad has a kid…”
I nod and stay silent as he starts the movie again. I count the freckles on his face again, to try to keep myself occupied until I can leave.
"Shit!" Dean yelled. "Cover for me? I gotta run home and change, i'll be at Ellen's in like a half hour."
"Ok, but you might want to wipe that off you face." Ellen said pointing towards her makeup.
“But that’s best case scenario, either way if I decide to meet him I am going to lose Cas.”
“So I take you like it.”  Jo laughed.
“Dean.”  Castiel whined.  “My head hurts.  I want to sleep.”
“Exactly Cas!” Dean shouted as he pushed him into the wall again. “We all know we’re going to die, so why the hell are reminding everyone. God, one minute you’re drinking and having a jolly old time with Jo and Ellen and the next you’re sulking around. What’s wrong with you?”
“You seem a little buzzed, i’m not taking the chance and letting you drive.”
"I really want to be mad at you." Castiel pouted. "But the tattoo kind of makes you look sexy."
"Ohhhhh." Dean mocked. "Someone got in trouble."
Castiel turned away. He couldn't face Dean's beautiful green eyes. "I had to meet her. I needed to hear it from her to."
Jo saw the anger in Dean’s eyes and shot him a look to dismay it.  “Don’t ask, it’s not what you think.”
Out of habit Jo added “we’ll talk about your terrible actions in the morning.”
“Sorry. So,” I say causally since I can’t get my bearings. “Where are heading?”
"Ash!" She yelled as she ran across the bar to hug her favorite waiter.
"Thanks to me!" Castiel yelled from behind.
"I know I'm right."
“Are you implying you…”
“I ain’t disrespecting no grandson, you may’ve given’ the sperm but you ain’t that boy’s daddy.  The kid don’t even know who you are.”
"I'm sorry."
"What's the big deal mom?" Jo said rolling her eyes.
Sam had just finished passing out the food when Cas said, "Oh i'm sorry I can't stay and eat. I just wanted to meet Jo…"
The blonde smirked, “Go ask Ash for a pitcher of this.”
The oldest Winchester brother wasn’t sure if he should praise Jesus or kill a demon because Castiel didn’t hear but he did puke in the back seat.
Dean glared at his younger brother.  “Yes I’m bi and Castiel broke up with me because I told him he was my first.  And as far as I’m concerned he was.”
“Whatever.” I rolled my eyes. “If, in some parallel Earth, you were you, and Sharkboy was Sharkboy, and nothing was odd about a boy being half human half shark, you were able to date Sharkboy do you think it would work out?”
So that’s what they did, and they slept well into the early afternoon.  The only reason Dean even woke up was he heard Cas’s ringtone.
“Eighty-five mile per hour.  I’m sorry sir.  I know this is a sixty miles per hour zone.”
"You didn't ruin my life. You didn't ruin John's life. You didn't ruin your life. You haven't ruined anyone's life."
Jo, who had been forgotten up until now laughed.  “Some things never change do they?  You two are still fighting!”  She smiled looking right at Dean.  “Hi Dean-o!”  She said moving forward to give him a hug.  Before she could however Dean had ducked into the car.
When the youngest Winchester heard this he quickly woke up fully. His face was red as a tomato as he apologized many times. Jo was laughing on the inside, she found it adorable that Sam had a crush on her. She loved Sam, but like a little brother, she loved Dean too but not like a brother…
Dean sighed, how had he gotten himself into all this.  He’d just wanted to make dinner for his friends, plus Gabriel.  “Jo, come on, I didn’t mean…”
“What?”  Jo finally questioned.
“THEN WHY THE HELL HAVE I NEVER HEARD OF JO!  WHY THE HELL DID YOU SAY I WAS YOUR FIRST!”
“You know mom doesn’t like you out after mid-night.  Let alone does she like you having guest over when she’s not here, especially guest whom you have an intimate relationship with.”
The End
“I don’t know but Char can we focus on the
"I was just being honest. I couldn't keep it in any longer." Jo said earnestly.
“No! You listen Dean. I’m not just another monster that you can push around. I am an angel of the Lord and I am stronger than I look. Block my path again and I won’t hold back.”
"Ok. And what's that?" The waiter questioned.
Dean didn’t know what that mean and didn’t care to find out so he asked Jo, “can we stop at the grocery store?”
“So he’s you?”
Although Dean was right in front of Castiel, Cas could tell that his mind was thousand miles away.  “Dean, what’s wrong?”
Dean sighed, this day wasn’t going his way.  “No sir, I’m not late for anything.  I did something stupid and the love of my life dumped me for it.  I’m just upset and I probably shouldn’t be driving now.”
Jo was holding her sides from laughing so hard. "We didn't think you would be dumb enough to do it!"
Dean bit his lip trying to think of a somewhat convincing lie.  “I’d love to but I can’t, I got in a little trouble at dinner last night.”
Jo sighed trying not to think of what that might mean. "Ok? About?"
“Hi boy toy.”  Gabriel said joking as always.  “Where do you think you’re going little brother?”
Dean was quiet for a while just looking out the window.  When he answered his brother he was practically whispering.  “Me too Sammy, me too.”
Dean didn’t even look at him, he simply said “no.”
Dean pulled over to the side of the road so he could focus on Sam, not the road.  “Just hear me out, we drive out there, I can meet Ben, you can meet your nephew, then we can drive back.  Quick and simple, Jo doesn’t have to know we went and Cas doesn’t need to know anything about tonight.”
“Shut up and sit Cas! The movies actually starting now!”
The cop looked down at his licence.  “Listen Dean, I can see you’re having a rough time.  How far are you from the house?”
I nodded, so Dean and I had plenty of time before Sam arrived. “Thanks. Bye Sam.”
“I’m just going to miss you.”  The taller male said wearily.
So Dean and Jo ran into the supermarket and brought buns, cherries, syrup, ketchup, mustard, beer (they both agreed Castiel wouldn’t get any), and soda.  By the time they had checked out and reached the car they both agreed they’d given Gabriel enough time to get ready.
“Awesome.” Jo walked over the drivers window and was about to knock when she asked, “does Castiel have a middle name?”
"Ash! I'm appalled you would think the only reason I came here was to get drunk. I came here to see my favorite waiter, which is you of course."
“Sorry.”  Castiel said meekly.
"But what made you stay away for eight years? I mean your old man and Dean comes in here all the time." Ash questioned.
“Buuuuuuuut Dean!”  He whined.  “The Holy Beer!”
"Do you have pictures?" Ellen asked hopefully.
Dean’s reply was only a sigh as he slumped down in his seat and looked at the window.
Castiel was upset too and trying not to cry.  Although it hurt him he stood firm.  “Leave!”
“Dude just relax and be yourself.  Jo’s easy to…” Castiel cut him off.
Castiel only had time to say “that would be rude” before Jo came back.
Jo jumped as she was not expecting her friend to call her, before she could even say hello there was playful yelling on the other end.
“Castiel. Man, I’m so sorry. It’s not like...I mean it only happened once or twice and I was just trying to get off quick.”
“Yeah.”
“Yeah...you’re probably right.”
“Yeah.”  Dean said after a moment of thinking.  “He’s probably got his hands full with Cas, besides you’re with me now.”
“Dean…”
Sam sighed. "I'll try...but...what happen to the cloth you had? I mean they're dressy enough."
Castiel took Dean’s hand and was rubbing soothing circle on the back of his palm.  “You can always come with me.  I don’t have to live in a dorm, we can find an apartment.”  He said this with hope although he knew that that idea could never work.
“I keep a lot of shit from you.  I don’t try to it’s just who I am.”  Dean said while pulling out of the driveway.
Jo smiled even wider “thanks,” she answered while getting into the Impala.  Dean could tell she was in seven heaven and it took all his willpower not to ask what had been on his mind for weeks, he knew he had to wait until they got to Fritzer Railroad.  He was very deep in thought, and a little in pain, being kicked in the groin hurts like hell!
“Yeah.”  She said meekly knowing what was coming next.
It was John’s turn to speak now.  “Yeah and you were up and out of the house pretty early for someone who was so drunk the night before.”
“Choose your words carefully Dean Winchester because if you hurt him those will be your last words.”
with Johanna Bet?" Castiel asked with venom in his voice.
"Dean was pretty drunk that night. He told me about it as soon as he got home."
Dean decided not to answer, he just went into the bathroom to change into the suit.  When he was done Sam did the same.  It wasn’t until they left the motel that they realized they didn’t know exactly where William Harvelle lived.  The two Winchester booked for a while about what to do before they decided that it might be best to just head home and come up with a better plan, truthfully Dean had just come to his senses and realized he wasn’t ready to meet his son.
(See the end of the chapter for
“What the hell was that?”  Dean yelled angrily at her.
"Besides from the two cherries." Dean couldn't help but laugh. "You got my order perfect."
“Cas I don’t know what you want me to say.  I didn’t know you yet.  She was getting ready to move, it was her goodbye party, someone brought booze, I got drunk.  She got drunk.  I didn’t know I was bi yet, and we were drunk!”
“The hell i’m not.”
Dean’s heart was thumping.  There was no way he was going to lose his car.  “I’ll take the deal!”
"Yesh!" Dean said throwing the bottle out the window.
Sam grabbed the phone from his brother and started apologizing.  “I don’t know what happened but I’m sorry.  Dean is still very upset over what happen, he’s not in any state to fight, I’m sorry again.  He won’t call you again.”  He didn’t even give Micheal (at least he assumed it was Michael) the chance to answer.  He hung up too fast.
“You’re not?”
"It's your mom's restaurant. If you want a job it's your."
"Grow a pair and go talk to her." Jo said only half joking. She thought Sam's crush on her was cute, at times. However when there were pretty girls all over clearly hoping for Sam to talk to them it pissed her the hell off that he wouldn't.
“Duh!  And I still want to study at Stanford.”
“No.  It was before you met Castiel, the only reason I was so mad before was I thought you had cheated on my baby brother or something.  You didn’t know him yet so it’s fine, plus Jo is still smokin’ hot.”
“You’re a dad.”  Jo pointed out.
“Hey Dean.”
Jo sighed. "It's complicated."
“Dude, Garth, you’re the man.”  Jo grinned.
“I figure we’ll just pay William a visit.  We can offer him and Ben a free meal, maybe go to a movie.  And if all goes well we can do something with them tomorrow, then we’ll drive home Monday morning.  If things turn to shit we’ll leave tomorrow morning and have you back in time for school.”
“If that’s true and nothing comes up I’ll let you go with a warning.”
“Whaaa?!?!”  The sleepy man said groggily.  His eyes widen as he took in Jo’s appearance and saw the angry look on his boyfriends face.  “Not that my boyfriend and I should care but what did you do with my brother?”
Before the cop could even ask for his license and registration Dean was handing it to him.  The cop looked at him and saw his red puffy eyes.  “Listen son do you have any idea how fast you were going?”
“What?”  Jo questioned.  “Why?”
“He’s bi.”  Sam corrected her.
"God! No one can say no to you with those eyes! I won't tell anyone else, just drive me home."
Dean was out the door very fast after he heard her answer, he was dragging Castiel right behind him.
“When you visit me at college you can cook for me.  I’ll have a bigger kitchen...and a bigger bed.”
"This is why you're my favorite."
“I’m fine really.”  He reassured her.  “When i’m not I’ll tell you, I promise.”
“During freshmen year?
“Maybe you should calm down.”  Then as an after thought he added, “and stop pacing, it’s making me dizzy.”
“Sure.  By the way, the milkshakes are on the house.”
Sam looked at the blond for a split second before doing exactly as she said. "You're mom didn't want you leaving?" The youngest Winchester asked.
I hope you guys are enjoying the story so far.  What do you guys thing of Jo, is she awesome, annoying, both, I love hearing from you guys so feel free to leave a comment.  Also  if you ever want to get in contact with me but don't want to leave a comment (be it about the story or just life) my tumblr is Deanthedemonsblog i'm usually free to talk so just shot me a message there.
“Sam!”  She yelled with a big smile running over to him.
Jo smiled and ran up stair. Although she hadn't been in that house in almost five years she still knew where everything was. She ran into the last room on the right without even knocking. When she saw that Sam was asleep on his bed she decided it would be fun to jump on it wake him up.
“Yeah...yeah that’ll work.”  She said confidently.
"But mom I already have a ride."
“I said be home by mid-night.”
“So you really broke up?”  Sam asked while looking at the road.
‘Well before Child’s Protective Services let us live with Bobby they had to make sure his house was up to code and shit.  So they put Sam and I in a home for like a week or two but since i’d gotten in a little trouble with the law…”
“I panicked a little there.”
“Yeah...it’s Jimmy.  Why?”  Gabriel asked.
“I’ll even throw in some extra cherries for ya.”
“Relax boy toy i’m a good boy.”  The older Novak brother smirked.
“Cool.”  Dean said while waving Garth over.  “Can we get these to go?”
"No! I never said that. It's just John…"
“Of course.”
“You can’t tell me what to do!”  Castiel whined like a six year old.
When they reached the living room Dean stopped dead in his tracks causing the unsteady Castiel to topple over.
It was just after midnight when Jo walked into John's house supporting Dean while he tried to walk straight. Jo was thankful that John was in the kitchen and was able to replace her for keeping Dean standing.
"Shhhh. It's ok Jo." Her mother said in a calming voice. "You don't ruin
"Oh I am, I'm just not showing it."
busy then."
“Woah there Cas I think you’ve had enough.”  Dean said when he went to take a seventh cup of what they had started calling The Holy Beer.
“Well figure it out then talk to me but right now I’m done with this conversation.”  She started walking away but stopped at the door.  “You might want to talk to Sam and Bobby.”
"Totally." Jo said taking a sip of her beer. "Especially that chick sitting at the bar alone."
June 17th 2014 4:37 pm
"Thanks." Sam said hoping she couldn't see him blushing. Both Jo and Sam walked into the Roadhouse with smiles on their face. Jo was glad Sam wasn't insecure and Sam was smiling because he thought Jo might like him too, his hope was dashed a little when he saw her face light up.
“I fired Bela.  She was stealing parts.”
"I said I would." Jo sighed. "You know you can always go and see him yourself."
Dean sighed.  “Look, Cas, no offense but i’m not a huge fan of your brother.  I don’t like the idea of him with Jo, she’s like a sister to me.  And before you get jealous when Gabriel flirted with Sam I got this defensive too.”
Sam gave Dean a bitch face but did as he was told.  He was at the front door when he heard his brother yell, “pack a suit to.  We might need one!”  At first Dean didn’t think his brother heard but then he saw him give a small nod.
“I recently started babysitting the immature bitch that ruined my relationship.”  As soon as Dean said this he felt bad, he knew he shouldn’t have called her bitch.
“Oh no!”  She said with real concern.  “Why not?”
Dean was shocked Gabriel wasn’t smiling like always. “I need to talk to him.”  Dean said very nervously.
“And I think he’s short!”
Dean started out teasingly slow but when he heard Castiel whimper for more below he quickened his speed and started pumping harder. He had no problem finding Cas's prostate, and every time he hit it Cas would let out a forceful yell.
“WHAT GIVES YOU THE RIGHT TO SPEAK TO YOUR FATHER THAT WAY?”
I think I said too much because Dean is just staring at me. Just as the silence is getting too much for me and I’m about to book it out of there the man who makes me question everything I’ve ever known to be started to speak.
“My apologies.” On the inside I was laughing and thinking whatever. “So, are you watching? Is the shark person doing the pink haired female like the pizza man did the babysitter?”
“Crash and burn.”
May 11, 2014 2:27 pm
They sat together for several minutes before Castiel eye's darken. "Dean if this is going to work I need to ask now if there's anything else I should know."
“What?”  Dean practically hissed.  “Jo and I have never got along!  She’s hated me since...like forever!”
"No chickflick moments." Castiel mocked him but his eyes were full with love and warmth.
Dean lowered his voice. "I've got questions which i'm not going to ask here."
“My eyes are green.”
“What the hell Cas!  Did you bite me?!?”
"I don't." Sam said.
Jo smiled.  “Hi Castiel, before we go any further in this dinner I just want to apologize for our last meeting.  Things got out of hand and I guess you’re not a peice of shit.”
“Thanks Garth.”
“No!  We can make this work.  Please!”
“I don’t know I guess because you were wearing the same outfit that night.”
“Not really.  I’m like a sperm donor because I haven’t meet the kid yet.”  He said trying to guilt Jo.
“Sorry.  Just trying to lighten the mood.”
“Yeah, well you don’t get to choose who hurts me!  If I want to have sex with Gabe, which I don’t...yet, then that’s my choice!  You don’t get to have a fit, that’s what kids do.”
"We'll talk about this tomorrow. We're having a dinner."
“So you probably also remember how my father started drinking.”
I laughed at the thought of sneaking up behind Dean. He always wanted personal space, but ever since that first time I accidentally scared him, I’d been hooked. Sneaking up on him was the only way to greet Dean Winchester.
“You’re right Dean-o it can’t.”  Jo said playfully while standing up.  “I’m gonna get a beer you want one Cas?”
“I don’t know.”  Charlie said innocently.  “Guys just like to think they’re in control.”
“I can relate to that.”
They arrived at Fritz Railroad slightly after three thirty, being as it was a Tuesday there weren't a lot of people so they were seated right away. A waiter came over very fast with menus.
"Feel what?"
“Where’s this Gabe guy?” Jo questioned looking around the parking lot.
The rest of the drive to Castiel’s house was awkwardly quiet, it was only like a ten minute drive but still, silence can be a killer.  Dean mostly texted people.
“NOOOOOOOO!!! Don’t get my mom.”
“And maybe Lucifer is a pretty cool guy.”  Dean said sarcastically.  “Castiel is going to dump my ass...unless Sam…”
He pouted and stomped his foot before walking towards the two guys laying dumbfounded on the ground.  “Sorry.”  He said like a five year old who was clearly forced to apologize but didn’t mean it.  He then proceeded to walk towards his house.
While both the Winchester brothers were gone Jo saw a dark haired guy come in with the bluest eyes she'd ever seen. She knew that had to be Castiel because he just screamed Dean's type. Jo smiled and walked up to him.
Dean shot Jo a look and kicked her under the table.  In return she stuck her middle finger up at him.
“Bull shit.  He was texting me early about Jo.”
"Why?" Dean whispered, slowly getting closer to Cas. "We were so good together."
Dean laughed at the thought of making his brother uncomfortable.  He lived for Sam’s reactions.  He also laughed because he didn’t have to see Castiel’s face to know he was blushing.
"Yeah, but...you kept something huge from me." Castiel was trying to stay firm but he couldn't stop looking at Dean's lips.
“Thanks.”  Jo smiled.  “So is Castiel usually late?  Funny he didn’t plug me as the type to be late, thought he’d be the kind of person to get her right on time.”
This isn't one of your gross wet dreams! Wake up!"
"Goodbye Dean." Castiel was walking out with tears streaming down his face too. "Bye Sam. Joanna Beth."
“Sorry.  But for real you’re letting him meet Ben?”
“And i’m not saying yes!  You’re not thinking clearly and there are too many holes in your plan.”
Sam punched Dean in the arm.  “Be nice.”  He hissed.
They sat in silence for about fifteen minutes before the blond perked up.  “I’m starving!  Is Fritz Railroad still open?!?!?!”
"Are you crazy?"
There were tears in Castiel's eyes. "Everything. You two were best friends, until you slept together?"
“Truthfully?  Like three years, you know how my mom can be.  I had more but I drank them on previous visits.”
"Joannah Beth get your ass upstairs…"
"Like is an understatement." Jo smiled her best charming smile and asked Ash. "Want to set another beer on the table.
“I told him I’d never been a motorcycle so before we came here we stopped at Roadhouse and he gave me a ride on Cas’s bike.”
"Wait. You can't just leave me! I can't go home for like another three hours, dad would ground me if he knew I ditched."
“I’ve got some booze, I was saving it for a rainy day and was going to drink it yesterday but I couldn’t use it on my first day back.”  Jo said while getting the alcohol from her under her bed.  She blew on it to wipe off some of the dust.
“Don’t twist my fucking words around!  I want you to see Ben but I don’t want you telling him because of some damn comment you dad made while he was drunk!”
The redhead laughed. "Yeah I know the hair is different, but I needed a change and I like it."
"Really?" Sam asked finally getting out of the car.
“What?”  She questioned innocently.  “I get to go to Fritz Railroad and you get to see Castiel.  We all win!”  Jo said handing Dean his phone.
"And?" His father questioned.
“YOU CAN’T GIVE SAM MY BABY!”  Dean yelled.
"Yes but what was the last straw? Did your mother make you leave because you slept with Dean?"
Dean sighed.  “I’m sorry dad.  We feel asleep after...we didn't realize how late it was until we woke up.”
“Why do you keep looking at me?  Do I have something in my teeth?”
She smirked thinking of all the possibilities, maybe they could get matching tattoo's. She was excited, until she remembered the message from her mother.
Dean pulled over to the side of the road because this was something he needed to say looking here in the eye. "Joey, do you really think my life would be better without you?"
Dean was heading back up to his room when he heard his father yell “she’ll be at the airport by 1:30!”
“Yeah but
“Your point of view?!?!  You’re really going to try and make me feel bad for you?”
"What are you doing?" Jo questioned.
Jo clasped her hands over her mouth to try to keep from laughing, although it didn’t help.  Dean glared at her then proceeded to take Castiel’s cup.  “You’re done for the night.  You’ll be thanking me tomorrow when you’re hungover isn’t as bad.”
“So basically I have to baby sit all summer?”
She could see Dean was starting to calm down and knew if she held firm for a few more minutes she would win this argument.  “Like I said, you could tell Ben if you tell Castiel first.”
“Now that being said, until you can prove to me you you’re responsible I’m giving Sam the car.”
The older Novak groaned.  “I have no clue but Castiel isn’t a nice drunk.”
“I was young and ashamed of what we did.  I don’t like talking about those times.”
Dean looked her up and down. "Wow! You look great, is that the new style?" He asked sarcastically.
“Yes.”
He only had to say two words to get his point across.  “Fuck you.”
"If after Dean and I had sex?"
He basically growled at her.  “Don’t touch me!”
“Damn.  Maybe next time Jo.”  He winked then as if magic pulled a piece of paper from behind his back with his number on it.  “Call me sometime.”
Dean was pulling onto the highway when a new question formed in his head.  “What’s happening first thing Tuesday?”
"My mom would
“It’s 3:37!  I was suppose to be home like three hours ago!”
“What dinner?”
Jo took a sip then pretended to have an orgasm.  “Ohhhhhhhh goooooood. Yes!  It’s sooooooooo good.  Cas what do you think?”
In response Castiel looked up at Dean with his lustful blue eyes and corked an eyebrow at him. That action alone was almost enough to make Dean cum, he had to use all his willpower not to.
“Um...yeah...about that...as far as I know Jo never told him I was the daddy…”  Dean paused taking in his brothers stunned face.  “So that’s a start, right?”
Dean took a shaky breath before speaking.  He didn’t want to start crying again.  “Yes sir.”
Dean didn’t want to upset his former boyfriend anymore so he stumbled out of the house.  He could hear Gabriel yelling at but he wasn’t listening at all.  There so many tears in his eyes that it was a wonder he could make it to the Impala at all.  He sat in the driveway for a while, just crying to himself.  By the time he calmed down enough to see it was almost noon.
“Do you think it would be too soon to text Gabe?”
“Can you have your gab fust later, it’s freezing out here!”  The older Novak complained.
“Did I miss everything last night?”
"It's true what they say. Make up sex is the best."
And I’ll never have a shot with this man.
“How can you tell?”
Dean was gripping the wheel very hard.  “Cas if puke in my car you’re a dead man.”
“Oh….Ummm…”
“Look.”  The redhead said getting serious.  “If Dean is truly in love with Castiel, and you really do like Gabriel you two should be fine.  If anything does happen remind him of those blue eyes and you think of Gabe’s green eyes.  Ok?”
Jo sighed. "Which part?"
Gabriel merely shrugged.  “I have a thing for anyone if they’re cute, you should understand that.”
“You and Jo were best friends.”
“I’m so excited for tomorrow!  I really hope Gabriel is that nice all the time.”
Dean eyes flashed red with anger.  “Are you saying you agree with my father?  Do you really think I’d run away like a scared little boy.”
“Is everything ok?”  Castiel asked with real concern.
“That’s a hungover Cas.  The aspirin should start working soon.”  Dean said while helping Castiel keep his balance as they walked together to the living room.
“Dad, the Impala’s my car!  You know how much I love that thing!  Ground me!  Kick me out!  Take away my phone!  But don’t give Sam my baby!”
"He doesn't like nicknames." Jo said before she could think. This earned her a glare from both Sam and Dean, Cas merely smirked.
“Yeah, people tend to miss a lot when they’re drunk.  They’re in the kitchen right now.”
"I don't know." Although he was in the car he was very far away, not quite there.
“Hey guys.  Sorry I’m late.”
Jo grinned at Sam as Dean walked away. "You're brother is just so charming." She said sarcastically.
“First of all, those are kids, kiddy porn is a no-no. Second of all, you do know there is more to me than just burgers, pie, porn, and hunting right?”
"I have to make sure you get in ok."
Bitch: Ok, be safe, don’t rush to get here.
“Joey shut the hell up.”
She ran right upstairs to her room and started balling her eyes out on the pillow. It wasn't until she felt her mother rubbing soothing circles on her back that she realized how loud she was.
“Why were you driving so fast?  Are you late for something?”
Before Dean could text back the police officer was back at his car.  “Listen son, you don’t have any other tickets so i’ll let you go with a warning but stop speeding.”
Dean dropped his phone and slowly rolled out of bed.  He didn’t know what his father needed but if he had to guess it was about this date he was about to go on.  He stepped into his fathers room slowly.  “You called?”
"Like what?"
Although what she said was true it didn’t take the anger away from Dean’s face.  “Where the hell is he.”  He boomed much louder than he meant to, he could see Castiel stirring on the couch.  He lowered his voice a little.  “Where the hell is he,” he repeated, “I am going to kill him.”
"Jo! Jo Harvelle."
Jo let out a loud sigh and looked over to Castiel who was still waiting for the beer.  Dean noticed her looking and got a little nervous.  “What, is it Cas?  Do you not like him?”
Dean looked at his father with both sincere concern and hope.  “Dad you’ll do fine.  You and Ellen have liked each other for years, it’s not like you’re just meeting some random chick for the first time.”
“It’s whatever.  I made pancakes want some?”
“Dean.” Castiel said suddenly deathly serious, “I love you too.”
Jo laughed at her mother calling Dean sweetie pie and Dean laughed at the thought of Ellen thinking of her daughter as an after thought.
I look over at the screen to see three children in a spaceship and I knew right then and there this movie was not for me. But I could see a joy and childlike innocence in Dean’s eyes as he watched, so naturally I sat down next to him to watch the movie.”
“Cas and I are going to hang out at his place.”  The doorbell rang just as he was saying that.  “And that’s probably him now.”
“What?”  Jo and Dean asked startled at the same time.
“You know, Jo, Cas doesn’t really…” Dean tried to help Castiel but Jo was having none of it.
“Cas would you shut up. I’m trying to watch this masterpiece movie.” Dean looked over with a small smirk on his face.
“But your cloth, they’re all wrinkled.”
“Of course.  If you guys need anything else feel free to call me over.”
“Yeah...yeah you’re right.”  His father smirked a little.  “So what are you up to tonight?”
Dean was able to sleep for about four hours before he was awaken by a hard hand shaking him.
Dean ran a hand through his hair and took a deep breath.  He’d been trying to figure out what to say for a while and had thought he found the perfect words but at that moment he too nervous to remember them.  “Well...um...I’ve been thinking lately and I was hoping that maybe I could meet Ben.”  He quickly added, “because I want to meet him, not because of any comment anyone made.”
Dean sensed it got a little annoyed too. "I don't know." He said with an attitude. "It was after you were done being a dick. I got drunk and Jo took me to get the tattoo."
“Why weren’t you?”
What should have been a twenty minute drive only took about ten minutes because Cas drove way over the speed limit.  Dean could be reckless at times but there was no denying Cas was the worst driver he’d had ever seen.  “Cas you really need to slow down when you drive.”
“Besides me, right?”  Dean didn’t mean to sound so insecure when he asked.
"Just go talk to her!" Ash said while trying to hide his annoyance at his last question. He didn't check anyone's card unless they looked really young.
“It might!”
Jo cut her off before she could go on. "So now you're grandson is odd?" She was very defensive over her son.
The rest of dinner went by smoothly, Jo and Dean were too embarrassed to steal anymore glance at each other, and nobody made any references to the obvious bogus gift they’d given Bobby. Dessert, sadly, didn’t go remotely as well as dinner.  It all started when Dean decided it was time to talk about the kiss.  Obviously he couldn’t do it there so he came up with a lie to leave, he asked his father “can Jo and I leave, we have business to attend to.”
"Shut up Dean!" Jo glared at him.
"Jo, come on, I didn't mean it like that."
"I want you to cum inside of me."
“You’re still cute, even blushing.”
Jo was walking towards the stairs holding Sam's jacket. "We?"
“Because I need it.”  She then proceeded to knock on the window.  She had her mom voice on.  “Castiel Jimmy Novak you get your butt out of the car before I come in there myself!”
Deans heart started pumping, Jo looked fantastic and he’d be lying if he didn’t say so.  This was wrong though, and he knew it, he shouldn’t be feeling or looking at Jo that way, he was with Cas, and happy.
Jo pulled her hand away from Dean and stopped walking.  “You’re not telling him just because you’re mad at your dad!”
“Cas!” The younger Winchester swerved the Impala into the other lane, and luckily for him there wasn’t another car on the road. “What the hell!”
I didn’t get to see his reaction but I could hear the younger Winchester trying to figure out what the hell that had been about. That made me chuckle as I popped back in on Dean.
"Thank you. So what have you been up since leaving Lawrence?"
“Yes…”  Jo said trying to see where this was heading.  Neither of them realized Cas was standing behind them.
“How so?”
“You have that tried sexy voice I love so much.  So you want to go to a movie but not watch it?”
Sam gave them both a bitch face. "it's not that funny."
"I'll take you right here if you'd like." He said still in dreamland.
Bobby deiced now would be a good time to speak.  “I’d hire Jo in a heartbeat, wouldn’t even have any interviews.  Best damn mechanic I know.”
Dean felt like he did when he went to the dentist and they put all that cotton in your mouth to make it dry.  Before him Jo stood in the same stunning light blue dress that cut off just above her legs.  Although her hair wasn’t straight like last time she still looked amazing in that dress, if anything wearing her hair naturally looked better than the straight hair.  Dean knew he shouldn’t feel jealous, it’s not like she had ever worn the dress for him but still he didn’t like the thought of her wearing it for some else.
The green eyed man jumped and glared at me as he replied, “shit Cas. I thought we talked about this. You can’t just sneak up on people.”
Dean cut her off. "I know, I know. We need to get a better story."
"Hi Sam. Long time no see." Ash said handing him a beer.
"Do you really think I'm that dumb Jo?"
“What the hell Cas?” Dean said as he shoved the shorter man up against the wall.
Sam nodded to Jo and started sprinting forward when he heard Dean say “I could take you and your brother in a fight any day.”
"Will do." Jo said smiling while taking a sip of her beer, she knew she had a job.
Dean sighed.  “I’m sorry Sam,  I don’t want you to feel that way,  it’s just I have to choose between being a father or keeping Cas.”
"I'm sorry." Castiel sighed. "I don't want to fight. Yesterday was terrible and everything got out of hand, and I don't want today to be the same. I just...I don't like the thought of you with
"The one and only. Got hotter right?" Jo could
“No, that’s Cas.  Always on time, I told him to get here at 6:45.”
She decided to wear her black tank top that stopped just before the belly button. She put on a tight leather jacket (that hid her new tattoo) and some tight skinny jeans. She wasn't trying to dress slutty, she just didn't have a
"I'll have the grilled chicken salad with a Sprite."
“What gift?”  Bobby questioned.
Dean suddenly felt like he couldn’t breath.  It took him several shocked minutes before he could respond.  “What...what... do you mean?”
“Well we were fighting about Jo.  We were young and it was before I met Cas but Jo and I got drunk and had a one night stand.  He was angry because I told him he was my first...which is kind of true...I was drunk and barely remember it.” Dean paused waiting to see if Gabriel was going to say anything, when he didn’t he kept talking. “It was both of our first time and we were honestly so young that we were too dumb to use protection, Jo got pregnant and went to live with her father and raise the kid.  You’re the first person, besides our parents, that i’ve ever willingly told.  Please Gabriel, I know you’re probably angry but don’t tell Castiel.  I want to tell him but i’m not ready yet, it needs to be done just right.”
“Because you two were perfect together.  I really did think you were going to get married.”
“Sure.”  She said overly cheerful.
“That plan isn’t terrible...but it’s illegal...what are the chances we’ll get caught, or that William will recognize us?”
"The last order is a Poor Dan Senior, but with no mustard, a small chili, and a hot chocolate."
"He's right though." Ellen said. "You are getting in trouble."
"Yeah but I already gave you one."
“Jo, this is what i’m talking about.  Best behavior.  That guy is my boyfriend and you know his name.”
Dean’s mouth got very dry as he muttered, “care to enlighten me on what I did?”
May 11, 2014 12:17 pm
Castiel sat straight up in bed.  “Oh shit!  Let’s go!”
“No.  I was just thinking about that kiss.”  As soon as Dean said it he wished he hadn’t.
“Hmmmm...what?”  Castiel asked, still very clearly asleep.
"Yeah but we could've left."
“Yeah. Now can we get back…”
“They are, he’s bi and kind of a douche.”
Jo crossed her arms, squared her jaw, and gave Dean a glare that answered his question.
"Joanna Beth!"
“Oh Ellen, Jo’s mom, said I could use her kitchen to cook everyone dinner.”
Castiel electric blue eyes narrowed as he looked into forest green ones. “You call me your huggy bear, your leave your hand lingering on my shoulder, you look at me with hunger as if you haven’t eaten in years. And in private, when you think I can’t hear you I hear you say my name. Worship it. And you dare to ask me what’s wrong?”
