“I went over to the sorority house a few days before she officially went missing. It was… weird. The vibe was off. I think Katie was bleeding? Angela had stopped talking to me since the animal thing started happening. I didn’t know why. Katie told me that Angela wasn’t home, but I went in and she was there. Just… standing. I couldn’t see her face. Everyone was crowded around her. Like, all of the girls in the house were there. I called her name but she wouldn’t answer. She wouldn’t even look at me. Katie was just like, ‘she doesn’t want to see you,’ and pushed me out. And then a few days later I hear that she’s missing.”
“Sam, I didn’t choose this life. Neither of us did. We’ve been doing this since we were kids. Don’t we deserve a break? To lead normal lives?”
Dean is jolted awake by the sound of applause. Cas nudges him, and Dean joins in - clapping enthusiastically with a few “woop”s thrown in. Cas gives him a judgmental side-eye glance.
Katie makes a show of pulling out the gun that she had taken from Sam, and putting it on the floor as well.
His eyes flash a sickly green, and opens his mouth to reveal rows of pointed teeth. Dirty claws extend from his fingertips. Dean’s eyes widen.
Dean’s heart is racing. Tears well in Olivia’s eyes. Her face is childlike - she can’t be older than 18. But she’s scared. The color is drained from her face, and she’s shivering. The gun is shaking. It’s as though the barrel is a coal-black eye - staring Dean down, taunting him. The eye of an old friend with a grudge.
“Good,” Jack says. He takes a deep breath, and places two fingers on Dean’s forehead. Jack’s eyes flash gold. Dean collapses to the floor.
Jason jabs his blade at Cas. Cas grabs his arm mid-swing. Jason’s blade clatters to the ground as Cas lifts him off the ground. He struggles to free himself - kicking and wriggling. His demeanor is that of a captured animal.
“I don’t know,” Dean says, lowering his voice again. “I don’t know what to think. He’s my best friend.”
Jason scrambles backwards, scraping his feet and elbows against the ground. Before he gets the chance to stand, Cas places a foot on his chest, pinning him there like a butterfly on display. Jason clasps his hand around Cas’ ankle and struggles to break free - Cas doesn’t budge an inch. Cas grips the angel blade tight in his fist. His knuckles are white.
Charlie links arms with Dean, and guides him to his feet. They walk arm-in-arm through the library, all the way to where the telescope sits. It’s just far enough to be out of earshot from the rest of the group. They sit on the steps.
“I’ve done it before, too. It’s great, there’s no lag,” Jack continues. “But this one time, when I opened the movie download, the screen went black. I had to reboot the computer, and when I did, the file looked the way it does now.”
The pine tree next to Dean lurches. It splinters mid-trunk. Dean doesn’t have time to react. The top half of the tree comes swinging down above Dean’s head, and its spindly tip crashes into a tree on the other side of the path. Their branches hook together. The pine tree is caught mid-fall, forming an arch over the path.
“Okay, I’ll call for help. I’ll get the first aid kit,” Sam says. Dean tries to protest, but he’s too weak. The words start in his gut and hold there, as if they’re being pinned there along with him.
With a click, the lock is picked. The brothers sneak into the house, and close the door gently behind them. Dean saunters through and flicks on the light.
“Cats are incredibly smart. She knows that if she gets ornery, we’ll try to appease her. It’s strategic.”
“I’m gonna start off with passive range of motion,” Jason says. “Nothing to do with building your strength - it’s just gonna help get rid of stiffness so you keep your flexibility. That okay?”
“WOAH WOAH WOAH, DE-ESCALATE! DE-ESCALATE!” Dean shouts. He puts himself in front of Castiel, blocking him.
Cas steps forward. Popcorn crunches beneath his foot. A breeze passes through, carrying leaves, causing the corn stalks to sway. It lifts the edge of Cas’ coat and rustles his hair. He sighs, and tilts his head.
Dean rushes down the stairs to greet everyone. He is bombarded by hugs and smiles and pats on the back, not to mention the paws of an attention-seeking dog. It’s chaotic and overwhelming. Dean is overjoyed.
“I’ll get you something to sleep in,” Dean says, entering his own bedroom. He rummages through the drawers. Cas slumps against the doorway.
“Well,” Roger says, lowering his voice. “I heard his old man collected cars - nice vintage ones. Rumor has it he sold them all, used the money to start fresh.”
“What, on how to get him back? I don’t know, Sam, why don’t we take a vacation to the Empty and ask for him back, nicely.”
“Sam?” Jack calls out. Nothing. Jack puts a hand on Dean’s shoulder. Suddenly, they’re in the kitchen. Sam is mixing something in a bowl. He’s covered in flour.
Dean pulls Cas forward and smashes his lips against his. Cas’ body goes limp in relief. He grasps Dean by his shirt, by his neck, and pulls him closer, deeper into the kiss. It’s messy and it’s desperate and it feels like a million years in one instance. It doesn’t feel real. It feels safe. It feels like home, and it feels like they never left. After an eternity, Dean pulls away.
“Cas, shut up,” Dean growls. Cas holds his breath. Dean takes a final step, just before him. Dean furrows his brow, and grabs Cas by the collar. Cas’ breath shudders.
“You’re not, though, are you,” Sam states. Dean doesn’t look at him. He just walks to the car, and gets into the driver’s seat.
“Howdy Sammy,” Dean croaks. The pain in his back is dull now, and he feels sleepy. It’s the kind of grogginess that one gets after sleeping in on a winter morning. Sam sighs in relief, and cracks a half-smile.
Fade in. Sam cradles Dean like a baby, stumbling out of the barn towards the impala. The jostle of each step is excruciating. Sam mutters something to him that sounds like words of comfort, but Dean can’t hear. Two hunters help out, holding the door open and guiding Dean’s limp body into the back seat. The cool upholstery is soothing against his cheek. In the distance, a dark figure stands and watches, waiting. Fade out.
"Cas, have you ever seen a lion chase a zebra?" Jack asks, leaning forward and pressing his fingertips together.
“I can give you an address,” she says, typing in her computer. “They’re at the Sigma Ta Delta house, just around the corner and down the block. One of them big yellow houses. Here.”
“It doesn’t sound like it,” Sam says. He stands up to get a look at Dean’s computer screen, at which Dean slams the laptop shut.
“Dean!” Charlie exclaims, emerging from her car. She slams the door behind her and goes to greet him, but she’s accosted by Miracle. She gasps in excitement, and crouches down to pet him.
Dean picks up his phone and passes it between his hands. Sam said Charlie would be in town today. He wonders if she’s still nearby. He considers it for a moment, then gives her a call. After a few rings, she answers.
“That was quite the accident you had. Your brother told me you tripped and fell on a piece of rebar while you were,” she flips through her notepad. “Playing baseball?” Dean flashes a look at Sam, who shrugs.
“What part of shut the fuck up don’t you understand?” Katie cries. “Rachel - show him what’s what.” Dean’s eyes widen and he clenches his jaw shut tight. Sam struggles against his restraints.
Dean starts to respond when he realizes that no, he can’t move. He manages to prop himself up on his arms, but his legs can barely manage a wiggle. He tenses his muscles, but his legs are too heavy.
“We should get you to bed,” Dean says, as Cas continues to kiss him, humming in contentment. “You’re human now, and humans need to sleep.”
Across the street, the door to the church opens, and Cas wanders out. He’s wearing his trench coat over a sky-blue sweater. Immediately confronted by the sun, he also shields his eyes with his hand.
“I know,” Jack says with a smile. “Dean was a victim of his own heroism. The hero of a story that demanded a tragic end. I had to circumvent that.”
“Well,” Jessica says. “In the original version of events, you give a long, beautiful speech about family, and die. And it’s super sad, but you go to Heaven, so it’s fine. And then, Sam, you get to live the rest of your life. You get married -”
“I don’t feel comfortable hurting a disabled guy,” Rachel replies. Dean rolls his eyes. He slumps back in the chair.
“Okay then,” Cas says. From inside his coat, he procures a small glass vial. He removes his foot from Jason’s chest, and crouches down next to him.
Sam clenches his jaw, trying to maintain his poker face. His chest tightens. He made the wrong choice of house. Sam takes a deep breath, then nods and stands up.
“SAM,” Sam hears in the distance. It’s faint, muffled, but undeniably Dean’s voice. Sam follows it to a doorway. Stairs to the basement. As he rounds the corner, he is met by the barrel of a gun, held by a girl - The same blonde girl who passed them by earlier.
“We’re working on the chapter on witches now,” Eileen says. “And we stumbled upon a spell that might help heal you.”
“Dean, watch out.” says a gravelly voice above him. Dean looks up to see Cas swinging his angel knife at something behind Dean. Dean ducks and rolls out of the way, but not before he’s showered with - blood? Something black.
It dawns on Dean how vulnerable Cas is, and that being vulnerable is probably not something he’s used to.
One of the girls, the one without the knife, comes up behind him with a metal folding chair and a coil of rope. She pushes Sam into the chair by the shoulder and ties the rope around his middle, ankles, and hands.
Sam wordlessly gets the scissors from the first aid kit. He crouches down behind Dean, and lifts up his shirt to get a look at the stitches.
They settle back into the embrace, fitting their faces into the crooks of each others’ necks. It doesn’t feel like there was anything before this, and it doesn’t feel like there will be anything after. They just breathe, and hold each other close.
“No, Manhattan Kansas, actually. A girl went missing last week. Turns out the college that she went to has a history of chickens getting stolen from their research center.”
"I thought the same, once, " Jack says. "Today I witnessed just this - a zebra chased down in the savanna, just escaping the jaws of a lion by a hair. I was elated. Until I saw the lion, return empty-handed and hungry to her cubs. She could not provide them food to eat, and because of this, one of the cubs starved. It was dead by the next morning."
“No, Fishburne. Yeah, Kansas.” Sam takes a sip of his coffee and coughs. The coffee dribbles out of his mouth.
Deans face drops. It’s not that Cas is stuck in the Empty. It’s not even that he can’t hear Dean’s prayers. He just doesn’t want to see him.
“Good,” Sam says mischievously. “Because it’s veggie bacon.” Dean opens his mouth and lets the chewed-up bacon drop out with a plop onto the plate.
Castiel strides down the stark while halls of Heaven, his heels clacking on the linoleum tiles. It's a dull, corporate scene that provides an air of structures and stability to the other angels. To Cas, it provides the emotional equivalent of nausea. This is the one part of Heaven that, since Jack's ascension to godhood, has remained mostly unchanged. The only difference is the glass windows are now plastered with inspirational posters. "Hang in there, kitty," says one, depicting a kitten hanging from a branch. Castiel is not a kitten, and so this does nothing for him.
“No, no,” Sam laughs. “Just, hunting as a brotherhood - or sisterhood! I feel like I barely know other hunters, and even when we work together it’s all so individualistic.”
“Dean?” calls out a breathless voice from behind him. Dean turns to see Jason, returning from a jog.
“I wanted to,” Dean says. “I wanted to and I tried and I could never get it out. Because I was scared. Because I’m a coward. I just let him -” Dean’s voice tapers off. “It’s not like I could now, anyway”
They arrive at the house. There’s a chill in the air - autumn leaves flutter through the wind. The impala parks, the doors open, and Sam and Dean stomp the leaves with a crunch into the concrete. They march towards the house.
“Yeah, two of them. A boy and a girl,” Jason replies. He repeats the extending motion on Dean’s other leg, then brings it up, gently stretching his hamstrings. “You got kids?”
Jack doesn’t join them. He doesn’t need to eat, so he stands off to the side, inspecting the objects on the shelves. Cas notices him alone. He places his plate on the table, and goes over to him.
Cas darts his eyes between the two of them. Dean’s smile fades. They spend the rest of the car ride in silence.
And then it does. It feels like slipping into a pleasant dream. It’s smooth, like drifting through warm water. It’s the sun, radiating on every patch of skin that had once been buried in the cold, wet desolation. It feels like being safe. It feels like being loved.
Jack makes his way over to the computer. He sits down and leans forward, squinting at the computer screen. He sniffles. He clicks a few times, drags, then clicks a few more times, darting his eyes between the screen and Dean’s corpse. Jack makes one final click.
“Weird thing is,” the officer leans closer. “The guy didn’t even take anything, and he didn’t leave a scratch on her or the baby. He was just there, in the nursery, and poof! Gone.”
Back at the bunker, things are tense. Night turns into day turns into night, and Dean refuses to say a word to Sam. It’s not Sam being overbearing that bothers Dean. What bothers him is the fact that he’s right. On a good day hunting is dangerous; On a bad day it kills you. But what if it does? That was always the plan, anyway. Going out in a blaze of glory. Or maybe it would have been better if he had bled out on that spike.
“I’m sure it’ll be fine,” Sam softly says to Dean. Dr. Khan presses a button by the bed, calling a nurse.
Dean’s ears are ringing. He can just barely make out the sound of Sam’s voice shouting on the phone. Sam yells something that Dean can’t make out. It’s muffled. Dean doesn’t remember it being so dark in here. His vision fills with static. It loses color. He fades.
Jack hands Jessica the bag of chips. He takes a step towards Dean. He looks determined. For the first time, looking at Jack, Dean doesn’t see a powerful monster or a tortured kid. He sees someone aware of his responsibilities. He sees an adult.
Dean heads to the back door, rolling over Olivia’s toes on his way. She whimpers. Sam looks her over with a mixture of sympathy and contempt. He opens his mouth to speak, his instincts telling him to comfort her. He decides against it, and follows Dean out.
Dean knocks firmly. A young woman opens the door, meekly. She’s blonde, with a slim face, and for a second, Dean’s heart lurches.  But he composes himself.
Dean can’t tell if he’s imagining it, but Cas looks different somehow. Handsome. It could be a certain flush to his skin that makes him look fervently alive. It could be the way his lips stay parted after he speaks, or the way the darting saccades of his clear blue eyes betray his air of steady determination. Or it could be that, for the first time, Dean is allowing himself to really look at him.
“You son of a bitch,” Dean exclaims. He pulls Cas into a bear hug, burying his face into the crook of Cas’ neck. Cas lifts his arms slowly, and wraps them around Dean. He grips him tight.
“It’s hard to explain. I just - I’ll show you. Come here,” she says. They waddle towards her. “Closer. C’mon. I don’t bite.” Jessica wraps her arms around them.
“No no no, don’t move me. Don’t move me,” Dean grunts. “It feels like this thing’s holding me together right now. Just give me a minute.”
“Crazy is good,” Sam says. “Believe me, whatever it is, we’ve seen crazier.” The woman looks at Sam, then back at Dean. She opens the door wider, and gestures with her head.
“You’ll find I work in mysterious ways, Dean,” Jack says with a wink. Dean’s eyes widen in disbelief. His eyebrows furrow.
“I’m doing just fine, Sammy.” Dean lifts the crowbar above his head and swings down, hard. It hits the box square in the middle and bends into a right angle. Dean inspects the dent, then tosses the crowbar over his shoulder.
Dean stares grimly into the distance, where Miracle is leaving an impressive turd. Before Dean can protest, Charlie envelops him in another hug.
“No, listen. You have to hear it,” Dean grunts. He grabs Cas’ face in his hands, looks him in the eyes. “I love you, Cas.” The corner of Cas’ mouth quivers. He cups Dean’s cheek in his palm.
Eileen slips back behind the metal door, leaving Cas and Dean alone in the alley, save for a few students milling around on the sidewalk. One of the people approaches them. He’s older than the others, and has black hair.
“Or something like that,” Dylan replies. “She asked me to teach her how to get into the animal research centers - we have a thing, once a year, where we make pledges kill chickens.”
“Doesn’t matter,” Jessica says. “You have a kid, you name him Dean because you’re adorable, you grow old and then you die! But afterwards you meet Dean in Heaven. Happy ending.”
Sam takes a moment to catch his breath. He leans on the table and gulps down water from a reusable bottle as Miracle rushes over to him and jumps up against his legs. Sam ruffles his fur. In the distance, there’s loud clanging - the sound of metal-on-metal. Sam sets the bottle down. He gently pushes Miracle aside and follows the noise.
“Like I was saying, she was Christian. I liked that about her - we had a similar perspective on what we wanted our lives to look like. It’s rare to find something like that, y’know? But then she started getting into some weird stuff.”
“If that story wants Dean to die,” Sam says, pointing at the computer. “And he keeps avoiding death, maybe whatever corrupted the file original file is still changing things.”
Dean pushes the hair out of Cas’ face, and firmly kisses his lips. When they part, Cas looks up at Dean with half-lidded eyes and a dopey grin. Dean swallows hard. He drags Cas to the hallway.
“I know what it’s like to feel like you’re only worth what you can do for others. To feel like you have to justify the space you take up. I always thought I had to prove myself constantly, to fight evil. And I did a lot of good by that. But this life has a way of beating you down, and I let it because I thought I deserved it. I thought my life would end by the barrel of a gun or the claws of some monster, and it would be a shame because someone else would have to clean up the mess. But you taught me that I was worth more than that. Cas, I should have done the same for you.”
“You must understand that if you make this decision, it will be permanent,” Cas says. “You’ll be human. You’ll age like a human, and you’ll spend the rest of your days here on Earth.”
Dean’s eyes open. The cool air stings and makes them water. He finds himself in a white room. It smells of disinfectant, mixed with the blood still lingering in his nose. There’s buzzing and beeping and distant chatter, and the sound of clacking footsteps on linoleum. The blinding assault of fluorescent lights is broken by a blurry, oversized shadow - Sam. He paces back and forth, combing his fingers nervously through his floppy hair. He notices Dean’s stirring, and comes rushing to his side. With that, his face comes into focus at last. Big puppy-dog eyes and a dumb expression of wonder.
The drive to a 24-hour diner nearby. A full moon shines overhead from behind thin, fleecy clouds. Other cars are sparse. Dean tries to watch the road. He tries. He looks over at Cas, who is staring at him with those piercing blue eyes. Cas doesn’t take his eyes off him. Dean tries to suppress a smile, but Cas can see this, which makes Cas smile. Dean furrows his brow, looking back at the road. This worries Cas, as though by smiling he broke some unspoken rule. That is, until Dean reaches out and places a hand on his thigh. Dean says nothing. He drives.
Sam comes home late one night, after a hunt. He’s covered in scratches, and his lip is bleeding. He’s been doing this lately - going hunting alone, returning to the bunker in a concerning state. Hunting alone is lonely. Life these days, in general, is lonely. Dean spends a bulk of his time at physical therapy, and he’s no longer there to accompany Sam on those long pre- and post-hunt car rides. Still, even when Dean and Sam are both home, Dean barely speaks to him.
After disposing of the werewolf’s body, they’re on the road. They arrive at the bunker in their separate cars - Sam and Eilene following behind the impala. Keys jangle, doors creak open and slam shut. They make their way to the front door of the bunker. As Sam fits the key in the door, a faint light emits from Dean’s amulet. Dean doesn’t notice at first, but he does notice Cas, looking nervously at his chest. Dean looks down and sees that the amulet is glowing.
“I didn’t come to ask for help,” Cas replies. “I came to say goodbye.” Dean looks at him in disbelief. It feels like a cruel joke, to be losing Cas again.
“Well maybe when Chuck opened the gates to hell, he got out. Maybe he manages to stay out, somehow.”
“But I thought premonitions like that were set in stone unless seeing it makes you change something.”
“I took on a few lectures, but I’m in charge of the training sessions,” Eileen says. She karate-chops the air.
“Yeah and Bobby got healed, by Crowley. I’m not about to give some demon sonofabitch a nibble at my soul just to walk again.”
Dean looks at Sam, and for a brief moment, his obnoxious little brother pokes through the facade of an overgrown, adult man. But it fades. Dean pulls Sam into a tight hug. He balls up his fists and presses his face into Sam’s shoulder. He pulls away, but keeps his hand clasped on Sam’s arm.
“I don’t think you understand,” Cas grunts. “This isn’t an order, it’s a courtesy. When I close those doors, it’ll wipe out every angel left on the planet. You included.”
Katie turns to Olivia, who’s curled up on the floor, crying now. Katie sighs, and undoes Sam’s ropes. He immediately picks up his gun and points it at her.
Sam and Dean walk into the house. Their house. It’s furnished differently, bits have been redone, but Dean can feel it. The last place where he felt safe, felt protected. It feels empty now.
“I’m telling you, we don’t know anything about this,” Sam says. “Even if he could bring her back, we don’t know where he is.”
The three of them shuffle into the back row. They sit. Dean flips the desk down, and leans his arm on it. He glances over the shoulder of the frizzy-haired student next to him. She’s scribbling on a notepad.
“I was trying to find Dean. It was here that I felt him the strongest,” Cas says. At that, Dean looks up, and sees Sam, flailing. His leg is trapped by one of the nothing.
Cas nods in acknowledgement, and makes his way to Jack's office. Like the rest of this section of heaven, the changes are minimal. Most starkly, the throne has been replaced by a collection of brightly colored bean bag chairs. Jack reclines, sunken into a blue bean bag, wearing a mauve t-shirt, on which are printed the words, "Not Today Satan”. His hands are folded in his lap. His eyes are distant, and glow yellow.
After they finish their burgers, they stay for another drink. Then they hit the road, chatting and laughing along the way. Dean had forgotten, throughout all the drama and heartache and fear, that Cas is actually fun to hang out with. Seeing Cas now, loose and ruddy-cheeked from the beer, beaming at Dean as he makes some dumb joke about a movie Cas has never heard of, Dean can’t help but love him.
Dean kneels to the floor, slowly. He glances at Sam, who has the demeanor of a man minding his business at a public urinal. He clasps his hands together.
“A 2005 Ford Fiesta, not to brag,” Jason replies, sarcastically. “I have a broken down 1972 Chevy Chevelle sitting in the garage, though. I’ve been meaning to get it fixed for ages - maybe I could go to you.”
Elsewhere, Castiel stands in a cornfield. The sky is bright blue above him, scattered with fluffy clouds. He crouches, and hovers his outstretched hand over the ground. A warm light emanates from his palm. Beneath it, youthful green leaves sprout from the dirt. Cas smiles. He slowly raises his hand, and a stalk grows, higher, until Cas is standing with his arm raised up straight and the stalk towering over him.
“More of a hunter’s manual,” Sam says. “How to identify monsters, how to trap them, and how to kill them.”
“I bet that guy in the trench coat he’s always got hanging around is his accomplice,” Bill continues. “It’s criminal activity, I’m telling you. How else would he get the money to start up a joint like this?”
There are only a few other patrons in the diner - a group of drunk teenagers, and a police officer. Dean and Cas sit on opposite sides of a squeaky red booth, where an irritable waitress takes their orders. Dean orders two of the most elaborate burgers on the menu, along with a couple beers.
“Nah, man. I don’t swing that way. Or, I mean, I guess I do but…” Dean’s voice trails off. Jason raises his eyebrows at him. “But that’s. No. That’s not why I’m here.”
“Of course,” Hannah says. She looks concerned, but she just picks up the baby and exits to the kitchen.
“No, it can’t be Jack,” Dean says. “He’s not like Chuck. He wouldn’t mess around with this type of thing,”
“This guy is supposed to be really good. I was reading about him earlier. People who were in a similar position as you, and fully recovered,” says Sam.
“That’s what I thought,” Sam says. “And, I mean, you saw how it’s gone with me hunting without you. If you’re not doing it, I don’t want to either.”
“I thought I made the right choice with Dean, leaving him incapacitated,” Jack says. “I thought that it would lead to his happiness.”
As this happens, there is an ominous crackle above them. Dean pays it no mind as he rolls forward towards Charlie and Miracle, but Charlie pauses to look up. There comes another crackle, louder this time, and the sound of shaking leaves.
“The last time I was human, the experience was colored by confusion and dejection. However, food,” Cas says, looking lovingly at the burger. “Food provided me with great joy.”
“Careful, it’s hot,” Sam says slyly. Dean crinkles his eyes in annoyance. He has a ringing in his ear.
“I’m serious,” Sam continues. “Charlie told me she’s working a case nearby, maybe she can come down after and spend some time here.”
Eileen, Dean, and Cas emerge through a door in the back of the room. It’s a makeshift classroom - navy plastic chairs with desks attached to the arms form rows of semicircles along the linoleum floor. There’s a sizable audience - mostly young. A projector hangs from the ceiling, displaying a powerpoint slide on the far wall, titled “Werewolves and Vampires: Cure?” and displaying a photo of a blood-filled vial. The corner of the projection catches on Sam, creating a filter of blue light over half his face. He wears a blazer over a flannel, and his hair is tucked behind his ears.
It’s evening. The sky is red. Sam and Dean linger by the car, across the street from the physical therapy office, watching as the last patients of the day leave. The parking lot becomes sparse as one-by-one they drive away. Dean trains his binoculars on the building. He can see people inside, but he can’t see Jason. Maybe it’s his day off?
“I have to finish what I’ve started. Of this much, I’m certain,” Cas replies, looking off into the distance.
“Well you, your husband, the baby - you’ve gotta stay out of here. At least for a week. We think this guy is dangerous, and he might come back.” Hannah clutches the baby tight to her chest.
“I heard your prayers but I couldn’t come right away. It was too dangerous. Believe me, every second in there, every second away from you, it was agony.” Dean takes another step.
“We wanted to do something special to celebrate,” Cas continues, taking Dean’s hand under the table.
“Exactly,” Dean replies. “I’m pretty sure he thinks that because he has more responsibilities now, that he’s all grown up. But he’s still just a kid.”
“Olivia, put the gun down,” Sam says, creeping towards her. Blood runs down her leg, seeping through the fabric of her jeans and pooling onto the floor.
“Next lesson is on ghouls - I want you all to read chapter 3 in your textbooks to prepare,” Sam calls out. His students are already packing up their bags and talking among themselves. Dean hops over Cas and Eileen’s laps and makes his way through the crowd.
“Cas…” Dean whispers to the empty space before him. He grips the armrests of his chair and pushes himself onto his feet.
Cas picks up the burger with trepidation. Dean is already chowing down on his own. It’s been awhile since Cas has done this. He takes a bite.
They head back outside. As they leave, a tall blonde college girl passes by. She slows, and looks Dean up and down. Dean smirks, to which her expression falls. She fast-walks away. Sam chuckles, and grabs the post-it note from Dean. They follow the receptionist’s directions.
"Before I would have said neither," Cas says. "But considering it now, I suppose I would prefer the zebra survive. Why should being weak or slow condemn a creature to death?"
“Are you doing okay?” Sam asks naively. He’s doing that voice he uses on cases, when talking to the families of victims - Faux sympathy in a soft tone, a milky sheen of innocence. It doesn’t work on Dean.
There’s a garage in the back - grey and concrete and lined with cars in various states of disrepair. Two employees huddle behind a red Volvo, hiked up on a car jack. One of them is middle aged - stout with a hefty salt-and-pepper beard. The other is young, gangly and freckled. They wear beige slacks and navy polo shirts, embroidered in small lettering with the words: “Winchester Auto.”
“Are you kidding me? Again?” comes a woman’s voice. The boys jolt in surprise. There’s a woman standing in the middle of the kitchen. She has sleek red hair, and a gaunt face.
“Excuse, Ms. Williams, is it?” Dean flashes the badge, Sam follows suit. “FBI. We’d like to ask you a few questions about a break-in that happened last week.”
Dean lifts the crowbar above his head and crashes it down against the box. It makes a thunderous bang. Sam cringes at the noise.
“I don’t know. What I do know is that it’s accurate. Or it was, until…” she trails off. “Look at this.”
“That doesn’t sound like a happy ending to me,” Dean says in disbelief. “I get killed by a random vampire? After everything, that’s what does it?”
It’s dusk. Sam and Dean sit in the Impala, eating burgers wrapped in greasy paper, gazing out the window at the house.
“Well you better, because it’s the truth,” she says. “I’m just here to collect your soul and bring you to Heaven. Simple job. But somehow, over and over, you keep getting so close to dying, and you live! Why are you edging me, Dean? This should be over with already!”
“Y’know, I know a guy who’s trying to organize classes on hunting here in Kansas,” Charlie says. “I could hook you up. You two could collaborate.”
And then they arrive at the bunker. Dean stands firmly near the stairs. Cas leans against the table. He looks like a lost puppy. The energy from that first hug, it’s gone now - drained. Dean looks serious, determined. Angry. Cas cowers.
Dean is back in his hospital bed. Doctor Khan is explaining something to him, but he can barely pay attention. He keeps playing the fight over in his head. He could have reacted sooner. He could have stepped to the side. He hears the doctor say the words “lucky” and “incomplete,” but the latter feels more accurate. She says that it’s a good sign that he has some movement in his legs, and that there’s reason to be hopeful. She prescribes pills. Sam is polite and understanding and it pisses Dean off. This whole thing pisses him off. He wishes he could stand up and march out of there.
“Hey Jack,” Dean says. “How’s it hanging? I know you’re probably really busy… y’know, being God and all. Sam and I just… miss you! It wouldn’t kill you to call every once in a while - Okay fuck this.” Dean slaps his hands down on his knees.
“I don’t care about the other angels. I care about Cas. I can’t have him gone forever.” Sam raises his eyebrows.
“Are you kidding? You’re really gonna leave me like this?” Dean roars. His hands grip the arms of his wheelchair. Jack notices the beer bottles, and senses that this was a bad time to drop in.
“Told you it was hot,” Dean retorts with a smirk. “This, well this sounds like a real case.” He’s beginning to get excited.
“Cas!” Dean exclaims. He grabs Cas by the coat and pulls him into an embrace, resting his face against Cas’ starchy, cotton shirt. It smells like grass and cedar. Cas runs his fingers through Dean’s soft hair, and rests his palm on the back of his head.
"Hello Cas! It's good to see you. Please, sit," Jack says, gesturing his open palm towards the red beanbag across from him. Cas reluctantly lowers himself into the chair. His knees come up to his chest.
“What are you doing -” Sam begins to ask, before locking eyes with Dean. Dean’s eyes widen and he rushes over, booting Cas out of the way. Dean points a finger at Sam.
“I did,” Sam replies. As if on cue, Eileen emerges from the hallway lugging a huge, leather-bound book. Sam rushes over to help her.
“For real. I can’t deal with another world-threatening cosmic threat,” Jason says, sauntering over to a nearby grey Ford Fiesta. “Back when the apocalypse hit, I had to miss a Vampire Weekend concert. Never again.”
“Thank you.” He swings the crowbar again, this time missing and hitting the concrete floor with a crack. Dust flies up. Sam coughs, covering his mouth with his sleeve.
“It’s not a bad feeling,” Dean says. “When I wake up in the morning, I expect to be alone. But there he is.”
Dean gestures with his head, and rolls towards the street. Charlie tries to push him, but he shoos her away and hands her Miracle’s leash.
“No - this thing writes about me, too,” Jack says. “But exactly what is written does depend on who the protagonist is, which I do have control over.”
“Heaven. For now,” Cas says, wading desperately to keep himself afloat. “I’ll come to you in due time.”
“Yes, will Hell’s consent. Rowena was enthusiastic when I proposed the idea. She said she liked having her, ‘boy toys’ at her disposal,” Jack says with air quotes.
An angel blade slips out of Jason’s sleeve. He grips his fist around it and punches Cas in the nose. A splatter of blood flies through the air as Cas stumbles back into the street. As soon as Cas steadies himself, he lunges back at Jason, throwing a punch that lands square in his jaw. Jason smirks, gearing up to throw another blow, when Cas grabs him by the shirt collar pushes him. Jason goes flying through the air, slamming into the ground about a yard back. Cas strides forward.
“Sort of, but… textbook level. All of the knowledge of The Men of Letters, plus everything we’ve learned ourselves,” Sam says. ”I figured all these resources, our knowledge - It could be useful for others.”
Cas doesn’t have a license. He can’t, because technically, legally, he does not exist. It’s the same reason why he and Dean don’t get married. It wouldn’t be possible Besides that, Dean shuts down any suggestion of a ceremony. “Why drag other people into it?” is Dean’s response. Sam, who spent upwards of 10 years being dragged into it, finds this point of contention ironic. Still, from time to time, Dean will refer to Cas as his husband, and Cas’ heart flutters.
“I was so scared when she disappeared,” Charlie continues. “I didn’t think I would see her again. I thought I had lost her.”
“Maintenance at Harvelle’s Roadhouse, construction worker,” Sam reads. “Car repair… proficiency in guns?”
Cas savors the last moments of the kiss, then pushes Dean away as if against his own will. Dean breathes in shaky, heavy breaths, and looks into Cas’ eyes. He tries to speak, but the words won’t come. There are none left to say.
“Sam, I fucked up,” Dean says. “He did it to save me. Billie was gonna get us and he - well he bit the bullet. I have to be honest with you, but I’ve felt like crap this whole time.”
Miracle bounds towards them and pounces on Dean, panting and letting his tongue loll out of his mouth. Dean mutters an affectionate greeting and squeezes Miracle’s ears. For a brief moment, he feels better. He cracks a small smile, but it quickly fades. He pushes Miracle off of him.
“This isn’t destiny, it’s bigger than that,” Jessica says grimly. “I don’t know how it’s even possible that you’re alive right now.”
“I learned, somewhere along the line, that there are things more important than Heaven,” Jason says, glancing back at the house where his family are inside, starting their morning.
Jason guides Dean to a room with large windows. There are a few other people there. Jason guides Dean to the end of the room, and helps him up into the therapy table. Dean sees a woman bouncing on an exercise ball.
“You guys should come over for dinner at the bunker,” Sam says. “We could catch up - It’s been too long.”
There’s commotion on the other end of the line. Sam hears Claire and Patience ranting to Jodie, talking over each other. Seeing he’s stopped walking, Miracle rushes over and jumps up against Sam’s legs with muddy paws.
“Yes, that poor dear,” the receptionist. “I didn’t know her personally. You might have more luck talking to her sorority sisters.”
“Well, you see how that goes and let me know,” Dean says. He pops a tape in the tape player and plays it too loudly.
“You - doing all this stuff for me. You’re my little brother - I’m the one who’s supposed to be taking care of you,” Dean says. “I don’t like that you keep coming home hurt, and I can’t do anything about it.”
Dean parks the impala in front of a bar – or what used to be a bar. The windows are boarded up. Graffiti covers these boards. Most of it is generic, name tags and drawings and the like, but towards the right, just below eye level, is a small, unicursal hexagram.
“There have always been guys on cases, who treated me... differently,” Dean explains. “Good looking guys, too. I used to think that what I felt was disgust - this rush of dread, this sick feeling in my stomach. But I think that was fear.”
They tip-toe in her wake through a dimly lit hallway and down a narrow set of stairs. As they descend, the light becomes brighter, and Sam’s voice becomes audible.
“Honey, don’t worry. He’s one of my patients,” Jason tells his husband. “Go back inside. This won’t take long.” Jason’s husband reluctantly closes the door.
“Beleth didn’t run off,” Katie says. “Someone was after him. He needed to become more powerful to fight him, and we helped.”
Dean gets used to the rhythm of things. Sam fits the bunker with ramps so it’s easier for Dean to get over ledges. When Sam is gone, Dean calls Charlie or Jodie or Claire. He gets lonely. Sometimes he calls Sam, too, just to bother him. He takes Miracle for walks. He spends a lot of time doing research for Sam’s hunts, but there’s a lot of time in the day, and he quickly learns that he needs hobbies. He starts playing a guitar he had laying around, one he bought a while back and never had time to play. It turns out there’s a lake nearby, so sometimes Dean takes Miracle out there to run free while he goes fishing. He’s brought home a few big ones, and the feeling he gets when he shows Sam what he’s caught feels almost as good as killing a monster. Sam always gets home bloodied or bruised, and inexorably tired, but he’s happy to see his brother happy. And Dean is happy. Almost.
“Then you do the dangerous bits,” Dean takes a sip of the coffee. Bitter. “I’ll knock on doors and whatever other crap there is. I’m not staying here.”
“Not exactly,” Jack says. “I did download malware on an ancient object manifesting itself as a computer. It was just… intentional.”
“What do you think?” Dean asks. Jason considers his position. Castiel is stronger than him. It’s not likely that he’ll win this fight.
“Good luck on your ghost hunt,” she chortles. “God, the things the government is willing to pay for, meanwhile I can’t get a good cup of coffee on company time.” The brothers nod, and thank her again, and leave. Sam glances at the paper. His jaw tenses. He huffs.
“Sam. I don’t think I’m going anywhere.” Dean tries to stay poised, for Sam’s sake, but he can’t help but wince.
It’s been two weeks since the scuffle at the barn. They’re in the bathroom, where Dean is sitting on the toilet seat as Sam rummages through the first aid kit. It’s time to pull out Dean’s stitches, and they’re not risking going back to the same hospital in case their insurance card fails and gets them in trouble. Besides, they’ve done this before - sewing up cuts with dental floss and whisky and picking them back out later. The first time Dean did it was Sam tripped and split his knee open while John was out. He had seen his dad do it on himself before, so Dean grabbed a needle and got to work, shushing Sam and telling him it would be okay. When John walked through the door that night, Dean’s blood was ice. John saw Sam’s knee, but didn’t mention it. Maybe that was his way of saying he was proud?
“Yeah it’s in the kitchen,” Sam says, glancing at the plate set out for Dean. Dean gives him a thumbs up as he turns and leaves. Sam follows.
Dean’s ears perk up. There’s a smell in the room - he should have known. Jodie retrieves a stack of pizza boxes from a chair and plops them on the table.
“It had been going really well,” Dylan explains. “She - we had disagreements. She said she was Christian and -”
There’s a knock on the door, which causes Dean to jolt awake. Still coming to his senses, he bounds up the stairs, skipping steps on the way. He swings the door open. On the other side stands Castiel.
And eventually Sam leaves. He moves in with Eileen. They start a life. Cas and Dean man the bunker. It turns out, however long he’s lived, Cas still has a lot he hasn’t experienced. So they start there. They eat new food. Try, and fail, to cook new food, together. They go for walks. They go on vacation. They visit Sam and Eileen. Sam and Eileen have a son. Cas and Dean have each other. Time passes.
“Did you notice anything about his eyes?” Dean asks. Sam raises his eyebrows at him, impressed by the subtlety.
“As a leader, I have to mend the errors of my predecessor,” Jack explains. “It was through Chuck’s neglect that demons came to roam the Earth in such high numbers. There’s a difference between non-intervention and compliance. Castiel taught me this.”
“Ah, the old Cable and Chill. Classy,” Dean remarks. “Things are getting pretty serious between you too, huh?” Sam suppresses a grin.
“I can make mac and cheese,” Dean says, patting Cas on the arm. He strides over to the car and opens the door.
“Okay, I gotcha,” Sam says, reaching to pull Dean off the rebar. Just the touch of Sam’s hand sends white hot pain shooting through his back.
Dean pulls himself to his feet. He walks forward, higher up on the hill, and with each step his boot sinks slightly into the muddy ground. There’s something looming in the distance - Something sturdy, the size of a skyscraper, obscured by the mist. Dean squints and it comes into focus. A figure. A person. Oil-black wings.
“Hello,” comes a cheery voice from behind him. He turns around, to see Jack standing by the door. Dean’s eyes widen, and his face lights up.
They stare at each other. Sam’s lips are pulled into a flat line, his arms are outspread. Dean sighs. He slaps his hands down on his legs, and turns so his back is facing Sam.
“I didn’t think the rumors were true,” Jason says. “Dean Winchester, destined to certain death. Written in stone, until it wasn’t.”
“Yes. The renegade angel suddenly wants us all to follow orders and come back home,” Jason replies. “Obviously I’m not going.”
Dean flinches, turning his head and scrunching up his face. But he’s okay. Olivia looks down at the gun in disbelief, and Dean snatches it out of her grasp.
“Cas!” Dean calls out again. Castiel watches as the fog sinks lower into the cityscape. He lifts his head to face Dean. His eyes are closed.
“Those were college students. Normal people. They didn’t know what they were doing. Imagine if it had been a demon or a vampire -”
“Hi Dean!” She says with a cheerful wave. She hands the book to Sam, who sinks under its weight. He plops it on the table.
“That’s where you come in,” Katie says. “You’re gonna bring us to the angel, and he’s gonna bring Angela back.”
“Well did you?” Dean asks. Cas smiles, and extends a closed fist. He turns it upwards, and opens it. Inside is a vial, full of grace.
Dean, Cas, and Eileen succumb to the flow of the crowd. They find themselves back in the alleyway, outside the bar.
Sam runs over to give Jack a hug, then hesitates, wiping the flour from his shirt. Jack wraps his arms around his torso and squeezes him.
They stop in front of a blue suburban house and get out of the car. It’s sunrise, and Sam barely gets a chance to appreciate the pink and yellow sky before Dean bangs his fist on the house’s front door. A man in a grey dressing gown, who is not Jason, opens the door.
“He must be trying to find us. And that took us here, somehow,” Sam says, leaning on the window ledge. “What went down before Cas went to the empty? Did he say anything?” Dean sighs.
Miracle keeps them company. With all the free time on their hands, there’s plenty of time to take her for walks. She gets more love and affection than a dog can ask for. Sam and Dean find time for recreation, time to breath. Sam takes up jogging, learns to paint- badly, but it’s something. Dean plays the guitar. They have movie nights, marathoning old westerns. Classic horror movies make their way into the pile too and, after all these years, they make Dean jump. Sam pokes fun of him, Dean showers him with popcorn. (They’ll have time to clean it off the floor). But underneath it all, Sam is worried, and Dean feels it too. Being idle - it’s wrong.
Jessica takes a seat in the chair, and trails her manicured finger across the laptop trackpad. She scrolls up - there’s a description of their breakfast, just moments earlier, only when it gets to the point when Dean choked on his eggs, the letters jumble and fractals of color streak across the page, obscuring the text.
“Things have been good,” she says. Miracle leaps ahead of her, tugging at the leash. “I get to spend a lot of time with my girlfriend.”
“Es stultior asino. Latine non est magicae. Lingua est. Sunt consecutiones quod attinet ad stultitiam. Ego dabo tibi dolor!”
“In my room,” Dean says, pointing. “Right there.” The door is closed. The two stand before it, and hesitate.
They pull up in front of the main University building. Sam tosses Dean one of two blazers. They put them on, covertly fitting knives, guns, and stakes in every pocket or seam. They go up the ramp and flash their badges at a student who lets them in. Sam saunters up to the receptionist at the front desk - a fat woman with curly blonde hair and thick glasses. Dean makes sure to stay slightly ahead of Sam.
Sam sets down his mug and decides to keep looking. He marches to Dean’s room and knocks on the door. Castiel answers. He’s wearing a robe, and his hair is wet.
“Dean, just let me -” Sam grabs the laptop. They both pull on it, but Sam manages to pull it away. He opens it.
Dean considers this point as Jason moves onto rotating his ankles. He’s conflicted. On one hand, Jack’s willingness to meddle in some affairs and not others is worrisome. Things playing out a certain way because God orchestrates it feels eerily similar to God sitting back and letting one thing lead to the next. On the other hand, it’s good that Jack is doing what he wants, not what Dean wants. John never gave Dean that luxury and, looking back, Dean may have been better off if he had taken it. Given the choice, maybe Dean actually would have become a mechanic.
Sam looks up at his student. He points at her inquisitively, and a smile grows on his face, and transforms into a wide grin.
“Excuse me, ma’am,” Dean says. “Agent Singer and Agent Kripke, FBI.” They flash their badges. The officer squints at the badges, then squints back at them.
“Oh, oh I know,” Dean hisses. He glances towards the door where Hannah left. “It’s Cas. It’s gotta be. He heard my prayers and now he’s trying to get through. Why here, well, who knows.”
“There’s something in my back. It feels like it’s right through me.” Like his entire insides are carved out. With every beat of his heart, his flesh contracts around the spike - torturous pulses that drain the life from his body. Sam touches the wound. When his hand withdraws, it’s covered in a glistening garnet red.
“Did you just kill him?” Sam asks in a panic, dropping to his knees beside Dean. He slots a hand under Dean’s nose and presses two fingers to Dean’s neck. Nothing.
Charlie leaves in the early evening. Sam and Dean offer to let her stay the night, but she insists - her stuff is still at the motel, and she wants to get an early start the next morning before she heads home. Sam escorts her to her car.
“SAM. Sam, wake up.” Sam breaths in through his teeth as he jolts upright, squinting at his surroundings, disorientated.
If Dean’s heart dropped before, this time it plummets. The color drains from his face. Sam straightens his back.
They sit together, huddled on the couch. Dean passes Sam the popcorn, but pulls it back quickly to take a handful for himself and shove it in his mouth. Sam scoffs at him and gently takes the bowl, watching Dean’s indulgent, puffed-cheek chewing. Dean is happy, for the first time in a while. The thought of Cas, the sting that comes with it, is mellowed. A kernel of popcorn gets stuck in Dean’s teeth.
The basement is dingy - certainly less pristine than the upper part of the house. Concrete floors and torn, faded wallpaper. Scattered about are a CD player, notebooks, and sticks. In the corner, a chicken hops around a dog cage filled with straw. A space is cleared out in the center, where a pentagram is drawn on the floor. In the middle of it sits Dean, still in his wheelchair, his arms tied in front of him. There are two other girls standing there - one stands behind Dean with a knife pressed up against his neck.
Sam comes home with a bruise on his cheek, a swollen nose, and a body that aches. Miracle greets him as he puts his stuff down. Following the noise of a TV, he finds Charlie and Dean on the couch together in the “Dean Cave”, watching Lord of the Rings. Charlie’s arms are wrapped around Dean, but she leaps up when she sees Sam.
Jack outstretches the bag of chips toward the group. Dean takes one, to which Sam gives him a dirty look.
“It was you and Dean - you were in a barn, it looked like, and this man, or monster I guess - he was wearing a mask that looked like a skull - he pushed Dean against something and it stabbed him, through the back.”
At the table, the others finish their pizza. The girls return to their game of poker. They beg Eileen to join them, but Eileen knows better.
“Dean Smith?” comes a silvery voice. Dean looks up. The man is tall and lean, with dusty brown hair, and wearing athletic clothes. He’s handsome, like the kind of guy they show jogging in antidepressant advertisements.
Sam glances at Dean. Dean is staring out the window, arms crossed. Reflected in his eyes are the white streaks of streetlights, zooming past.
It’s a few days later. Dean is alone in the bunker, once again, as Sam works a case a few states over. Dean is bored out of his mind. He’s been putting effort into his exercises at home, and they’ve been doing something, but not enough. He can stand for a few seconds at a time, but even then, he has to hold onto something. Looking for cases for Sam has helped pass the time, but it feels like online shopping with an empty debit card.
Castiel takes a deep breath. He puts his hands on the stem once again, his palm glowing, and an ear of corn grows, fitting itself into his grip. He plucks it and peels back a section of husk. The kernels are plump and golden.
But Jack isn’t alone. At the far end of the room, Charlie leans on a bookcase, next to Jodie and Donna. At the table, Claire, Patience, Alex, Kaia, and Jack sit around a smattering of playing cards. And of course, Miracle is there, barking like mad.
“We didn’t kill her,” squeaks Rachel through snotty tears. “It was her idea to summon him. Do you think we wanted this? She was our friend.”
“But, if all of the angels are going back to heaven, isn’t that a good thing?” Sam asks. “I mean, we tried and failed to do the same thing years back.”
“You’re here now,” Dean replies. Cas’ expression turns blank, stoic, but there’s a glimmer in his eyes.
“What did he say?” Cas replies, examining his work. He runs his index finger and thumb along the stem, and with it leaves spring into existence.
Cas is hovering over sam. The nothing has encased him, up to his face. It’s beginning to cover his mouth, and he’s struggling to breath.
“Jack you ruined the surprise!” Sam says, tramping down the stairs. Cas and Eileen follow like ducklings.
As this is happening, Dean fidgets. Sam notices this, but none of the girls do. The frayed ends of the knot hover just above his hands. He stretches out his fingers, straining. He pinches a strand between his index and middle finger, and pulls it down, his fingers climbing up the knot like a spider. He hooks his thumb through the knot and pulls it loose.
“What the hell? What’s wrong with my legs?” Dean looks frantically between the doctor and Sam. Doctor Khan’s expression is not reassuring.
“Somehow I don’t believe you,” Katie says, lowering the gun to point it at his feet. “But I know how to get the information I need.”
“Actually, Death now,” she clarifies. “There was a vacancy, thanks to this drama queen.” She gestures towards Cas.
“Well, Eileen and I have our book. Without hunting I’ll have more time to work on it,” Sam says. “What about you two?”
A boy seated in front of them turns around and shushes them. Dean rolls his eyes. He settles into his chair and leans his face on his fist, eyes glazing over. Classroom learning was still as mind-numbing as he remembered. As his mind wanders, his eyelids grow heavy, and he doses off.
“We patched up the injury for you while you were unconscious, with your brother’s consent,” she continues. “There are stitches that you’ll have to come back and have removed in two weeks’ time. In the meantime, we put you on morphine, so you shouldn’t be in too much pain, but if you think it’s bad we can up your dose. I’ll also prescribe an oral painkiller for when you’re discharged.”
“Sam and I are working on something together, actually. All of this -” Eileen gestures at the table “- is research for a book.”
Cas crouches down so he and Dean are eye level, and cups his face with his hand. Cas smiles. Wind rustles the trees as he and Dean stare into each others eyes - Dean searching, Cas in admiration. Cas leans in and kisses Dean on the forehead, gently. A soothing, familiar feeling washes over Dean. It starts from his forehead and spreads through his whole body, down to his toes. And then Cas is gone.
But eventually he is rolled out. Outside, the stars twinkle, and cool air brushes against Dean’s face. It smells like wood burning, and stings his nose. A smattering of lamp posts illuminate the cracked gravel of the parking lot. Sam helps Dean into the passenger seat of the impala - manhandled again. Dean doesn’t want help, but he gets it. Soon they’re on the road.
“HEY-” Dean starts. Sam stammers, but he realizes there’s no point. He rolls his eyes and hands it back to Dean.
“Cas,” he continues. “Whatever’s going on, we can help. We’re here now, and we miss you. Just, ghost-appear like you did in front of that lady, and maybe we could talk. Please.” Silence. Dean buries his face in his hands.
“Nothing, I just thought - I thought maybe I would feel something here, but I don’t. It just feels like any old house.”
The group is silent for a moment. They reflect. Cas tentatively eats his eggs. The fork feels awkward in his hand - he grips it in a fist, but the eggs are flimsy and break when he tries to stab them. He manages a bite. They’re soft. He chews, although he’s not entirely sure if that’s necessary, and swallows. Next to him, Dean gags, gripping the table.
Cas uncorks the vial. He places his fingertips under Jason’s chin, tilting his head back just so, and positions the vial against his blood-stained lips. From Jason’s mouth, a white effervescent smoke emerges. It flows out of his mouth, swirling into the vail. As the last of it escapes, Jason falls back. Castiel returns the cork to the vail, and stashes it away in his coat. He places two fingers on Jason’s forehead. His wounds clear up. Cas extends a hand. Jason accepts it. Castiel helps him to his feet.
Dean tosses on a stiff black jacket on his way out. It’s one of those days where the air is cold but the sun is oppressive. He squints in the sunlight, and the corners of his eyes wrinkle. He pulls a phone out of his back pocket and makes a call.
“Cas, do something! Heimlich!” Sam shouts. Cas stands and positions himself behind Dean. He wraps his arms around Dean’s middle and gently squeezes, to no avail. Dean rolls his eyes, and Sam pushes Cas out of the way. Sam performs the heimlich maneuver himself. Dean croaks as Sam’s arms repeatedly lift him off the ground. With a final tug, the slimy blob of egg soars through the air and lands with a splat on the tile floor. Sam releases Dean, who steadies himself on the table, gasping for breath.
“Sorry Sammy,” Dean says, and punches the black mass. It shudders, and melts away. Sam gasps for breath.
“No, I’ll be right up,” Dean says, hanging up the phone. He grabs a coat, and Miracle’s leash, and heads to the elevator.
“Well I’m heading out early,” Dean says, raising an eyebrow in suspicion. “Roger, you’ll make sure the place doesn’t burn to the ground?”
“Is Sam here? I’d like to see him,” Jack says, changing the subject. He opens the door and wanders out into the hallway. Dean follows in suit, aggressively.
“Dean this isn’t our house, I don’t want to damage the walls.” Sam rips a piece of paper from the pad and hands it to Dean. “Here, put this up.” Sam throws him a roll of tape. Dean sulks and rolls his eyes.
“Well it was built to have more people in it,” Sam says. “I sometimes wish it was still like the old Men of Letters days.”
Dean wonders how long it will take to get to Heaven this time. As each second ticks on he waits for that tunnel of light, ready to sprint. At this point he’ll settle for no goodbye - He’s given enough already to last a thousand lifetimes. He just wants the pain to stop.
“You were dead,” Jason tells Dean. “I felt the wind change. The clock turned back, the ashes reassembled. What happened had no longer happened, and somehow, you, were alive.”
“Well thanks for that,” Dean says with a sarcastic crinkle of his eyes. Jack ignores him, and walks over to the flour-splattered counter. He draws a smiley face in the flour with his finger.
“Finally, a real case!” Dean exclaims, slamming his fist down on the table. He takes a victorious swig off coffee and spit-takes.
There’s an auto-shop in Lebanon, Kansas. It’s just off of a main road, so it’s easy to get to. It sits across from a church, wedged between a faded laundromat and the small, cream and brown house of an elderly widow. Strips of green grass frame the parking lot - a vase expanse, coal black from recent repaving and divided with stark white lines, where a 1967 Chevy Impala glistens in the sunlight. The shop itself has wide broad windows all across the front that expose a modest waiting room, lined with leather chairs and stacks of chunky tires. A bell jingles whenever anyone enters. Led Zeppelin plays softly on the overhead speakers. They’re connected by a jumble of wires to a cassette player behind the front desk – Apparently, the owner is very particular about their music.
“That was indeed very gross,” Cas concurs, chewing contently on his own piece of veggie bacon. Dean straightens his back and keeps eating his eggs.
Dean and Sam take a seat on the couch. Hannah comes out of the kitchen with a plate of cookies. A fat baby sits in a high chair in the corner. It looks at Dean in judgement. Dean is taken aback, offended. Hannah sets the plate down and takes a seat across from them.
Dean gives him a thumbs up. Jason cradles Dean’s calf in his arms and lifts it gingerly, bending it at the knee and bringing it close to Dean’s chest, then back out. Jason’s expression is focused but tender, his tawny eyes turned downward.
“Kids always think they’re more grown-up than they are,” Jason replies. “But it’s good for them to make their own choices, no matter how much we as parents want to step in.”
“Well don’t!” Sam says. He throws the first aid kit down on the counter. “You’re so obsessed with protecting me, it’s pathological.”
“Dean, what does one bring to a potluck?” Cas asks. He looks left and right, then jogs across the street.
“It’s just a flesh wound,” Dean says with a weak grin. He glances around at the machinery and tubing attached to him. He tries to push himself up, and instantly regrets it.
They head out the next morning. It’s a long drive to Manhattan, but not worse than anything they’re used to. They pass low-top houses and empty fields - miles of dull yellow and green, scattered with the odd patch of anemic trees. It’s sunny at first, but clouds creep in overhead as the hours pass. Telephone wires up soar and dip. Dean traces them with his eyeline. There’s not much to keep his mind occupied, save for the music (Fleetwood Mac. Sam’s choice.) They pass a scrapyard, the odd stray tire, old trucks, and rusty warehouses. A few grazing cattle are a highlight of the trip. Eventually the streets become shorter - more residential, with more trees. Young people stroll along the sidewalks.
A moment later Sam is helping to lift Dean from his bed, his legs sliding across the hospital sheets, and being deposited into an ugly hospital wheelchair. He hates being manhandled like this, but there’s not much he can do. Not before long he’s inside of a clunky, whirring machine. There come flashes of bright light and the loud thunk thunk thunk of the magnet. It sounds like the hollow beating of wings. He thinks of Cas.
“That’s not what I’m talking about,” Jason says. His expression fills with curious wonder. “You don’t know, do you?”
“Katie, listen, we don’t know what happened to your friend,” Sam reasons. “You said you’re looking for her, right? Well so are we. If this Beleth guy possessed her, he’s probably run off with her body. We can help.”
There’s commotion outside the house. The door opens. Hannah emerges with the baby in her arms, her husband behind her with suitcases in hand. Clambering, they pack everything into the car, shut the doors, and drive off.
The metal door opens and Sam and Eileen come out, chatting and blissfully unaware. They see the body on the floor. Their faces drop.
“Well, it means I’m now a feeble shadow of the man I once was. I have no powers, no strength. I’ll age, and eventually die, and I’ll waste much of that finite time sleeping, or worse yet, urinating,” Cas says. “But I think I made the right decision.”
“And then, I don’t know,” Castiel replies. He looks back at Dean. “I had a plan, before, but things are much more complicated now.”
“This whole time,” Dean mutters. He paws at Cas’ coat, at his hair, as if feeling to make sure he’s really there.
Dean tears a page from the magazine. He folds it into a paper airplane, lifts it up, and shoots it into the air. It floats for a second, then comes crashing down. Sam chuckles. Dean tosses the magazine aside and slumps into his wheelchair, crossing his arms.
“We weren’t able to access your records - have you received your tetanus shot or a recent booster shot?” she asks. Dean sucks on his teeth. He had been vaccinated, once... And then he died, and came back, and then died again a few times. Who knows what that does to a person’s immune system. He really isn't sure.
“Everything I said, I meant. But that wasn’t fair to put on you. Not like that. I know that. I’m sorry. And everything before,” Cas continues. Another step. “I don’t want-”
“Good,” Dean says. He gives the car a once-over, and points at the scratch. “Billy, you’re gonna have to buff that out.”
Sam goes and picks up lunch from a local deli. He brings back a sandwich for Dean, who is still sitting in the same spot when he comes back. Sam offers him the sandwich, but he refuses, saying he isn’t hungry. The day goes on. Dean passes some time reading, then getting bored of reading. He paces around the room. He does push-ups, He bounces a tennis ball against the brick wall. Every so often, the thought creeps into his head - maybe Castiel isn’t coming back. Maybe he’s back in Heaven already. Dean brushes those thoughts aside. Eventually it becomes night, and eventually Sam goes to sleep, but Dean stays awake. He stays awake until his eyes become heavy, and blinking feels like a relief. His blinks become longer, until eventually he blinks for too long, and he’s asleep - face down on the desk, resting on crossed arms.
“You don’t need to prove yourself to me, man. You’ve already done enough. I don’t need your help or your loyalty or your sacrifice. I don’t even need you here with me. But I want you, dammit, and that should be enough.”
Sam takes a seat next to Dean. He sets the laptop down on the table, opens the laptop back up, and starts clicking and dragging and typing.
With a flutter of wings, the space beside Dean is empty. Dean inhales, looking around to find himself alone. He runs his hand over the grain of the dock where Cas had sat - still warm. He picks up a piece of glass and chucks it into the lake.
“I don’t get it, why would an angel be working at a place like this? Or at all, for that matter?” Dean asks.
“Jack, I almost have it. Stay still,” Cas says, his thumb inching closer. Jack scrunches up his face.
Dean leads Cas. They round the corner into an alley, sidestepping an overflowing garbage can, and come to a dented metal door. Dean knocks rhythmically. There’s a clunk, and the door creaks open. Eileen pops her head out.
“Cas is right,” Sam says. “If the universe is hell-bent on killing you, I don’t want to find out how far it’ll go.”
Dean barely gets those last words out before Cas is kissing him. He clasps Dean’s face in his hands, stubble scratching his palm. It feels natural, as though they’ve done this a thousand times. Dean tugs Cas closer, desperately grasping at his collar and his hair, trying to close a gap that’s already closed. Warmth radiates against Dean’s face. Cas is glowing. There comes the sound of shattering as the street lamps explode, sending shards of glass raining down in every direction. Dean doesn’t even wince. He just keeps kissing Cas until he is forced to come up for air, and then kisses him some more.
“Friggin awesome,” Dean replies. He straightens his blazer, sniffs, and makes his way towards the door.
In the car ride home, Dean feels surprisingly better. By the end of the session, he already felt the strength in his legs returning - He was able to keep them lifted up for a lot longer, and when Jason helped him back into his wheelchair when they were done, it wasn’t the awkward and stumbling like it usually is - to a certain extent, Dean was able to hold his own.
“Cas,” he says. “Where the hell are you. Get your ass over here.” He looks up. Nothing. Sam looks at him incredulously. Dean huffs in annoyance.
“To tell you the truth I’m getting a little sick of people asking that,” Dean replies. As soon as he says this, he feels guilty for being unfriendly. Something about this guy makes him want to make a good impression.
“No. But, they’ve got me on some great pills so - who knows,” Dean replies. Jason nods along and smirks.
“We’re investigating some strange occurrences in the area. People popping up where they’re not supposed to - that sort of thing,” Sam says. The officer scoffs.
A few days later, Dean and Sam are sitting in the bunker, scouring the news like they normally do, looking for potential cases. Fast food wrappers and a couple empty beer bottles are scattered across the table. Sam finds a couple weird news stories - a two headed snake, some lady claiming to have birthed an alien baby - nothing up their alley. He tries to do research for his book instead, but he gets distracted by Dean’s furious typing.
Dean grabs Rachel by the arm. He pulls her down, disarming her and putting the knife to her neck. Katie aims for Sam’s feet. A bang. She misses - the bullet ricochets off the ground. Sam looks down, expecting to see blood. It hits Olivia in the shin. She screams.
Sam is finishing up his breakfast in the library - pancakes. Across from him, a place is set: fork, knife, plate covered with another plate. Dean enters the room, and Sam stands. He tries to help him to the table, but Dean shoos him away.
Dean tries desperately to convince himself that he’s fine. Of course he’s fine - How many times has he come a hair’s breadth away from death and survived? How many times has he been bruised, broken, torn open, and shredded? He’s no stranger to this. Then again, how many times has that survival relied on some cosmic intervention, by luck or by God or by Cas? There’s no one here to save him now. No one but Sam and his desperate, scrambling attempts to stop what is already in motion. The reality of Dean’s situation sets in.  There is no coming away from this. After everything, he’s going to die here.
Dean is answered by a smell. It weaves through the corridor, and embraces Dean before it’s source even enters the room. Dean recognizes the feeling the smell gives him before he even realizes what it is. It’s the same feeling he got when his mother’s mitted hands would open the oven, and he would be caressed by that wave of warm air. And that memory is what would comfort him when he and Sam found themselves at a dinner at the end of a long day, bruised and beaten-down, blood still caked under their fingernails. But Dean almost doesn’t recognize it, because, though the feeling it gives him is the same as it always was, this time it doesn’t conjure the memory of his mother. Instead, it’s the sight of his brother, setting the warm pie down on the table. It’s the feeling of Cas’ hand holding his own. And, at last, the thought of family is not a far-off dream, shielded behind time like a precious jewel in a glass case. It’s present in that moment, in the slice of pie sitting before him, and the people gathered around him.
“The sorority was really slacking on their philanthropy. Not their fault, but the money just wasn’t coming in,” Dylan explains. “Well, sorta their fault. I tried the muffins - they weren’t great. It was no big deal. But then Angela started acting… differently.”
“I wouldn’t dream of it,” Sam replies. “But for real. You can bring your girlfriend too next time. It’s nice to have other people around. The bunker can get quiet.”
The boy on the right raises his hand. He has a round face and scraggly brown hair. There are circles under his eyes.
Sam enters the house. It’s humid and smells like body spray. He squeezes past a bicycle in the hallway as the young man leads him into the living room, where two other boys are hunched over on a ragged brown couch playing video games, accompanied by an upbeat soundtrack. When Sam walks in, the boy on the right slaps the other on the shoulder with the back of his hand.
“Okay - You said closing the doors to Heaven would kill the angels left on Earth, right? There’s no way Jason could stay on Earth as an angel.”
“No, you don’t have to - it’ll decompose!” Dean says. Charlie doesn’t listen. She backs up towards the tree, swinging the blue plastic bag around like a lasso.
“That’s pretty forward, even coming from you,” Dean replies. He continues looking through the drawer, trying to conceal his rush of adrenaline elicited by the question.
“Lucky? How is this lucky?” Dean roars. “I’m out of commission Sammy. My damn legs don’t work. What am I supposed to do, roll over a werewolf’s toes?”
“It doesn’t feel real,” Dean says. “Sometimes I tell him I love him just to hear him say it back. Just to make sure.”
And eventually, Dean dies. Not too young, but the cheeseburgers were to blame. He still got further than he ever thought he would. Sam is there, and it’s agony. Cas wants to heal Dean, but it’s okay. Dean stops him. He’ll just get older anyway, and he’ll never look this pretty again. It hurts. Cas knows Dean will be okay, but it still hurts. He grips him tight. And Dean fades.
“Cas let it slip that you were coming to surprise Sam today,” Eileen says. Cas looks at his shoes. Dean shoves him playfully.
The walk into the bunker arm-in-arm. Dean is mostly sober, but Cas has a low tolerance. They hobble down the stairs, footsteps clanging. Dean steadies himself on the railing as Cas weighs him down. Once they get down the stairs, Cas pulls Dean’s body close against his. He nuzzles his head against the crook of Dean’s neck and kisses him just beneath his jaw.
“Cas,” Dean grunts. It’s deep into the night, he’s sitting at the edge of his bed, and he’s surrounded by empty bottles. His hands are clasped in front of his bowed head - snug in their grasp is a jacket, a handprint seared on its shoulder.
Cas stands in the middle of the street. He looks exhausted. Hair is plastered to his face. Dean approaches him.
“Look,” Jason says. “I have a family. I have kids. Just because Castiel is friends with the new God doesn’t mean he can boss me around.”
“Okay,” Sam sighs. He slaps his thighs, turns on his heels, and jogs up the stairs, clanging on the way. The door opens. The door shuts.
“Yes,” Cas says. His eyes are dazed, with deep circles beneath them. He looks like he’s barely managing to keep himself upright.
“Yes. God, yes. Ever since I gripped you tight that first time, yes,” Cas whispers. He rests his head on Dean’s chest.
“Do you have any information on the animals reported missing?” Dean asks. “Chickens, horses, that sort of thing.” The receptionist shakes her head and tuts.
“You guys, I thought. But if not you, I have no idea. Like I said, very few people have access to this room.”
“I thought you called me to catch up. Why do I feel like I’m being used?” Jack says. Dean’s face drops.
“Okay, so you said you could make it so we’re not the protagonists anymore, right? Maybe that would work?” Dean suggests.
Cas’ hands glow a buzzing red. The corncob explodes. They are showered in popcorn. Cas looks around, embarrassed, and composes himself.
“He didn’t tell me - No, Patience, I called for help. Other hunters came. We took him to the hospital. He’s home now.”
“I’m telling you - I looked him up on the web - no sign of him, nothing. Roger, it’s like he didn’t exist before this year.”
“Cas, I need you to hear me. I don’t know if you can hear me I - I don’t know what to do. Since you left, since you sacrificed yourself, I can’t live like this. If I had known, I would have stopped you. I should have stopped you.” Dean is shaking. He grabs the beer bottle next to him, takes a final swig, and smashes it to the floor.
"You can't. That's the challenge,” Cas says. He can see Jack’s frustration. “But the fact that you're asking these questions is good. That doubt gives me faith in you."
“You’re on your own kid,” Dean tells Jack. In the blink of an eye, the top box is flipped open and Dean is munching on a slice.
The woods neighboring the bunker are perfect for a dog, but the desolate quiet is perfect for Sam. He’s still uneasy from the car ride back from the hospital, from Dean’s anger. Sam knows that Dean feels hopeless, and since Dean tends to let his emotions burn hot, that hopelessness necessarily turns into frustration. It’s no wonder Dean lashed out - that frustration needs somewhere to go. Sam reminds himself that Dean is probably just as angry at himself as he is at Sam, if not more. Sam, on the other hand, is still in the problem-solving phase of adversity. Maybe it’s out of relief that his brother is still alive, and by such a narrow margin, but hopelessness has not yet managed to sink its claws into him.
