“At first it was just like I thought.  Buncha nerds trying to sell their souls for X-ray vision or whatever, arguing about what they should ask me for, like I'm some kinda genie, like I'm gonna give ‘em three wishes.  And I was just waiting, waiting them out, it was almost kinda funny. But then I got your texts,”
“I been talking, Sammy, you just haven't been listening.”
, Castiel thinks, coming for Sam while Castiel is
Cas eats the rest of the cheeseburgers one handed, because Dean is holding his other hand and won’t let it go.
The screams calm the memory of the panic Castiel held in his heart when he felt Dean be stabbed through the bond.  They calm the memory of Dean’s anger, his fear and anguish.  Eventually, they calm Castiel enough that he can show some small mercy.  If he did not have a task, given him by Dean, this mercy would be death.  Death for the cultist, and an end to his pain.  But the Master asked something of Castiel, regarding this cultist.
“You like this,” Castiel whispers, and brushes his lips against Dean's.  “You like it when I’m gentle with you.”  He presses soft kisses to Dean’s neck, and shoulders, his chest.
But he knew, even so, that when Dean pulled him down onto the grass, their bodies were unaligned, not close enough:  Castiel was hunched over Dean’s side, still cross-legged in the grass, Dean laid out beside him, not touching anywhere but his arms on Castiel’s back, his lips on Castiel’s lips.
Lucifer lapped at the tears in Iblis’ skin, more gently than he had ever touched Iblis before, and power surged down his throat.  Iblis leaned in to him, leaned in to what he thought was Lucifer’s care, and threaded his hand into Lucifer’s hair, eyes closed, breathing deep.
it.  He loves it that Dean wants him, like this.  He loves that it is hard, and sharp, and that it is going to hurt him sweetly tomorrow.
He doesn't have to wait long to find out.  Dean is ready now.  Destroying the cache emptied him out.  Of his anger, but also his resistance.
“I will ward you from humans, from stranger and brother.  I will ward you from angels and demons and their masters.  I will ward you from the old gods, and the new; their worshippers and their messengers.  I will ward you from the sun, and the sea, and the night sky.  There is no one, there is no power, that will be able to call your name, and command you.  There will be no one that can take you, from me.”
That's so long.
Dean peers at him, knowing. His voice is low, baiting, and his mouth curls when he replies, teasing: "He imagines my tongue in his mouth. He imagines me on my knees, at his feet."
Sam’s heart drops.  “What about Dean?  Is he ok?  What’s happening?”
“It means… duty.  To the Father, to the Host… but right now, to you.”
“My grace, Dean, it's on fire.  You lit it. Your mouth.  On mine.  It's so bright, inside.  Bright and hot, for you.  Shining, just for you.  Shining.”  He realizes he's babbling and he tries to pull himself back on message, because there is a critical message here that he does not want to get lost.  “Don't stop, Dean, please, Don’t stop, don't stop.”  He clings on, tight as he can, his fingers slipping on sweat-slick skin, digging in to Dean's back.
.  Ordered by Dean and Castiel, and carried out by the demons waiting in front of the dias in their true forms.  Castiel shivers.
Castiel nods, slowly, though Dean can't see it with his eyes still closed, head still tilted back.
There is an awkward pause between them, as they imagine what this will entail.
“Dean’s throne room.”  Castiel answers.
Dean turns onto his side, slowly, carefully, and holds himself up on one elbow, so he can watch Castiel weave his crown.  Castiel’s hands are strong and sure, his fingers deft and gentle on each stem, each petal, as he weaves.  Dean is mesmerized.  He has always loved Castiel’s hands.  He has always imagined what they would feel like, on his body.
“I’m sorry, Dean,” Castiel says, but he doesn’t sound sorry.  He doesn’t sound like anything.  He sounds like he has turned to stone.
And he does.  He stays there all night, and late into the morning, by Dean’s side, fingers on his stomach and nothing more.
Dean is silent for a long time, thinking.  When he speaks again, he says:  “I know what we need,”
“About why he might have moved the Jag out onto the street and filled its space in the garage up with hay?  Hay and… something… else?”
“Ok Dean.  It's ok.”  Castiel smiles, and weaves his fingers into Dean's hair.  “I'm not cold, anymore.  Because of you.”
“I--”  Cas swallows over the line.  “It’s complicated, Sam.  I’ve… been through a lot.”  Cas is reluctant to talk about his Fall, it seems, and Dean thinks that’s smart.  There’s no way Sam will believe that Cas’ Fall is a positive, nor that it was Cas’ choice.  “I was… unwell for a while, but Dean helped me.  It is Dean you have, Sam.  He helped me, but I’m not completely well yet and… I need him, Sam.  I need him back.”
Dean lay there, underneath his diamond angel, and he could imagine, could imagine too well, what the price of those bright eyes might be. It might be too high, far too high.  Those eyes could have been shining out at Dean while Castiel was being torn apart by darkness inside, strips of sharp darkness slicing him and cutting him deep while he cried out for Dean to save him.  Castiel could have been
(See the end of the chapter for
He screams.
That’s not what happens.  If Crowley left any of his creatures, witches or hellhounds or other, spying on Castiel in the armory, they are dead now.  Because a flash of holy light explodes off of Castiel’s wrist, where Raphael’s halo sits, so bright that it seems like it should sear shadows permanently into the walls.  So bright it would blind Castiel, if it didn’t also invade his eyes and change them, make them more and better than they ever had been before.  So bright it would burn him, if it didn't soak into his skin and make it enduring and hard like platinum.
Dean tears up, hating that there might be this misunderstanding, however unintentional, between him and Castiel.  He wants to do better. He wants to be worth it. He wants to deserve Castiel’s easy blue eyed trust. He resolves that he will.  He
Dean tries to remove his fingers, frightened by Castiel’s scream, but Castiel’s left hand strikes up, strong and adamant, and holds Dean’s fingers in place.  His other hand buries itself in Dean’s wings, and Dean shivers.  “No,” Castiel croaks.  “More.”
Castiel catches himself before his mouth falls open in disbelief.  He wants to interrupt this foolishness; spear Gary on a spit and thrust him out over the lava and ask a him thousand more questions, starting with
Sam barely hears him.  “Some of these titles I’ve read, some of them I only recognize, and some of them I’ve never even heard of.  This is… thanks Cas.  Thanks.”  He pulls a stack of scrap papers over towards him, quarters of several different colored sheets that at one time were flyers on their printed sides:  advertisements for adult education classes, lost dog announcements, coloring book pages.  He picks up one of the golf pencils that sits in a box beside them, and starts writing down Dewey decimal notations.
he thought.
“I don’t know Dean, I don’t know, it just hurts.  It hurts.  They’re tearing me up inside.”  Castiel cries.  “They hate me.  They hate me and they want to hurt me.  They don’t want me to have peace, they want me to hurt, forever.  They don’t like it, when I look at you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He stands from the bed and wipes his eyes.  He picks Sam’s bag back up.  When he exits, he shuts the door tight behind him.  This isn’t Dean’s room, anymore.
“I do have to, Cas.  Have to take care of you.  Have to do better.”  And he starts at Castiel’s stomach, dipping the washcloth in the warm, scented water and scrubbing gently at the dried, tacky come there until no trace of it remains, and Castiel’s skin is just fresh, and pink, and clean.  He cleans Castiel’s stomach and chest in this way and then carefully strokes Castiel’s cock, soft and warm, with the washcloth, and tucks it down and away in a nest of coarse black curls, kissing gently at the base as he arranges it reverently.
“Sam--”  He starts, feeling like he owes Sam some kind of response, but not sure what he is going to say.
for that, the absolute release of death.  He would have done it.  Taken Castiel's place.  Gladly.  He still would.  If offered the choice, if he could give himself up, and bring Castiel back, he would do it in a heartbeat, and never look back, no matter where the hellhounds took him and what he found when he got there.  It would be an easy trade.  An obvious one.  Just Dean, just a worthless mortal, bound to die and go to Hell in a handful of years anyway, instead of the bravest, the purest, the
you,” Dean manages to ask again, because that is what a hunter would ask, and he remembers how to be a hunter, even if he has forgotten how to be warm or safe or brave or strong or anything else but afraid.
Either Crowley wants one because they hold some power Castiel doesn't know about, or he really wants one for the reason he gave, that they are
Sam nods-- this is true, Lucifer usually wants his agents alive so they can cause trouble.  Maybe he’s wrong, in what he suspects:  maybe these cultists really were just confused amateurs.  He hopes he’s wrong.  “I hope Cas can find out what they were up to.”
It does undo Dean, the angel’s song of fire and ice and loneliness.  It unties all the thin knots of twine holding his pain inside, to think about this man, burning alone out in the dark, alone and cold and so beautiful it hurts.  It brings all his pain to the surface, drawn by Castiel's song like poison from a wound. He could not say where Castiel's pain ends and his own begins and it doesn't matter, it doesn't matter because the core of ice in his chest is melted and he can feel, again.  Something besides fear, or the crack of the whip and the slow trickle of blood after.
Gabriel stops short, with his lips in an O, joining Balthazar’s school of silent fish.  Balthazar looks back and forth between Castiel, Gabriel, Castiel again, eyebrows raised at Castiel's outburst but no words coming to him to use in response.
“…Always wanted you.  Was so stupid, so stupid.  Not gonna be stupid anymore.”  And Dean’s mouth returns to Castiel’s throat, moving harder there, more desperate.
It is so, so quiet, now, only two breathing, in the Pit, and the fires crackling.  The angel, shining, and Dean, on his knees.  Only the sound of armored boots on hard stones.  Getting louder, closer to Dean, Dean can hear it though his head is bowed and he doesn’t look up.  Getting louder, closer, until they arrive, gleaming, in his sight of the ground, and stop.
A terrible, unimaginable thought comes to Dean, then.  Could Castiel help, if Dean could remember how to ask him?  Or would Castiel give him a bucket of ice that would burn him?
He wields Gabriel’s sword in a deliberate pattern of strokes, writing in the air with fire.  The sword cuts through the warp of space.  A dark portal opens in front of Castiel, and from the other side he hears Sam Winchester shouting “NO!”
“Always, Cas.  What else.”
“...Then, when I tattoo you with it, it uses my blood as the ink.  And I don’t have to ‘poke’ you a million times.
It sort of tilts its head to the side, and it looks like it sniffs the air, even though it is submerged under water.  It sniffs, and its whole little body shivers, and it sniffs again, and shivers again.  It blinks five times, really fast, and its tentacles wave around like crazy in the water, and then it starts flipping head-over-tentacles around and around, like it just can’t decide what to do with itself.
But Castiel never came.
They did not close off.  The did not narrow.  They did not back away. There was nothing forbidden, in them.  Nothing.  Dean's whole body shivered, when he saw that permission dark and deep there, and he kept holding Castiel's gaze tight, kept holding those eyes with his own to make sure, completely sure.
She raises her head from her desk, where she was writing, and sniffs the air.  “You have… been with the Master,“ she says.  She sniffs again, and her shoulders go stiff.  “You have… No.  You didn't,” she says, voice shaded with disbelief.  Curious, she turns around, spinning easily on her stool.  She stares at him, face smooth and assessing, brow furrowed as her eyes flick from the tattoo on his neck --which he did not have, when last they met-- to his heart, precisely the place Dean touched him, and back.  Her eyes are golden, citrine, and slit pupilled, like a cat’s.  The slits widen, as she continues to stare at him.  “You
He groans, and his hips thrust up against Dean, again, uncontrollable. “Want you.”
*****
He looks within:
and his third finger was in Dean's mouth.
“So I… I… and he made that sound again, and I… I…”
Of course he didn't like them.  Of course he didn’t like belonging to Alistair.  He didn't like being whipped, either.  He didn't like his box cutter, or his screwdriver, or his pliers.  He didn't like Hell, he didn't like being dead, he missed his brother, he didn't like knowing his dad was a bastard, finally, and not being able to do anything about it.  He hurt, everywhere, sliced and bruised and bitten and even set on fire.  And ‘didn’t like’ seemed so vague to him, even then, shouldn’t he hate, shouldn’t he be furious, shouldn’t he be boiling for vengeance or ready to kill?  He thought he should.  But he didn’t have the energy, for any of that.  He only had the energy to endure.  To be numb, and to be aware, behind his vacant eyes as he clicked his box cutter, that he did not like what he was doing, what he was wearing, where he was, anything at all.
He had clung on, his arms wrapped around Dean’s waist, his head pressed against his chest, and that was the moment he began to wonder if it would hurt.  To Fall.
“I’ll think about it.”  Sam says, and turns to go back up the stairs.  “You think about what my brother’s going to do if he finds out you’ve got his angel.”  Dean double takes at that, since
This is what Castiel is about to do.  This is what Dean won’t like, that Cas is going to give up his soul, though Cas will argue with him (and tells himself) that he is not much at risk of failing to get it back, trading for an archangel’s grace: an archangel has a lot of juice, especially when it dies in Heaven in the middle of a battle, like Raphael did.  It's not likely that Castiel will use it all up before he is able to get his soul back, Raphael had a lot of power, it would take a long time to use up, even if he were trying to use it up, and he's not going to try.
it, and in every one Dean feels so
Sekhmet provides a service.  She is a tattooist.  But to say only that she is a tattooist is to do a disservice to her true skill, and mastery.  She is exceptional with knives, with edged weapons of all forms.  When she tattoos, she uses needles, and blades, and ink, and the old ways.  She has a gift that allows her to see within.  She can see what a penitent wants more clearly than they can, and when she sets it on their skin her precision, her mastery, creates perfection.  Her work is not comparable to that of the mutilators in the demon pens who scrape pentagrams and inverted crosses on the flesh of their customers and leave them infected and seeping.  She exceeds those by so far that what she does should not even be referred to with the same word.  This is the service she provides, in the Pit.  She creates art, alive on flesh.
“Benny?”  Castiel says, his voice rising up in a question.
*****
“They call me to return.  They call me to bring the Vessel.  They call me to the End Times. They have sounded the horn of Gabriel.  They have sung the song that begins the end of the world.”
“Mmmmmm” Dean hums, and wraps an arm around Castiel's lower back.
“And I will take care of you.”  That he is certain of.  That he can guarantee, absolutely and without fear.  That is his duty, and his honor.  That is one of the reasons he was made, spun out of light and divinity.
“Pleasure doing business with you, Feathers.  Don’t hesitate to ring again if you need anything else.  You have my number.”  And before Castiel can reply, with “It was no pleasure at all,” Crowley has disappeared in a curl of red smoke.
“You’re stronger now,” Castiel had told him, body rigid and locked tight with anger at the threat to Dean, but voice somehow soft and careful.  “They can’t touch you.  You have a mandate to stand above them.”
“Hello, Dean,” he says.
he asks through his tears.  And
“Can you feel it?”  He whispers.  “Your heart.  Your light.”
“There's so much I want to do to you.” And that's one word different, for vs. to, but it's the difference between being loved and being a hot, wet, hole; it's the difference between being caressed in a bed of soft memory foam or fucked hard against a marble wall.  And Dean hears it, he hears the difference, and his shaking intensifies, because that voice, Castiel’s voice, deep and rough and serious as the grave, that voice is sinking through his bones and turning them into gleaming, liquid, gold, and the words it is saying, what Castiel is going to do to him, ricocheting in his brain like Castiel fired a bullet there.
“So I guess that’s a ‘no’ on the BFF bracelets, then.”
Cas squints.  “I was human in 2013 so… A year and a half?”
not nearly enough, until his blood beats in Dean's heart, and Dean scorches him again, but it's better. He sniffs back his tear.
“Ssshhh.  I’ll tell you about it.  I’ll tell you how it looks, ok?  You remember, when you told me?  What it looks like?  I do.”  And he did.  No one had ever praised him like that, before.  No one ever.  No one besides Cas.  No one besides his angel.  “I won’t let you forget, I promise.  I’ll tell you, if you breathe for me.”
Sam may be… in a bad state.  If he has been left alone to rot in his cell for months with no food, no care.  Sam may be in a bad state. If he is, Castiel’s powers may be of more use than Dean’s-- for healing a human an angel, even a fallen one, should be stronger than a demon.
Castiel was fighting just to bear it.  To keep himself separated from the dream and not bring his whole body, his whole grace, his wings, his halo, all of him, everything that he was, and engulf Dean in himself, in his light, the way his fingers were engulfed in Dean's mouth.
?” He asks again, voice frozen.
him, but he
Usually Castiel denies it, when Dean calls him that.  But right now, he can feel Dean is unsteady, and he can still feel what Dean felt when he prayed to Castiel and he didn’t come, and he wants so badly, so badly, to erase that memory, to put himself, soul and heart and body, between Dean and suffering, and be his angel again.
Dean appears to him in a clap of black smoke.  Before he has even fully materialized, a red hot spear, sizzling from the forge, is thrown at his heart.  The Hell hound on Dean's left leaps through the air and catches it in his teeth with a snarl.
Castiel finally nods, and he rinses the mark off under the running water at the back of Sam’s cell.  It’s sharpie and he only has a simple bar of soap so the mark doesn’t come off all the way, staying scrubbed and red and smudged on his pale skin.  Sam is not looking at him anymore.
Dean lowers his head to his chest, and Castiel hears him sniff back a cry.
.  He turns back towards the door, and grits his teeth.  He is not here for a kill.  He’s here for Cas.  He thinks about Cas’ smile, the first smile he’s seen on Cas’ face since the Fall.  Cas is waiting at home, there, for him, warm and soft.  He has to take care of Cas.  He doesn’t want to come back to him covered in blood.
“Hey,” Dean said, Castiel saying “Dean,” again at the same time, warningly.  Dean wasn’t sure what Castiel’s problem was-- this she-demon couldn’t do anything to him, because of the mandate.  Though maybe she could do… other things.  Maybe she was an apocalypse-bringer.  Maybe she could control the sun.  There must be some reason for Cas’ behavior--this was extra bristly, even for him, even guarding Dean.  Dean stepped back too, blade lowered, and looked at Cas.
“I remember, Dean,” He says dreamily, “I do remember, I remember when we laid here in the Garden and I drew on your stomach.  It did feel good.  It felt so good, Dean.  I’m so sorry.”  He starts to cry, again.  “I’m so sorry I ruined that for us.”
He wants to kiss Dean.  A film of black slides down over Castiel's eyes and he feels his blood heat up everywhere under his skin.  The stone smooth mask of angelic righteousness he has been wearing for this conversation starts to crack, and slip.
“Castiel.  Angel of Thursday.”  He bites the soft flesh at the top of Castiel's thigh.  “Tender meat, to be caught by a fiend like me.” He lets his horns grow out, with a ragged crackle, and bites beneath Castiel's navel.   “Tender and sweet.”
Castiel’s god-eyes squint, the same as the squint on the mountaintop.  “May I stop your spinning, Dean?” He sounds so careful, tentative. The tentative god; the sad one.
This is
for Castiel.
The air presses down all around Dean and the fog suffocates him.  His heart is a pounding drum in his chest and it speeds, playing a march that is too fast, too fast.  He shouldn't have eaten those berries, or drank that water, or chewed that stick, he shouldn't have… They are poison, they must be, that's the way Castiel is going to do it, make Dean do it
“Shut UP Gabriel!  Shut UP shut UP shut UP, SHUT UP.  Celestial Father, do you EVER shut up for one SECOND?”
But a splash of cold water hits his spine and he remembers what happens when he runs.
Because, Dean is slouched in his throne, ass on the edge, legs spread.  Wearing pants, but unbuttoned, unzipped, his cock free.  And in between his spread knees, kneeling, wrists clasped behind his back, holding Dean’s cock in his mouth but not bobbing or licking or swallowing, is Castiel.
But he could not go where he was called.  Not yet, though he cried.
“I forgive you, Dean.  I love you.” His eyes are still and calm on Dean's, certain, as always, as he says it.
“And that was before the Mark, before you were Chosen, it was before the promise and before I figured out about the halos.  It was before this,” he runs his fingers softly, lovingly, over the shimmery tattoo on his neck.  “The Leviathan couldn’t even stand before us now, Dean, if they tried.  They couldn’t come between us.  We would destroy them.”  He says it with absolute certainty, his voice full of iron and steel and violence.  So sure, his angel.  Always so sure, for him.
Castiel takes his hand, and they disappear from the cache on a wisp of cool air.
Castiel watched over him, and did for him what he could.  For Dean’s body, he would expel wisps of grace, dim and fragile in the night’s dark.  He would not heal Dean completely, because if he did Dean would wake surly and resentful, and tell Cas that he should not waste his grace on his worthless bones, since they were just going to get broke again anyway.  As if that could ever be a waste.  As if there was any cause on Heaven or Earth Castiel would rather expend his grace on than healing Dean’s weary body.
Dean pets back Castiel's wild hair and holds the back of his hand to Castiel's forehead, as if he didn't know why Castiel's skin is feverish and flushed.  “I gotta take care of you first, Cas.  I promised.  Remember?  Gotta show you.”
Dean doesn’t hear him, he is somewhere else, Cas can tell, somewhere where he ruined Cas with his love instead of saving him from the torment of the angels, somewhere where he is breathing too hard, too fast, choking on his own breath, his tears, somewhere he can’t hear Castiel as he whispers, “Dean, Dean.  Dean.”  He is far away from Castiel, Castiel can feel it through their bond, he is far away and he is spinning and it is dark and he is the monster that haunts the darkness, horned and ugly and evil, stalking the shadows and only coming out to ruin pure things.  He doesn’t want to ruin them, God, he doesn’t, he weeps for what he takes, but he ruins them anyway, because he is so dark, inside, and he doesn’t know how to do anything else.
Dean rolls his eyes.  “C’mon, Cas, these guys are lightweights.  They don't even know me from Lucifer.  It's a milk run.”
Dean sobs, and pulls Castiel down against him, and thrusts a hand into his hair.  “You can’t do that again, Cas.  You can’t.  It could hurt you so bad.  I could lose you.”
Dean withdraws.  “Gotta open you up, Cas.  Gotta take care of you.  Gotta open you up, nice and slow,” Dean doesn't know how he's going to do that, last through it without coming, with Cas rutting against him so desperately, but he knows it's what he has to do.  He feels a moment of uncertainty about how to proceed, because he didn't bring any lubricants with him on this field trip to the one cliff he never jumped off of.
WE as in you and CASTIEL the precious octopus and MOI?????
Dean wonders.
The man is looking down at his clasped hands, as if in prayer, and his lips are moving in silent words that don’t make the shapes of English.
This is Hell.  This is what happens to hearts, in Hell.
Chapter 2:  Naps
Dean’s hands grasp open and closed on nothing, on air that is too cold, on air that is black.
“Will you kiss me tonight, Cas?”  Dean asked, his lips pink against the green stem, his teeth white, his cheeks blushed.  His hair ruffled by his hands, by the wind.  Strands golden, with the flare of the sun behind him.  He was too beautiful to be real.  He was too beautiful to be denied.
Castiel will have him.  All of him.  Forever.  He has sworn it.
“Fine, fine, a boring bar with NO strippers.”  Gabriel pauses before snapping his fingers.  Castiel nods his head down once, in agreement, Gabriel’s fingers snap, and the cloud is left behind, empty of angels.
Castiel doesn't know how Crowley recognized the number of his brand new cell phone, but he assumes it is some simple magic and he does not care.  He knows that this demonstration that he has information about Castiel that he should not have is only meant to put Cas off balance, as is the crude suggestion about Dean.  Castiel ignores both.
Does he have any other allies?  The other humans that might help him:  Bobby Singer, Kevin Tran, Charlie Bradbury, they are all dead, and in Heaven where he cannot reach them.  Almost all of the angels are dead too, against Dean’s blade.  Anael is dead.  Balthazar is dead, at Castiel’s own hand.  Gabriel is dead.  Hannah is alive, but will not leave Heaven for any reason, certainly not to come to the aid of an archdemon.
But no halo appears.
Dean can imagine how long Sam would laugh, about something like, this, alright.  He interrupts, without thinking.  “Because they all know that I’m in love with you.”
Castiel is looking at it, like he is trying to make some kind of decision about it.  He has stopped moving for a moment to do this, so Sam tries to get his attention again.
“Mortal,” Castiel continues, ignoring this ridiculous name.  “You are in the plane of eternal fire.  I am the fallen angel, Castiel, have you heard my name?”
But there was a time.
Where to even start.  Dean has so many secrets he has never told anyone else that he could write them on post-it notes and wallpaper a room with them.  It would be a scary fucking room.
Dean flexes his hand in Castiel's hair and kisses at his forehead.  “I'm going to go see Sam.”
he thought on every breath pulled down hard to his drowning lungs as he felt like he was going to die, suffocate on his own longing  just from the feel of Dean's tongue on his two fingers, on their tips.
, Dean had said.
Castiel didn’t wait a year before he went to Dean again.  He couldn’t have, if he had wanted to.  Anael was right.  His heart was showing him the way.
Dean swallows, and shifts against the flowers.  “Yes, Angel,” he says and licks his lips.  He doesn’t even realize he’s doing it.  It makes lust flare, in Castiel, and he snarls.
“Dean,” Castiel replies, and mouths at his clavicle,  eyes still slitted, his fingers light on Dean's arms.  “Please,” he says again.
“Every one of the Host can feel it.  He
“What does that mean?”  Maybe it’s nothing. Just calling to say ‘hey.’  Maybe angels do that. The throb of fear doesn’t think so.
, first, for once.  A lot could have been easier on them, on the whole world, in the past, if Dean had been more more able to do that.
“This is their leader,” Dean grits out, answering both “what is this” and “Why didn't you kill him,” at once, eyes green-black-green.
“No, they’re not,” Castiel replies, his voice serious and solemn, his right hand now rising up to take hold of the other side of Dean’s face, and caress.  “They’re not, Dean, they’re everything.”  His hands gently encourage Dean to look at him, again.  “I’m glad I Fell, if it means I got to see them.”
party of this summoning should be communicating with a shadowy, powerful character, and he's pretty sure he's the only one that's got the stones.  There's way too much--uggh--
He begins.
when he told you this, Cas?”
Dean is too afraid to speak, so Uriel kicks him again, this time a kick to his head, concussing him, making his brain feel like it has hit a wall of bricks.
“You named your unicorn ‘Dean’?”  Dean tries, choking a little.
He next spends an extremely frustrating 10 minutes trying to trick his mind, or his blood, or his
, Dean thinks.
“Oh, Dean,” Castiel's heart could break, for this man beside him.  Who could look at him, and see the demon?  He is too bright.  He shines.
It is several hours on Earth until Dean lies in bed again, staring at the ceiling, unable to sleep, and offers up his third prayer, but that is hardly any time at all, for angels in Heaven.  Gabriel paces.  Balthazar drinks, slowly.  Castiel drinks, faster, desperately.  The bartender stands mute behind the counter, watching them all.
“There’s no such thing as angels,” Dean says immediately, but it lacks conviction in the hot air; he says it as if he is saying “I’ve always been waiting for you, blue-eyes.”
“I understand.  Close your eyes.”
He breathes, deeply.  Becalmed in Castiel’s wing, he doesn’t look at the stars, as they spin and shine.  He doesn’t look at his funhouse-self, echoing into infinity. He only looks into Castiel’s eyes where they flash with lightning strikes above him.
He decides.  He knows what he has wanted, when his mind has run away from him, and life has seemed too hard.
“Oh Dean,” Castiel says, leaned back on his heels, rising up on the wave. “Oh.  So beautiful.  So golden.  Dean.  My charge.”  He lets his fingertips touch, just his fingertips, circles and signs over Dean’s chest.  The wards that will protect him. The wards that will keep him safe.
Dean’s head is bowed, before himself.  As though he may get to see Castiel's stars, bigger than the whole world can contain, or he may be murdered here in the fog, and he is resigned equally to either fate.
“Yes, Dean.  Anything-” Castiel loses his breath to a gasp when Dean grinds down against him again, harder, rougher, and tightens his grip on Castiel’s jaw.
Dean thinks.
Dean can’t stop looking at Cas.  Reaching out and touching him, his hand, his shoulder, the back of his neck.  Short little touches, like he’s afraid Cas isn’t real.  Or that Cas isn’t alive.  Touches that linger just a second longer than they might have before.  They linger the same way Castiel’s pinky finger lingered on Dean’s hand when Dean helped him up, in the barn.  Just for a second.  But a second that was real, that happened, and now these touches can happen, too.
And then, that
Castiel was fighting just to bear it.  To keep himself separated from the dream and not bring his whole body, his whole grace, his wings, his halo, all of him, everything that he was, and engulf Dean in himself, in his light, the way his fingers were engulfed in Dean's mouth.
it was not enough.
Castiel doesn't move.  Dean looks up at him, eyes pleading.  His angel, made of marble, sculpted, perfect, beautiful, inside of him, splitting him apart so wide it hurts, hurts so good.  “Cas, please,” He begs, breathless and exhausted from just hanging on.  It's begging now, he is begging, for Castiel to move inside him.  Quicksilver and sapphire and the memory of wings that flashed in the lightning.  He can almost see them now, their shadows. “Please.”
“I want us to move forward.  What you have asked is within my power.  You are right, if I do this, you will know the truth.  I want that, Sam.  I will do this, for that goal.  Our ‘
Dean is trembling.  “Cas,” he cries out, voice soft and sounding so lost, “Cas, please.  I’m going to--”
*****
And then his skin, his skin, it is on fire against Castiel.  And still, still, Castiel begs him, “Closer, Dean.  Inside me.  I want to feel you inside.  Please.  Closer.”  Dean can’t deny him this, can’t deny him anything, wouldn’t.  He starts to kiss down Castiel’s chest, because he wants to taste, he wants to open him with his tongue and make it sweet, but Castiel’s hands stop him, and he looks up into eyes that are wide, and blue, and leaking.  “Will you go slow for me, Dean?” Castiel asks.  “Make it last, for me?”
And Dean would kiss him back.  After a moment of lips moving on lips, he would slide his hand up Castiel’s back, over his trenchcoat, finding the place where his wings join his body without even being able to see them, and hold him close.
Only for a moment.  Dean had wanted it to be longer, he had wanted to just lay there; it was so soft, the light diffused golden through Castiel's feathers.  He had wanted to take Castiel’s face in his hands and stroke his stubbled jaw with his thumbs, and thread his hands back into Castiel’s hair and draw him down for a kiss.  He wanted to kiss Castiel until Castiel couldn't help but move subtly against him, he wanted to move back against Castiel, too, until they came together, warm and easy, with broken, silent, breaths and melted into each other, and Castiel’s wings collapsed over him in a soft, golden, blanket.  He wanted Castiel’s body, naked against him, he wanted everything.
Somehow Dean understands that he
“Are you sure, Cas?”  Dean asks, holding back.  “Sure you're strong enough?  Maybe you should rest awhile.  I'll stay, with you, while you rest, promise.”
He steps up to Uriel.  He is unafraid. Castiel has helped him remember how.
“I want to be the rain, Dean.”  Dean groans.  “I want my lips to be hot and wet on your neck.  I want to taste you.  I want to cover one side of your neck with my mouth and one with my hand and feel your pulse beat into my lips and and my palm and my fingers.  I want to mark you there, even though I know this is only a dream and the bruise will be gone in the morning.”
Castiel touches him gently, thumbs under his eyelids, swiping and turning his freckles to gold, more gold, more shining, warmth, heat, beauty.  “Are you ready for me now, hero?”  He asks.  But he knows.  Every question he has asked, all night, he has known.  God in this field, in this valley.  A lightning strike.
He is spinning, in the storm.  It doesn’t feel, right now, like he could ever run out of this screaming, soaring, power.  It feels endless.  It is an ocean and he looks out over its roiling waves, and even with his new eyes he cannot see the other shore.  But it’s not endless, he knows, the other shore is there, steep and sharp like the edge of the world, and if he reaches it the drop to the shallows will kill him, leave him broken and split open on black rocks.
He picks up the next knife, from the pile.  Ivory.  Gold hilted.  Carved with a green jeweled scarab.
Dean asked Castiel to go to the bunker for Sam, before he left to fight the cultists, and Castiel said, “Of course, Master.”  He transports to the entrance, because this is where Sam fought with Baal, on his way to the fake werewolf hunt that Dean and Cas set up in Nebraska.  Sam dropped his bag, when Baal attacked, and it lays there, where he dropped it in the dirt.  Cas picks it up and hangs it over his shoulder.  Looking around at the signs of struggle, the cast up dust, drops of black blood on the ground, he spares a moment to hope that Dean is not being similarly lured, by the cultists.  They will regret it, he thinks with a scowl.  They will regret waking the dragon.  He will make sure of it.
And Dean does not believe it.  “Doesn't feel much like a dream.” His eyes pierce right through Cas when he says this.  They are worse than a sword.
“As long as you have never told anyone else.”
*****
They make it back to the bunker with no further incident.  Nothing dangerous, they are not accosted by any of the other legions of Hell, no demon, no witch, no creature assails them.  No one even says another word.  Sam drives the Impala, silent, glancing into the rearview frequently with concerned eyes, because Dean slid into the back seat, following Cas’ back with fingertips that just didn’t quite touch when Cas opened the car door and sloughed himself inside.
“He’ll kill us,” Naga whines, immediately, words propelled by fear and coming before he can think to stop them.  His serpent familiars coil anxiously in his hair.  “He is the Prince of Light, even now.  We won’t survive if you set us against him.”
Castiel nods through his tears.  Yes. Dean can have anything.
Castiel held Dean’s head against his chest with a strong hand, and pressed his face down into Dean’s hair, close as he dared.  “I forgive you, Dean.”  He didn’t know for what, but that was a power given to him by the Father, the power of judgement and forgiveness, and no one was more deserving of it than Dean.  “I forgive you.”
.  Dean has the power to touch souls too, he has to, in order to put them on the rack and hurt them there.  And that it is what it is.  It is the power to
He softens towards Cas.  Maybe Sam isn't the best one to judge, what is ‘too much’ when it comes to Dean.  He still has misgivings, but maybe he should be glad Castiel is Dean's angel full time, now, and has no other agenda.  Maybe he should be grateful.  Wouldn't he protect Dean like this, if he could?
Gary swallows, Castiel can see the movement of his muscles through the wreckage of his throat.  He looks away from the cold in Castiel’s eyes.
“Yeah, Cas, catfish,” Dean answers, and tries to imagine a catfish in as much detail as he can, which is actually not that much.  Even so, too late, he realizes that a catfish is much bigger than Castiel, when Castiel squeaks and buries his face in Dean’s neck.
“So I… I… and he made that sound again, and I… I…”
So he suffered.  He suffered Dean's uncertainty in what should have been certain, and he suffered his own profound regret.  Regret that wrapped around his heart, and ached, and drowned him deep.  Regret because, oh… Castiel had never known Dean’s
that will prevent Sam from hurting him, not overbearing vigilance on his part.  If Sam wants to hurt him, Sam will find a way.  He has to believe that Sam doesn’t
as he screams.  But he is stricken.  What is this madness?
Warmth inside where it has been cold for so long, even in the roar of the fires.
“Master,” she says, seeming slightly amused by his mere presence, by having to bestow this title to an ox.  “I’ve been expecting you.  I have something, for your angel.”
And when the light has faded, and the sparks are dying embers on his skin, and he inches his arm away from where it protects his face, there is Castiel.
would be what he would say
breaking over him through the bond.
?  She hates your ass, too.  One, you’re an angel, and B, she thinks maybe you
, he thinks, and squeezes Castiel tight.
Because Castiel asks so seriously, Dean thinks about it before giving his answer.  Castiel didn’t touch him. Castiel stayed on the outside of the blanket. Castiel only watched over him, just like he said, he didn’t move, not closer, not farther away.  But Dean didn’t know any of those things would be true when he closed his eyes, and so he slept tense and wary, “No” still the chorus of his dreams even when his mouth stopped moving.
“Me too, Cas, “ Dean murmurs, against Cas’ chest.  “But not anymore, right?  We’re gonna be together now.  We’re gonna make up for it.”
“You--” Balthazar starts to try again, but Castiel interrupts him.
“No, Dean… Not forever.  Only a little while longer, now.”
Dean wonders who used to do this, for Cain.  Some enslaved demon?  Lucifer?  Crowley hasn't been around long enough for that, right?  Alastair, maybe, sallow fingers lingering and sycophantic?  Or maybe the magic in the fit is enough that the coat can suit itself.  Dean shrugs.  It's too late to ask Cain, now.  His secrets are all bled out on the floor of a barn in Nebraska.
“You get some of our blankets and you get in our bed and you stay there,” he repeats the ‘our’ for Sam’s benefit.  “You stay there, ok?  It's safe there; no one can get in there to get you…”
The human thinks that was easy?  To appear to Ishkar in the arctic, threaten them, attack them, survive, earn the love of an angel, be bound together forever, echo through all of time?  This is an interesting human, to count that as easy.  Ishkar thinks they made a mistake, not listening to it when it first arrived in the fortress.  They are old, they have made many mistakes.  They know to admit them.  They know how to try to do better.  They will listen now.
.  “Anything, Dean.  Anything,” Castiel says, ready to break with the wave, too, ready to smash on the rocks into a million pieces.  He raises Dean’s legs up over his shoulders, and bends him in half so he can find Dean with his mouth.
It's been a long time between posts.  I was sick, and I was working 2 jobs full time, it was hard.
*****
“How do I do this, Cas?” He asks, whispering, breathless, between kisses.  “How do I let you go?”  He kisses Castiel’s neck softly.
It is good that he has a concrete plan of action to pursue, or he probably would follow Dean.  He might not have been able to let him go, in the first place.
“Dean?  Where are you?  Are you ok?”  Castiel’s first words when he answers.  Of course-- Dean is the only one that knows the number.
Dean shivers.  The black in his eyes is warmed by a smile.  The finger holding up Castiel’s chin becomes a palm, that cradles his face.  “Imagined it so many ways, with you, Cas.”
But Dean did not have these titles, yet.  He did not have the First Blade.  He was not the Master, or the First Knight, or even the sword of Heaven.  Demons did not cower, when he arrived in their row of racks.  They hardly noticed him at all.  He was so tired, and small; he moved slowly and sluggishly, and there was nothing bright, nothing shining about him.
Sam nods; maybe he expected this.  “I can deal with that.  Thank you, Dean.”
Dean has an itch under his skin.  At first he thinks it’s from inaction, because he’s stuck in a cell slumped up against a wall, and he needs to be
Balthazar loves his brother, and he does his best.
“It wasn’t always.  I didn’t always keep it there, I mean,” Dean says, still staring off into the distance, now stroking his fingers gently down Castiel’s shoulder.
Dean inhales sharply.  His eyes. Those eyes… they are…  He remembers them. There could be no others, like these.  This is his salvation, then. This is the one that came for him, there can be no doubt.
He lies in the bathtub counting for two days, and he does not fall asleep again.  The boredom, and the repetition, and the concentration wash into him, three warm breezes on the frozen core of his heart.  He breathes.  He counts.  He prays Dean's name.  This is all he asks of himself, and he finds he can do it.  He is strong enough, for this.  Maybe he can be strong enough, for more.  When he reaches a million, he is tired of counting.  He is tired of the bathtub, and the ache in his body that only grows.  He is tired of the way the light glints off of the shower fixtures, into his eyes.  He is ready for more.  He is ready to be Castiel again, or at least to try.
Dean’s suspicious eyes roll closed.  “Cas,” he breathes, trying to keep steady, trying not to pant.  Trying not to let Castiel see that he has been
Dean raises it up to face level, and then kisses it as carefully and gently as he can on the forehead.  “Kisses,” he says.  “Chu.”
Dean did not know that this
And then he flies.  The corpse is still smoking, still slumping to the ground when Castiel turns and takes wing.  Dean watches him rise above the rack, rise up into the smoke and ash of the Pit, a bright firefly in the darkness, and just when Dean can’t see him anymore, just when he flies too high and vanishes, the dream changes.  Zoom, zoom.
Like he still hasn’t learned that sometimes you have to look away.
Castiel shivers again.  “It’s not the first time,” he whispers, and Dean pulls back, trying to remember, was there some spell, some djinn, but Castiel continues, “I imagined it so many times.”
He doesn't know it was the Father.  He doesn't know it was the entire universe.  He doesn't know that his petty betrayal will come to nothing but his death, Zachariah's death, Bartholomew’s and Naomi’s and Ion’s and even Raphael’s, a whole pile of halos on Dean's bedside table, because the universe will
Dean closes his eyes and breathes.  He has to ground himself, become flawless in control of himself for what is to come.  If he is not flawless, he will immolate on his own desire, and Castiel will be burnt with him.  If he is not flawless, he will not deserve Castiel, like this. Castiel wants the Master. Castiel wants to be enslaved, by the demon king.  Dean wants to take him, but he will have to be perfect, to put something so perfect on its knees.
He wished, he wished there was anything
Castiel gasps in shock; shock that maybe Dean does understand, that he meant it.
He was in front of Castiel in a blink of his black eyes, then, crowding into his space, air hot between them, hips canted forward, hands on Castiel’s arms.  Castiel’s jaw was hard, but not as hard as his eyes, his gaze turned into himself, maybe imagining what he would have done, if Dean had let him take Belial.  He was so fierce and beautiful in his desire to protect Dean that Dean thought his heart might break.  This is what Castiel must have looked like, when he did the work of Heaven.  Righteous and dangerous, pure and angry and sure.  “You’re not a weapon, any more, Cas.  You don’t have to do that, any more.  You don’t have to do that, for me.”
His breath catches sharply, ragged on the inhale, and he tips over forward, choking on the fiery ice that fills him to overflowing in a single, immediate, burst.  A hand goes to his heart, which has not stopped beating like the dead, but is instead crescendoing like the roll of a tympani, so fast he can barely tell one beat from the next, so deep it feels like it is driving through his body and into the floor, the walls, and shaking them, too.
“But what if I can’t guess?”  Castiel presses, sounding very concerned.  Sometimes he
“So I went to him in his dream.”
Castiel nods against Dean’s chest.  “Mmmmm” he hums, too.
Dean pauses and huffs out a breath.  He closes his eyes.  “I.  Am.  Dean.”  Like it is taking him all the patience in the world to repeat something so simple and obvious.  And, really, Sam
Making the hair on Dean’s arms and legs rise up.  Making his skin tingle.  Making his heart beat faster, and faster.  Catching his breath in the back of his throat.  Smothering him with the scent of flowers, and ozone.
“This is the Higgs boson.  This is how humans pried open knowledge of the universe that before had been only divine.  This negates the power of all the gods after Sumer.”
A dozen rituals, a dozen spells, come unbidden, lining up in his head to answer, magic that needs a blood sacrifice, and he sorts them automatically, trying to understand what is going on, but none of them fit.  Wrong number of people. Wrong shaped knives.  Wrong robes; Latin, not Sumerian.  None of the rituals he calls to mind need Lucifer.  None need him, Dean or Righteous Man or Master, for that matter, and that seems to be important since all these suicidal fucks keep saying “For you” as their last fucking words.
Dean reaches for Castiel’s hand in the silence.
it says.
Gabriel asks Castiel why he goes through the whole exchange with the bartender, why he uses grace to make the bottle disappear instead of making it be full again.  Castiel doesn't answer, he doesn't answer anything.
????????
“What do you WANT Crowley?”
He screams, when a hand touches his left shoulder, and he is burned.
“I say again, Cas, WHAT THE FUCK.”  That’s not an answer, that’s just a list of titles.
And how will Castiel do it? How will Castiel murder him? Stab him with that sword, that one that broke the floor of the cabin, and take his head?  Turn him to ash, like all the other demons, his soul screaming away into nothingness? Or will he just snap Dean's neck? Will he say some fucked up prayer, before he does it, and make Dean not just a victim, but an
Then, he takes away all of the cultist’s pain.  He takes it in one quick snatch, but he does not dismiss it.  He holds it in his hand, a crackling ball of red lightning, ready to give it back.  Some of it, or all of it, once or many times or never:  that is up to the cultist.
Sam shakes his head.  “You’re not my brother.”  Dean just waits for him to continue, and keeps wiping at his skin with the plaid of his shirt.  Sam’s eyes narrow.  “I’ll figure out what you are eventually, though.  It would be easier on us both if you’d just tell me now.”
Dean thinks.
.  His angel.  And maybe he wasn’t hurting, maybe he was OK, maybe there was nothing behind the lust in his eyes but more lust.  But maybe not.  Maybe his soft, sweet angel was trapped in there, in that diamond body, trapped inside a hard, cold, soulless cage, fighting to get out, calling Dean's name while Dean could not hear, frustrated tears falling from his eyes, and Dean could not see.  And how could Dean have been with him, how could Dean bite or kiss or scrape, how could Dean do
The promise beats once through Dean’s blood, when Castiel says that, bright like gold.  “Good.”  Dean wraps his arms tighter around Castiel’s back and squeezes him closer.  He stares off into the distance, over Castiel’s shoulder.
He doesn’t understand why Sam doesn’t care that he is bleeding and hurting and burning in the corner of the dungeon.  Sam really must not believe that they are brothers, anymore.  To let this go on, unchecked.
“I will Cas, I promise, I will.”  Castiel hears movement, and when Dean speaks again he sounds like he is closer to the phone.  “You wearing your sweater, for me, baby?  To keep you warm?”  Dean’s voice is like molasses, so sweet, so deep.  Castiel feels like warm syrup is being poured over his rigid, freezing body.
” Castiel says, and some of the light behind his eyes flashes.  “They
Dean gravitates into Castiel’s touch, like Castiel is the sun and he is the earth, drawn, irresistibly, feeling released from Castiel’s command to be still now that he is suited.  His mouth hovers just below Castiel's ear.  “Fast as I can, angel.  Always.”
Dean still wants to do better though.  So he tries to describe: “Benny cooks catfish, makes ‘em real tasty to eat.  Fill up our bellies,” and he imagines Benny handing them over grease-spotted cardboard platters of catfish and french fries, all spicy and delicious smelling.  He imagines himself eating a humongous bite, and tearing off a tiny little bite for Cas. He makes sure the bite he tears off in his imagination is very, very tiny.  And he skips the part of this whole process where Benny filets the fish and tosses it in boiling oil.
, there is a little tiny voice, quiet and far away under all the screaming static,
“Always gonna be right here, with you.”
“Sam,” Dean says, and disappears.
he decides that that answer is not enough.
He is gone for a long time.
He strokes it again, and Dean cries out again.  “Cas, you can’t, you have to, I’m going to, I’m so--”
He closes his eyes, and rocks his hand in and out of Castiel’s chest, just barely, a millimeter at most, just rocking, getting a feel for the shape and the feel of what he has his hand in.  Lights flicker behind his eyes, silver and sparkling.  Then Castiel groans, and instead of a few lights, there is a
But then he receives a reply.  From under Dean’s blanket, just barely slipped out between Dean’s mouth and the couch cushions.  “Leave,” a wretched plea. “Just leave me alone.”
Stay away).  This was the new rule, because Castiel was
Instead, he prays.
Dean slumps forward into Castiel’s arms, and the fire goes out.  “‘S not OK, angel,” He says under his breath. “I shoulda got to keep you.  For what they wanted me to do… I shoulda got to keep you.”
“Dean,” whispers the angel beneath him.  And at the same time, “Dean,” says true Castiel, voice gravelly and hot.  He comes into it, into the velvet of that voice and the heat of that body, he comes like water boiling over, he comes until he is dry and empty and parched like desert.  And he wakes.
He takes the cultist, for now.  Light enough, for him to carry.  They vanish, leaving Dean alone in the cache in armor slashed crimson with the blood of others.
He does not know how to respond.  He feels… deflated. This moment should be joyous.  Templar fire should burn behind the eyes of the Vessel.  Lightshould come out from behind the clouds on Earth, because the weapon of Michael is ascendant.  Snakes should hide, in their dark places. It shouldn’t feel like
But... he never knew Dean… yes he
Castiel layers his own hand on top of Dean's, laces their fingers together, moves them to his shoulder where he holds them.  “Want you too, Dean,” He doesn't pretend not to understand Dean this time, and his voice cracks before he shakes his head.  “But I have to protect you, now.  I've been selfish enough.  Now I have to make you safe.  Just as when you couldn't be with me, until my soul was back.”
Blood vessels break and start to bruise under Dean’s grip on the back of Castiel’s neck.  “Oh?”  His tongue laps careless and broad over Castiel’s face, from the line of his jaw over his cheek.
Sam doesn't know any of this.  But he has questions.  And he wants to see his brother.  So he makes the preparations that should be wise.  And he cuts his hand, and recites the ritual, and calls.
The place is empty, except for the bartender, who understands them perfectly but is either mute or just not talking.  Castiel doesn't care enough to ask about this, either.  He just wants a drink.  Vodka, because Dean rarely drinks that.  Because it is clear and it burns.  The bartender doesn't say a word to him, but looks him up and down, once, when he approaches the bar, and hands him a whole bottle.  Bottom shelf.  Castiel doesn't care about the provenance of his vodka.  He doesn't care that the bartender doesn't talk to him.  He doesn’t care that, for some reason, Gabriel is now wearing a leopard print bandana.  He doesn't care about anything but the memory of Dean's mouth, hot on his fingers, and his sadness --certainty -- that he will never feel it there again.
Cas can play this role.  Angel of the Lord.  Smooth as stone and just as hard.  He played it for thousands of years.  Crowley's banter is venal, and beneath him.  Irrelevant.  He will ignore it.
There were witnesses, to this, the other demons waiting on Dean's judgement in the inner sanctum.  They fled when Dean looked up from Mammon's steaming corpse, eyes black, First Blade in a rigid grip at his side, Mark pulsing red.  And they told what they had seen, they whispered it in every corner of Hell, some hushed, some boastful, but many did not believe the story, or thought themselves stronger than Mammon.  This is what Belial thought.  He came next.  He approached Dean's throne, days later, arrogant, spinning cruel knives in cruel hands.  He did not throw them at Dean's feet in challenge, as Mammon had; he did not wait for Dean to meet him, he only attacked.  He threw one knife directly at Dean's head, arm flashing in a blur of speed, drawing another from a sheath on his back to replace it before its flight was complete.
The passed out are breathing softly, some starting to stir, to moan at their headaches.  Dean does not want to be here in this garage, when they wake.
“Yesterday?  He said he was gonna see Chuck.”
And in Castiel’s trenchcoat, sown into a seam, a long, copper needle.  About the length of Castiel’s forearm, wide as a pencil, except at its point, where it is microscopically sharp.  He slides it from its hiding place, and returns to the bed.
“Cas,” he breathes, and lets his thumbs caress at Castiel's cheekbones, under his eyes.  “Always gonna show you.  Always gonna keep you safe.  I promise.”
“I should have done this already.  I should have done this the moment we returned, from the stars.  I should have done this before I even took you there.  Sam could be… He could have… Or Crowley...”  He looks regretful, and then not.  “But I had to get you away, from that place, that was hurting you.  I had to see you, safe.  I had to heal your hurts. I had to... there was so much… that I… wanted.”
Castiel looks on them with narrowed eyes.  These will do.  They only have to make noise, crash through the bunker like elephants, break things, take up space.  They only have to provide a distraction.  They don’t have to be wise or strong or ancient or influential in the Pit.  They only have to be cannon fodder, for Sam Winchester to fight, and destroy, so his attention is not turned to Castiel, to Dean’s escape.  Castiel’s needs for this gambit ask little enough of his instruments; they can be met by the arrogant and the stupid.  His needs only require bodies, to be met with Sam's horn handled knife.  Bodies to form a wall of rotten flesh between Sam and Castiel’s escape route.
Dean cuts Sam off before he can berate him further.  “I'm here to tell you now, OK?  I'm sorry… For all that crap.  For scaring you, and leaving you; for you having to deal with Cas being… intense, and for not keeping you in the know.  I'm sorry.”
Next he decides instead of banishment, he will do a summoning of his own.  He is the Master, isn’t he?  Then, he will summon some of the demons of the Pit that call him Lord.  He knows that, Master or not, they would just as soon sink their claws into him as help him, but maybe Sam will see them and come to kill them.  Or save his brother’s body, from them.  Maybe they will be a distraction.  Maybe he will be able to drag himself out the door of the cell while Sam is fighting them, and maybe then, outside of whatever demon-depowering wards are on this cell in addition to the ineffectual devil’s trap, he will be able to travel.  Maybe, maybe.  It’s a terrible plan.  But it’s better than lying in a corner scraping at the floor; almost anything would be, and it’s all he’s got.
“Want you forever, angel.”
The desire to go to Dean is so strong that Castiel’s body shifts, and becomes just a little more corporeal, enough to stir the air, before he can stop himself.
,” Castiel orders in a breathless voice.
Dean thinks.
Castiel understands, now.  He understands the ritual that binds what to what.  He understands the red robes, and the calling of Dean’s name, and the blood sacrifices.
Cas shakes his head.  No, Dean does not understand.
In Heaven, the colors around Castiel swirl to blues, and violets and threads of garnet.  The light happiness in his heart thickens, and sinks to his groin, and tingles in his fingertips.  The key of the Host’s song turns to minor.  Stars explode.  Nebulas collapse.  There is war, on Castiel’s planets.  Blood is shed, red and hot.
“I just didn’t think…”  Dean closes his eyes, green again now, and breathes deep.  “I just didn’t think it would happen like this.  So fast.  So soon.”
He puts the fruit in his mouth.  His mouth, he realizes then, tastes like death, and the flavor of the frozen berry isn't enough to break through the decay.  He chews it, tasteless, and swallows joylessly. He wipes the back of his hand across his mouth. “My mouth tastes like death,”  he tells Castiel, still standing behind him. The first words he has said on this outing. Why hadn't he noticed the taste of his mouth before?  How long has it tasted like this?
And he falls.
“I’m sorry,” he mouths into the hair on the top of Dean’s head.  He is.  His sorrow is heavy on his heart.
Those eyes… they… hold him, somehow.  As sure as Castiel’s wings do. There were no eyes in Castiel’s wings the last time Dean saw them.  He is certain of it. He would have noticed eyes like these. Even if Castiel’s wings only flashed in one second of lightning.  He remembers every filament of their construction. He remembers perfectly.
Castiel screams.  Silver light streaks out in blinding rays.  Dean comes, immediately, comes and comes like a fountain inside of Castiel, over and over.  Castiel comes, his body wracking with spasms and his vision gone completely white, screaming until he is hoarse.
Dean scrolls absentmindedly back through Charlie’s texts, once his pet is again secure on his shoulder, not sleeping this time but rippling its tentacles and swiveling its head around to huff in all the scents in Dean's living room (whiskey, more motor oil, flannel.)  It seems to like these better than the kitchen cleanser, as its huffs keep getting deeper and deeper and its rippling doesn't slow down.
Castiel does not want to have to explain himself.  “The library?” He asks again, before Crowley can say anything.
His heart is pounding, and his fists clench at his sides.  This is about how every conversation he and Sam have had since he turned has gone.  Sam just doesn’t believe him.  Not yet.  He clenches his teeth and wonders what it’s going to take-- the exorcisms, the holy water, the trap, his Name, none of it has been enough.  What is it going to take, for them to move forward, out of this stalemate that they circle each other in, now?  Maybe if Cas puts a fucking shirt on before the next time he comes to visit.  And smiles and--
The sun is bright, as before, as always in the Garden, and Dean shades his eyes as he lies on his back, because there is something in the air above him, and he is trying to see it through the glare.  A tiny, black figure, at first, just a shadow, but he is not afraid.  There is no fear, here.
“I think Sam always wants to see you, Dean.”
Dean watches Uriel's grace break into shards.  It shears, shattering against itself into smaller and smaller pieces which then shatter to smaller pieces still.  This continues, fractally, terribly, until some critical threshold is reached, and the pieces are too small to support their own mass and still be shorn by the opposing forces placed upon them by Castiel’s fiat.
“Fuck ‘shouldn’t,” Dean says easily, eyes still closed.  “I’m right here with you, sweetheart.  You ain’t doin’ no wrong.”
“Just take it off.”
Licking its decaying lips to chase the taste of Castiel, the demon runs its yellow fingernails, long, pointed, down Castiel's pale chest.  Castiel flinches from every touch, but that only makes the demon smile its sharp toothed smile, because Castiel cannot escape, he can only flinch and cringe and be hurt.  The demon is naked, and its huge, veined cock is erect, head butting up against Castiel's thighs, his stomach.
And Ana, for her part, thought much the same as she held her brother’s head in her lap.  That here was an angel as they all should have been, an angel that made her proud.  Here was an angel who knew how to love, to be made of love, to show devotion.  She hoped that she could learn, to be like Castiel.  And she hoped that he could find happiness, that he would follow his perfect heart, and that it would lead him to what he deserved with his charge.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Dean,” Castiel said, as Dean stared at Castiel’s feet, lost in softness, and brought Dean’s attention back to his eyes.  Blue eyes.  One word and one word only was spoken--
Dean nods, and casts his arm back, as if he is going to throw Uriel's halo into the fire.
“Cas,” Dean sighs again, and strokes Castiel's back.  It hurts his heart, to see Castiel crying, begging him to understand, to hear how hard it was, when Dean
And black wings.
, but he never… even the night that Ana held him and the longing was so strong his heart felt like it was pierced with a knife, he never hoped for
, and I will not break it ever again, at any cost.  If you raise me up, I will Fall again.  And I will suffer for it.  But it won't be the angels that I will hold responsible for that suffering, Sam, if it comes to that.  It will be you.”
“Right to business then.  Works for me, the sooner started the sooner I can make my exit from the Tunnel of Love.  I want you to dial back your Heavenly Duck Hunt.”
he thought.  To be ash would be to be free.  He welcomed it.
when there's a chance some yelpy cultist is going to be peeking at him, but he also, unbidden, remembers what Cas said to him before he left.
And he wants to, he wants everything Raphael’s grace shows him and more.  He wants to
Chapter 5:  Brother of Light
*****
Dean recoils, just a little, little as he can while inside Cas, Cas’ legs wrapped around him, holding both of Castiel’s hands.  He remembers when Castiel used to touch human souls as an angel.  He remembers that it was
Castiel gives it all back, everything, in one burst.  This thing, blackened and pathetic in front of him, he does not get to love Dean.  He
And when Castiel has finished his tattooing, and put his needle back away in its seam in his trenchcoat, and laved his tongue over every black stroke of Dean's new tattoos, and come on them with a cry, rubbed his semen into the scars, Dean does have him.  Again.  And again.  And again.
Cas slides his hands into the arch.  They skate up Dean’s thighs, pressing him down, and take Dean’s hands in his own.  He tugs Dean up, to standing, tugs him in towards his own body, for the next part.  Not putting on the coat and gauntlets.  That comes later.  No, next, he will check Dean’s skin.  “So that I will not fail to notice if you return to me with injuries, Dean, no matter how small.”  This is how Castiel had explained it, the first time, as Dean blushed and looked away under his scrutiny.
“Yes, Angel.”
“That’s all?  And then I get that knife, for Cas?  It doesn’t like, eat away at his soul or or turn him into stone or make him go blind or whatever bullshit?”
you.”  He spits it out, like it is burning on his tongue.  “How could you… How could you
“He has not sent his agents against you yet.  Not yet.  But he,” a tremor of feeling ripples over Castiel’s hard face, the only one that has appeared there thus far.  “But he will.  He will… try to cure me of my human weakness.”
.  And I was warm again.  Your voice.  It made me strong.  It made me ready.  To do
“It's a classic for a reason--”
Crowley had sent him out for that collection.  Independent from how it made the Mark feel, independent from it taking away his hurt, he was
Castiel tilts his head, and looks at him with eyes deep as ancient wishing wells and as full of longing, but he doesn't say another word.
Dean stared at the phone, for awhile, until the screen went dark.  He
All the spectra of light he had always been able to see were gone.  Infrared, ultraviolet, gamma, he couldn’t see them anymore.  The world was so dim, so dull, and it ached, behind his eyes when he tried to force them to see.  It ached, and when he looked back at Dean, he couldn’t see his soul.
“You are, Dean.  I’ll show you.”
So I guess he chose the water?
Dean squeezes his eyes shut tight, and rests his head against the bars on the door.  “I know baby, I'm coming, I promise, just gotta get Sam off my case first.”
“And the library?”
“That’s not her fault; every time I see her I am also sizing her up, trying to figure out if I could best
He draws Persephone and Hades and Hecate.  A fucked up threesome if he's ever met one. They might be too busy bickering amongst themselves about pomegranates or some shit to pay Dean any mind.  He hopes.  When he starts to draw out Ixion, the tenth name, he hears the heavy door out of the dungeon swing open and Sam come running down the stairs.
On tumblr I am brainheartpizza https://www.tumblr.com/blog/brainheartpizza
Dean pauses, splashes his fingers in the water in little taps.  Thinking about how to go on.  “But now I’m not gonna die anymore, you know?  Immortal now.  And I could do all that bad for me shit if I wanted to, have done some, with Crowley, the drugs, the crazy sex, taken Baby out too fast.  I’ve howled at the moon.  It feels ok, I guess.  But it's not what I want, if I'm gonna be kickin around forever.”
Cas shivered, imagining. He shivered, in Dean's mouth.  Dean's tongue wet on his neck.  On his chest, rough on his nipples, his hips, the line of bone there.  Between his toes.  Lapping at the soles of his feet.  In the crease of his crotch, moist and humid.  On his cock.  Wrapped all around it.  Dean held slave, his tongue on Castiel's body forever.
“Yes, that is how they twinkle, just for me.”  He sounds almost a tiny bit smug.
Dean made a small noise, in the back of his throat, and Castiel thought it might be distress.  He remembered their new rule, the rule that inverted their old one, the rule that said that there could not be silence, between them.  He had broken it, pressing himself against Dean’s body wordlessly, without asking.  He had broken it, and so he tried to sit back up, sit away from Dean, and ask him for the closeness he wanted.
Again Castiel speaks, this time his voice barely more than breath.  “Who do you serve?” He holds his hand up, palm open, a threat.
he thinks.
“What does that
When Sam says “--help,” he says it to the blank wall of his cell.
Sam nods shakily, still hanging his head.  “‘Sorry, Cas.  I'm still trying to figure all this out.  I am trying, I really am but it's so… The Pit and the Mark and your Fall and now blood magic… it's hard.”
Castiel interrupts again. “I meant it, Dean.  I love you.”  Dean’s mouth opens and closes.  “It means
The knives Castiel carries with him are of a second type.  These are the knives given to him by Dean.  These are all beautiful, priceless, unique.  Powerful.  Blessed or cursed or both.  Dean takes longer, to replace these.  He runs his cold fingers over their sharp edges, and he feels fire there.  He draws their points down his forearm and bloods them and feels the pain and when the cuts heal he heals too, hanging each in its place on the wall, getting warmer, closer, coming in out of the dark.
, squirrel.  I guess it’s almost comforting how some things never change.”  He turned and ran a finger along the top ledge of the fireplace facing Dean and Castiel’s bed, and then grimaced at whatever he found there.  “The eye of Heaven is upon us, now.  They are shaking in their sensible shoes, and they are terrified of every creature that slips the Gates, because they think it’s you coming for them.  They think Hell’s policy has become single-minded, and it is making them single-minded.  I can’t get anything done, I have no room to operate, because everyone that’s not immortal gets offed the second they step upstairs.  You need to cut. It. Out.”
And he did find the angel.
He never finishes his sentence.  He blinks and draws back, slams his book closed, stands, knocking over his chair, draws his knife, sheaths it, draws it again, and starts to run towards the armory.
Castiel thinks, sardonically.  He thinks that Dean would probably say that this name goes well with the Birkenstocks, though he isn’t really sure why.  Castiel brings them back from the ash, caustically amused.  The cultist-- Gary-- can’t even feel them, as all the nerves in his feet have been burned away.  Castiel wishes he could take a picture for Dean, of this corpse named Gary, burned and ruined and wearing Birkenstocks, but he thinks that would detract from the severity of the moment.  He will tell Dean, about it later.  He will tell Dean about everything, that happens with this cultist.
happy.  “Sister… I don't… I don't know what to do.  I don't know how….”
Then he picks up a second halo.  Heavier, thicker, the gold glinting dark red.
Dean nods again.
Dean doesn't want to talk about this any more.  As suddenly as he brought Oryx up, and with as little reflection, he now wants to leave him behind.
When he returns to himself, he is breathing heavily, and slick with blood.  The rack in front of him is empty, but also covered with blood and black and bone.  The soul that was held there has moved on.  A ring of hushed silence surrounds him, the screams of the Pit quieted on all the racks close enough to have seen Dean become the whirlwind.  The Mark was quiet before, but now it is singing within him.  Now he is powerful, invincible, vast and unstoppable, he is the wind that comes at the end of time and cleanses the Earth.  He stands straight, and flexes his wings; they crackle with silver lightning, and the ring of awed silence around him grows.  Anything, he can do anything, be anything, have anything.
With his right hand, Dean maneuvers the needle to the first knuckle on the first finger of his left hand.  He taps.  “C”.
Castiel shivers.  Dean is strong.  He can face the storm and the boiling sea, and not be destroyed.  He can ride the waves and the winds, and revel in his mastery.  Castiel can see it in his eyes.  His hands twitch again at his sides.  He wants that, with Dean.  So much.  So, so much.
“Do not be afraid,” He whispers into his charge's ear, as he holds him to his heart.
I could never have written anything that fucking sad if it weren't sandwiched in between a hundred thousand+ words of these two being desperately, obsessively, earth-breaking-oath-making in love with each other forever.
But, no, now is not the time for that.  There will be a time.  Dean wants him, again, he said it.  There will be a time.  There will be forever.  The sooner this warding is finished, the sooner that time will come.  Castiel will be able to touch then, however he wants.
“Yes!”  Dean is so proud of his octopus.  It's so smart.  “Yes!”  He holds up one finger.  “One minute. Just- one minute.  I have to pay for you, and get food and stuff, and…” the octopus doesn’t understand a word he is saying, he realizes, but it is looking up at him with huge smiling eyes anyway.  He shakes his one finger.  “Just… one minute.  Yeah.”
And Dean sighs.  “Cas.  Cas.  You fucking pure fucking hearted son of a bitch.  My fucking angel.  You didn't have to --”
The walk to the creek is long, and silent.
You can follow me on tumblr @ brainheartpizza (https://www.tumblr.com/blog/brainheartpizza).  I post (basically unedited) excerpts in between AO3 updates.
Castiel didn’t want to go somewhere else.  He didn’t want to go somewhere comfortable and warm and lit up bright where Gabriel would slap him on the back and tell him absurd, repulsive stories, and Balthazar would hug him under one arm and smile at him and offer him a glass of brandy.  He wanted his brothers to go away.  He wanted to stay here, where it was dark and cold and where he could be alone in his humiliation.  That’s what he wanted.  That’s what he deserved.
Castiel is brave, though Dean cries.  He tells Dean:  “And when you were written in the walls of my heart, and my mind was my own again, I counted my assets, and I had none.  And I counted my allies, and I had none.  So I prayed to Gabriel for intercession.”
His eyes are dark on Dean’s.  “That’s not everything you wanted,” he says to Dean.  Because he knows.
“I'm sorry I wrecked your place,” Dean whispers to Castiel, as his wings shake free.
Dean thinks that Castiel already knows.  But he wants to tell him, anyway.  He wants to beg for it.  Beg for it from his god.
“A couple of times, I went, and it was OK. I didn’t talk to him.”
“You want it’, Castiel says darkly, responding to Dean’s moan, circling his hips against Dean’s, hardness against hardness.  “You want me to mark you.  You want everyone to see.  You want everyone to know.  That you’re mine.”
He slides his middle finger into Dean, and growls when Dean whines above him.  He slides in in one long stroke, finger straight, and when he is gloved in Dean to the base of his hand, he crooks his finger.
Dean thinks that Castiel already knows.  But he wants to tell him, anyway.  He wants to beg for it.  Beg for it from his god.
“I’ve been here the whole time,” Dean says, in response to Castiel’s tensing.  “I didn’t leave you Cas.  Said I wouldn’t.”
powerful, he
fight, too, on old Earth, during the plagues, though only with a sword. She knows his feet move more carefully, than this, she knows he is more graceful.  He maintains the poor subterfuge, anyway.
Gabriel’s face falls.  Balthazar looks at him in surprise.  There is a bar with half human half panther strippers in Heaven?  And Gabriel has taken Castiel there, but not him?  What?
He can be strong for Dean, now.
His eyes catch on Dean's fingers, bloodless white against the rough grey weave of his blanket.  Why has Castiel allowed that blanket to endure? It affronts him, suddenly. Nothing so coarse should touch Dean's skin.  Dean should have… Softness, only and always.
And then they aren’t in Dean’s room any more.  They are back in the field of Eden.  Dean is still lying on his back, and Castiel is still kneeling, but now Dean is lying at Castiel’s hip, instead of above and away, on his bed.
.  More of Dean's mouth.
Sam doesn’t reply to this, looking thoughtful, a million gears churning so loud in his head that Dean can almost hear them.
Dean’s eyes flick away from the rearview, too fast.  “Wha?  No, Cas ‘n me…”
They stand above.  If God disappears or returns, if Lucifer rises or is caged, if there is a new Master, they do not care.
“For you, Master,” Castiel says, like sex.
.  It wasn’t so
“Talk to me Dean, tell me.  Tell me so I’ll know.  So I’ll know when it’s cold.  Tell me so I can be warm again.”
Castiel does not love that story.  But his brothers look at him with such hopeful eyes, that are clearly covering up such sadness, for him, that he cannot resist them.  “OK,” he gives in.  “OK,” and then as Gabriel raises his hand to snap his fingers, he specifies, “but NOT the bar with the were-panther strippers.”
Dean moves a hand so that it can thread through Castiel’s hair.  He threads it through with long, thoughtful strokes in the new pause between them.  The slight rasp of his skin on hair is now the only sound.
His eyes flash.  He steps forward to where the demon now kneels, abject, in front of him, and touches his palm to the demon’s head.  “Mercy,” it begs again, hopeless, on a voiceless breath.
, but none of the demons in Oraxes’ brood are known for their wisdom.  Eschates was foolish enough to stand up when Crowley ordered demons out after the Winchester brothers, after all.)
Stroking his index finger down Castiel’s back while they fall asleep, Dean’s eyes drifting shut to the sound of Castiel cooing and stroking a tentacle up against Dean’s cheek.
“Dean,”
“Dean, what--” Castiel tries to ask again, but it is too late.
Warnings in the end notes.
in a knife fight.”
“Tell me how I can serve him, please, Lord,” Gary begs, evading the question.  Interesting.  Castiel gives him back some more of his pain.
just summon him, and he
A dark cloud starts to gather, in front of him.  Black lightning strikes.
Castiel squints really hard, held completely still on Dean’s forearm, trying so hard to understand.  Then he speaks, slowly. “Sun,” and he points at the sky with a tentacle. “Freckles,” and he points at a freckle on Dean’s chest.
Castiel stiffened, beside him, the bare skin on his torso shining with sweat.  He stiffened, and exhaled a high, voiceless, cry.
Castiel wiped his face with his trenchcoat sleeve again.  “Dean… are you sure?  That you want to go back there… With me?”
Castiel blinks.  Did Dean say something to him?  Did he not reply, for a long time, too long?  Just thinking about how Dean would feel, how he would sound…
slip upstairs and into pajamas and into bed without waking Cas, or rather that he shouldn’t, that it would be irresponsible of him.  Cas will probably want to soak himself back in salt water at some time in the night, Dean imagines, or even if he doesn’t want to, Dean wants him to have the option.  Dean does
His fingers twitch, and start to comb over Dean's chest again.  Soft skin, soft and warm and fragrant like the forest, and the deep, loamy, earth there.  The earth that grows.  The earth that all life rises up from in the sunlight.  Castiel’s heart beats again.
The demons working the racks were smote to ashes, and crumbled to their final place of rest in the depths.  They could not abide, in this beauty.
“Yes, Dean,” Castiel answered, voice barely audible, hands and roses dropped in his lap.  “Yes.  I… Want that.  Have wanted it.  Have imagined it, through long sleepless hours in Heaven.  For a very long time.”
His eyes are so hopeful, when they look at Dean.  So hopeful because he has thought of this, so hopeful that Dean will accept this kindness.  “OK, Cas,” Dean says, into that hopefulness, and lets himself swallow. He feels himself tipping, again.  Because he is afraid, he knows. Afraid that Castiel will make him a blanket of knives, or of sand that covers his mouth and nose and destroys his eyes if he tries to open them.  He is afraid, but he says yes anyways. He is afraid, but he says yes to Castiel, again, as when he let Castiel tell him his name.
Like a prayer.
They are full of pain.
Ishkar does not understand bravery.  They are immortal.  They are diamond hard.  They cannot be hurt, they cannot be killed.  They only love the night sky, which cannot be taken away.  They cannot be brave, because they don’t have anything to lose.  They wouldn’t be able to bleed, for the night sky, even if it asked them to.
embroidered on his hip.  A risen, red, brand on the pale skin of his corpse.  That would be worse.  Not because it would hurt, again, not because of the pain, not because of that.  Because of what it would mean.  He did not want to belong to Alistair.  He did not.  No matter what he pretended or what promises were whispered in his ear by a tongue weeping with sores.  He did not want that.
He wants all the Castiels, the real one, the dream ones, the ones in alternate timelines that he failed to take care of, the ones in the past, the ones in the future.  He wants them all.  He wants to find the one whose hand left him, and bring him here, where it is warm, but this one, this dream one around him is clinging to him, needy, and mouthing underneath his jaw and starting to get hard against him.  “Please,” dream Castiel says, and Dean gives in wholly to the softness.
“I want to put my Name on you.”
“Beautiful,” Castiel whispers, “my hero.  There he is,” his voice is almost silent by the end, but his meaning is carried in his eyes, in his hands, in his blood on Dean’s skin.  By his Name.  By his Name Dean sees himself, Castiel’s hero, in armor, gleaming, a ray of light catching his hair, his eyes flashing gold.  In his hands is a sword, and he holds it in silver gauntlets.  But on their knuckles, risen in gold, seven letters.
Gabriel pulled the collar of his jacket out from his neck, slightly ashamed.  “Sorry, bro, I just…” he stammered at Castiel’s closed wings. “Hey, you don’t have to say anything to us, OK, but let’s go somewhere else?  Somewhere, I dunno, less dark and emo and depressing?  Somewhere Balthie and I can just kind of hang out, you know, keep an eye on you, make sure you’re not alone, make sure you’re ok, not like, cutting yourself with your blade and letting your grace leak out because you’re so sad like Luci used to in his Goth phase?  Is that OK?”
And when the night comes on Earth and Dean slips into dreams, Castiel does not wait, he spirals down out of the sky, golden banded, dressed in white again, arms overflowing with flowers, and lands at Dean’s side.  He sits cross-legged with his knees against Dean’s, and drops his load of flowers on Dean's chest, and says “I’m going to make you a crown.”
“What do you, what’s,” the leader says, but Dean squeezes his neck and twists at it with his power until he passes out.
“Mornin’ Cas,” Dean says, voice sleepy, heart aching for his angel, who greets him this way, so sure, and is so beautiful.  Heart aching for this moment.  He does not untangle their legs,  He does not loosen his hold around Castiel's back.  He will not let this moment go.  It will end, he knows, but he will not be the cause of it.  His hands keep stroking, in Castiel’s hair.  It’s so soft.  Like little chicks, but they do not peck, at Dean.
Castiel smiles beatifically.  “They do.  They tell me I am their angel.  They don't have to say it, it is in how they twinkle, in the dark.”
“Can you take us back there?” Dean finds himself asking.  “Can you take us back to the field?” Maybe if they can go back there, they can go back to what they felt, there.  Maybe they can get it right.  Maybe they can undo what was done mistakenly.  Castiel can be the sun god, again, not this angel broken and stained on the bedroom floor.  Dean can see him again in the light, and touch him slowly and more carefully, more carefully even than before, and ask, every time, “Is this OK, Cas?  Does this feel good, Castiel, angel?”
Gabriel, and later Balthazar, maintain their watch over Castiel doggedly, but remain silent, after that.
“SERVE HIM NOW,” Castiel commands the terrified demon cabal, his grace pulsing again, burning them.  They stampede through the chasm, desperate to obey him, desperate to escape.  Like a hive of bees that has been tipped over, they swarm. Through the chasm.  Into the Men of Letters bunker.
He starts to pick up speed. “You are the one, the only one, ever, that was so beautiful, so brave, that I had to have you as mine, my own.  You were a flame, sometimes burning white hot and sometimes suffocated and guttering and sometimes wrapped in black smoke, but always burning out the darkness.  Even when you were afraid.  Even when it was impossible.  There you were, etched in gold, one man, that all the shadows feared, no matter how ancient or how deep.  The hero.”
His cheeks grow thin.  His clothes hang, on his frame.
it somehow, some way, then he didn’t just cry silent, luminous, tears, that dropped like diamonds on the marble floors of Heaven.   He
“I did.”  A fact, solemn and hard and undeniable.
*****
Gabriel makes a finger rolling “Get on with it” gesture that Castiel doesn’t see from where his head is cradled in his hands, but says nothing.
Dean collapsed against him, sobbing unashamedly now that his voice was returned to him.  “Cas,” he cried, trying to find a place on smooth armor, polished to a shine, where he could hold on to Castiel with shaking hands.  “I couldn’t leave, I
It drops an octave, grows rougher, deeper, fades into the roar of the waterfall when Castiel's hands, slick and shiny with Dean's own oil, reach down to spread himself apart. “Cas,” He groans again.  “Cas, God...you.”
“Cas--”  Castiel puts a finger on Dean's lips.
It is a confusing question.  Killed?  But Hydra is alive.  First time?  Only Dean Winchester can be killed more than once.  The angel speaks in riddles, and Hydra is far too stupid to answer.  His fish mouth hangs pale and open, and Castiel continues into his dumb silence.
Time and light and the world spiral away from them, as they move against each other.  What they are experiencing is not only sex, it is not only love, it is forever.  It is a promise.  It is why the universe was created.  It is why Castiel watched the earth for a million years.  It is why Dean Winchester came back from the dead, again and again.  Their minds and bodies are wrecked, and flayed, against each other and still Castiel screams, “Closer,” and comes so hard he loses consciousness, and Dean comes too, in the same moment, screaming Castiel’s name.  A crack splits in the stone floor of their room, and all the lights go out.
He feels his face turn red.  His head was already light, empty of everything but Dean's voice, but now it grows even lighter.
But he could not go where he was called.  Not yet, though he cried.
For a second they fell, free, then Castiel put his arms around Dean and spread his wings, and they floated, still.  “You’re safe, Dean.” Castiel repeated, his arms wrapped around Dean’s back and his wings rising and falling steadily behind him.  “You’re always safe, with me.”
Dean ducks his head, and blushes.  “They’re just eyes, Cas.”
“I couldn’t look him in the eyes.” Castiel says, miserably.  “I couldn’t.  I can’t.  Not after that.”
Castiel still clutched himself in horror, but Dean couldn't see him, and so he continued his maudlin thoughts, unaware in his melancholy.
“Cas,” Dean says, both in reply and as if he is tasting it on his lips, imagining it on his skin.
One of them has noticed Castiel and Sam’s arrival, and breaks off from the loose crowd hovering around the dias.  Castiel recognizes him, Oraxes.  In his true form he is shorter than Castiel, obscenely muscled, fingers long with twisted black claws.  Greasy hair is stringy and thin on his scalp.  A tumor grows out of his neck, grey and bulging, with yellowed teeth embedded in it.  Castiel can’t tell if it looks like he has been bitten, or more like the teeth have grown up out of the tumor.  He ignores it, and looks Oraxes in his eyes.  Red eyes, seeping pus.  He does not speak in acknowledgement.
His knees hit the dirty, stony ground where Castiel’s wings are burnt out around him.  He didn’t even notice he was falling.
He knew it would be hard, having a charge so pivotal to the end times, he knew when he was sent for Dean what faced them.  He knew he would have to be brave, and cunning, and strong, and that many evils would come for them. He knew that he might be hurt, or cold, or afraid.  But he didn’t think it would be hard like this. He didn’t think that it would be heavy with small failures. He didn’t think he would want to hold Dean to his heart.
Such a hard day, Castiel thinks, as he strokes Dean's hair.  His emotions, every one, empathetic and murderous and fearful and loving have all been pulled apart and stretched wide like telephone wires over long, hard, stretches of cold Kansas ground.
“ she corrects herself, shaking her head smally, perhaps in private awe of what she sees as his deep foolishness.
him.  Cut him off from his family, brought him low, got him killed.  The most beautiful… And Dean had
“No.”  Castiel interrupts him with a command, absolute.  Lightning strikes and hits a tree, it cracks and groans as it crashes to the ground.  Castiel withdraws his tongue.  He withdraws his head from between Dean’s legs.  He withdraws the touch of his body, except for where he holds Dean down.  “No.  Not yet.”  He’s not done with Dean.  There is so much more, that he has imagined.  The wind is barely more than a breeze, but he lets it pass over Dean, cooling down his skin, banking the fire there.  “Not yet.”
The breathplay:  Dean holds his hand on Castiel's neck and asks Castiel if he can take Castiel's breath.  Castiel assents.  Dean doesn't choke him, physically or magically, but rather tells him with words when he can breathe and when he can't.  Castiel complies.  They discuss it afterwards.
There is nothing between him and the door.  He stretches his hands, his ankles. There is nothing binding him.  He could run, he could…
Castiel eases, eases under Dean's touch.  He wants Dean to do the things he has said he will do. Chain him to the bed.  Feed him his come. Take away sound, or sight, if he doesn't want Castiel to have them.  Kill anyone else that even sees him. Own him.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas narrows his eyes.  “I do not understand that reference.  But I will armor you just the same.  If one of them were to harm you, I would have to take a very long time to Teach them.  Time I would not get to spend with you.”
Castiel feels Dean's hesitation through the bond, understands it.  “Dean, let me, please,” and he sounds so broken, so desperate, that Dean leans back, giving Castiel room, though he's not sure what Castiel is going to do.
He tells Dean how he is good.  How the demons fear him, feared him even when he was in Hell and they thought he was one of him, thought he was subjugated; how the angels fear him, because he understands something they do not.
Castiel's cheeks warm up, and he holds Dean closer, sitting back on the floor instead of on his knees so he can pull Dean into his lap.  Dean doesn't resist.  He's so pliant, now, drained.  He wraps his arms around Castiel's waist loosely, and rests his head against Castiel's chest.  His wings cocoon tiredly around them.
“Just like that, angel.”
Dean laces his own hands together, under his head, and relaxes on them, closes his eyes.  “Feels good, Cas.  Always feels good, when you touch me.”
Dean hangs his head and he pants with the effort of it, with how much he wants, with how badly he needs.  And he moves, barely he moves, slow and intense, arms shaking where they carry his weight on the headboard, his knuckles white from his grip.  It’s Cas around him, Castiel.  The waves that crash against him, the storm that rages around his heart, the eyes he sees in the only good dreams he ever has, has ever had.  He wants to break inside him, to give in to his wild need.  But Cas.  Cas asked him to go slow.  The headboard snaps in his hands.  He folds his wings in, and down, so that they aren’t cocooning around Castiel any longer, but covering him, touching him everywhere, stroking him and claiming him, every inch, no longer naked, now cloaked in Dean, in his touch, in his power.
“Mine,” Castiel says to those eyes, to those tears, as they start to leak down onto Dean’s cheeks.  And he thrusts into Dean again.  Dean tries to close his eyes, hide them away, so that he can be battered by the sensation of Castiel fucking him in the darkness, instead of in the impossible light of the stars that flicker around Castiel.  But “No,” Castiel says again.  “Those are mine too,” brushing a thumb at the corner of Dean’s right eye, so that Dean will open them again.
He wished he could dream that dream forever.
Dean whimpers, in sadness, and opens his mouth, probably to apologize again, but Castiel continues.  “I didn't know what to do.  There are so many enemies, here, and I was so powerless.” Dean’s head is hanging, and a tear drops down from his face, to wet his jeans.
“Too much spinning,”
Castiel’s mouth clips closed, and he seems to chew on that.  “Ok,” he says, the sorrow being replaced on his face with his standard blank stoicism.  “Ok.” Then he stands up. “Let's walk out to the creek. It's a little chilly outside, keep the blanket.”
And then…
He leans back, and brushes his fingers over it, over Dean’s black tshirt. He brushes all four of them there, in a loose comb.  He tugs at the shirt’s hem.  “Can I feel you?” He whispers.  “Can I touch?”  The dim light in their room seems so bright, in his dilated eyes.  How could he have ever thought it was dark, in here?
And Dean remembers everything.  Oh God, he remembers everything.
“But sometimes I wouldn’t touch you for days, I’d walk by you, going to and from the racks, not even looking at you, like there wasn’t an angel fallen from heaven chained to my bed, like I wasn’t dying to cover you with my scent and fuck you raw.  I wouldn’t lay one finger on you. I wouldn’t touch you at all. Not until you begged me for it.”
“Cas,” Dean's voice wobbles.
I'm going for 15,000 reads with this chapter, eeeeeeeee! <3
“He just wanted to know the truth, Dean.  And I wanted that, too.  I’m OK, Dean.  We just talked.  He just asked me the same questions. I just gave him the same answers.  I’m OK.”  Dean is shaking now, this doesn’t seem to be making him feel better.  That the worst
And finally, he can close his eyes and breathe, when Castiel presses his face in against Dean’s neck, and replies, “Never, Dean.  Never.”
Crowley kept him waiting, of course, appearing an hour later, glancing at his fingernails and greeting Dean with “You rang?”
“No, I understand, not
“Think about this all the time, angel,” Dean says, wanting to talk to Castiel while he is gagged the same way he wants to touch him while he is chained.  His voice is low, and too sweet in Castiel's ear for the words he is saying. “What I want to do to you, when I have you chained to my bed. How it would feel to keep you here, and not let you go.  Keep you here just for me. No one else would get to look at you, touch you, talk to you. You would only exist for me. I’d kill anyone that came in here and saw you by mistake. I’d feed you, and clean you, give you my cock, and my come; everything that you need.”
Gabriel gives up trying to get Castiel to talk before Balthazar does.  He throws his hands up in the air, and makes his same red leather couch from the cloud appear, along with a huge TV on an empty wall of the bar.  It flickers with static for one second, then starts playing Caddyshack.  Gabriel lies back, makes himself comfortable, and watches.
He wanted
“Lucifer?” Dean asks, darkly hopeful.  How heavy it makes Castiel's heart, that Dean is hoping for that -- a Lucifer cult trying to end the world.  How it sinks his heart, down into the cold grey sea, to know that the reality is so much worse.
He does not care.  Another grit of sand erodes against his duty to Heaven.  In the future, three drops of blood smoke in a fire and the universe
Castiel raises his hand to snap his fingers, and send Sam back to his cell.
So it is silent in the bar when Dean bends his head and closes his eyes on the hot cement block at his construction site.  His prayer rings out like a crystal bell.
Castiel is not glad, to be the bearer of these tidings, or that he has to bear them now.  But he is a faithful servant, and he has a mission, and for a long time that has meant a lot to him.
Dean is here.  Cas tries to think, tries to breathe, because Dean asked him to.  Dean is here.  Dean can help.  He always helps.  He always tries.  He always tries, for me.  One breath.  Then another.  His hands, clawed stiffly into Dean’s shirt, begin to relax.  He breathes, instead of sobbing.  He breathes, for Dean.  As long as he can, for Dean.
“Dean, I don’t understand what’s going on.  I wanted to stay here like this.  I asked you.  Do you remember?”
his heart said.
“Have any of them ever loved you?” Gabriel asks Balthazar, ignoring Castiel.  “Any of your lovely gentlemen?”
, Castiel was empty.
.  What
“Your
“Did you hear what I said about people who are not immortal?” Crowley yelled back, not waiting for Dean to finish.  “You know who is not immortal anymore?”  He looked significantly at Castiel.  “How do you think it’s going to go for Feathers if he exits the loving embrace of Hell?  Or do you want him to stay down here forever?  Is that what you want for him Dean, really?  Are you actually that stupid?”
Bartholomew coughs a laugh, and Uriel glances towards it, smiling an ugly smile, before returning his attention to Castiel.  “Castiel. Be reasonable. You don't think I can make a mud man say ‘Yes’?” Bartholomew’s cufflinks are undone, now, and he has pushed his sleeves up to his elbows.  As if preparing for dirty business.
Castiel couldn't, either.  “The Leviathan were ancient, and powerful, and they were legion, Dean,” Cas says, looking up into Dean’s eyes, which are still far away.  “They ruined my body and they scratched and clawed and tore at my grace, because they hated me and they wanted to destroy me completely, for subjugating them.”
His fingers are inside, slick with power, slick with
Castiel can guess what Sam wants to research, but he answers anyway, “On what topic?”
Lies.  Papering over a desperate fear.  But enough to stop him from going to Dean embodied.  This time.
.  And.
him from me.  Then I would have… I would have had to…”  Dean's voice breaks, and he can’t keep looking Sam in the eye when he’s thinking about this, so he gazes off distantly, his right hand running over the split skin on the knuckles of his left, where his fingers clench open and closed.
But when he reached up his hands, he looked into Castiel’s eyes, and they burned.  They burned with a cold light.  That was
Castiel kept this promise to Dean, even if he kept it too long.  He kept it, because he broke his first one. He broke the promise he made when he said “I will never let you be afraid again.”  His first promise, to his charge, and broken almost immediately because of his vainglory, the beauty of the curve of his neck when he held his sword to the sky and looked up at it, towards the Father.
“Cas, you and Dean,” Sam is frustrated too, by this dance, he runs a hand anxiously through his hair, “you can be together on earth, human and angel.  If I restore you.  If I cure him.”
Castiel looks at him carefully, and carefully doesn't move.  He speaks softly. “It hurts me, when you do that.”  His eyes lower a fraction, towards Dean's blood stained thigh.  “It hurts my heart.  It hurts my body, through the bond.”  He covers Dean's hand, where it holds the hilt of the diamond dagger, with his own.  “Please.”  He looks back at Dean, with full eyes.
Dean understands that clench of fists.  He has clenched his own fists, like that, before, when it was Cas.  Because he was afraid that if he was given an inch, he would take a mile.  A mile too far.  But he understands now, or he thinks he does, that for him, there is no mile too far.  There is nothing Castiel could take from him that he wouldn’t want to give.  Those clenching fists are clenching around a lie.  A lie they have both told themselves, for too long.  Far too long.
Dean wakes to the sound of splashes.
is how Dean longs for Castiel, in the nights.
He eats all the food that Castiel brought him.  He drinks a lot of water, until his stomach is full and sloshing.  He scrapes the berry devil’s trap up off the floor, and gnaws on the sweetness, on his fingers.
--Be Mine, The Heavy
“You--”
to do, to make Dean say
“Dean,” Castiel moans, and Dean rolls his hips forward, pressing himself deeper inside.  Castiel inhales sharply, his breath carrying a high cry, and the earth shakes again.  This time, the magnitude of the quake is heavier; stones crush and rumble against each other and thunder in the depths.  The wooden slats of the bed crack sharply and the mattress drops six inches. Castiel's fingers sink in to Dean's shoulder blades, holding him through the sudden movement.
Scylla knew the Master’s weaknesses, too.  Number one:  the angel.  And he had reason to hate the angel, who had put him to the yoke and sent him to die.  He had reason to want the angel to hurt.
Castiel kisses him.  Short but wet.  He leans over, to kiss Dean deeper, to taste more of his mouth, to thread his hand into the hair at Dean’s nape and cup the back of his head.  But he pulls away when Dean whines, and tries to wrap an arm around Castiel’s waist.  Kisses ask too much.  Castiel looks away, from Dean's lust dark eyes.  He has to, or he would not be able to deny them.
what was this costing Castiel, to glow and shine for Dean like this, to be this diamond, hard and bright?
blinded and can barely breathe at the sight of him.  He appears, radiating light around him like flame, carrying a sword that is on fire, too, long and heavy and deadly sharp.  He appears in armor, gleaming and with the signs of Heaven gilt and shining on his chest.  He appears and his eyes are so bright they burn straight through Dean, but even so he cannot look away.  He understands why the demons fled from this creature, of light and wrath and purity.  He understands why this was the one, that was sent to find him in Hell.  He understands that this is a warrior of Heaven and of the light, fierce and absolute and beautiful as the sun.  He wants to fall to his knees himself, in praise and submission, but he is too stunned to even move.  “Cas,” he creaks out from his corner, voice raw and broken.
that, and what it meant, hardness, instead of sweetiness.  His blood had run hot with it.  And so he had reached up, his fingers itching to be in that hair.  And Castiel looked down at him, and his eyes were burning cold, and they grazed over Dean’s body like he was going to devour him, and Dean
“Christ, Cas.”
Cas heart pounds in his chest.
Gabriel hauls Cas in under his arm and drags him, pliant and unresisting, to a corner booth.  He leaves him there with Balthazar while he goes to put coins in a red and yellow lit juke box in the corner.
, he says, voice echoing into forever.
A silent tear leaks down from Dean’s eye.  “So sorry, Cas,” he whispers.
He kisses Castiel as best as he can remember.  So sweetly, so soft and careful.
Castiel's eyes haven't wandered from Dean's lips, and his own are parted by shallow breaths.  “Keep me warm?” He asks, voice soft and quiet, eyes wide and dark.
He was wrong.  Dean's longing didn’t lessen.  It didn’t fade away.  It grew stronger.  Almost every day it grew stronger.  And in the nights, it was so strong it throbbed under Castiel's skin, and brought tears to Castiel’s eyes.  Castiel cried, silently, slowly, tears like rain water sliding clear and cold down a smooth glass window, silent as the wind tears leaves from trees on the other side.  And if he thought that Dean was crying too, if he imagined it, sensed it,
Dean does, and he falls to his knees a moment later when a light like a nuclear detonation erupts at the Gates.  He hears a roar as behind him the lost souls are all, to a one, blinded.  The roar fades with the light, and what he hears is a kind of wicked static, and Cerebrus whining above it.  He feels Castiel’s hand on his shoulder, and he opens his eyes.  Castiel is holding a golden bracelet out to him in his free hand.  Dean can see that Castiel’s name is etched in to it.  “Take it,” Castiel says tiredly, when he sees that Dean’s eyes are open.
Sam doesn't look up to meet his eyes.  “He just said that he had to get back to you, that he promised you with his blood.  But he was crazy, he was trying to dig a hole in the floor with his fingernails, he was crying, I had no idea what he was talking about and it was like he couldn’t hear me when I tried to talk to him half the time.”
to long for Dean.  He didn’t know how to want something that he didn’t have.  He didn’t know how to think about living differently than he was living.  In Heaven.  Waiting for orders.  Waiting for the next feint, the inevitable next volley to arise of of Hell and need to be vanquished.
“Not convincing me, Cas.  If you’re not sure you can beat her, you sure as shit don’t need to show up at her doorstep asking for a favor.”  Dean’s face becomes pained.  “What if she doesn’t like it?  She could hurt you.”  He pulls Castiel’s waist closer in to his embrace.
“Dean.  Hero.  Master.  It will be done.”
Back in the shadowed corner of Dean's bedroom, tears leak from Castiel's eyes, and he so wants to appear to Dean, and take him into his arms.  Fill the room with light and whisper into his ear “It's alright Dean.  I'm here.  It's OK.  That's not real.  It's not real.  It never was.  It never will be.  I'm here, with you.  Always, with you.”
Cas’ eyes are leaking tears, his fingers are clenching on Dean's wings.  “Please, please, more.”
“OK,” Dean says, and rolls all the way over on the couch so he can look at Castiel without straining his neck.
The leader.  Probably the strongest, or the most powerful.  The most dangerous in a fight.  Deliberate, Castiel unsheathes his knife.  His voice pretends to be casual, but it is casual draped over a block of ice, when he asks: “is this the one that cut you, Master?”
He doesn't know how, but he wants to.  Oh, he wants to.  The want is sharp, and wide, in his heart, digging into his lungs, making it hard to draw breath. “Let me show you, Cas.  Let me touch you.  Please.” Just to touch Castiel, right now….  He's dizzy from wanting it, from just imagining it.  How it will feel to touch this beauty in front of him, with stars in his eyes.  How good.  Sparks fizz in the tips of Dean's fingers, where they might touch Castiel.  His heart pounds every beat a heavy ‘thump’.
Castiel wakes from a perfect dream, of stars, and warmth, and peace, and Dean, with his head still rested on Dean’s chest.  He can hear Dean’s heartbeat.  There is enough left of human in the demon that the heart still beats, and Castiel is thankful for that.  He listens to its steady thump and it soothes him, like the tide coming in.
And there, Castiel breaks free of his shackles.  They are nothing.  He is power, he is the light.  He is an angel of the Lord, and he cannot be contained.  He burns with a pure, white, radiance that leaks from all his cuts and heals them.  It is so bright, it is so sharp, Castiel's light:  it blinds the demon that hurt him and it staggers back, hissing in pain, dropping to its knees with its hands covering its smouldering eyes.
Not enough.  Not this time.  “Say it, Cas,” Dean’s voice wobbles.  “You have to tell me.”  A plea.
“Good.” Castiel says, and his ferocity is real, and Dean hears it all the way in his heart.  It is so much better than “I'm sorry.”
The hand does not leave Dean's shoulder after the angel speaks, and it burns still.
“No.”  Castiel withdraws his hand immediately, and leans back.  “No, I told you, not yet.”
Castiel hissed, and stepped in front of Dean, his Smith-blade drawn.  Dean sat back, eyes slitted, and willed himself to stillness.  This was not normal.  Castiel did not usually guard him so aggressively.  He usually did not need to.  This she-demon must be powerful.  Or an old enemy.  Or both.
Sam has learned from the first time, though.  So Sam is thoughtful, Sam is careful.  This time he does burn sage, before the summoning, in Dean's room, in the garage.  It makes him sad, to do this, because it means whatever Dean is, he doesn't live in the bunker, anymore.  But it's necessary, so that Dean can't summon demons through the wards to rescue him, this time.
And there is Castiel.  He is all in white.  It is an initiate’s garment that Dean does not recognize, it probably is correct to the period of his armor, Dean imagines, but he doesn’t care, because Castiel’s eyes are still blue and Dean’s Name still glows, on his neck and he is still looking at Dean exactly the same way he was in their room.  Exactly the same way he always has.
(See the end of the chapter for
“We have been over this.  I told you.  I don’t want you to have to.  You don’t have to do this for me.  Just stop.  Forget them.”  He takes Dean’s face in both hands.  “They're not hurting me anymore.  They’re not worth it.”  His face breaks a little bit.  “Hate it when you’re gone.  Even when I’m asleep.  It’s so cold, when you’re gone.”
Castiel kisses Dean's cheek, his temple.  “What can I do.  What can I give you.  How do I help you.”
But Castiel didn't believe her.  He didn't, he
He should not be surprised, he reprimands himself.  Didn’t Dean say he would stay, just before Castiel sank into sleep?  And isn’t Dean always true?
Cas looks down at his arm, lying between them like a corpse.  He doesn’t answer, right away.  Dean is becoming hysterical.  “
"Not as dangerous as on the surface. Trust me, I know Sammy, if we leave him up there in the bunker in research mode he's going to come up with something we're not going to like."
But Castiel never came.
He is so greedy for it.  He is so thirsty for it.  How many million heart beats have gone by, since Dean’s body was under his hands?  Too many.  And Dean is so beautiful.  Freckled and golden, lean and strong.  Long eyelashes, pink lips.  A spare trace of coarse, ginger hair leading down, down.  Castiel's lips part wetly, and his tongue sticks to the roof of his mouth.
It seems, as far as Dean can tell from where he stands and listens to them argue, that neither he nor Cas was right.  The closest Dean can compare it to, if he had to explain it to Cas, right now, is
“I tried to ignore it.  I thought he was happy and it would ruin him if he knew I was alive.”
Chapter 19:  The Siege
“I don’t know.  I don’t know how you twisted… what you did when you put that mark on him.  I don’t know how you did it.  I don’t know why I can’t exorcise you, I don’t know why a devil’s trap doesn’t hold you, I don’t know why holy water doesn’t burn you.  But I’m going to figure it out, and I’m going to free Cas, and I’m going to put you down.  I’m not going to let you keep wearing my brother’s face.”
happy.  Dean’s longing was
that there was nothing in the world Dean wanted more than Castiel in his arms, but that now the moment was broken and he would never, ever, have it.
it too, he feels now what Dean feels, it feels like a hand of ice is squeezing his heart.  And a thought, so loud and sharp in Dean’s brain that it punches through to Castiel’s consciousness, too.
at it.  Pulls and twists it into new shapes, hot metallic shapes that
Castiel gestures at the grace-cloud, buzzing like a transformer with a frayed electrical wire with sharp, electric sparks.  The air polarizes, and turns to the scent of burnt ozone.
“Can I come inside of you, Dean?” Castiel asks as he continues to circle, and grind.  Breathless.  He wants to mark Dean there, too.  Inside of him,  inside his body.  Painted white with Castiel's come.  Over, and over, and over.
Cas is in the throne room, and there are demons circled around him, waiting for him to notice them and tell them what to do.  They don’t do anything, anymore, unless Castiel tells them.  He is draped over Dean’s throne carelessly, his back against one arm, his knees bent over the other.  He isn’t noticing any of the demons, right now, he’s flipping a knife in the air and ignoring them.  It's one that Dean gave him, the knife.  Gold.  Big, uncut, chunks of emerald ornamenting the hilt.  When Dean gave it to him, Castiel thanked him solemnly, and when he blooded the blade on his bare forearm he said that the jewels reminded him of Dean's eyes.  Dean blushed, but he knew.  That is why he had selected it.  So that Castiel would be reminded.  Of him.
“Yeah,” Dean replies, breathless, dizzy with Castiel’s kisses, drunk with them.
again has to be his mantra.  He has to try to believe that it is
Castiel closes his eyes and gingerly rests his head back on his pillow.  He waits.
There is another flash, whiting out Dean’s eyes, and when he can see again, Castiel is on top of him.  Body pressed against his with a surging roll, arms straight like columns on either side of his head.
When he is fully seated Dean relaxes back onto his bed of flowers, and shows Castiel his eyes again.  They are flecked with gold, but rimmed with shimmering tears.
“Why?”
“You love him, don’t you,” Mary says from the shotgun seat.
“You’re a monster.”
Crowley is too slick, for that.  He doesn’t even look up at Castiel while he speaks, his eyes fixed on the halo.  “Sorry, Feathers, ‘spilling my guts while I braid your hair’ wasn’t part of the deal.  My reasons are my own.  Now.  My halo.”   He holds his hand out, expectantly.
Castiel fits Dean’s feet into the boots next, one at a time.  Snapping each buckle down, starting at his ankle and working up to his to knee, not too loose, not too tight. Dean feels his blood beating against the leather where it holds his legs fast.  He flexes his toes and glances at the manacles fixed to the posts of the bed he is laying on.  He thinks about how it would feel if Castiel were to bind his legs too, hold them still while they are wrapped tight, and his back arches up from the mattress as he releases a soft breath.
“Dean,” Castiel says, and squeezes on tighter, and breaks Dean’s heart with a tiny whimper.
“No, Cas, God no, it's
“I'm here Dean.” He doesn’t know what Dean said. [
Dean shows the picture to his pet, thinking maybe it will like it or maybe recognize it (?), but it just bats the phone away because it is in between itself and its goal of climbing back on to Dean’s shoulder from his chest.
“There's so much I want to do for you, Dean.  So much I’ve imagined.” Castiel answers Dean’s unfinished question, his voice as steady and hard as his eyes.  His voice
“But Crowley--”
And Dean is... still, finally.  Just still, pillowed in the stars, weightless, safe.  He had forgotten this feeling. He did not remember that this stillness of body and mind was possible, he has been always too hot, always striving, planning, always afraid, trembling, thrashing, his mind always circling itself, jittery, constantly panicking or numb from pain and heartache-- for too long.  He wants to remember this feeling, this safety, and he wants to remember this the moment that he felt it again in his second life, and that he felt it with Castiel. He wants to hold this stillness in his mind until it is set down there to keep. He has not wanted to make a new memory since before the hell hounds dragged him down, but he wants this one.  He wants to keep this still moment next to his heart, like a shiny jewel, and pull it out the next time he feels like the meager bile of the universe.
He is staring into Castiel’s eyes, when he says “Yes.”
Dean’s eyes focus on the needle, narrow, brow furrowed.  “Whatcha got there, Cas?”
Gabriel interrupts him, pointing a finger at Castiel’s face and narrowing his eyes.  “Make.  It.  Stop.”
He focuses back on the ongoing argument.  Some of the cultists, it seems, want to be able to
to do something other than he was ordered--
“Of course you don’t.”  Dean could hear Crowley’s eyes rolling.  “But, surprise, I don’t care whether you like it or not.  Take it or leave it.  Bring in my contracts, or go back to drinking a truly pathetic amount, beating up on poor defenseless demons and passing out in congealed creature blood.  Your choice.” And he hung up.
“Just… just don’t go.  Don’t go, please, Dean, it hurts.”  He was burning.  He was freezing.  He was Falling.  But now… now he knew what Dean’s eyes looked like.  He knew, and he clenched his jaw and closed his eyes, and imagined green flecked with gold.  He imagined himself sinking into that color, he imagined the flecks of gold spinning around him like stars.  He imagined flying again, light and free, through a whole universe made only of that exact shade of green.  He imagined it until all he could feel was green, and he slept, for the first time since his Fall.
Charlie said 3, but they arrive at 1.  Dean thinks that the lakefront might be a lot for Castiel to handle, with the sun and the sounds of all the other people and the scents of frying catfish, and Charlie might
He kisses Castiel with honey lips and breathes out the air that Castiel breathes in, and it is easy to be these things-- honey, and air-- for Castiel, if that is what he wants.  He can be anything, for Castiel. Castiel's eyes are closed again, braced against the sensation of Dean's kisses, so Dean runs his thumbs against the crinkles that peek from the corners until he opens them.  He loves those crinkles.  He loves how they deepen, when Castiel smiles at him.
Chapter 3:  Sunshine
The man tilts his head, and frowns.  “Do you think you are imagining me now?”
Gary answers immediately, this time.  Eager to please.  “The blood ritual, Lord.  The ritual that binds.”
Castiel imagines that the argument might take half an hour.  He has witnessed many arguments between the brothers.  30 minutes on Earth.  300 minutes in Heaven.  Eighteen thousand seconds.  The counting grounded him before, gave him something to focus on, gave him an immediate purpose that he could achieve.  So he will count again, he thinks.  He will count again to help him master the panic.  He leans back against the headboard of the bed and closes his eyes, and listens until he can hear the beat of his heart.  He counts its beat eighteen thousand times.  Eighteen thousand times, and when it is over, Dean has not returned to him.  He thinks maybe he counted too fast, maybe his heart is beating double time, because he is so afraid.  So he counts to eighteen thousand again, just to be sure.
Castiel wants.  He wants Dean to sink in his teeth, and mark him, he wants to writhe underneath as Dean makes his claim on Castiel’s body tangible. Castiel whines highly, and his fingernails dig in to Dean’s back.  “You like that, angel?”  Dean’s mouth pauses, breath hot on the flushed skin.
He wishes his Father were here, to tell him.  But he’s not.  Chuck is gone, and Lucifer is vanquished, and it is only Castiel, small and hurting in the Pit, needing Dean.  Loving him more than anything, having to do his best.
He looks around the garage, checking again for similar that he missed, clues to what is going on here.  But the walls are white and bare, and the concrete floor is marked only with oil stains, and the wobbly devil's trap.  All of the cultists are now either passed out or dead.  The dead are crumpled on top of each other, the pool of blood spreading and blackening beneath them.
Though there is a price.  He tries not think about it too hard, as he walks out into the armory.
Castiel buries his hands deep in Dean's wings then, again, and Dean
---Present---
Castiel’s soul.  Where is it?  Where has it gone?
--Dead Leaves and the Dirty Ground, The White Stripes
“We have to go back,” Castiel agrees, solemnly.  “But we will always be here, Dean.  This was… I will carry this in my heart forever.” Castiel’s eyes are deep and blue, steady in Dean's, and he strokes gentle fingers of one hand over Dean's cheek, while his other hand traces lightly over his own heart, igniting tiny sparks that still remember Dean's touch.
Cas reads both right off him.  He reads the
He looks up at Dean to see if he’s got it right so far, and Dean nods encouragement. “Yeah, that’s right, buddy.”
He screams, and screams.
Dean releases a deep breath.  He lets go of Castiel’s hand, reluctantly, and without looking up weaves back past him, back through the corn rows, back towards the Impala.
“Do you know why you are here?”
-- licks Castiel's face with its black, forked tongue, tastes the salt of Castiel’s sweat there.  It is bitter.  It tastes like pain, and fear.  The demon likes it, and laps again, talon rising up to press its point into Castiel's chin and hold his face still so it can taste him again, and again.
Dean’s eyes snap back to center.  ”Yeah, about that, Sammy.”  He takes a deep breath.  Too much shit has gone down because he and Sam have lied to each other.  He is trying to move them forward, here, stop repeating the same old dance.  He has this image, in his head, of himself and Sam and Cas, drinking beer, eating pizza, being happy.  Maybe they’re eating and drinking in Hell, if there’s a dog under the table, begging for scraps of pepperoni, maybe it has three heads and speaks Latin, but they’re together, and they’re safe.  That’s what Dean wants.  It’s kind of golden, this image, around the edges.  He wants to make it happen, he
“I’m sorry Dean.  I thought you would want to know.  I still don’t understand.”  Tears form up in Castiel’s eyes, too.
He laces Dean’s fingers in his own, and kisses the back of his neck again, with soft lips.  “Come with me to our room, Dean.  Come with me--”  he tries to stall.  Just for a moment, just for an hour, or one night. He doesn't want to have to tell this news, face this ugliness, be the one that does this to Dean.  There is so much of softness, that he could have instead.  Dean could take him--
“Of course, Sam.”  He puts one hand on the back of Sam’s chair.  He feels a tingle in his neck as someone else works the opening spell on the library door.
“Come back any time, Highness,” she laughs, dark but merry like the rippling shadows of a fire, as he draws the curtain back.  Her laughter follows him as he slides through the curtain and transports himself to the plane of fire, where his next errand awaits him.
Castiel.  That is what he wants.  Now, always, only.   Castiel.  To be with him when he is filled with this power he can barely contain, to take him into its wake and have him, completely.   Castiel.  His angel.
“Yeah, but--” Dean tries to repeat.
He thought:  it would lessen, fade away, until it was nothing.  He thought:  Dean’s new family would fill up Dean's heart until there was no room left for Castiel, and this
His voice is down to a whisper “I wish I could keep you here, just like this, just with me.”
But Dean is gone.
His lips stay just parted after he finishes speaking.
“Oh, sure, ok, so was zero the right number when you had your naked glitter bubble New Year’s party and I walked in on you with your glitter covered dick down Alan Cummings’ throat???”
Castiel closes his eyes and nuzzles his face into Dean’s touch.  The last of the tension he’d been carrying since Sekhmet appeared finally leaks out of his body.  “Thank you, Dean.  I love you.  Thank you.”
Dean checks the price on this tank.  $300.  Much more expensive than the growly chinchilla.  He lowers the price tag back down slowly, sadly.  That would really push his budget.  And it’s probably slimy, anyway, no matter how cute it is ...
One day, all day, ignoring Gabriel and Balthazar, who sit on the grass behind Castiel, drinking mead and slow-clapping at him, smiling and yelling at him as he hums his sweet, wordless song:  “I told you so, you stupid son of a bitch” (Gabriel) and “I’m happy for you, Cassie.  We all are,” (Balthazar).  Ignoring Gabriel passed out on his back in the grass in the evening, singing The Boating Song at the top of his lungs. Ignoring it better than Balthazar, who shoves at Gabriel's side and slurs “you never rowed for Eton, you heathen,” in his primmest British accent, and then passes out snoring on Gabriel’s chest.  All the while Castiel smiling at his brothers, and the scented flowers, and choosing the best ones, and harboring secret (but not secret) in his mind the thought :  “I love him.”
“One time is one time too many, Gabriel!!  The right number of times to take your dick out in front of your brother is zero!  Zero times!  Zero even if we do have to be brothers for all of eternity!”
Dean’s hands have been soothing over Castiel’s back, up and down, and he slows now.  His voice drops low when he replies:  “‘Course, Cas.  Been with you.  Been keeping you safe.”
And that’s how it works.  Simple, but not easy.  A soul for a finite, one-time-use punchcard of grace.  At least a sliver of grace returned before it’s all used up, to pry the soul back out.
“Then OK,” Dean said, and took one of the flowers out of the heap, a daffodil, and bit down on it with his teeth, breaking the flesh of the stem.  His eyes were rings of gold, heavy lidded, and the freckles dusted on his cheeks were brown and uncountable.  “When you’re done making my crown, will you touch me, again?”  He asked around the stem of the flower, in his mouth.
He goes in to the gas station to pay, and he buys a bottle of water and a bag of gummy bears for Cas.  Fuckin’ angel loves gummy bears, though he would never admit it.  They go missing, when Castiel is around.
He adjusted his hard hat tighter on his head, though he already had a headache, and he went back to work.  Subdued and silent, for the rest of the day, not answering the jokes and requests of his crew members with more than a nod until they left him to his melancholy and the air horn sounded again for the end of the shift.
“Come on, come for a walk with me.  You gotta stretch out, you’ve been squished back in there all day.”
Castiel once again ignores Crowley’s insult, and turns to face him.  “That will be all.”  He turns back around, dismissively.
It would be so beautiful, to belong to Dean.  He would be so beautiful. Tears stream down his face.  Dean doesn’t have to ask why. Dean feels it, too. Castiel would be so beautiful, as his prize.
He calls him thus again.  “Serpent.”  Voice like poison.  “If you don’t want to help me, fine.  I’ll pray to Gabriel.”
Anael wrapped her pure, white, wings around Castiel’s shoulders, and her soft skinned hands around his face.  Her wings were warm, and her hands cool.  And she so gentle, voice and touch.  “Why do you not go to him?”  All the Host wondered this.  Especially in the nights.  Many teardrops fell then.  So many.
His fingers pluck the grass.  They find a dandelion, and he plucks that too, and brings it to his lips.  He blows a gentle breath and watches the seeds float away on the breeze.
“Dean,” he said, just one word, and it quavered.  “He… I can feel him.  He needs me… He calls to me.  My charge, he calls.”  He was shaking.
Through stars, and darkness.
Cas’ shame bursts up inside him like a fountain of neon, hot and bright.
“Tell me,” he says.  “You're safe now.  I have you.  Tell me.”
.  “I gotta take care of you, now.”
“Not if the Vessel says No,” Castiel replies, voice hard as stone, teeth grinding, back straightening again.  “Then you will bring nothing.” His wings flash behind him, for a short second.
Dean’s legs are held tight over Castiel’s shoulders and Castiel’s hands are firm and strong on Dean’s hips but still Dean squirms.  That is how Castiel knows it is good for him.  That and the sounds that Dean breathes into the ozone air.  Not words.  High breaths.  Moans.  Short screams.
“They would not hear me.”
*****
His eyes flash.
But if I decide that I want to call Castiel to check on him, there are going to be some rules if you want to get to talk to him too.”
.  His name is not
But his stomach rumbles again, and Castiel’s eyes narrow.  “Dean,”
Neither?  Or, well, at first he wouldn’t let go of my shoulder…
Lucifer took the angel Iblis as his lover when they arose together in Hell after the Fall.  Maybe Iblis loved Lucifer, or maybe worshipped him, or maybe only wanted to be close to his power in the new regime.  Lucifer does not speculate on Iblis’ motives, but his own motives are clear. Lucifer did not love Iblis.  Lucifer did not want his boon companionship through all the eons.  Lucifer did not even want his worship.  Lucifer only wanted to use him.  Not for pleasure.  For power.
“Yeah,” Dean replies, breathless, dizzy with Castiel’s kisses, drunk with them.
Castiel’s hands leave the headboard, and his arms wrap tight around Dean’s neck.  He kisses the top of Dean’s ear, mouth wide and gaping, he kisses the side of Dean’s head with mouth wet and open, uncoordinated and hungry.  Dean’s hair is soft on his lips, soft on his tongue, and it tastes like honey.  He buries his eyes in Dean’s shoulder, and rocks against him,
This is the longest chapter in the entire fic, I think.  It took a long time to write because I was traveling a lot for work these last couple of months, but I wanted to finish it before Thanksgiving and I made it by 2 hours woop!  Happy Turkey day to you all *MWAH* <3 <3 <3
well, so much that it bound him in the future in times when he might have touched Dean, and comforted him, but did not, because he could not be sure.  Because Dean did not say “touch me, Cas,” or “hold me Cas,” or he said it with his eyes but not his words and that was not enough.
(See the end of the chapter for
He slides down Castiel’s body like sin. He bites the flesh of Castiel’s inner thigh, and growls, his face pressed up against Castiel’s fat cock.  “Gonna taste you, angel,” he says, breathing in Castiel’s musky scent, tasting the air. His mouth is watering. “Gotta.”
He twists one off the vine, careful not to crush it between his fingers.  The vine doesn't pop or crack or glow or do anything weird, like it might, if it were bespelled.  He knows that doesn’t really mean anything, but he lets himself pretend that it does. Castiel is still and silent behind him.
Balthazar’s mouth flaps open and shut like a fish’s.  Gabriel steps in smoothly, and takes up the cause. “Why not, baby bro?  He’s never gonna hear.  Balthie and I won’t say a peep, right Balthie?”
And he wants…. To look into his charge's eyes.  Green as autumn leaves, he thinks they would be, if they were not so vacant, and afraid.
Every night.
He is wrong.  The pain slices through Dean, the pain and the claim and the fire and the golden light and the feeling of belonging to this deity, this god, for all of eternity, and it is too much for him.  He cannot control himself, no matter what he has been asked.  He comes.  He comes in fountains, on his stomach, his chest, on Castiel and Castiel’s other hand, still on his hip.
“I ended them,” Castiel growls, more stars leaping and spinning around him, his entire face blurring in and out.  “But I was in such a haste to get to you. I ended them
.  Like it is the fate of the world.  He dreams that it could last forever, this light, sweet getting in his heart like strawberry lemonade.
“Ok, Cas,” Dean replies, though his heart’s not in it.  He is sulking, and thinking.  Cas doesn't see Sam's use of mind control on him as ‘trying to hurt him,’ but Dean's opinion differs.  He thinks that the fact Sam was willing to risk it at all is harmful enough, in and of itself.  Sam didn't know it wouldn't work.  Sam tried it anyway.  Castiel doesn't perceive it as hurtful, but it's enough to start the red fog smearing and smoking around the edges of Dean's vision.
