How can I remember it if it’s nothing?”
That name sounds so familiar. Kate’s his mom, he guesses. He wishes he’d been able to see their faces in the memory, but any real part of his past remains frustratingly out of reach. What’s the point of putting up with these headaches and dreams if the memories aren’t going to come pouring back in?
The Midwestern trucker looks at him in consternation, but this seems par for the course or something, because Michael receives no help at all.
“I just ran the guy over! How do you think he’s doing!”
“I could take him on the road through tomorrow morning,” Roger says, “but I have a turnaround, and I think I’d rather take him to the police station. See if they can get some thumbprints or ID, and get him home safe.”
“You wanna knock on the door, see if you can take a look inside?”
Dean is silent.
She raises her eyebrows. “That’s good.”
“Yes,” Martha admits. “But she lived to a ripe old age, so I think it couldn’t hurt. Just a little family tradition to help him along.”
And then the mack daddy of concerning questions. Can he actually die? Did he just dream up getting robbed yesterday, or was it all just a wild hallucination? His duffel might still be on the bus.
“He was as good a son as anyone could have asked for. Polite. Gentle. Kind. More decent than I ever thought I could raise a child. Married a woman just as good-hearted.”
“Oh my fucking god, Laurie, call an ambulance, wouldja?”
Because it couldn’t go any other way. He refused to even consider the possibility.
He is not visited by angels for a full year, during which the edges of the world start to crumble. Tornado Alley is patrolled by weather anomalies and fault lines quiver all over the States. Mountains shed rocks in landslides and tides come in higher and rougher. The Behemoth is pulling at the fabric of reality from the abyss beneath Purgatory. Dean drinks and gets tired, gets used to the absence of Sam like the absence of a limb – slowly, through false starts and sleepless nights, with his teeth gritted. The sun and moon wheel over his head faster and faster, accelerating him through the seasons as he drives and remembers everything. Plastic wrap on apple pies from the gas station, cider from roadside markets, gunpowder burns on Sam’s hand like freckles, a handful of silver bullets glinting in the evening sun. They come to him in dreams and on the road, in the bar, at the rest stop. At the lip of a bottle and beneath the treads of a tire. It’s heaven on earth and sometimes he thinks he’ll never die but continue through eternity watching scenes from his life replay on the backs of his eyelids as he lies sleeplessly in dingy motel rooms.
“Okay, wait, I still have questions,” Adam interrupted. “How did I meet you guys?”
Castiel stares at Adam, and Dean slowly turns his head to look at him, too.
The man puts a cup down on the table and then sits down in a dinged-up folding chair across from him. He pushes the cup toward Michael, who grasps it and wills the warmth inside to dispel the pinpricks in his skin. It’s coffee. He doesn’t know if he was much of a coffee drinker in the past, but his body doesn’t object to it, so he takes a sip and relishes the feeling of his muscles loosening up.
“That’s very kind of you, but I’m afraid I’d be intruding.”
“Not really. Just that it was bad, and Castiel had to take them.”
Adam turned out to be, considering he was related to the Winchesters. But he guesses being eaten alive by a ghoul kind of evens things out on the Winchester curse deal.
family. My mom’s dead. Whoever I’m related to through my dad ain’t family.”
They shake hands, and Michael just leaves. It seems wrong, somehow, but he can’t do anything else. So he boards the bus, this time with nothing but his ticket, a bottle of Gatorade, and the clothes on his back.
“How?” Something inside him says he should be offended.
“Yeah. That was before I remembered, uh. Before I died, the first time.” There’s a fizzing feeling in his stomach, like he’s going to puke. “All I remember is – you guys called in the Cage, right? It makes sense, in the dream, but when I wake up, I don’t know how to describe it. It feels impossible.”
and then, eventually:
Castiel tilts his head. “I don’t know yet. At the very least, you’ll have to let me look into your soul and your mind to assess the situation.”
“Maybe I’m just not that interesting.”
“Oh. Well, I always thought he must be a pretty big asshole.” He tries for a smirk, but the freakout is getting real and he has to stop his leg from jittering. “You, uh, got questions for me?”
“Again,” he says.
In September, Castiel sits down across from him in a burger joint in Arkansas. There’s no animosity between them and he’s surprised by this until he realizes that they are each just as tired as the other; they sit there, wordless, for a time. There’s a spot of blood on the lapel of his trench coat, no bigger than a thumbprint. Dean hasn’t had his ear to the ground in a while but he knows the powers of Heaven have been clashing. The odd corpse turning up here and there in the news with smoking craters for eyes hasn’t escaped even his notice. That tiny red dot is more confirmation than a hundred headlines that the war isn’t going so well these days.
“Okay. I – yeah, okay.”
“Uh.” Adam doesn’t look at him, scratches his head. “My freshman year in college. I was standing in line at the dining hall, and I was thinking about – like, mundane stuff. Grades. Plans. What I was going to do that week. I was dating Daisy at the time and we were supposed to meet up tomorrow afternoon to go someplace.” He shrugs. “Not spectacular.”
“An angel. With like, wings and everything?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Right,” he says, and hoists the duffel bag over his shoulder, heading out to the car.
Castiel continues as if Dean hadn’t interrupted. “However, I would
They end up getting lunch first at Cousin Oliver’s Diner, which he vaguely remembers, as if through a haze. He’s probably been here a hundred times and just doesn’t know it. Kevin is staring morosely at a menu when the waitress who seated them asks Michael his name and if they’ve met before.
“I don’t remember that. Any of it.” He shrugs. “Kevin said you were ‘power-hungry bastards,’ but – I mean, aren’t you supposed to be the good guys? All I knew about angels back then was what they taught in church. Messengers of God, helpers of mankind, all that stuff.”
“I...”
“Why?” he presses anyway. “I mean, you don’t even know me.”
“Thanks,” he says hesitantly. “I, uh – I don’t have any money, sorry.”
The music has been turned down to an acceptable volume and Dean is actually humming louder than James Hetfield at the moment. It’s “Enter Sandman” from the snatches he picks up, and the thumping on the steering wheel matches the rhythm guitar beat for beat.
He doesn’t quite know why, but he stands all the way up and heads for the front door.
Adam falls asleep in Ohio and wakes up in a fancy room with lush oil paintings in gilt frames and beautiful woodwork furniture. A crystal chandelier hangs from the ceiling, over the head of a businessman with a friendly round face, deep-set eyes, and a dusting of gray-white hair on his bald head. He’s eating a hamburger, which is weird, because in a room as fancy as this, he’d expect to be eating filet mignon and caviar, or whatever rich people eat in rich people restaurants.
“Don’t worry about it.” She practically swans over to the trucker’s table, where they’re still perusing the laminated menus Susie set in front of them.
“No, ma’am,” Dean says, putting on a disarming smile and kicking Cas under the table. Cas doesn’t react to the kick except to shoot him a glare and turn to her as well.
He watched her fall asleep, listened to her breathing and smoothed her hair from her face. That night, like so many other nights, he couldn’t sleep. He remembered long drives in the Impala. Stitches in his hand. An enormous moon shining down on a deserted road. A furtive Christmas in Illinois. Sunlight glinting off broken glass in the salvage yard and the smell of hot asphalt. Apple pie under plastic wrap at the convenience store. Arms that held him tight as he died.
“Maybe community college? State school, even?” Kevin scratches his chin again. “I dunno. Depends on how everything pans out.”
“Absolutely.” Val knows for a fact that her husband wasn’t built like this kid, but in relative terms, it’d be a step in the right direction.
“Kate. Her name was Kate. She never took my dad’s name. It’s – just Milligan, I guess.”
“I think so. Or maybe – I guess I’m trying to find Sam, sometimes. But there’s a lot of moments where it’s just nothing. Like,
Michael just nods. Valerie is still trying to piece together “novel impositions” herself.
“I don’t know,” she replies. “All I know is that the police won’t be able to help him. This doesn’t seem like that sort of problem.”
Mount Rainier vanishes and he's alone in the parking lot, staring angrily at the trunk of his car.
“Top of your class?”
He feels old. Very old. He’s almost forty now and it seems like he’s at the end of his life. Everything feels like winter, which doesn’t match the sunny Californian weather. He looks at his face in the mirror when he shaves and finds new wrinkles. He buys a two-liter bottle of orange soda and drinks it with Cas on the end of a motel bed, watching Lifetime movies and making sarcastic comments. He teaches Cas to drive and soon he’s in the passenger seat almost constantly as they move from place to place, wasting time. He’s living much longer than he ever should have and it’s apparent in the way he forgets dates and places all the time, forgets faces. He’s been drained for a long time, now. Someday Death is going to knock at his door, sit down for some pizza, and take him away, but he doesn’t have an ounce of shit to give about that anymore. He’s just happy to be here.
“Oh.”
“We are not getting underwear from a Goodwill,” he says, and pushes him into Runnings, wherein he gets two packs of boxer briefs slapped into his hands. Kevin also does a little shopping for auto repair stuff. The guy at checkout doesn’t even raise an eyebrow.
“Yes. There are obvious risks associated with this consultation—”
“So what’s weird about me?” He shifts uncomfortably in his seat. “Am I a vampire or something?”
He shakes his head. Mostly because he doesn’t want Kevin to confirm that he’s died multiple times from supernatural causes. “Maybe later.”
Kevin shoots him a look while his call picks up. “Hey, Sam? Just wondering, how long does it fucking take to pick up a rotisserie chicken? Yes. No. Nope. Bye.”
He seems concerned. Like, genuinely concerned. He’s sitting there with his brow furrowed, staring intently at him. Michael almost feels a little bad for trying to leave.
“Oh, real mature, Sam. What are you going to do next, sing an annoying song? Ask me if we’re there yet?”
He could practically see Dean trying to doctor the story in his head and giving up. “We thought you contacted us from Windom, so we drove over to figure out – y’know, if you were a monster or not. And just as we got convinced that you weren’t, you and your mom tied up Sam and tried to eat him. We found your real corpses in a crypt out in the woods.”
“Holy shit,” he gasps. “Okay. You wanna tell me what the hell just happened?”
“Leviathans,” Kevin says. “People-eaters from another world, basically. Kind of like ghouls, but more of an all-at-once type of deal.” Oh, this was a bad topic to get into. “They could take anyone’s shape, and they decided to climb the corporate ladder to start turning the States and Canada into a farm.”
The guy shrugs. “Yeah, but you’re not hurt, so. You could just go.”
“Where were you applying?”
Last time, he’d hopped in the Impala and driven almost across the country. Dingy motels. Shady bars. Pine trees. Staticky news channels where anchors discussed the fall of SucroCorp. Ran over a dog, then moved to Texas. And the time before that, he’d buried his brother in Pontiac, Illinois, then drank blood like whiskey. And the time before that, he buried him in Dunnellon, Florida, then hunted for six months until he slammed a stake through Bobby’s back. And the hundred times before that he’d woken up, and woken up, and woken up. The two times he’d stopped it, he’d killed someone.
“It’s settled, then,” Martha declares. “I think I’ve got some of Rodney’s spare clothes in the attic. Those should suit you much more nicely. Don’t you think he’s closer to Rodney’s size?”
Michael shrugs. “Where do we find that?”
Well, since there’s no other apparent choice, he has to go with the road trip option, and just pray that the guy isn’t about to go postal on him. Not that it would matter, apparently, but his previous two brushes with death weren’t pleasant, so. He takes a deep breath.
“Yeah. Cas, you good?” He jerks his head in the direction of the car. “Be back in a minute.”
Adam gives him the
When the bus pulls in, Scott has been yawning for the past hour. It’s about four in the morning, and the other passengers are queueing up slowly.
things, not just sudden flashes of whatever. He knows the missing parts of him are out there, somewhere.
But suddenly there’s a picture.
“Sure. I dunno. I just…” He doesn’t want to discuss specifics, but if getting his memories back means reliving
“The way you talked about her, she seemed like a good person. She didn’t deserve to die like she did. And neither did you.”
“Morning,” he croaks, rubbing the sleep out of his eyes and stretching his arms and legs as far as the car will let him.
Castiel has this thing where he just lets his arms hang by his sides. Sure, he uses them to emote, but not very well, and not very often. It draws attention to him, not that he notices. Most people fidget or fold their arms or put a hand on their hip, but not the angels. Their arms are basically deactivated when they’re not being used. With the tone he takes, Castiel should be gesturing at him, but he doesn’t.
“And he did like you.”
“Maybe. I might know someone who knows him. And if I do, I’m going to kill him. The someone I know, I mean. If it’s the same John Winchester, he’s been dead for a long time.”
Kevin takes a sip of his gas station coffee. “You wanna tell me what it was?”
“There’s no safer place. That thing is spooky-proofed. Crank the seat down, take a nap. We’ll be done in no time.”
“Mornin’, sunshine,” Dean says. “Did you dream up Texas Chainsaw Massacre IV?”
He looks to Val with questioning eyes. She shrugs. He bites his lip for a moment.
He walks around to the other side of the car, gets in the driver’s seat, and pulls away, and they leave Windom behind.
“Thanks.”
Kevin is a very good driver. He signals even when there’s no one around, does head-checks, stops at every stop sign, and follows the speed limit with an awe-inspiring precision. His turns are smooth and he always grasps the wheel at three and nine.
Of course, he blurts out, “Are you possessing someone right now?”
He shakes his head. “Godzilla’s fake.”
He just keeps staring for a moment. “Like, you don’t have to stay in the ER. You know that, right? It counts as false imprisonment or some shit if they try to keep you against your will.”
There’s an alarm going off in Michael’s head, but at a distance. “It does sound suspicious.”
“Are you in college? OSU, possibly?”
“End of unheard message. To listen again, press
“No. I had to get his consent before entering him.”
“Okay.”
His house looks the same. Exactly the same. If Kevin hadn’t told him he’d been – well, dead, he assumes – for the past twelve years, he’d have just walked right up to the door and tried to let himself in. His house is still three levels, one aboveground, a small attic, and a basement, with three windows and a door facing the road. The broken bird bath in the yard is still there. The shutters are still open. The siding is still in need of a new paint job. And his stomach is still as heavy as stone.
The trucker shrugs. “To be honest, ma’am, I don’t think he’s dangerous. He seems like he’s been through something awful, to not remember how to order a drink.”
His limbs are stiff and uncooperative and
He shrugs. “I don’t know. Something about the air, I guess.”
like he’s been through hell and back. He has dirt and black residue from the asphalt smeared everywhere, some light bruising along the side where he got the love tap, and hey, there’s even some blood still on his shirt from the stabbing.
He felt strange. Everything had become quiet and he couldn’t pin down when it had started to be that way. Something was wrong, or nothing was wrong. There was no way of knowing.
It’s only about half an hour in by the time he starts drumming his fingers on the steering wheel. He’s not averse to some quiet, but it really, honestly feels like he’s sitting next to a trauma time bomb. It’s unfair, but the kid relived getting eaten alive, and if he has a violent side, Kevin reaaaally doesn’t want to discover that while going a very illegal eighty-five on the interstate. But people cope with life changes in different ways, and stuff like that, so he just keeps quiet and hums along to a waltz.
By the time he gets to the kitchen, the only person there is Kevin. There’s a plate of pancakes and bacon on the table, which he assumes is for him. Kevin’s almost too mesmerized by whatever’s on his laptop screen to notice him, but when Adam starts eating, he looks up, and mumbles
“Exactly.”
Because if Dean was a part of his living and his dying, if he was flesh and blood and constance, if he was his
“Hey, uh, how’d you get into the whole monster-hunting thing, anyway? You don’t seem like the type. You told me about the whole prophet thing, but you’re retired from that, right?”
“No. Dude, I have amnesia.”
“Twenty-four. Why, are you planning on stealing my identity?”
The sit in silence for a moment before Michael, fidgeting with the cardboard wrapper of the Hot Pocket, looks up again, unable to come up with an exit strategy. “So… what happens now?”
Speaking of which, Scott steps back into the break room with a Hot Pocket wrapped in a couple of napkins.
He shrugs. Honestly, not really, but he doesn’t really have a leg to stand on. “I can’t die, apparently, so who am I to say that vampires don’t exist?”
“Okay.”
“Did you gank it?”
“You all right?”
A familiar face.
He makes it to the first stop fine, at least according to what he can make out of the city in the dark – mostly street lamps and enormous buildings stretching up into the darkness of night. All he has to do is walk across the bus terminal to the Megabus bay, and he boards without an issue.
“Dogs?”
When he moves them, he feels like he’s snapping his bones in half. He groans in pain, and the man makes a nervous sound and helps him sit up against the wall, and very, very slowly, stand.
Kevin stares over the menu at him like a hunter watching a deer as he orders. Hey, he’s doing much better than the first time. He remembers what drinks are, and stuff. Burger and fries.
“It fucking sucked,” she said. “I don’t remember a thing, thank God. You always think your mind is your mind and nothing can get inside –your thoughts and emotions are just chemical reactions, purely physical processes, where does a demon even
She shakes it firmly. “Roger. Call me Valerie.”
“Not sure, ma’am.”
He roots through the duffel bag to the sound of Kevin’s snoring. Apart from an absurdly big can of Morton’s and a weird number of water bottles, he can’t find any potential tools that a serial killer could use, so he figures he’s actually safe. All the shirts are definitely too small, but there is, in fact, an Illinois University sweatshirt that is kind of loose on him. He doesn’t even try the pants. The jeans will just have to stay on for an additional night.
The house is quite small, even with two floors and an attic. There are two bedrooms and a bathroom on the second floor, and a sitting room and a kitchen on the first. One of the bedrooms used to belong to Valerie’s husband, but it’s been taken over by David, who’s started snoring somewhat fierce in his old age. There are photos all over he walls of family and friends, mostly grandchildren – Lucy and Harry could probably take up an entire wall by themselves. The rest is all wooden furniture and doilies and armchairs and beige carpet, college paraphernalia and souvenirs. Paintings, mostly landscapes of rolling hills and rivers.
“No,” he says firmly. “Can you, uh, swing by the lake? I can give you directions.”
His arms have been tied behind the back of the chair he’s sitting on, and his ankles are duct taped to the legs of the chair. There’s a blue tarp laid out underneath him and he
“Sorry?”
And for what? He’s just some amnesiac dude who happened to meet him while he was on the job. By all rights he should be back in Ohio walking from town to town begging for scraps like a wide-eyed Dickensian orphan. He could be a ghoul. He could be
Castiel looks at him with Jimmy Novak’s face and falls into his arms. He’s home.
“’Kay.” He tries MILLIGAN next.
The response is immediate and deafening. Castiel’s true voice sounds like bells ringing inside of bells, turning in on themselves. He shoves his fingers into his ears and grits his teeth until it’s over, then reaches up and touches one of the rings.
“I wasn’t scared,” she whispered as they lay on their bed that night. “I knew you went with Castiel, so I told Allison you’d gone to see one of your old friends... she was worried.” There wasn’t any reproach in her voice, but her face was lit up by the moon and she looked infinitely sad. He put his hand on her waist, felt it rise and fall with each breath.
David comes home that evening to a strange boy in his kitchen pulling a casserole out of the oven while Martha is setting the table. Setting his boots to the side, he ventures down the hall and pokes his head into the room.
Roger nods uncertainly. “That’s mighty kind of you, Valerie.”
He shakes his head wordlessly.
“Have you found any strange or unusual markings on your body?” He changes the subject abruptly. “A handprint, perhaps?”
“Shut up,” he says, and it is literally the equivalent of sticking his tongue out. Dean snorts.
“I mean, kind of. Remember all that bloodline stuff? It’s ancient history. Trouble always finds those guys. But despite all of that, they’ve pretty much come out on top, so.”
Somehow, they don’t bring up his mother again until they check into a shabby motel for the night under fake names. Their room smells like smoke and one of the two wall-fixed lamps is broken. Michael sits on the bed closest to the door and then falls onto his back, listening to the rusty springs squawk under him. Kevin kicks off his shoes and slings his duffel on the floor next to the bed near the window, then heads into the bathroom to splash some water on his face. And then he sits down on his bed and checks his cell phone for messages. And then he asks Adam a question.
The picture is most likely cribbed from her driver’s license. She has blonde hair, an oval-shaped face, fair skin, and a slight smile.
“Indiana. Then I might swing by Kentucky on my way to Texas.”
Breakfast is bland by anyone’s standards, but goddamn, after a couple of days of near-death experiences and half-powderized granola bars, anything remotely warm is a godsend. He inhales it, downs the cup of acidic orange juice in one go, and sits back, contented. Then he sees that Kevin’s done packing and is just looking at him in amusement.
He showers, shaves, changes into his last set of clean clothes, and leaves the motel.
“That’s all right. Rodney loved to read, so if you do, too, just help yourself.” He motions to the crate full of worn paperbacks on the desk. Michael nods wordlessly.
“Your grace?”
thing kinda sticks with you.”
He wipes his mouth with his napkin and folds his hands thoughtfully. “That waitress almost recognized you. You’re a murder victim, and until we know whether they found an identifiable body, we don’t want to raise any suspicion.”
“I’d like to talk to him after you’re finished with your meal, if that’s all right, Mr.—”
-level trauma, so he’s entitled to some silence in between interrogations. She just turns the radio up and listens to traffic reports and old-time-religion music. It’s one of the only stations that can still get to play when they’re properly in the mountains.
Kevin hems and haws for a bit before following a hunch and taking a look at the Minnesota missing persons clearinghouse website. A quick CTRL+F search brings up one Milligan.
her mouth and chin are stained red, and that’s his blood dripping down her jaw, and he can’t breathe right. It’s too fast, too shallow, and the wound in his arm keeps gushing, pushing out everything he needs to survive. He’s not going to survive.
of them, since I’m assuming you don’t have the big-ass handprint scar, but resurrections are rare enough that I thought someone would have come sniffing around by now.”
“Cas is Castiel? The angel?”
Adam laughs. It’s a sharp, brash sound, but Kevin finds himself grinning, too.
Adam cracks the window for some air and folds his arms. The name
he retches. It burns his throat and chokes him.
“I was hungry, dude,” he says defensively, but Kevin just shakes his head.
The owner of the gas station kicks him off the property after a couple of hours, but not without a bottle of water, which he shrugs and counts as part of his string of good luck. So he just starts walking.
He did not retire; every hunter knows there is no turn-off from the road. But afterwards, everything left him alone, which was what he’d been hoping and praying for all along, even if it was only in secret hopes and furtive prayers. Monsters gave up and ran off and a door swung shut behind them, closing with a weary thud. He knew it was different this time because before, in a month or two, he’d have found himself driving down a quiet country byway with no one but the trees and the plains and the sky to watch him stagger from motel to motel, sleeping with a gun under a pillow that smelled like cigarette smoke.
“Um, pretty much sane. Yep. Aside from recovering some horrific memories and drawing a total blank between 2009 and 2010, he’s just kinda shaken up. Anyway, when were you going to tell me there was a
“Shut up, Sam.” The kid was in one of his moods again. It was probably puberty, seeing as he’d shot up two inches in the past few months and was encroaching on Dean Height territory. He didn’t fit into his clothes quite right anymore, and he wasn’t gaining weight proportionally, so when he folded himself into the passenger seat, he looked like a broomstick strapped down by a seat belt.
When it comes down to it, he doesn’t know who’s who – they used to call Dean the Righteous Man, who was Abel, but he’s always felt more like Cain, with a coldness in him, dark as Guinness. He feels like he’s struck his brother down, anyway, and isn’t that all anyone remembers the older brother for? Didn’t Cain wander like this, too, until he faded into obscurity?
“Not bad,” she says, and stares into his eyes. “You’re a sweet kid.”
And now she’s dead. A lump grows in his throat. Everything he knows is gone.
standards.”
“Just coffee for now, thanks, no cream or sugar,” the trucker says.
“So, what’s the deal?” Susie somehow manages to make her whispers drill right through a person’s ear in search of their brain. “I saw you talking to that trucker, do you know him?”
“Yeah.” He looks down at the remains of his pancakes. “It’s just weird, I guess. Like I had all this life before, but now it doesn’t count. And I’m starting over again for the second time in a month.”
“He was the best of us. Completely loyal to his Father, and a great lover of humanity. What you learned in church wasn’t
He receives a withering stare. “If anyone’s home, I’d want to talk to them. If it’s someone from around here, I wouldn’t want you showing your face at the door anyway. Do you want to unlock your brain or not?”
Hunters are only a society in the barest of terms. It’s a scattering of blue-collar shadows bent on vengeance or nothing at all. Most of them are old, but some of them are young, with fresh wounds. He sees Sam’s face in every hunter under thirty because they share his little brother’s burning desire to help people and to get revenge, but inevitably they show old and bitter edges, and that’s how he reminds himself that they aren’t Sam and never will be.
“The problem is that I don’t know if he has a home to go to.”
“Hey.”
“Hey,” they say, shaking him by the shoulder. “Hey, are you okay?”
“No, there is no problem.”
He’s gone before Michael can even protest.
at the wound like a leech and it feels like she’s ripping out his muscles and veins through the open wound and he can’t. stop. screaming. He tries to rip his arm away but not-Officer-Barton puts his hands on his shoulders, keeps him clamped down and he can’t move away from the pulling, burning
obvious risks? Okay, well, running into someone we pissed off, and
“So he’s not going to kill us or anything.”
“I think there’s a different reason. You haven’t touched the cookies, dear,” she admonishes Michael gently. He scrambles to shove one in his mouth. “My instinct is to let him recover and find his own way home. I wonder why that is.”
“It’s not that I don’t like him,” Kevin says after a moment of consideration. “It’s just that our history is a bit… it’s complicated.”
“Close your eyes. Try not to think of anything in particular. I’ll be quick.”
When he finally brought himself to touch the lighter to the gasoline-soaked cloth, Cas was there, too, so silent that he could have been a mirage in the heat of the fire, every word that came to their mind in the tongues of angels and humans crumbling to dust in the flickering light. Sam watched, even though the smoke made his eyes sting and water, and he didn’t bother to wipe his face. When the flames had their fill and only burned in embers, Cas stood next to him.
“Are you sure that’s a good idea?”
The upturn of his tone at the end seems to comfort her. “I’ll get you some water. But if you feel any worse, just come right up to the counter and we’ll get you some help, okay?”
It’s eerie how silent everything is. There’s not even the sound of running water. He passes through pines and low-lying fields with one eye on the mountain, wracking his brain for the memory of how it looked two weeks ago. A field with red foliage, surrounded with green pines... that could be any field. He wanders out into a few to look up and see whether the ring is above it, but it never is. At noon he sits down on a boulder on the trail and takes the map out of his pocket. The ring is barely visible above the peaks of the pines, and the mountain is at his back.
Because once he stopped the end of the world for his brother, but the world is different now, and they weren’t the same people as they were back then. Change meant, at least in this case,
they’re going to kill him. A chill settles in his stomach and his mouth goes dry.
“Oh, yeah.”
They don’t talk much about him, since there’s really nothing to say, and he’s kind of wary about giving away his memory problem. Scott seems like the type of guy to worry about that. He lives in an apartment with two roommates; he’s a college dropout; he’s one of the only people who contributes income to his family after his sister ran away from home. He talks about his family a lot. Fourth of July celebrations when he was a kid and they lived in Naperville. Birthdays, anniversaries, graduations. Stories that stir something up in Michael’s memory, like blowing dust off of the cover of an old book.
He didn’t actually see Cas again until March came to put pale green buds on the trees. His heart jumped when he saw the Impala parked in his driveway and a man leaning against it, hands in his coat pockets, not quite looking at anything. When Sam called his name he turned around and waved in greeting. Same blue eyes, same dark hair, same shirt and tie.
There’s a brief pause, and David digs through his memory to see if he has anything that might help him. He’d spent a few years writing down all of their family history with Rodney’s help, so his recall is fairly good, considering that he’s getting along in years. It doesn’t seem to keep Michael’s interest very well, though. David wraps up the story with his grandmother’s death in Pennsylvania and a few comments on her fine character.
“Hey, kid, you all right?” Roger asks gently.
“Dean. I’m retiring.”
There’s no response. Roger looks at the kid. He has a white-knuckled grasp on the armrest and a thousand-yard stare.
They move down the creaky little hall next to the staircase to the kitchen, where a small table is set up with three chairs, one of which is already reserved for a tall stack of newspapers and magazines. The kitchen is cluttered, too, with (admittedly clean) kitchenware everywhere, magnets and postcards and newspaper clippings coating the fridge, and plants growing wildly on every sill.
“I don’t know where I’ll go when I die,” he said abruptly, breaking eye contact. “I don’t have a soul, Sam, and I lost the privileges that I was blessed with when I chose to stay here. So neither heaven nor hell. Purgatory, maybe, or not even that. So we’ll have to wait and see.”
“Better than usual, actually. How’s driving been? Seen any Blair Witches?”
It’ll be someone else’s job when you die. You can bear the mark, you can hold the blade, and you can kill the Behemoth. You will, or you won’t. You can save or condemn. You have more power than any power or principality in this world. Are you still going to run?”
“I do. Since I know you were killed by ghouls, I’m fairly certain she was, too. Ghouls usually feed on corpses, but I’ve heard they’re not beyond going for live victims. So it probably… ate her, hid the bones where it knew the cops wouldn’t look – like the local graveyard – and took off again to find someone else to eat.”
The math takes a moment to sink in.
Sometimes he dreams about standing over Sam’s funeral pyre. He wonders what coping technique Bobby would have recommended. The ghost is gone but his memory of Bobby, the part that’s supposed to stay here, hovers in half-silhouette at the edge of his recollection, a beard and a threadbare trucker hat and a gruff voice, the rumble of a can opener on a tin of beans, the smell of motor oil and Old Spice and whiskey. A hundred moments floating like dust in his memory but no body for them to live in. He remembers through a sea of fog.
They toss everything into the back seat and then he looks back at the Runnings, the circular red logo slapped onto bare concrete. Old. Even older than he remembers.
They get to West Virginia by climbing up into the Appalachians. It’s well into the morning by the time Adam wakes up again, and Kevin has another two empty cups of coffee nestled in the center console. He’s paying a lot of attention to navigating the narrow, winding roads and avoiding collisions with trucks.
“A farm? Like for people? Wow. Assholes.”
“It’s not a particularly OSHA-friendly career. She was attacked by a vampire. We almost didn’t get there in time.”
Mom-not-Mom strokes his hair as Joe-Barton-not-really takes a deep pull from his arm. He’s crying. And everywhere the smell of vomit and blood and antiseptic.
“I think I just developed, like, diabetes. Jeez.”
happened to me. When do we start?”
“Uh, so,” he begins, “You remember me?”
“I worked with him for a while, and we had some personal issues. Look, I’m not saying the guy’s a saint, but it’s either that, or I drop you off on the side of the road, or you get killed on a hunt.”
“Are you fuckin’ crazy?”
Kevin pays in cash and pushes Michael out the door in front of him before the waitress can come around and stare at them again, and then they drive to the library.
The thought moves his arms and legs until he’s sprinting to the crater, sliding down its sloping side, staring up at his friend in his true form. Cas doesn’t acknowledge him. He waves at some of the eyes, but they don’t look at him. Well, that’s not true. They’re looking at everything. The faces shift silently into each other.
“Take the gag out, he’s going to suffocate,” she snaps. Not-Barton obliges, prying the stocking out of his mouth, and he heaves again, vomiting onto his own lap, eyes stinging. He feels like a kid. He doesn’t know what’s going on, he can’t control his body, he just puked all over himself like a toddler. And the thing with his mom’s face looks almost tenderly at him, cups his cheek in her hand.
“Well, that’s the thing, isn’t it?” Kevin drops his duffel bag down on the bed and starts packing. Michael gets another look at the enormous Morton’s. Nope, not a hallucination. “What
Well, the kid’s not really a hitchhiker. He was walking barefoot on the asphalt and Roger had to honk to get his attention. It took a lot of convincing to get him into the passenger seat. For his own safety, really. You never know what kind of sickos are out on the road these days. He can’t be older than eighteen or nineteen. About Justin’s age. The thought of his nephew lost and alone on some Ohio backroad makes it easy to ignore the kid’s uncomfortable silence and wide-eyed stare. This is someone’s kid, too, and it’s his job to make sure that someone gets their son back in one piece.
“Sure, Dean. Look, all I’m saying is that we don’t have all the time in the world to make a decision, but we have
The average hunter is not from a heavily urbanized area. Monsters tend to be much more straightforward when there are trees and dark places to hide in and fewer people to see them. Kevin, because of Certain Events, is not an average hunter. He’s a bit more book-smart, less of a drinker, knows a thing or two from the tablets that the average hunter doesn’t. He suspects that this is why he’s lasted so long despite being smaller and less experienced than most. Well, he’s nothing to mess with now, but his sense isn’t as sharp, his decisions come a split second slower. Also, he drinks way too much coffee.
“How did you get here, son?”
by the Russian National Orchestra (according to the display on his beat-up mp3 player).
“Valerie,” she exclaims warmly. “So good to see you!”
“Look, I was gonna take you to the police or a hospital or something, but you don’t seem hurt, so before I decide where to take you, we’ll get something to eat. Sound good?”
He snorts, punching in some settings and pressing the big silver BREW button. “Look, Adam, we’ll probably see each other again, knowing Winchester luck. Don’t worry about me.”
“I’m sorry,” he says after a moment. “I think – I have a headache. It’s – sorry.” He rubs his eyes and the bridge of his nose.
Michael shakes his hand. “I’m Michael.”
“Yeah,” he manages. “That’s her. That’s my mom. I guess they never found a body.”
When Kevin returns and turns the car back on, it’s been a full forty-five minutes. He looks pensive, and doesn’t say anything until Michael prompts him to.
For some reason, the others turn to Castiel, who stares back at them for a moment before he realizes he’s being cued.
“You were applying, right? When everything went down?”
“I’m not joking.” She tucks a flyaway strand of gray hair firmly behind her ear, resting her arms on the table. “If it was my daughter running around out there naked and alone, I’d hope to God someone would take care of her. And I’d rather not have you dropped off at a truck stop somewhere – or even at the police station. Roger here has done a fine job getting you back to civilization, but I’m under the impression he has a deadline to meet.”
Kevin, thankfully, is back.
Martha watches Valerie drive away to cover the evening shift at the diner. Michael is still standing awkwardly near the door, probably reeling from the sentimentality of her hug. She turns left to open the closet and takes out one of David’s jackets, handing it to him.
“I promise.”
It was cold, and a wind passed through, and Sam shivered.
But only so much. A couple of times he gets kicked out of a restaurant or gas station and ends up walking, trying to hitch a ride on the way.
“Yeah. If you died in – wait, how would you remember it was 2010 if you’ve been missing since 2009?”
“You’re doing great.”
“I’m hitchhiking,” he says honestly, and tries to get up again, only to for Pete to literally grab him. Damn, this guy really has him zoned. “Look, I’m sorry, but you should really focus on cancelling the ambulance. I’m fine, I gotta get going—”
He turns his phone on and slides it across to Michael, who picks it up and reads the screen. It takes a few moments of blank staring before his brain registers the contents.
They end up passing at least seven of the twentyish hours talking about Adam’s memories. Kevin is continually amazed at how, well,
“That sucks,” he says.
Kevin makes a face. “Not zombies per se, but there are things that eat people and are undead and stuff.”
nonsense. He fought to protect you for a very, very long time, since you were just a clump of cells swimming in a tidal pool. But he wanted to be a good son, even if it meant ending your world and killing you.”
“Nope. But after some detective work by yours truly, we recovered his actual name, and it’s not Michael. Want to guess what it was?”
“Sleep well?”
Cas looks at him in confusion, but the kind of confusion that’s like,
Something is familiar about this. Something about the rumble of the engine, the weight of a bag at his side. Someone else driving. He stares out of the window with half-lidded eyes. People walking by – at the stoplights, at the crosswalks – something… familiar. Old rhythms. David’s fingers tapping on the wheel.
Sam clears his throat. “Let’s, uh, table that for now. The number one priority is Adam’s safety. This house is pretty solid, don’t get me wrong, but it’s no…”
“Well, are we?”
There are a couple results. The website archives articles from all over Cottonwood County, so there are a few Milligans that he’s pretty sure aren’t him. There’s no mention of his mom, either.
“He’ll have to contact someone who still belongs in the Heavenly Host and might know what’s going on,” Kevin explains. “Heaven is just a constant chess game with a thousand players nowadays.”
“Eggs,” his new benefactor announces. “Bacon. Banana. Got you some toast. OJ. Sorry if you’re a vegan, I just grabbed a bunch of stuff.” The plate lands on the desk next to the pull-out sofa.
“She was a good mother. Knew how to push me, knew when I needed sympathy and when I needed to get my ass in gear. It wasn’t all sunshine but I wouldn’t change it for a thing.”
He frowns. “They can do shit like that? Wiping memories? And you said they’re usually involved in resurrections, right?”
As if cued, the memory surfaces again – she had blond hair and soft hands, tired eyes, a warm smile.
“A friend of mine had a Labrador. Pretty big, or maybe it was because I was a kid. Dogs have been pretty cool to me since then.”
“I think so.”
True to experience, the little twerp got bored of getting smacked in the face with bugs every five seconds and slumped back into his seat, rolling the window up. His hair looked like a sad little haystack on top of his head. He folded his arms over his chest and stared adamantly out the window.
“Really, Sam?”
Yeah, Kevin lied. It’s not just that they don’t get along because of personality issues – Kevin and Sam have some pretty serious issues with each other. It doesn’t help the anxiety bubbling in Adam’s gut. He’s not sure what’s going to happen, but it might not end up being real pretty.
He took the creamer and set it down on the counter. She kissed him and they watched black coffee drip down into the glass carafe for a while.
They’re like echoes from a past life. He remembers bits and pieces but they don’t really feel like him. It’s almost like childhood amnesia – there’s just nothing that far back because he’s lost it. There’s still a huge blank space blanketing everything from his death to the time he woke up in the field. He knows there’s something there. It wasn’t just nothing. If it’s memories of heaven, or hell, or wherever people go when they die, that’s a part of him too, now, and he doesn’t like it when things are hidden from him.
Which is a big part of why there is a little voice in the back of his head saying hey Kevin, you’re ferrying this kid across the US because he’s Sam Winchester’s baby half-brother, since when did you start doing things because of the Winchesters, huh? Adam is an amnesiac. Probably repressed a lot of traumatic memories. And from the peek he took at the records back in Windom, they probably do, in fact, involve dying horribly, being eaten by ghouls. Gathering from the screaming in the car, one of them probably looked like his mom. Not a happy memory to go out on. It’s really, really, really not his problem, he doesn’t do the Winchesters favors, he doesn’t take on charity cases like this, but there’s this hunch – Sam knows Adam, somehow, and Adam doesn’t remember Sam. The asymmetry of their relationship sounds, well, like a typical Winchester thing. Be associated with them, get heaven and hell and everything in between baying for your blood, and no one to help.
Winchester brother? Did you know about him?”
“I don’t know, Adam.” He draws two more sigils and then touches the wall again, making the protective network glow, this time with three new additions. “That should be enough.” Satisfied, he pulls up the chair from the desk and sits down across from him. “If you have any questions, you should ask them now.”
“Dean.” He leans forward, prepared to defend his – whatever he’s going to say.
“That’s for sure,” she sighs, not unsympathetically. “My land. I got quite a scare when you walked in the door, but… you don’t remember anything else, do you?”
He groans silently into his hands and sits in the Burger King until four in the morning, napping intermittently, before deciding to try his luck at the gas station across the street when a U-Haul rolls in.
At first, it’s just him, but then, in an instant, his world floods with white light.
“I’m fine, actually,” Michael wheezes, pushing himself up from the asphalt on his elbows. He really is. Not a skin cell out of place. Well, there are still some scrapes and probably some bruises, but all of the serious stuff has been put neatly back into place. It’s kind of messed up, actually. “I really am. It’s okay.”
“And that’s going to happen to me?”
Cas shrugs. “I am not certain.”
No results.
They pull up to David and Martha’s house after the trees start breaking into fields. Michael looks uncertain. He definitely recognizes the place, and probably feels strange walking back here wearing stolen clothing. She tries to shoot him a smile for confidence as they climb up the steps to the porch, but he doesn’t quite manage to return it, and she turns back to the door, rapping on it with her knuckles.
Kevin types in WINDOM this time, and another name pops up:
Cas places a hand on his shoulder and the world is reshuffled like a deck of cards. The alleyway disappears, and in its place is a field of low bushes turning red from the advance of autumn. Evergreens stand on the edge of the field, rising, it seems, from a lake of smokeless fire into a perfect blue sky. In the distance rises a craggy gray mountain with a round dome, caped in shining white snow. He can see the blue cracks and gorges running down its face. He’s seen this before, on the fronts of postcards in Washington, standing by racks of stationery by the cash registers of tiny grocery stores while John paid for odds and ends by peeling twenties from the wad of bills in his pocket. Mount Rainier, not faded yellow this time, and more immense than he remembers from the postcards.
“Oh. My mistake.” How is that an actual consideration?
David’s face is unreadable. He just puts his hand on Michael’s shoulder, and pats it. Martha hands him a plastic grocery bag tied neatly at the top.
Not-Officer-Barton snorts. “You must’ve been proud.”
Val would disagree – Martha is probably the closest she’ll ever get to being related to an old-fashioned
“Sam,” came the gravelly voice, and he already knew.
“I’m sorry, you just remind me of someone,” she replies, tapping her pen against her chin. “Are you all set to order?”
a small part of him said,
“There are things that are beyond me now,” he said. “Resurrection of the dead being one of them. I can barely hear the others talking. Soon it’ll all be gone.”
apparently, but he met Dean and Sam and Castiel at some point. That’s not nothing, even if it turns out they’re all a bunch of maladjusted assholes. But it’s not what he wants. He doesn’t want to start over with a bunch of hunters entangled in weird supernatural shit. He wants…
“You were the one who volunteered to drive me around,” he says, one of the last remaining chuckles bubbling up. “And… I guess it’s Adam. I don’t know why. It makes more sense now.”
It occurs to Roger that he’s loath to let the kid go. He’s barely known him for more than three hours, but there’s something in him that wants to see him end up safe at home. The same thing that lights up whenever his sister video-calls him and brings the whole family around to chat for a minute as he’s pumping gas or standing in line for fast food. He barely even knows the kid’s name – Michael might not even be
“I don’t know. Maybe. It didn’t seem – real. I think it was just a nightmare.”
“Well, I guess that’s technically true, but more importantly, there are supernatural beings – like ghouls, for instance – that pose as normal human beings. Angels, demons, vampires—”
“Sam? You dead?”
“Not fuckin’ funny, asshole,” he breathes, right before the nagging pressure in his head explodes into roaring fire and white light.
“Would ya look at that,” his brother murmured. The sun was throwing out golden beams through the clouds, lighting up vast expanses of rolling farmland, gentle green pastures, woods that looked like seas of dark leaves. In the distance, the sound of a car making its way down a never-ending road.
Well, he’s fairly sure he won’t have a stroke, so he just nods and gives her what must be the weakest smile in the history of smiles. She gives him an awkward thumbs-up, and soon there’s a cup of water on the table next to the coffee. He manages to chug it all in one go, with a coffee chaser to counteract the fresh-from-the-dispenser-cold water.
He shakes his head. “No, ma’am.”
Someone
“Oh. That’s good to know.”
“Honestly, the jury’s out on that one,” Michael says, but heads to the end of the block anyway.
Bit by bit, the feeling recedes, like waves on the shore, and then they vanish entirely. Michael heaves in a huge breath and manages to get his legs under him, leaning on the counter as he splashes his face with water from the sink tap. He shakes his head to clear the last remnants of fog, and realizes he has no idea what the hell is going on.
“Strangely enough, the jury’s still out on that one.”
“Look, it’s gettin’ kinda chilly, so I gotta say... no bring-backs ‘s time, Sammy. F’serious. Okay?”
The look on Kevin’s face betrays how actually okay he is with visiting these guys. The Winchesters. His expression is usually neutral and unassuming, but it’s going downright stony, mouth a straight line and jaw set. He’s pretty sure it’s more about their soon-to-be-hosts than crankiness from the drive and the crap coffee.
Their questions are answered for them later that night when they’re both woken up by a blood-curdling scream from down the hall. They both leap out of bed as fast as their joints will allow hurry over to Rodney’s room. When they open the door, Michael is sitting up in bed, eyes wide open, clearly just having woken up, but breathing hard as if he’d just run a marathon.
“You good to go, dude?”
He shrugs, putting the last book on top of his stack. “No, but it couldn’t hurt at this point.”
Kevin gives him a long look, and then a slow nod. “Okay.”
“Hello,” he says warily.
They stand in front of the grave for a while longer, and then Dean turns away from the headstone. Sam isn’t in the ground. Sam is somewhere else, just like everyone else in the family. And someday he’ll be there, too.
“Fair.”
Adam sighs.
Cas turns to Dean, expression carefully blank. “So what do we do now?”
When he looks at his hands, they’re not his hands, even though he can see the chipped edge of his left thumbnail and feel the jagged edge when he rubs it with his finger. When he walks, it’s not his legs moving, and eating becomes a mechanical chore. The world is reduced to the worn leather on the steering wheel, the rumble of the engine, coffee like tar, and gas station burritos that have an ashy, funereal taste. Because, if he’s honest with himself, that’s all this has ever been if you just subtracted one Sam. Arrive, hunt, kill, dispose, drink, move on. Rinse and repeat.
“I dunno. Well, you listen to classical music, you’re not really... you don’t look like the kind of guy who goes around stabbing creatures of the night. No offense, I guess.”
His vision swims a bit when someone tugs on his jacket.
A) Bolt and go somewhere else.
“No, he was a hunter. He was also buddies with Castiel.”
“I’m Kevin,” he says, as he shakes Michael’s hand. “Sorry for getting on your case in there. I was just… it’s been a long couple of nights.”
“Okay. Well… let me run a couple more searches.”
He looks down at his shirt. Honestly, it’s not noticeable. He might have started thinking that he dreamed it if there weren’t two holes in the fabric where the knife went in. It occurs to him that he should zip up his jacket to avoid questions. His numbed fingers fumble with the tab.
That’s not ideal.
He cracks his neck. “Like. Stuff from school. My mom. John. And there’s this whole other – I thought I remembered everything, but I think there’s more. I’m still getting the headaches, and it feels like… something wants to come out.”
Michael nods. “It’s… it was, uh, home. You know.”
And they roll on toward Adelphi.
The two share a look as Michael stares down at his hands. David scratches his chin. “Do you know what city? What county?”
He might be an amnesiac, but he knows better than to look a gift horse in the mouth. Still, it feels kind of wrong to be doing this, like he’s taking advantage of Scott’s goodwill. But he feels the weight of Martha’s necklace against his breastbone, and realizes that there really is no other option unless he wants to get to St. Paul on foot.
But as they pass through the endless forests of Wisconsin, nothing but gray sky overhead, Scott’s face becomes indistinct. He digs back further and finds he can’t quite remember what Martha or Roger looked like, either, and falls asleep with his fingers wrapped around her amulet.
They walked up the stairs to the front deck and Cas held the grocery bag while Sam fumbled for his keys, unlocking the door and taking the groceries back.
cassette has been rewound, then pushes it into the deck. The opening riff snarls through the speakers and he sits back, stretching. Dean hums along again and bobs his head, then flashes a grin at him.
Honestly, there’s a faint part of his brain that
When she rolls up his sleeve he is expecting a lot of things, all of them unsavory, all of them making his guts churn in revulsion and fear, but he doesn’t expect her to produce a kitchen knife and draw it swiftly down, so fast that he doesn’t have enough time to flinch away. Pain lances freezing up his arm and for a moment all that exists is the screeching of his nerves, the distant feeling of blood welling up in the crook of his elbow, and the heave of his lungs as he tries to scream through the gag. She catches the blood in her mouth and starts
Two anonymous hunters, one in business casual, managed to kill it, too.
The question comes so suddenly that he doesn’t really understand it the first time. “What?”
“I’m not going to leave,” he whispered back. “I promised you.”
They head for California the next morning and drive down the coast, aimless, drifting, but content. The waves crash endlessly on the white shore. Gulls perch on the piers and rocks. Sandpipers dash in and out of the water. Castiel looks through the old cassette bin in the glove box meticulously, examining every tape until he finds one he likes. It’s one of Sam’s, of course – Cas hasn’t learned to appreciate the real classics yet, but he’ll come around. The tape opens with Dewey Bunnell crooning about alligator lizards and changing his name, and plays them down onto the Pacific Coast Highway.
He was... all right. Surprisingly. It was almost like learning to walk again after having his knees blown out. The foremost thoughts in his head became less
He does. Kevin sits down across from him, looking haggard and definitely not up for dealing with some teenager’s bullshit, which other people would maybe call
“I won’t mind if he stays, dear, but we can’t just keep him under house arrest until he remembers enough to go home.”
Castiel’s brow furrows. “He was protecting you from Lucifer, I assume.”
“Sorry. Lady at the front was really chatty. Guess they don’t see a lot of Asians this far out from the Twin Cities.”
“To people I personally know,” he clarifies. “And probably to you. Is that so hard to believe? Vampires, witches, and werewolves exist, but people can’t come back from the dead?”
He thinks it’s almost peaceful, walking in the dark, listening to the wind and occasional bird calls. Now that the threat of being kidnapped and murdered has lost its teeth, he can really properly enjoy the world at night. If only he wasn’t so damn cold.
Adam sits on the bed as Cas takes a marker out of his pocket and begins to sketch out a sigil in quick, precise strokes on top of the wallpaper. He can’t imagine Sam will be happy about that. “Protections from what?”
“I fail to see—”
“Okay, how about favorite food?”
“He has at least as many issues as you probably do. No offense.”
Martha shakes his hand gently. “No harm, no foul,” she says, almost flippantly. “Come in, both of you. I was just starting lunch.”
There was the flap of wings and he looked up, shading his eyes against the sun. A flash of gray, a kingfisher.
“I remember everything up until I died. The whole
“What kind of person does?”
“So team humanity won?”
And then there was Castiel, who lunged at every moving shadow until he’d practically fumigated the East Coast from Providence to Atlanta, and was slowly working his way westward through Appalachia. The whispers were more fantastic now. Things that they’d never had names for were gone.
“That’s the thing,” Adam replies. “I had a couple of best friends in high school. We were in the Scouts together until they quit, and we’d come here to the beach late at night and have a couple of beers, light some fireworks or something. Responsibly.” He takes a deep breath and puts his elbows down on the railing next to Kevin, leaning out over the lake. “I remember all of it. We used to drop by the sandwich place near that café we went to. Next to the gas station. We thought we were cool because we didn’t eat the cafeteria food.”
Adam winces. “I don’t know if it would even mean anything. It’s not like we were close.”
A mirthless chuckle. “He kept saying it was because I spent too much time with him.”
The receptionist still isn’t back at her desk. Michael follows the guy out through the double glass doors and into the chilly air of the hospital parking lot. When he turns, it’s to offer his hand.
“It took the last of my strength, and help from one of my sisters, but I considered it a sort of last trip home.” He drank. Sam decided not to question it any further, but he didn’t know where to start, otherwise.
dangerous?”
Grass stalks and twigs dig into his feet as he walks, and walks, and walks, and eventually he leaves the field behind and the grass gives way to leaves and dirt. The forest is quiet around him but the trees seem to be sighing, settling their roots deep in the ground and preparing for the coming cold. And even these pass, as through the trees he finds a road, a mud-streaked gray ribbon of asphalt twisting into the distance, halved by a dotted yellow line. He follows it at a distance, unwilling to leave the cover of the trees. The occasional car passes below, unsuspecting.
“What sparked that memory, then?”
“So. Your name is Michael, you’re from Windom, Minnesota, you’re a big fan of
They all file into the living room – he guesses he should have expected Castiel to come along, too – and sit down awkwardly, Adam in the armchair and Dean and Castiel on the sofa. Castiel has great posture, but Dean kind of slouches and puts his elbows on his knees.
Let me know I did good by you.”
“Call me,” he says, handing it to him. “When you get home safe. And I mean
“Do you remember anything about Minnesota? The house you lived in?”
Michael doesn’t really know what to say to that, so he just shrugs and ducks into the passenger seat.
“So you’re… some kind of exorcist?”
“How old are you?”
Kevin’s silent for a moment before he asks, “What do you mean?”
Almost ten months.
Valerie asks him for his contact information. He has his cell number and a rarely-checked email account, as well as his supervisor’s number and a family contact. He feels like he’s filing for employment as he writes it down on a notepad in big, jagged letters. Every so often, as he tries to remember numbers and names, he looks up to see that Michael is still leaning against the window, looking at nothing in particular, lost in thought.
Adam’s mouth falls open in disbelief for a good few seconds before he can find the words to respond. “I don’t remember shit! And even if I did, I don’t want to unleash fucking
“It’s really 2020,” he says, dumbfounded. That seems to be the most significant detail he’s come across.
Castiel left shortly before Beth got back from work, and Sam walked him outside, laid a fond hand on the Impala’s lean black sides. She was keeping up pretty well.
The both of them head back inside, and, true to his word, the victim(?) is out of the operation room in forty-three minutes (he’s been staring at the clock on the waiting room wall, bored out of his skull). Soon after that, Barry and Kevin get to visit the patient, and only Kevin returns while Barry elects to stay with his anesthetized daughter for the night. They say some quiet goodbyes before Kevin collects Michael with a quick nod, and then they’re pulling into the hotel parking lot and heading up to his second-floor room.
“No. We lost about a third of our forces in the battle. I’m still waiting for the complete roster to compile, but those are the statistics so far.”
Kevin stretches and yawns – thoughtfully, if it’s possible to yawn thoughtfully – and taps the side of his face with his fingers. “Hey, you remember his name? Maybe we can track him down. Let him know what’s up. I’m sure he’s been by and probably wasn’t too happy about what he found.”
“Hey,” Kevin says, twisted around in the driver’s seat. Adam props himself up on one elbow groggily, wiping his face down with the sleeve of his hoodie. “You ready to go to Goodwill?”
“Over there, in the back,” she says, pointing at the door with her finger. “There’s a trash can in there, too.”
" and "
“You’re suggesting things that elderly people do.”
“That’s not reassuring.”
“So that’s why you can see… my energy?”
On the morning of Christmas Eve, Beth took Allison to Day Mass and he was alone in the house. Usually he went with them on Sundays, at first more out of obligation than anything else, but then because it gave him a chance to connect with his neighbors, if not the divine. Beth’s father was a priest in Arkansas and very familiar with hunters, and as a consequence she had grown up with very tangible reasons to pray, knowing that shadows could have teeth and claws. She knew how to stitch up a wound and tie a tourniquet and fire a rifle, and had an arsenal of prayers besides.
Kevin almost freezes at the wheel, but his survival instincts thankfully kick in just in time to prevent them from certain death. “You’re right, actually. Shit. I thought they might have had something to do with this, but since none of them showed up… Maybe I was just being optimistic. We might have to have Cas put in a call.”
he tells himself.
“I don’t know if I can go back to sleep.” He looks very, very young for a moment.
Martha is an early riser, but Michael has already made his way to the kitchen by the time the sun rises, and it looks like he’s been there for a while. There is a small stack of books next to him, and another that he puts down once he sees her.
“Kate.” Kevin hums. “Michael and Kate from Minnesota. Cases have been built on less.” He arches an eyebrow. “You’re taking this pretty well, by the way. Usually people start yelling at this point.”
“Is that a yes?”
She exchanges looks with the trucker. “Is he – you know – okay?”
“Pretty sure there’s a pullout,” Kevin says, and chucks a pillow and a blanket from the closet at the tiny couch. Michael is about a hundred percent sure he’s not going to fit on that thing. “Feel free to use the shower or whatever.”
He sits up. He is in the middle of a vast field, and when he stands the grass brushes at his calves. The hills are a faded yellow, dotted here and there with trees shaking off red and yellow leaves, and in all directions lies the misty suggestion of a forest. A brown creek is marked off with the standing husks of cattails and reeds. And the wind – the wind starts as a whisper, far away, growing louder and louder until it seems to howl straight through him, and he shivers.
He tries to summon up a memory, any memory. All he gets is
“Everyone knows you could take on a sharptooth,” Sam said, letting his head fall back against the decrepit wooden rail. “What was it?”
Again with the cryptic bull. “What business?”
“Yep. All the big ones. I thought I had it all figured out. Turns out some asshole dug up an angelic Rosetta Stone, and I got divinely autopiloted to it for some reason. Try telling your parents that you’re a prophet of God. Doesn’t go over as well as a full ride from Princeton.”
“Where are you from?”
“Hey, you okay?”
“You have approximately sixty percent of your life ahead of you, Dean, so I wouldn’t advise that.” Castiel has that serious look on his face and Dean decides to humor him for now.
“He told me to say hello,” he said abruptly. “And to not do anything stupid. He misses you. And he also called you a bitch.”
“Yeah, I know, but you remember
“You think Dad’s gonna be there when we get to the hotel?”
For about ten minutes, Michael twiddles his thumbs at the end of the block. Windom is old, woodsy suburbia, which feels familiar, but his memories of riding his bike down the block or killing ants in the driveway or whatever else it is kids do have remained firmly under lock and key. You’d think that an amnesiac visiting his hometown for the first time in ten years would have his brain blasted open, but no.
She shakes her head. “It’s the decent thing to do. I can get someone to cover for me.”
“Why don’t you rake some leaves for me, Michael?” She points to the rake leaning against the shed. David should have done it before he left, but there’s no relying on that man’s memory these days. “I’m going to sweep up here.”
“Probably don’t have one of those, either.”
“Uh, dunno. I don’t think I have one.”
“Whatever. You’re related.”
“Have you spoken to Kevin?”
“Hey, Sam. It’s Kevin. And before you ask, no, this is not about a hunt.”
on it, with a list of names running down the back. It looks old—the print is flaking off in some places. When he puts it on, the sleeves hang halfway down his hands. The jeans barely fit him. Neither of them do much to keep the cold out.
The prophet of the Lord or whatever rolls his eyes and scratches his stubbly chin. “No, you remembered something. I could tell. What was it?”
“She was,” not-Mom says, and all of a sudden she’s crouching down to look him in the eye, still ravenous. “Wasn’t I, sweetie? When you went away to college I told you to study hard and that no matter what, I’d always be proud of you, and you could come home whenever you wanted.
“Yeah. As far as we know.”
“I know about Stranger Danger,” Michael says, although he tastefully omits the fact that he doesn’t know exactly what it’s referencing.
“We don’t need a blood ritual for this.”
“Short story, yes. I knew what you were in the ER for, I knew no one would stop you from leaving, and I knew that there was something weird about you. And usually, people who just appear around me with that kind of off-ness about them? They want something. But you just kept going on about how you got hit by a car.”
“Not me,” Kevin says, a hint of amusement in his voice. “A couple of guys I know.”
Allison was ecstatic. She was three years old and still a little unsteady on her feet in the way small children are, and he had to put her on his shoulders, otherwise the snow came up to her neck. Beth wasn’t bothering with the outdoors at all that day and was still in bed. So he walked around the block, snow soaking through his shoes, jeans, and heavy socks. His breath puffed out in bursts of white smoke that hung in the air, and his daughter was pretending to be a dragon.
He lies down on the bed, pulling the comforter back over his stomach. “Weren’t you planning to give that to Sara, when she’s older?”
“First unheard message.”
“Yeah. Sorry. I wish there was a more likely way she could have gone, but… that’s all I have on that.”
A couple of cars pass by, and he sticks his thumb out as their headlights sweep over him, but to no avail. They don’t seem to notice him.
Dean arrives in Ashford, Washington, with three days to spare. He resurrects an old habit and checks out the local newspapers over coffee in a diner, rubbing shoulders with hikers and campers from out of state. Just as he’s expected, strange things have been happening in these parts – freak thunderstorms pouring down from a blue sky, flashing lightning and rainbows; strange seismic tremors; windows shattering spontaneously in empty rooms; flowers growing and blooming out of season; strange lights in the night sky; visions of dead family members. All in the past two weeks. There must be a shitload of angels in the area.
He remembers the deer, bellowing in the early morning mist, antlers tangled up with rot and loam.
Kevin gives him an assessing look and nods slowly. “Okay.”
“Because they’re all power-hungry sons of bitches. Well, all the important ones, anyway.”
“Doesn’t feel like it.”
“Well, if I had, I wouldn’t remember, would I?”
“Okay,” Kevin says simply, and Adam folds his arms up again, trying to go back to sleep.
“I hadn’t thought of that,” he says honestly. “He’s still young. Are you thinking of keeping him here for long?”
He doesn’t stop for breaks and it’s late in the night by the time he gets home, every permutation of every horrific scenario he can think of racing through his head. He desperately hopes beyond hope that he’ll walk right through that door and she’ll be standing there in her green scrubs, tired but healthy and whole and
“Amazing,” he breathes. “Ain’t Mother Nature wonderful?”
Dean has never been good at keeping contact with people, but it’s only now that he feels truly anonymous. He hasn’t seen a familiar face in six months, and unless he’s slipped up in an unexpected way, no familiar face has seen his. The Impala is silent; she doesn’t talk to him anymore, not to tell him to take a look at her brake lines or to scold him with rattling noises about his reckless driving. He thinks maybe the life has gone out of the whole world, or at least Sam’s life, since even the sunlight seems cold and the grass blowing at the side of the road bends without complaint under the wind. Intellectually he knows everything looks the same, but it’s easier to believe that Sam’s changed something – he saved the whole God-forsaken planet and nobody cares, nobody cares about his dead little brother who was better than any of them.
so get this: spilled water on laptop. laptop keyboard died. used external keyboard for a while. decided, since laptop was old and actively decaying, to get new laptop. new laptop arrives. transfer documents to new laptop. ms office promptly locks all my files. I retype this entire chapter on google docs. (so please excuse any formatting inconsistencies!)
vitalized, but very… vital. Like she’s received a new burst of energy. Val sips her milk in silence as Martha breaks one of her cookies in half, dipping it into her glass.
“The police deal with missing persons. So I guess you’re going to have to sit this one out. If you looked ‘familiar’ to a waitress, rinky-dink town cops will definitely be able to ID you.”
“All right, tell Beth I said hi. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
He’s perched on the trunk when Kevin comes back from the front desk, and tosses him the keys. Kevin catches them in his free hand and sticks his tongue out.
He figured, after September, that he had to
“Well. How about a taste?”
Michael digs around. He doesn’t really remember numbers, but if he focuses he can catch the tail of a memory as it flees and bring it into view. White siding, gray shutters. Gray roofing tiles, almost black in the rain. No fence, a small yard with a broken concrete birdbath.
“It’s not really goodbye. We’ll see him again sometime,” Dean points out.
“Hell yes.”
He reached over to pat Sam’s haystack head, laughing over his little brother’s indignant yelling. He was happy. God only knew why, but he was, light as a feather and swift as the wind. Sam told him he was an asshole, but Sam was just a kid, and they had miles to go before Richwood, and the same number of years ahead of them.
“It’s clear you’ve come from very unfortunate circumstances, young man, and it’s our duty as the folks around you to offer help, so I don’t want to hear any protesting. Now, give me your name again.” She takes the stack of newspaper off of the third chair and sits down with her glass. Val senses that she won’t be talking for a while, so she bites into a cookie. It’s delectable.
“Destroy the earth.”
“Think I had a nightmare,” he offers feebly.
chapter titles taken from "
The inscription is bland. Sam’s name in block letters, a dash between two dates, then “Son, brother, and friend.” It barely even covers what he was, but then again, he's never seen a gravestone that accurately represented anyone's life.
Kevin stares at him for a moment before realizing his faux pas. “Uh, yeah. Again. Sorry.”
Sam asked.
“Does it look like I care?” Dean gestures to the cornfield, the road, the sky. “Because I don’t. I don’t care about your war, I don’t care about angels or demons or monsters anymore. You can all go fuck yourselves.”
“Detection. I don’t know what’s going to happen, so it’s best to be prepared for as many outcomes as possible.”
Dean shrugs. “I dunno. Vegas? Florida?
Cas huffs. “From being a soldier. From giving commands. A few trillion years is enough. This... is enough.”
to him and Kevin just takes everything he says at face-value and
“Really.”
“Should’ve done this before we left, but you said the last year you remember is 2010, right? If you were murdered, there’s no way that escaped press coverage. And, lucky for you, there were probably articles posted online about it. All we need is some free wifi.”
If no one had told him beforehand, he wouldn’t have thought that the Winchester brothers were brothers. Where Sam is broad-shouldered and staid, unassuming even as his frame imposes, Dean is lean and calculating, sharp and wary. His eyes are definitely not the color of Sam’s eyes, although he can’t seem to recall Sam’s eye color at the moment; he has darker hair, a thinner nose, a sharper jaw. The only similarity between them, really, is the whole redneck-y flannel-jeans-jacket getup. Which, he admits, seems pretty practical.
Dean nods. “Uh, and then you got resurrected as a backup plan. For Michael. The angels sweet-talked you a bunch and we tried to convince you that they were a bunch of lying creeps, which only kind of worked. We’re not sure what happened, but you agreed to be the substitute. And, uh… here we are now.”
“Sucks,” Kevin says with a note of sympathy in his voice. “I know the feeling. My mom could take care of herself, though. She was tough as nails.”
all over again, maybe it’s not going to be a smooth ride. “What if I remember being a serial killer or something?”
call me that,” he grouses, but gets into the passenger seat anyway.
***content warning for graphic, and I DO mean graphic, victim-POV descriptions of cannibalism. if you watched "Jump the Shark," you already know what's up. skip the second to last section if you need to.***
“Okay,” he says, and lifts his foot off of the brake. “We’ll be there soon.”
“I don’t know. It doesn’t seem right. I… I don’t think it was even 2010 the last time I looked at a calendar.”
“What kind of thing?”
He ends up on the Wisconsin border with ten dollars in cash, which was all Scott could spare. Five of those dollars gets spent on a gas station lunch, and the last five is used to (lamely, he’ll admit) try to bribe a trucker to take him out of the city.
“No, no,” Roger says, scooting inwards on the booth seat. “He remembered his name just now.”
Kevin raises his eyebrows. “Wow.”
gramps wants to get a word in. The younger guy cuts him off, though. “Not now, Barry.” And then he circles back. “I’m not in the mood for a visitation right now. And if you’re just going to sit there and play dumb until I say the magic words, well, you’re in the right place to do some waiting.”
she reminds herself sternly. Well, that’s what watching reruns of murder investigation shows tells her, at least.
Michael – no,
He scoffs. “So you’re gonna rope some other kid into putting himself in the line of fire?”
There is dead silence on the other end and Kevin has to check his screen to make sure his call hasn’t dropped.
Michael looks at them for a long moment until it clicks, and then he sighs, swinging his legs over the side of the bed and wiping sweat off of his forehead. “I… I don’t know.”
The only thing he kills that year is a black dog in Laredo, Missouri. He doesn’t feel anything when the bullet rips through its heart and it collapses to the ground. It should feel good. There is the shadow of anger at his back but it’s all echoes from a time when things like this were important. Now he can’t imagine why they would be.
The end of things came early on a September morning near Laredo, Missouri. It was cold and foggy and the sunlight came in pale and weak from the east.
He clicks his tongue. Adam’s decided to go for the crash course. “Castiel is an angel.”
“Adam,” she says, surprised but opening her arms. He buries his face in her hair. “Why are you home, honey? Did something happen at school?”
“Uh, sure.” Adam throws a look back over his shoulder to the kitchen. Sam and Kevin are talking shop. Suddenly, he feels very alone.
Bloody Mary?”
to move, but something tells him not to fight it, to keep quiet.
the small part of him said,
“What’s that?”
It’s true. That’s almost word-for-word what she’d said once they’d moved all of his stuff into his dorm room. Then she’d kissed him on the forehead and hugged him and they’d said goodbye.
Sam rolled down the passenger window and stuck his head out of the car, effectively muting the radio. Dean groaned and rolled his eyes but he didn’t do anything. At least they were driving through a field and not a forest so he wouldn’t get his head knocked off by a stray branch. There was nothing he could say that would pry Sam out of his shell at the moment, so he’d just have to wait until he got bored in about twenty minutes. He reached over to his right and nudged the volume control with his finger so he could hear the opening riff to “Paradise City” over the wind.
Nothing changes about Castiel’s expression, and that’s a relief, actually, because it’s better than pity or confusion. It feels like he might actually know something, and even the idea of that helps keep him calm.
“I’m Cain’s legacy,” he says, laughing. “This was your plan. What did you expect?”
“We don’t have to keep talking about this if it’s making you… you know. With the whole head thing.”
That’s Officer Barton’s voice.
“I dunno. Usually people have to agree to leave the afterlife, and usually resurrection involves the direct intervention of some divine agency.”
David says nothing when she reappears downstairs with the disk in hand, but his slumped posture indicates the kind of resignation that is basically approval.
He offered Cas a beer and, to his surprise, he took it, palming the cap off as Sam sat across from him at the dinner table.
Dean scratches the back of his neck and shrugs. “Dunno. We won’t have one until we find out who’s after you.”
Dean cuts him off, saying, “God damn,
“Rest assured that you wouldn’t have made that great an impact on the number of casualties after all,” Castiel continues. “Still. Fewer than if we had let it do what it wanted to.”
“You sure searching for it is a good idea? You kinda had an… episode in the car earlier.”
Michael closes the door behind them. She waits for him to look around and recognize the clotheslines, the laundry fluttering in the slight breeze, the trees he must have crept through.
He rubs his eyes. “You keep asking me that.”
“You know where you’re trying to go?” Roger watches the kid look up, startled.
He waited for it, half-anticipated it, but it never came. This wasn’t like the other times, then. There was a wound, like a limb torn off all over, but now there was no feeling of drowning. There was pain, but when it lifted on occasion it left him feeling in colors, instead of in gray and deep, deep black, and after a while it was no longer a constant vise around his heart or the pressure of cinderblocks on his chest.
“Sir? Are you okay?”
Martha shares a concerned glance with him.
Roger leans forward. “You remembered?”
He shakes his head, and Castiel snaps back into focus.
“Well, you know your name. Michael. Somehow Minnesota is important. Anything else?”
Kevin takes his time chewing his mouthful of rabbit food, all the while giving him a very thoughtful look. Then he swallows and says, “I don’t know. I guess I feel bad for you. I was dragged into this business against my will as a kid. Maybe I don’t want that to happen to you, too.”
“Look, I gotta ask… do you really want to go back? Like, are you sure that’s where you and your mom lived, or is it just where you died?”
“He’s wearing my father-in-law’s clothing,” she says, lowering her voice. “He probably took them off the clothesline yesterday.”
“Look,” Dean starts. “I...”
He laughs at that, a weird laugh that bubbles up from deep inside. “Nah. I never went to college. I didn’t even graduate high school. My old job title was ‘Prophet of the Lord.’” He takes a hand off the steering wheel to make sarcastic air quotes. “And before you ask, no, I wasn’t in a cult. I didn’t talk to God or anything. I just got mad Sumerian skills uploaded into my brain, and now I have a condition where I get migraines if I try to read anything more than two thousand years old.”
Then he’s back on the road, headed to Maine.
“Any images? Or just an impression?”
“Werewolves?”
“Cool.” Kevin coughs awkwardly. “Shouldn’t be more than an hour before she’s done.”
“Not really. Comrades, maybe.”
“No. This time, and every time from now on, just
“Sounds fun.”
Sam shrugs and checks to see if the
Adam’s never going to get that, but at least he has family, whether he wants it or not. And despite all the bad blood between him and the Winchesters, he’d feel like shit if he left a teenager out to dry when there was someone out there who could have taken care of him and cared about him. Plus, while he might not trust Sam to not fuck everything up, his wife isn’t dead yet, so they must have figured something out.
Michael turns to the old man in hopes that someone will interpret this babble for him. “Is he okay? Do you know if they’re gonna take him soon?”
“So,” he says, merging smoothly onto the highway. “Ready for some existential crap?”
“It was merely a suggestion, but if you two are set on remaining ignorant until whoever it is out there that pulled Adam out of Hell comes back for him, then I suppose we will just have to deal with it when the time comes.”
He doesn’t know why but his chest clenches up and there’s a deep ache settling in his lungs. All of a sudden he feels like crying.
Adam Milligan wakes up in the back seat of Kevin Tran’s car, parked in the middle of nowhere, head still throbbing, face wet with tears.
A lot of things are coming back to him now, almost by reflex. Little cultural references and stuff that seem normal, logical, like everyone should know them. That seems to be a good sign. It would be great if he could remember things. If he remembered this town, where he grew up, apparently, unless he’s the ghoul that ate the real Michael Milligan and is just getting the taste of a dead man’s memories.
“Yeah. Not sure any of my clothes are gonna fit you, but, uh. You can maybe try the sweatshirt.”
“Okay, now hold on a minute. You were just laying into me two minutes ago about how I was bothering you, telling me to scram, and now I’m invited on your next road trip? How do I know you’re not going to just up and murder me and chuck my body in a ditch, huh?” Which is a logical concern. He knows he’s just being kind of petty, though, because the alarms that have been going off in his head about the cops and hospitals are for some reason silent around this complete stranger who just snapped at him to leave a hospital after he got hit by a car.
She doesn’t cry. Nobody does. Just two long, tight hugs, and a few more moments of fussing, and then he sits down on a bench to wait, eyes closed so he can’t see them leave. So it’ll be like they never did, until he opens his eyes.
Adam gets a last few giggles out before letting his head fall back down on the back seat. He’s so tired. Sharp teeth. The phantom sensation of being turned inside out. No, he doesn’t want to talk about that. “Shit, dude, it was a lot. Can we just go to Goodwill?”
“Mm. You look like shit. Did you sleep at all?” The left door opened with a swoosh of suction and she fumbled around for the creamer.
Kevin’s a nice guy. When Michael is done with his shower, he towels off and pulls on his sweatpants and falls asleep instantly on the other bed, then wakes up thrashing out of his bedsheets.
“He can stay with me, then.”
He shakes his head. “All of my scars are gone, actually. I’m smooth as a baby.”
Adam shrugs, looks away. “Dunno. I’m gonna be living with the guy. Is he a hardass?”
she scolds herself. They’re eating pretty slowly. The boy has his head cradled in one hand, fork in the other; Roger is reading the local newspaper. They almost look like father and son, really – well, adopted, a white kid and his black dad – and no one else except Susie seems to pick up on anything abnormal about the shoeless amnesiac boy. Confirmation bias, maybe. Paranoia, also maybe.
He nods affirmingly. “Yeah, me too. My sister lives up in Saint Paul. You know where in Minnesota?”
It’s full-fledged night when he pulls into the inn parking lot and puts the Impala in park. Cas follows him to the room and sits on the couch while Dean heads into the shower and washes off the debris from the impact. When he’s done changing his clothes and drying his hair, he comes back out into the bedroom to see Cas flipping through channels on the tiny television set.
“No. Not up close. I just heard him talking to me, sometimes. Telling me to come back, that it wasn’t safe.”
“Yeah,” he says slowly. “Sorry, I’m just trying to process. Um… let’s park somewhere else before we talk. Maybe grab some coffee? I dunno.”
“Hmm,” she replies. “Must not have been very comfortable.”
He’d start planning something to do tomorrow, like finding a good spot to hitchhike from, but he’s tired and hungry and cold and possibly immortal, and the headache is really going to town on his eyeball. It’s like there’s a leprechaun with a jackhammer nestled in the socket, and boy, is he out for vengeance.
“A couple hundred. Not too bad.”
“I can’t drive around Windom looking for a house in the suburbs. Everything looks the same. Can you remember, like, a house number?”
He dreams about Channing sometimes. Sometimes they’re good dreams. Mostly, he dreams about her dying.
“I won’t know until I see it for myself. But it’s probably a screen of some kind, to prevent you from accessing more… damaging memories. Do you ever remember seeing Michael?”
Maybe Florida, maybe Vegas. Dean doesn’t know. He lets Cas do the deciding. And he waits for each new day like a new issue of Batman now. They move from motel to motel and glide across the indistinguishable highways, heading into the setting sun. Every important wound has been sealed with a promise. Every agony is lost in the wind.
Cas closes his eyes and nods again and doesn’t say anything else until they get back to the hotel.
And Adam wakes up with a start, so fast that Kevin curses and swerves a bit before straightening out the steering wheel.
Cas. Okay?”
“I have to go to Minnesota,” Michael says with a depressed finality. “I can’t keep staying here and disturbing you, at least.”
“Okay, okay. Uhh, Guns N’ Roses?”
“I’m just saying that maybe we don’t go out to find a demon with nothing but our dicks in our hands, okay?”
“Good thing you kept this number, then. So, funny story. I met this kid in some random Minnesota emergency room. He has no shoes on, and apparently he got intimately acquainted with a soccer mom’s front bumper, but he’s totally fine. Not a bruise on him. It’s just that he can’t remember a thing about who he is or where he’s from. Now, that sounds pretty weird to me.”
Because, if he’s honest, this place, with skyscrapers and office buildings, feels totally alien. Just like Chicago; just like Adelphi. This isn’t where he belongs, and he has nothing else to do except keep moving.
Michael shrugs. “I don’t know. Just talking about the time, I guess.”
“Never you mind about that shirt, Michael,” Valerie says, waving her hand dismissively. “As far as I’m concerned, it’s yours. I just want to hear how you got it.”
It didn’t feel like a dream anymore. He’d braced himself for a wave of grief like a tidal wave, but instead it came in like tides, higher and higher, and then, incredibly, lower and lower.
From there, it’s diners and movie theaters and palm trees a mile high.
“Leave the dishes, dude. Sit down.”
He tackles him, desperate. If he loses the bag and the cash, he dies, no two ways about it. The guy stumbles and falls on his ass, but doesn’t lose that much leverage. Before he can get more than one hit in, though, the other one pries him off. He rams his head backward into the second guy’s nose and makes impact with something soft. The guy lets him go with a loud
When she drops his arm after an eternity of
Luckily enough, they just sit him down in a waiting room because he hasn’t sustained any injuries that could be detected in the ambulance, and he’s not goddamn dead, so all he does is sit there with one or two other people and wonder if he could just leave without them noticing. The lady at the counter is always in and out for some reason.
“Okay,” he said. “Okay.”
And for some reason it was a weight off of his shoulders, because
“Well, um… do you need help with any more yardwork?”
He read that in a book, once, although the when and where elude him, as usual. And near the lake, there are benches. He trots down a gentle slope and sits down on one of them, rubbing at his ankles and wrists. Even in the moonlight, he can see his breath puffing out in white clouds. The lake is dark and quiet. No birds swimming at this time of night, and probably not in this season.
“Well, the fact that you’re not an incoherent mess probably means you were romping around in Heaven. Hell isn’t a nice place to be.”
When the bus pulls away from the depot, he finds himself looking back at the ticket office. Not thinking that they’d be there, that he’d have another chance to say goodbye, not exactly. Something tightens in his chest as they pull away, and he curls his hand around the two phone numbers in his pocket.
“And they’re all thirty years old now. Isn’t that kind of…” He shrugs. “I don’t know, man. I just feel like I’m not supposed to be here.”
He does as Cas says, and forces his eyelids down, trying not to think too hard about anything.
on your screen. To hear more messages, press
“Adelphi. Shouldn’t be more than half an hour until we get there.”
“Are you okay?” he asks, hands out in front of him like Michael is about to fall over. Which… yeah. “It should be fine now, but I wanted to make sure before I let them in. Jesus, where’s Sam?” He digs his cell phone out of his pocket.
you?”
“Daisy?”
Dean sighs. “What they do to people down there… humans can’t handle it. Most of them find they’d rather accept deals from demons than spend eternity getting tortured. They become demons either way. But Sam came back, uh, human, more or less, so it seems like the Cage is different.”
He shakes his head. “I have this impression of home when I think about it. That’s all.”
The snap of Kevin’s fingers brings him back to the present. “Hey, you in there?” He’s already leaning on the driver’s side of the car, door open. “I was thinking we should skip town.”
