They chatted a bit more until Holden excused himself and left their table. The coming and going of guests continued until they received their meal, and were left alone.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. He knew John was an awful liar. His best bet was evasion, and even then he had telltale signs. John was hiding something and it wouldn’t take Sherlock much questioning to figure it out, but they had more important things to deal with at the moment. “Not at first, or I would have received a notification earlier. It’s probably the processing center.”
John chuckled and shook his head when he noticed the smile tugging at his partner’s lips.  They shouldn’t be joking around a dead body, even if it was a fictional one. John looked up and as their eyes met he could feel his body leaning towards his partner again.  Sherlock was almost the poster boy of noir films in his suit and fedora as he turned and walked up the stairs to the deserted bridge. As he followed, John wished he could take a picture.
Above the high rows of artifacts, about halfway between the windmill and a two story house, was a dark cloud that sparked the same shade of blue as tangential energy.
A strangled cry came out of Sherlock. He had never been on the receiving end before, and within the first few seconds it was obvious why this was so popular. It also helped that John seemed to be enjoying sucking his cock. Which made the whole experience that much more arousing.
Sherlock frowned at the effort required to process what Lestrade had said. “Search his flat. I saw enough with one glance. Even Anderson will be able to build a case against him.”
The question was so absurd to Sherlock it made him want to laugh. Of course he was okay, he was fantastic, never been better. He released John enough to look at him. He wasn’t expecting to see a look of concern, even less to feel John’s fingers wipe tears from his cheeks.
I know what a concussion feels like. This isn’t it. Now if you’ll excuse me, I have a suspect to interrogate.
“And going around the world insulting people isn’t attracting attention?” John sneered, the memories still fresh in his mind.
“The past week has been an interesting anthropological experiment in microcosms, and how teamwork, or rather the combination of all the participants strengths, can produce a piece of art that is not only an aesthetically pleasing, but also solicits specific universal emotions in the audience. These can lead to a powerful message that has the potential to change the way one can view the world. I’m sure you’re familiar with the war propaganda, which just proves my point on the power that cinema can-”
Stamford wiped his face with his handkerchief. “I’ll go talk to Morgan. Lestrade, you better come too.”
Anderson stood there with his chest puffed up. It deflated when he saw Ms Riley. “Oh, it’s you. What is it?”
Sherlock’s words shook John so strongly that he didn’t even realise what he was saying before it came out. “I told you to shut up. You are not dying here, not while I’m still alive and able to do something about it.”
“Do it!” John growled, grabbing Sherlock’s shoulder for support as the agent placed his hands on the handle and pulled the knife out with one swift movement. John bit his lip to hold back the yell of pain as he felt the blade come out. He looked and saw the glass had stopped spreading.
He cupped the back of Holmes’s head and gripped his hair. Watson felt before he heard Holmes’s low moan. It suddenly became imperative he hear Holmes moan again. He used his other hand to undo Holmes’s trousers.
Watson sat there sipping his tea, waiting patiently for this man to finish up with what could be considered as a display of power, but he couldn’t find it in him to care.
Sitting in the leather chair, his leg elevated on the ottoman with a bag of ice wrapped in a flannel on his sprained ankle, Sherlock put down his container. John was sitting in the chair in front of him, not even halfway through his supper.
The only countdown John cared about was Sherlock’s. That’s what he was focused on as he pushed past every obstacle in his path.
The police had cleared a passageway from the door to the landing area, and blocked access by wood planks painted red and rope. When they arrived at the end of the passage, there was Anderson’s silhouette chalked out on the floor, complete with a dark stain around the head.
It suddenly all made sense to John. “It wasn't writer's block that created the artifact. It was grief.”
That much was true. He had no idea what had motivated Watson to finally read his notes. Well, he had a few theories, but nothing tangible. He hadn’t anticipated such a result. It was as if Watson had breathed new life into his story.
John put his hand on Sherlock’s cheek, gently wiping away the last tears. Sherlock nuzzled into the touch, normally he’d back away but he accepted it this time. The flat settled into silence again and John stared at Sherlock’s closed eyes.
They got a taxi back, the silence in the car deafening. The only noise was the occasional scoff from the driver as he looked at John’s drenched form. They got out of the car and Mrs Hudson greeted them at the door. She didn’t say anything but glanced briefly at John before ushering them inside. She nodded to Sherlock and he sent her an appreciative smile.
“Don’t worry, he’s staying at mine tonight, He says it is for convenience but I know it is because he doesn’t want to be alone tonight,”
“Stop with the guilty look. You’ve done nothing wrong. You said dangerous and yet here I am,” He smiled, quoting what Sherlock said. Sherlock nodded tearily, standing up.
“Bloody Freezing,” John grinds out, teeth chattering and body trembling, the blanket wrapped around him does little to protect him from the harsh biting of the wind. Sherlock glances over before shrugging his long coat off and wrapping it around John’s shoulders.
sends a warm thrill racing through him. It feels almost like… flirting. It feels like what he’s been doing with Guest but so much more
. How completely and utterly unlike him. For a brief moment, Sherlock considers blocking the email address for John5NF@gmail.com--having this all over and done with--but the thought causes a dull wave of something like sadness to roll through his chest. It’s absurd; he’d only gone into the chatroom looking for sound medical advice!
The chaos of the past few days melted away and Sherlock could see the course for what it was, its raw angles and jumps. He was doing what he was
Time has shifted when John pulls back; the curve of Sherlock’s back is tacky with sweat and he feels like a bow, ready to fire. “How-”
“Yeah, good,” Sherlock agrees and gets his breath back, tucking himself into John’s side and dragging the tips of his fingers up and down John’s heaving chest. They cool, briefly, skin tingling as the sweat evaporates. In time, their hearts slow.
Mycroft’s voice notched up in volume and intensity, something he only did when he was vehemently attempting to get his point across. “On the cover of which is a photograph of you and some doctor fellow out to dinner.”
. The morning had taken it all out of him; he felt the strain in his muscles and in his joints, his knees in particular. He sighed heavily into the duvet and then peeled his face away, deciding that a long, hot bath would be quite nice.
“That,” Sherlock says, snapping the final ‘t’. “Is my cue, I believe.” He pulls both of his hands away from his cup and when he stands, he immediately turns his back on John and without another word, he leaves, pushes open the door to the cafe and is gone from sight.
When they reconvened, John had donned a dark, snug jacket and had his hands shoved deep into the pockets. “I’ve got everything remotely small and sharp I could get my hands on but not sure if it’ll do.”
“Brilliant and addictive. I can’t keep it down, fancy that! Nor the Percocet, so they’ve switched me to codeine. But enough about that, what are your plans for tomorrow, er, Thursday, bloody
Sherlock nods slowly as John continues. “You were… lonely. And even after a day, one night, seeing you being… brilliant, I thought you were untouchable, and cold and… then I realised that morning, we were the same. Looking for something to… fill us up.”
“Took the file with me on my lunch break,” Sally winks at him and sashays backwards from Lestrade’s office. “Think I don’t know you rummage through my desk, arsehole?”
There was blissful silence for a moment and then Moran appeared back in front of him. “You think I can just be bought?” He sounded amused, like he pitied Sherlock.“I’ve been working for Jim for years, I can’t just be
: andyou won’t say because it’s probably not good that youve taken to the internet to find answers to your questions. Why not work with the pathologist?
Now, when the clerk winks at John, John just smiles back, waiting until Sherlock sees his reaction before hefting his bag over his arm.
“Angelo never disappoints,” Sherlock affirms and takes a sip from his rapidly emptying glass. He feels the buzz of the wine, the heat of it filling his limbs, and he finds himself wondering what qualifies a “dinner out” as a “date.” Because Sherlock thinks that this may be veering very close to date territory.
A moment later Redbeard hops up and Sherlock lifts his cocoon so that the dog can join him. “I hope you’re not in a rush to get outside because I fully intend to remain here for quite some time.” He doesn’t really want to go back to sleep, but he doesn’t exactly want to get up, either. Redbeard doesn’t respond, but plonks his wet nose in the crook of Sherlock’s elbow and settles in.
Sherlock didn’t want to push John away, give him a reason to pull away. He did his best to quickly rectify the damage he’d surely done and reroute the conversation. “Not too worried that you’re headed down that path, clearly and you shouldn’t be, John, but you remind yourself at every turn... now lock picking, that’s a skill that could come in handy and oh, don’t look at me like that I just-”
Making his way back to his team, he sat on a bench and waited as Molly passed along his gloves and boots; she went down on her knees to check that his foot was wrapped properly and then secured them at his ankles.
John smirks, but shakes his head, flicking the flimsy top off of the top one. “Oh, so is that it, then? I’m going through everything you deem boring?”
And although he hates buffets, Sherlock finds himself accompanying Molly, all the while wondering what else, if anything, John Watson had to say about spending time with him.
The pillow beneath John’s hips went flying off of the bed as he tossed it and turned, shimmying up onto his knees facing Sherlock. He leaned in, capturing Sherlock’s mouth with his own in a breathless, heated kiss. Their knees knocked and John’s hand flicked at Sherlock’s, batting it away in order to grip Sherlock’s cock. His fingers curled and slid, tickling along the underside before he ran his palm over the wetness at the tip, spreading it about. “On your back, wanna see you.”
good,” John corrected, his interest piqued. He maneuvered beneath the sheets and crooked his elbow, resting his cheek on his upturned palm.
That’s when Sherlock looks up at him, gaze open and calm, a hint of sadness in the curve of his mouth. Expectant. Waiting for John’s reaction to an obvious overture.
John is left sitting with his mouth agape, staring at Sherlock’s retreating figure, wondering whether to be put out or impressed that Sherlock paid not just for his meal but for the entire tab. Just as he’s sure he’s rather put out, Sherlock doubles back, walks up to the table and stares down at John.
He gestured down at Sherlock’s knees with a little flick of his wrist. “Oh dear, are we falling apart?” he sneered, mock gasping.
He leans casually against the frosted glass wall of the office and scans the information in his hands; it’s just slightly above boring, which is something, and by the time he’s through to the end of the file, Sherlock is fairly certain he has three leads for Lestrade.
“But!” Sherlock spoke up as Moran drew his leg back, preparing for another kick, the trajectory this time looking to be aimed at Sherlock’s face. He trained his voice, tried not to sound too desperate for Moran to buy what he was about to say. “Everyone knows who you are! Everyone knows what you do for him, what you are for him, Sebastian. A hired hand! A thug! You think he won’t sell you out the moment he smells trouble? Do you think you’re not expendable to him?”
He hung his coat, poured himself some whiskey, sat down at his desk and opened Holmes’s annotated script.
Sherlock stopped before John enunciated the T, and it made him want to scream. He had lost control of his body, and he didn’t know how to get it back. His panic must have been visible if John’s concerned frown was anything to go by.
“What happened then?” John asked. He knew it couldn’t have been the fact that he was asshole. Not for all 4 of them. The life span was slim in the army so he could imagine the survival rate here. He waited for an answer but Sherlock was stuck mid movement, looking anywhere but at John.
Sherlock’s chair swiveled around, his foot stopping him abruptly, facing a sour faced Mycroft. John wanted to look at his partner but he needed to keep a straight face, relishing the small signs of his boss fighting to get the words out.
“Owner.” The man answered, his tone filled with pride, puffing up his chest at the tall man in the long coat staring intently at him.
Ms Hooper’s participation helped Holmes’ progress greatly. So much so that Ms Hawkins invited her to stay to help with the songs, and they all discovered she also had a lovely singing voice.
“I did say I would see you in the morning. And you haven’t gotten a ping because this one I’ve been looking into myself for quite some time.” Mycroft answered as he handed the folder over to Sherlock.
After a moment, he opened his eyes, shook his head, and focused on the now. “So,” He turned to survey the surroundings. “Where is this… colleague of yours?”
“Isn’t it obvious? If you’re going to manufacture a product, from a marketing point of view, low costing features that can be sold at ridiculous amounts because the average human being is lazy and likes gadgets and things that blink or glow in the dark, voice command had the possibility to bank a lot of money. So when you’re University buddies with one of Raj Reddy’s protégé’s, why not give him a ring and see if he’s interested in testing his technology on a GPS in exchange for an enormous amount of money. The only problem was, with 80s technology, the manufacturing costs were ridiculous, so the project was cancelled.”
“I have no idea what bronzing means, I’m guessing it’s bad, but the computer found something.” Sherlock took one last look at her before releasing his hold and standing to go see. John helped Irene get off the floor.
Captain Jones leaned back in his chair. He turned to eye Officer Roger, before turning back to Stamford with a calculating eye. “Could you be present at the Press Conference, as a victim?”
John mumbled, “Why did I ask?” and shrugged Sherlock off. “It’s fine, ok? Just stop, the red is gone.” She brushed her hand through her hair and looked worried. “For now, I guess.”
“I know, I should have called, but I must say the look of surprise on your face is priceless. This is just the opening number, wait till you see the finale.” Manning said, tightening his grip on the riding crop. Sherlock, who had been holding the Tesla with both hands, let one go and grabbed John’s shoulder to push him down, forcing him to put a knee on the floor. Sherlock held him there, the Tesla now pointed at his right temple. “Pretty cool, huh?” Manning added, grinning with malicious glee, taking a few steps towards them.
Right, well, that explained why John was questioning his own judgement. Sherlock was doing the same.
“And that is why they need you, Sherlock. If everyone were just the way you are, then you wouldn't have made the difference.” John said in a gentle voice.
' or 'Just leave me alone!' was not something he actually meant these days. It's just that he wanted to be on his own, like he had always loved to be. But, the presence of John himself was something he required on the process.
The small smirk curving up one corner of Sherlock's lips did not escape John's eyes, leaving him furrowing his eyebrows the same way in the first place. Slowly, the detective turned his neck to look at the straight haired man. “A perfect way to disappear, unnoticed.”
“Alright, alright.” The woman nodded to herself as she turned towards the open door. “Call me if necessary…”
He sat down on a couch, once again lost in deep thoughts. It can be anywhere, anyone may have it. But what was more important… “What exactly was written in that letter?” He muttered, barely audible for a normal person but not for Mary. Not during this moment of desperation for a single piece of paper.
“Yeah, sure. And besides, it’s going to be weekend. I’ll have my day off as well.” John glanced at the one in dark trench coat.
She got out a piece of paper from her pocket and handed over to Sherlock without saying anything further. His eyebrows slowly furrowed as he went through the note which read-
“No, not  yet, I didn’t spot anyone loitering around, nor matching your details. I’ll let you know if I find something.”
The Detective stared along, carefully listening to his best friend’s fiancée. He opened his mouth to ay something but once again got interrupted.
“The Roseberys Fine Art Auctioneers Company expresses their heartiest gratitude to Mister Sherlock Holmes and Doctor John Watson. Without their keen efforts and great skills, we wouldn’t have been able to acquire the artifact and perhaps, it would be on the black market by now.” Ferdinand let out a grin. “Thanks to: England’s Hat Man and Robin.”
John did not miss to notice Sherlock dancing with another woman while he was about to twirl his fiancée. He could not but become surprised to see the hat man participating on a waltz, especially with that woman. He never understood Sherlock’s motives clearly, until the detective himself made a clearance. The music was still flowing through the hall when Sherlock finally asked his dancing partner to come to a halt. Plainly thanking the journalist for her company, he walked out of the floor and returned to the same old place he had been standing a few minutes ago, leaving the disappointed journalist behind.
“We're going to the building with Lestrade to have a look.” Sherlock mused, knowing it's pointless to ask John whether he shall accompany him because it's already certain that he will.
“It’s sensitive. Dangerous.” Sherlock muttered to himself, not even sure why he had to do that out aloud. But at least no one had heard him, that’s a relief. And besides, his tendency to remain addicted to murders and cigarettes are the loopholes.
“Your clerk is tied up with his companion right there.” Just as Sherlock finished his sentence, Sergeant Donovan ran up to Lestrade, informing his about the two men who were still alive.
“The Crime-Solving Junkie.” She remarked, bringing up another smile of amusement out of John as she got ahold of the steering wheel and soon, drove themselves away to their destination.
“Hmm…” Sherlock puckered his lips, looking at the floor as if he had something more interesting there.
He let out sigh, thinking about the day when he and John had a mild argument in Baskerville. That very moment when they stood on a lane under the cloudy sky, when he replied rudely to John’s question that he had no ‘friends’. But then, he had to realize it to himself for one more time he’s got just one to call his own.
Soon as he saw Mary disappearing round the corner of the street, he closed the curtains and landed on his bed once again. Not to sleep; to think.
What did John feel at that moment? When the ever-mysterious man stood in front of him with a fake mustache, trying his best to convince and ease up the doctor with an apologetic voice and small, nervous smiles. When he wiped off the marks in order to reconfirm his existence and asked John if his would wipe off as well. Certain, he was unsure whether to laugh or to cry. Whether he should hug the tall man or punch him on the face.
The mental calculations prevailed for the next fifteen minutes until the conversation finally ended and the men parted, leaving Sherlock and Mycroft standing beside each other with their blank faces.
He could not sleep well for the next few hours- shifting every now and then, looking at the window and eagerly waiting for the sun to rise.
When he logs in, there’s a message welcoming him to the site, from a user who specifies herself as both a site moderator and an MD. There is one spam message enticing him to buy penis enlargement medication that he junks and an invitation from another moderator to “explore the newest posts and open chats in our trauma, palliative care and physiotherapy boards!”
There’s a pause from the other side of the door; John peeks one eye open and glances over at it. “I could just kick you out. You’ve not signed the lease yet.”
Sherlock vaguely recalled his death - a training accident just outside of Bern. He’d not thought much about Rungren’s death, chalking it up to simply another freak accident. “Rungren was training at the Bernese Oberland complex where international elite skiers Ernst Egersheim and James Moriarty also train. Egersheim commented to us what a great tragedy it was to lose such a bright young athlete.”
John returned to his room to shower and change, knowing that he would be missed on the slopes. Even with the rest of the racing postponed for the day, he and Sherlock both agreed that his absence would be conspicuous and so after a quick, sweet kiss, he headed back to Rosa Khutor.
Sex changes things, but fundamentally, John knows, it’s not going to alter much about their relationship at all. This had been something that had been hovering just over the horizon for so long and it feels as though the most natural step he’s ever taken, like waking up or wading in. He tells himself this once, and again, and finally turns and shuts off the shower.
that Jackson’s presence was what was keeping me from the podium and I could take out two birds with one stone, but I suppose I shouldn’t have underestimated the old dog Sherlock Holmes!” Moriarty mocked, continuing on. “Hanzu wanted the wax and in return he would apply it to Jackson’s skis. If Jackson didn’t know it was on his skis, well, it’s a remarkable compound that does take some getting used to,
John bit his bottom lip and considered. He looked unsure for a moment, put a little off-kilter by Sherlock’s scrutiny, but as the seconds ticked by his eyes and face cleared; John leveled his gaze across the sofa at Sherlock, resolute. “I don’t want to say that it’s a hunch because it makes me feel like I’m losing it but, his guy, the big one - Moran - was talking to his trainer yesterday and it just, it was odd. They stuck out, you know? Moran was speaking Japanese which struck me as strange. Big hulking idiot like that?” John mimicked Sherlock’s pose, slapping his palms down onto his legs.
Sherlock hit the hard-packed snow with such a force he felt it in his teeth, and at the sensation he growled, smiled and ground down.
Still, as far as Sherlock rightly knew, despite what he felt about John, it truly had been only lunch. It wasn’t as though they’d been caught sharing a candlelit meal over champagne. “It was lunch.”
When he came to, it was with a splitting headache, though thankfully he could immediately place where he was. His first instinct was to move, but he found that his hands had been tied behind his back and each of his feet were secured to a spoke of the rolling desk chair. He fidgeted, trying to move in the chair, and that predictably got his captors’ attention. Sherlock slid in increments across the floor, the wheels squeaking at he did.
Sherlock had no issue with the final few turns on the course, skiing them clean and picking up even more speed as it came to the fine jump. He flew through the air, nothing but blissful, clean white below him and the crowd in the stands beyond. He barely saw any of it though, as his skis once again made contact with the earth in a jolt.
but he’s just not sure what. By the time he’s made it to Molly’s offer of lunch, she’s leaned forward to ensure that the door remains open for him; his stomach grumbles.
He spends the next long moments absent-mindedly cleaning his body, while his mind is wrapped up in the intensity of the evening. Each and every feeling he’d experienced rushed back into the forefront of his mind, assailing his consciousness. He leans a forearm against the glass and sucks in a deep breath, keeping the panic at bay.
They chat in the same manner that they always have over dinner, Sherlock making mention of more salient aspects of the case, John digesting and rearranging facts in his own head. They chat about Rosie, about how cross she’ll be when she has to leave Nana Hudson’s and go back home.
John barks a laugh, and tips his head back with the ludicrosity of it all; a chuckle, and then another escape. When he looks back at Sherlock, he’s wearing an expression of such unguarded happiness that John’s breath stops, caught on not wanting the moment to end.
Sherlock finally put his experiment down, plucking his safety goggles primly away from his eyes and settling them on his head. “So, they’ll miss you for a few days. Surely you’re coaching has stuck enough to carry them through for at least a week. And they’ll have the rest of the staff. Come with me.”
John twists, brings himself closer to Sherlock, has to almost, or he fears he’ll lose his mind. “What else?”
“Oh jesus,” comes Sherlock’s tortured expletive and John smiles; he’s so completely, full-to-the-brim with happiness, knowing that he’s making Sherlock feel good. Knowing that he’s making Sherlock feel as overcome with pleasure as Sherlock had managed with him.
Sherlock hadn’t had much Russian food before, but that unfortunately seemed to be the only option available to them outside of the Village cafeterias; he’d make do with whatever John chose, he was sure, as food wasn’t particularly important to him. “Why don’t we just walk until we find something that catches our fancy?” John had suggested, and lacking any recommendation of his own, Sherlock agreed.
John smiles, looks at the wall just over Sherlock’s shoulder and licks his lips. “Because it’s lunch time? And I can get you back for the coffee.” John waits patiently before Sherlock, never taking his eyes off of Sherlock’s face.
She begins down the pavement in the opposite direction of the Tube and Sherlock pauses on the pavement, wondering why she’s not headed home. “Well, come on then,” she says when she turns, the alcohol having loosened her considerably. “It’s not far. I’ll walk you there, keep your nerves in check.”
. The man on the bench--William--had nearly been charming, in a mysterious, strange sort of way. The man in the morgue had been entirely off-putting and obviously out to undermine what little authority John had.
John blinked his eyes slowly open. “I am… exhausted but I wouldn’t mind…” His gaze flickered towards the bedroom and then back to Sherlock. John stepped forward, rested his forehead on Sherlock’s shoulder and said, “I want to touch you, and I’d really,
Pressing his lips together, John opts to put the glass back on the table, settle his suddenly damp palms on denim-clad thighs. “Yeah no, makes uh, makes sense.”
“Two twenty-one Baker Street,” John gave the address to the cabbie and grinned over at Sherlock, twining their fingers together on the bench seat of the taxi as they settled in. “Thank you,” John whispered across the short distance. “It’s been ages since I’ve had a proper date, been wined and dined like that.”
He side-eyed the food for another beat before grabbing his watch, stunned to find that the time had gone half-nine.
“Oi!” John tries to smack at his hand but isn’t fast enough. “How is it,” he deadpans, spearing a haricot vert.
“Something like that,” Molly says and trips over her own words. “But that’s not--anyway, you’re a soldier right? And could probably handle someone like that so--oh John, really, if you’d like the job you can forward me your CV and cover letter and I can fast track it.” She runs her fingers through her ponytail. “I could
He grinned at the camera - it felt odd, but good - and then down at the snow at his feet. “I always feel as though I’m capable of a medal, though I can’t enter a race envisioning that; I attack the course with everything I have and focus on each aspect of the run as an individual segment-”
When the next email comes his laptop wobbles and almost crashes to the floor due to his haste in wanting to open the message.
While watching, Sherlock had managed to don his Lycra, eyes never leaving Molly’s hands as they lovingly stroked the fiberglass, working it to perfection. “Take a look,” she asked when she pulled back, cheeks flushed and grin bright. “I took Phillip’s advice, these don’t need much in the way of a heavy wax so I tried something new.”
“It’s bigger than the flat!” John goggles, walking around a divider by the door. “Look at the damn bed!”
Sherlock hadn’t needed coaching in some years but the man continued to attend his races; it was as much for genuine moral support as it was an opportunity to drum up new business for himself. Sherlock’s parents had found Greg when they had been away on holiday in Norway. The coach too had been on holiday and it had been a well-timed comment regarding the condition of the powder by Greg to Sherlock’s father that outed him as a skiing coach. What was more was that he too resided in London, a fact that made his training the Holmeses’ son all the more appealing. It was a mutually beneficial match; Sherlock could practice on the slopes of the Alps when the opportunity presented and he’d be coached by Gregory Lestrade at home, at an indoor complex.
It’s a half-gesture, John proposing and leaving Sherlock to accept or deny. He presses his lips together, waiting for Sherlock to reply now that the metaphorical ball is solidly in his court.
“That’s not what you meant,” Sherlock murmured, stepping up into John’s personal space, thrilled that he was allowed to be so bold.
“They’re not going to win gold, that’s for certain. She can’t maintain the landing on her salchow, look at her ankles, and his lifts are slower than usual. He’s not training as he usually does, probably because he’s taken to smoking marijuana to unwind; makes him tired. Pair that with his rapidly deteriorating eyesight - he’s wearing glasses now when he’s off the ice when he used to favor contacts - likely means that he’s not going going to make it back for South Korea in 2018.“
“I’m shit at talking to people, too,” he provides, leaving the sentence hanging, saying nothing more in the hopes that Sherlock will pick up on the thread of conversation. When his cool blue eyes flash back to meet John’s gaze, he feels momentarily as though someone has shoved him quite hard in the sternum.
Lestrade perks up in his chair, pursing his lips in appreciation at each attribute listed. He smiles and nods, accepting. “Well, alright, sounds-”
John wet his bottom lip with the tip of his tongue before sliding it back quickly into his mouth; he took a step back, bracketed his hands on his hips and then, thinking better of it, dropped his hands down at his sides in fists. “That was…”
By the time he made it up to the top of the runs, the sun was high in the sky, so bright it nearly rendered Sherlock’s sunglasses moot. Still, he took it all in from the tram, his outer visage looking for all the world to be the uninterested, seasoned skier; inside, his organs were thrumming with the desire to get on the slopes. It was an addiction, and withdrawal was rearing its head rather spectacularly.
The plane filled and filled and before long Sherlock was certain that they were late taking off. His frustration inched up another notch and he grit his teeth.
“Don’t you worry,” John says into Sherlock’s skin, right at the base of the vee of his shirt. His voice holds a bravado he doesn’t quite know the origin of. “I’ll help you… clean them all out.”
Sherlock said nothing but watched John flip his menu twice more before setting it down and waving over the waiter. “Hello, yeah, could you possibly just bring us whatever’s most popular? Just a few dishes to try?” When the young man left to put in their orders, they both sat back against the booth, casually studying one another.
John chose that moment to reappear, holding three glasses in a triangle formation as he wove through the crowd, doing his very best not to spill them. “Right Molly said this one’s on her, Greg, and Sherlock, your vodka soda.”
John flicked his gaze back and forth between the two men as he shifted nervously to the front of his seat, hands clasped tightly in front of his mouth.
She sighed and licked her lips, but managed to keep her newscaster grin plastered on her face. “You’ve been pretty banged up,” she maneuvered the microphone to point at his face. “Was that an accident on the course?”
It all slots into place for Sherlock; immediately upon entering the flat he falls against the door and groans, dragging his hands down over his face. “Fascinating, handsome, interesting,
“Hah, well, you know how intense training is, and this course is certainly one of the most dangerous I’ve ever skied,” Sherlock evaded, shooting her a carefully calm glare.
The sigh that he emits is cleansing and John closes his eyes, leans his head back on the wall and realizes that he can stop worrying now, just for a bit. He’s got a job, he’s got a bedsit, he’s reconnected with a friend. He’s healing. He’s not totally fulfilled but he knows that change comes with time and he’s only been back a short while yet.
Molly swallows, shoves her hands in her labcoat pockets, pulls them out and makes a beeline for the back of the lab. “Sorry, Sherlock, I’ll erm, let me get those specimens that you wanted and I’ll just, and this is John Watson, he’s my new, that’s just… he’s the new technician working with me.”
Sherlock moved then, pressing his mouth to John’s in a slow, tender kiss. “I’ve not wanted anyone like I want you.”
“How long have you been in London?” John asks, and Sherlock finds himself answering, finding that he’s shocked that this sort of small talk doesn’t feel trite at all. Sherlock asks the same and they both begin sharing What either of them enjoys so much about the city. Sherlock realizes that he may be giving too much of himself as Guest away.
Sherlock spends the remainder of the day reorganizing his notes on all jumpers, and begins putting his observations into a document that he decides he may put on his blog. He picks at carry-out fish and chips and types with one hand, abandoning his food to absentmindedly tug at the rawhide that Redbeard brings to him. He leaves his laptop only to take the dog for his evening walk and to feed him.
“Hey, I insist. You’d be doing me a favor. Who knows how badly you’ll cock up on the slopes if you’re not at your best, right? I don’t want to be subjected to an injured Sherlock Holmes.”
They sat together on the floor, listening on as Greg phoned his contact at the IOC. Minutes later, Sherlock was cradling the phone against his ear while his hands trailed lightly across John’s skin, giving them a detailed account of what had just transpired in his hotel suite. It sounded to Sherlock like a terrifically outlandish tale even as he told it, as though it might have been artfully crafted fiction. His ribs throbbed to remind him that the pain had been real, the plot had been just as diabolical as he was describing, and that yes, indeed, one of the world’s best skiers was actually a murdering, scheming sociopath.
“For you,” John accuses as he places his napkin in his lap and switches the chopsticks and spoon from his right side to his left. “I can eat whatever I damn-well please.”
“You think I do?” he counters, immediately. And Sherlock might think John knows how to navigate this, but this is completely uncharted. “I don’t… I’ve never done this. Something this… important. With someone I...” John emits a heavy sigh, shrugs. “I think we’re doing alright so far, best as able. Don’t you?”
It’s a moment before John moves, but when he does it’s with such a flurry that Sherlock nearly has to take a step back to avoid being checked by his body. “Nope. No, you don’t have to do that.”
“Didn’t like the romance, then? Not good? Taking time with all this?” John begins and then bites down on his bottom lip, worrying it for a moment. “This damned shirt, why did you even- posh little, tiny buttons.”
“Yeah, I’m not great at timing but I’d say now is a good time to tell you that—” John licks his lips and places both hands against the lip of the table. He looks down at his hands, swallows thickly. “I do. Love you. I am… in love with you. I think yeah, now would be the proper time to say it.”
“So, you don’t have friends.” It was sudden, out of the blue and said conversationally, as though to be passed as aloof and not prying - but Sherlock saw through the facade. Perhaps he had been right about John at first blush, it had just taken John longer to get here, to the place where he was critical and offput about the “oddities” of Sherlock Holmes.
As he stepped under the spray he wondered, nervously, how he was possibly going to be able to ski in the finals in a day and a half. Remembering the prescription in his pocket, he added getting painkillers to the list of things he would do when he was properly clean and dressed.
He swallowed thickly, allowing his body to acclimate to the sensations flooding through him until he found the ability to speak. His voice was low and just a touch shaky, but he managed. “I didn’t expect…”
Two men; one, reaching for the other’s hand while the other bats it playfully away before snatching it up, kissing the knuckles. It’s such a private moment that he’s seeing, it feels voyeuristic, but it’s fantastically beautiful.
agree with it of course, but it does make all of this a bit more believable. So! I’m going to kill you-oh, no, wait. I’m sorry,
“You wouldn’t understand,” John teases. “You’re fit and not nearing forty!” His eyes widen as he realizes what he’s said: “fit.” John waits a moment to see if Sherlock will respond. It’s no matter, he supposes. Everyone knows that Sherlock is fit. John is certain he isn’t the first person to have said as much; just another in a long line of people with, well, eyes.
Sherlock wants to growl after her, but to do so would be giving Lestrade precious moments to secure the file away, and so instead, he lunges across the desk and snatches it up. “You could have just asked,” Lestrade says, tiredly, and stands. “Just… don’t take it out of my office, yeah? I’m going to get a coffee. You want?”
Sherlock’s mind stutters, screeches, revs up and works in double time, trying to figure out what to say in response to
Sherlock shoved his hands into his pockets and followed along beside at a distance he deemed to be safe and acceptable; after a few moments, however, he found himself drawn closer to John’s side, so close that their arms brushed and knuckles knocked, and neither moved away. He was warm with drink and company and felt his chest creak and expand as he acknowledged that John clearly wanted to spend time with him; he’d gone out of his way to get Sherlock to stay at the bar and the obviousness of the attempt made Sherlock’s pulse beat wildly with ridiculous possibility. Sherlock licked his lips, willed himself under control and said, feigning disinterest, “The ramblings of a drunkard, I suppose.”
open. It seemed his only likely option was to pick the lock on either the front or the back door. Whipping out his mobile, he took photographs of the back door and the windows that he could easily see, knowing he needed to make quick work of the rest of the home.
“Mmmm,” Sherlock hums, touching John’s hand where it rest against him, feather light. They rest for a moment, stroking and breathing and settling. John wants to say everything that’s fluttering through his head, but it’s so disjointed that he thinks better of it, knows he’ll tell it all in time.
“And then?” Sherlock asked, working his hands into the muscles of John’s upper back, careful to avoid any injured areas; John groaned and leaned into the touch and for a moment they just stood there in the middle of the bathroom, John with his trousers at his ankles and Sherlock massaging out the knots in his neck.
Ms Hooper’s eyes widened, and she turned to Stamford, looking for what to say. Only they both looked at a loss.
“It means that here, in the Warehouse, death is not the only way for an agent to stop being an agent.”
“Well I couldn’t just stand there and watch them try to make a biological bomb out of-” Sherlock protested but was cut off.
He turned his head and noticed Sherlock staring at him again, making him nervous. What did he say? Wasn’t it obvious it was the only way to get out?
“Really? That thing almost blew us up and you’re calling it clever?” The soldier asked breathily, lifting an eyelid to look at the agent.
“Watson!” He heard Talley over the coms. “Where are you, we can’t see you, the system is on lock down ever since the alarm went off. Get back with the team. That’s an order!” Watson scanned quickly for the man, but he was nowhere to be seen. The room marked as restricted contained empty workstations. But there was a door at the far end of the room. He moved towards it silently while whispering into the coms.
Thank you to the extraordinary Zala for filming, stage directions and helping us with choreography, not to mention how you are a wonderful joyous person. Thank you again for listening to me while I freaked out about how the hell we were going to pull this off. I hope you can make it to the next retreat!
“So time stayed still while we were gone.” John said with difficulty, since his ribcage was constrained between Sherlock’s and the battery.
The overwhelming strength of his arousal made Watson instantly regret imagining such things in Holmes’s presence. Watson took a deep breath, held it in five seconds as he stared at the ceiling then gently blew it out. When he looked down he lost his breath. Holmes had opened his eyes. His pupils were dilated as he watched Watson lazily.
John cut him off. “Not that: too early to tell. You’ve only given me that excuse one time and it was when... Wait, does this have something to do with Manning?”
Sherlock was mostly sure John made a face, but didn’t say anything, just wrapped his arm around Sherlock’s waist. “Come on, let’s get you up. Ready?”
“So you somehow found them and used them without having a clue what they do, all this just to save me?” Sherlock insisted, one part of him not quite believing what he was hearing, the other surprised that John had the guts to blindly trust his instincts.
Like a moth drawn to a flame, the artifact spread across every fiber of John’s being, focused on the anger and fanned it, making it burn into rage. Heartbeat accelerated, body temperature higher than average, pupils dilated, John cried out as if he was about to run into battle.
They did it three times, with Wiggins calling the movements.  By the third try Anderson made it through without missing a step.
“It’s all here, you just have to look; the building has been in dire need of maintenance for at least six months. You shut down the power at night to keep the electricity bill to a minimum. The sets are being repurposed repeatedly,” Holmes waved a hand to their left. “The equipment is old and in most cases in need of replacement. It works, thanks to a long-term staff, but it’s still a temporary solution.”
“You just chose to ignore the ‘after coffee’ part.” John added, turning it on and leaning against the counter, his arms crossed, facing the brothers.
“You brought tie wraps?” Sherlock asked. It had only been two days since he had been the one getting tied up by the soldier.
“That’s how it started. I got shot.” He pushed his food around his plate. “I was in the hospital, recovering. I was bored, miserable, but I wasn’t the worst off. The soldier on my left had lost an arm and a leg. We started chatting when they were easing him off the pain meds. He asked me to tell him a story, to distract him. And I just…” Watson scratched the back of his head as he remembered the look on that soldier’s face. “I couldn’t say no. Said the first thing that popped into my head. A story I’d heard in the field: three special ops on experimental drugs dropped by helicopter. They were completely delirious, paranoid, but still managed to get into enemy territory and do some serious damage before they all died of heart attacks caused by the drugs. That made him laugh, well, as much as he could with those wounds.” Watson chuckled, “There was this one crazy story about how this one guy stepped on a land mine and…”
Holmes’s eyes lingered on Watson’s lips a moment before he turned away. He slowly put on his trench coat, listening to Watson and Ms Hooper revise the filming schedule and talk storytelling and photography. Holmes could already tell how good a team they were.
“Take off your shirt, I need to see it.” Sherlock said as he moved forward to start undressing John. Taken aback, it took him a moment to push Sherlock’s hands away and to do it himself, turning his back to him. “It looks like it’s activated by your body heat.”
“If this is the only way to get it into that thick skull of yours that hazard warnings are important, then yes.”
Holmes tried to speak up, but he was quickly losing consciousness. The last thing he saw was Ms Hawkins petting his hair and telling him it would be all right.
“Help?” Sherlock’s tone was disbelieving. “You call this help? You come here and send us into what is obviously a trap without so much as batting an eyelash, threaten me with an artifact you are not authorised to use, not to mention playing around with John’s blood pressure. You’re trying to distract us from whatever it is you’re really here to do before you leave. Really, next time, text me, I insist. I’d rather answer than go through this again. Now get out.” The agent concluded, his tone final as he turned back towards the screens.
“I looked away for maximum 10 seconds; he never could have gotten far without help in so little time.” The agent looked at Watson with a sceptical look. “How could I know he’s fucking Houdini?”
Holmes checked both their coats, revealing his black tuxedo, as dictated by Stamford, and Ms Adler’s black fitted dress. It had a high neckline, with a gold ribbon around her neck, and several others draped from the neck to her shoulders and arms, creating the illusion of liquid golden sleeves.
“So let me get this straight,” Wiggins said to Stamford when he finished retelling the story to the cast and crew.
It hit dead center, causing a backlash that hit everything in a 10 meter radius, propelling John’s body across the floor. With a grunt, he twisted to see the damages on the sphere. There was a clear hole but it looked like it was starting to close. Quickly, John rushed to his feet and ran, throwing himself through the slowly closing opening, thankfully getting through before he lost a limb.
Thank you to @nautilicious for her beautiful soprano voice and for playing the fabulous Irene Adler (I know we can see her tattoos. Does it really matter? Those are awesome tattoos.). You picked up the choreography so quickly and nailed Irene/Jane, I could not have asked for a better partner to dance and sing with.
“Napoleon’s Violin.” He was about to ask what exactly was Napoleon’s Violin but the new agent was pretty sure the answer he was going to get was it’s a violin and it belonged to Napoleon.
Cursing himself for the slip up, he could feel his cheeks burn as he finished scrubbing the dishes. They stayed silent until Watson had no choice but to sit back down in front of Holmes. He found his and Holmes’s glasses refilled and resisted the temptation to down his drink.
“I’m going to the flat.” He told the back of Sherlock’s head. He waited 15 seconds before giving up and grabbing his coat.
Sherlock slides over the hood of the car and continues running as if he didn’t just almost get hit by a car. A shorter man with blond-ish hair, JOHN WATSON, runs in front of Jake’s car, mouths ‘sorry’ to Jake and Rosa before catching up with Sherlock.
Only Sherlock didn’t lose focus this time, he was much too interested in knowing how John felt in his mouth.
Watson pushed back with his hips, grinding his arse against Holmes as a distraction, hoping that the mix of surprise, arousal and alcohol would make Holmes release the arm lock. Success. With a strong push off the floor, Watson lifted Holmes up and to the side, making him land on his side heavily. Watson quickly pushed Holmes onto his back. Before he could get a chance to react, Watson crawled over Holmes, straddling him, and grabbing hold of his wrists to hold them on either side of his head.
“We we’re sent to Taiwan to get some intel. We mostly did search and rescue back then, but once in a while we would go on intel missions. Manning hated those, said he wasn’t trained to take pictures for a living.”
He could feel John sizing him up, like a Captain checking his troops. Seemingly satisfied, John sat in the red armchair and sipped his tea.
“I knew Kotik sounded familiar. It’s Russian, it means cat, the tattoo is the symbol of a Russian terrorist group from the 19
“Something about a contract that allows her to keep artifacts. Sherlock ranted about it for days, thought I’d never hear the end of it.”
“I don’t experience any erotic satisfaction when chasing thieves and murderers. What I enjoy is a good puzzle. Something that engages my mind. With your help, we’ll solve it faster. Ideally before he kills again.”
They were greeted by valet parking as they drove up to the Indigo Club. Two young men opened their doors and took the keys from Sherlock who didn’t bother to wait for the ticket. With a tight smile, John took the ticket and caught up with his partner.
The only way he could tackle her without hitting Sherlock or furniture was from the front. She saw him coming and instinctively tried to stop him with the crop, freeing Sherlock. She couldn’t know its control was limited to one person. While she watched John’s frozen figure fall to the floor, Sherlock lunged at her, knocking the crop out of her hands. John grabbed it while Sherlock immobilised her, his voice filled with threat.
“I wanted coffee, figured you’d want some, what with that hangover.” He explained flatly as he turned a page, his eyes looking up briefly.
“Where the hell is this anyway?” He asked as he looked up towards the man only to find that they had both disappeared. “Oh come on! Not again!”
“Mr Anderson, sir.” Lestrade eyed Watson. “It’s rather sensitive information, I believe it’s best if we speak in private.”
“Well, it did go well, the knife was there, the clock was just a coincidence. It’ll be over once we neutralize it.” Sherlock said as they finally approached the shop entrance. He opened the door, both of them struggling to get the unconscious man through it. They sat him down in a chair and John took out tie wraps.
“No, it’s not.” Watson spat, trying in vain to stay calm. “Dragging Jane into it is a bad idea. If word gets out about his past, her reputation and the bakery is ruined.”
“Here.” John handed Sherlock the pills and glass of water. While Sherlock drank, John reached for latex gloves in the med kit, causing his knees to brush against Sherlock’s.
“Right,” Wiggins said with a breathy smile and pointed to Holmes. “Time for you to dance. We’ll do a first run without the music. Ready?” Wiggins waited for Holmes’ nod. “Five, six, seven, eight.”
He jerked awake and cursed. “You have got to be kidding me.” John moaned before covering his head with his pillow.
Their eyes met and for a moment, Holmes broke character to smile at Watson. He suddenly understood what Ms Adler had meant by The Look. Yes, that was going to happen a lot now.
That was when Watson spotted the marks on his neck. The marks he had made just a few hours ago. A shiver went down his back as memories washed over him, simultaneously making the ache in his chest grow. Watson looked away when he realised he probably had marks too and readjusted his collar.
Watson eyed Ms Hooper. “Of course, but…” He leaned back in his chair and looked at a loss for words.
“I am, very much so,” Watson reassured. “But the opinion that really matters is the one that ends up in the papers tomorrow.”
Erm, we’re not, I mean, I’m sorry that happened to you, but Sherlock, he’s not-- we’re not a couple.
“Where are you going?” The deep voice questioned as he heard the familiar creek of the hard wood floor a few feet away from the steel door.
“Because of this.” Sherlock handed him the box in the neutralizing bag, his tone revealing he was clearly not amused about his brother’s remark.
Sherlock exhaled through her mouth this time, slowly, as she sorted through her mental catalogue of smells, attempting to figure out what it could be. On her third inhale, John shifted beneath her. What seemed out of place suddenly overpowered everything else.
“You just knocked out Frank Hudson.” Watson was standing in the doorway, looking from Hudson’s unconscious body to Holmes. “You just knocked out Frank Hudson.”
Well, Holt call me to his office and asked me to help get Holmes and Watson to admit their love to each other.
He was lucky to get a cab at such a late hour, and his leg was grateful for it. It had started acting up more and more, and tonight was no exception.
idiot. Why do you think it isn’t true?” John asked, trying his best to be the bigger man and not resort to violence, as satisfying as it could be.
“Burn marks on the floor badly hidden by carpeting. She must have tried some target practice earlier, not to mention the trench coat and hat in the lobby. I assumed the person I saw running away from the hotel room was a man when in fact Mrs. Carson fits the height and gait perfectly. Clever really, no one would suspect her of killing her husband if he left her a couple of days ago and nobody has seen him since.” Sherlock finished before starting the car.
Sherlock imagined John’s hand instead of his own, pulling gently, slowly, from base to tip and down again. With his other, he reached down, cupping and teasing his balls before reaching around to press the tender areas of his arse. The combination was incredible, making him squirm on the couch, half thrusting into his hand.
Watson woke around ten thirty, relieved to have finally slept more than three hours in a row. He made his way down to set to get coffee and pastries. They were setting up for the next scene when he walked in. He made his way to Angelo, grateful to not have to wait for it to brew.
“Excuse me gentlemen, the director needs to speak to the lead actor,” Watson interrupted with a smirk.
John frowned, unsure how to take that response. “Well, it’s normal for friends to discuss these things.”
“Even with your petty attempts to slow me down by erasing the hotel registry, I could still solve this case in my sleep.”
“Just make sure your head can still make it out the door alive.” Talley said, frowning at Jones’s attitude.
Holmes instantly obeyed, and stared up at Watson, a mixture of confusion and surprise, not quite understanding what had happened.
“That won’t prevent me from having to spend the evening enduring inane conversation.” Holmes said as he walked over to the window and sighed dramatically.
Jake looks at Amy a moment before looking away. He sees Sherlock following someone towards the museum.
“We’re looking for this.” Sherlock explained as he took out a picture of the clock with the bust on it. “The sculpture on top, it’s what we’re need.”
“This is the last time I let you jump over anything ever again, you understand me?” Morgan chastised him.
“Will it affect my performance?” Holmes replied, keeping his American accent even though they were alone.
Molly had no idea what Sherlock had done, she was captivated by John’s face, how expressive she was. How she was tense but relaxed, how she let herself go in Sherlock’s arms yet guided her. Molly could tell she was close, a sheen of sweat covered her body as she undulated under Sherlock’s attentions, but something was missing. As if John needed a push.
That must have been hard as hell. I had someone like that. Undercover cop. Had a price on his head, went into hiding the night before our wedding. When it was all over, he was supposed to come back. He didn’t. It took six months. For six months I thought he was dead. Because I didn’t want to think he didn’t care about me anymore. Those were the worst six months of my life. I can’t imagine what it must have been like to see him… and then come back two years later. I don’t know what I would have done. Probably break something. Something big.
John had had plenty of time off in different countries and had always looked around for a gift to bring back to Harry. He never bought anything, always telling himself he didn’t know when he would give it to her anyway. All those countries, all those times, he had always walked around and thought of his sister.
Watson took a sip of his drink and leaned his elbows on the table. “Stamford, don’t get me wrong, I am thrilled about the good reviews, but knowing you, if you had your choice we’d be in a restaurant right now. And Ms Adler, I thank you for being our host and inviting us here, but can we stop with the chit chat? Why are we here?”
Watson couldn’t help the smile that grew on his face as he watched them bring his words to life. When they called cut, the crew would applaud and laugh, commenting on some lines and deliveries.
It was all he wanted to do, turn his head and look at the madman asleep on his shoulder, but Watson knew it would kill him if he did. Because he didn’t want to remember it. He wanted to see it, every morning, for the rest of his life.
Watson wasn’t sure if the words had been a dream, but the idea of having a future with this man, the concept even, made him fight the tears in his eyes. Never in his wildest dreams had Watson imagined something even close to this. Waking up with Holmes in his arms like this felt impossible. Yet here he was, curls brushing against Watson’s chin. He should have known better. After having seen what Holmes was capable of, he was mad enough to find a way to make this work.
John took one glimpse at the goon’s dumbstruck face and bit the inside of his cheek to stop himself from laughing. “So, what’ve you got?”
“New chemical hallucinogen. If they do it right they could become the first mass producer on the black market. Frank Hudson will make a fortune.”
Sherlock eyes smirked, she did something with her hands that made John gasp and arch her back further, pushing into Sherlock’s mouth as she pressed her back against Molly. Molly’s hands cupped and pinched John’s breast harder as she bit her lip.
He let himself gravitate towards the crops, taking one off the rack. It was fine leather, springy, good quality. He had tested it on himself once. He wanted to know what the horse would feel. It had hurt, obviously. Even after all his research, Sherlock was perplexed by pain in a sexual context. He understood how some people could be aroused by domination, by causing pain. But experiencing pleasure from pain? Besides the appeal of the endorphin release after long term exposure to pain, it left him baffled.
“I-” Watson hesitated. Even after turning it in his head again and again he just couldn’t figure out when he could have taken it. “I don’t know. I just turned around and he was gone and I didn’t have it anymore. It doesn’t make sense. It’s like he froze time.”
John woke up on his bed, still dressed. His head was pounding as he turned onto his back, knocking the empty whiskey bottle off the bed onto the floor. He opened his eyes and regretted it immediately, blinded by the light spilling through the curtains. Grunting, he crawled out of bed and made his way blindly to the bathroom.
With a pinch of his lips, John took off his coat. He hung it next to Sherlock’s, took the pictures, and sat down on the couch next to Sherlock.
“That arsehole.” She replied. “He’s supposed to phone if he can’t make it.” She paused to take a drag. “You lads could have just come in through the front, you know.” She commented as she watched Holmes climbed back down.
It meant so much to me to not only attend the retreat with you all, but to have heard all your clever intelligent thoughts on writing and fandom. I hold you all dear in my heart and hope to see you again next year.
“Here.” Was all Sherlock answered, handing John a dark brown folder with its edges worn out that was barely containing a thick pile of papers. He turned it in his hands, his fingers brushing the Warehouse seal on the cover. The artifact description page was on top of the pile of case reports, with a picture of the GPS on the left hand side.
“Lestrade said you were good, but I wasn’t- well I wasn’t expecting- I mean, not that I had any expectations, but that…”
Relieved, John made his way to the kettle, which boiled right when he saw a dark mop of hair appear at the top of the stairs leading up to the balcony’s office door.
“I’m fine.” Sherlock grumbled before he hissed at the blinding pain on the back of his head. He cursed himself. It was never good to get hit early in a situation like this.
Sherlock was used to people misunderstanding this about him. It was almost a habit to keep up the façade, letting them think he was a psychopath. It kept them out of his way.
Before they could head into the theatre, they posed for pictures in front of the glass and gold doors. Then they did a few shots with the crew, the process of fitting everyone into the shot rather entertaining.
“I never agreed.” Sherlock answered truthfully, his fingers flying over his Farnsworth, probably already looking for train tickets to Bideford.
“Sher- Ah! Fuck, yes, I need-” John moaned, her head hitting the back of the chair. “I want- uhhh, I- mph-”
If it hadn’t been for Holmes and Ms Adler cutting in every time Watson was about to say something rude, he would have ruined the movie before it came out.
“I think it’s perfect for our line of work, it prevents any complications.” She paused, leaned in a bit closer. “And, well, to be honest, it’s nice, not to have to fight you off, all the time.”
“Sigerson Holmes, it’s an honour to meet the woman taking over the hearts of Hollywood.” He kissed her hand chastely. “And a privilege to get the chance to share the screen with someone with your skill and respect for the craft.”
She tried to answer, but it came out as a mush of “hi,” “hello,” and “what are you doing here?” Sherlock ignored her mumbled response and walked straight towards her. Molly could feel her heartrate accelerate the closer she got.
“I understand why you insisted we order right away.” Holmes leaned back in his seat, grateful it was just the two of them at last.
Watson prepared himself for the long-winded conversation he knew was about to take place. It wasn’t his first time having to deal with an actor over analysing lines and character motivations. He understood the process and why some actors did this, but he personally found it tedious to analyse fictional characters emotions this intensely.
This means that I am choosing to publish even though it hasn't gone through the established process and it will most likely be a lot easier to tell that english is not my first language, but I hope you'll still enjoy :D
Holmes put on his jacket, fixed his hair in the mirror, trying to get it to relax and curl a bit so he could comb it back with a bit of a wave rather than straight back. Once he was ready, Holmes opened the door for Watson. Watson grabbed his cane and limped past Holmes, forcing himself to look straight ahead.
Instinctively, John pushed Sherlock to the side and spun, swiftly evading the club aimed at his head before punching his assailant in the stomach. As the man bent over in pain, John used his momentum and propelled him forward into the wall on the right side of the door, effectively knocking him out.
“Exactly. So it’s whammied. And for the record, the term has been around since Warehouse 6.” John’s brain had to take a moment to process the idea of other versions of the Warehouse, but it just created more questions, so he kept to the subject at hand.
Jake and Amy look at each other before looking away blushing. The elevator dings and the doors open. Sherlock walks inside with John and Lestrade on either side. Sherlock flips his collar up, having some type of ‘Zoolander’ moment, and the elevator doors start closing.
Stamford’s mouth opened and closed a few times. “The Hud- the-the Hudson C-Cartel is trying to bankrupt me?”
Look, I never thought I’d get to meet you one day, let alone work a case together. I’d be an idiot not to ask. Just… think about it. I know this isn’t your sort of thing, and it’s okay if it doesn’t work out. I-I’m just glad we had our time together.
Thank you everyone for coming in on the weekend. With the information gathered from the interrogation of our suspect Lance Turner--
“I swear, I’m bloody cursed.” Stamford said as he reached the studio door and walked in, jaw clenched.
John and Sherlock run through the kitchen. There are a few shouts of surprise coming from the staff. They head out a swing door that leads into the dining room.
This gave the tags the ability to grant wishes, which seemed dull to Sherlock at first, since it was similar to the copper kettle. With further research, he discovered that it didn’t have a downside. It had, however, specific conditions for the wish to be granted: the wish had to be made for someone else, and the user had to love the person for whom they were wishing.
“Alright, Ms Riley was kind enough to volunteer to read Jane.” Ms Hawkins said as she opened her script.
BTW: Sorry for the late update, life sort of threw me for a loop last week. There shouldn't be any further delays.
Forgetting about the ringing Farnsworth, John threw it aside and placed his hand on the back on Sherlock’s head to help with the breathing. “Sherlock, stop talking.”
Obviously, Watson used the first take, the one in which he got the landing, and the next shot Edward’s hair was different, to hide the stitches, but it still worked. Holmes turned to Watson, who was smiling.
Dimmock was sitting at the piano, the sheet music spread on the cover. Holmes was standing a few feet to his right, his shirtsleeves rolled up to his elbows and music in hand.
Watson smiled. “I bumped into Stamford, during a trip to London to see family. He was so excited to hear I was writing and insisted I send him a script. The day before his flight back, he came to see me and offered me a full-time job writing for Stamford Productions. He even had an extra plane ticket with him.”
Watson smiled and shook his head as he limped past Holmes. “I’ll look at it again after filming.” He warned as they walked out of the infirmary.
“Seriously, what? You’re the one always going on about communication yet you can’t even finish a sentence properly.” The agent snapped.
It’s too late, the damage is done. We need to focus on how to get Holmes and Watson to admit their love for each other.
“I thought it was the music in the shop. And then between chasing a man down the streets, getting stabbed and transformed into glass, hearing orchestra music wasn’t really my priority.”
Holmes looked at Ms Adler and found himself enjoying the fact the investigation had taken a turn he couldn’t have predicted. Holmes saw Ms Adler’s instinct for survival with a whole new perspective, including what she had said earlier about helping people. This information could easily be used as blackmail.
“Nothing. He just took the jar and put it in the plastic bag, which sparked, sealed it, and I took it to put between me and my vest.”
“Which means that I have no choice but to admit the story of The Dancing Bachelor is, in fact, realistic,” Sherlock continued, enjoying the sound of John laughing. “Now that I’ve had the chance to experience something similar to Edward and Jane’s story, well, love is capable of murder; reconsidering my celibacy and commitment to my work seem trivial in comparison. After all, your contribution did help solve the case, I would be an idiot not to ask if you’d be interested in working with me on a regular basis.”
“Let me ask you this then, since your capacity to finish a sentence is impaired; you kissed me, right?”
The first assailant to hit the floor was the tallest who had tried to punch Sherlock and ended up going down face first, nearly missing Lennox who was attempting to crawl away from the brawl. The three other guards quickly followed suit, either unconscious or moaning in pain on the floor around the agents who had barely broken a sweat.
Sherlock looked down at him, using the full effect of his height to emphasise his words. “God, how I envy you sometimes, with your flaccid mind, being able to believe so easily.”
“I did.” Holmes continued, ignoring Stamford’s face slowly turning red. “I initially thought you were pocketing the money on every production by not paying your suppliers. But I’ve eliminated that possibility now that I’ve met you, and seen the studio.” He added as he waved around.
“Wrong.” Sherlock cut her off again, earning himself another surprised yet aggravated look from their visitor.
“I would love to hear it.” Stamford pulled back and patted Watson on the back a few times. “Very much.”
“Then Frank Hudson and Ms Hawkins came to warn the police were coming and then everything just-” John cut himself off and took a sip of wine. “Lestrade and the police arrived shortly after, they went after Moriarty and Ms Hawkins and took care of Hudson while I untied you.”
Sherlock stumbled as he obeyed, forgetting his trousers and pants were around his knees, and because he couldn’t stop shaking.
Simultaneously, Sherlock had taken a step sideways from the force of John’s shove, making him evade the second assailant’s blow aimed at his own head. The senior agent grabbed his forearm and twisted it, making the man contort his shoulder in response. With a slight push down, the man moaned in pain and twisted his body in an attempt to lessen Sherlock’s grip, resulting in his head smashing into the wall, knocking him unconscious.
Scrolling through John’s blog didn’t help. It hadn’t been updated, but Sherlock read and reread everything, including the links that explained the dynamics of the Dom/Sub relationship.
.” And despite the obviously come on, the rather salacious nature of it, Sherlock finds himself laughing.
Results return dozens of options, and for a moment he feels overwhelmed and left behind, a forgotten, tarnished remnant of the nineties that somehow slipped inconspicuously and unseen into the oughts. The internet landscape has changed so much since he was last able to surf it freely. The graphics and the text look glossy and updated and for a brief flash John feels entirely too old to be searching for something as silly as chat rooms.
Lestrade blinks, and then groans, breaking into a wide grin. “You dick,” he says and laughs. “Right, well, not for me then. So, what
If you’re someone that’s bored easy, well, maybe we shouldn’t meet. Nothing to write home about on this end.
As soon as the words are out of John’s mouth, Sherlock rolls over and slithers out from under him, pops to his feet and begins divesting himself of his clothing with impressive speed. John just rolls back onto the bed as his laughter takes him, watching Sherlock’s impromptu striptease through the happy tears that settle along his lower eyelids.
Sherlock sighed, “Right, we all owe a great deal to John, now, back to the issue at hand? We can’t lodge an official complaint, we’ve no concrete evidence aside from the wax--”
Sherlock was too knackered to ignore it, and he wiped at his eyes with firm fists. “Exhausted. I take it you were unable to find out anything about my room?”
“I’m sorry, the look on your face,” John intones with a cheek grin. “You knew I’d say yes, you had to have known that.”
Sherlock rolls his eyes, steps back into John’s personal space, and cups John’s elbows with his palms. He is so warm. “Stop stalling, you know they aren’t,” Sherlock whispers in earnest, and leans in to kiss the crest of John’s left cheekbone. “Go change into your frankly hideous pajamas and meet me in my room.”
“God, fuck,” John too was gritting his teeth, the corners of his eyes pinched in pain. “Give me a minute, you’re… christ you’re bigger than you feel.”
Sherlock coughs out an embarrassed laugh, but maintains eye contact with John after a brief glance away. “Not with—no, not with Janine.”
“They’re gorgeous, aren’t they?” Molly whispered, rounding the vice to stand next to him. “Can’t tear your eyes away.”
This can be as messy and stilted as they want it to be, as long as they finally let it all go. All of it. And this admission, this heaving complexity of a real future together is incredibly important, heady, something that absolutely needs to be clarified and spoken aloud.
“If I... John if I had kept my distance,” Sherlock trembled and jolted with tears, “you’d never have been put in danger. You’d have had a happy danger-free life. Y-your daughter would have... have a mom,” He choked out, John started to speak before Sherlock cut him off,
Sherlock scoffed, glancing anywhere but John. They waited for a while before Lestrade came over to them.
“John, I-” Sherlock looked up, making eye contact with John. His eyes were glassed over, shimmering in the artificial lighting and his bottom lip was trembling, “I’m so sorry,” he repeated over and over again, shoving the tray of breakfast towards John. John was bewildered, he’d never seen Sherlock so... Vulnerable.
He awoke just as quickly though, a cold sweat layered over his features and a trembling shiver racking through his body as the memories of the rising water suffocating him plagued his head. His nightmare steadily challenged his war nightmares, both being horrifying experiences. John took a deep breath, and pulled the cover back over him as he flopped back down. He scrunched his eyes as if it would help get rid of the memories, alas it did nothing and he tossed and turned fitfully.
“These are the smallest I could find,” Sherlock placed a folded pile of his clothes on the coffee table. He scratched his neck awkwardly, “The room upstairs is free, obviously,”
John fell asleep quickly, the fatigue and stress of the day tearing at his body, to say it was a bad day would be an understatement.
John froze. He looked down to the man in front of him, stunned into silence. His brain finally turned back on when Sherlock started to cry but silently.
Sherlock paused for a second before tapping the space next to him. John hesitated but crawled into Sherlock’s bed anyway, figure still trembling. The detective’s hand fell against his forehead, pulling back almost immediately,
“The famous Sherlock Holmes taking his coat off in public,” John sassed, with a smirk as he pulled the fabric round him tighter.
“Nope. None of that too. You’re human and as much as you don’t want to admit it, you still have a heart,”
“No. No. Sherlock Holmes, you are the single most greatest thing that has ever come into my life. Before you, I was just a sad doctor living on an army pension. And yes we’ve had our bad days, and bloody terrible days too, we’ve also had the good. Sherlock look at me,” John asked and placed his hands in the detective’s hair. Sherlock raised his eyes, looking guiltily at John.
After finishing off in the bathroom, John softly padded to their living room, Sherlock was in their kitchen fumbling around with the kettle. He hadn’t noticed John coming in so the soldier coughed to get his attention. Sherlock startled a bit before turning to John, his eyes downcast and in his hand he held a tray of breakfast, apparently.
“Sorry um... I couldn’t sleep so I came to see if you were awake and the door creaked,” He apologised.
“Thank you,” John said picking up the clothes and sending a hesitant nod to Sherlock. He changed into the clothes upstairs, noticing how they were very long on him but a bit tighter as John was small and muscular but Sherlock was tall and thin. He’d definitely gotten thinner over their time apart, John promised to himself to make sure Sherlock ate more. As he crawled into bed, he cocooned the blanket round himself and listened to see if Sherlock was still awake. There was a few little taps and the soft pad of Sherlock shuffling across his floor (a bad habit of his) and then complete silence.
Sherlock nodded, humming in agreement. Lestrade left, probably to go and get Mycroft, and John and Sherlock were left alone again.
Sherlock was stunned for a moment, unsure of what to say so instead he leant forwards, hoping John would catch on. The soldier did, leaning forwards the rest of the way and claiming the detective’s lips. It felt like electric had jolted through the both of them, but it mostly felt... right. Like curling up in a fluffy blanket, with a hot drink on a cold winter night. Like listening to waves crashing against rocks. John smiled into the kiss as Sherlock melted, his body pressing against John’s. They parted and Sherlock put his head (albeit a bit uncomfortably due to their height difference) on John’s shoulder and the soldier wrapped his arms tightly against Sherlock, refusing to let him go.
Morning came quickly, the golden rays of sun leaking in through a crack in the curtains. John woke up alone, the only evidence that Sherlock had slept in the bed was him was the dip in his bed. He rolled over, checking the time; 10:47. Sherlock could be heard moving about in the kitchen. John sat up groggily, rubbed a tired hand over his eyes and stepped into Sherlock’s adjoining bathroom.
The detective stared for a few seconds until a choked, gravelly sob climbed from his throat and his eyes clenched shut. Sherlock stumbled before dropping to his knees in front of John and burying his face in John’s stomach, hands gripping the fabric of the soldier’s shirt tightly.
“John, you’re burning up. Stay there.” Sherlock got up and sluggishly dragged himself to the bathroom, John heard a cupboard open, a few taps and then the faucet was switched on. Sherlock came back a few seconds later, a flannel in one hand and a small tub of water in the other. Sherlock dipped the rag into the water as he climbed back onto the bed, rang it out and gently dabbed it against John’s forehead; the water was just perfect, not too cold and not too warm. John relaxed with a sigh, letting Sherlock drag the flannel onto his neck. The detective was being unusually nice but John decided he’d ask about it in the morning, he was a bit too relaxed to ruin the moment. Sherlock re-wet the cloth and placed it over John’s forehead, pushing the tub of water further away from them before climbing in next to John and resting his head on the soldier’s head.
“Be good, or at the very least, not quite as bad,” John murmurs, dropping a quick kiss on Sherlock’s lips before he leaves in search of a drink.
“Oh, you know, anytime I have them in.” She smiles. “Not those, specifically, but when I have something interesting in I-I call you!”
. John rolls his eyes at that, which is a knee-jerk reaction he’s surprised by, but clicks on the link.
is all it reads and John ignores the blinking walk signal and shuffles back out of the way of passersby.
Their flight was - blessedly - a private one sponsored by British Airways, though it was on a smaller aircraft than Sherlock had been expecting. Between the competitors, the designated press, individual trainers and coaches, the flight was very nearly full. Sherlock made his way down the aisle, nodding his head at the athletes who acknowledged him with a hello or a smile; he lackadaisically fist bumped the professionals whom he’d chosen to accompany him on the trip. They were veterans in the sport and knew the ins and outs of wax and bindings like none other.
William doesn’t look up at him, simply waves his hand in a dismissive manner and begins tapping once more at his mobile. John picks up his pace–difficult with his cane–and makes it to the hospital with seven minutes to spare. Once he finds the room that his orientation is to be in, he pulls out his own mobile to silence it but realizes that he has three new messages in his inbox.
“Maybe it’s that you’ve been training for so long that your body is on autopilot. Maybe it’s the course itself, maybe it’s a lot of things but, yeah. Just, I can’t believe I don’t have
Now, they’re in the position of requesting a booking on-site, which John knows from the get-go won’t work in their favor when attempting to book two rooms. The sheer number of people that had been on hand when they arrived made the inn, which had been described on the chamber of commerce website as “a relaxing sojourn far from your troubles”, seem into something more like a carnival.
Sherlock was about to continue, buoyed by John’s delight and surprise, when he felt a hand clasp on his shoulder. “Oi! Ever answer your phone?”
Sherlock boldly takes John in hand, thumb swiping the beads of moisture at the tip of his cock and the laughter dies abruptly in his throat. He fumbles with the bottle, smearing slick all over his hand; Sherlock smears his palm against John’s, and then wraps his hand around John’s length.
: I guess what I’m saying is that I came back from where I was thinking I was of no use and then we met in that chat room
John feels everything, intensely, all at once. All of his wants finally being realised, Christmas morning but ten times better, the realization that he’s about to love the man he’s loved for ages with his body. It’s heady and gorgeous and some distant part of his mind wishes he could slow this all down, take ages and ages, nearly eternity, to undress Sherlock.
“Don’t flatter yourself John,” Sherlock responds, but then, apparently thinks better of it. “But yes, let’s hope not.”
John’s mouth twists. “Oh you poor, arrogant arsehole genius. I feel so sorry for you. Have I hurt your feelings?”
He’s not sure why he says these things, half of the time. Sometimes, his mouth moves at the speed of his brain and he can’t edit the words that come out. Sometimes he thinks he means them and sometimes he doesn’t, but he never usually feels this positively
“This’d go a lot more smoothly if you’d let me up for a moment,” John muttered, managing to get both shoes kicked off and across the room.
Sherlock Holmes eyed the crowd before him with an aloofness that had taken him years to cultivate. Stretched out in his chair, legs crossed at the ankle, he observed the excited faces of people who each harbored secret hopes of gold; it was a pity there were so few elite athletes amongst his delegation. It would be a miracle if anyone but himself managed to medal.
“Yeah, well, I’m jaded. Now, are you taking me to lunch to thank me for setting you up to jump through these hoops, is my question.”
This love he holds for Sherlock is a quietly-expanding miracle, one that is unfurling in his chest. It’s infinitely exhilarating and new, the carrying of this knowledge back to their room and John is glad that he can tell Sherlock is feeling similarly. It’s a bizarre miasma inside of him, feeling intently right, even, and whole, and entirely on edge from the suspense of discovering what Sherlock looks like, sounds like, spread beneath him in a bed.
But then he realizes that they have time. They have all the time they want to suss all of this out. It doesn’t have to happen at once, doesn’t all have to be spoken of and absorbed tonight. It’s incredible, what that realization does to him; it feels like weight sloughing away, like he’s finally seeing the sun for the first time in months, finally breathing.
Sherlock takes the moment while John is typing his response to save John’s number in his phone. He takes great relish in pressing the ‘Save’ button when he’s through inputting John Watson’s name.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and shut the door with a bit more effort than necessary. “Spectacular to see the security here is a high priority; John is on his way.”
and it was brave and I’m proud of you for that. For being… a role model—god help us all—to LGBT kids who think they
John’s hands flutter in a sort of flail, first against Sherlock’s back and then find themselves up in his slippery hair once more, tugging back, as to get Sherlock away from him for a moment. But Sherlock just lavishes in the tug, groans, and bites at John’s skin.
Their erections brushed lightly - John’s naked to Sherlock’s clothed - and the sweet friction caused them both to gasp and press into one another. Sherlock held in a groan as their slick tongues licked and tasted, hot breath ghosting over cheeks as they tore away to sip at air before ducking back in, mouths together.
“Yes.” His brother’s voice was encouraging but condescending, as though he were speaking to a child. Sherlock bit his lip, halting the caustic retort that sprung to the tip of his tongue.
He roused feeling warm and heavy, and curled onto his side to allow consciousness to gently come into focus. After a yawn he curled onto his other side, stretched out his achy limbs and tosses his arms out to the side.
but…” She sighs. “Just a bit of a crush, I never thought it would go anywhere. I know… how you are and you know how I am and… it was just nice to think about, I suppose. But that doesn’t mean!” Molly says with renewed vigor, “That I don’t want to see you, you know, happy and… just, happy, Sherlock.”
He crossed the finish line, swerving to a stop, even as he held up his hands. His heart was hammering in his ears; he felt positively on fire. Sherlock knew he’d done much better than his other run; it had been much smoother and it had
But no, that too seems like a lie. He’d need to work out how to reveal to John that he had, all along, been chatting as Guest. But perhaps tonight wasn’t the night; perhaps tonight could truly be about two people starting over, sharing a meal, getting to know one another.
Sherlock’s eyes are on John as he very carefully pours out an adequate amount of lubricant and slicks himself up; John gives a few torturous tugs, just for the show of it and then walks on his knees between the vee of Sherlock’s legs. Just the head of his prick, dragging against Sherlock’s hole, just the head of it, back and forth, back and forth.
John’s eyes lit with recognition and his head hung for a moment before he propped it back up. “Ah, the rumors?”
Lestrade glanced at him and Sherlock glanced back, and then they both looked up at the jumbotron where Jim Moriarty’s face loomed large and grinning for the crowd to cheer.
Sherlock nods, just once, chin to chest and back. His fingers drag the heavy glass across the floor, in the small void between his bent knees. “Years, John.”
And he carried it with him, all the while. Two years of living with memories of a ghost, with self-flagellation, with might-have-beens, dear-god-I-wish-had-beens, and he’d moved on as best he was able, right into another tsunami of danger, a danger whose claws wished to sink into him and tear him away from Sherlock.
“Alright.” John doesn’t know what to do with his hands, so he lifts them from his sides a bit and then lets them fall.
Lestrade had to head the reporters off at the pass so that Sherlock was able to make it off the course and away from the cameras. After shrugging efficiently and wordlessly out of his gear, he hurriedly boarded a tram back down to the Olympic Village alone, leaving John to return to the medic team to try to find out anything else he possibly could about Holsinger’s injury.
If Sherlock was unsure if John could hear his heart racing before, he was absolutely certain of it now; he could hear the blood rushing in his ears, feel every single one of his pores as his skin pricked with goosebumps and Sherlock wrapped his arms around John’s waist to keep him close, keep him
It’s frustrating, this stagnation, but he doesn’t know how to proceed, doesn’t know how to spur them forward. The words form in his mind, but he never seems able to speak them. The onus shouldn’t be on Sherlock alone, but John finds it very nearly incapacitating, the fear of speaking his love to the one person he cannot bear to lose. He’s never understood this, how he can be so free and open about dating, about sex, but how love absolutely terrifies him, even being aware of how Sherlock feels. Perhaps, John grants, it’s the idea of everything changing, the life they’ve so carefully built and rebuilt, destroyed and repaired, changing once again.
It feels so strange, to share this between them now. A thread of something they haven’t named, but something so obvious to the both of them, that’s it’s becoming too much to leave unspoken and unexplored.
Sherlock’s stomach flipped and he found that suddenly, his hands were quivering just a bit; he was outside of his body, looking back at himself. He shifted his shoulders and schooled his face into a mask of tranquility, or as close to it as he could manage. He was about to have an Olympic gold medal hanging around his neck, a moment his entire life had led up to. Swallowing thickly, he heard, in a calm, leveled female voice, “Ladies and gentleman, the gold medallist, Sherlock Holmes of Great Britain!”
“Ah, yes, wouldn’t want to break into your parents’, I assume, they’d know.” Sherlock perked up with his deduction, looking at John smugly. He realized an instant too late that that was possibly the wrong thing to do.
And there’s an email waiting for him. John feels almost as though he’s divined it through sheer will, though he knows he hasn’t. Still, the giddy little thrill that races through him feels no less justified than it had the first time he’d felt this way.
“God, it’s as if you’re on a loop!” Sherlock chuckles, patronizingly. “Your bearing, you’re in the army, or were, that much is obvious. The way you hold yourself, ramrod straight; your entire demeanor screams military. You’re used to giving people orders and having people follow them, so, a leadership position. Please, you’d have to be
Sherlock posed, aloof, and leaned back in order to better see his new seating companion. With broad shoulders and strong chin, he sat straight in the seat but seemed to be at comfort. He had stormy blue eyes and a voice that hinted at an ability to command, take charge.
Once John’s eyes adjust, he’s completely out of words. The walls are entirely glassy, most of them showing the wear of glass that has spent some time by the sea. “Is this-”
An “ah” gusts into his ear as Sherlock melts back into the bed. John files that away for later, too.
He waits and waits and six minutes and four seconds later, Molly emerges, a paper cup of coffee in her hand.
“Yeah,” John ran a hand through his short hair, from the base of his head to the front and then back again. “Yeah, I am.”
Sherlock huffs and flings himself over onto his back, left arm thrown carelessly above his head. “We’ve talked about this-”
.” Mycroft urged instead of demanded, and Sherlock was momentarily stunned into silence. “Sherlock?”
Sherlock watched his eyes shift, watched John bite at his lip and smear a bit of foam down the side of his glass. It was coming, the generic goodbye, the uncomfortable severing of eye contact.
Molly chuckled beside him, “They’re an extension of you, they do what you make them do; hardly inanimate.”
They spend their first evening reunited on the sitting room floor, Sherlock apologizing for his absence in profuse belly rubs and rawhide treats. By the time evening rolls around, Sherlock has taken Redbeard for two walks and one two mile run on which he encountered five individual women and one man who tried to pick him up by engaging him in conversation about Redbeard, and is entirely done with human interaction for the day.
“That is mathematically a fact, yes,” Sherlock says gruffly as he hauls John up the last step into the flat.
He sits back, feeling light but still dealing with shocks of anticipation in his belly; Sherlock contemplates tea, decides that would take too much work, remembers he has to walk Redbeard and then gets up and puts the kettle on anyway.
On impulse he glanced up to where the flags would indicate whether he was faster or slower than the rest of his field before he tore his eyes away to the empty grandstand. God, his legs felt like jelly, jelly that was somehow being consumed rapidly by fire.
“Yeah you did! Surprised with an ego like yours you’re having this much trouble accepting it. Sherlock Holmes won the fucking gold medal!” Greg shouted and gently lifted Sherlock’s arms up in the air in celebration. The crowd around them cheered once more. “Alright mate, you need to go speak with the press before you actually get that hunk of metal around your neck, think you can handle it?”
John went up on his tip toes and dropped a kiss on Sherlock’s cheek, snatching the bottle from his hand and disappearing into the kitchen to open it. Sherlock worked on building a fire while they let the wine breathe, while John puttered around the flat, glancing over this and that, making comments about the general oddness things. “Not that I don’t find it charming. It’s rather… eclectic.”
Sherlock was overcome with the desire to prove that to John now, using his own body, his cock and his mouth and his fingers. He wanted to translate what was residing in his heart and mind in a way that left no room for interpretation.
“May also have a broken rib, but…” His head fell forward and Sherlock sighed, the weight of the past few hours pressing in upon him. There was a hollowness that he felt in the pit of his gut; he carded his fingers through John’s hair, knowing that there were words that needed to be spoken. “John, I’d never intended, that is to say… it’s my fault this happened and had I known that Moriarty intended to target me I would never have allowed myself to become entangled with you and--”
Sherlock snuck from John’s room with a quick peek in either direction; it wouldn’t do to fuel the rumor mill.
Everything was silent, though there was a flurry of action all around him. To his immense relief, none of the skiers in the hut seemed keen to speak with him about what had happened. Though he had obviously been through a great ordeal as evidenced by his slight limp and liberal bruising, they gave him a wide berth as he prepared.
“Whatever you’re going to say… think on it and we’ll talk after we find out if I have internal bleeding, yeah?” It was a joke--a terrible one, but a joke still--and John cracked a smile at him.
The pair frowned and ignored him, instead making their way to the elevator and disappearing into a waiting car. Sherlock was so knackered that he didn’t even have the presence of mind to shout after them, instead managing only to remain behind with hands open and offered in incredulity, staring forlornly through the empty lobby area to where the clerks had just stood.
Molly begins showing him the process for intake and John is paying close attention. It’s quite different from intake on a living patient--this he knows--and he wants to learn it properly. They’re halfway through the procedure on notification of next of kin when the doors to the lab burst noisily open, hitting the wall before swinging closed.
The casual pounding of water on water lulls him for some time, before he perks up and turns, Sherlock behind him, two robes draped over his arm. They share a quiet smile; John feels his heart bursting. “Did you—”
The only way he’d be able to figure out anything would be to have a look at Moriarty’s equipment, and that was likely being kept under lock and key with one of his trainers, or possibly with Moran or in his room. Sherlock had picked locks before (and he was rather sure the security of the rooms here in Sochi wasn’t up to snuff) but how would he possibly
Greg’s eyes went wide but he ducked at the last moment, thrusting his right shoulder out and into the man’s gut and they both fell to the floor in a heap, scrabbling. Sherlock rolled his shoulders, managing to turn himself just the slightest bit towards the scuffle and saw Lestrade pull back, eyes wild and sink an elbow directly into Moran’s solar plexus.
There’s a brief beat of silence during which John feels so wrong-footed he imagines that he might actually fall over where he’s standing.
Just as he was in the athlete’s staging area removing his skis, he heard the crowd let out a collective gasp. Unable to see the large screen from where he was seated, he got up and rounded the bleachers. People had their heads in their heads, expressions ones of horror and disbelief.
John glances up just in time to see the sweet smile smooth away from Sherlock’s face. In a flash he’s thinking of the last time Sherlock had held Rosie, tossing her into the air as her screeching giggles filled the whole of 221B, catching her briefly before throwing her into the air once more. “Higher, Shar! Higher!” she squeaked and Sherlock, someone who vehemently denied having any sort of sentimental leanings, just rolled his eyes and indulged her.
“No, it’s quite alright. I don’t mind.” Sherlock heard himself saying the words as though from a distance, from under leagues and leagues of ocean, or like he was in vacuum. They sounded clunky and muffled and not at all what he wanted to say. “That is to say, that you’re watching my performance is… good.”
He’s not happy, he’s miles from normal, but when the coffee maker clicks off and he gets a waft of freshly brewed beans, he smiles and finds that he’s content for this very brief moment.
The next morning, there’s a bit of a spring in his step as he makes his way to Bart’s; he stops for a latte and lingers on the pavement finishing it before heading inside and down to the basement. He’s still caught up in the thoughts of a man with an Irish Setter curled up on his bed. It’s a perfectly barmy thought but he entertains it anyhow as he shoves through the swinging doors to the morgue.
Once they’re seated comfortably, Sherlock whips out his phone and addresses the very-obvious rhetorical question, because he can, because this is it, the beginning of a rapport. “It does help to be tall.”
It’s almost as though the floor of the sitting room is shifting, contorting, transferring them into another dimension, where this conversation is the only thing, the most important thing, happening in the world at the moment.
He didn’t glance back at his team or at any of the other skiers, his attention focused ahead, primed. He slid easily out of the hut. The air whipped him in the face; up there it was easily fifteen degrees colder than it was at the base of the mountain and the frigid temperature helped knock the last of the uncomfortable nerves from Sherlock’s stomach.
The blue slope markers blurred as he he cut left, getting a good jump on the gate, thwacking it with his pole as he immediately cut right and hit the next gate as well, coming off the tight curve with power and speed. There was a moment when he wobbled, tipping just outside of the blue markings in the snow, but he got it back, just as he propelled himself into another deadly sharp right turn.
He feels Sherlock sigh against him, every trace of tension melting away. John realizes that it may take some time for Sherlock to fully understand the varying intricacies of his own heart, and that it’s best not to overwhelm him, especially after an evening of laden with emotional revelations. “Now, unless you fancy getting glued together by all of this spunk, I suggest we wash up.”
They should be moving towards something, making some sort of notable progress, but in the wake of Mary’s death and the whirlwind of raising a toddler, it’s been difficult. He’s not immune to the way Sherlock looks at him, has always looked at him, staring with longing eyes.  Whereas before, he’d divert his eyes and pass it off as nothing, but now when John catches him, Sherlock doesn’t hide it, doesn’t try to look away, his emotions flitting across his face, tempting and reckless.
It wasn’t long before John’s whole body seized, and with a stutter of his hips, he came in spurts all over his belly and Sherlock’s hand. Sherlock worked him through it, mouth panting hot breath against John’s face as he groaned and spent himself, right arm sliding and gently flailing against Sherlock’s torso as he did so.
Sherlock had only just set the tricep machine at it’s proper resistance when his attention was stolen away. He saw him from across the room, could place him just from the back of his head; for a moment, Sherlock admired the way his hair grew to a little point on the nape of his neck, before tearing his eyes away. He was in the middle of a workout, damn it. He needed to
She goes to right her ponytail, realizes that she still has her gloves on and sighs. “John? No. He was in at half six this morning working through the backlog so I made him leave early.” Molly pulls off the latex covering her hands with the precision of someone who is incredibly used to performing a task. “Hard worker, that one. Bless Mike for sending him along, really.”
John doesn’t know what to do with that, so he just flicks on the kettle and goes about making a full pot of tea.
him. The harsh expletive that he was about to utter died on his tongue when he blinked his eyes open and noticed the offender.
John’s palms reach around to lie flat against Sherlock’s pectorals and hold him up for a few more moments, even as his body wants to sag forward. John kisses him messily, across his neck, back and shoulders and then pats at his hip. Sherlock tips forward and pools onto the mattress, his torso narrowly avoiding the mess he’s made earlier. A familiar tickle along his thighs reminds him that there will be a wet spot where he’s lying, as a bit of John’s come manages to slip out.
He comes to some time later, as he hears the shower turn on. All of the lamps in the room are out, but the buttery light peeking through the partially-closed bathroom door catches Sherlock’s frame, throwing him into chiaroscuro.
Mycroft cleared his throat. “Mother and father are… they’re coming to the city and we’re to watch the coverage together.”
him first.” She pulls a few notes from her purse and leaves them on the table. “Speaking of, let’s get you back to Baker Street. Don’t want you to be late.”
He made his way around the backs of the buildings, not wanting anyone to recognize and stop him for a chat or an autograph; he had limited time on his hands. It took him a short while and a few tight alleyways to reach the small, hurriedly-built villa that Moriarty had rented. It was no secret where he was staying as he’d been doing interviews from the location for a few days now.
, his brother’s voice rings between his ears, and Sherlock tears at his hair to rid himself of the offensive drawl.
John pressed his lips together and let the silence linger for awhile longer before he nudged Sherlock’s elbow with his own. “What you did with me on the plane. Do it to them.”
John rolls his eyes, opens the refrigerator, and grabs a beer that is housed directly next to a properly-sealed canister of what Sherlock had assured John was pig semen. He doesn’t care a whit—what has his life become?
But Sherlock fell asleep the moment he returned to the empty room and John was still conked out the next morning when he’d woken at six to begin his day. They’d only managed a short workout session together since the scheduled activities has begun. It had been a week since Sherlock had managed to wrap his lips around John’s cock and he finds that unacceptable.
“Word is it’s rough, though,” she said, biting her lip. “Sure your old bones can handle this?” It was said with a grin, but he knew her concern was very real. Molly, a seasoned skier herself until an ACL injury had done away with her career, had seen what the sport could do to a body.
“Oh Mike!” Molly says in delight, balancing a stack of files precariously in the crook of her arm as she exits the office. “Hi!”
John licked his lips and Sherlock’s eyes openly followed the trail of his tongue. “The rumors. Are they… true?”
Sherlock Holmes wanted John forever, wanted him properly, domestically and romantically. Sherlock swallowed against the shock of the realization and briefly considered whether it was too soon to voice such a desire, especially given the circumstances.
His workout left him feeling refreshed and invigorated, the endorphins coursing through him pleasantly. He didn’t see John after he’d showered and couldn’t find him in the gym as he was headed out; so he assumed John had returned to the hotel. Sherlock followed suit, taking his time to walk across the plaza and further decompress. He was stopped a few times by fans and it shocked him to note how receptive he was to their admiration - instead of his casually cool demeanor, he found himself asking the names of the people he was signing for. He smiled in a few photographs and even gave the thumbs up in one when asked by a young boy.
It was an obvious statement, meant to intimidate, and although Sherlock realized that as fact, the words still sent a shiver of fright racing down his spine. To his right, John turned his head and spit out another wad of blood, surging forward against his bonds fruitlessly, grunting all the while. His words spilled out of him in hot little bursts, “You son of a bitch, you’re not going to get away with this.”
Sherlock’s face goes blank and then he barks a laugh, smothers another into John’s neck before pressing a hard, wet kiss there and pulling away. Together, with clumsy hands, John is worked out of his clothing.
“Greg,” John tried, patiently. “We’re working with limited time here. Are you going to help us or do we need to mobilize on an entirely new plan?”
“Fine,” John sounds, digests it. “I suppose that’s quite a bit better than terrible, so. I’ll… see you around?”
Molly smiled sweetly at him and grabbed at his elbow. “Come in, get a pint. Greg’s here… somewhere.”
He perused the information carefully, jumping from site to site, lead to lead until he stumbled across something that made him pause and reread. Hanzu’s coach trained his athletes out of the same city as Moriarty; the odds were great that - as elite level skiers - they practiced on the same mountains as well. Sherlock himself happened to train alongside many elite athletes himself, no matter how hard he tried to avoid such situations.
The way Sherlock lights up, his whole body opening to accept John in his arms, is perhaps one of the very best things John has ever seen. “Take a bath with me.”
said he was skiing without reservation. He didn’t know rightly to what to attribute it, but it was undeniable that Sherlock was more
John releases a sigh, sits up and goes to fold the paper, startling when he finds Sherlock Holmes seated at the table just across from him. “John Watson, I knew it was you from the shoes. Well, and the way you’ve placed your cup and saucer just so. Are you hiding from me?”
“Alright, you arse, what I’m saying is if they catch you with anyone else’s equipment you’re going to be tossed. And it’s your last Olympics. Is that something you’re willing to risk?”
“Well,” John said, a little breathless, with a half smile tipping his mouth. “I don’t want to sound too eager but… oh god, yes.”
His fingers rest against the lip of his laptop and he feels suddenly, startlingly at ease, as though sharing his exact thoughts with John had alleviated some before-unknown part of him.
Sherlock works a bit more with the tongues once he returns to Baker Street, but after an hour and a half of fidgeting with his microscope he feels restless and bored; it’s only half noon and he doesn’t have anything on for the remainder of the day, which is unacceptable. He putters about the flat, but It’s an hour before he finds himself at New Scotland Yard, gaining entry to the building with the pilfered ID card of one Detective Inspector Gregory Lestrade.
