“One, nobody’s bricking anyone in anywhere until movie night is over,” came Nat’s voice through the comms, the faint roar of a motorcycle just audible under her words, “Two, don’t you ever read any of the books the Maria Stark Foundation donates?”
“As long as you keep trying to take care of yourself.” Tony looked like he was about to object but Steve raised his hand and said, “I know you won’t exactly be following the food pyramid or a human circadian rhythm. I’m at peace with that. But if it starts to really detract from your health, if you stop doing anything to take care of yourself and pour everything into your work, if you start cutting years off your life expectancy and we’ve talked about it and negotiated and you won’t change, then this relationship isn’t going to last.”
You heard it here - Captain America thinks Christopher Columbus is garbage, and so should you.
"Gogglor, I think Thor Odinson is a little more complicated than an over-grown golden retriever" fair cop, but he is also a little bit of an overgrown golden retriever, at least in my heart.
Yep, there it was. Tony sighed and sat up to face Steve.
Everyone groaned, Tony the loudest.
“I think I need to wash my eyeballs with bleach,” sad Stove grumpyly bcuz he had a crush on me “And maybe some holy water.”
, Steve would never get tired of that sensation.
“If Hammer were interested in money, he would’ve included a number. It’s gonna be the armor or nothing for him. Anyway, I told Sandra to tell him I’ll have an answer for him after the holidays, but we need a plan on how to respond to this.”
ENCHANTRESS
PEGGY
CUT TO:
“Pepper, wait— don’t call the jet. Because... I know how to fix this,” lied Tony.
“The center floor,” says Natasha.
Steve chuckled, then added, “I also don’t pick stupid fights with you anymore. And I think that’s my favorite improvement of all.”
“Please, this’ll just take a second,” José said as calmly as he could.
“If you’re referring to the combination—”
You feel something hit you on the back of your head. You turn around and see your three fight-friends, spread out. Any of them could have thrown the book that hit the back of your head, and you are
, Tony,” said Bruce as he slammed the microwave shut on something in a takeout container. And when that clearly didn’t put either of them at ease, Bruce took a breath and put on a smile and said, “Look, see? I’m fine. Just tired.”
And Steve hadn’t considered that.
CUT TO:
Tony knew he couldn’t personally lift himself up in the 600 pounds of dead hardware he was carrying, but he was about to try again anyway when he felt his arm being pulled back as strong hands turned him face-up.
“Got it in one, doc,” said Tony as he hopped down off the medical table. “Now, if you’ll excuse me—”
routes to the vault are protected by security guard-supervised keycard entry at all entrances and exits to the building, all of which is also StarkTech. If I spent a few months poring over the code, I
,” said Tony.
“I am
“I can’t believe we missed it,” Steve chuckled.
Take the shot.
Seconds later she was flying into all their faces, crying,
“Next time we spar, I’m kicking your ass, Hawkeye,” muttered Natasha.
target.”
A Seuss-ified version of Avengers tower, but in purple. There's a target on one side with arrows sticking out, a disco ball, and a bird cage dangling from the roof.
THOR runs his hands over the bulletin board, giving a clear shot of IVAN’s wanted poster before it falls to the ground after coming loose under THOR’s hands. He eventually gets to AMORA’s poster, and he stops, shame immediately clouding his face again.
; most of those people weren't activists. They were regular Americans showing the best side of themselves when it mattered the most. Remember after the Chitauri attack on New York, how many people lined up for hours just to give blood? How many people
“You know, before the night’s over, you and I really should talk about coordinating an event in New York City. Either a fundraiser for some of the bigwigs here, or maybe something for the guys in the shelter,” said holo-Jade
I think they mean you and me, Steve. We never really did talk about what happened on Nat’s floor.
Just seeing “fine” in a comment format makes me think you’re not fine, Tony.
“Does it have to be me?”
The whole table snorts a little at that, Tony the loudest.
Clint shrugged, and said aloud, “If you’re comfortable here, I’m comfortable having you here.” Then he turned to Tony and said, “Do you mind if I talk to Steve for a second?”
kind of asshole,” said Tony.
Really?
“I’ve asked, they said they won’t sell it outside the restaurant. And I offered them more money than half the cars in my garage cost. Combined.”
If you’re going to psychoanalyze my actions, do it properly. Who’d I take with me to the house of my lovers, Tony?
...Mine safety is so precarious. I certainly hope you designed the elevators in your tower to be dynamite-proof, Mr. Stark.
“Ok, look. I don’t have my wallet.
“Mr. Hammer, I need to speak with you!”
Steve said nothing, and Tony could never abide a silence.
“Yeah. Lay it on me,” said Pepper.
“Fine, have it your way,” said Tony with a dismissive wave as he turned to walk away. But Steve was in front of him in under a second. Damn that serum.
And for the second time, Tony felt like he’d been slapped, because that wasn’t how this was supposed to work either. Tony was being the turd in the punch bowl here, bringing his issues into a fun night out. But there was Steve, making this all sound like he was being insecure or whatever, which— why was he telling Tony that? Anything personal Tony knew about Steve was stuff Tony had pressed out of him, because Tony was fundamentally an asshole. But he hadn’t pressed this time. Was this
(See the end of the chapter for
got to get the wheel rolling--”
“Where’s this mother-henning coming from? Have you been talking to Steve?” Tony asked.
“Is something wrong?” asked Steve.
So that night, when Tony crashed on the couch in his lab at 4 AM wondering how the hell he’d managed yet again to start a fight with Steve, Tony set about adding that conversation to every other one he’d ever had with Steve to try and find something he could use to fix this. Because if there was one thing Tony was constitutionally incapable of, it was leaving things un-fixed.
“You don’t have to wait for your queer card to come in the mail, sugar. If you’re dreaming it, you’re already being it,” said Frank. Then she winked, got up, and walked away.
(See the end of the chapter for
what you meant to do, Tony, I care what you
They walked over to the window to look over the square. Two minutes left of 2014, and
“Tony, if the feelings really weren’t there, I
“It looks to me like you got everything you wanted to get,” said Sandra as she plugged the camera into her laptop to upload the video. While she waited she added, “Sir—”
“If you’re going to puke, try not to get it on my Jimmy Choos,” said Tony.
“I can’t hear you through the pillow Tony,” said Pepper.
In the end, Steve didn’t need to worry. The picker skipped right over him and called up Clint instead. Then when Steve got to watch Clint fake the most dramatic, ridiculous orgasm in the history of faked orgasms, all he could do was laugh. Half of it was because Clint was hilarious, and the other half was slightly hysterical relief, because Steve was pretty sure if he’d had to do the same thing he would’ve burst into flames.
“Marsha, thanks for staying to chat, but I can take it from here. Good morning, General. Let’s talk MREs.”
Ahhh, my knee cap!
“We should’ve worn SEPs,” said Steve.
“Tony, are you ok?” asked Steve, concern bleeding into his voice again.
make Tony’s heart swell. “He would very much prefer to have his shield, though.”
Steve was confused.
“Right. Apart from that hypothetical… it sounds like we’re on the same page.”
At the very least, Pepper had been right about being a much better matchmaker for Steve than Tony had been. Colleen, his date, was a scientist at CERN, and she was whip smart and funny, had gorgeous dark brown hair and eyes and a thousand interesting things to say about her work in particle physics. Doug, on the other hand, was
“Nothing,” said Bruce. “Hey Thor, remind us all to pick up more chocolate crinkle cookies when we revisit your floor.”
CLINT fires.
“Yeah, I can get behind that,” says Bruce.
“You don’t know, do you?” said Steve.
Tony chuckled and said, “More like Heisenberg’s. I know where the relationship is, but not where it’s going or how fast.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Give us a minute, Helen,” said Steve, and the second she was out the door Steve had crossed the room, and he had Tony’s face in his hands and desperation in his eyes.
And the way Steve’s face just
Now that Tony was facing Pepper directly, he got a good look at her for the first time that day. On top of being angry, she was stressed out. Anxious. Clearly a lot was riding on this deal, and she needed him to come through here.
“Jarvis, I don’t care if it’s a giant foam cowboy hat, I am not leaving the lab like this. Send it down.”
Steve rolled his eyes and continued stroking Tony’s shoulder.
Steve started and said, “Pepper?”
Luchador’s commitment to that mask.
“What’s Clint gonna do?” said Tony excitedly.
“Could you say something, please?” said Steve. “It’s really weird when you don’t talk.”
Nothing in the room, as far as he could see it, had been touched.
And that's the end! Thank you all for reading and for the very kind comments. And to the folks looking for things to do in NYC in the after times - Tony's list is also full of excellent suggestions.
Nothing except the fact she’d apparently been standing directly over a manhole cover the entire fucking time.
. I have to listen to every idiot with a business degree tell me how their dating app for hamsters is gonna change the world if only they could find an angel investor.”
“That’s… not even close,” said Tony, “Steve, you just met an accomplished social engineer.”
“I’ll take anything that lets us rule out the horror floor as the gospel truth,” says Clint with a shudder.
and you’re not comfortable with it, you’re allowed to say ‘no.’”
“Remember how I said Hammer uses StarkTech on the things that matter?” said Tony with a grin. “Well, lucky us, he doesn’t seem to think backup power is something that matters. Which
bled into talking about paintings again and then a hundred other things. If it were anyone else sitting next to him, Tony would have spent the entire time worrying he was bulldozing them with word vomit and spent the rest of the week kicking himself for turning into Howard the second he got an inch of conversational purchase. But it wasn’t anyone else; it was Steve. It was like Tony had spent his life pouring himself through a hundred filters to present a facsimile of a functional human being to the world. And here, with Steve, he could just… be.
Fifteen minutes of explanation later, Thor had turned his face to the wall to hide his deep sense of shame.
Check the tacks on the bulletin board, Thor. If it’s not there, we’ll only have the drunk left to search...
“What is it, Bruce?” said Tony, breaking his gaze and removing his hand.
“Hey, he was the one checking me out, I was just there to double-fist some eggnog.”
your little
“What? No, Doug was fine,” said Tony as he sat down in one of the seats facing the field.
“I knew Howard Stark. He was a great man who served his country with distinction. You are
“Who’s the main character here?” asked Bruce.
That got Steve’s attention. He turned back around and faced Tony. Well, faced Tony’s back - he hadn’t stopped soldering this whole time.
“Don’t make me beat you up again.”
“No, honey, no,” said Steve as he kissed Tony’s temple. “You’ve got nothing to be sorry for.”
“There he is. There’s Steve. I’ve missed you,” said Tony.
a better name than 'Iron Man'.”
Tony got a puzzled look on his face, and the next second he was absolutely roaring with laughter.
"We've made a mistake," said the one who's called Nat, "We'll never find Clint under sofa or mat. Our Clint is a friend who enjoys being high. We need to search higher, clear up to the sky!"
“Enough,” said Steve.
“WHAT IS ON UR BACK!!1!” I creamed.
“Hold the bag for me?” said Natasha.
“What’d you think?” said Steve.
YouKnowWhoIAm
“Like you’ve never hulked out in your suite before,” says Tony as he pushes aside some papers and takes a seat on your desk. Then he opens his mouth as if to say something, stops, and says, “Steve, you’re driving. You’ve got to pick.”
“Yeah, but then I soothe their egos with my witticisms and raw sexual energy,” said Tony.
“I thought that was the point,” said Steve.
High and mighty
“‘Is eating five dozen eggs the secret to being roughly the size of a barge?’” said Tony, who had long since finished peeling the last potato but was still carving away at the one in his hand because he could
“Thor, if Enchantress is your enemy, why do you keep having her over for dinner?” my friend Natasha asked me, although I can’t imagine the reason. Why in Odin’s name shouldn’t one have people over for dinner? Is that not the entire point? Of everything??? And at the end of the day, her critiques always push me to make better and better recipes for this blog!
“Hey, when they make a pride flag for that, it’s going right next to this one,” said Tony, pointing to his bi pride pin.
“Don’t be stupid, you’ve got a crush,” said Tony quickly.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony snorted and said, “With who, a therapist?”
“Tony, I’m going to touch your shoulder,” said Steve. They stopped walking, and Tony didn’t shrug him off or make a quip. So Steve gently pulled him in for an embrace.
Page ten text:
“Just call the goddamn car, Tony!” Steve said a little too loudly.
STOP WRITING
“She knows her stuff,” said Natasha appreciatively.
Steve tried not to look as crushed as he felt. Apparently he failed, because Bruce took off his latex gloves and safety glasses and came over toward Steve.
was a mantra of Steve’s both before and after the ice), and Steve fended off holograms while Tony either watched or worked in the background, both of them absolutely comfortable just being in the same space together.
How much are we betting today?
“Thor, why is the artifact in the tower instead of, say, on the moon, or anywhere so far away we can’t reach it?” asks Tony.
“Whoever’s puppeting me is a lefty, all left hooks and left kicks. But she’s got a watch on her left wrist, which means—”
“Why the hell didn’t I insist on a camera on Clint’s comm unit,” Tony muttered over comm.
Chapter 1
Now that he’d said what he came here to say, Steve felt his bravery start to wane. “Of course,” he said, putting his hands in his pockets and stepping back a bit. “I know this is a lot to put on you. And I don’t want to move faster than what you’re comfortable with.”
“Collector’s medallions? Yeah, we were,” said Nat.
Clint,” said Steve angrily.
[CONTINUED]
But before Tony could even stand up, his hat was no longer on his head. Tony whipped around and watched Natasha read the wording on the front, as though that had been her intention. When she heard Clint laughing, she looked up, saw Tony’s hair, and her lips twitched.
“Depends. Can you protect my family? Not just from him; I’m guessing you know how chummy he is with the Sokovian mafia.”
“Pepper,” Tony confirmed.
“Mr. Hammer, I promise you if you don’t hand over the scepter, you
“Good point. Any fire hoses in here?”
There was a pause, then Tony said, “JARVIS, start the coffee pot.”
,” said Tony as he started to lock down the cabinets in the food truck. “If I never see another acai berry again, it’ll be too soon.”
don’t deserve that meat tenderizer in your hand.”
“No, please, Cap, I just need a minute.”
No saw dust this time, scout’s honor ;)
“Steve, you have to believe me. There is no universe where he hands the scepter over willingly,” said Tony.
“Can it wait until after this song?” asked Thor. “Jane has requested I send her a video of myself performing a ballad called
Bruce gave a pointed cough.
“Something wrong with where we’re living now?” asked Steve.
“Yeah.”
“Ok, Steve,” said Tony sadly, because he was already bone-tired of this conversation. “But I need to start making phone calls now.”
“Hey,” said Tony.
All of Steve’s biographers took one look at that jawline and decided he could get it.
“Don’t— just— get me to the elevator,” said Steve.
“The whole
NATASHA smirks then walks away. A moment later she examines what she picked out of GALAGA GUY’s pockets: a quarter, a comb, and a hard candy. She sighs and puts them in her purse, then walks over toward the poker table.
Holy shit this dude is hot. Also, we know they were friends and it wouldn’t be the first time friendship became something else.
“You weren’t listening before,” said Tony. “The scepter’s not the only thing you keep in a vault. Or, should I say,
“If you don’t get sick of me then one day, we’re going to have the future talk. But right now, I want to stay where we are. The sword of Damocles might be dangling over my head but I don’t want to look up and check just yet.”
What? Tony, those aren’t the real Bucky and Peggy. Why would I go talk to them?
“Excuse me, sir,” said Steve with his
Tony kept walking. There could’ve been hailstones the size of cars and he would’ve kept walking. He was
Steve chuckled and put his hand up next to Tony’s face.
Fuck. Tony did some quick mental calculus on whether it was better to have this meeting with half of his head bald or a baseball cap that said ‘Ask me about my fuck machines’. Luckily he didn’t need to make that call; a second later, the elevator doors opened and there was Steve, carrying a bag of groceries in each arm and wearing a Dodgers baseball hat. And Steve was always a sight for sore eyes but today, Tony almost gave into several years of pent-up sexual frustration and kissed him out of sheer relief.
steve_rogers
“If you had to sneak something into Avengers tower, would you do it under the noses of the trained spies?” asks Clint. “Maybe it’s just my ego showing here, but I think Nat and I are probably the least likely to have something snuck into our pockets and the most likely to notice if something shows up on our floor that isn’t supposed to be there.”
“Say it.”
“How many girls have you liked, sweetheart?” said Frank.
Tickets to Shakespeare in the Park are free, but usually require getting to Central Park around 5 AM and getting comfortable waiting in line for tickets handed out at noon. Still highly recommend it - bring a blanket and a picnic basket and some sun screen and a good book (or fanfiction) and make a day of it.
“Don’t you?” said Tony.
“Yeah, but you’re so much more than that. You’re Steve Rogers. You like to draw with charcoal pencils, and you’re fluent in sign language, and you think the jedi don’t use the force to its full tactical potential, and your accent comes out when you say ‘chocolate,’ and… um…”
“We need to get going,” said Steve hastily. “Strange said not to spend too much time, and if we’re making a clothes stop we’re already—”
“Because I thought he’d hate it!” said Tony quickly.
Panache: 8
Don’t forget the bank if it’s a heist movie.
“Well. You said that Steve and I should spend time together,” said Tony, desperately trying to stall.
?” asked Steve.
...You’ll sew those back on later.
so they could buy the cheapest seats at Ebbets Field, and it had been a memory he’d cherish for the rest of his life. And now, all these years later, here he was at Citifield in his Dodgers gear, getting ready to do it all again with his new favorite person in the world.
steve_rogers
“I don’t know why this is on the list, actually,” said Steve. “The Cloisters opened in ‘38. When I was in art school we took a trip up here to draw some of the reliquaries.”
“The doors will unlock automatically in three hours,” said Pepper. “And Nat and Clint have already thought of every escape route you’re thinking of, Tony, so don’t bother.”
. We keep coming up with more and more ridiculous words for our genitals and what we do with them because the fact they just hang out in our pants all the time and make us do stupid things, is
“Only if you’re pulling him, I’m not going to do it,” said Steve.
“You could just tell them, you know,” Steve heard over his shoulder.
I’m sorry, WHAT!?
“You’re turning green.”
“Hey, if we’re having a sharing kind of night, can I ask you something?” said Tony.
“Man, I thought
When the camera
“Chatter,” muttered Steve as he smiled at the next customer and took an order for a wild berry smoothie.
I love you, you asshole, and I will do whatever the fuck it takes to prove it to your stupid, pig-headed self,” said Steve angrily. Then he turned his head upward and said, “JARVIS, is there a test to type a person’s Hanahaki disease, and would they have it in medical?”
I’m sorry, I don’t understand. Try to be more specific.
“Yeah, but Clint uses English to communicate with us, and he’s not here,” said Steve.
Both Tony and Steve looked over at Bruce. There was silence for a bit, and then Bruce’s posture said “Fuck it,” and the next thing out of his mouth was, “Tony, why are you doing this to Steve? And Steve, why are you doing this to yourself?”
started blasting from the speakers. And Clint started howling with laughter.
“Fucking
“Even the
“Before I came here, Strange showed me an example of an artifact,” you say. “It was a book with a person trapped inside its story. Strange said he thought something similar is trapping us here in the tower. But… there’s a natural connection between a book and a story, right?”
“I don’t think it’s on my floor or Natasha’s,” says Clint.
to tell her anything at all, Captain Rogers,” said the woman who’d asked Clint to sign her breasts a second ago, running her tongue over her top teeth.
Number fifteen appeared in fluorescent ink, and said, “Have sex with your hot new fiance.”
The WHOREHOUSE is well-kept and clearly used to be busy, but has dwindled with the rest of the town. STEVE and TONY walk toward it, looking uncomfortable and excited respectively.
PEGGY
mjölnir.”
know coffee by smell.
“More like… like
Tony held his breath and prayed.
They sat in tense silence for a moment or two, before Tony said, “If you think you’re going to wait me out for an apology, you’ve got another think coming.”
with you.”
Also, CW for some of the shittier pieces of American history, including the eugenics movement, Jim Crow, and all-American nazis.
“I’ve had that talk running through my head all day,” grumbled Steve. “And in the end my grand seduction was undone by some damn chap stick.”
“And that’s pretty much it. Have fun talking about your feelings, boys!” said Pepper.
Tony looks ready to blow his top, but then Steve says, “Hey Bruce, why don’t we go down to the gym and spar?”
Then Tony started pulling on his collar for the five hundredth time that night and said, “How did you not choke to death in this thing?”
STEVE
(takes advantage of TONY’s stunned, sputtering apoplexy to look around)
YouKnowWhoIAm
“I think we can make another educated guess that it’s probably not… there,” you say.
Tony was quiet for a while, and when Steve looked over he could see he was back in that uncomfortable space in his head where he’d been earlier tonight when Steve had told him suck it up and enjoy the slam poetry.
“Get back inside, idiot, this is what buildings are
“Alright,” said Steve.
“Alright, I’ve got to admit: It’s a good plan, and I’m impressed,” said Steve.
How many are left?
that meant keeping up his goddamn act.
NATASHA
“Except that Captain America would hate my guts,” said Tony, dully.
“You deserved a lot more than that,” said Bruce. “I could’ve
“I cannot begin to express how much I resent having to get involved in this,” said Director Fury, and Tony felt relief wash through him (
want to deal with them today. Maybe a proper Avenger like Steve would’ve used this opportunity to try and lure them out, but Tony was being held together by chewing gum and a fuck-you attitude at the moment, and he simply did not have it in him. He wanted to drink, scream, cry, eat, sleep, and have a complete mental breakdown. As soon as he got out of this damn sewer, he was going to do one of them, and it was a spin of the wheel for which one.
WHO IS SHE?
But all of that was before they’d started looking at the actual art, because Tony was incapable of paying attention to anything longer than a fraction of a second unless it was a machine or a math problem, and the Guggenheim was short on both. They’d managed a peaceable equilibrium of Tony mostly playing with his phone while Steve appreciated the art, right up until Steve had sat down and broken out his drawing pencils.
(?????)
CatNat
,” said Tony, “Because if there’s some kind of buffer between me and Steve as we spend time together that could be enough to stop us sniping at each other! Pepper, I’m sending you on a cruise.”
“Yes!” said Thor. “Don’t worry, Steve, you can use mine.”
“There is no number fifteen,” said Steve.
Me, Steve, you, Thor with his hammer. Why?
“Magical artifacts are often immune to their own effects. Suppose, for example, the artifact is an enchanted chalice. If there were a floor of the tower entirely comprised of swords, it is unlikely it would be able to change into a sword to disguise itself.”
STEVE
By degrees, the “suit” finally opened like a clam shell, and Tony got out.
“Well, I don’t know about
“Only for now,” agreed Steve, “Anything else?”
FADE TO GREEN
“Oh, ok. At least tell me what we got him as a gift so I’m not surprised when I see it,” says Bruce.
The next couple of chapters are intentionally riddled with typos. I know that's a real barrier for dyslexic and screen-reader using readers, so I'll be posting a link up here in the chapter notes for a typo-free version if you need one.
“Sorry, Steve finished the last of it,” said Tony, then he added, “Hey, which of us has the better costume this year?”
She changed the setting? How did she know?
“It’s good though. Seeing the— the home I’ve built with you. All of you, that is.”
“It makes it easier to connect to the 21st century, Tony. I’d call that an improvement,” said Steve. “And I don’t spend all my time working anymore, now I’ve got something else to do.”
, it would be
“Second’s over,” said Tony, as he reached behind Steve’s neck and pulled him in for another kiss.
“Uh, yeah,” said Bruce. “Yeah, that’s um… ok.”
(beat)
“Can you sign my tits?” said a woman in a button down that looked ready to pop.
CUT TO:
“Speed read of
Tony barked out a laugh and said, “Wish I could’ve met her."
“We’re not quantifying, Tony. Right now, it’s not a problem. I think this is something we’re probably going to have to keep negotiating and revisiting as long as we love each other. But I’m in if you are.”
“You know if you ever want company you can just ask.”
“Not every weird thing coming out of a speaker is dubstep, Steve,” said Tony with a shake of his head and fondness in his voice. “Also, aren’t you supposed to have super-hearing? I’m surprised you don’t recognize it.”
“Tony, I will say this as many times as you need to hear it. You are nothing like your dad.”
CUT TO:
,” said Alexis, just before she dashed off, grumbling about reception in the lab.
“What the hell are you doing, Frank?” hissed the guard behind Tony.
“We do? Ow! Ah, yeah. We do,” said the blonde prep sadly.
“I mean, it isn’t Cherokee either. But I only spoke Irish until I went to school. Immigrant parents, remember?”
Tony licked his lips and said, “Remember what we talked about last therapy session? About how even if we’re scared what the other person thinks, we should talk about what we’re feeling anyway?”
“It’s not,” said Steve. “You were right, I did want to melt into the seat. If you didn’t intervene, Colleen was probably gonna be ticked off with me anyway for not going along with that.”
“I won’t take it personally then,” said Bruce. Then he turned to the group and said, “Sounds like there’s nothing to do but keep collecting Avengers. Onward and upward?”
“Tony—”
“Yes, you idiot, of course I’ll marry you. Now get back up here so we don’t miss the count down
Where’s the Hulk?
“Oh my God, Tony, your bots are in love!” said Clint, pressing his hands to his face as a broad grin spread from ear to ear.
Tony almost peeled his thumb instead of the potato, but managed to sound nonchalant when he said, “That doesn’t sound right.”
This movie should’ve been about how purity culture is killing us, not about “psychos”.
“There’s no such thing as coincidences, Enrique,” said Hammer as he pulled out his cellphone. “And I’m about to prove it. Gina?”
Your last thought before you step into the elevator is
“Broken bones don’t kill,” said Natasha as she kicked Tony squarely in the gut with enough force to knock him a few feet back towards the tree.
“Most chap stick has lanolin in it, Steve,” said Tony, and even though his lips were uncomfortably hot at the moment, he couldn’t help tugging them into a smirk.
“Just a little more time,” Sandra muttered to herself as she got in the front seat.
“No!” shouted Bruce from where he was crouched on the floor. “Wait!”
“But Strange said this magic is also unprecedented, right? He may not know. And what’s rule number one of espionage?”
You’ll sew them yourself, Ivan.
This recipe needs work. I substituted all of the ingredients for ground beef and taco seasoning mix, and instead of rolling the end result in powdered sugar and putting it in the oven, I cooked it over the stove top and served it in a tortilla. It tasted nothing like chocolate cookies!
“Right.”
This’d be much easier with my bow, buuuuut...
Tony wasn’t sure if he was pissed off at that news, relieved to escape the kitchen, or terrified at the deadly tone of Pepper’s voice.
“Ok. What about you? What do you want to do with the rest of your life?”
Tony tried not to dwell on the twinge of disappointment that he wouldn’t be carrying Steve to the fight. Because being so desperate for bodily contact with someone that you’d take being their courier service was pathetic, and very much not on brand for Tony Stark.
“I do like Captain Rogers more than I like you, sir,” said JARVIS.
But the poem that really got to Steve was the last one of the night, called “Homelight.” The poet found a way to combine the signs for “home” and “light” and “inspire” and “happy” to encapsulate this feeling of joy and wholeness he felt when he was going home. And suddenly Steve’s throat was tight and his vision was blurry and he really wished he was… somewhere else. He didn’t know where. And that made it a thousand times worse.
Who doesn’t love a good machete?
“Shop later. Sex now,” said Steve between kisses.
“How are we quantifying—”
My Darling U,
Feeling them up? I was checking their buttons and pockets and earrings to see if they were the artifact.
“Since always? Back in Brooklyn the couple that lived next door was completely Deaf, and they babysat me whenever ma worked late. And I sort of… picked it up. It helped that I was motivated, since I was already deaf in one ear from a bad case of the mumps, and the doctor said the other ear could go with the next fever. Anyway, my ASL’s pretty dated, but the semantics are roughly the same.”
Wound him for me, Clint?
“If we include the roof, the containment floor is in the center, but I don’t think that necessarily means it’s definitely there,” Tony continues, as he starts drawing concentric circles starting from the containment floor and working outwards. “We already know this artifact packs a kick, so it could hypothetically be anywhere.
10. INT. SALOON - DAY
“J, could you replay what just happened with a Steve hologram mimicking what Steve just did?”
Me: *Kisses. Then mebbe we mak out LOL HES SO HAWTTT!! NEway, stop flaming or I wil cut u! Fangs for da liekz, u goffs wo r reading u da bomb.com!!!)
In lieu of answering, Steve said, “Where’s everyone else?”
“Oh really?” you say as you finish your sandwich and stand up. “And that off-by-one error I found in your chest repulsor code was—”
Page nine text
“What the hell is that supposed to mean?”
“The whole plan as you’ve laid it out for me is hinging on this. You’re sure it’ll work?” said Steve.
“Alright, Tony.”
“I’ve felt this way long before the spell, Tony,” said Steve as he reached up to caress Tony’s cheek. Tony still wasn’t making eye contact with him.
“Oh no a few days without sex, whatever will I do?” Steve joked.
Thank you. I know he’s no match for you, but watch him anyway. If he’s anything like the real Harold, he’ll go from happy to vicious at the drop of a hat. He might try something stupid.
It was also armed to the damn teeth with a gun Natasha couldn’t identify in the dark, but knew meant business.
“Stop, Steve,” said Tony irritably, pressing gently back against Steve’s chest. “Just stop. What you
“Where is he keeping the scepter?” asked Natasha.
And that got Steve to laugh. “You did
thorough,” said Nat.
about?”
José sighed and put his gun on the table.
Where I come from, we say the same thing about men grabbing women’s wrists, Mr...
PHILLIPS
awful,” said Steve.
Steve clearly had something he wanted to say on the tip of his tongue but Tony could feel him pause, reconsider, and then say, “I’m not angry with you. Not at all. And this isn’t an obligation, Tony. You’re my friend. Friends tell each other about their day, and I genuinely want to hear about yours.”
Sounds like a plan.
“Tow it, I’ve got three more,” said Tony as he straightened his tie and practically skipped up the steps of the building in his haste.
Tony needed to stall.
“Now as for the
“Tony, if there is one thing I’ve learned from hanging out with you it’s that spending time with the advanced and unfamiliar leaves you a better person on the other side. So suck it up, swallow your pride, and let’s go watch some damn slam poetry.”
You turn back toward the small box of slides, but suddenly, you feel strong arms grabbing you and pulling you away, forcing you out of the lab. If you hadn’t been awake for thirty-two hours, you probably could’ve told Steve to get the hell off before this got messy. But you’re sleep deprived and annoyed, and when you start to feel the other guy taking over, you don’t have it in you to fight it.
“Hey, I introduced you to your wife,” said Tony.
“Captain Rogers is already in the park. He called in the assembly remotely.”
, the Catholic school teacher?” Tony flounced some imaginary shoulder-length hair. “Show me a book of hours and then you and me can talk about
2. EXT. DESERT - DAY
“But that’s last night’s bullshit. I woke up this morning with my hair on fire.”
“...but?” said Tony.
“Worth it,” said Clint, as he exited the building and went to join Thor next door.
“You never asked,” signed Steve. “But I promise I tried to give you privacy whenever you were signing with Nat.”
“Did something happen?”
"What the hell!?” said blond prep who loked at the blood on my tatas.
“Then I would’ve sent Captain America to give her a stern talking-to. I’m told that makes people see sense.”
“Wow,” said Steve as he pocketed the device, “I wish I’d had this at the Met.”
Tony was looking away from him over the side of the High Line, and Steve now knew that meant he needed a second to process what he was feeling in private. Then it stretched on for much longer than it usually took, and Steve heard Tony take a deep sniff that had nothing to do with the flowers around them.
And it was fuzzy.
Wake Me Up Inside
“You already did. You did for a long time, and it fucking hurt, because I don’t think I’ve ever
“Hammertech makes more than weapons, you know,” said Sandra feebly.
“Life’s not fair, Thor,” said Natasha, “And if you were in Asgard right now, don’t you think Enchantress would’ve done the same thing there that she did here?”
“I already told you, it’s not inspiration coffee, it’s miracle coffee,” said Tony as he walked over to the cafe’s ATM. “Because there is nothing, short of a miracle, that will get us into that safe.”
Idiots.
A small grin quirked the edge of Tony’s mouth and he said, “You wouldn’t be the Steve Rogers I know and love if you did.”
ARGUMENTS AGAINST:
LIKELIHOOD VERDICT:
“Well yeah, he’s gay, that’s not—”
“Yeah, probably,” said Steve.
Give it time, Thor. You’ll be up to your neck in our own unfinished business before you know it.
“Fine. Just tell me there’s Thai food left,” said Bruce tersely as he walked over to the fridge.
Thor, you fly overhead with Natasha and we’ll meet you in town. Tony, Clint, each of you take a horse. I’ll catch up soon enough if I run.
“It does if you’re egomaniacal and evil,” says Bruce. “I mean, she could’ve meant something else, but to me that sounds like her stroking her own ego with a hint she thinks we’re too stupid to get.”
Tony groaned. The last time he’d tried to skip movie night, Natasha had literally hog-tied him and carried him to the common room. If he left now, he might be able to get far enough away to avoid her, but he’d be out of town if the team got a call, and Natasha would find a way to make him pay for it later.
If you were confused as to what Tony's tsum tsuit looked like, it's supposed to be a human-sized version of an Iron Man tsum tsum.
YouKnowWhoIAm
Tony could’ve pointed out that most friends probably don’t hold each other and stroke each other’s hair while talking about their days, but he didn’t want to risk Steve coming to his senses and stopping.
Rated:
“But she wasn’t being rude,” said Steve
“Oh look, your lapel’s crooked,” said Jade, and she moved her hand to Steve’s imaginary tux lapel.
,” said Tony.
“Hey, it worked out for me in the end, remember? But number thirteen on the list is trying a bunch of sweets around the city. That’s textbook date material.”
DrBanner
“Got me,” said Steve. “Tony and Bruce are talking with their eyebrows again.”
This last fact was endlessly distressing to Tony because while he didn’t give a damn what stupid people and bigots thought, Tony had to admit that Steve was neither, and so when Tony pissed him off he was hurting someone who didn’t deserve it. What’s worse, every one of Tony’s usual tricks for schmoozing people he’d pissed off by mistake all just seemed to piss Steve off even more. Which, in turn, pissed Tony off, and his entire verbal filter went straight out the window when he was angry.
Tony grunted with annoyance and said, “I’m sorry the way I feel about you made you do what you did, ok? I would’ve apologized earlier but it turns out there’s no Hallmark card for ‘Whoops, a magic spell made your best friend’s teenage pining bleed over into you.’ I feel terrible for taking advantage of you before I realized what was going on. And I’m at peace with the fact you don’t — I’ve had one-sided crushes before, ok? I’m a grownup, I can deal with it. I don’t want you to feel like it’s your responsib— you want to back up a bit there, Steve? You’re really close to mmmfffff.” Whatever Tony was about to say was cut off by Steve’s lips against his.
“Wait, are you doing the Buzzfeed list?” asked Tony.
Yeah, alright, he’s got a sharp suit.
“If you were in town last week you could’ve had some. I brought a bunch back to the tower,” said Steve (that’s right, Tony forgot those were with Sylvia, who tried to get Steve to join her pyramid scheme).
She’s still watching,” you say quickly. Then you add, “Bruce, are you sure?”
Steve realized he’d never really thought about it that much.
“But that’s a big if. I don’t know if I’m ever going to get to ‘yes’ either. But sometimes I look at you and I think the same thing: maybe. Maybe with you.”
“It is
” spat Tony as he walked forward into the fight against his will, completely at the mercy of whatever kind of puppet magic emo Ariel had fired at him. Steve turned at Tony’s outburst and didn’t quite stifle a groan of frustration.
“Where the
Steve rolled his eyes and shook his head. Then he asked, “Does the tower feel like home to you?”
“I should never have rescued any of you,” said Steve.
“I thought it was a dream! I thought— your nose is broken! I broke your fucking nose!” said Tony, who was very deep into a serious panic right now. It was everything he could do to not start hyperventilating. He had kissed Steve in what he thought was a dream and then he’d
“Maybe we can narrow it down a bit,” says Natasha thoughtfully. “I know rule number one of spying turned out to be a bust, but rule number five seems to apply here.”
Steve blocked another kick and gave him a look Tony couldn’t read, before he said, “I was running by when she just showed up and started firing. Nothing is getting through her shield. No indication she can hear or see us except the energy bolts. Clint’s setting up the perimeter and getting the last of the civilians to safety, Nat’s drawing fire to give Clint time, but right now we could use some ideas on how to take her down.”
Page one text:
Steve started and said, “Tony, you don’t—”
...We’re out of time. She’s here.
“You don’t hate Steve, and Steve doesn’t hate you,” said Pepper, in that tone of patient exasperation only she could make sound not-insulting, “you’re just… two really,
You are absolutely allowed to pick doctors/dentists/hair stylists/accountants/anyone you pay to take care of you that make you feel comfortable and respected.
“Yes?” she said warily.
Bruce followed Steve’s eyes to the vibrating giant purple bulb in the pot to Steve’s left.
Tony felt his head rise and fall as Steve’s chest expanded with a sigh and he carded his fingers through Tony’s hair.
DrBanner
“Relax, Steve, I am very much looking forward to us fucking each to pieces. But for now, I think we’re going to have to settle for falling asleep in the same bed.”
“And why would I do that?” asked Hammer.
“New security measure, just got the prototype in this morning,” said Hammer. “Have the entire building searched. Tell the other guards we’re looking for the
“Hey, maybe they’ll find
“No, because reversible ties are tacky as hell,” says Tony.
“Glad to hear you’re branching out,” said Tony. “Lord of thunder, master of sticks. It’s a brave new pantheon.”
“It isn’t sound science. There’s a reason nobody’s made any more Hulks, Tony, other than the fact that the other guy’s not exactly amenable to experimentation,” you say. Even the merest thought of subjecting the Hulk to experiments is enough to make the Other Guy rumble somewhere in your brain.
Thirty minutes of paperwork later, he was in the backseat of the car with Steve. Happy was driving them back to the tower instead of a hotel, at Steve’s insistence, and Tony just didn’t have it in him to fight him on it. He didn’t have anything in him at all. He was exhausted, sore, hungry, and as much as he hated to admit it, even to himself, he was overwhelmed. The camel’s back had broken several hours ago, but the straws just kept piling up. He was maybe a micrometer away from completely losing his shit. But goddammit, he would
” Tony yelled.
Star Trek, specifically. Man, I wish Bruce was on the bridge, he knows this stuff backwards and forwards.
...As much as I care for the both of you, I’m afraid I’m here on business. An outlaw passed through here not long ago and left some contraband, and it might be here. I know you’re both honest, but what was left, it might be something you wouldn’t even notice. Do you mind if Tony and I search the place?
CLINT (CONT’D)
“I mean, you don’t
“Strange said it’s only the Avenger’s suites,” said Natasha, clearly mulling over her mental map of the suites in her mind, “Probably doesn’t include medical, since there’s 100 floors of offices between us and them, so… the Hulk containment floor and the common room are all that are left.”
Natalia? Who the hell’s Natalia?
“Oh my God!” Clint howls. “It’s a
“Strong enough,” snapped Puppeteer number 2 (or maybe Puppet prime?).
“But we are going, right?” said Clint. “I had JARVIS call ahead and get them to caption the movie, and I’m going to feel like a huge dick if they did that and I’m not there.”
HAPPY
CW: Vomiting
“They’re not hers, though.”
” Tony spat as he leapt to his feet and stalked over to the wall. He let his forearm and forehead rest against the cool, beige-painted cinder blocks and willed himself to keep it together. Steve Rogers was literally right behind him. Tony had already been catatonic in his presence and Tony was
(See the end of the chapter for
“Thor? What about you?”
“Forget embarrassed, Nat could be bleeding from every orifice and she’d still remember to activate her emergency beacon,” said Tony. “And nobody’s tripped the alarm, so we should still be gravy.”
Nat kicked out the bottom of the vent and said, “I’m in position two. I just hope Bruce got the signal.”
“Since… I don’t know. The High Line at least. Maybe before. But I want to be with you, Tony. I want—”
CHIEF ENGINEER TONY STARK speaks into a comms panel as he presses buttons on a control screen.
, because I was so full of good ideas that day, when l looked over and saw Penny Kurtz. Specifically, Penny Kurtz’s mouth wrapped around a popsicle. So I immediately forgot Stacey and got to work trying to get Penny’s mouth around
Image: A picture of Robert Downey Jr. holding a small black kitten
“How long?” Tony asked.
“Steve, this is about something that happened before you and Tony were friends, and he feels bad about it because originally you weren’t going to be invited,” said Natasha.
“Look— what’s your name?”
Props to the folks who guessed the phone was the artifact!
think he knows what’s inside. I’m going to let Hammer’s security almost catch me as I’m running out the door and drop the case behind me. While they’re all focused on that and milling around the vault downstairs, Clint is gonna sneak his way up to the top floor and break into the other safe while it’s un-watched.”
“Alright, you’ve convinced me: the legal route isn’t going to work,” said Steve. “Assuming asking him nicely doesn’t work either, what are our options?”
“Am I done yet?” asked Steve irritably. “
“Water temperature above tepid doesn’t make you melt, Steve.”
On days like this, I like to have my friends and the people I love close to me, and at their insistence I had planned an evening out on the town, sampling the best food trucks of New York City with my friends and my beloved Jane, but of course I couldn’t, since Amora was coming over for dinner tonight.
THOR’S FLOOR
“Captain Rogers’s wallowing was indeed quite pathetic,” said JARVIS drolly.
Thor chuckled and said, “No, but if you think my aim is imprecise now, you should see me
“You asked me to inform you if there were any publicly available information concerning how Mr. Stark felt about you.”
“Hey, Tony,” said Steve carefully.
-sexual?”
she was going to go to
strong personalities that got off to a bad start.”
This chili recipe is sure to warm your bones and fill your belly. Truly a feast fit for the warriors of Asgard and a cozy night in.
and you rooted for AIDS.”
out of my way!” snarled Hammer as he bowled through layer after layer of security guards and doors on his way to the sub-basement.
“The center floor,” says Natasha.
“I think you know that too well. Which brings me to the next thing I learned about you. You
“I mean, we’ve got two cards of a three-card monte in play,” said Natasha with a sly grin.
A bullet hits the stone right by TONY’s head, shutting him up.
“I’ll keep that in mind, Tony,” said Steve as he turned to go.
Tony didn’t move. For a moment it felt like he was getting ready to kiss back when he pulled away and said, “Um… it looks like the spell might have some lingering effects. So maybe we should just take a step back and count to ten or something.”
“I almost stopped here, but Sanda told me to watch to the end, and she had the murder-eyes look that Pepper gets when I really need to pay attention,” muttered Tony.
This situation would ordinarily call for a long string of colorful expletives, but when Tony inhaled to start shouting them he got a lungful of CO2 and immediately started coughing. He sat up abruptly from the workbench his face had been planted on and tried to bat the extinguisher out of his face, but he didn’t account for the stool he’d been sitting on, which promptly tipped backward, taking him down to the floor with it.
“Promise?”
“I’m sorry?” said Steve.
Mmy name is Natasha Nigtshade Blood’ness Vampira Way Romanov an I am a goth fampire and I hav a hot boyfriend & we r in luuuurrrrvvvvv
“Why are you being so weird about this? Steve… were you ever forced--”
” said Tony as he stepped out to the lab’s launch pad.
“I’ll make it up to you with a keychain.”
Sounds like he had a secret partner when Steve knew him, and Steve’s not a homewrecker. Also probably had scruples about sleeping with test subjects.
“Ah! Nat! What the hell, I was about twenty layers of choices in! We were getting somewhere!” says Tony, as he tries unsuccessfully to bat Nat’s hand away from where it’s now pinching his ear.
“And I’m fine with that. Really, I am. And if our hypothetical kids grow up and decide to join a church, more power to them. But they’re not getting it from us.”
STEVE
And… hm. Ok, that one was on Tony.
Give it to Clint and use your hammer, Thor!
“Yeah, but the suit camera’s already sent the video to Secaucus PD, as well as a promise of Sokovian mafia assassins tied up neatly outside,” said Tony.
“You’ll get your shirt back on Clint’s floor,” said Steve, as he pressed the appropriate elevator button.
The fight wasn’t hard to spot from the air. There were pink energy beams of some kind shooting out around where the John Lennon memorial was. Magic users sure knew how to put on a light show.
“Hey, you’re plotting to get
CUT TO:
“You got us, we’re lying. But do you want to take a break for some food anyway?”
“Shhhh,” said Steve soothingly as he went back to petting his hair, “It’s alright, Tony. Please. It’s ok. This is just comfort. We don’t have to talk about what happened in the lab or anything else you don’t want to. I know you’re not hyperventilating anymore, but I’m pretty sure you’re still upset. Am I wrong?”
Steve stopped for a breath and said, “Um.”
“...Ok, yeah, the resemblance is a little uncanny,” said Steve, looking him up and down.
You go back to eating your sandwich contentedly. Tony sighs.
Tony was quiet for a while, and when he spoke again his voice was rough.
“That’s enough, Tony,” said Steve.
to hear fuller versions of Steve's and Tony's embarrassing sex stories plus Nat's, Bruce's, Clint's, Thor's, Jane's and Rhodey's.
STRANGER
“Told you he wouldn’t budge,” said Tony.
Flirt later, fight now!
Steve scoffed, but Frank raised her eyebrows to indicate she was serious.
And without even thinking, Steve had his sketchpad in front of him again. After forty five minutes of sitting back in the shaded part of the courtyard, he had two whole pages of Tony making faces, Tony’s hands over his head making dramatic claws, Tony with his chin on his fist listening intently, Tony laughing. He’d drawn Tony from memory more often than he cared to admit but this? He’d treasure this.
Steve heard Tony snort next to him, and Steve himself had to bite his lip to stop from laughing.
“You’ve been like this all day. Just… on the surface it’s like everything’s the same, but one of the tracks in your brain is still on the damn future talk, isn’t it?” said Tony.
and ASL to talk about her life experiences in Australia and the United States.
That got Clint’s attention. But when Tony continued to say nothing, Natasha just sighed and stalked off to the elevator bank.
“It’s the only way, Tony,” said Steve, and there were tears in his eyes. “Hanahaki won’t progress if the person you love is— isn’t there anymore.”
,” said Tony loudly, tamping down the hat with his free hand for emphasis.
“I’ll have to check it out,” said Steve, who must’ve really been paying attention, because he turned his head back towards the cream-colored, circular building they were in line for and his eyes went wide when he took it in.
Steve looked at Tony, who was staring hard straight ahead. Tony looked like he was willing the tenseness in his posture away inch by inch, until he could finally say, “That was his favorite line. ‘Oh, did I
“Because we can’t!”
I’m not taking off my clothes for you, Natalia.
“Jarvis, make a note: knock-out dust is much shorter lasting upon the second application. Add to it the possibility Widow and Hawkeye might accidentally hit the same guy and I think we can call it a failure,” Tony muttered as he scrubbed himself clean in the lab’s decontamination shower. His clothes were a lost cause, but at the very least he could make sure he wouldn’t be catching fire again today. When he was satisfied that all traces of widow-bite venom and knock-out dust were safely contained in the shower’s drainage system, he reached for the back-up clothes he kept in the lab and noticed the shirt had a hole in the center. What was once a questionable fashion choice meant to show off the part of Iron Man that was embedded next to his very heart was now a man-boob window and a painful reminder of the time he’d tried to change who he was to make someone else happy to save a failing relationship. Lovely.
“Wait,” said Toni putin his ram on Seves chest all protective, “I don’t think he’s rea— I think he’s like Pepper was on my floor. Let him say something to be sure.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” says Steve.
“Plus some,” said Tony, standing up. “You wanna come with me and get some hot dogs, Doug?”
Weapons are off-line.
“How can you ask me not to talk about such an important part of me to my children, Tony?” said Steve.
Unlike Patrick Bateman, actually smart.
“I don’t. If you really did feel the same way, I would’ve coughed up the roots by now. But I haven’t, which means either I’ve got the rarest Hanahaki on earth or you’re trying very nobly to save your best friend’s life, and I know you well enough by now to recognize which one it is.”
“Sorry, Tony. I’m the one defying gravity in this relationship.” Then Steve drew his head back and squinted at Tony and said, “I don’t think you’re Glinda, though.”
“JARVIS, we’re going to need more lab space,” said Tony quickly. “Start working on finding—”
“Magical artifacts are often immune to their own effects. Suppose, for example, the artifact is an enchanted chalice. If there were a floor of the tower entirely comprised of swords, it is unlikely it would be able to change into a sword to disguise itself.”
WelcomeToValChallah
“I’m in position,” said Natasha. “It’s all on you now, boys.”
Don't call the tabs, it was a one-off thing to convince emo Loki that we weren’t interested in emo Nat.
CLINT
“Not great, Tony,” said Steve.
NATASHA stands up and walks away.
Thor sighed and said, “I can’t do it reliably. If the target were larger or not in such close proximity to so many taller, more conductive targets for a lightning strike, maybe, but like this? One in fifty times, maybe. Perhaps you could do something yourself? Maybe shoot a charge through your armor?”
A few seconds later, everyone’s back in the kitchen and Nat says, “Hey Bruce. There’s a really weird bug in the elevator. Want to come take a look?”
puts a pin and a magnet on the back so you can pick which one won’t ruin your shirt,” said Tony. He finally found a bisexual pride flag button and he pinned it to his shirt front. Then he said, “Hang on - this isn’t a surprise to any of you, right?”
Steve hesitated, but he must’ve heard someone in his earpiece because he went quiet, then said, “Stay inside the suit,” before he ran off back to the fight.
Tony noticed first. And after a small hesitation, he put his hand over where Steve’s was resting on his lap and squeezed. Steve looked at Tony, and the expression was sympathetic and warm. And frankly Steve didn’t care if someone looked right then and got the wrong idea because it was exactly what he needed.
video.
“You may have gotten Howard’s penchant for tinkering and talking sass, but when I say you’re nothing like him I mean in the ways that matter. You listen to other people. You make time for the ones who’re close to you. And most of all, you care. About Maria, about the team, about your work and the impact it has. You care so deeply about so much, and it’s not just in your head, Tony. It’s in the work you do and the people you save and the way you show up and pay attention, like you did today. You’re such a good man, Tony, and I’m so honored to be your friend.”
“You know what the saddest part is, Justin?” said Tony. “This whole plan would’ve fallen apart if you ever had even a
BARTON
BARTON
“It doesn’t matter, Steve.”
Steve thought briefly). “Well, as badly as I’d like to say you’re right, that in real life I would’ve shouted ‘Get yer stinkin’ paws off my Captain!’ and tied her up rodeo style, I’m not sure I would have.”
Steve pushed the glasses up his nose, silently blessing the hot-hipster invisibility effect, and made his way inside Hammer’s office, using the janitor’s access keycard to get inside.
The glass tanks of animals and plants are rapidly locking down, although there’s no need for the precaution. The plants and animals make the small you feel happy. The glass squares were making the small you upset, though, and keeping him awake. And they might be locking down with the desk, but you’re faster than you look. You raise your fists over your head and reduce Bruce’s carefully organized slides on the desk to glass powder and plywood. You reach for the computer monitor and throw it against the wall, where it explodes into a shower of circuit board fragments. You tear apart the wall that has come down to protect a table of delicate-looking glass vials before it can cover them (because really, glass smashing is so nice, the small you will understand) and tear it apart. Then you punch through the glass containers and feel the burn of something caustic as they shatter and get their contents on your skin. Nothing enough to seriously hurt you, but it does make you angrier. So you take the table that was supporting the glass and hurl it in the direction of your fight-friends. They duck, and it breaks apart with a thunk and a clatter.
“What?” said Steve.
Then Steve said, “Wait.”
“What’ve we got?” asked Tony as he scrambled away from the heap of blankets on the floor and toward the armor assembler.
“So my therapist tells me,” said Tony dully.
“Ok. I can live with that,” said Steve.
Ivan Petrovich? The outlaw!?
Tony rolled his eyes, then put the pillow back behind his head and turned to face the wall where Pepper’s face was being projected. She was clearly lying in bed.
“Yeah, that’s fair,” you say with a chuckle. You’re confident that whatever’s going on isn’t malicious, so you might as well roll with whatever weird practical joke they’re playing.
Doesn’t even get the signature hockey mask until his third movie.
, sorry,” said Tony as Steve went down.
“Tony, if you’re about to rant about magic—”
“Tony’s right. We need to handle this either legally or quietly,” said Steve.
“You’re not obligated to pretend you aren’t angry with me just because I had a panic attack,” said Tony.
They grew up together and that makes it weird for some people.
“Fucking hell, Clint!” shouted Tony, trying very hard not to breathe through his nose as the acrid smell started to filter in through the suit’s air filters.
“We don’t have to—”
Actually it’s mostly her biographers that speculate. And she plays coy about it every time someone asks in an interview.
ARGUMENTS FOR:
“What’s that?”
LIKELIHOOD VERDICT:
“Tony, if you’re about to tell us you’re every single letter of LGBT+… I will support you all the way, but I will also have some questions,” said Bruce over his cereal bowl. Bruce and highly-stimulating, crowded, unpredictable environments didn’t mesh well so he’d be sitting this one out, but he’d been nice enough to wake up early and see them off in his pajamas.
9. INT. CARGO BAY THREE
right.”
“Oh what, you think we didn’t turn out like Germany because we’re America and we don’t do that bullshit? I remember the
You don’t fully understand everything she’s saying, but you do feel calmed by her words. You feel the small you start to take over, and you decide to let him. After all, if the small you comes into danger again, you’re never far away.
The lights dimmed, and a company profile picture of a young Hispanic woman with long curly hair and a cheerful smile filled the screen.
on repeat.
“I hate this fucking disease,” said Tony bitterly, as he clenched his hand around the roots again. “I hate that it never goes away. I hate that just when I thought I’d gotten rid of all my damn doubts and we could finally put my bullshit behind us, all it takes is you going on a mission for three weeks to set me back this badly.”
“Can’t risk her puppeting you into the suit when it gets here,” said Steve.
Butterfingers
Steve turned and—
So they did. They wandered the displays in silence for a bit, and silence never
, Steve, you know how I operate!” said Tony a little too loudly, trying hard not to let any shame seep into his voice.
“Maybe if
Actually, I have a better idea.
of it scorched the air in Tony’s lungs.
Steve grinned and said, “Are you out yet?”
“Someone snuck a magic artifact into the building and trapped all of us. But if you come with us you’ll be free of it,” says Natasha.
THE HULK roars and braces himself to start running forward. ENCHANTRESS laughs and turns to walk back into the mist. THE AVENGERS start running forward to attack, as does THE HULK. But before they can meet, the CLOCK TOWER finishes its last chime, which gives way to a different sound: a cell phone ringing. Everyone stops and turns in the direction of the SALOON, where HAPPY is hiding behind a barrel just outside of it, peeking over the top to watch the events on MAIN STREET. He reaches into his pocket and takes out the item that had been causing the bulge before and he looks at it with a puzzled expression: it’s a smartphone. A beat while everyone realizes the artifact has just been revealed. Then there’s a mad scramble to get to it. HAPPY yelps, tosses it in the direction of the fight, and dives back into the SALOON. ENCHANTRESS drops the chain in her dash for the smartphone, which causes the chain to disintegrate, freeing THE HULK with a roar. It’s close, but ENCHANTRESS fires a beam of green energy at the phone just before NATASHA’s fingers can close around it. The phone turns that new energy into a swirling vortex of green.
“No it’s not. Just name everything after yourself. That’s called
Steve gave a tired smirk, then glanced down at the offending stitches near his left wrist and said, “I really thought I got the color match right this time.”
“It’s, um… I started with the books when I was in college. Purists say radio-plays or bust. But either one is great.”
“Uh, no, we are not having art therapy in the
“Ok. You can stay here. But I would be really happy if you came up and danced with us, and I think you’d be happy too. For Steve?”
, right?
“Yes I did,” said Steve.
And of course as soon as he realized that, the fact that the aquarium was number fourteen on Steve’s list suddenly seemed a lot less like coincidence but before he could go... there he was. Steve was standing there, bathed in the cool, blue light of the water, looking like he’d been through hell. And it was enough to stop Tony in his tracks because
Thor slammed his fist against the side of the elevator hard enough to leave an indent.
- English, barely - Natasha Romanov, Steve Rogers, Tony Stark - Chapters: 1 - Words: 417- Reviews: 0 - Favs: 0 - Follows: 0 - Updated: March 19, 2005 - Published: March 19, 2005 - Status: Incomplete - id: 1029802
“Get Mr. Stark a suit jacket,” said Pepper to her PA, who scurried off through one of the aisles in the row of cubicles Pepper was frog-marching him through. Tony looked down and noticed what he was wearing for the first time today: an Iron Maiden tee-shirt and ripped jeans, both of which were covered in oil and dust and God knew what else.
if I’d just seen what was there.”
Fingerless gloves are like the worst thing you can wear if you’re a barber. Or a murderer.
Panache: 8
“Somebody told you about the virgin sacrifice, didn’t they?” said Tony.
Steve's lived a weird enough life that his doctor falling into a time machine and kicking his sex ed teacher's ass is not outside the realm of possibility. Suffice to say somewhere in the multi-verse it almost certainly happened, and it was as great as you're imagining right now.
“Yeah, I’d tap that,” sighed Toly hornly. Steve loke confuse but TOny said “Well I would. And it’s a thing for this genre; the protagonist likes bi dudes. Just don’t be weird about it, ok?”
“Tell me something, Steve. If all of the players down there swapped uniforms, which team would you root for?” Tony asked.
“I wouldn’t mind hearing about everyone’s kinks,” said Thor with a shrug.
” said Tony.
Nat blinked and when she spoke her tone was deadly.
“Banner’s back. Meet me back on his floor, we’ll head into the elevator together. Grab a tee shirt for Bruce,” says the mechanical voice of Tony in the Iron Man suit. You groan.
tell you that. But I would be lying,” you say with a grin.
“For him, maybe. But not for you,” said Hammer. “C’mon, Cap— may I call you Cap? If getting the scepter really is all that important, surely you and the other super friends can give me what I want whether Tony agrees or not.”
(shrugs)
Steve moved closer, wrapped his arm around Tony’s shoulders, and gently guided Tony’s head to his chest.
DrBanner
“Like you said. I enjoy his company now. So there’s no reason not to keep doing Steve’s list.”
“Are you trying to sell me on ‘the only person I ever want to fight with is you’?” said Tony with a roll of his eyes. “Grew up with parents like that, Cap. It’s a lot more fun in theory than in practice.”
actuallyithappenedonyourfloortoo
you drop eaves!” After he switched off his own comms he turned to Steve and said, “You take out the garbage. I’ll finish up in here.”
Steve frowned and said, “Am I ever going to be able to hide anything from you?”
“I will
“To save my life? Absolutely,” said Tony.
Tony chanced a look back at Steve and… fuck, Steve was crying. This was hell. This was worse than anything he’d ever been through, seeing Steve in so much pain and knowing he’d caused it.
“The USO. Christ, I’m an idiot,” said Tony.
said Bruce’s body language
“I mean, it’s a Tingler. It could be in his butt,” says Tony. “I’m sure he’d let Bruce search him for it.”
Then Cap walked off back into the chaos of reporters and Puppeteer victims and police to go do what he did best. Because the world always seemed to need Steve more than Tony did, and Steve, the consummate superhero that he was, always went where he was needed most. It was why Pepper had split up with Tony, and it was a big part of why Tony loved Steve almost from the moment they’d met.
how much trouble we are in, Anthony?” Pepper seethed and
They sat in a booth near the corner and Tony felt a flash of triumph when Steve took a sip of the house-made cherry soda and his eyes bugged out of his head.
“Crap!” hissed Natasha as she scurried as fast as she could to the end of the vent.
Tony stopped talking abruptly and fixed Steve with a shocked stare.
Tony ignored Steve and kept kissing his neck. He heard the back of Steve’s head gently hit the wall Tony had pinned him against as an absolutely delicious groan escaped his throat.
“Ah, I see Tony’s still the kind of guy who kisses and tells,” said Hammer with a chuckle that set Steve’s teeth on edge.
-1000/10. Steve has probably gone to alternate universes where versions of himself exist that are about to bone Red Skull, and murdered them pre-emptively, that’s how unlikely this is.
do it here. He would not. He would not lose his shit in front of Steve.
“I hate every single thing about this,” exclaimed Steve.
“Only when you touch it,” says Thor. “Here, it’s easier to show you.”
“Hey, Clint,” said Tony as he tipped the rest of his eggs into the garbage, “Sorry, got to go.”
They were leaving at intermission. Steve had been more than ready to laugh off a poor recommendation on the list with Tony on the way out the door, but Tony was doing some kind of extended joke pretending he loved it and wanted to see the second half of the show, just to rub it in Steve’s face how wrong he’d been on insisting they come. And if it had ever been funny when it started, it definitely wasn’t now as they were walking up the block away from the theater.
ARGUMENTS AGAINST:
In hindsight, he should’ve been suspicious of the glitter.
was getting harder and harder to ignore.
ROMANOV
“I’m not finished.”
But next year we’re throwing a party. In hindsight we probably set ourselves up for failure when we got a hotel room,” said Tony.
“No I mean,” said Natasha, who was still punching the bag, “Are we going to keep on like this, pretending we’re both training here, or are we getting right to it?”
Iron Man crashed through the skylight and touched down gently, box of files in hand.
“If Enchantress managed to find an encyclopedia current enough for a Chuck Tingle page, she deserves to keep us trapped for a bit,” says Tony.
really looking forward to that curry. It smelled really good, and coconut milk and ginger is just such a natural combination! Thank you so much for sharing this recipe!
Over leather tomes and other bits and bobs of haunting tone,
STEVE steps into TONY’S space. The temperature in the room goes up considerably.
Before he knew it, they were at the instrumental section, which made Tony shout, “JARVIS, don’t you dare cut out the dance break! C’mon, Steve, time to dance.”
“JARVIS, stop the elevator.”
Tony twitched slightly, then couldn’t quite stifle a groan. His muscles were all on fire.
. You’ve always been her favorite. Anyway, why’re we here then?”
“Quit letting the team carry your weight, Clint,” said Natasha.
, Tony, why
STEVE
Sheriff STEVE ROGERS(mid-30s, commanding, reserved, protective), walks out of the mouth of a MINE SHAFT. He is joined by his deputy THOR ODINSON (late 30s/ancient, sage, friendly, honorable), local smith TONY STARK (mid-40s, brilliant, sarcastic, showy), cowboy CLINT BARTON (mid-30s, puckish, quick, decisive), wealthy widow NATASHA ROMANOV (mid-20s, deadly, focused, perceptive), and local doctor BRUCE BANNER (late 40s, bookish, soft-spoken, disciplined). All of them are squinting or shielding their eyes as they look out into the harsh, desert sun from near the top of the small hill containing the entrance to the now disused GOLD MINE. Below is a GHOST TOWN in a valley of scrub land.
I doubt she’s coming back any time soon. She made her point, and in her mind we’re all safely trapped. I wonder why she said watching us was “informative.” I would’ve expected “enjoyable.” What information is she getting from us being here?
“I--’’
“Because it doesn’t change the fact that we’re never getting together, Steve.”
“You included a note with the check you sent to Doug and Colleen for their wedding.”
of this little field trip is to spend time together, Steve. And if I’m off somewhere else we’re not together. Ergo, I’m right, and you’ve been drawing that stupid painting for
“This isn’t about who he is. It’s about who we are,” said Steve. “We have to try.”
“That seems a little extreme, Cap,” says Clint.
Tony rubbed his face and said, “Tell them… tell them I’m fine. And that I’m not coming back to the tower tonight. Tell them I’m sitting this one out.”
And also Doug and Colleen.
of story-telling elements, so it could also be a book, or maybe a DVD. And it’s also got a lot of different elements so maybe it’s something that could show examples of everything we’ve seen, like an encyclopedia.”
this, Clint,” gasped Tony.
STEVE gapes at BUCKY for a moment, then walks over and embraces him, hard, getting swept up in the emotion of seeing him again.
Images: An entire slide with pictures of nudibranchs. They're in tons of beautiful colors and shapes. Some are pink with soft spikes, some are orange with black and white spots, some are purple with orange spikes, some are green with orange spots. All look like slugs in the ocean, but the range of colors are staggering
“That doesn’t sound like anything about the artifact,” says Thor.
You throw a stick anywhere in Chinatown and you'll hit a dozen excellent dim sum restaurants but in my imagination,
,” Steve hissed.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Clearly not, since I just spent ten minutes talking about
The Puppeteer could’ve made it a much more difficult fight if he’d made her walk over toward the perimeter they’d set up to start puppeting cops. Tony sorely wished he could read the report with the results of her interrogation afterward, but he suspected it wouldn’t be all that useful. If she hadn’t been trying to talk to them through the bubble, she probably had a good reason not to risk opening her mouth. Maybe the Puppeteer had her family. Hopefully the police were sorting it out, now that they were both in custody.
“Look, I really shouldn’t be telling you this, but if all you need is something to make phone calls, we just threw out a bunch of flip phones that weren’t selling well. They’re in the dumpster out back, in the boxes with blue X’s on them. They’re not exactly Starkphones, but—”
steve_rogers
steve_rogers
Everyone else cheered Thor on as he absolutely butchered something upbeat and poppy. But Tony sat back on the bench next to Steve and said, “Ok, I’m out of ideas. What is it? What’s wrong?”
“Wait till next year for what?” said Nat as she came into the kitchen.
Rich, white, well-educated male, so invisible to police.
“Open your eyes and look where her right hand really is.”
But Steve couldn’t deny the evidence in front of his eyes. Tony was giving 0 indication that he, in any way, felt the same way about Steve. And so Steve just kept coming back to the lab, and so what if it killed him a little every time he left? So what if he spotted a headline that Stark Enterprises was launching an initiative to encourage blood donation, with a picture of Tony himself donating, and Steve felt like he’d overflow with an L-word he wasn’t ready to think aloud to himself yet? Steve was responsible for his own feelings, and he’d figure this mess out somehow. Because the alternative - breaking off his friendship with Tony so he could move on - was too horrible to contemplate.
trying to buy you.”
“Interesting,” says Natasha, “So if we see something like a cell phone in the noir novel, or a gun in the kids’ book, that could be it.”
“I love you,” said Steve.
“Not until the stick knows who its master is,” said Thor angrily.
“Jarvis, make a note,” said Tony, even though he knew his AI wasn’t listening. “Magic users have a permanent place at the top of my shit list.”
“Have you
Steve’s BFF from childhood. Pretty much everyone agrees these two were inseparable since they were in diapers.
Image: A grey pitbull mix with a bandanna around its neck
1. INT. COMMON ROOM FLOOR - NIGHT
Tony felt an elbow in his ribs and saw Bruce gesturing in the direction of the men’s room at the top of the escalator.
Steve sat up in bed to look at the clock himself.
“Where we’re going to live,” said Tony.
STEVE
Steve immediately turned crimson and Tony laughed, caught Steve’s wrist and kissed his palm before he brought their hands down to his knee.
What just happened?
“Nah, Tony’s just being an idiot. He’ll be back. C’mon, you wanna go get a beer or something?”
“Yeah. Just… give me a second to catch my breath,” says Steve as he lies on the pavement. Those hits you gave him up in the building seem to have caught up to him.
“I’ve been thinking about what Bruce said, about his relationship with Betty,” said Steve.
“And I really, really like being friends with you,” said Steve.
“That’s enough, all of you,” said Steve. It wasn’t loud, but every syllable resonated with authority, and it was enough to bring instant silence to the elevator. Then Steve turned to Thor and said, “If you want to go off-world after we’re done here, none of us will stop you. You’re not a prisoner here. But if you’re making that decision because you think this world is better off without you, then I would ask if you feel the same way about us. You’ve saved each of our lives countless times out in the field, Thor. What we do is only possible because you’ve made sure we stayed alive to do it. And if you can’t think highly of your own actions, then at least I hope you don’t think so little of ours.”
“I don’t—”
“Ha! Not a majority!” said Clint triumphantly.
“Leave it closed!” Natasha shouted, but her warning then was flouted,
Hammer walked off just as Bruce heard his phone beep.
“Nice! Now let’s see if what’s in the LOCKER ROOMS,” says Tony.
Tony tilted his head and winced as he looked up at Steve’s outline against the sun.
like I said—”
Howard, but they talk
with you. And I know you don’t love me, but it’s going to take a lot more than time to get me past this.”
- English, barely - Natasha Romanov, Steve Rogers, Tony Stark - Chapters: 2 - Words: 764- Reviews: 4 - Favs: 0 - Follows: 3 - Updated: March 20, 2005 - Published: March 19, 2005 - Status: Incomplete - id: 1029802
, how do you
“Clinton? What’d I do?” said Clint.
We could suggest a picnic. That’s recipe blog gold, and he’d have to leave the building to do that.
Everyone cheered. Clint whistled. Steve shielded his eyes against the awful, familiar glare of the stage lights.
“People don’t usually talk this much when they’re necking, Steve,” said Tony, and his voice was rough both with lust and with the disease’s impact on his throat.
“You go in, Pepper and I’ll join you in a sec,” said Rhodey.
YouKnowWhoIAm
“I didn’t say no, Tony,” said Steve firmly.
G-good morning, Mrs. Romanov. The usual?
“You’ve thought about this a lot, haven’t you?”
Steve rolled his eyes, then said, “I um… I wanted to come clean about something, Tony. I lied to you.”
“Unbelievable,” Tony sighed, then he pointed to his ring. “Do you want this back? You’re supposed to be marrying some kind of genius and clearly I am not one.”
That’s what you get for puttin’ yer stinkin’ paws all over me, ya yellow—
when it was hard,
Whatever, Tony could grieve sober. It’d hurt worse, but he could do it. What he couldn’t do is go back out there to a world where Steve was hurting because he thought Tony didn’t love him. Where Steve looked at Tony with that pained longing he’d seen as the elevator doors closed. It was already haunting his dreams, he couldn’t let it haunt his waking moments too. He wasn’t strong enough. He’d break. And Tony couldn’t break. He wouldn’t.
Oh man, I cannot wait to see what Steve and Bruce have as their handles and avatars.
knows how to stall is by telling people what it was like going through labor with triplets, so save your bullshit for someone who cares, Tony, we need to
in your hand and leave you to figure it out, so is it really so weird that some people want to go online and talk about themselves in whatever they’re reading? And yeah, it’s not exactly Shakespeare, but you have to write a lot of garbage before you can learn to write well,” said Tony.
Tony blinked as if taken aback, then finally looked Steve in the eye when he said, “That’s more than once a week.”
“That was um—” said a voice in front of him that he instantly recognized as Bruce’s.
(without moving)
IRL crime podcasters and monster fuckers would flock to Camp Crystal Lake like it was a Walmart on Black Friday the 13th. That many bodies would get law enforcement’s (and SHIELD’s) attention.
Of course, at that very moment, the manhole cover lifted, shifted aside, and a guy in colorful spandex and a domino mask stuck his head and shoulders out. A second later his eyes locked on Tony.
“Hey, Tony? Can I uh… can I ask you something?” said Steve.
Bruce is right. We need to focus.
“More or less?” said Steve.
He could start with the fact that by Steve’s own admission, he was very, very new to the not-straight world. He needed to be supported and encouraged, not climbed like a tree by an old lech like Tony. Steve hadn’t even dated anyone since at least the 40’s. There was a whole new world of people to form personal connections with; he couldn’t make an informed choice just hanging out with the five of them in the tower all the time. Hell, if he was going to find someone he liked well enough to kiss on New Year’s Eve, he should probably start looking now. Tony could help him with that. And the original main tentpole was still standing, if less strong than it had been. He and Steve getting together and breaking up would invite instability and danger. It was just too risky.
On an ordinary day, Tony would’ve investigated it himself right away. He would’ve called the suit, dove down into the sewer, and
Amora said something through the gag that sounded like, “No shit, Sherlock.” Tony’s hypothesis that the Asgardian Shakespeare in the Park schtick was just an act gained a new piece of evidence.
“It sounded like they really loved each other. And they still didn’t make it,” said Steve.
of thunder, he stopped dead and started to breathe hard.
and—”
steve_rogers
The following seven images are styled and illustrated to look like a Dr. Seuss-style children's book. Steve is wearing a blue shirt with a white star, and red and white striped pants. Bruce is wearing an over-sized green shirt and purple pants. Tony is wearing a red shirt with a blue dot in the center and yellow pants. Thor is wearing red pants and a grey shirt with six white circles on it. Natasha is wearing a maroon shirt with grey pants.
STEVE
The elevator dinged and the door opened to let everyone out, but Steve put his hand on Tony’s shoulder before he could join the others.
’s a distant memory to you, Tony, but I remember my Black neighbors never visiting their cousins in Virginia because of it.”
And a moment later, Steve was practically hauling Tony out of the exam room and back to the elevator.
“Ah shit,” said Tony. “Should’ve looked that up. Oh well, we can try again some other time.”
“Bruce,” says Natasha, and her voice is thick with emotion. She must’ve been dreaming of the
word,” slurred Tony, “is that they usually aren’t
Tony did. His body kept moving, punching at wherever Steve happened to be.
(waiting for Tony to say something)
“Can you at least tell me if he’s eating and sleeping?” said Steve.
Tony felt something warm in the pit of his stomach, then he said, “Thank you for telling me. I’m proud of you. Also, if two separate members of the Avengers had their queer awakening at
“It’s fine,” said Steve. “I just— I’m not looking right now.”
“Once,” said Tony with a sad look in his eyes.
“Just tell me I don’t have to steal an ice cream truck,” deflected Steve.
Rumiko? Really?
Page 13 text:
“You wanna be the girl or do you wanna sing first?” said Tony.
In case anyone's curious what Nat and Clint were saying to each other in chapter 1, the last scam referenced is a "fiddle game," where the mark is convinced something not very valuable is actually something valuable. Which gives us this rough translation:
“Thank you,” she said. Then she walked around the edge of the aisle to sit down next to Steve and continued, “If you’re worried I’m going to tell anyone, I won’t. I remember what it’s like, being a baby gay and pining for someone you were sure you couldn’t have. But I think you could have this one, honey. I don’t think he’d’ve offered to pay off my student loan debt to spare you the virgin sacrifice unless he was at least a
“Stand by,” said Natasha breathily as she army-crawled down what must’ve been the five hundredth mile of ventilation shaft, lugging the scepter case behind her.
liked shoes.”
Today I had the opportunity to meet some of the other sailors here. One, named Tony, looked at me with astonishment and said, “Butterfingers?” We must have met at The Emerald Witch over a pint some time ago, although he had the strangest things to say. “I forgot I left some of the bots on this floor to test their water-proofing. I guess this is anthropomorphic Butterfingers,” he said. You know my education stopped at learning my letters, but I’m sure you’ll make sense of what he said. We chatted for a bit about what brought us here upon The Avenger, but it wasn’t long until he and the other sailors retreated beneath the poop-deck, no doubt to go about their chores.
“Um… yeah. Yeah, I would,” said Steve quietly.
“Do nothing,” finished Steve, “it’s called the bystander effect.”
“Because she was using another trick on both of us to get what she wanted,” said Tony, “strategically breaking social mores.”
,” said Tony as Steve had his foot out the door.
“Oh is that what you are?” said Bruce, as he took a sip of his coffee.
“What set me off this time?” you say weakly.
,” said Hammer angrily. “God, what the hell do I even have security
Outfit: 5
“We can’t fit the Hulk in the unspelled elevator!” says fight-friend Steve.
try, as hard as he could, to believe Steve when he said— when he said he loved him. Really, truly loved him. And the thought alone was scary as hell, but Steve’s hand was squeezing his and maybe— maybe it was okay, being scared. And maybe he could learn to be less scared, with time and practice. Maybe when Steve said he wanted him, he really meant that he wanted this too, which Tony couldn’t understand, but maybe you didn’t have to understand something to accept it anyway.
“I was going to ask you tonight if you wanted to make a project of this for 2015,” said Tony, as he unfolded the paper and handed it over to Steve. Steve took it and read.
“I told you to stay in the suit,” Steve hissed as he blocked Tony’s punch.
“Jesus
CLINT (CONT'D)
“Accidentally went to Dr. X’s barber,” muttered Tony.
“I can do it,” said Clint confidently. When Natasha squinted at him, he insisted, “I can do it!”
I had some really beautiful code that would remove options you'd already selected, and then AO3 was like, "lol, nope." So instead I'll say here that there's no point in choosing the same Avenger twice, you'll just get the same blurb. And, just like last time, remember to scroll down.
(and I can personally confirm their dumplings are delicious)
When we get out of here, JARVIS and I are fixing your Netflix queue.
Sugarbear.
“Oh look, your lapel’s crooked,” said holo-Jade, and she moved her hand onto holo-Steve’s now not imaginary lapel (which wasn’t actually crooked).
“Accident in the lab, Stark?” asked Natasha, open amusement in her tone.
“How stupid?” said Natasha, as she furrowed her brow at the skulls painted on her nails.
“Oh hi, asshole Steve, glad to see you’re here too. Could you go get the Steve that actually listens to me, because I just said I wanted to go see the rest of the play.”
“What the—” said Bruce.
Tony and Steve immediately stiffened and looked around the elevator for insects. Nat just smiled, shook her head, and said, “Let’s see if I can give you the short version.”
“That’s just because the clock’s stopped, Tony,” said Steve with a frown. “Grandfather clocks like this—”
Tony srhuged & said, “Natasha, we need to hurry up and take the elevator to the basement or we’re going to miss it,” siad Tony.
with Steve’s lingering sense of discomfort.
“—it’s a good show—”
Dream Steve raised his eyebrows and said, “Come on, Tony, it’s time to wake up before Natasha finds you.” (??)
“Sounds interesting to me,” said Steve. “But if it’s so much about how you sound, why is everyone else here Deaf?”
friends. And Tony knew him well enough by now to say confidently that if it were anyone at all coughing up flowers, Steve would be acting the exact same way, trying in vain to save their life.
“...but I don’t know the language,” repeated Tony.
“I’ve been thinking about this for five years. Of course I know what I’m doing. And it’s the only way to get what I want.”
...We’re a team, aren’t we?
made him upset? For thirty minutes? Would he have taken Maria to the ballet even though he thought it was boring because he wanted to make her happy? You literally just answered that one.”
“Probably because you’re wearing a Dodgers hat, and the Dodgers knocked the Yankees out of the playoffs last night,” said Pepper, as she dug her nails in sharply to turn them around a corner. “Speaking of which, General Murphy is a Giants fan, which means the hat needs to go.”
Hours later, as Tony was welding a new chest plate in the lab, he realized that particular casting had… romantic implications.
“Fine. But we are
Ivan?
“Oh Tony,” drawled an all too familiar voice, followed by the twin clicks of the light switch turning on and a hammer coming back on a hand gun behind Tony’s head. “I’m not just on the scent. I’ve caught the fox.”
STARK
FUN FACT: Clint was never a boy scout.
get a doctor kink, alright?”
“Worry about me when he’s out of the woods,” said Steve.
“Just leaving,” said Steve as he turned toward the elevator.
Of course Tony had no choice in the matter of moving or not. Whoever was pulling his strings didn’t care if he was bound; he was still compelled to pull against his binding, which let Tony add rope burn to his list of complaints. When he finally stopped moving, Tony almost cried with relief.
Thor winced at the memory and fought the urge to apologize  for that one (again).
And yeah, Tony’s intention might have been to confirm some of his suspicions about his teammates and stop being the only out Avenger, but he could live with that. Then Thor was standing behind Clint and Nat and in another second he had them both wrapped in a joint-cracking hug.
“Clint, honey, if you’re really that upset I’m sure I can rustle up one of those little red wagons somewhere, and we can pull you behind us,” said Tony.
“Steve?”
“Dark roast and black as midnight,” said Steve.
“Delightful? I’m gonna go with delightful,” said Tony’s voice.
Steve decided to go with that.
Steve gave Thor an appraising look, then nodded, an unspoken agreement passing between them.
Everything would be better if everything were nudibranchs
“I’m sorry,” said Steve. “I just— I think you could learn something from being in an unfamiliar environment, ok? Because that’s my life, Tony. Every day. But I shouldn’t’ve told you to suck it up. I know how uncomfortable it is. If being here really makes you want to crawl out of your skin, we can go.”
“You know like ten people, Steve—”
Darcy eventually got a hold of that video of Thor singing Dancing Queen, put it on her social media, and it went viral overnight. Members of ABBA tweeted a welcome to Thor as an unofficial new member of the band "but maybe we'll stick him on drums instead of vocals." Thor did not understand any of it, or why so many people wearing tee shirts with drawings of him in funny spandex costumes started asking for pictures with him, but was thrilled nonetheless to make so many new Midgardian friends.
,” breathed Pepper as they stopped outside of the conference room door. She bodily forced Tony into the blazer.
“I still have that gun. I’d very much like to upgrade it, but it turns out my second amendment rights are less important than your high and mighty principles.”
“Don’t worry about it, Steve’s got a card we’re all signing,” says Tony.
Instant silence falls over the table.
He’s French.
UPDATE: Wow, that's the fastest I've ever gotten 5 comments on anything. Final update for Nat's floor tomorrow! If you're coming here now, in the spirit of mid-aughts terrible fanfiction, please don't neglect to do your bit and leave a gud reviow.
“Mmmm,” said Tony through a grin. He was warm and sore (?) the smell of Steve was all around him (aftershave, leather, and just a touch of apples). This was his favorite dream.
“You want to run that by me again, El Capitan?” said Tony incredulously.
Turns out Steve knew what he was talking about, because not even twenty seconds later Tony was ready with a much more complete answer.
YouKnowWhoIAm
“I mean, it sort of comes with the territory,” said Steve for lack of anything better to say.
“It means he’s been looking at pictures of you. My understanding is that would typically mean he’s thinking of you, likely with fondness.”
“Any chance it’s fast?” he asked.
“In that case, I suppose we should proceed to the next floor,” says Thor, sounding a bit dejected.
“Nat,” you say, barely choking out her name over the familiar guilt you feel, rising in your throat. You take a moment to collect yourself and continue, “I regret it every day.
“You’re right, I’m just the warm-up act,” said Tony, who then proceeded to absolutely kill it on the first verse, which did nothing to help Steve feel less nervous. He hadn’t sung since… jeez, it must’ve been in the church back in Brooklyn. The hell would he even sound like?
“It’s wild you said that,” said Tony. “Because if I had to pick one time I couldn’t look past my own bullshit to see what was right in front of me, that’s the example I’d pick. The way he used to talk about you, Steve, all I could think was he had to be making it up. There’s no way anyone could be that decent
“Ahhhh,” said Tony sagely over a mug of hot black coffee that had somehow magically appeared between his hands (
Image: A very old daschund lying on a porch, soaking in the sun
“No copies or scans made,” said Tony. “And it’s all there, just like we agreed.”
” said Steve, and the anguish tore a gouge straight through Tony’s heart.
,” spat Tony as he started to pace. Which was when Steve noticed the plaque on the wall behind him.
STEVE
DARCY STOP TRYING TO COMMENT FIRST YOU ARE REALLY BAD AT IT
“You always have weird conversations whenever you do the grocery shopping. Remember that woman who asked if you met Elvis when we fought the chitauri?” said Tony. He was peeling potatoes in the sink, because that was the extent of his cooking abilities, and everyone had insisted he had to be in the tower cooking rotation
“It would appear that the widow-bite chemical compound you were improving yesterday has contaminated the hair on the left side of your head due to an absent-minded gesture with your left hand. This compound is known to be combustible when combined with the—”
“I would trade half my fortune for a picture of you right now, Nat,” said the prep who was dressd liek a granpa. I pit up my other midle finger.
Tony,” said Steve, and if Tony didn’t know for certain there was nothing there, the conviction in Steve’s voice would’ve given him pause. “I love you. I’m
“Nat? You in here?” said Tony as he opened the door and peered through. All he could see was darkness on the other side.
“I program JARVIS to do a lot of things,” said Tony.
“And there we are. Let’s go, I left a bag of popcorn in the microwave.”
“Of course, Captain Rogers. I can always make time for a true American hero such as yourself. Want a hard candy?” asked Hammer, before he glanced at the empty crystal bowl at the end of his desk, winced, and shouted over Steve’s shoulder, “Sandra! How many times do I have to tell you to refill the hard candy bowl?”
Steve laughed, then said, “Thank you again, by the way, for your gift.”
,” muttered Tony as he kicked the propulsors into high gear and did a little aerial spin on the way to the park. To Tony’s consternation, Clint just clung a little tighter. The bastard.
“It’s reversible,” says Steve.
steve_rogers
how hard I worked on this costume?”
“Tony—”
“Yeah,” Steve breathed against his neck. “Although, if you
“Yes, Mr. Hammer?” came the calm, smooth voice of the prototype Hammertech A.I. from the phone’s speaker.
You’ve been quiet for almost forty-five minutes, which I don’t think you’ve ever done, even in your sleep. What’s wrong?
“He does,” came a male voice through the comms that did
“Nat— please—” Tony begged, because he was now at that point.
Thor sits on top of a refrigerator eating pop tarts. The fridge has on it a drawing of Tony signed "SR", magnet letters that spell "CLINT," and various magnets, and a sticky note that says 'Buy More Pop Tarts! Bruce climbs on top of a TV that shows Enchantress peeking out from behind a tree. Tony and Steve are in the vent over the ceiling. Steve is looking inside a cookie jar and frowning, Tony is looking up at a spider.
“Its ok” is aid while I frenched him (Tony & Steve sounded all jelos & disgusted) “Come on lets go to the concert!”
A faint hum started coming from the ceiling, as JARVIS tried to determine whether the CEO that technically owned him or his maker had higher authority here.
There was a sensation of warm pressure on his upper back. Tony looked to his right and saw that Steve had put his hand there, and he had apparently been talking the entire time.
“So, Steve,” said Pepper as they were walking out of the theater. “Was Tony the one who set you up on your date?”
Well, Steve, you picked a hell of a day to roll out your bicurious side. Pretty sure Thor's dated men before, maybe you should lay one on him too. Really get the full experience out of your straight-boy-experimentation phase.
EDIT: I've since become aware that one of the genres represented in this chapter isn't as well known as I thought and googling it returns not very useful results. So when one of the characters names it, I've added a link to a clarifying article in the Guardian, which covers it in the first 2 paragraphs and the article picture (you can ignore the rest of the article), and isn't necessary to read if you're already familiar.
“Ladies, please, there’s plenty’a me to go round,” said Clint as the women immediately started squeezing his biceps and demanding autographs.
“I really hurt your feelings, didn’t I?” said Steve.
Steve picked his head up to look Tony in the eye.
For a moment, there’s nothing but the light creak of the saloon doors moving with the wind. Everyone’s eyes are on NATASHA, who’s giving nothing away. Then she lays her cards on the table.
to go.
“I told you to go look at the other exhibits,” said Steve, without even looking up from his sketchbook. “There’s some Escher drawings in this wing, go check them out while I finish this. I think you’ll like his work.”
He stepped back in shock and....something else...he could only describe it as awe.
It was strong and he felt like fireworks and bald eagles were flying all about him in the righteous fury in her voice!
Awe that she was here and that she was...pregnant.
She served the Army and her Government; she served Shield and what did that do, Hydra was alive and well...and now!?!
It all clicked and his dick-ish behavior melded in an odd way with his romantic behavior and he just grinned, “I'll love you until the end of the line baby girl.”
“We need to be held accountable.”
Tony just kissed her deeply, “Love you, just the way you are.”
“What?  You think this is a trick or something!  I don't want anymore drama, I'm so tired of fighting and intrigue and all the bull shit”
Stephanie just scoffed a bit at his still visage!
She broke his trance by letting out a huge fart!  It was so loud it woke her!
He laughed mercilessly and she did as well when she realized what had happened.
She'd probably kick his ass over the fact that he was encouraging the spider boy despite signing the accords.  He knew it made him a fucking hypocrite and that shit drove her crazy!  But he kinda hoped it would bring her to his door...to yell at him and put him in his place.
“Friday?”
Tony's world fell at her words, but he was too much of a coward to say so.
It made her...them...real.
She just looked sad and tired, he felt like a shit head.
Since he last saw her she'd freed the team in the damn underwater prison, of which, he'd been glad!
He turned a startled eye, but she didn't stop.
It had taken what felt like forever to manage to convince her to be with him, that it was serious and not just flirting, and she had given herself fully and even told him that she loved him...and then he had to fuck it up like he did everything!
He understood, he was a handful!
But she didn't....until she did.
“Sorry honey, baby makes me gassy.”
She just started to cry, “I don't want your pity Tony, towards me or yourself!  I just want you!  And I want you to love me!”
She smiled back, “Yeah......I think I can do that, if you behave yourself.”
He got no answer, so he cautiously approached with his wrist watch gauntlet ready to go!
When she was done slamming her shield into Tony's reactor she was only able to say one thing before dropping the shield, “Tony, I can't protect you from yourself...or your legacy...not anymore.”
She heard it from Tony and she blew the (excuse her french) fuck up!
Stephanie just froze for a second before laughing a little, smacking him upside the head, and then kissing him soundly!
She'd had enough!
He found that he was staring and forced his eyes up to hers.
“Jesus fucking Christ Tony!”
Several months later he got a feed, it came from some upset in Wakanda.  The image was blurry but was 65% certain to be hers.
She stopped him, “ENOUGH!”
The shield slammed to the ground and she lifted Bucky up and they walked away as Tony lay still.
Tony didn't know what to do, so he held still.
He woke up in bed the next day curled around her, she was sound asleep and he took the moment to drink her in, her beauty, her enlarged belly, she was so beautiful, so much more than he deserved!
“Steph, I'm so sorry, I can't begin to te...”
That broke him a little and he whimpered a little as he gently approached and took her into his arms, “I don't deserve you sweetheart, I never did...I never will.”
Ultron.....she'd avoided him since, they'd had a brief tryst recently because she was in heat but that was it.  And it broke him more than he was willing to admit to anyone, even himself.
Opening the door he found Stephanie.
STEVE
“I remember us being a little busy then.”
Tony turned. It was the teenage girl with the yellow nail polish who’d been behind the Best Buy checkout counter.
Tony closed his eyes completely and listened to her sensible low heels clack out of the room before the door closed. A moment later, the chair next to Tony’s bed was moving, and Steve was sitting in it, both of his hands wrapped around Tony’s right.
“I’m gonna pass,” said Bruce, “I don’t think we should risk the other guy showing up tonight.”
“A pleasure to meet you, ma’am,” said holo-Steve, holding out his hand.
CLINT points down main street in the opposite of the direction they’d originally come from. There is a giant, ominous green cloud closing in on the town like an unnatural dust storm.
, Tony,” Steve growled as he pressed back against Tony’s hands, moving himself in closer. “And anything I’ve ever done in my life that was worthwhile was hard.”
“Sorry, hon. We’ll just have to try again next year,” said Steve with a grin.
Hey Enchantress, 2004 called to say that even in 2004,
me, Steve, the pleasure really is all mine,” said holo-Jade, taking his outstretched hand, then placed her other hand on the outside of Steve’s own.
Steve chuckled, then said, “Somehow I think you’ll forgive me for this one day.”
To Tony’s surprise, it was Clint who took the bait first.
it’s about the meeting with General Murphy, asshole!” Rhodey shouted, “Do you know how much yelling I’ve taken today? How much gladhanding I had to do to convince the US military not to
These cookies will conquer the mightiest sweet tooth and leave you wishing you had more!
STEVE
, of course, you’d like to trade the scepter for it?” said Tony. “Perhaps, tomorrow at the Hammertech warehouse in Secaucus? You and me?”
Tony took a step away to be out of Steve’s reach.
” Tony snarled.
THOR reaches to his other hip and pulls an ordinary hammer out of his belt loop. He tosses it in his hand, then taps it against a stone, which reverberates with the familiar *clang* of a hit from mjölnir. THOR smiles, tosses his gun to CLINT, who starts using it, then flies off with the hammer towards the SHOOTERS. TONY hides uselessly behind a rock.
“That’s… wow, that’s the Guggenheim?”
“Uh…” said Tony articulately.
WHO IS HE?
OMG THERE'S FAN ART FOR THIS FIC NOW AAAAHHHH
their Dodgers. And the Giants and the Dodgers like them right back.”
“How about you sing first,” said Steve.
“Depends. Is that a yes on dinner?”
“Yeah, um… no thank you,” I say, because while I am titillated by the idea of the anthropomorphic manifestation of the Hulk containment floor slamming me with his huge rod (Or am I really? It might just be this floor’s current pulling me under), something tells me I’ll regret it later.
“Not without getting caught,” said Tony. “People tend to take pictures of Iron Man when he’s whizzing around Hoboken, and even if they didn’t, there’s a camera just outside the target.”
And then another spin.
“And ruin my imaginary tuxedo?”
very expansive. When touched, the feeling should be unmistakable.”
“I love you, Tony. I love you so much I can hardly breathe.”
The tsum tsuit.
“Did… do you think I did something?”
“No,” said Clint.
It sounds good on you.
Also, for assistive tech users, there's hidden text describing the comic pages in lieu of alt text.
Natasha chuckled a bit and said, “C’mon. If the universe stays in place after we’ve left it, we can go back to the Hot Topic and find something less terrible to wear. They’ve got to have band tee shirts and jeans, right?”
“What was on that list again?” asked Tony.
But to find their misplaced quarry: hidden somewhere was a phone,
Italian food is one of my favorite cuisines that I’ve discovered since I’ve come to Midgard, and the Foster family recipe book is a huge part of that. Jane’s family on her mother’s side is Italian (actually Sicilian — I’ve been told the distinction is important!). Her great-great-grandparents immigrated to America at the start of the twentieth century and settled in an Italian neighborhood outside of Philadelphia, and they've been passing down delicious recipes incorporating the taste of the old world with the available ingredients of the new world over five generations.
Crying on the subway is practically a rite of passage when you live in New York City, so Steve being ignored as he became a proper 21st century New Yorker is absolutely expected.
NATASHA
“Nice try, Justin, but you and I both know what kind of paperwork is kept in a secret safe behind a portrait. Natasha’s been reading through it as we’ve been driving. Was our intel good, Nat?”
ARGUMENTS FOR:
LIKELIHOOD VERDICT:
“If I reliably had no imagination whatsoever, where would I hide a safe?” Steve murmured to himself, before he noticed the giant portrait on the wall. He tugged at the corner, which swung aside to reveal the small safe behind it.
“Oh no. You don’t info-dump like that unless you really like what you’re talking about.”
“In my defense, there were
“We’ll keep that simple: main entrance with keycards,” said Tony.
Tony would’ve pointed out that they absolutely were
The man certainly doesn’t do things by halves.
“Can we stop talking about therapy actually?” said Tony, lying back on the bed. “I just— all I wanted tonight was to have some uncomplicated ‘Welcome home’ sex, not get reassured of my progress while I’m literally holding evidence to the contrary.”
“Because it was the only way to get us to stop fighting with each other. I told you about the list.”
Steve took a drink of water, then walked back over to hold the bag, as Nat started practicing her left hooks and high kicks.
But the air around them sizzled, as the setting cracked and fizzled,
“Thirty-seven times,” said JARVIS coolly.
It is a glorious day and you are now a terrible Hulk. What would you like to do first?
“And you’re starting the hat phase of your life with a baseball cap that says ‘Ask me about my fuck machines’,” said Bruce.
“Don’t sound so broke up about it, honey. It’s not you, it’s me,” quipped Tony, who had somehow managed to summon a hot soldering iron from thin air and was already focusing intently on a circuit board on his work table.
THOR runs outside into the street.
Tony went straight to the couch in his lab (which was functionally his bed these days) and passed out before he could even say anything to Jarvis. His last conscious thought was
Rated:
“None of it?” asked Steve tentatively.
“Mr. Stark! So kind of you to finally join us,” said the only other person in the room.
“We need a plan that doesn’t have a fourteen percent chance of us all being killed,” you say pointedly. Bruce nods with a sigh and crumples up the napkin, while Tony grumbles something about his suit and sixteen percent, which you will
.fake
Fight-friend Nat immediately runs for the hallway. You hear the other fight-friends shouting behind you but don’t pay any attention to what they’re saying. Nat gets to the end of the hallway, where there’s a small room with the doors already open. Nat runs inside, and you dive in after her.
Steve turned to his side as if to pick something up and added, “Um… they told me to bring some clothes and shoes for you when I came to pick you up. Unless you want to… to keep wearing what you’re wearing.
Tony finally reconnected to the part of his brain that contained his vocabulary and said, “Steve, the only way I’m getting back in the same universe as ‘ok’ is by ingesting a ludicrous amount of alcohol and inventing something spectacular while blackout drunk. And I know that means I’m losing the bet but it’s my one and only coping mechanism for a day this shitty and I am past the point of caring.”
“If we include the roof, the containment floor is in the center, but I don’t think that necessarily means it’s definitely there,” Tony continues, as he starts drawing concentric circles starting from the containment floor and working outwards. “We already know this artifact packs a kick, so it could hypothetically be anywhere.
You roll your eyes and say, “You remember I was there at that meeting where we brainstormed lies to tell Tony to get him out of his lab, right? You’re really going to use idea fourteen on me?”
The only reason Jack the Ripper got away was because he went after sex workers.
, why do I have to do
Tony looked into Steve’s eyes and saw a jumble of emotions: intent, want, apprehension, nerves, doubt, and a lot of hope. Most of all he saw Steve, holding his breath, willing Tony to give him a sign. And in the end, Tony always gave Steve anything he wanted.
And suddenly, Steve was signing with someone next to them.
“Get a team up to my office, now!” Hammer shouted at the security guards at the front desk, phone still to his ear.
“I had
“Maybe,” says Clint with a shrug. “Ok, not bad for an educated guess. We can keep our eye out for an evil-looking TV.”
Steve compared the video footage he’d seen of Maria with the painting in his mind. The woman in the painting was regal and crisp and a bit stiff. Maria had struck Steve as quiet and kind and a little sad.
they were friends now. And Steve crying in front of Tony at the poetry slam meant they were technically even. Anyway, they’d hung out enough to get to somewhere that was comfortable, where there was mutual respect and safety instead of animus and possible danger. And Tony knew now that even if one of them started acting like an idiot again (like by throwing a hissy fit over a musical about cats), they’d built up enough trust that they could work their way back to that equilibrium.
Damn, this is confusing.
The elevator doors open. You and the Avengers walk out into the tower’s gym. There is EXERCISE EQUIPMENT, a BOXING RING, a SNACK BAR, and TOWELS. There are two LOCKER ROOMS to the east and a SAUNA to the west.
So no, Tony Stark did not want to die. And that was why the moment he saw the first petals he coughed into his hand after another night he’d spent desperately wishing Steve were sleeping next to him, he knew he’d tell Steve right away. The most common of the three strains of Hanahaki disease was cured with just a confession. Tony gambled his life on much lower odds all the time.
“Maybe that’s why she’s not answering her comms, too embarrassed,” said Steve hopefully.
Who’d I take with me, Tony?
“Marissa. Marissa DeMarco,” she said.
“I take low odds all the time,” said Steve.
It feels fantastic.
floated unspoken between them.
“Who’s Joey Chestnut?”
” Tony wheezed. “I
“It’s fine,” said Steve. “I had to cross this off the list eventually, if we’re going to be completionists about it.”
CLINT
LIKELIHOOD VERDICT:
when I proposed to you.”
Steve’s lips were soft and warm. Dream Steve froze for a fraction of a second (???) and then he was kissing Tony back. He tasted like popcorn butter and Coca-Cola. (????)
WHO IS HE?
“Wait, what?” says Tony, as Nat and Steve studiously avoid eye contact with him.
“Hi Bruce. No there isn’t but… is your plant ok?”
in my recipes! Here you'll find everything from week-night dinners
, Rhodey. Everything I told you about how much he’s going to hate it, Steve’s heard it. He doesn’t care. I think it’s a point of pride now.”
“I want
I like cats.
Three weeks later, they were cuddling on the couch in Tony’s lab when Steve said, “Tony?”
Clint’s eyes flicked up to Tony’s hat and read the words on it. Then his face lit up like the goddamn fourth of July.
Steve felt a weight leave his shoulders he didn’t realize he’d been carrying, and it manifested in a smile on his face.
Tony scrunched his face and pinched the bridge of his nose.
Thank you for reading! If you've enjoyed the story, please leave a comment, it really does make my day.
“You love me too,” said Steve, and the bitterness had been replaced with hope, and somehow that was so much worse. But Steve knew Tony too well by now for Tony to try denying it.
out of singing in church, right? There’s a feedback loop there. It feels absolutely fucking fantastic when you’re giving it all you’ve got and the audience is eating out of the palm of your hand.”
“I can think of a few ways to warm you up quick,” said Tony as the suit wrapped its arms around Steve’s waist and blasted off, back toward the tower just as the sirens started closing in on the warehouse behind them.
- English, barely - Natasha Romanov, Steve Rogers, Tony Stark, Loki, Nick Fury, Gerard Way - Chapters: 6 - Words: 2235- Reviews: 32 - Favs: 1 - Follows: 7 - Updated: March 24, 2005 - Published: March 19, 2005 - Status: Incomplete - id: 1029802
You take a moment to choose your words and then say, “Thor, if I wanted to cast a fire spell, could I do it with a bottle of water?”
Tony felt a potent mix of disappointment and relief wash through him, and he said, “Good—”
“Why? Will you run away from me too?” said Tony.
(See the end of the chapter for
steve_rogers
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m here,” came Natasha’s voice. “And I’m alone.”
“I never do business with people I can’t look in the eye,” said Hammer. “Either you step out of the suit and we negotiate this like businessmen, or we see which one’s stronger: the suit, or the scepter.”
Tony took off the hat and read “Hammer Technology Incorporated.” He dropped it like it was made of fire ants.
“It’s not that I don’t, um, trust you all,” said Steve. “It’s just… this is new to me. I need time.”
Everyone is climbing over-large stairs. Natasha at the top climbs up a step. Tony behind her wipes sweat from his brow. Bruce behind him looks anxious. Steve from behind is posed with one foot on a stair above his, and is pointing upward.
“It’s... ok, yes, this is delicious, but let’s not lose sight of why we’re here.” — Steve
The next day, Tony came back to New York but was in his lab on a do-not-disturb order before Steve could get to him. So Steve went to the gym and started taking out punching bags, because what the hell else could he do? He wasn’t sure how long he was in there before he heard someone clear their throat behind him, he turned, and Natasha was standing there in padded gloves and work out clothes.
Tony raised his eyebrows and said, “That serious, huh?”
Note: this entire presentation is in all caps
“What is it, Jarvis?” asked Steve.
“It’s alright, Steve. Everything’s going to be alright,” said Tony.
“We pick the floor with the weakest pull and the least ridiculous clothes and we make a plan on how to search more granularly,” said Steve as he scratched at his waxy blue armor shirt.
“Yeah yeah, laugh it up, Mr. Creamy Goodness,” said Steve, which set off a brand new round of side-splitting laughter from them both.
the one who decided that meant, ‘keychain.’”
“I might have something for that,” said Steve.
“Yeah well…” said Tony, gesturing vaguely with his free hand.
because it's guarded by state-of-the-art StarkTech lasers and motion detectors that we also installed.
Wonderful. He’d pissed Nat off too.
, not your
“Told you,” said Natasha. “Now get the hell out of the building before anyone notices the switch.”
What?
“It’ll be faster if you’re not distracted,” said Steve. “Now go ahead, get racking.”
“Does Cap have a comm link yet?” asked Tony.
CallMeDarcy
Outfit: 5
“Pause. You’re uncomfortable now, but I’ll bet you’re feeling like you can’t say anything, right? That’s what the second hand and the long contact was for - setting her up to come in close while you feel like you can’t say ‘no’ now.”
“Nothing’s wrong, Tony,” said Steve.
And Tony could
In fact, he didn’t just have a filter. Everything Tony said went through a whole damn chemistry set: a filter, a centrifuge, a decanter,
“We’re getting nowhere. C’mon, I think the main character’s whoever gets out of the elevator first. Let’s go reset with me driving and see if we get better options,” he says.
And then the only reason why it registered as a choice at all was because he was less than an inch off the ground when he felt someone latch on to the back of the suit.
Tony had never been more grateful in his life that Bruce had the sense to know when to shut up.
“Oh no, I think I’ve earned this monologue, Anthony,” said Hammer with a sharp smile. “You see, when you hitch your wagon to the wrong horse and lose, nobody thinks, ‘Oh that poor guy, picked the wrong horse, honest mistake to make, no shame on him.’ No, everyone just sees a
“Oh my
“Why don’t you think you deserve the compliment?”
“Well, Tony, there isn’t one horse on earth faster than this one, and you and your little Avengers friends just got caught trying to sabotage the race. I cannot
“Oh, you’re still here,” he said quickly, “yeah, didn’t really need you. You can go.”
THOR (CONT'D)
A small smile breaks across CLINT’s face, and a moment later he’s caught the porch overhang and hoisted himself up on top of it.
, least of all who you are and what you’re capable of, Tony.”
me for Christ’s sake.”
>EXAMINE SNACK BAR
14. INT. SALOON - DAY
And then a dive.
Rated:
By then they were at the top of the escalator, and when Tony looked around everyone was staring at them.
“Magnificent! I like this tradition already.” said Thor, who immediately produced a flask from God knows where and took a swig.
Points for attempting a style with the hat and stripes, but I think he’d look better in leather.
“Tony, listen to me,” said Steve. “I’m sorry. The way we were, I will regret that for the rest of my life. But that was before I
“Goodbye, Tony,” said Steve, as he shoved his fists into his pockets and strode as quickly as he could toward the elevator.
"My Chemical Necromancer" is the second best turn of phrase in this fic, but I'd understand if you want to stop reading now and just ride that one out.
“We’ve got a problem in the third floor R&D lab, I need all available personnel to report there immediately,” said Frank over his walkie talkie, as he watched the little tv screen in terror.
“Weren’t you?” said Tony.
“IF U DO NOT KILL LOKI I WILL KILL U BOTH!!11” scremed Fury evily as he floo away.
PHILLIPS
even, not even a little bit, but Clint looked equal parts green with nausea and red from embarrassment, and Tony decided to drop it.
“C’mon, Nat,” Tony uttered like a prayer. “Please tell me you’re not stuck in a vent somewhere, I really don’t want to dirty up this suit crawling after you.”
“You’re very suggestible after we’ve… you know,” said Steve with a sheepish grin.
“Does anybody really know the answer to that?” said Steve.
(softly)
STEVE breaks off into a moan as TONY kisses his neck and presses his thigh between STEVE’s legs.
When Tony continued to fail to elaborate, Natasha got
“Distraction,” gritted Steve as he swept Tony’s legs successfully, “Jarvis, is there anything else going on in the city she could be distracting us from?”
A low, guttural growl escapes your lips.
CallMeDarcy
Is that you, Sheriff Rogers?
Some part of Tony knew that this should be freaking him out even more, but luckily, he seemed to have already reached his freak out capacity. So instead he closed his eyes and listened to Steve’s heartbeat. And he breathed. Eventually he felt his own heart rate finally to slow down. By the time they got back to the tower garage, Tony wasn’t hyperventilating anymore. And Steve was holding him close, stroking what was left of his hair.
Steve’s laugh was interrupted by Clint shouting down from the rafters, “Are you guys done flirting yet, or can we go? I have a title to defend in the annual Worst Knock-off Avengers Merchandise White Elephant Contest before everybody splits for the holidays.”
“Really? Ow! Yeah, of course,” says Steve. “Anyway, we didn’t want to bug you with details since you’re busy in the lab, but would you mind coming up to the party for a little bit, just to make an appearance?”
Wake Me Up Inside
“Is this about the meeting with General Murphy?” Tony asked weakly.
Steve got off the train one stop before the end, because something about going to the end of the line alone felt painful in a way Steve didn’t feel like examining closely. He walked back into the fog he’d been living in since Halloween and didn’t realize where he was going until he noticed the familiar sound of his feet hitting wooden boards.
“You are
YouKnowWhoIAm
Steve stepped on the escalator, and immediately sighed with relief. Tony was biting his lip so hard he thought he might draw blood. Bruce elbowed him in the ribs, and the following conversation took place just through their eyes and body language.
nice, expensive tie,” says Natasha as the elevator doors open.
“If I told you my phone’s been broken all day—”
I had made these cookies for the picnic, although they can certainly be enjoyed on any occasion. And it turns out that picnic was not quite cancelled. I was informed by my friend Bruce that the spirit of a Midgardian picnic is in consuming food somewhere outside your typical eating places. Not being Midgardian, I took him at his word, but I did have to nix his suggestion that we lay down the blanket in the tower’s elevator. Between myself and Steve, we simply wouldn’t fit! Then Steve suggested we take the elevator to the gym, but I really didn’t want a smelly gym to be the backdrop for eating sandwiches and
“Tony?” said Steve, and suddenly he sounded anxious. “Tell me I read this right.”
“Yeah.”
The elevator opened, and Tony took a step toward it. Then another. Then another. And when he was inside he chanced a look at Steve and— Tony had been through torture. This was worse.
Steve looked slightly relieved to hear him, but he was nonetheless starting to dig his fingers into the joints on the helmet, trying to pry it off him.
Is he dangerous?
ROGERS
“We’ve already discussed it, Sandra,” said Hammer, and his voice was icy.
“And you’re wearing it now because…” said Bruce, who obviously did not get the hint.
“I only invented it a week ago, but I tested it and it seems to work.”
“Yeah,” said Steve nonchalantly.
“You are
And a drink.
All in.
“Is it alright if I talk about it?”
They’d just come back from the Halloween parade and they were sitting next to each other at the kitchen island, eating reheated Thai food. Steve’s costume was in a heap on the table next to him, although the plastic mask was pulled up on his forehead. Tony was still in his costume, minus the helmet which was somewhere in the living room upstairs. And he was glaring at his phone and continually refreshing a webpage displayed on it.
Natasha put her hand on Bruce’s shoulder and said, “I always like you when you’re yourself.”
Puppeteer number two said nothing. He just slid right back down the ladder into the sewer. A moment later, Tony was forced to follow.
He was halfway to his tenth favorite bar (Natasha could probably find him in bars 1–9, but he hadn’t visited this bar since he was barely out of MIT) when something caught his attention. He was in the area where they’d been fighting earlier. The cop cars were gone, but there was still a wide, taped-off area surrounding the John Lennon Memorial in Central Park, effectively closing it off to foot traffic and curious bystanders. There had been something niggling at the back of his mind since the fight: why here? If the Puppeteer wanted the maximum number of puppets or eyeballs, he could’ve sent the teenage puppet to Times Square or Grand Central Station or hell, any train during rush hour. The John Lennon memorial might be a tourist trap, but it wasn’t good for
“I don’t know, Steve. I know this works, right now. I love living with everyone here in the tower. I just… I can’t rule out that something’ll change one day. What if everyone else quits? What if the government tries to stop us from doing hero work? What if our ‘maybes’ turn into ‘yeses’ and it doesn’t work having a kid living here with the rest of the team, for us or for them? Or what if we just… want to do something else?”
High crane shot view of the town. There’s the sound of a gunshot. Crows that had been roosting in the CLOCK TOWER all take flight. The shot echoes all around the valley, so it’s like we’re hearing it over and over again.
, and I can strike you down in plenty of ways that aren’t with lightning!”
“That doesn’t sound like anything about the artifact,” says Thor.
Clint grinned broadly and immediately got to work writing something out on his phone. Tony lunged for it.
Just kidding (or am I?).
No, boys, you're supposed to talk, not kiss! How are you so bad at talking!?
“Thor and I are in position,” said Clint. “What about you, Widow?”
“I’d never be weird about something like that, Tony,” sed Seve all blushing bcause he’s closeteded (AN: AN: don’t u fik gay guyz r lik so hot! HOMOSOPES FUCK OFF!!!!!)
“I’m going to have to beat up my boyfriend, aren’t I?” said Natasha.
“It’s not like you to be quiet,” said Steve.
“Thank you, Clint,” says Thor without a shred of irony.
Check her out on
“That still doesn’t take care of the guards at the front desk,” said Steve. “What if they notice?”
As Tony’s arms moved over to the manhole cover and placed it over his head, surrounding him in the dark, horrible-smelling, dankness of the NYC sewer system, all he could think was thank God he’d put the SIM card back in his phone, so the team could track his location.
“Where’s Steve’s shield?” asked Tony as the armor finished assembling around him.
Nope!
“Her boss is
“I mean, it’s a Tingler. It could be in his butt,” says Tony. “I’m sure he’d let Bruce search him for it.”
Couldn't resist putting in a reference to another fic of mine. If you're looking for something fun to read while waiting for the next update, check out
“Open doors for anyone you like at the coffee shop, but don’t do it at the tower for people who can’t show you their badge,” said Tony, “and when someone at a party starts fixing your lapel, don’t forget it’s
Tony’s company for a change. Why hadn’t they done this sooner?
5. INT. BRIDGE
Both Steve and I had to physically restrain ourselves from continuing to rattle off names of badass Americans until we died. Names that I had to cut from the list for brevity include Frank Bowe, Martin Luther King Jr., Rosa Parks, Dorothea Dix, Elizabeth Cady Stanton, the suffragettes who got arrested and force-fed through their hunger strikes, Stokely Carmicheal, Lucretia Mott, Medgar Evers, Alice Wong, Marsha P. Johnson, the participants in the Capitol Crawl, Sojourner Truth, Jacob Riis, Ed Roberts and the Rolling Quads, Miss Major, Harriet Tubman, and you know what I could keep going but if any of those names are unfamiliar to you, you should look them up.
“Not funny, Steve,” said Tony.
STEVE
“Do you really want to—”
Tony came over to find Steve a few minutes later. “Ready?” he asked.
Tony said nothing. His brain was already eight tracks deep into processing surprise, theorizing which buttons were on Steve’s shirt, and thinking of how he could support Steve. He didn’t come out of it until they were in their place in the parade line, and he felt a nudge at his side.
Mmy name is Natasha Nigtshade Blood’ness Vampira Way Romanov an I am a goth fampire and I hav a hot boyfriend & we r in luuuurrrrvvvvv
Tony tapped his tablet and in an instant, Sandra’s kind, professional smile was replaced by the face of a smarmy-looking businessman in a blue suit jacket.
Steve couldn’t really say why he ended up in the Bronx at the tail end of the D line. Maybe it was spite, because if the world was going to keep pretending like it hadn’t stopped spinning on October 31st then dammit, he would too. Maybe he was seeking closure. Maybe it was just to get the hell out of the tower. But the thing that felt closest to true was that there was a part of his life that had been cut off and he wanted to feel it again, even if it meant being in pain. So Steve got on the subway at 205th street, picked a corner seat and tried to find the strength to open the Strand bag he’d brought with him.
Steve’s gaze passed over the bedroom and landed on a model rocket perched on the bedside table. He remembered Tony being excited to build it, and explaining to Steve the ins and outs of it. But that wasn’t all, Tony had wanted to build a life-sized version of it and Steve had looked at him strangely then. But now Steve desperately hoped that he would do so. It was funny how things suddenly came into perspective when faced with certain death, he thought suddenly. He took one look around, before switching off the lights and leaving the room.
“Oh! I almost forgot. I wanted you to have this,” he said, turning back to face Steve, with a key in his hand. A key to his apartment. “This is all yours, Your Highness.” He bowed dramatically before giving it to Steve.
care about this so much.” Steve emphasized the ‘I’ and pointed at himself. “That’s not why I want to do this. I want to help them! I don’t care about the publicity. And so what if other people do? The morals involved might be different, but they are still helping at the end of the day, right? Someone’s still getting the money, right? What’s so wrong with that?” Steve countered.
“Bucky!” Steve cheered, waving his small hand excitedly at the boy. “How are you? Which round is it this time?” he inquired.
“Uh huh,” Tony said, in a tone which implied he didn’t believe Steve at all.
Steve suddenly thought to himself. He went to the bedroom, uselessly hoping that he would find Tony there, sleeping soundly, unharmed and oblivious, that all of it had been just a horrible nightmare. No one was there though. Tony’s bed was empty, all perfectly made as it was every morning after Tony got up. Steve suddenly wished it wasn’t so. He wanted to see it wrinkled up, as if Tony had just gotten up and gone to the bathroom, and he would come out any minute. But the lights switched off in the bathroom told a different story.
“Tony, I know I’ve said this before, but-” Steve started, a little unsure.
Steve’s nurse suddenly turned to look at him. “Oh, I almost forgot.” She grinned at him. “Your father has arranged a private screening of the latest Star Wars movie for you! Right here in the hospital! That’ll cheer you right up, won't it? Come on, let’s go!” she said enthusiastically, as she helped him into the wheelchair.
“Well,” Tony said, trying to think. “I think someone should only say it if they mean it, and I don’t think someone can mean it casually. I mean, think about it, you are professing your love for somebody. That’s a pretty big deal. I think if you trivialize it, it loses its meaning, it loses its sanctity. If you want it to be special, then save it for when you mean it.”
“Yeah,” Tony said, calming down a little. “So no, I don’t want your money, Steve. I don’t want your donations, like what you’re doing for those hospitals. It’s all performative. You people feel guilty about your money and then you try to reduce it by throwing money at things. I don’t want it!” Tony looked away as he tried to compose himself.
“No it’s just...that’s what you people do, right? You throw money at things to try to make yourself feel better,” Tony said bitterly.
“You don’t,” the person said in a simple tone. “But you also don’t really have a choice, do you? What
“Tony, get away from the door! Now!” Steve screamed, fear evident in his voice.
“I’m on the way, but I want Tony released right now,” Steve demanded, growing angry at the nonchalant tone of the person’s voice. “And I want proof of it,” he added.
Steve chuckled lightly before remembering himself. He closed the drawer with a sigh, got out a pen and got down to business.
“Hold on, how do you know I’ve been standing here for two hours? Have you been watching me this whole time?” Steve asked wide-eyed. He began walking down towards the entrance of the cemetery, leaving Tony with no other option than to follow along.
know me any better,” Steve pointed out to him. “So.”
“It… might have been mentioned a couple of times,” Steve acknowledged, a little embarrassed. He smiled at Tony, before flopping down on the bed again.
!” He tried to manage a laugh, but it came out like a cough in between his tears. “How morbid! You know, we should really change the whole setting and the vibe and everything when telling people how we met. Let’s come up with a cooler story.” He smiled a little, before realizing and his smile dropped. “I mean...
He flipped through every option he had, but all of them landed on one outcome - Tony possibly being injured, or worse, dead. The person on the phone had seemed pretty firm about that. He took a deep breath, and then allowed the one thought which he had kept at bay into his head. He had to give himself up. He had to. There was no other choice.
, he thought to himself. Wild, sarcastic, passionate, intelligent Tony. Steve didn’t know anyone who deserved a better life than Tony. It pained him whenever he would see Tony start to talk about the latest idea that he had, with such passion, with such fervor, only for it to just remain an idea. But Steve could change that, damn it! He turned to look at the horizon. It was starting to get dark, though he could still see a faint mist covering the buildings. He could see his office building in the distance. His father had invested millions into it to make it as fancy as possible, and that was plainly visible from where Steve was standing. He had to do something, he thought firmly. He at least had to try. With that in mind, he turned to Tony.
“Good.” Bucky nodded approvingly. “Don’t forget to eat so you’ll get bigger too,” he added.
“Go on a date with me,” he said suddenly, interrupting Tony. He was a little nervous, but he knew what he wanted. He wasn’t sure about a lot of things, but he was damn sure he wanted this.
“For what?” The guy scoffed. “Jeez, I know you’ve been standing here for about two hours now, but you don’t need to apologize to me. That’s ridiculous,” he added quietly. “Everyone grieves differently.”
“What? No, it’s fine.” Steve chuckled and sat down.
“I mean, it isn’t called the City of Love for nothing. Seems like the perfect place,” Tony said softly, propping himself up on his elbows.
my life for yours. This isn't a game!
he thought bitterly. But maybe he didn’t want to be someone who became oblivious to the world - to the real world, not this… fantasy that his father had tried to create for him. Maybe he didn’t want to be someone who capitalized off of people’s problems. Maybe he wanted to help people solve those problems -
he do it? Tony had done nothing wrong. Tony was in this situation because of
“No! I mean, no, it’s fine, we can go and sit down,” Steve said, hopeful. “I mean, if that’s what you want,” he added quickly.
“No.” Steve shook his head. “Cancel the event.”
“Steve, wait a minute.” Someone stopped him. He turned around to see Margaret, one of the board members, along with Gerard. Both sported disapproving faces.
“Ooh, France!
“You’re lying,” Steve breathed out, though his voice betrayed a hint of doubt.
It was the same as it ever was, as though nothing was different, and he was just visiting Tony for dinner as he did every Friday night, as was their ritual. If he wanted he could just imagine Tony inside the apartment, trying to cook something but failing miserably, and trying to hide the disaster as Steve walked in. Tony would then act as if he had decided on take-out all along and would bat his eyes innocently at Steve.
“Hey! Let me go!” he screamed out. No one answered but he could feel the guy behind him making quick work of tying up his hands. When that was done, the person started pulling him towards what he thought was the building, though he had no way of knowing since his eyes were covered by what felt like a cloth mask. He briefly thought of kicking out his legs but his captor tightened his hands on him, suspecting the same. He stumbled upon some steps and walked up gingerly. The wind stopped making noise and he realized he was inside.
“Sure.” Tony smiled. They left the counter and made their way over to a table. Several people turned to look at Steve, but no one was brave enough to come near, thanks to his bodyguard who had a mean glare plastered on his face.
Steve reached the entrance and hesitated a little, before turning to look at Tony. “Well, my car is waiting. So… I’ll see you around?” It came out as more of a question.
“I’m happy for you, Steve,” she said softly. “You deserve this. He seems like a great guy.”
of you. You know these coffees can have anything in them right?” Tony said, suddenly putting on a serious expression. “I mean, it’s all very shady back there in the kitchen. I’ve tried to check. Who even knows how old this milk is? Or what
“Yeah, see you around, Steve.” Tony smiled a little before turning around and joining the footpath.
people. I thought rich people had their own
Steve stood there for a moment. “Do you know why I’m doing this, Tony? Why my father started doing this?” He waited until Tony was looking at him before continuing. “As a child, I was… sick often. I went to the hospital a lot. I learnt a lot there during my visits,” he said quietly. “I learnt about privilege. I learnt about friendship. I learnt that not everyone has what I have, that I should be grateful. I met some of the most pure-hearted people in the world, people who had absolutely the bare minimum, but still wanted to give,” he said, tears in his eyes. “I watched as I was given more attention than them. I was given priority over them, and it made me feel absolutely horrible. It still does.” His voice was breaking, but he continued. “I vowed never to do that. That’s why I’m doing this. But you’re right, it did feel a little shallow before. The whole event, giving money to the hospitals. That’s why I’m directly going to the patients now,” he explained. “Instead of donating to the hospitals, which, who knows if they even used it for what we intended, I’m giving pro-bono cases a boost by directly helping the patients,” he said, smiling.
“Apparently they can…” Tony said with a sardonic smile, his voice breaking a little.
“This is the
“So,” Natasha said, leaning in, all business-like. “What do you think of Steve?”
Steve laughed a little before remembering something. “Did you… uh, I sent you a message…” He trailed off, his voice unsure.
“We were talking about this before you came along. And I’m really interested to hear your opinion. What do you think is the perfect time to say those three magic words?” Clint asked Tony.
“I see. How...nice of you,” Tony said, in a way that suggested he thought it was anything but nice.
“Of course,” Tony scoffed. “I’m always prepared. What do you take me for?” he said confidently, though his voice betrayed a hint of nerves.
he would have said. It was his father who had dragged him along to prepare his will the minute he had agreed to take over the company.
Steve stared at the flowers near the grave intently. They were wilted, past their prime, their vibrant colors turned into pale echoes of the past. Steve could quite relate to them, he thought suddenly with a sardonic smile. He had been feeling like a pale echo of the past himself. How funny. Shaking out of his reverie, he turned to look at the flowers in his hand. They were brand new, still in their prime. Bunched in his hand, they were proudly showing off their own rainbow-like petals, oblivious that they awaited the same fate as their dead counterparts near the grave.
A while later, they were laying on the bed, faces next to each other. Tony suddenly sat up, remembering something, and turned towards the bedside table.
“Hey, it’s me. You’ll probably get this after… everything. I just wanted to say… I’m so proud of you Tony.” Steve’s voice had turned hoarse and he could barely manage speaking. “I’m so proud of everything you’ve achieved. You’ve done so much, even when you got a shitty deal in life. But look at you now! Two patents and three releases under your belt, and many more to come. I’m so constantly amazed by you, Tony. Your passion for what you love, your ambition for what you want, and your perseverance to achieve it, I’ve learned so much from you. And that is also the reason why I fell for you. Remember that first time when you told me the ideas that you had? You left me awestruck, and I’ve never been the same since. You know, I never told you this, but life had become boring for me. I was going through the motions, not really interested in anything. But then somehow I… found you. And you made me want to live again, Tony. You made me realize the beauty in small things, the value of a laugh, just… how to
“Stop, turn around,” he told the driver, and gave him the new address. Tony’s apartment. It wasn’t far from his own home, maybe a short ten minute ride. He wanted to see it one more time, take in the coziness of it, before he went and potentially got himself killed.
