“Sherlock,” he groaned breathlessly in need as the man on top of him gyrated against him with brilliant rhythm.
It was a sound that John had missed sorely in the two years that Sherlock had been gone. Sometimes, in the depressing late evenings, alone to drown in his loss, John would imagine the soft notes that talented, long fingers would have played. They would haunt his nights, accompanying the images of Sherlock’s dead body.
He wasn’t aware of such a fact until he was completely naked beneath his flat mate, along with the realization that Sherlock himself was still very much clothed. Following his instincts, the ones that always made him want to give more than he received, he took a hold of Sherlock’s dress shirt, but Sherlock nipped at John’s bottom lip and took his hands in his own to place them above John’s head. “It’s okay,” he whispered into the doctor’s mouth, his words vibrating within his throat. “Let me do this for you.”
John also hated the way he couldn’t immediately decline the offer, because having Sherlock helping him take a shower was an even worse idea than them kissing heatedly on the sofa. The problem was, John was suddenly re-imagining that kiss and how much pleasure had racked his body while his flatmate took control of the situation. Then he was thinking about how Sherlock would take control of the this situation, them being in the shower together, naked skin on skin, lost in the steam. John was already becoming flush before anything had the chance to start. What the hell had Sherlock done to him?
Sherlock nodded to agree with the statement, and changed his phrasing. “Why did you feel the need to go to the pub last night?”
It was a testament to how talented Sherlock was in his caresses and what his mere presence did to John, that John didn’t come back into awareness until he was engulfed by soft, warm blankets. He didn’t have to open his eyes for Sherlock to know when he became aware of his surroundings again. “Feeling better?”
“I called Sarah early this morning to say that you were feeling ill, so don’t worry about work,” he successfully read the stress in his flatmate alongside all the other things going wrong in him. It wasn’t the deduction of John’s concern that was surprising. What was surprising was 1. He remembered Sarah’s name, and 2. He had bothered to call John’s work at all. “So you can take today and the weekend getting out of the ‘funk’ of yours.” There was a slight sneer at the use of the slang term, but it was overpowered by the detective’s overall concern.
John dropped his head into his hands. Of course Sherlock thought he was broken. He could deduce those type of things. It wasn’t even a new development. John had been broken for years, even before meeting Sherlock.
Then one evening, about a week later something finally became more. John was in his chair watching TV inattentively and Sherlock was perched on the sofa, fingers clasped under his chin. During a commercial, the detective regally pushed himself off the cushions and in an instant was on the doctor. His strong but lanky legs straddled John, diving in for a heated kiss.
By the time John had caught up to Sherlock, the man had the murderer backed into an alleyway, rallying off his deductions without seeming to worry about the gun pointed at the center of his chest. A second before the shot rang out, John was bull-rushing his flat mate, knocking him onto the hard cement while the bullet grazed his shoulder.
“We are going too fast,” Sherlock finished, gracefully removing himself from his lap. There was something in the air that made John think he should explain himself, give further explanation for stopping their...fun. But Sherlock didn’t find further explanations necessary. His expression became once again that stoic mask that he was so fond of wearing. “I understand. Of course you need time. You’ll need to process this information. We can try again tomorrow.”
It reminded him of how the flat used to be, peaceful amidst the chaos and strain of living with Sherlock Holmes. He could remember the way his flatmate looked standing near the window that oversaw the bustle of London, majestic with his instrument in his delicate but strong hands. Those sad, sweet notes were of a time that John could never get back. Those times had died the moment the detective’s body had jumped from St. Bart’s, and not even the miracle of resurrection could bring them back.
“You drank after work because of what I said the previous night,” the detective stated knowingly, and John didn’t argue. There was no point in trying to hide from the brilliant observations. To deny the facts would simply encourage the man to dig deeper into his findings.
He came out reluctantly when the water began to lose it’s heat, and took his place in his seat. It didn’t take long after settling into the cushions uncomfortably, John could feel Sherlock step behind him, staring intently as he was prone to do. Only this time, Sherlock was unsure, the nerves clear in the air.
Brilliant, indescribable eyes peered at him and it was like there was a sun beaming down. The moment their gaze met, one lit in wonder and the other blown wide in arousal, the touches became more demanding, wrapping around his length in urgency and passion.
It was said like one of his observations, but John took it for the question that it was meant to be. “Yes,” he moaned as his back hit the doorframe of the bedroom.
Despite all the times they had kissed and Sherlock had rendered him a senseless mess, John’s mind still tried to send off warning bells. The warnings weren’t coherent, just flashes of emotions that shook John from the inside, but they weren’t loud enough to keep him from moaning and arching into the touch.
He looked down at John, his eyes soft as he took in his flatmate's state, brows furrowed at what he was able to deduce. Awkward, but having made his decision, Sherlock lowered himself to sit at the edge of the bed and caressed the sweaty locks of hair from John’s forehead.
With just the slightest indication that he was awake and aware was enough for Sherlock to loom over him to peer studiously into John’s expression. It was a bit intimidating to have the detective hover him, but the shower had lulled John into a sense of security that he couldn’t deny even if he wanted to.
So, determined to appease his detective, to hold onto him at least a little bit longer, John answered by closing the distance between them and landing a soft kiss on velvet lips.
It was amazing to hear such a realization from Sherlock, expressing more emotion than he had ever allowed before. In the brightness of say, John might have been able to appreciate more fully Sherlock’s admission, but in the vulnerable, depressing night, John couldn’t handle it. “I’ll be fine Sherlock. Please let me sleep.”
“Obviously,” John murmured, so low that most wouldn’t have been able to hear even from a close distance, but Sherlock did not. There was nothing that could fix John.
He could hear Sherlock shuffle about in the living room, but John did his best to ignore outside distractions.
“Yes, well,” Sherlock stuttered unsurely, “I guess that doesn’t erase the last two years. I...I,” he struggled to find the phrase. “It has come to my understanding that my being back doesn’t mean we can just go back to the way things were. That we,...that we have to rebuild what we had.”
“Of course,” John replied anyways. Because as much as he still didn’t fully believe that this would actually fix him, it was definitely a start.
The truth was much more meaningful than that. With Sherlock, John had a purpose. He had someone to take care of and to protect. He may not have been the hero of the story, but he was damn glad to be the trusted sidekick. Because with that sense of purpose, all those things that had broken him apart had suddenly mended.
The case had been simple for Sherlock to deduct, observing within the minutes who the killer was. Unfortunately, since the solving the crime had been too easy, Sherlock had taken it upon himself to go after the serial murderer personally, leaving Scotland Yard out of the loop. With absolutely no care towards his own safety, Sherlock chased after the impulsive killer who had a fully loaded gun in his hand and prepared to shoot the second Sherlock was close enough to take aim.
There's a full moon, which is good. When he's clear of the trees he can see the path in front of him and pick up the pace, running faster, running harder. But it’s also creepy because for all that he
At these times, at arse o’clock in the morning, when he thinks if he stares at the ceiling of this bedroom any longer he’ll go stark staring mad, he goes running. At the very least it exhausts him so that he can’t think anymore. He can close his eyes and not see flesh being torn apart by bombs or by sharp teeth, ripping and shredding, and
When he returns to his room he stands at the foot of the bed and looks at the sleeping figure. Sherlock’s managed to spread out over the corner of the mattress John had been relegated to, but John’s still tempted to climb back in. To lift a limb or two and crawl back into the warmth of the bed, of Sherlock’s unconscious embrace.
“Really, Sherlock?” John says only, and closes his mouth very firmly against any further sarcasm. Anger stirs again in his chest, tightening in his throat. He has a feeling that if Sherlock just says the wrong thing, this could go badly for everyone. Sherlock is Sherlock and if he hasn’t got it by now, no amount of yelling at him will change anything.
John still runs. But he’s longer running to escape his demons—and when he’s ready, he turns around and runs home to 221B Baker Street, and to Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock sits back in his armchair and crosses his legs, his mug of tea now held carelessly in the hand that rests on the arm of the chair. Sherlock’s mouth twists.
John’s hands clench and he carefully sets the mug down beside his chair before he spills the tea. Bit rich of Sherlock expressing concern now, when it’s his fault, it’s
Sherlock looks up from his book. “Ah,” he says, and smiles, not one of his self-satisfied ones, or his gloating ones, but something softer, something John only sees occasionally, and only directed at him.
John feels his left hand being gathered up. There’s a sensation—a washcloth being gently wiped across his torn skin. So gently that John squints his eyes back open just to check that Sherlock hasn’t been replaced by somebody else, somebody not-Sherlock. Sherlock’s eyes flick upwards to meet his and his mouth quirks in a way that looks apologetic, and then he’s looking down again and putting John’s hand down, picking up the other and repeating his actions. John closes his eyes again.
Sherlock’s hesitation is almost palpable, even in the darkness, but then he’s moving off the bed. For a moment John thinks he’s leaving. Disappointment churns in his stomach. But then there’s a draft as the bed clothes are lifted and Sherlock’s getting into bed, lying next to John, lying very still as though he’s not sure what he’s supposed to do now.
Sherlock goes around to the other side of the bed. He hesitates for a moment and John wonders if he’s got it wrong, that this isn’t something Sherlock wants, but then Sherlock shrugs out of the dressing gown he’d been wearing and slides under the covers. He lies down immediately and appears content to just watch John sipping his tea.
Sherlock’s across the room and out the door before John can say anything else. He’s about to sit up—get up—when Sherlock sticks his head back in the door. “The advantages of a good night’s sleep apparently don’t extend to increased mental acuity in your case.”
him—platonically, of course, but that doesn't mean it's not a big deal, even for Sherlock. Maybe especially for Sherlock. He knows Sherlock well enough now, from the things Sherlock’s said and from the hints Mycroft’s dropped, his sly allusions, to know that this isn’t something Sherlock does.
John’s left sat alone with his bandaged hands and the dregs of his cold tea. “It’s Greg,” he says to the empty flat.
He’ll get up in a minute, he tells himself. He can’t seem to bring himself to move. Before he can completely sink into a stupor though, Sherlock starts to fidget. “You’re not going.”
Sherlock sits down cross-legged on the floor and contemplates the device in front of him. After several minutes John looks up again to find Sherlock watching him. John smiles at him and looks down at his screen again.
“You should go back to bed,” Sherlock says abruptly. “You’re tired and we’re going out later. I need you to be alert and paying attention, at least as much as you’re capable of.”
John really, really should put his foot down about this. Give Sherlock an inch and he takes a bloody mile. Every damn time. But John’s feeling better than he has in long time, longer than he can remember. He feels rested; his head is clear and he feels… he feels… It’s been so long it takes him a minute to recognise the sensation. He feels all right.
The grazes sting sharply, but John focuses on the warmth of the water, the feel of Sherlock’s fingers still clasped around his own, because Sherlock hasn’t let go. John glances up, but Sherlock isn’t looking at him. Sherlock is staring intently at their joined hands. After a couple of minutes go by like that, Sherlock still hasn’t said anything, still hasn’t moved. There’s no sound in the flat apart from the muffled noise of the morning traffic in the street below. John briefly considers making a snarky comment—something about how Sherlock’s fingers will get all pruny if he keeps them there—but he finds he doesn’t want to break the spell. His eyes drift closed, and when Sherlock finally lets go, John doesn’t move. Sherlock’s in charge of this, whatever it is.
He knows that because his cheek is resting against something warmer and firmer than his pillow and his arm is also wrapped around something warm, something that’s rising and falling slightly, and John’s not really awake, but he knows who it is immediately. He’s comfortable and doesn’t want to move. So he doesn’t. He lies there, breathing in unison with his bed companion, wondering at his lack of inclination to move. He could easily drift back to sleep, he thinks.
Someone’s calling his name. Through the screams and the gunfire he can hear someone calling for him. Someone needs him. He takes a deep breath and then another, and another. Someone needs his help. He can do this.
And actually, a cup of tea wouldn’t go down badly now anyway. He sighs. “Go put the kettle on,” he says. He swings his legs of the side of the bed and rubs his eyes.
John yawns. He turns on his side towards Sherlock and reaches out to pat Sherlock on the arm. “Go to sleep,” he says, and within minutes is asleep himself.
John wonders if he’s deduced the location due to the type of dirt and crap still embedded in his palms or he’s just assuming John would go to the closest park to them. Makes sense. The fences are easy enough to get over and no one really cares about people being in there after closing as long as they don’t bother the swans.
He can’t remember the last time he got a good night’s sleep. He doesn’t see the point in trying to self-medicate, or meditate, or any of the other remedies he’s tried. If they didn’t work for his regular nightmares, the ones where he’s back in the desert, the ones where he watches his friends getting blown up over and over, the ones where he wakes up with his hands twitching with the urge to grab his gun, to end the hell once and for all, to blow his goddamn brains out, they’re hardly going to work for this new fun addition to his list of horrors.
He reaches for his mug now, suppressing a wince as he grasps the handle and raises it to his lips, but he knows Sherlock’s seen it. Sherlock can deduct the shit out of the smallest clue a thousand miles away with one eye closed and high as a kite on recreational drugs. The apparently undivided attention he appears to be giving John now seems unnecessary, or possibly just pointed.
John stares at Sherlock incredulously. Either this is one of those giant blind spots Sherlock occasionally inexplicably has or he’s in major denial. Or perhaps he’s deleted it.
One afternoon John comes home to find a disassembled IED on the floor of the living room. There’s no sign of Sherlock. He stares at the device for a long moment and then goes and makes himself a herbal tea. He sits down with his laptop to respond to some emails, ignoring the detonator a metre away from his foot.
John flops back against his pillow. “Sherlock,” he says evenly, up into the darkness. “Why are you lurking in my bedroom?”
He’d thought he was mostly over it, in the light of day, when he’s rested, when he’s sitting across from Sherlock at the breakfast table. He eats his bacon and eggs while Sherlock looks down his nose and talks about the dangers of high cholesterol as though John doesn’t know; it’s not like he’s a doctor or anything. John mostly ignores him except to roll his eyes when Sherlock steals the best bit of bacon. He’s fine when they’re working some new case that sends them racing across London. He’s fine when he’s grinning at Sherlock exchanging insults with Anderson or Donovan at a crime scene while Lestrade looks like wants to wash his hands of the lot of them.
It’s not rational, he knows that, but if Afghanistan taught him anything it's that the mind isn’t always rational. It doesn’t matter that he wasn’t really in danger. It doesn’t matter that it was the chemicals. It doesn’t matter that it was only the once and he knows it won’t happen again.
John’s about to tell Sherlock just what he thinks about his flatmate’s sudden embracing of basic courtesy, when it occurs to him that there’s something off about Sherlock’s claim—not that he’s not perfectly capable of pulling a stunt like this—but there’s something about his tone…. Is Sherlock actually worried about him?
John opens his eyes. Sherlock’s looming over him, studying him. Sherlock’s fully dressed and his hair looks damp and windblown as though he’s been out somewhere. John hadn’t even noticed him leave. He’s been sitting his chair, his mind angrily bellowing to get up, while his body refuses, leaden and exhausted.
“No. No, I don’t. I have no idea what is going on here. What do you mean you’ve invested a lot of time into this project?”
“Technically, you were holding my hand,” Sherlock says. “You were flailing in your sleep and knocking my keyboard, disrupting my work, so I took hold of your hand to keep it still. It soon became apparent that this was exerting a calming influence on you, so I merely maintained hold of your hand to assist you to achieve a good night’s sleep.”
John swallows to make sure his throat will work. His voice comes out rougher than usual when he says...“Did you do it on purpose?”
Sherlock’s holding his own tea up to his mouth, his long pale fingers wrapped around the mug, and he appears to be looking for the secrets of the universe within it. “What makes you say that?”
“No!” Sherlock looks genuinely horrified. “Mycroft sent it over. It was for a case. You can ask him if you don’t believe me.”
“Yes, really,” Sherlock says, patiently for him. His eyes flicker over John, no doubt cataloguing John’s micro-expressions for all he tries to keep his face blank, cataloguing the way John’s hands flex as they try to close into fists, the way his leg is starting to tremor in a prelude to a bout of jittering.
The sudden urge startles him enough that he takes a step back. Where did that come from? What are they doing here?
John thinks about Sherlock, about his life now, about how surprisingly not-weird it feels to be sharing a bed with Sherlock. Every other aspect of his life revolves around Sherlock—why not this too? The simple fact that Sherlock is here at all would seem to indicate he feels something similar.
Sherlock reappears in front of him. John holds out his hand to take the first aid kit, but Sherlock doesn’t hand it over; instead, he pulls his own chair closer and sits down in front of John. He picks up a bowl from the floor and puts it on his lap, and then holds out his hands. Bemused, John puts his own hands in Sherlock’s. Sherlock draws them towards himself, surprisingly gently for Sherlock, and then submerges them in the bowl of warm, cloudy water. The familiar, comforting smell of Dettol finally impinges on John’s senses. How lost in his thoughts was he that he didn’t notice Sherlock getting that?
“I managed to occupy my time constructively.” Sherlock taps out a last staccato burst of typing and then closes the lid decisively. John is extremely unsurprised to note that it’s his laptop. “Tea?”
“Look, I appreciate your efforts, but a few nights staying up to keep me company….” Sherlock’s expression changes. It’s barely a flicker before his expression smooths out again, but it stops John’s building outrage in its tracks. “It wasn’t just a few nights, was it?” he says slowly.
John gives a long luxuriant stretch of his body, pleasantly surprised about the lack of twinges or aching joints.
And Sherlock had seemed to understand at the time when John had explained why he was so pissed off. He’d even seemed just the tiniest bit contrite, although John wasn’t ruling out wishful thinking on his part. But it had been the first time Sherlock had admitted to such a pedestrian feeling as friendship. For John. That was a huge step forward, John had thought. He’d thought it was enough. Apparently his subconscious hadn’t got the message.
He’d thought he was over the incident. That he wasn’t angry at Sherlock anymore. Sherlock had been affected by the mind-altering drug as well and it had unnerved him in a way John hadn’t realised the man was capable of. He’d told himself that it had affected Sherlock’s judgement, that even Sherlock wouldn’t deliberately drug his best friend—someone already suffering from PTSD—with a hallucinogenic weapon designed to induce terror in its victims. Not even Sherlock could be that irresponsible, that cruel.
That lasts until he gets upstairs and sees Sherlock. The thundercloud above his head is barely metaphorical.
“At,” John fumbles for his phone and turns on the display, “three o’clock in the morning,” he says incredulously.
It's nearby. He can't see it clearly, can only catch glimpses, and it keeps moving, but it's close. He can hear it. He can smell it. He turns sharply, to confront it, but it's gone. Something rustles behind him and he turns again, trips, scrambles backward until his back hits something… railings…. God, it’s a fence. He’s trapped. It's closer now. He still can't tell where, can only huddle, helpless, as it comes toward him—the snap and snarl, the glowing red eyes, the hot breath, the meaty, rotten stench of it…
His hand is being wrapped gently in a towel now and John takes the hint and lifts his other hand out of the water. Sherlock wraps that one up too and John hears the creak of the chair. He opens his eyes to see Sherlock leaning over to place the bowl on the floor. He sits up again and rummages in the first aid box, pulling out the antibiotic spray and a couple of the sterile bandages. He holds them up triumphantly. John nods in approval and watches with a distant sense of wonder as Sherlock Holmes carefully sprays the antibiotic over his wounds and then, picking up first one hand and then the other, carefully covers the areas with the large adhesive bandages.
Sherlock makes a dismissive noise and flings himself into his chair. Everything’s so dramatic with Sherlock. John’s tempted to close his eyes again but he can feel Sherlock’s eyes boring into him. It is nice that Sherlock’s noticed—no, of course he’s noticed—it’s nice that he seems concerned, concerned enough that he apparently wants to talk about it, because one thing John knows for sure about Sherlock is that he would rather be tortured for information or forced to spend time with Mycroft than talk about feelings. And that’s not an exaggeration. So John makes a supreme effort and lifts his head to look at Sherlock.
A voice, John's voice, tore Sherlock from his fantasies once again. Sherlock noticed that he was standing right at John's table and that John had a very amused expression on his face. Oh dear. Sherlock had spaced out for he didn’t know how long, but it must have been long enough for John to notice.
Millions and millions of theories flooded Sherlock's mind, but he never catched a single one of them. It was like they were slipping through his fingers, his fingertips brushing them as he forgot. Never had the infamous consulting detective been at a loss of ideas, but in this very moment he was paralyzed by fear.
Sherlock, who seemed to have finally come to his senses, answered in an equally silent voice, "I... I believe it can only move when we aren't looking at it. It's just a theory, though..."
Sherlock had his arm protectively around John as they tried to sit up as quietly as possible, still careful not to attract attention to them.
Thinking a bit more about John's strange request, Sherlock started to make John's coffee. What could John use crumbs for? Did he want Sherlock to have more work while cleaning up or was there another reason?
Clara kept walking on the path, passing the trees and park benches queued along it. Now that she had calmed down somewhat, Clara noticed a throbbing pain in her forehead. Rubbing it with the palm of her hand, she told herself that all of the crying or perhaps standing up too quickly had caused it.
‘Hey, are you laughing at me??This is just a legend, I didn’t put on weight, I’ve always been like this’
Suddenly Mycroft starts coughing while touching his stomach, his face turns red, suffering. Greg stands up “Myke, you need help?"
‘Cherie you’re asking me to publish your nudes on facebook, do you understand how many people would look at them?’
‘When…when John first broached the subject of being his Best Man, I was confused. I didn’t realize what exactly, he was asking of me, but nonetheless, I promised that I would do my very best to accomplish a task that was, for me, as demanding and difficult as any I had ever considered undertaking. Additionally I thanked him for the trust he placed in me, and I was, in some ways…close to being moved by it. As I’ve said before, I’m amazed to be here today, and…to be John’s Best Man. To be his best….friend. I never imagined, I could have such an important task.....Sometimes, things don’t go how we expect, and it’s only when you….lose something that you realize how much that thing is important to you. And as John’s best friend I’m happy he’s finally found the woman he’s always dreamt of, because I know how important that was...and is for him. Things change, because…life goes on, but what is really important lasts forever. The bond between friends remains ever strong. Congratulations to my Best Friend, John Watson.’
Victor “ I don’t know..I don’t think. She didn’t tell me,....she was worried and wanted me to warn the colleagues, to spread the word.."
“I don’t want to lose you, too.” He weeps. “Stay with me, please. Please John, don’t go away.” “I won’t....I’m here..I’ll always be.”
‘Rachel discovered that Drebber and John Rance had been lovers for years, they had been together before Enoch J. Drebber got married with her, but he never had the courage to come out and love John Rance outside the four walls, so he decided to marry Rachel and follow a respectable heterosexual life.’
Suddenly a man with a hand truck walks out one of the doors, and Sherlock grabs John by his shoulder and pushes him against the wall, bringing his mouth toward John’s neck.
‘Look down, yes, like that’ He’s standing up on the bed, taking pics with the Polaroid, Sherlock is naked under the sheets, playing with his hands on his hair
“No,...it would be dangerous, I want to try to talk to her, I want to settle for a compromise.” Molly looks frightened “I don't want to see her anymore, I can't-"
. Sebastian is her second name, Sebastian Moran. But S, S is her first name. Seraphita. It’s a woman. And after Reichenbach, she faked her death, so that none could look after her. Then she changed her first name in Sebastian, becoming a ‘man’, and did what all the killers do: she went to Philip Fox to change her face.'
Another workman drags dirt through the foyer on his boots and Mrs Hudson whines. He hefts a side table upstairs, stepping slowly.
The girl looks down at the coke, playing with the straw ‘No, it’s...about Daniel. The guy who used to attend class with me, do you remember him?’
When he walks in, Sherlock glances down, trying not to meet his brother’s look. ‘I already know why you’re here, and what you two are gossiping about, I give you ten minutes to pack your things and come back to your lovely Pall Mall’
‘I knew you needed it, and I arranged to have it completed quickly. That’s all!’ She hands the sheet to Sherlock, and he pulls his mouth into a small and tight smile that does not reach his eyes.
‘Would you be surprised?’ Mycroft closes the folder, slowly crossing hands, trying to get a reaction from John. ‘What would we deduce now, John?’
Victor doesn’t answer, standing still for few seconds, then running down the stairs. He walks down the road, taking a long breath “Do not cry, idiot, do not cry!” He huffs out and coughs, trying to hold back the tears.
"Why do you always keep me away from it?" John whispers, his words full of angst and anger. "Maybe he wants to protect you." Mrs Hudson answers.
‘Oh… sorry, I – okay, I’ll leave. Good luck with your work. Goodbye.’ He bids with a grin, leading two dogs as he meanders away.
Mycroft shows to John more photos ‘and then...here,...Sherlock going to Victor’s house in Kensington and leaving the morning after...here Sherlock’s going out to have dinner at Victor’s house...’
Mrs Hudson couldn’t stop crying every time she glanced over at John in his dapper suit. His face was glowing with joy, and the smile spread across it was gorgeous. Harry promised John to drink only water,and kept her word by spending the day gabbing at Stamford. She continually grilled him for information about Mary. Mike was hard pressed to recall a time when she had spoken to him at such length, but brushed the thoughts aside, as it was John’s day and she was John’s sister. Still, he was elated when it was time for them to take their seats, and find his place near Molly and the others.
“Mycroft...we called the CIA Inspector...he has never met Mary since the case began...he has never met her. She’s been lying to us all the time.”
Mycroft tries to mumble some words ‘I...’ He takes the paper, putting it on the bed, grabbing Sherlock, who looks down, not facing his brother. ‘I just wanted to take care of you....’ He whispers, angrily. Mycroft tries to hold back the tears ‘I didn’t know what to do...I lost her too, Sherlock...it wasn’t easy for me. Why don’t you understand it?? It wasn’t easy to not make you feel her absence...I wasn’t good, I know. I’ve never been, I thought that controlling you was the best way to raise you...I made mistakes, I didn’t know what to do...I was scared just like you but I couldn’t show it because I had to be with you and make you feel that everything was alright, but I know it wasn’t..I know it and I'm sorry’
John looks at Sherlock confused, interrupting him ‘What? Wait wait, ok, you’ll tell me everything once we’ll get there’ John grabs Sherlock by his coat, bringing him outside the park.
The taxi driver honks more, lowering the car window and shouting , making hand gestures to the car, inviting it to pass on.
‘He is, don’t worry, we’ll do anything to bring him back home’ Victor stands up, putting a hand on her shoulder. Suddenly the police breaks in the bar, some students stands up scared from the bar tables. Victor looks at the cops walking toward him, not understanding their intentions, he looks at the girl ‘probably they’re here for Daniel’
‘Understand – do you understand?’ Once more Greg finds himself unable to reply. John stares stubbornly, his wide eyes insisting. He appeals frantically to Greg, ‘Do you really understand what’s going on in there? Inside his – Sherlock’s… mind?’
he thinks to himself. He slips his shoes on, pads over to the door, and heads to the kitchen. He can hear Mrs. Hudson’s voice from downstairs; he stands still near the fridge, looking at the broken furniture, his hands on his hips.
Sherlock turns back and sees Mycroft looking at him ‘My compliments for new furniture, dear brother’
‘Please, guys!! Stop it!! Could you..please stop this??’ John shouts, annoyed. Mycroft turns toward John, angrily.
Sherlock puts the phone on the table and starts jumping around the living room, shouting excitedly, ‘Yes! Ha, ha! It’s Christmas!’ He quickly turns the computer on, rubbing his hands. The workmen look at him, confused, whilst continuing to bring more boxes into the living room. He sits in front of the computer. A member of the staff walks toward him with a small box and a sheet on his hands. ‘Mr Holmes, this is for you.’ Sherlock looks at him and takes the box, opening the pack. A small alarm system router is inside. He takes up the sheet and reads it:
When John runs upstairs Mycroft is already in the living room and looks at her mutely. She gives him a bag with the clothes, staring at him, ‘Thank you.’
He timidly opens the door and sees Mycroft putting the hair dryer down. Mycroft looks at him, as he opens the door fully with more courage. Remaining by the door, hand on the doorknob, John ventures, ‘Everything okay?’
‘My…Mycroft…birthday…, you know…..I---I really don’t know when it’s his birthday, to be honest!  I just…..tried to….guess…’
Eyes follow John as he runs after Sherlock though the halls of Scotland Yard. One voice rings out, ‘Your singing was great yesterday, John!’ Sally Donovan trills as he races out the front doors.
John insists, whispering with a smile ‘Well, you can’t say no Mrs. Watson, because I already booked a flight’
A typical, overly muscular bodyguard stands at the door checking the guests list and allowing certain people to enter in the club. Sherlock gives his name and are ushered inside. John walks in first, and Sherlock places a hand on shoulder. It’s early, but the club is already full revelers, music pumping loudly, forcing them to shout to hear each other
Sherlock fills up the tea tray, passes John without responding, and brings the tray in the living room
John dresses with worry, downing a cup of tea. He calls Mary, as he hastily fries an egg to go along with his buttered burnt toast.
Mary snorts ‘You are telling us that you refused one hundred thousand pounds for some info about Sherlock?’
He smiles, puts the Polaroid away and goes close to Sherlock ‘Cherie’ he takes the sheet out of the bed, uncovering him ‘What’s wrong with you, today? Why are you upset? Voulez- vous dire?’
This process is repeated a few times by the three men, though by the fourth one they are running out of things to toast to, and start saluting random things they see until they are completely drunk.
Mycroft helps Sherlock to take his clothes off, tidying them up and putting them on the draw set by the sink. Holding Sherlock by his arms, Mycroft aids his brother into the bathtub. Concerned, he resignedly murmurs, ‘Be careful.’
‘I believe it won’t be easy avoid the press this time’ John comments heading back toward the fridge ‘Is there anything to eat?’
‘fear that there are aliens lurking around every corner, fear that some little country that doesnʼt  believe in our way of life poses a threat to us.’
‘Mary and I have to do a final check on our location, I completely forgot about it...sorry Sherlock.’
John shifts the flowers to his right hand and takes a deep breath before knocking on the front door.
John cracks an annoyed laugh ‘Would you like to tell me more about him or should I go get my way in it?’
"Yes, Greg. and it went wrong. Always...I am fine..probably I just need to be alone for a while. Sorry."
‘It’s not my fault if Tanaka’s brother knocked at my door instead of coming in Scotland Yard. He trusts me more than you.’
John licks his lips anxiously, nervous laughter erupting from him. He sardonically remarks, ‘I bet he goes out with you and you two talk about such deep things, right?’
Sherlock stands up, walking away, worried. John follows him, but Sherlock's hand stops him. "Lestrade. What happened? Is he alright??"
‘Yes,’ John coughs out. Then lowers his voice again, softening it. His fingers twine with Sherlock’s. ‘But we would have been together.’
They wait for the fellows, start following them. When they pass by the pub, both look through the windows, and scan the inside.
‘ Listen, I’m sorry if I have a life! Sherlock…could you please not think about yourself just for once? Did you hear what I told you? I have a flight tomorrow afternoon. I paid for it, and Mary’s working until this evening, andI have to pack the luggage, print the boarding passes-'
‘He knew how these things worked. He wanted somebody smart enough to kill Moran, split the loot, and then fly away.’
“We would like to believe in someone who can save us, we would like to believe that we know what we’re going to do tomorrow and how to manage our life,...but we don’t. Neither God knows. He neither knows how this story is going to end.” They both turn to stare at each other, Sherlock adds a sad smirk on his face but his eyes betrays him, he’s devastated, and the dark circles under his eyes confirm it. Mary looks away, breathing nervously, feeling the tension rising.
‘It seems like he’s found all the other surgeons names. Well, at least I hope so.’ He takes a sip, and walks into the living room, leaning against the wall ‘How many of them?’
Munching, taking another breadstick ‘You should talk to Mycroft if you want to...clear up things about this man, I think he could help.’
The two women nod in astonishment, Sherlock and John close the door, and slowly make their way to the sidewalk.
Mycroft enters, visibly stressed, still panting “What?” he turns toward Mrs. Hudson and John, looking at the book “Oh...yes..Sherlock is reading it, I suppose, ...or his boyfriend is.”
Sherlock sits up, glances around, searching for John. When he there is no sign of him, he takes a few deep breath.
Sherlock looks at him, panting, not answering, opening the door and going away. John turns, laughing ruefully.
‘He clearly didn’t sleep! The room was perfectly made, in fact it’s cleaner than it was before he checked in.’
"I mean that it wasn't just you who tried to survive for two years, who tried to change your life and choose somebody by your side who could love you. I learnt that I can have somebody who loves me as well. And I don't have to feel ashamed for it, that I don't have to hide behind closed curtains like before."
‘I’m going downstairs, meet me later when you two sober up. You’re supposed to be on the job! Even though I’m off the clock, you two aren’t!’
‘I think now we should all start over again, and just stay with him, try to...really comfort him or do anything to makes him feel better’
'He didn't realize you moved on. And now it's happening the same with Sherlock. He's got on with his life, and you should accept it.'
Sherlock closes the moleskine, turning to Victor ‘Why are you so obsessed with it? You never stopped asking me about me and John since the first day you arrived in London, he’s married with a woman while me and you make love days and nights, and the only thing you can ask me is if I was John’s boyfriend, what the hell is wrong with you?’
The table is full of empty dishes and empty glasses, two men talk to each other, another one is drunk, half-asleep, with his head leaned against the wood bench.
“I’m here because I want to tell you the truth. I want to help you with the case Greg. it's time now.”
The entire crowd is now clapping, and stomping with the beat and singing along with the two terrible singers.
‘No, I told you, I didn’t worry until I saw that post on facebook, he hasn’t come back home, and now her mother is constantly calling us asking about him, if we’ve seen him or anything, I didn’t expect she didn’t call you’
Mycroft takes a long breath, looking around “Yes, I know.” He sits on Sherlock’s chair, trying to relax for a few seconds. Then takes breath again “Russia wants Sherlock dead"
“I know, he didn't say anything cause he didn’t want to worry us...He’s got cancer. He must have surgery this week, he discovered it late that's why they decided to operate him immediately. If the operation goes well, he’ll need months of chemotherapy,...it won’t be easy.”
Mycroft “....he has nothing to do with this case. he’s just Sherlock’s boyfriend” looking at John “get over it."
Mycroft munches an open salmon sandwich, walking from the kitchen toward the living room, sitting on the sofa ‘Is the Sherlock show on tv tonight?'
Mycroft puts a hand on the chair ‘Why you never ask to my brother about Victor? He needs you, ...now more than ever.’ John turns back, glancing down.
‘You want to look like you still...care! That you still want to do this, but you can’t, every time you tell me you’ll help me after few seconds you suddenly have a commitment.’
No one questions how John knows this, but Greg pushes his hands away. ‘Wait, wait! I want to take a pic.’ He quickly hits the camera function on his mobile and laughs out, ‘I think we’ll need to remember this night.'
‘No, tomorrow night, I believe’ Molly suggests, standing up on a chair, decorating the wall with festoons ‘We could watch it all together’
He attempts to take up some of Sherlock’s weight, but Mycroft firmly interjects, ‘No, I’ll handle this.’
John tries to convince him “Listen. I talked to Mycroft last night. He knows everything about Victor, he’s spying on him since the beginning.” They get close to the bar, John lowers his voice, almost whispering “Do you think he didn’t know that Victor met Adair and Moran friends before coming to London?!"
A moment of silence, Victor takes the book from the desk with his left hand rising it up “A season in hell”, this is for next week, and bring me an essay about Rimbaud poem <<Happiness>>”
John is still staring at Sherlock, who looks embarrassed, and mumbles again. ‘We…emmm. Yes, we should go now.’ He runs back into the bedroom, and grabs his coat.
John, feeling uncomfortable, changes the subject "Are you going at the show tonight? They're giving awards, the Sherlock cast will be there."
'Mycroft knows him well, I suppose. If he had been so dangerous as you think, he wouldn’t have been so close to Sherlock for so long, don’t you think?’
Victor seems lost. He lowers his head and slowly takes his jacket and scarf, going away. He closes the door behind him, walking through the aisle, walking fast to get rid of the people staring at him. One of his student calls him. “Professor Trevor!! Professor Trevor!!"
The door opens, Greg and Sally walk in, feeling the tension in the room, not saying a word. Greg goes toward the cake on the table, reading the lines on it
‘Goodnight Sherlock’ she wishes. Still, he lays out no reply. The cords are the only infliction he gifts the home this moment. Mrs Hudson, sighing, closes the door behind her. Sherlock abruptly stops playing. Huffing, he turns the sheet music page once more. He stands statuesque, gazing at the notes. He thinks. Taking up the bow again, tying it to the violin, he continues thee hunting tirade. He plays.
‘Yep’ Sherlock comments, enthusiastic ‘All the bad guys changed their faces thanks to him’ looking through the cab window, then turns toward John ‘And he died one month after Moran’
Victor ‘No,..absolutely. How could I? I don’t know much about my students, some of them are more open with me and they like to chat or call me whenever they need anything, but I didn’t see him often...Sarah, yes,...she is a good student, she’s quiet and studious. I used to see her with Daniel, but...I didn’t bother to know if they were a couple."
John and Mary, like everyone else, were thrilled at the splendor of the reception venue. Goldney Hall, with lush and beautiful gardens was a stunning choice. Something, Molly repeatedly commented on, especially after one too many glasses of  white wine. She also. asked Greg to marry her, “Just so, you know, she could be a bride in a beautiful place.’
‘Yes’ Greg answers ‘Let’s try to see if we can find something about Moran…we’ve been working for weeks now, and we haven’t found anything special.’
They both stand up, sitting at the dining table. John takes a croissant, while looking at Sherlock, who drinks coffee. "Take a bite...you're a pale as a sheet."
“Oh, Sherlock” she cries, hugging him tightly. “Thanks for calling me, I’m glad I can be with you in this hard time, I just can’t find the words for what happened to Victor.."
"You should believe in what you taught us...because we believed in you. We still believe in you, just like we still believe in literature, and poetry. Sometimes a few lines of a quote can save a life.”
‘Good…Mycroft gave him some medicines that reduce the withdrawal symptoms, he felt a bit stoned because they’re quite strong, you know…. but he feels better now’
‘That I’m expecting a happy announcement by the end of the week?’ John comments, sarcastically, Mycroft laughs ironically.
‘I don’t know, probably, but I honestly don’t know what to do John. What if he finds us there spying on him? I mean…it’s….I think Mycroft is crossing a line.’
Sarah’s mother starts crying again, Melanie comforts her, stroking her gently “Mom, don’t worry, we’ll find her, mr. Holmes is a great man and he’ll find her soon, don’t worry” looking at Sherlock, who smile slights, then looks away, worried. “How she was dressed the last time you saw her?"
‘No, sorry, I can’t, I’m going now’ blowing the cigarette and letting the smoke out, checking his phone.
“You’re a detective. Give Moran a name, and save Daniel’s life. I can’t help you anymore, Sherlock. Don't you understand, YOU CAN'T LEAVE NOW!” he shouts.
John "Do you think Sherlock let Victor into his life without any advantages? Come on! He knows how he can use Victor to get to Moran, that’s why he needs him. He just played a role. He faked a relationship, he doesn’t feel...anything. Victor is there just for the case.”
Sherlock swallows, coughing to hold back the tears, and taking the note. He turns it and reads something:
‘He took that cab!’ Sherlock points a bare finger at the black car, and they head straight in front of it, forcing the cab to stop in the middle of the street. They can see the driver yelling at them through the windshield, but they ignore him as they fling open the door. Which causes two women to start screaming their heads off.
'Right! That's the answer! Eight! And you know why? Because you were focusing on the problem. If you focus on the problem you won't find the solution. Never focus on the problem! You think your problem is Mary, and so you see four fingers. But you don't realize that your real problem are the eight fingers you see,...'
“Ehm....yes, Morstan...Mary Mostan..she gave us some photos of Trevor, Victor Trevor,..she told us that you caught him with Moran's gang,...we have the photos...it's him with Adair...and few others.....we wanted to ask you some questions about him."
‘I know. I just said that!’ John answers annoyed. ‘But it has to be exact, We’re giving him an injection, so we have to hit him exactly in the heart’ John points at Sherlock’s chest, Greg looks up at Mycroft with pale face.
John turns, tensed ‘I believe it’s Sherlock’. He runs in the living room, toward the door, opening it.
The receptionist sees both men walking fast toward him, Sherlock takes the key of the room number five, the man suddenly gets mad ‘What are you doing?? Where are you going?’ he follows them, but they both ignore him, Sherlock goes on talking to John ‘In the room there’s a picture of Tiger Jack, a western comic book.’
The cup falls from his grasp and drops to the carpet, spilling tea everywhere. Instead of cleaning it up, Sherlock merely stares at John in open-mouthed silence.
Victor frowns nervously “What the hell are you implying?" rising his voice, looking at John “Are you out of your mind??” Victor stands up, hitting his hand on the table.
Greg looks at him annoyed, huffing out, knowing what he means, but not answering at his provocation.
‘Not much, I mean, yes, in some way they’re different, their cases are the inspirations for his books, then his stories are different, but some things are related to their cases, sometimes even the lines are the same’
“I’ve spent...years..dreaming to come back here, and trying to have a new life, a new job, and be with you. I thought about it everyday of my life. And now...the dream is over.”
They are still for a moment, looking confused. When the three of them finally leave Baker Street, there are thousands of flashes and a multitude of microphones blocking the way. The fans start screaming to one another, and shouting Sherlock’s name.
John enters the supermarket heading straight for the milk case, once he finds a suitable fresh carton. He goes off in search of the biscuits section; he scans the shelves and finds an array of diabetic biscuits, oat biscuits, rice biscuits, but no chocolate. He pops his head up and searches for an assistant. A lovely worker catches his eye ‘Do you need help sir?’ she asks, smiling at John.
‘It’s Pairing pistou, an herb sauce made with fresh basil, with tender spring vegetables makes for a bright-tasting seasonal entrée; the recipe comes from
John doesn’t reply for a while, as he clings to the back of him. Silently listening to the steady inhale of his breath and the flutter of his rapid heartbeat.
Fuck you, I'm coming to baker sreet nwo I dont care if youre there or not i ll wait anywyay we have to talk ok????
"What?" John suddenly jerks "Oh yes, ehm...Victor. Victor got accused to be in contact with Adair..."
‘Myke! Can you hear me? These two are gonna die tonight, they’re gonna die’ Greg is almost in tears.
John’s in curled around Sherlock protectively, his head nestled on Sherlock’s chest. The bedspread only covers him up to his hip, leaving his arms wrapped tightly around John’s body. They both are sound sleep, Sherlock’s a bit sweaty, and kicks the sheet off with his feet before settling down again. Suddenly, Sherlock’s phone buzzes. John wakes up feeling sticky, he raises his head and thanks to the bedside lamp being left on, he can see Sherlock sleeping deeply. He scans down the length of Sherlock’s body, and finds the taller mans phone, just to the right of his warm body. Due to the brightly lit screen, he can read the message.
Lestrade hastily follows Sherlock out of the office, his chair swirling as he rises. He calls out, ‘Wait Sherlock! I don't know what you’re talking about.’
John stops munching for a bit, staring at Sherlock. "I won't go with her, and I still have to apologize to Lestrade."
'That was the worst surprise party someone has ever done' John comments bitterly, Greg next to him, both are sitting on the terrace with two bottles of beer.
But you need to face the truth, first. This is not a friendship. Don’t call it friendship, It has never been.’
It's Greg's birthday, and his friends are organising a surprise party for him. But John doesn't know that Sherlock will arrive with a special 'guest'.
John laughs and pulls Sherlock’s shoulder toward the dance floor. Sherlock balks at the suggestion, so John grabs both his hands and tries to drag him forcibly.
Lestrade sent me this photo yesterday..apparently signing autographs for your brother is his new job.
‘It wasn’t working; she was always upset with me. She said that I never had time for her, and that I was always ready to help my friends, answer to all their calls, but that I didn’t do the same for her, you know. So…’
John: ‘But Why Russian? What this has to do with the case? Wasn’t it about Victor? I thought I understood something about it, now I’m getting lost again’
Sherlock peers up at John, ‘somebody who was afraid he could reveal important things about Moriarty.’
‘Hey listen, I refused! Okay?! I didn’t want any trouble. Adair was a good guy and all, but when he got out of prison, this guy put a hit out on him. He told me we’d earn some serious cash if we found the dude first, but I knew it’d be nothing but trouble, so I turned him down.’
‘THE MEDICAL BOOK! HOW DO YOU THINK I’M GOING TO GIVE AN ANDRENALINE SHOT?’ I’VE NEVER DONE THAT IN MY LIFE! AND NOW MYCROFT IS COMING HERE WITH A FUCKING ADRENALINE SHOT! DO YOU UNDERSTAND?’
‘No…I was with you. I don’t know…he’s probably just a bit nauseated, you know how much we’ve drunk tonight.’
A young man in oil-stained clothes is chatting animatedly with a couple of guys.  The moment Sherlock and John walk in, the men end their discussion, and collectively look at them with contempt.
‘Yes,’ John says. ‘I thought it was better, you know, you can’t walk around without knowing what you’re seeing, and it’s also useful because they tell you which zones are safer than others, and what to eat, or not to eat as the case may be.’
Mrs Hudson ‘I'll watch it at Mr. Parker's pub. I saw the actress who'll play me on youtube, she's older than me!!' She comments, offended.
‘Oh well,..thank you then’ he takes the jacket and opens the living room door, annoyed, running downstairs.
‘John, don’t worry. It’s all fine...I…you know sometimes Mycroft asks me to…look after him and….I do. He’s been alright, and as far I know he’s clean.’
They walk out of the bathroom together, see Greg waiting near the exit door, and he walks toward them ‘Are you okay, Sherlock?’
‘<<In this outer moment, in which my feelings are finally showing, I would like to stop the time,….to be able to love you once more, and lock in this infinitesimal world’s gap your image>>…….nice’
‘What on earth is going on boys? It’s midnight! I have to sleep!’ She shouts while walking up the stairs.
JOHN : ….Jane…I know you’re still shocked by his death, I’m as shocked as you are to be honest, but you’ve got to accept-
Sherlock doesn’t answer, but turns back and the two men head into the club again. They make their way into the Karaoke bar section, but the D.I. is nowhere in sight.
Sherlock huffs out, annoyed, rolling his eyes ‘romantic, soporific books who makes teenage girls lives more existentially interesting, no, I only read books that are useful to my mind’
‘Do you…remember it? Our first case?' John looks at Sherlock, ‘Sure’ they both smile looking at each other, answering simultaneously ‘January 29th, 2010’
Victor “Yes, sure” he takes his phone from the pocket, scrolling down the contacts and shows the number to Greg.
Victor hugs Sarah’s sister, crying. Greg is standing on the church’s stairs, staring off into the distance. Sherlock is next to him.
‘Sherlock,’ a honeyed voice calls into the flat. Mrs Hudson gently knocks upon the front door, shyly waltzing in, ‘O-oh!’ Sherlock turns toward her, beckoning her to join him with a sweet smile.
Sherlock ignores the many protests, takes John’s hand and drags him across the floor, and up to the stage.
Sherlock puts the glass of wine on the blanket, looking at Victor “..sometimes we build hopes and dreams, and we have lots of expectations,...and things don't go as planned.”
‘I guess was John who cleaned the home, wasn’t he? I bet this house was completely in order when you two lived together’
Sherlock frowns, still stoned and confused, searching in the box through Victor’s stuff. He takes Elvis’s vinyl and finds a pen drive inside it, hen takes the laptop and quickly reads the usb, where he finds an audio file:
John sits again on the corner of the bed. ‘Well they had a quarrel…last night, and he called me because he needed help, you know...’
‘no, really, Greg, I’ll walk by feet, it’s not that far, I need to take some air and think. It’ll be useful for me’
Jane, my dear, how are you? I hope everything is all right, I heard about you and Greg…I’m sorry, I hope you’re fine now, if you need to talk we could go out and have a chat, …have a drink, okay? XX
‘Now you parade around with your new life, happy like nothing else matters – nothing, not me.’ He wails, arms wide and expression dramatically sullen, ‘That I had to change, that I had to accept everything that came after - your wedding, your wife, your absence and your excuses when you walk away.’ Sherlock points at John, viciously repeating the action, ‘Look at you - just for once! Why don’t you think over what you’ve done? What you’ve done to me?’
Sherlock and John fall in step behind Greg, as he parts the crowd like a shark through flotsam. Neither of them make further eye contact, embarrassment etched on their faces, and the three of them make their way down to the karaoke section of Ku.
A well known voice makes Greg turn: it’s John. He smiles shyly. “Ehi..”, moving his feet uncomfortably.
Anthea shows the sms to Mycroft, who gently smiles at her, nodding, and keeps eating and looking at the minister.
Anderson ‘His English is good!’, still playing with the guitar. Mycroft looks at him peeved, the guitar headstock almost next to his face.
They stumble into the living room, John gently pushes Sherlock away, untangling their limbs. The taller man steps quickly toward the sofa, and flops down on, face-first into a cushion. While John, now exhausted, takes in a deep breath.
Greg is driving, John is in the backseat, Sherlock is next to Greg chatting on his phone that it’s ringing over and over again
‘We’re going to Tanaka; to get the code Adair gave him.  It’s time now! I know there’s something in that message that can help us.’
‘Do you know that the press interviewed me this evening? They even had a make-up artist. I wanted to take some photographs because I looked so good! They asked me about the attack, how you felt, I told them you are feeling better, that John helped you, they were enthusiastic after the interview! Maybe we’ll do another one! …Sherlock?’
Sherlock smiles at him, John quickly replies cynically 'I believe that’s exactly what Sherlock thinks.’
John struggles to climb the stairs, half-carrying Sherlock, whose got an arm slung loosely around John’s shoulder.
‘...<<I don’t like anything, I don’t like society, I don’t like people, I don’t even like myself. Bless those who have strong beliefs and live with them for the entire life and is never anguished. I run from a side to anther trying to be be happy, and if I stopped just for once on my beliefs I would fall. This is my life, and that’s why I would never change it with another one>>….this is nice, too, I didn’t remember these last ones..’
Mary smiles “Yes...yes, I know. That’s why I’m here. I want this case closed just like you. Let’s close it together.”
Sherlock bows with his left hand on his chest and right hand out to the crowd in a pompous gesture, while John just stands their awkwardly.
“Sherlock.." she tries to grab Sherlock's dressing gown, shaking. "...Victor...and Molly..” Sherlock looks at her worried.
Sherlock, surprised “Where? we need you, we must go to Sarah’s family, you know her, you can help us!”
Sherlock looks at the agenda, excited: ‘No, she’s a woman, she’s always been a woman.’ He comments enthusiastic. ‘Everyone called her Sebastian, but it’s not her first name. On this agenda I found the appointment, 21st November. Sounds familiar, Inspector?’
He closes his eyes,putting his fingertips together in their typical prayer-like position while thinking.
He gives in and flops down unto the chair. Takes a breath to try and steady himself. He flips open a laptop, and waits for it to power on. In the meantime he reaches up to cover his eyes with both hands. Mrs. Hudson chooses that moment to walk in.
She notices a book on the table, The Little Prince, then looks at both Greg and John “Is it Sherlock’s?”
'That he seems so....interested in Sherlock. And so does Sherlock, I mean..There must be something!'
Before he could close the minute space between their lips, a man is thumping down the hallway towards them, Sherlock and John’s heads whirl at the sound, it’s Woodley. Without a word, they both start running after him. They follow him through a marked exit door, jumping on a garbage bins and climbing walls in hot pursuit. Until they find themselves in racing through Piccadilly, Woodley glances back at them before disappearing.
‘Who?’ Sherlock turns toward him ‘Oh, my brother’ taking the glass. They look at each other, he smiles at Sherlock, while both touching their glasses ‘Cheers’
Victor walks in shyly, smiling in embarrassement with scared eyes, everyone staring at him. 'Hi, I'm Mary' Mary goes toward Victor, breaking the ice 'The kitchen is right there, if you need anything just ask'
‘No!! I didn’t!! I didn’t accept, I didn’t know who he was and I was afraid they could hurt to Sherlock, so I declined’
‘There is something Mycroft didn’t tell us. I can understand if Sherlock’s going through something… difficult.’
The whole class stand up, taking books and notes from the desks and walking outside. A girl slowly walks toward Victor’s desk, trying to catch his look and attention ‘Professor Trevor’. Victor rises his eyes, smiling widely ‘Ehi, Sarah, what’s up?'
She keeps walking, getting closer to her, answering kindly. “..yes,..I know, but I’m looking for Tatsuya Tanaka...is she there?
“I don’t want a new job Sherlock! I want my books and students back! that was my dream job!! I’m not a criminal and I was treated as one, and I feel ashamed every second of my life for what happened. Everyone was looking at me...when the police arrived, all their eyes were on me..I can’t sleep at night thinking about it.”
John looks away ‘They loved each other, but...not at the same time’ smiling at Gregson. The audience applauds, the band starts playing 'Lieder by Mendelssohn’. Sherlock turns, going toward John and Gregson.
‘Sherlock, we need to talk.’ John hurries, irritated by his friend’s avoidance. He stares at Sherlock, mentally compelling him to reply.
‘Hey! You both are invited to our place tonight!’ John comments, cheerful looking at Lestrade, and Sherlock.
He closes his phone, takes a long breath...then takes his phone again, calling Molly. She doesn’t answer.
Tucked away at the back of the drawer, Mycroft finds a creased black shirt. He takes it. Unfurling the balled material, Mycroft discovers yellow writing – the hand of which that penned this writing undoubtedly being that of Sherlock Holmes. He looks at it for a while, thinking, then closes the drawer and takes the required clothes to the bathroom.
‘You know who I’m talking about, .....the guy who suddenly has become Sherlock’s center of the world, who suddenly has caught his attention, God knows where the hell does he come from...he sends Sherlock thousands of messages everyday, makes him surprises, buys him breakfast, leaves him love letters, Greg finds him in Sherlock’s bed...I see him everywhere! Every time I come at Baker Street I see his smiling face running upstairs,....and Sherlock seems to be always busy because of him,...and he was with Sherlock the night he got overdosed, and now he’s involved in the Moran case. I don’t know who’s him, Mycroft, neither what he has to do with Sherlock, ...and I’m sure you know things better than me ...’
John turns, laughing sarcastically, ‘You left me and you’re the one who’s angry with me? That’s… that’s ridiculous…’
Mycroft cries, shaking ‘I’m sorry. I was scared, Sherlock. I missed her like mad, and we didn’t have any fault’
‘Don’t challenge me into this because I’ll make you feel pain’ he answers ironically getting close to him
John stares confusedly at him, ‘okay! But it’s 3 am. We found and talked to Woodley. We’re all drunk…I think it’s time to go home, Sherlock.’
Mary crosses her hands, getting closer to him. “Sherlock has nothing to say, Greg...he’s over. Defeated. He’s the past. He won’t help you anymore, and you know it. If you want to close this case, I’m the only one who can help you.” She holds his hand, reassuring him.
THE TIGER TAKES THE LEAP, THE EAGLE SPREADS ITS WINGS, WHEN TIGER DIES, HE LEAVES HIS SKIN, WHEN PEOPLE DIE, THEY LEAVE THEIR NAMES:
Tanaka looks back at his brother, nods at him, and the brother nudges the arms of the other men and the small band trudge out the front door, shutting it firmly behind them.
John “I mean Sherlock has known everything since the beginning. Victor has something to do with Moran, that’s why he kept Victor close to him for so long! You understand?”
John steps near him ‘well I… I didn’t notice it was for you. You know, with this weird font and all those....’ he turns his head ‘…doodles…’ he coughs nervously.
‘These are things Sherlock never knew nothing about, he has an idea of you that is not the real one! You should be angry with yourself! How could you keep all these feelings inside for so long not telling him the truth?’
‘……Before going away last week I went to Baker Street in the morning, and I met that guy who was at the Rockets with Sherlock, do you remember him?’
‘….you know it’s not that easy to be Sherlock’s friend,…sometimes this seems to be the only way to really understand him and getting to know him’
"Her kindness, bravery..and her talent. She's the typical Victorian woman, but she's also capable of standing beside Watson and help Holmes in the Sign of Four."
‘I mean….I don’t know what he’s doing. What his life’s like now? I don’t live with him anymore, and it’s different now, you know? I can’t look after him like I did before. It’s hard for me to know what he does and how he spends his time every day, except…..you know, when we’re solving cases. I just meet him outside Baker Street, and we head out to investigate. But, I’ve been so busy with the wedding, I honestly didn’t, I didn’t have much time to be with him and talk, just us.'
John strokes his hair gently, and watches as Sherlock’s eyes close again. He sits there in the silence, watching his chest rise and fall, until his breathing gets heavy, and John knows he’s asleep.
Sherlock was in fact hiding out in the bathroom. He leans his forehead against the cool metal door, slamming his eyes closed, in an effort to quell the strong urge to vomit.
John stands still for a while, embarrassed, rubbing his left hand while looking around, walking slowly toward Sherlock.
Suddenly they all stare at Sherlock bewildered ‘You went to the cinema???’ Greg asks, adding a surprised laugh, John sips a glass of water
John stops and opens his mouth as if he’s going to say something, but thinks better of it, and stays silent for a moment. Then says, ‘Hmmmm… I don’t think I have time.’ He looks at his watch, ‘Mary is coming back today and I’ve got to pick her up at the airport.”
‘Well, what we have here...’ Another aged woman, short and chubby walks with an Austrial Silky Terrier ‘ Mmmm....too short, nope’ ‘Oh oh....’ He comments amused ‘look at that one’ Another woman, tall, elegant, with a big hat, a mini dress and a red clutch, walks with an Irish water Spaniel ‘Mmm..perhaps too fancy’. A little girl walks eating a cupcake with her baby dog ‘Too young...’ Sherlock comments.
"We never stop loving someone. Even when we know that person belongs to someone else, or we quit a relationship badly and we don't want to see someone for the rest of our life. There'll always be a part of our heart that will always love that person forever."
John and Greg are slumped on a sofa in the priveè. A drink in each of their hands. ‘Hey, where’s Shhhlock?’ he slurs out.
‘No, I...I can’t find him, he disappeared. It’s been two days now, his family is worried and I saw him three days ago after university, we had to study together, then he called me saying he had to do a thing and couldn’t come, I called the day after but he didn’t answer. He didn’t attend class yesterday, so I sent him a message on whatsapp but he didn’t answer again. Then I saw a post on facebook of his sister that he was lost and he didn’t come back home. I was shocked, I didn’t know what to do, I thought you knew something about it’
“You killed a 21 years old girl....” Silent. Victor takes a long breath, trying to look calm and steady. “You betrayed us all...none could forgive you for what you’ve done.
They walk left, and notice a propped open exit door of the pub. Simultaneously, they stride toward the door.
Sherlock keeps his elbow on his knees, his right hand tucked into his curly hair. ‘No…no, we should meet Lestrade first,’ he murmured almost laboriously.
‘...You don’t know anything? Gregson...the message he sent you last night, he called me, I arrived here with the first flight’
Moran changes his entire identity, face, name, and stalks into London. Then two years after Adair comes back to London to meet Moran, but is afraid Moran will kill him, so he leaves a message with his friend Tanaka in his hotel room ‘Jack the Tiger’, and few hours later, Adair is found dead.’
Molly looks at Victor with a mixture of kindness and concern, whispering. "You love him so much, don't you?"
‘The guy is getting out’ Greg comments peering through the side windows, then they see Sherlock getting out.
‘No! You left me! I would have followed you through that damn building if only I had known…’ John’s voice cracks nervously. Sherlock looks at John, who’s now bent over him, and cannot bring himself to respond.
Silent. John turns, faking a laugh, nervously, then bits his lips. Sherlock feels tension between them.
At the doorway  Tanaka calls out one last pleasantry ‘If you need help you know where you can find me.
Steps in the bedroom, then the noise of the hair dryer. John steps back and slowly goes in the kitchen, uncertain of what to do.
‘I quickly understood that Victor was important for Sherlock. That’s why I sent Sherlock to Victor’s house, his father was a kind man, and replaced our father’s role many times. Victor’s dad knew it , he understood everything,...and he stayed with my brother for long time. They spent a summer together, Sherlock, Victor, and his dad, until Sherlock got too far with the drugs, and Victor’s dad decided to split them, forever...until now...’
Sherlock is looking through the window, randomly checking his phone, thoughtful. John walks in, shutting the door, still panting. Sherlock turns, frowning surprised. Sherlock doesn't talk, he just looks at John, who keeps walking slowly toward him. “I'm going away. I'll leave London." he mumbles, still drunk. Sherlock tries to reply but John stops him. "I won't write on the blog anymore, if you want you can use it for your future cases."
‘So..’ Sherlock, looking at John ‘tomorrow I need to interview some surgeons, I have a new list that’s probably pretty good, I don’t know if you’re busy…if you would like to come with me..’
‘Do you remember if I had it when we moved here?’ He continues regardless of the silence. John rolls his eyes, thinking through the possibilities. He strains to catch the memory, mumbling to himself, ‘I remember it was there somewhere.’ He asks again, looking at her figure in the dark, ‘Are you sure you didn’t throw it off?’
Sherlock takes a sheet with his left hand and brings it up to his mouth, one hand wide opened on his left eye
‘I’ve had enough, John. You and this man’ pointing at Sherlock ‘It’s heart warming! You’d do anything for him: spying on him-’
An exceptionally large crowd fills the street. There are barriers to keep them away from the door, but hundreds of people are clamoring for Sherlock. The police stand guard near the barriers, keeping the throng at bay. TV-cameras, and reporters are evidently recording the scene, and taking interviews from the fans.
Mycroft takes breath to answer, but Mrs Hudson pops in, excited ‘Mycroft!’ Mrs Hudson welcomes him with a huge smile ‘What a beautiful tv show, isn’t it?? And your character was really good, indeed!’
‘No, I wasn’t, I genuinely enjoyed it, but you can’t ask me to go to a wedding with you now, we’re not….a….couple!!'
Sherlock’s half asleep, his head against the seat. He opens his eyes a little and peers out the window cab ‘jjj—john.’ He checks his phone, and then suddenly Sherlock becomes more lucid. ‘Where are we going?’
‘Greg, I’ve just come back. I—I don’t know anything about Sherlock’s life from the past two years, and….yes, while I’ve come back to work with him, he doesn’t talk to me. You know him, you know he, he just…’
‘I don’t think John likes me. He always looks at me with that angry face, like he’s going to punch me in the face’
John, who had been silently standing at parade rest in the entryway, finally joins in the conversation with a laugh ‘What did Sherlock put down?’
‘Hey, Mycroft, we’ve controlled the whole area. There aren’t any more unexploded mines in all of Baker Street! The attack was made with miniature explosives, bound to one another in a grid-like fashion. The bomb squad doesn’t know if they were remotely timed, or were triggered when he stepped on one of them, but we do know that they’ve all exploded!’
‘Moriarty’s gang were likely expecting to earn a certain amount if they were able to succeed in killing me. In a way it was Moriarty himself that did so.’
Victor frowns, surprised and worried ‘No, I.. I didn’t know anything. I saw him after the class about four days ago, he wanted some explanations about the book and I told him to meet this week, but he didn’t show up and didn’t send me any email to fix a day...are you sure he isn’t somewhere else,...didn’t he say you anything?’
‘This doesn’t make it a proof. You know John, , ...I know Victor isn't good for Sherlock, he has never been, actually. Sherlock seems to lose his mind when he’s with him, but I know Victor helped him, and, to be honest, I believe he’s helping Sherlock now...in some way.’
Sherlock glides in, he jumps up and down, peeks through the curtains, lies down the floor, slides the mattress out of place, and then stalks over into the bathroom.
John shakes his head, laughing ‘Well, I don’t know if I’m going to watch it, you know, I’m not such a narcissist, watching me and Sherlock solving cases together and....doing...things, together, I could even miss the good old days.’
"You said you're glad to be with me in this hard time. It's Victor's hearse, he's right behind us, he's probably having a laugh now looking at us..."
John looks down at him, and gently smiles. ‘You couldn’t have chosen a better autobiographical song.’
‘No. Perhaps? This man brought him to the killer. Maybe he knows nothing of it. I think this one will be useful, but I need you and Lestrade to meet him straight away.’
Sherlock attempts to stop the barrage of questions, ‘I’m fine, thank you’ Sherlock tries to walk away.
‘Sherlock, shush...please, we’ve got to collaborate!’ John chest begins heaving from the effort of dragging the much taller man up the flight of stairs.
‘So, Mr. Holmes, I’d be glad if you could come to our dinner party next Wednesday, as I already told before’
‘If that’s how you like to pass your nights - feel free, but involve Sherlock?’ John raises his hand, forefinger pointing at the man’s beaky nose. He lowly emphasizes, ‘Don’t you dare!’
Sherlock suddenly loses control, falling on the chair, shaking. He stares blankly into space, shocked, not talking.
John tucks into his steaming plate with glee, and rehashes what he knows at Sherlock, with a mouthful of something he can’t pronounce.
Sherlock doesn’t move much in the tub except when his brother moves his body’s parts to clean them. Mycroft opens the hot water and rinses Sherlock’s hair before pressing the curls to remove the excess water. He tears a hung bathrobe from the back of the bathroom door.
‘She’s a volunteer in a soup kitchen’ Sherlock comments, looking at his phone, that rings over and over.
‘Why? You were blatantly in love with him and you never said a word, why would have he said something? You two have clearly insecurity and miscommunication problems, admit it’
Sherlock is standing in front of the window, he wears the red dressing gown, with a white, dirty t- shirt and a grey jogger.
“You know what’s the truth Sherlock? I just surround myself with books, and art, and poetry because I want to escape from myself. I just have to come face to face with the fact that I’m not gifted. I can appreciate art, and I love music, and poetry....but, it’s sad, really,.. because I feel like I have a lot to express and I am not gifted. I’m just a fool who thinks to have some kind of a talent, but I’m just a loser who gets himself into troubles.”
‘I have a dinner with the minister’ Silent. ‘…I have to apologize’ smiling ‘…would you like to come?’
"You remind me of someone else..." Sherlock answers, walking silently, trying to understand where her voice comes from.
‘Okay you made me get the munchies now, let me taste it’ Greg asks, looking at the desserts, but John takes the last piece and quickly eats it, and munching, still looking at Greg, says ‘All the bright precious things fade so fast and they don’t come back’ with a sarcastic smile on his face.
Sherlock sits for a while, in complete silent. Then takes his pc and checks facebook, looking at Mary’s profile:
"Are we going to see the real characters of this show tonight?" The journalist turns, to ask the question to Jeremy Brett, the actor who portrays Sherlock Holmes. "What do you think of the real man, Sherlock? The man behind the cases? Have you ever been in touch with him? People said he may be here, tonight."
‘The first day you were in your honeymoon’ then shows him more photos ‘Here at Victor’s winery bar, drinking...the second day of the week..this one at the Japanese restaurant in Soho.., the third one...’
‘Sher- Jesus christ’ he opens the living room door and finds Sherlock lying on the floor, in a pool of blood and vomit. His face lies still with his mouth wide open. John runs to Sherlock’s fallen body, bending down, he puts two fingers on his neck to check for a pulse. Thankfully, he finds one, and Sherlock stirs a bit.
‘Yes! Give friends space If they need it.’ John still hasn’t clued in about his reference to internet source material.
John see Greg’s person appear outside the tall window, rubbing his fingers together and looking away to the floor of the flat. Standing still in the living room for a while, John’s steps pitter-patter toward the bedroom. He shifts about to place his ear to the door, listening intently as Mycroft’s voice boomed,
‘Or! He could have taken it after we walked out. John, you cannot make assumptions okay? It is not your fault if Sherlock overdosed. You have saved his life. You should be… proud of yourself instead of… instead of blaming yourself.’
‘We keep on talking and telling each other the rudest and weirdest things everyday, and....sometimes we forget the simplest and most obvious ones..Don’t you think, doctor Watson?’
‘I thought you knew it, that I had the honeymoon, we postponed It because Mary had to work, don’t you remember that?’ Sherlock doesn’t answer. ‘I’ll help you today, just not this afternoon. Mary will be away until this evening, and we fly tomorrow afternoon. I still have to arrange some things, you know.’
Sherlock takes a long breath, turning to his moleskine, faking to sketch, thinking. ‘Next time you bring up this discussion I’ll leave you’
John returns momentarily to grab his drink. After taking a quick sip, he gestures to Sherlock and the meal, saying, ‘Try it, it is good.’ Then, drink still in hand, he leaves. The door creaks in his wake.
‘You don’t always have to say you’re fine, tell me how you really feel’ Sherlock then opens his eyes and stares at John for a moment. John smiles at him ‘What?’
‘This great woman, Mary, gave us the list!’ Lestrade comments, and turns to look at the blonde, who rewards him with a glittery-white smile.
“So you are telling me that you never met Mrs. Morstan to collaborate about the Moran case?" John interrupts Sherlock, whispering “what about the list? the list she gave us...the illegal surgeons that worked in London two years ago?"
‘I bet this will bring more readers to your blog, John. You’ll be happy’ Sherlock comments looking at the newspaper.
“They were wrong. I know you. I know who you are. You would never do that to me. Never." Victor smiles, suddenly looking more relaxed and cheerful “That’s all I wanted to hear” He slowly kisses Sherlock, biting his lips while looking into his eyes, then suddenly laughs.
John suddenly shouts, annoyed, yelling ‘So why don’t you tell me??? Is it so hard to be honest and tell me everything?? I’m doing my best to come back with Sherlock, but it’s hard for me to help him if I don’t know who the hell is this man!’
‘You can’t make assumptions without proofs, John is not interested me in that way, so your assumptions is completely wrong’
“It’s beautiful, and I know it’s too late now. Sorry if I never read it. I know you felt bad every time I told you I didn’t read it. Sorry if I didn’t care. Sorry if I never cared as much as you cared.”
‘…..I thought I was special for him. When he died I lost everything. And then Mary arrived. I had nothing to live for and she made it a little bit better. And that’s why I married her. But then Sherlock came back, and Victor arrived. And I realized I’m not special for him anymore.’
Mary: "If you take one more step I'll push the trigger and it could kill John, you'll regret it for the rest of your life, what do you think now, superhero? I think you would kill yourself right here if John died, wouldn't you?"
‘Do you know Woodley?’ Sherlock demands, hands clenching in anticipation of reading the letters contents.
Without any obvious indication, the group separates. Three go toward the left, Sherlock and another man head right, they all wave each other off, and walk towards their opposite destinations. Sherlock shouts something to the others, they turn and answer, and then go away. Sherlock totters toward the street, when the man next to him runs toward him, Greg and John can hear him say ‘hey, wait!!!’ while laughing. ‘Come on, there’s the street, wait up!’
‘It’s better to stay here, than to get off, and walk on shards of pavement! Just get away Mrs. Hudson!’ he shouts.
You must be sitting alone on a bench, bored. Maybe a bit drunk. I don’t care what detective Lestrade is doing right now, there are hundreds of guests at the wedding. Why not just enjoy yourself by deducing their life-stories? I know you think this is all fun and games, but please, stop interrupting me while I’m working.
‘THIS IS A FUCKING PEN GREG!I TOLD YOU TO GET A MARKER! A MARKER! I MUST PUT THIS FUCKING NEEDLE IN HIS HEART! IT MUST BE PRECISE!’
His phone rings: a new message, Sherlock reaches a hand in his pocket and pulls it out to read the text.
Seraphita’s nickname in Moriarty’s gang was Tiger, she faked her death and changed name to come back in London and have her money after Moriarty‘s death. But first, she killed Philiph Fox.’
‘Sherlock wants that damn list, and he’s imploring Lestrade to have it by tomorrow, Greg is hopeless.’
‘He said he was rude to me and wanted to invite me to his winery in Soho this afternoon. He talked me about his…
‘What?’ Greg exclaims incredulously. His eyes squinted, nose scrounging as his expression gave way to a wave of confusion.
‘Come on, Molly, you’re lovely and cute and beautiful, and I’m sure you’ll find the perfect man that will love you as much as you wish, one day’ John comments, looking at her, smiling
‘Do you manage it from your pc??’ Greg looks closer at Sherlock’s pc, clicking on history event, and reads all the passages done by the alarm system, then sees Sherlock’s activity online: Mary’s facebook account over and over
Sherlock strides in and makes a beeline for Greg, he finds the D.I. sitting back at the table, a drink in his hand and an assassin’s smirk on his face.
Mrs Hudson continues: "She's in the hospital, she pulled through...but Victor...” Mrs. Hudson looks at Sherlock, crying, trying to take courage. “Oh Sherlock I’m so sorry.....”
‘Sherl-‘ suddenly Lestrade opens the bedroom’s door and stands still for few seconds, astonished, not saying a word, his mouth wide opened in shock
‘Sherlock! Sherlock! What the hell happened Sherlock!’ He sees the powder, the rolled up pounds on the table, and understands.
They kidnapped her, probably Daniel escaped after the shooting and now Moran is worried he could reveal her identity. She wants to find him.
‘Sherlock too?’ Greg questions, John silently watches the scene unfold. They both go toward a building, the man opens the gate then walk towards the door, Sherlock walks slowly, mumbling words, then leans against the main entrance door, gesticulating and talking, the man next to him smiles and opens the door, he comes inside. Sherlock follows him and closes the door behind him.
‘Don’t shout at me! Don’t shout at me, okay? It just makes me more nervous, and I’m already nervous, I don’t need it!’
Don't worry, fame will pass soon. Sherlock solved the case in a couple of hours. But he got a couple of interviews from the Bbc, and the victim's boyfriend is giving some money to a school today, so I think the press will be visiting us.
‘That alarm system is totally safe and it’s 100% good for you, and I already told you that you can manage it as you wish, turn that off every time you want, unless when you’re out and when you sleep, at least.’
John goes to the index, finds what he’s looking for, quickly scans the lines, and then says, ‘Okay.’
Mycroft’s eyes stray from Lestrade’s figure, staring instead at the cracks in the pavement. His lips purse, as a sullen smirk attempts to overcome his grumpily hunched frame. Mycroft murmurs to himself, listening intently to Greg’s steps, ‘If only it were that easy.’
‘No no, I’m being serious, if you want I can help, it’s not a big deal for us to get that list. If you want I can make some calls.’
‘Yes! And I also remember you said I was the best thing that could happen to you! And now you come back home whenever you want, you go out at night not telling me where you are going. He’s become a problem you don’t want to discuss. I see a man who started living again when he met me, after Sherlock’s death. Who was happy with his new life. And when Sherlock has come back you just understood what a mistake you did marrying me’
‘If you need anything. Anything at all, you can call me. Okay?’ John sucks in a quick breath to steady his nerves, then swoops down to hug Sherlock from behind. Sherlock’s eyes spring open, and every muscle in his body freezes and John settles down into the sofa, effectively spooning him.
Lestrade laughs, Mary cracks another blinding smile. John frowns at Sherlock, and then slowly turns toward Lestrade.
‘Who’s a real Londoner in this town?’ Sherlock suddenly answers, looking at John ‘nobody, everyone is a foreigner, we’re in the third biggest city of Europe, 70% of people we meet every day are tourists or immigrants, of course he wasn’t from London’
Sherlock frowns at him, then stutters ‘…I was just…you know’ gesticulating with his hands ‘checking if everything was alright’
Greg trudges off downstairs to find Woodley as Sherlock and John stumbled back to the privéè section.
‘Well, he surely didn’t buy all this stuff at your supermarket, John,’ Sherlock cracks laughing.  John smiles nervously.
‘Our room’ Sherlock comments, surprised, smiling, touching the polaroid with his left fingers, he looks at it for a bit, thinking.
Sherlock hums, quickly rolling it up and going away. When they walks out the hotel Sherlock calls for a taxi, while John keeps making him answers ‘Is that a Reichenbach map? That's the hospital'
Greg smiles looking at him 'It's the rule, never organize a surprise party twice in a row. It's gonna be a disaster, everyone knows it'
Lestrade looks disheartened, ‘You should get yourself sorted Mrs. Hudson. Go downstairs, the ambulance will help you.’ He puts a gentle hand on her shoulder, and gives her a soft, and encouraging shove, she relents, and turns back down the stairs. ‘Sally! Take care of her!’ Lestrade shouts down the staircase ‘Make sure they get her a blanket!’
‘And…and congratulations to Mary Morstan!’ He raised his glass of champagne at the newlyweds who smile broadly back.
‘Oh, I see, he popped up at your door.’ Mycroft grins, leering at his brother, ‘What did you tell him?’
‘Adair met a man the day he died named Woodley,who works at the Ku Club in Tottenham. I booked a table for this evening.’
‘I…Sherlock, what is happening? Why are you so nervous, and jumpy. You’re mumbling and I don’t think I’m understanding you.’
‘Are you sure that…you're not trying to convince yourself that Sherlock is not capable of love because you're simply afraid to have made a mistake with him?’
‘I have to sleep! Stop listening to music at midnight! I heard such a racket upstairs I don’t know how the neighbors didn’t call the police! Tell Sherlock to stop!’
Victor ‘Exactly! For God’s sake, fuck off your family and live your love, why are you so worried to come out and live your life as you want, as you really are?’
The woman nods, not speaking, taking the napkin and lowering her head. Mary holds her hand “Be strong, I’ll do my best to bring Daniel home. I promise it.”
A smile grows slowly, as the sun rises, the man breaking into loud laughter as he stares at John. He states, ‘You’re just like his brother.’
Victor puts the cup of coffee on the window sill ‘Love is a dangerous thing, sometimes’ He stands up, going toward the kitchen ‘Poor Rance..I can’t imagine how his life is going to be now’
Victor enters in the living room in a hurry, Sherlock notices his agitation. “Where did I put my watch? It is here?”
His thoughts are cut off by the sharp ring of the doorbell. He can tell by the pressure that it is his former flatmate. Sherlock shuts his eyes, but moves nothing else. The bell chimes again. Yet he still does not move. Then without warning, he suddenly jumps off the leather chair, and runs down the stairs. With an enormous frozen smile, he flings open the door.
‘Sure! How about that! Sherlock couldn’t interpret those gestures as something..more than friendly..’
Sherlock pours the tea, adds sugar, places both cups on the table, and then turns back to the cabinets. ‘Where are they? Where are they?’ he whispers to himself, while opening all the drawers rapidly. ‘Mrs. Hudson!’ Sherlock shouts, before huffing and putting his hands on his hips, looking at the drawers. He walks hurriedly toward the living room door, and continues shouting. ‘Mrs Hud-‘
Mary smiles."Oh, really? What a coincidence..I'm going there, too. It'll be a pleasure to see him, Patricia."
The doorbell rings, interrupting their banter. Mary walks out the bedroom putting on earrings, and answers it.
Sherlock goes toward the bathroom door ‘Well, these are the bright ideas of your boyfriend!’ pointing at the cctv cameras up in the corner of the kitchen.
‘No, no, no! Sorry! I’m so sorry!’ John sputters an apology at them, ‘we’re from the police...sort of...’ The women stop their hysterics, as Sherlock flashes police credentials. ‘Everything alright?’
‘He couldn’t even try, anyway’ Sherlock adds ‘He knew I could go to your dad’s home whenever I wanted to’
‘Only in order to give you the luxury of never growing up at all, Sherlock’ walks toward the door ‘Goodbye, dear brother, and don’t forget to take the pills’ walking downstairs, toward the main door
Everyone has already watched, downloaded and emailed the thing round...' Lestrade's voice quietens, as guilt tugs his brows down and his lips assault the last of his coffee.
‘You will not speak of my family like that again. Do you understand what I could do?’ Staring angrily and pointing his finger at her, Mycroft persists, ‘I hired you Anthea. You’re my secretary and you do as you’re told. Think of this as an expansion on your current role responsibilities. Do not forget that it is not your place to impede on my family life.’ He turns slowly, taking the bag. Upon a thought, he turns back to her, ‘All the things I’ve done for you since I found you. I leave you a while and look how you fall Anthea.” Mycroft shakes his head, “Pity really, I expected so much of you – growth and yet, nothing… what a disappointment you’ve become as of late regardless of the salary increases.’
Greg grins, turning away from Mycroft. His soles tap loudly against the cement, as he wonders down the street. He calls back over his shoulder, idly, ‘Well, then try to stay away from him.’
They still look at each other, Mycroft continues ‘I suggest you to take more lessons, that one you took at his winery last Monday wasn’t good enough, I believe he just opened it for you, right? A private opening, I presume.’
Sherlock drops the laptop onto the cushion, and strolls into kitchen. He stops at archway, watching Mrs. Hudson arranging his things.
Mycroft walks into the bathroom, turning the hot water on and plugging the drain. Steam rises, as the bathtub fills to the brim. A honey coloured liquid oozes from a bottle Mycroft holds above the unblemished water. Foamy bubbles erupt, overtaking the borders of the bathtub and seeping down the sides onto the tiled floor. Upon returning to the bedroom Mycroft finds Sherlock’s frame has not stuttered. He continues to sit proudly, though incoherently, reluctant to slumber. Sherlock rubs constantly at his eyes, red and sore, his stomach whining. The scrunch of his nose suggests disgust and Mycroft cannot stop the silent scrunch of his own features as he watches.
“You can’t do anything, anymore. We’re loosing, Mycroft. Let’s face it.” Sherlock answers, dejected.
‘No…well we had problems, but …uh, we’re trying to sort it out, you know, and John is always willing and able to help me figure everything out’ Greg gives a nervous smile.
‘And now everything seems to have a sense,…now that I meet you again. This city is not grey anymore, it has colors now, it has a sense now, because I have somebody I can show my winery to. Passions are nothing if you haven’t somebody who appreciate what you do, somebody who listen to my comments about the books I love and the job I have….. …what is all about in life if not having someone you can talk to when you come back at home?’
‘But she didn’t love him as much as he loved her, what’s the point? She didn’t even go to his funeral’
‘There was a sheet you had to read and you didn’t. They told me they couldn’t send it, because the documents are too important and
to leave you. You still don’t understand!’ Sherlock shouts. John stands silently, frightened by the outburst.
Mrs Hudson adds sugar and aims to leave with her own cup, leaving a spare steaming one for him. She hopes terribly that the heat will draw him away from his mood.
‘I don’t know. That’s your business. You two know what you went through. So, I think…. uh, ask him to have a private moment and then tell him what you need to tell him.’
‘I don’t know, let’s ask’ Sherlock calls the waitress, who stops at their table, enlisting all the desserts
Sherlock stares at Mycroft, sulking, then jumps out the sofa closing the suitcase “I’ll take you to the hospital”
Greg is reading the newspaper, standing near the table, his legs crossed. Mrs Hudson enters in the living room. “Since Mycroft moved here this flat is so....tidy!"
‘No!’ he turns back to John ‘I spent one week trying to get to his name and now I want that stupid agenda’
Correct: My feelings were really hurt by our fight. I don’t know where to start, but I think saying sorry is a good idea.
‘I’ll wash it properly later.’ Mycroft gently says to himself more than to his brother whose eyes drifted closed and head tilted to the side.
John grabs the cup by his right hand, whispering and mumbling words ‘I’m starting to think he was right’
“...that was the last time I saw her. Then she called to tell me she was going to her friend’s house to take some class notes....but she never went there.”
‘It’s one in the morning and you want to know about a t-shirt… go to sleep john. We have a flight tomorrow! We need to wake up early! We have to be at the airport by twelve.’
Brando turns toward Victor, barking at him ‘No...’ Sherlock comments ‘He’s playing now, he can’t bring you out,’ caressing him on the head, then comes back lying on the sofa, sketching on the moleskine, drawing a little more. Brando stands next to him, watching him.
Sherlock runs in the bedroom, slowly opening the door. He silently walks in, checking if John is still sleeping, his arms wide spread, snoring. Sherlock takes his phone on the bedside table, reading the message.
‘Yes, probably. I honestly don’t know what’s wrong with it, we’re all having a good chat and you’re the only one who doesn’t answer to the questions.’
‘A bit…tired, the wound on his leg will hurt for a while, but it isn’t deep. I believe he’s got a fever though.’ Molly touches his forehead.
John takes a long breath, ready to reply, but Sherlock stops him “-And you’re suspicious about Mary because she’s always away not telling you why. And this leads you to accuse Victor because you’re too scared she might be involved in the case.”
‘I believe there’s a…surprise for you, Sherlock’ Mrs. Hudson rests her hand on the packed tray. Sherlock frowns as he moves towards it.
Sherlock and John share a nervous glance, but then simultaneous swallow their shots.  John’s eyes bulge at the sharpness of the alcohol, and shakes his head in a failed effort to clear the fog that suddenly envelopes him. Sherlock isn’t used to the burning sensation hard liquor brings, and his head begins to throb, as bile threatens to surface.
Mary laughs "Fantastic. Really nice story. What a drama queen, but I'll kill you, Sherlock, like I killed the rest of useless idiots who dared to go against me. "
A moment of silence...John huffs out, dejected, then turns away...walking nervously through the living room “You know what’s the only mistake I’ve done? Trusting Greg, and coming back to you for this fucking case. I didn’t have to listen to him. And you know why? Because I still haven’t forgiven you for what you’ve done to me. Because if you had told me you were alive I would have waited for you. I wouldn’t have moved on, trying to survive, meeting someone that could make me feel a little better than a piece of shit ready to kill myself. And I probably wouldn’t have come back with you pretending to care about the case and see you avoiding me since Victor arrived.”
When they walk in, Sherlock goes outside the room, on the balcony, turning left. He looks at the picture on the wall of Tiger Jack. John walks out, looking at Sherlock ‘Fingers crossed.’ he comments, looking nervously at the picture on the wall. Sherlock slowly takes the picture away from the wall, suddenly a sheet falls on the floor. John and Sherlock look simultaneously at each other, giggling.
Greg, Sherlock, John and Molly are having a night out at the pub. During the dinner, there are flashbacks about the week Sherlock passed during John's absence.
They hear the audience clapping hands from the basement, both rise their eyes and look at each other again.
‘We need to… clarify things.’ John sighs, eyes moistening, ‘We don’t talk properly. You know what I’m referring to.’
John paused, shocked at his best friends words, but then finally roused himself to speak when he realized his mouth was hanging open. ‘Umm...Yes….Sherlock. Uh, I’m okay...I...'
‘I did it! I mean, I’m doing it right now. I’m in the middle of learning everything. I have everything stored in my mind palace. It’s all in there. All the words, everything. Perfectly organized. I just need to kept them in the forefront and put them in order. Then, I‘ll be ready when I have to…to...apologize.'
‘Is the minister aware that you’ve done nothing but watch over your brother recently, ignoring your work?’
‘Yeah, I know. I’m not saying it’ll be like the old days. I just wanted to let you know that we personally missed you and...,I mean you don’t have to follow him everywhere, like before. You can…have your time. Your life, and when he needs you, you can just give him an hand, right?’
‘Well, you know it can happen, it was a bad moment for you, and you should understand her, I mean she wanted to have fun and relax…as she should understand you, don’t worry, you’ll fix everything up soon, you’ll book another holiday soon and you’ll enjoy it’
Mycroft opens the front and steps out of 221 Baker Street without responding, while Sherlock continues to rant and rave despite the slam that accompanies Mycroft’s departure.
‘Because the case has been reopened’ Sherlock answers, stopping her and looking straight into her eyes.
Lestrade looks utterly embarrassed, now it’s his turn to smile nervously. The silence that falls is unbearable.
"No, because every time i'm with you it happens that you start talking about Sherlock and feelings, and what I should tell him...and you drag me into this, and I don't want it to happen again."
John ponders the idea for a while, and the says, ‘We could…just be outside the pub, and see what happens? I mean, we could take a walk by or just wait in the car?’
Woodley spins around and begins preparing the cocktail. Sherlock calls to the back of him ‘Did you know Adair?’
‘Yes…’ Sherlock whispers, looking at the polaroid ‘It’s beautiful…and sad, gloomy in some way, …even if those were hard days for me….they had their beauty …’
“I’m not covering Mary! It’s you! You’re trying to cover Victor! Ok he's innocent but he really met Adair and other Moran friends so he lied to you! He has to do with the case, accept it! That's why he's your boyfriend, you're using him! Mary gave us the photos because she works for the C.I.A, I don't suspect anything!"
Sherlock marches to the doorway and gras the frame, stammering ‘F-f-fine, Mrs. Hudson. Thank you, and goodnight.’The door frame shudders, as Sherlock shuts the door. Disturbed, Mrs Hudson quivers. ‘Oh my.’ she whimpers, staring at the closed door. She gingerly returns to her flat, turning round a few times in the hope of seeing the young man open the door for some consolation.
‘You know brother...how I assured myself that the cctv weren’t put in your bedroom, for privacy. But I soon found myself regretting to have place them in the living room, too...buI knew it was all done to simply showing off, you really are trying to have a life since John left, taking Victor as an excuse to show the world you can have someone by your side, too.’
They heard cautious steps coming closer. The detective immediately withdrew his hands as both of their heads turned to the source of the sound.
The army doctor has had multiple near death experiences, he had seen the horrors of the war with his own eyes, and yet, if you asked him today, he would tell you that this was the most terrifying moment of his entire life.
Clara's lungs felt as if they were frozen but she kept taking shaky breaths, a shudder running down her spine every time she did so. Her eyes were closed, tears forcing their way through her eyelids and streaming down her damp cheeks.
Sherlock paused for a second, letting the new information sink in. Extraterrestrial? Do they mean aliens? At first, the detective abandoned the idea, but now after he had seen moving statues, he wasn't too sure anymore. He wasn't sure of anything, actually.
A pile of boxes on one side and the kitchen on the other side greeted him, bringing with them piles of work. Yay.
just grinned. Again. Apparently that man couldn’t do another facial expression than smiling, smirking, or grinning. That’s what made him so charming, after all.
Suddenly, the woman pointed the gun at them. A sort of buzzing sound accompanied by a blue light came from it. The light grew bigger and brighter as the sound got louder. The next thing John remembered was being pushed to the side and the cold, wet feeling on his temple as he made contact with the ground. Sherlock had gotten them out of the line of shot and probably saved both of their lives.
"What does DEA stand for?" he asked, knowing that she wasn't open for answering their questions but asked anyway.
'He is just playing with you, Sherlock!’ his mother said in Sherlock's mind. 'His lingering looks or silly nicknames mean nothing. He is just trying to get in you-’   Sherlock mentally cut her off. He didn’t need to hear anything else. He knew she was right and he knew that he was being extremely foolish, but Sherlock didn’t believe that he could help it.
"I heard that you are smart, but you can't possibly deduce my name, so tell me first how you figured it out," Ms Oswald replied, seeming more amused than offended or impressed. She didn't seem to sweat at all for some reason.
on his usual table. It was the one in the corner, next to the houseplant (which Sherlock had nicknamed Jonathan), and right by the window.
Sherlock put the finished coffee on a small saucer and placed a couple of biscuits on a plate next to it. John wanted something that made a lot of crumbs, and biscuits certainly did that.
He heard John chuckle deeply. It was like music to his ears. “No, as much as I love your legendary cupcakes, I want something else today.” He paused, like he was waiting for Sherlock to say something.
Sherlock's eyes found John's in the exact second in which he picked up his order and Sherlock shakily made his way towards him. Sherlock began to tremble nervously under John's lingering gaze, and his knees felt like they would give way at any moment. It was making him uncomfortable, being watched so closely by someone so attractive. Sherlock was ready to just drop John's food on the floor and storm out of the bakery. Then he could just change his name and start a life as a shepherd in Italy.
Sherlock tried not to show it, but he felt doubt tugging at his confidence, and it was driving him mad. Why didn't he know?
Sherlock noticed that John's entire body was trembling, as their shoulders brushed against each other.
"That statue," he pointed at an angel out of stone that was standing about 10 meters away from them, "It has moved since the last time we passed it."
Sherlock quickly decided that it was probably better if he just kept his attention on his muffins, and continued to stare at them as he put them into the case.
She saw him falling down the pitch black whole over and over again. She saw how his wrinkled hand held onto hers and she still knew how it felt when the warmth of his hands vanished as he let go. Her throat still hurt from when she screamed his name at the top of her lungs. She still felt the throbbing pain in her knees from when they had made contact with the stony floor.
Though she didn't believe that. When you've travelled with the doctor, you tended to believe the impossible, even if the impossible was a possible message hidden in a Tardis blue trashcan.
John walked closely behind Ms Oswald and Sherlock, who were now walking next to each other, and paid attention to their conversation. Even after all those years, he still liked to hear Sherlock's deductions.
“Something that makes a lot of crumbs.” He requested proudly, like his words had just ended a war. Sherlock still hadn’t lifted his gaze from the cupcakes.
Clara looked around, trying to determine what time she was in and buried her freezing hands in the pockets of her jacket. Judging by the snow covering the trees and various people wearing scarves and hats, it was winter.
She reached down, grabbed the paper, and pulled it out, and straightened it before examining it carefully.
Then his attention snapped elsewhere. A short woman emerging from the shadows, and also the source where the explosion had come from, walked towards them. As she stepped closer, John saw that she was holding giant gun. It looked very modern and he couldn't recall having seen it during his time in the army. She had short hair, that was all he could see through the thick fog.
John wiped sweat off his forehead and swatted a mosquito that had landed on his wrist, the humid climate in combination with several annoying insects weren't really agreeing with him. They, and by they I mean Ms Oswald, had made him wear one of those ridiculous safari hats as well. This, and the fact that he had quite visible sweat stains under his armpits and around his neck, made him feel like an old man on holiday. The only thing missing was some low quality camera.
"Of course the Tardis drops me off a whole year too early," she muttered and sat down on the bench next to the trashcan.
John sighed as he threw his arms up, "Fine. Let's say you're not actually kidding me. I'm sure you just imagined it, it's still pretty early in the morning and you're just as sleep deprived as I am."
John looked at Sherlock with thoughtful eyes. The detective had changed so much in these past months. Of course, he was still a genius and overall interesting person, but he had gotten more sentimental. He didn't stop himself from showing that he actually cared for people, and also started acting like a father with Rosie. It was weird and unusual for Sherlock, but John didn't mind. He had always known that Sherlock cared for him, so it didn't matter whether he was expressing it freely or not. Though, he loved seeing that Rosie and him got along so well.
Suddenly, an image of his mother looking at him very disapprovingly came to his mind. Though he hated to admit it, he knew exactly why she was giving him that look. It was well known that John, aka Doctor John Hamish Watson, was quite the lady’s man. Just in bisexual form. In other words: he jumped from woman to woman or man to man. He made them feel special, and then he just dumped them the next day.
Rays of the early rising sun fell on Sherlock's marble like skin as he walked alongside John, who seemed a bit groggy with his grayish hair shimmering in the sun.
"Do you see anything?" he whispered. The detective could feel John's breath on his skin. He shook his head, no.
Clara reluctantly stepped closer, her headache still present and dizzying her senses. She was standing right in front of it and, if she turned her head down, she would be able to see its contents. She played with the hem of her shirt, as her breathing became ragged.
the muffins. His bakery was known for its delicious muffins, so he usually had to refill the case at least twice a day. Some people actually came here for the muffins every day, like those two teenage girls, Nancy and Darcy, or a lovely old lady by the name of Mrs
I also can't go home and get money or clothes because I don't remember anyone breaking into my flat in 2013.
He then put his food on the table and desperately tried to cover up his furious blush somehow, to no avail. John had already seen Sherlock's beetroot red face, it being hard to miss, and
John looked lifted his head, Sherlock was laying next to him, and let his gaze scan the area. There were no angels or people in sight, so John turned his head to look at Sherlock.
This time he wasn't surprised at himself, but at John. He had been visiting Sherlock's bakery for half a year now and he had never ordered anything else than one of his cupcakes with a black coffee to go along with. “Oh, really?” Sherlock said, trying his best not to sound bothered. “Well, then what can I give you today?”
His gaze rested upon her in awe, an emotion that John had never seen on his beloved detective before.
Have you ever seen something while taking a walk or maybe going to school that looked just slightly out of place? As if it were something that didn't belong there but trying to fit in. It can be a rose bush in between daisies or, like in Clara's case, a blue trashcan in a park full of green trashcans. But not just any kind of blue, no, it was Tardis blue.
