I fling open the door to find Andrew - one of the boys in the homeless network - standing there. "Mr. Holmes, sir," he stammers. "A man gave me this envelope and told me to make sure you got it this morning." I crouch down to be more at eye level with the lad. "Did he tell you what it was about, Andrew?" "No, sir. Only that it was really important. So important he told me he'd give me 10 quid to make sure I got it to you right away." Andrew's eyes sparkled. "I ran all the way here with it." "You did well, lad. Go get yourself something to eat." I hand the boy another 10 quid. He smiles broadly, and skips up the street. "John, we may well have a clue," I holler as I return to Mrs. Hudson's kitchen, where John has poured the tea and is waiting.
"Are you calling me a liar Gregory Lestrade? If I must learn to accept the truth that you enjoy me then you must learn to accept that I will not lie -to you- even when it is best I do so." I huff at his double standards.
"You were right about Irene. She can't be trusted." I lean up on my elbow and look down at him. "We need to get away anyway. I want to see my brother, talk to him. If after that, you decide I'm still not safe, then we'll move on."
"We got lost." Something ‘bout her seems as off as the cottage. "We were hoping you'd let us stay for a bit, maybe eat and warm up, before we head out. Mrs...?" The woman is quite striking.
I wrinkle my nose at the shelter he's selected, but I know not to complain. I head a little ways off and gather an armful of small branches and twigs, bringing them back to near the fallen tree, where I sit down and strip off the smallest twigs and leaves, as I did for the fire by the cave.
I slip the mask up slightly so I can take a big bite of the peach, only to realize how juicy it is. I quickly take out a handkerchief to keep the juice from ruining the shirt Greg loaned me.
With a whine, I writhe under his hips. I can feel my cheeks flush as I watch him lick and suck my fingers.
Having four men and only one horse makes for a long walk home. When they arrived, Mycroft followed through on his vow and all Holmes properly and wealth was officially given to Sherlock despite his fight against is. John and Sherlock lived a long and love filled life together. Mycroft moved into Greg's rooms at the Castle but spent every day at the Holmes Estate teaching various subjects to the children Sherlock saved after they lost their parents. Greg soon became the personal guard to the new Kings consort and spent his nights laughing, arguing, and loving his life partner.
Up ahead, Martha hums to herself and she carries the tray up the stairs. "How sweet of the boys to both make me hearts. I thought they were both quite... nice, in their own way."
Sherlock
"I will do my best to not be a burden Gregory." I make a mental note to add a pair of the extra socks to my britches when we do stop. "You have not yet mentioned your price."
"You've probably seen thousands of people in your lifetime, John... is it someone you saw recently? In the past month? Six months? Year? Let's narrow it down just a tad?"
Mycroft
"Will you bring it to me yourself?" As he finishes the first peach I hand him another.
Sherlock
"Dear gods yes." In this position on my lap his legs are open. I grab the vial again and pour much more oil than I usually do. This is not the best oil for use but it does wonders in the water. It's a good skill of mine to be prepared for multiple contingencies. I rub the oil over the fingers of both our hands then slide mine between us.
I wake with a start to find Sherlock’s ice cold arse nestled into my groin.
I originally opened up the Journal to narrate the trip thus far, maybe to describe the changes in Gregory and my relationship, but words would not come to me. Instead I have spent time drawing yet another picture of my Gregory in the throes of passion.
"You don't know what type he likes but you're getting him milk. Seems a bit hinky. Maybe you could text him. Or..." I wait for him to respond to my prompt.
Have you met a James Moriarty?
Mycroft
Mycroft
I chuckle along with him. "She was always disappointed in us, even without knowing that. Knowing she wasn't my real mother explained a lot. I only wish you or father had said something sooner. Perhaps things would have been different."
I roll my eyes dramatically. "Don't be ridiculous, Gregory. It's not like I was going home with him..."
"Come now, John. I doubt your password is all that difficult." I try a few easy choices, which predictably fail. "A-ha!" I cry out, lunging at the keyboard once more. I type in "DrJHWatson2004" and grin widely as I am granted access. "You'll have to try harder next time," I wink at him.
Irene
Mycroft
"We're hoping to have her back soon." Sooner the better before she gets hurt or worse. Soon enough Sherlock doesn't waste away from not leaving his Mind Palace.
anyone to know you see him, do you?” I let out a laugh. “He’s right – he is your ‘dirty little secret.’”
"No arguments. You are the man of the house, so you need to handle this. I don't care how you do it, but you need to ensure he will not return." She can't bring herself to tell Mycroft to kill his brother, but it is implied in her tone, and the look of shock on Mycroft's face proves she had gotten the point across.
Mycroft
I'm about to complain that he's being too gentle, too slow, when he starts thrusting into me with earnest. Rough enough to take my breath away, but not rough enough to hurt me. My John... my perfect John. I grab a handful of his hair and pull him down to kiss him, nipping at his lower lip.
"Quiche Lorraine. You like all the ingredients."
I look at him, more than a little shocked at what he's told me. I get out of bed and walk over to him, take the glass of brandy out of his hand, and walk him gently but firmly to sit on the bed with me. "From what I remember of your stepmother, you did your brother a kindness - she likely would have killed him outright. At least you gave him an explanation, and a chance." I put my arm around his trembling shoulders. "I will help you. But you need more than liquid nourishment." I hand him another piece of toast.
“Just so I understand you correctly, Sherlock. Have you just offered…” he swallowed, but his voice stayed even, icily calm. “Have you just offered to pay me support? To give me money, in exchange for - what exactly? What do I have to do to earn my keep?”
“Oh come on, it was a good try.”
All the pints he'd drunk were working themselves through his system, and John felt the need to visit the loo. He slid off his seat, took off his jacket and draped it over the barstool to save his place, and made his way into the men's room in a surprisingly straight line. He giggled. The last time he was this drunk was just after he finished his Doctorate and he and his mates had gone out to celebrate. Even then, Mike had remarked on John's ability to move without appearing drunk, something which had changed when the revellers had hit the club's dance floor. Ah, the days of youth, John thought.
There had been a look of almost-recognition on John's face, but it was quickly replaced by an almost abject terror. John had blinked, and when he had opened his eyes again, there was nothing of the John Sherlock knew left in his eyes.
“Don’t worry, Miss, I’m a Doctor. I know how much I can handle.” The barmaid looked at him for a moment, assessing him, then shrugged. “Suit yourself”, she said, and reached for the fiver he had put on the bar, then pulled on the tap and handed him a full glass. “Have one for yourself, ok?” John said when she tried to give him his change. She smiled and drew herself a coke.
Sherlock shifted his stance, feeling slightly embarrassed to have so completely forgotten about the case yesterday. "Any advances?" Inwardly Sherlock cringed at the apologetic tone of his voice. No, he was definitely not on top of his game.
“That's a real human skull. Is that mine?”
John came back to the present with a shudder. He stood up and reached for the edge of the black bag still covering the man’s face, pulling it up. He had to be certain.
John felt himself blushing and cleared his throat. "What, no bad sides? Doesn't sound like me at all."
Harry’s face was a distorted with fury, and she clutched the bottle tightly in her hand. “Let go of my drink”, she spat. “Let go of my fucking drink!”
“That was a good long one, wasn't it?” one of them says with satisfaction.
John felt his lips grow tight. He knew where this was going, could almost predict what Harry would say next.
“Yeah, I suppose they will.” He sighed. “I saved his life in Afghanistan, Sherlock, and now he’s lying there, dead, cut up like a cadaver in med school.” John looked up bleakly at Sherlock. “He would have died in battle, instead he’s become a murder victim. What’s the use of me saving his life, of saving any life, if they just die anyway?”
He didn’t know that it was about to get a lot worse.
There is a rather good blog article about St Bartholomew's
“Bastards said they had to downsize, so they offered me a part-time job, reduced fucking salary, but that’s bullshit, firm’s doing well, I should know, so I told them, I said, that’s bullshit and you know it, I’m
“John found in hospital. A car is waiting for you outside.”
John was horrified. Yes, he had wanted to ask why he had a gun in his bedside drawer, but he couldn't remember taking it with him, or pointing it at Sherlock. Good Lord, if he had pulled the trigger...!
Sherlock took a mental step backwards and inspected the case construct. He breathed out in frustration. Too many empty nodes; not enough information. And quite a few nodes where John's input would be needed. He opened his eyes and looked at his mobile. It was twenty past three in the morning and John hadn't come home yet. The date went well, Sherlock concluded, and it was unlikely that John would be home before nine o'clock the next morning. There was nothing he could do on the case, nothing but wait until John got back. He might as well go to bed.
Carlton looked at him. “It's in Islington, somewhere between St Pancras and Angel stations. Why?”
… and then it was not a stranger on the bed reaching out but his father, pale and emaciated. John fell to his knees beside the hospital bed. “Why didn't you tell me!” he wailed at his father. “Why, dad? Why did you keep it a secret, why did you let me go when you knew I wouldn't see you again? Why didn't you let me help!”
"John is not dead, Sherlock. He is just... absent for a while."
“Doing what?” John asked. “I know you're not a doctor, you said so yourself.”
going to let you cut my job in half, next thing I know I have a bloody
(See the end of the chapter for
Before John could think of a reply, the cab slowed to a halt. John got out and looked at the building in front of him while Sherlock paid the cabbie, then joined him on the pavement.
Of course, Mycroft didn't reply with a text; instead, Sherlock's mobile rang with a call.
"Oh great", John sighed. "I'm a nutcase."
John laughed once. “Heh. Yeah, adrenaline junkie. I've been called that before. Have you ever seen me play rugby?”
There was the hiss of indrawn breath on the other end of the line. “Good God”, Lestrade said, “how bad is it? Is he in a coma?”
John just stared at Sherlock’s dressing-gown clad back. “What?”, he finally managed.
Someone stopped and leaned on the wall next to him. "Those things will kill you", Lestrade said, the old quip spoken without its customary humour. Sherlock glanced over. Lestrade looked stressed and frustrated, frowning in the morning light. Ah yes, Sherlock thought, the press conference about the serial killer. Without speaking, Sherlock got out the slightly depleted pack of cigarettes and offered it to Lestrade, who took it with a slight nod. For a few minutes, the two men stood smoking silently.
“No, he hasn't", Sherlock said instead. "John needs better help than he can get here. I want a neurologist, a psychologist, and a psychotherapist, all with prior experience with amnesia patients. I want the best, Mycroft, and I want them as soon as possible. I don't care what you have to do to make this happen, and I don't care what favours I will owe you, John needs to get his memories back.”
“Hurt like a mother though. I hate being shot.”
John was sitting on the barstool, elbows propped up on the bar, looking into the distance and nursing his pint. He was vaguely aware that the pub was slowly emptying, but he felt no need to head home just yet. He was in a rather pleasantly numb place where the stresses of the past week were reduced to minor irritations and he didn’t want this numbness to end. Sherlock and the case could go hang for all he cared right now and take his sister with him; and as for Siobhan, she wasn’t the first woman he’d had sex with and she certainly wouldn’t be the last, and if she wanted to be just friends, well, that was her loss.
John was working on automatic, hands swift but sure as he pulled bits of shrapnel out of a man's body, trying to stop the bleeding at the same time. He didn't wonder how he suddenly found himself in the field hospital. No time to worry, there was a patient on his operating table, and he could not let him die. He would not. Even when the man had stopped breathing and the heart monitor showed a straight line, even when they told him to stop, that it didn't matter any more, he continued to pluck the metal out, until the nurse – he had forgotten her name, how could he have forgotten her name when she looked at him with her beautiful brown eyes... She pulled him away from the table, told him that there were others still alive who needed his help, and he went and cared for them and tended their wounds, while his eyes were seeing the ones he could not save, all those he would not be able to save, all this waste, all this pain...
“So don’t you dare, Sherlock, don’t you fucking dare to pay for my share of the rent, or my food, or my clothes, or anything else that strikes your fancy. I am not your kept man. I am a doctor, I studied bloody hard to become a doctor, and I want to work as a doctor. Do you get that?”
“Not physically, no, but Harry, when you're drunk like this, you lash out and you hurt the people who love you. Who care for you.”
“But what?”
"Oh, good. They've been keeping me busy at the office, you know how it goes", Siobhan ran a hand through her hair, tucking an errand strand behind her ear, "it's either drought or deluge. And you? Anything exciting happening?"
“How 'bout now?” Brawn pushed John upright by his shoulder, then recoiled when John started to throw up. Distantly, John knew that it was the punch to the solar plexus that made his alcohol-filled stomach rebel, but most of his mind was taken up by the fact that he had just puked all over the man who had punched him, and who now looked furious, clothes stained with vomit.
He slammed into full wakefulness from one second to the next and desperately tried to sit up, get up, get away, only to find that his wrists were wrapped in soft, padded cuffs which in turn were fastened to the bed. He tugged at them with increasing frustration, even though he knew that medical restraints were designed to be unbreakable. Fear and panic rose like bile in his throat, and he was dimly aware of the heart monitor speeding up and making distressed noises.
“Oh, it's nothing”, Molly smiled nervously. “Only it's been hours that you've been here and your phone hasn't rung, and John usually texts you when he's not here with you, so I was wondering if everything was alright?”
Lestrade snorted. "They were having a field day. We were torn to pieces, and there will be a lot of sensationalist headlines tomorrow. Brave soldiers coming home from war, only to be killed in the middle of London." He sighed. "They're not half wrong, either."
“If I'd known you were waiting I'd have tried to get here sooner.”
“Yeah?” Brawn grinned evilly. “That right?” The man took a step forward, and his two companions moved to either side of John. Classic pincer movement, John though, adrenaline starting to flood his brain, and he moved backwards towards the park's entrance. He was getting the strong feeling that these three were looking for a fight, and he was neither in the mood nor in the shape for a brawl.
Curious of who this other John was, he started opening the bedside drawers. A stack of notebooks drew his eye. A diary, perhaps? He opened one, filled with handwriting he knew well, even if the writing made no sense to him. A Chinese trapeze artist shooting people? A smuggling ring of antiquities? And who was Sarah? Had he become a fiction writer in the intervening years?
It was the last note that Sherlock would hide in John’s laundry, but the most important one he’d ever written. It simply read,
“God, yes”, John groaned. “I thought I had a hangover.”
“And then I kept it.” He smiles. “Sentiment.”
John pivoted on his stronger leg and ducked forward, using his lower centre of gravity to get the man off balance, loosen his grip enough for John to get away. With a surprised shout, the youth was thrown over John's back and to the ground. There was something to be said for being below average height after all. Jumping over the prone figure more clumsily than he liked, he broke into a run towards the park's exit, while behind him Brawn bellowed, "Get the little wanking turd!"
Another pause.
“There is something else you should know”, Mycroft continued as the car arrived at the hospital.
John knew it was pointless, but he couldn’t leave without at least trying to make Harry see sense. “Harry”, he started, “you put someone in hospital today. That will have consequences, you know.” Harry just shrugged. “Bitch had it coming”, she snarled, taking another mouthful of wine.
? The thoughts kept chasing through his head until he fell asleep.
about me and you never cared, now shut your mouth and get the fuck out of my face!”
Sherlock went to stand next to John, feeling relieved. Whatever else would happen now, at least they'd be out of the hospital with their bustling nurses and annoyingly unhelpful doctors, and could start working on getting John's memories back.
“From what we can tell”, he started, “Dr Watson had been drinking rather heavily and was walking through a park, presumably on his way home, when he was mugged and severely beaten. His wallet and phone were taken. He regained consciousness a few hours ago, which is when we were able to confirm his identity, and I expect he'll make a full recovery of his injuries.” Sherlock nodded. So far, Carlton hadn't told him anything he didn't already know. “But...”, he prompted.
They laugh.
With a shrill cry of “Let go my
“Look at you”, Harry said at length, her voice deceptively soft. “My little brother. Always taking care of me.” She sighed. “Always so perfect. My brother, the doctor. Such gentle hands.”
When John awoke for the second time to the beeps and clicks of medical machinery, he was acutely aware of every ache and pain of his body, and he knew that the painkillers he had been given had worn off. He wondered where the nice nurse – Stephanie, was it? - had gone, and if she would give him more when she returned. Through the throbbing of his head and the sharp pain of broken ribs, he fumbled for the call button and pressed it. He closed his eyes, feeling exhausted by that simple action. God, what was wrong with him? What had happened?
“What about you? What happened to you?”
Each universe is slightly different from the one we call our own. Very slightly, so that we almost don't notice. There are millions of people who would not care whether a sack of rice does or does not fall over on the other side of the planet.
“John, you're a good friend, and I really like you... I just don't like you that way... you know?”
“Found when / where / how? - SH”
“You don’t need the job.” Dressing-gown billowing, Sherlock flung himself onto the sofa with an air of finality, obviously considering the matter settled, and turned to face the wall.
Lestrade looked at him, aghast. “You texted John even though you knew he's on a date? Christ, Sherlock, give the man a break! He's chasing after you all the time, he deserves a night off. So he's got a date, good for him.”
The police station was a surprisingly friendly and efficient place. John produced his credit card with a heavy heart and was told to get a coffee while he waited. The time wasted made him annoyed at his sister, and his annoyance grew when Harry was brought out. She was a mess from her dishevelled ginger hair down to her broken-heeled shoes. The skin around one eye was swollen and already turning to a vivid shade of purple, there were bruises on her face and on her hands and her stained clothes were torn. She was holding one of her arms awkwardly, walking towards John with a slight limp which was not only due to her broken shoes. She was very obviously drunk. Again.
"Now, Doctor Watson", Carlton chided him, "that's hardly a way to describe your condition. However, sad as I am to say this, there is nothing I can do for you. If you had a neurological disorder, we would be able to treat it, but this would be a job for a psychologist."
Sherlock tried not to fret with impatience as the car Mycroft had provided made its way toward the University College Hospital. He suspected that he could have been faster walking. He used the time to fire off a text message to his brother.
Carlton looked at Sherlock with surprise.
“Good night, get home safe”, the barmaid replied with a tired smile, then started to clean the remaining glasses.
There were many questions he had for Sherlock, but didn't know how to start. He went for the easiest. “So, you're my medical proxy, then?”
Sherlock launched into the conversation without preamble. “What happened?”
Wordlessly, Sherlock passed the magnifier over to him, eying John with the same fascination that he’d previously had for the victim. John felt a fleeting pang of annoyance, but dismissed that feeling as he looked through the magnifying glass at the scar just to the right of the dead man’s groin.
“Who... who the hell are you?” John muttered, and he fell forward into Sherlock's arms, unconscious once more.
Doctor Carlton had taken the clipboard from the end of John's bed. “Do you know how you were injured?”
“Sherlock Holmes”, John said in a flat voice, “why is there a gun in my bedside drawer?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“And that way Hope got both of us.”
John sighed and slid off the barstool, one hand on the bar to steady himself, and lifted his glass to drink off the rest of his ale. “Would you like me to order you a taxi?” the barmaid asked him, professional concern in her eyes.
“Sherlock, can I have your magnifying glass for a moment?”
Sherlock interrupted him brusquely. “John's only next of kin is his alcoholic sister whom he had to bail out of jail on Friday and was hit by her for his troubles. You will find that John has a patient's provision naming me as his health care proxy. Now please, Doctor, tell me what is wrong with John.”
“She left me because of you”, Harry said.
If in doubt, ask random_nexus to poke me again. ;)
John calculated quickly, Army training coming back to him without any conscious thought, then set off into a south-easterly direction. He chuckled, remembering his first Army orientation and navigation training which he had failed magnificently. “Cadet Watson!” their instructor had shouted in front of the muddy, exhausted training group that had been forced to wait for John. “Did you try to work for the other side? A blind man could better at this course!” Humiliated, John had been determined not to fail again, honing his skills until he had become something of a legend for always being able to find his way even through the desert. And he wasn't even in a desert now, but in the city he knew well, better now that he was working with Sherlock. He was sure that getting home on foot from the pub to Baker Street wouldn't present much of a challenge, even in his inebriated state.
John grimaced. "I'd have thought I might have mellowed with age." He was glad to see that Sherlock smiled at this for a split second. "No", Sherlock said, "of all the words I would use to describe you, 'mellow' is not one."
Sherlock stood unmoving, his wrist held by John's hand, staring at the man in the hospital bed. He was careful not to show the deep joy he felt. John might have lost his memories, but he was clearly still John, even without having been in the army or in Afghanistan. This, if nothing else, convinced Sherlock that it was possible for John to come back, memories or no memories, because his personality was still intact.
They were in the lab at Bart’s when John received the phone call.
“But I can't help feeling that it would be a breach of confidence to you.”
This room however spoke of neatness and order, spartan but lived-in, but with very few knick-knacks. At least that aspect hadn't changed. John opened one of the wardrobes to find carefully hung shirts and trousers, folded sweaters, a drawer of rolled up socks, another of ironed and folded underwear. He chose some clothes randomly and threw them on the bed.
“Such as?” Sherlock asked.
John frowned. "So what you're saying is... The reason I can't remember... that's nothing to do with any brain injury."
(See the end of the chapter for
John barked a laugh. “Damn right I don’t like it. I do the shopping, yes, because you can’t be arsed. I cook because we can’t get take-away or eat in a fancy restaurant every night and at least one of us has to eat on a regular basis. I clean the kitchen so I know your experiments from my food, and the bathroom because I can’t stand a dirty one, not since I studied medicine. I don’t care about your room, Sherlock, and the living room is just a mess unless Mrs Hudson takes pity and runs the duster around. I do what I do because I happen to live in this flat, Sherlock, because this is the flat we share. Do you understand? I am your flatmate. I am also your friend, dammit. I am not your, your domestic, or your butler, or heaven forbid your housekeeper.” He had just barely avoided saying wife; that was a can of worms he’d not like to see opened. He took a deep, calming breath. It didn’t help, and Sherlock was still looking at him as if he were an interesting growth on a slide under a microscope.
There is a grin in the answering voice. “I've always wanted to do that James Bond thing, jumping sideways, gun blazing.”
Sherlock reached out hesitantly to touch John, but he had no answer to this, no way of consoling his friend. “John…” he started, but did not know how to finish the sentence.
He makes a noncommittal noise, and John continues on regardless. Sherlock lets him, because in this he has stored little to no information, cannot grasp, and needs to, and John is bright now. Glowing and breaking through the black blanket of night.
Sherlock raises an amused eyebrow at him but carries on regardless, dodging through rows of trees, measuring them with odd arcs of his body, even sniffing some of them. If he didn’t know the man better, John would say he’d finally snapped. In actuality, the degree of care and interrogation given to each spruce was a result of this year being their first Christmas back at Baker Street together. Just the three of them – and Mrs Hudson, of course – since John had finally realised what a blind idiot he had been for years, and pressed Sherlock against the fridge one hot summer afternoon.
They’ve never gone further than having their hands and mouths on each other, the fragile newness of this element of their relationship still a little breakable. But John can’t help the neediness that seems to be radiating from the small of his back all the way to his very core, a certain kind of aching that he’s not really felt before. The breaths against his ear are becoming faster and more forced, increasing with every movement of John’s hips.
They look at each other for a second and break into quiet laughter. Tinged with a touch of nerves still, but offering light relief from the mild panic John had felt moments earlier. Eventually they regain composure and Sherlock manages to shake free from his binds of cotton, left in socks and the dark maroon shirt hanging off his shoulders. The socks make John chuckle again, cut short by Sherlock’s mouth on his, teeth clacking with the ferocity of it as he pushes his cock against John’s bare thigh.
“Just – “ John cuts Mycroft off as he opens his mouth, before the conversation turns murderous. “Tell me where he is, please”
“We’re full” Bouncer number one replies.
“Sorted then,” John concludes, eyes flicking to his own fingertips. “We’ll pretend to be a couple and sneak our way into the club”
“John – “ Sherlock gestures towards the man with a flick of his eyes, who seems to be heading through another door. “That’s our man”
“With you,” Sherlock turns to him, brow raised in concern. “If that wasn’t clear”
“Sherlock!” John calls again, this time louder.
Sherlock pushes John back against the wall, framing his body in the hopes that they haven’t been spotted. It doesn’t work though. They’ve already been seen, the two of them so easily recognisable that there’s no way to hide their identity, even in half darkness.
He slides into the leather seat and they sit there in silence for a few moments, his daughter’s sadness quickly slipping away into sleep on his shoulder.
John feels as if he's in a dream maybe, except it's much too sharp and Sherlock's face is so clear it hurts his eyes. It could almost all be an illusion; he hasn’t slept right for two days, nor eaten or done much but check his phone and count the amount of words he’s spoken to Mary on one hand. Maybe this is his head backfiring - because it’s been a long time since he’s indulged in the thoughts currently racing there, it’s been nearly three years and several lifetimes since he’s looked at Sherlock and allowed himself to feel.
Moments like these make Sherlock wonder just how much of John is left. In the half light of the kitchen, he can’t quite see the blue of his eyes, it’s all darkness and deep set brows, the shadows there almost murderous. Most disconcerting, because he can’t see himself reflected in the kaleidoscope of ice and caramel anymore. There’s no mirror for Sherlock to measure himself against, and maybe that’s the problem. Maybe if he could catch sight of the ugly lines on his face, he’d stop.
Sherlock’s feet stop in their tracks, giving the living room rug a small break to recover from his constant tread. He watches the casual way John eases down into his armchair, folded paper in one hand and tea in the other. The press of his lips to the rim of the mug is absolutely normal, a puff of air skims from his mouth across the freshly boiled liquid, doing nothing to cool it but everything to convince Sherlock that he is, in fact, being serious.
“Jesus, you’re so beautiful” John moans, finally capturing Sherlock’s gaze.
“So, a Shepherd?” He asks as they break apart briefly, grinning against Sherlock’s lips.
“Are you okay?” Sherlock asks, unable to bring his eyes to John’s face to check.
Drowning in his own words, John’s feelings and anger bubbling up his throat and then spilling into Sherlock’s mouth. A cave in the ocean, catching the waves of betrayal and want, crashing tides and lips – soft, open, pliable lips against his own. Discovering the rough of Sherlock’s jaw with his teeth, that harsh cut of bone he has always wanted to run the edge of his tongue across, lick the sharp of it until he bleeds.
“Shame Rosie isn’t here” John says, hoping to change the line of conversation in his own head. “She could scare him off”
His whole body constricts and convulses at that singular notion, and suddenly he’s in so much pain, complete torture, he can’t deal with it, cannot handle it; the thoughts in his head threaten holes in his skull (and John is not here to fucking mend them) tiny fractures where everything he knows is being taken away from him; except this time there’s no fall and no plan and no wrenching guilt, just John’s soul,
“Jesus Christ” He exhales into Sherlock’s neck, biting down on the skin there as he skirts a hand to the moving hips beneath him.
“Yes,” Sherlock quickly replies, flexing the wrist of his right hand before bringing it to John’s jaw. “More than”
It’s not the most comfortable place, and John’s body still aches from being tied up and bundled into a van, being thrown about a bit and then strapped roughly to fuck knows how much explosives, exactly - but it’s funny on a worrying scale how none of that matters now, how he could be on the brink of real death and still moan into Sherlock’s mouth, still claw at his chest like he’s trying to get beneath his ribs.
John’s tone is more gentle than it had been that afternoon at Baker Street, perhaps taking into account Sherlock’s distress in the crowded room earlier. Whatever the reason, it steadies the tremor of electricity buzzing under Sherlock’s skin, dulls the sharp of it to a more pleasant hum, as he silently agrees to the plan.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. “It appears I have gotten more used to my colleague than I thought”, he said quietly so that nobody could overhear him, least of all Anderson who was now coordinating the forensic team.
“This is Private Gavin Walsh… no, probably Lance Corporal now, knowing him… ” He swallowed convulsively. Suddenly, he had to get away from the scene, away from the worried looks of Lestrade and Sherlock on him. “Excuse me for a moment”, he said, holding himself up straight by sheer force of will, turning and walking out from underneath the bridge, along the footpath and towards a group of trees. Behind him, he heard Sherlock say something about Bart’s morgue and tissue samples, but his mind was not even remotely on the case.
The game does not always turn out well. For every get-out-of-jail-free card, life will deal you a bad hand. Then, all you want to do is murder the game and skewer the board to the wall with a knife.
I do profoundly apologise for the long lack of updates. Life happened and continued to happen, but all's well now, and I can once more devote more time to writing. Rest assured that this is far from abandoned; I have plans for John and Sherlock, and there is a murderer on the loose, after all!
“Torn, I'm afraid”, John said, “Sorry, but the jacket's had it.”
Sherlock was dimly aware that someone spoke to him, and he came back to himself with a shudder. Looking up, he saw the older man who had been trying to calm John down. John's doctor, he realised, and with that realisation came a slew of information about the man in front of him -
Sherlock grinned wickedly. “Of course he will. And this case is right up his alley. Don't worry, Detective Inspector, I'm sure we'll catch this killer soon enough.”
His left hand started trembling slightly. God he wanted a cigarette.
“Please tell me you have found something new, Sherlock.” Lestrade sounded tired and harried. “We're going to do a statement to the press tomorrow morning and I'd really like to tell them more than just that we have a serial killer on the loose who is targeting war veterans.”
“Prime location”, John remarked. “Must be expensive.”
“You did, John. You have lost a few days, but that's nothing to worry about, it's probably just a black-out from the alcohol and the head injury, and you did sleep for some time. A doctor will be around later to check on you, alright?” She smiled reassuringly. “Perhaps you want to sleep again? You've been through a lot.”
Throughout all the universes, however, there are a few constants.
I can only apologise for making you wait so long for an update. It seems my Muse was in hibernation, and it took a lot of coaxing (and Muse Treats left by a fellow writer) to get her to come out again to play.
Harry's words were slurred. “I'd never hurt my baby brother!”
Carlton nodded. “Right. I think we should talk in my office, Mister...?”
Siobhan looked relieved and ashamed at the same time, which was no mean feat. “Not a mistake”, she inclined her head, letting her hair fall over the side of her face. “It was... fun. Great. You were great.” She looked up and John straight in the eye.
At first he walked with the exaggerated carefulness of the very drunk, staying close to the buildings and taking care not to stumble over the kerbs and loose pavement stones, but he soon fell into a regular if drunkenly wobbling gait, still very close to the military gait designed to eat up long distances with minimal mental effort. He giggled when he realised this. You can take the man out of the Army, he thought, but you can't take the Army out of the man.
was his first thought, but no, they had used protection. Besides, Siobhan was drinking alcohol, and she wouldn't do that if she were pregnant. What then? Not many options left. He felt his stomach muscles tighten, as if he was preparing himself for a blow.
Carefully, he turned to the side. It almost felt like a waddle, the way he had to shift to keep from jostling his stomach unnecessarily. “The milk,” John reminded, and Sherlock took in a shallow, shaky breath and raised the glass to his lips.
and this was what John did best. Stay moving, Watson, and everything will be fine. Stop, and everything stops.
“Her head is out,” he heard John say, his voice thick with tears.
“In my defense, I’d never had a baby before, and I’d had enough false alarms that I didn’t want to say anything for fear of being wrong
“You look very Christmassy,” John said, smoothing Sherlock’s shirt down over his full belly. His hands cupped the bottom of it, gently holding it. Things felt very peaceful suddenly, and Sherlock was unwilling to break the quiet. He closed his eyes and made a soft noise, putting his hands next to John’s and holding their daughter. She was asleep and still inside him, just waiting until she was ready to come meet them.
"Shit, Greg, I'm sorry," he says.
“Just wanted to be certain,” John replied, stripping off his own shirt with ease and stepping out of his trousers before climbing into bed. “I do like these,” he added, and buried his face in between Sherlock’s swollen pectorals and blew a loud raspberry.
No, heats weren’t what they used to be, and sometimes Sherlock missed it. Sometimes he longed for the heady need, the desire to claim and be claimed. He didn’t want to be gentled open with cold lubricant from a bottle, he wanted to be fucked hard and fast and hear his own hot wetness in the slaps of John’s hips against his arse. He wanted John’s teeth on his neck, not his lips. He wanted the stretch of John’s knot inside him.
John left the last of his bills on the counter and shrugged back into his still-wet coat, stuffing his soaked shirt into his duffel and steeling himself against the impending weather. Baker Place was just a few miles' walk from the pub, and he'd rather make the journey in the rain and have a warm bed tonight than stiffen up in some motel room and not be able to walk in the morning. He pulled his hood up and opened the door, heading out into the storm.
“Damn,” Sherlock breathed, fumbling for John’s hand and twining his fingers with John’s. John squeezed back and moved their joined hands down to what was left of Sherlock’s hip, holding on there for a long moment before John pulled out and rolled his hips to push back in.
"Finally!" Sherlock said triumphantly, and withdrew his arm, slick with fluids, gripping the chain tight in one hand and keeping tension on the legs. "There's an old comealong hanging on the other side of the barn. A hook on both ends, crank and handle in the middle. Lots of cable. Bring it over."
Sherlock frowns. There is an answer to be given, but he isn’t sure of what it is yet.
"And I did get you something, really. Let me-" Sherlock grunted and pushed himself upwards, rubbing his stomach lightly as he rose to his feet. "It's nothing much, really, just something I did while you were out tending the sheep a few weeks ago." Sherlock walked into their bedroom and came back out with a large sheet of paper, which he handed to John carefully. "It's not anything great, but it's the best I could do."
"Hormones," Sherlock finally managed to whisper, and it sounded agonized.
Sherlock nodded and swallowed. The nausea was still there, but not as bad as before. “I think so,” he said, and smiled wryly as John let out a whoop.
"Hey, it's okay," he started, but Sherlock cut him off with an angry huff.
Sherlock does not reply, not even to shrug.
Sherlock’s eyes were heavy-lidded and he was already out of breath, but the pleasure he was getting from grinding himself against John was the best he’d felt in ages. He breathed out John’s name shakily, the barest of grins on his face, needy and aroused. So he was one of
John was quiet for a minute and then let out a whoop of joy, pushing back his chair and scooping Sherlock up in a hug. “I’m going to be a granddad,” he said, kissing Sherlock on the cheek. He visibly calmed himself and took a deep breath, letting it out on a whoosh. “I should probably save my enthusiasm for when I actually get the news,” he said a bit sheepishly. “But still...you’re right, of course you’re right. I mean...it’s the same thing we did, when...”
"Yes, that's so! What are you expecting, for me to break down and reveal some awful plot for your demise? That I'm supposed to sic your sheep on you, or unpack some deathly bacterium to toss in your milk supply and then dispose of your body afterwards?" Sherlock didn't look up from chopping his carrots. "Christ, Sherlock, what kind of life do you lead if that's a thought you'd even remotely entertain?"
“Sherlock -“ He stopped, staring at the pink stain on the sheets. Another was growing between Sherlock’s thighs, spreading down on the side of the mattress while Sherlock shook, his knuckles white.
Beamer when he got home, and toted his load of groceries into the house. "I'd call that a success," he beamed, setting his haul out on the countertop and starting to unpack. Sherlock went to push himself to his feet, but John shot him a glower and Sherlock sank back into the chair. "Picked up some chocolates for you," he continued, and tossed them onto the couch next to his mate. He made short work of putting away all the groceries, and then flopped down on the couch next to Sherlock.
“Yeah?” John asked, combing his fingers through Sherlock’s hair.
"Apparently. I'll have to unearth a brassiere from somewhere."
Sherlock had just settled Evelyn on his chest when his mobile and John’s suddenly chirped with an apparent backlog of calls and text messages. John sighed and went to pick both devices up, and immediately returned Mycroft’s call to explain the situation. “Happy Christmas, Uncle Mycroft,” he said with a grin, and heard a racket from his mother and father shouting over Mycroft on the other end of the line.
A heartbeat. Two.
John’s smell, and a brand-new but achingly familiar scent, rose to his nostrils as a tiny, slippery weight was laid in his waiting arms. He looked down through oceans of tears to see the wailing creature on his chest, purple and a little bloody and dark-haired. He didn’t know what he said, only that he was speaking, and crying, and that the baby in his arms was perfect.
“Alright. Baby and placenta both out and both where they’re supposed to be. How
As he watched his cow lick her new heifer calf clean, Sherlock leaned back against the wall, hands rubbing his belly all over. John was watching the newborn in awe, and Sherlock had to admit, it was a unique experience; this baby calf was taking its first breaths, her mother licking her clean, and soon, she would have her first meal. First steps, first weak moo - it was a day of firsts.
He could feel the gradual turning of the baby’s body, the alignment of its broad shoulders with the widest part of his pelvis. Each push moved that thick body further out of his own. The breaching of the shoulders was the hardest part, and he felt stretched so wide that he’d surely tear. He heard a loud shout and dully realized it was his own voice, harsh. He sucked in a deep breath and tried to keep quiet - he didn’t want his son born into the world only to hear his daddy’s shouting. He bit down on John’s shoulder to muffle his noises, and pushed again.
“Heh. I suppose this makes you an even bigger bloody cat than I already made fun of you for.” Sherlock just tipped his head to get a better angle for scratches.
Once he's settled on the bed, I head back to the living room.
I close my eyes and try to imagine every detail. "No. He looked an awful lot like you. And maybe... nah. That’s just stupid." I push the toes out of the way (in a hermetically-sealed container) to get to the carrots.
"Well, John and Sherlock, it's a pleasure to meet you." I took a sip of my tea, looking over the top of my cup at each of them.
"I'm glad I'm not the only one who's nervous." I chuckle. "So now that you've been discharged from the Army, are you planning to go into private practice? As a Doctor, I mean."
He looks as pleased as a cat with cream when he's finished. "Brilliant." I show him how to put leaves over the meat, so it will cook more evenly. "Now by the time we set up the bed our food will be ready."
"My father was the tutor to Lord Musgrave's children. When they came of age and no longer needed a tutor, the Lord gave Father a parcel of land, and we have lived comfortably. Though apparently," I wave Mycroft's letter in the air, "all is not as I thought."
His remark has me rolling my eyes but all warm and fluffy inside. "She maybe got me high but I talked her into it. Now sleep. You've got to meet up with Sherlock's pet tomorrow and I need to plan. And of course I'm cute. Duh. I'm fucking adorable."
My head shoots up to look at him when he says that. "Y-Yes, sir." I reply quietly.
"Don't really want to. The last time... went badly." I refuse to meet his eyes.
I whimper when he pulls away. My cock has apparently recovered, and the rocking made me even harder.
I set the lube on the shelf and grab the body gel. I work it into a lather in my hands and then start to rub down his chest. "Gods you feel so good. How do you make such delicious sweets and still have a flat stomach? Not fair." I work my hands all over his chest and abs and nipples. I can feel the muscles loosen as I touch him.
I clear my throat. "Good afternoon, Mrs... erm..."
"Brother." I nod curtly. "Can we talk? Privately?"
I yelp at the yank of my hair, resisting the urge to growl at him. Obediently, I open my mouth and take him in like he wants. I steady myself a bit by resting my hands on the edge of the bed on either side of him, and bob lower.
Mycroft
"Think..."
I rub at my shoulder just thinking about it. "No. Can't. Got injured and no one wants a Doctor with shaky hands and a limp."
We walk - much more slowly now - into the clearing, and I call to the woman working in the garden. "Excuse me, ma'am..." She stands up and looks at me, somewhat confused.
Irene goes to her room sans Sherlock who's obviously awake but pretending to be asleep. "Sherlock?" I whisper so that Woman won't hear me, "what's going on?"
Irene
I hear the blond one - John - come out of the bedroom and settle himself by the fire. I walk quietly up behind the chair and reach over it, rest my hands softly on his shoulders. "Feeling better, are you? Let me take a look at your ankle, hm?" I walk around the chair, never taking my hand off his shoulder until I kneel by his bandaged foot.
My hand touches his when I reach down to grab his penis. He's leaking copious amounts of precum that I spread around the head with my thumb. "In your studies with tha-- Irene... Have you come across any bottles with oils or lotion of some type?"
"Whatever do you mean, Gregory?" I scold him.
Mycroft
Sherlock
My last thought before sleep is Sherlock out on the open sees with a rapier and three point hat calling out orders and yelling about firing cannons. "You jus’ need a good mate. All good Pirates need good mates..."
"Anything else I could do?" My breath makes his hair move a bit and he shivers. Oh my gods please don't do that. I think of all the sickest things I can think of so I won't be too tempted to rut against him.
I roll onto my back with a hiss as the sheets hit my tender arse, feeling more like sandpaper than satin.
Mycroft
There's a weird sensation coming from where her hand rests on my leg. Like that feeling you get when your foot is forced to move after having been still so long. It's not terrible but it's far from pleasant. "I'll uhh. Gonna go check on Sherlock."
"No. No of course not. I got mad cause he was fondling that lush arse in public. Public. He won't even shake my hand in public." I run my hand through my hair then lay my head on my arm. "My arse isn't good enough to fondle in public.  And it’s a dammed good arse!"
(He is relieved to find that Mrs. Hudson has cleaned the bathroom. Even so, it’ll be a long time before he’ll be able to open that door without remembering Sherlock’s panicked cry and rushing in to find Sherlock sagging against the sink, holding his round, full stomach in both hands and looking at John with his eyes wide in naked terror as blood spread down his legs, darkening his pajamas to a deep crimson.)
John smiled. “Alright, then. Let me do this for awhile and you can decide from there, okay?” he asked, shuffling across the bed and pressing himself against Sherlock’s side. He kissed him on the mouth, left hand cupping his face. Sherlock relaxed a little and submitted to the kiss, meeting John’s advances. Eventually John’s hand drifted down to brush over Sherlock’s collarbone and further south still, his forearm resting on Sherlock’s belly as he took his breast in his hand, squeezing and massaging the soft flesh. Sherlock moaned, the sound almost a whimper, into John’s mouth.
Sherlock bore down again and this time the sliver of scalp that had appeared didn’t disappear - it emerged millimeter by millimeter, until the whole top of her head was in view, with dark brown hair scattered across it. John relayed the information to Sherlock, but he was too far gone in the labor to really comprehend what John was saying.
The pain burns, it stretches and stretches—and then snaps, and the weight in him drops downwards. Sherlock gasps.
“What?”
with you?"
He pushes, pushes, and breathes. Push, push, breathe. He is splitting, he will crack in two down the middle from the inconceivable pressure—push, push,
It took two full days for Sherlock to mostly recover, and even then his legs ached at the end of the day. Most mornings now began with Sherlock being pleasantly sated by John’s touch and then, smelling of mint, rolling out of bed to fetch Cara and help her down the stairs. Thankfully, their daughter had mastered steps a few months ago, because Sherlock quickly passed the point of being able to sling her around his hip. The baby was in the way, and growing more in the way every passing day.
“She was in here,” John says, and his voice sounds like thunder. “It doesn’t matter how much you try to forget that. We had a baby, Sherlock, and we loved her, and you’re doing me—her—doing everyone a disservice, a huge
Joanna made her entrance into the world on September 21, 1999.
“It’s not real,” Sherlock said, and damn the tremble in his voice. “You’ll still have to - I’m not actually.”
He is whispering something. John can’t hear it, until suddenly he does: it’s her name, over and over, a litany of “Violet, Violet, Violet,” and he realizes they haven’t said it once, neither one of them, not since it happened. He doesn’t know if he’s even heard it out loud. He’s looked away from where it’s been written, on the box and the birth certificate and the memorial, and walked carefully around it in his memory without even realizing it. The tightness in John’s throat swells into an ache. He wipes at his face with a shaking hand and finds it comes away wet.
“No. I mean, we can eat it. All of it. When we get home.” John froze in place. “I know you have that...thing you like, with food. And here we are, with three coolers full of objectively very good food, enough for five people, ready to be warmed up and eaten. We could do that.”
Conclusion: Sherlock needed to go back inside and talk with John.
“Felt her,” Sherlock gasped, craning his neck to look at John, and then Maggie. “She moved.”
John calls Sherlock’s name when he arrives back at the flat, but (unsurprisingly) there is no response. Sherlock’s here, though—his shoes are at the door, coat on the hook, phone on the kitchen table. “Sherlock?” John calls again, and this time hears movement behind the closed door of the bathroom. John wishes, briefly, that he sees Sherlock even half so often as that damned shower does.
The hand on his cock dragged exquisite pleasure from deep in Sherlock’s body, and with the goading of John’s fingers from inside, Sherlock was wracked with climax within minutes. He shook apart under John’s hands, legs jerking and hips trembling as nerves sparked all the way up his spine.
“What?”
The box slips from John’s grasp and falls softly onto the carpet as he doubles over, buries his face in his hands, and lets the tears come. His shoulders shake with sobs. They scrape his throat raw, catching until he chokes and nearly retches, but he can’t stop. He can’t breathe, and he still can’t stop. His vision goes dark and his head spins until he has to sink from the chair to the floor, onto his knees and then all fours and then just rolling over on his side and sobbing until he feels like he’ll never breathe again.
“Alright then, get on the bed and tell me what you want,” he said, slapping Sherlock’s arse and getting on the bed himself. He settled on his knees, leant back a little with his arms crossed over his chest.
John looks at his husband, supine and near catatonic. Normally, he'd tell Mycroft where he could put his moment. Normally, he’s the last person Sherlock needs. But what with...everything, and how Sherlock's been...the way he's been, John’s willing to give nearly anything a try.
Near the end, when Sherlock’s energy is almost entirely drained, he lies in the lull between waves as John noses along the back of his neck and words crawl from his mouth against his will.
“Twenty seconds,” Sherlock said. “Started in my groin and moved up. Hurt. Hurt in my spine, too.”
The contractions came quicker and quicker, each one pulling at Sherlock’s worn body until he felt ragged at the edges. Finally, he felt a release of pressure like a rubber band snapping and felt his thighs soak with warm fluid. “Waters,” he rasped, gasping as he held onto the headboard.
He looked down at the round curve of his belly, so great now that he couldn’t see his own feet. “You’re getting to be a chore to haul around, sweetheart,” he informed the baby, who didn’t deign to reply. John entered the room a few moments afterward with a bottle of lotion and a biscuit. “Crumbs in the bed,” Sherlock said, but took it and had a bite nevertheless.
Sherlock
Mycroft
Sherlock
"I happen to like that green jumper on you. Brings out your eyes," I say without looking at him. I speed up the footage a bit, watching as John and I leave and enter the flat several times, and Mrs. Hudson's friend Mrs. Turner stops by (presumably to gossip about her 'married ones' and interrogate Mrs. Hudson about John and I). Then I freeze the video. "Who is that?" I point out a sharply dressed man with dark hair. "Too short to be my brother. Did we have any clients yesterday?"
I stare at her in shock tinged with admiration. "Oh? Do tell." This time I ask with honest curiosity instead of her being a riddle to solve.
"Hmm? What was that? I caaannnnt heeeeaaarrrrr you." WHACK
and she seems to know what she's doing. "See anything serious?"
"How?" I'm now more awake, but still cold.
"Oh, the boys have been very busy. They've had at least a dozen clients this week!" It's true, they hadn't been down daily as per usual, but since they're busy, I have no complaints. It gave me plenty of time for my book club.
"Looks odd." I take a tentative bite. I nod curtly. "Tastes decent, though."
I wipe away some of the juice running down my chin. "This is just a very ripe peach - excellent flavor, too." I smile.
I circle my finger around his rim before I slowly add another. When I do I nip his bottom lip to side track his attention a moment. "You’re doing so good love.'
It's a new, but not at all unpleasant sensation, and I try to relax, rocking slightly against his finger. I lift my head to look at him, and kiss him softly with a moan.
I climb into the bed - still perfumed with whatever floral essences Irene had used in her hair that afternoon - and pulled the blankets around me, leaving a space to my side for John to occupy.
I bend over to tend the fire for a moment, providing John with an excellent view in the process, of course. "You are not a bother in the least. I enjoy your company. How long have you been travelling?" I ask politely.
Mycroft
"But you went out in less. You think I trust her that much?" I put my hand on his chest and play with the buttons of his shirt. "I want to be the only one who sees your beautiful body." I slip his shirt to either side and run my hand down to his waist. "I want to be the only one to touch you." My hand goes under his vest and up towards his nipples. "To taste you." I scoot closer so I can nibble on his ear. "To worship you."
"We? Why we? I think -you- are Red Riding Hood. If anything, I would be the Huntsman or something." I smack his leg with the towel I used to dry my hands. "Get up. Let’s get on with it. I do have a question. Well, I have many questions but one important one for right now."
Gasp. "Me? I'm nothing. No one." Me?
I can feel the ridges from the roof of his mouth as his tongue tentatively explores the head. "Just like that." I scrunch his hair every time he slips into the tip of my dick.
"Did you forget who is in charge? Is having that little job of yours making you think you can tell me what to do?" The questions are posed while I wrap the sash around his eyes and ears. Not enough so he can't see or hear at all but enough to make him have to focus.
I order a steak with all the fixings. After all the exercise I got earlier I need a few extra calories. "Thanks mate." Before our meal arrives, an old friend walks past the table. At first, I planned on pretending I didn't see him due to Myc’s preference of being anti-social but then I remembered what tonight was all about… him not being embarrassed of me. "Hey, Mike." I make a wave motion as he passes.
Sherlock
"Do you want to talk about it?" I ask as I snuggle up to his warmth. "I find I am quite content... far from the reaction you expected..."
Sherlock
"I see. Do you care about all your darlings health or is it just my diet you want to monitor?" Stop pretending like you care. Just. Stop. It.
(7:51am) *text to the Brothers phone* Stay there. I will have him retrieve it at once. MH
I chuckle at him. "And she talked you into a bet... after getting you high. Wonderful." I roll my eyes at him. "It's a good thing you're cute..."
"Right. Have you seen a young man in the area? Tall, slender, dark curly hair, blue eyes?" I try to focus on the task at hand.
I roll my eyes at his theatrics. "I'm making sure my feet are dry before we lay down. I also need to make sure the jacket is dry so that any wetness doesn't soak in the cold while we're trying to sleep. You need to do the same thing."
"All part of my master plan to ruin you." I say it purely as a joke. I lay my head on his chest and listen to the thump thump of his heart beat. His nails idly play along my back as I nuzzle into him. I tug the blanket up as the heat from our excursion wears off.
I smack his chest. "I do not snore. And if I did there is no way you would hear it through you muffles." Which are actually quite adorable.
"It can't have taken that long to get biscuits, even if Sherlock baked them from scratch when he arrived."
We ride in silence for an hour or so, when I pull the mare up to a stop. "Let's give the old girl a break. We'll stop here for a bit - relax, have something to eat." I take his hand and help him slide to the ground, then dismount. I can tell he's a bit tender from the small amount of riding we've done. I may let him sit in the saddle for the next part of the journey - it should be a bit more comfortable for him.
"You've got another easy day, then, old girl." I scratch Daisy's cheek as I start off down the trail, Mycroft beside me, and Daisy following along behind. We make decent headway before the forest starts to thin a bit, and I have more difficulty finding signs that someone has been through. I hand Mycroft Daisy's reins. "I'm going to climb up that rock outcropping and see if I can get a feel for where we are, and a likely direction he might have continued." At least, where the forest might be willing to show me signs again.
I pull him down to lay his head on my lap so I can pet his hair. "Ok, you're not answering so I'm going to assume you haven't read much." His reticence makes me nervous in a weird over-protective way. "Sex is a lot like what we did last night, and started this morning, but instead of oral, it's... umm... Not oral." I'm grateful he can't see my blush.
"So am I." I reply, my voice small. "I didn't mean to make you feel ridiculed." I idly poke at the fire with a stick. "I was relieved to hear how you feel about me, even if you said it so spitefully." I turn to look at him. "Did you mean it?"
Sherlock
"I say it's about one or two hours walk if we knew the route but since we'll have to stop and climb a few times it would be safer to assume two to four if no snow starts coming down. Sunset starts in about an hour." Now it's his decision.
The story seems to stop there. "Sherlock? Do you know of a wolf? Is this some sort of joke? It isn't funny."
I fold my arms in front of me. "Did you not hear me when I said Press? As in the Press is staking out my house and my work looking for any information. Any one seen with me will have their face on the front of tomorrow’s paper."
I frown at him. "Hadn't heard about it. I suppose my
I laugh at his adorable attempt at deflection. "It was yesterday." I straddle him again and push his shirt off his shoulder.
"Yeah. I think I'd... I mean, I think that would be good." I say in a shaky voice.
As his cock return to full hardness I stroke it counter rhythm to my thrusts. Just a few minutes have passed before I hike his other knee on my shoulder and start a deep and hard plundering of his arse. The sweat starts coming off me in tiny rivulets but I hold myself back. "Cum for me Sherlock. Love, I know you can."
Sherlock
I walk over and pat Sebastian on the shoulder. "He's only upset because we're right, you know. He'll cool off."
---MycTheWeasel
"Everything is worse than this." I snuggle up against him.
I chew slowly then grin up at him. "I was hoping you would feed it to me. Unless there's something else you'd like to put in my mouth." I open the blanket and tug him in to lay beside me.
I hiss at the sting, my knuckles white as I grip the bar as though my life depends on it. "11... Thank you, sir." I say through gritted teeth.
His lips closing around my fingertip is exhilarating and sends a shiver through me. "She just... I..." I try to answer, and finally give up. I curl my hand around the back of his neck and pull his lips to mine.
I notice him rubbing his knee, then start to chuckle.. "I told you your limp was psychosomatic..." I say with a chuckle.
I snicker at that last message, and hand the phone back to John.
Mycroft
"He's just being protective. If I need to leave the house, he always comes along. Or makes sure someone is with me, like Greg sometimes." I reach for my shirt and slowly start to dress as I talk. "Mummy used to take me to do her shopping..."
I find that I had finished everything left on the plate while my attention had strayed to watching Gregory. I now felt a bit queasy being a bit too full. My backside still hurt from the ride yesterday and I am not eager to get back on Daisy again. "How far do you believe we will need to travel today?
Sherlock
"I want you," I purr in his ear as I grind against him.
Pfft. "Promises, promises, Gregory." I pull him down for a rough kiss. "Prove to me that you're half as good as they say you are. " I purr in his ear.
"Sleep, yes. That's what you two did so loudly in your flat," I frown. "I'm sure you would have woken his boyfriend if you went to his flat." I lift myself off her desk. "If you could get me that phone number soon, that would be brilliant." I breeze out of her office as suddenly as I arrived.
"A pleasure, Mr. Stamford. My brother has mentioned you, as well. Seems you and he have a few common interests."
"Damn. Gonna take it all the way babe? I love the way you do that. You're the only one who can." Most lovers balk at the size of my cock.
Mycroft
"Hey, Greg, how's things?"
Taking him at his word I go back to small licks around his anus before putting a bit of lube on my fingers and rubbing them around the opening. "Turn around."
Irene
Sherlock
"Of course I'll help." I pat the edge of the bed, indicating he should take a seat. "Tell me what I need to know, and we can get to work."
I lean against a tree and watch Lock bend and stretch. All sorts of thoughts go through my head. Starting with stripping him out of those clothes and ending with a cigarette.
"Don't give up so easily. Let's have some lunch, and get back to it a bit longer, all right?"
Mycroft
"Fuh... Oh." My legs start to tremble as I'm getting close. "Need. To sit."
"Yeah. You can have as many as you want. Make tarts. Or pies. Or Sorbet. Or whatever you want." I get lost in my own fantasy of William being covered in peach pie filling. Long thin slices sliding off his body slowly. Cool whipped cream being devoured the moment it's placed. His naked body on an alter out in the orchard where I could watch him ripen in the Sun. "I'm sorry? Did you say something?"
I smile up at him. "Sounds like you'll need to keep me around then."
"I may do that. You wouldn't know where I might find him, would you?" I ask, trying to seem innocent.
"Get back here, you rogue." I jump to my feet and chase after him, just putting my arm around his waist as he opens the patio door.
I push the second finger in as far as the first and start to scissor them. I hold his hand on my cock to stop myself from cumming.
"You most certainly did say 'next 48 hours' Jimmy."
Mycroft
Sherlock
Sherlock
I heard his slip, and stifled a giggle. "Well, we'll take it easy then, unless the situation warrants otherwise." I pat his hands. "Just let me know if you need a break. I think I know where the cave you spoke of is - we'll start there."
Mycroft
"I do not cheat, young man." I stare at him sternly. "Sherlock, when someone says something will happen 'within 48 hours', doesn't that imply the starting time is right then? I'd already been here nearly 3 hours by the time this conversation happened, after all..."
I watch the two interact. The sexual tension is disgustingly obvious.
Mycroft
"I have not. That concerns me a bit, in fact..."
I look at what my brother is claiming to be food on my plate. "What's that?" I wrinkle my nose.
(4:10pm) *text to SH* About dinner or coffee tonight. JW
"Really? Have you seen you?" How can he, the most ostensibly bedecked masked of us all, feel he is drab? "I'm being serious."
Weird. "You would've been a dashing pirate."
I lock my legs around him and flip him on his back with my arse on his chest. "A promise is a promise." I work my way down to his body licking, nipping, and sucking as I go. I spread his legs with my own. I gently scratch my nails from his thighs down to his knees that I lift to hook around my shoulders. "Let me see you stroke that sweet cock of yours."
"I will be… just not immediately." I focus on palming the head of his cock while tracing my way to his arse hole. "Lift your knees up a bit, ok." Once he's in the new position I stop to add a bit more oil then rub my finger around his opening. The sounds he makes are musical encouragement that he's enjoying himself.
I huff at her in complete exasperation. "With any luck maybe next time I won't be sent home wounded. Now leave me. I have to pack."
I swallow my wine. "Actually, Mr. Stamford, I may be able to assist with that, if you'd like. If I can handle international diplomacy, I suspect this particular crowd won't be difficult."
"All right." I wait til he settles on his back, then curl up alongside him, my head on his chest, his arm around me. "Yes, this is still comfortably warm," I comment sleepily. I try to hold perfectly still, to keep myself from rubbing up against his hip (gods, that would feel fantastic...), and close my eyes again.
"Mycroft, wait!" He's so deep in his self-pity that he refuses to see that his feelings, his 'unnatural desires' are reciprocated. I make sure Daisy's reins are secure and head off after him. Being inexperienced, he's not making an effort to hide his tracks, so he is easy to follow.
"Don't be ridiculous, John," I snap, worry beginning to show. "Check her room. See if the bed's been slept in." I continue rummaging through the kitchen, partly for information, and partly to find the blasted biscuits she's been hiding.
My mouth gapes open, shuts closed, goes open again, closed, open. "Cause he's an idiot! I don't know why he thinks that. Just because I said it doesn't mean I meant it. He's too smart to be so dumb." I start rummaging around the cupboards looking for nothing in particular. "Just because I said dead people can't get married to wanted criminals didn't mean I wouldn't come back to life and get him a pardon. If he really wanted it he would've said something."
Sherlock
Sherlock
I stand there, stunned to silence by what I just experienced. I take several deep breaths, willing my heart to slow back to a normal pace. Once again calm and in control, I adjust my mask and push myself off the wall, carefully parting the curtain and exiting the alcove.
I pull him into my bedroom and close the door behind us. "If you want to continue, may I suggest we not talk about my brother right now?" I lean in to kiss him - more boldly than before.
"Yes, you mentioned something about finding your brother. I am willing to help you. But I insist you eat while we talk." I can’t remember the last time I'd seen him eat anything, and he just didn't look healthy.
Mycroft
"Fine." I mumble, pulling my knees up to my chest and curling into him, taking full advantage of his body heat. I manage to get almost completely off the cold ground, his lap being a much warmer place to sit anyway. "I'm never going to sleep like this, though."
Mycroft
Sherlock
I took Mycroft's meal to him, setting the plate on the table in front of him.
"You're still seeing Jim, aren't you?"
Sherlock
I hand him another piece of apple, and press my forehead to his shoulder. "You're welcome, darlin'."
The water, and the gentleman in it, are too inviting to resist. I undress and get into the water as quickly as possible so that Gregory won't be subjected to view my sub par body for long.
I stop moving the moment he says to wait. "Tell me Sherlock. What do you want?" He is still thrusting into his own hand and the sight is bloody fantastic. His naked body flushed, back arched, his hand on his cock, bottom lip being bite... "What my love?"
By this time Sherlock was fed up with the accusations and he prepared to leave the flat for a few hours.
"What should I do, John? Should I speak to my brother, iron things out? His letter sounded remorseful, and he did send someone to look for me..." I lean into him, my eyes closed.
Sherlock
After I ring the bell I double check I have the right address. Yup. This is 221 Baker St. It’s a fairly normal building for this area of town. People on the street are starting to take a second look at me so I ring the bell again and knock hoping to be let in before the crowds discover who I am.
"It is your home to do with as you wish." I will stand by my vow that all of value is now his. "The question is may I come visit you? Or will I be rightfully attacked if I come on your land?"
"I like what I see... no matter what you may think." I smile at him as he returns with a flannel and cleans us up.
I chuckle to myself, my teeth grazing over his ear. My hand slips under the blanket and brushes over his hip. "Time to get up, Lords." I purr.
What the... Sherlock is doing his best to get out of the trash. My first instinct is to shoot the guy with the gun (Seb Kale) but he went inside. I know I should help Sherlock but I'm still upset so I go past him into the door that opens to the kitchen to see Martha standing there at the head of a table set for five.
was supposed to tell me..." My voice is fairly dripping with sarcasm. "When is it?"
"What do you find so funny, Greg?" I glare at him.
"I believe you were somewhere about there. Maybe a little lower." I arch against him as he starts to kiss lower.
Every muscle has turned to jelly. I am so relaxed - so utterly sated - that I can barely think, let alone move. "I love you, too." I whisper.
As the day wore on we took turns taking naps or tending the fire. At one point I went to check the traps and caught another hare which I skinned and put in snow to keep fresh. With only so much to do, totally exactly nothing, it was boring. My cave mate had gotten lost in his own head at some point and I've spent the last few hours feeling quite alone in the silence. Finally I notice movement from the lump of wool against the wall. "Oh, hey, you're back."
"You said it began soon after the girl you loved was moved away." I have never been good for discussions based on matters of the heart but for Gregory I will try. "I may lack experience, but I make up for it in listening well. If you are willing to tell me what happened..."
(3:05pm) *text to SH* That's brilliant. JW
I put my hand on his oiled one and guide him to stroke himself as I do. My other hand makes its way behind his balls and I press up on the muscle before his anus.
Irene
"You found who?" I shake my head since I must have heard wrong or he's hallucinating.
"The woman can ill-afford to lose more than that, John." I reply quietly once we're on the street.
"John Hamish Watson! You will not take that tone of voice with me in my house under my roof!" The stupid, short sighted, fool. Just like his father. This needs to stop now.
"Start with the simple one, John." I smile at him as I get to my feet.
“That's the spirit, John”, Stephanie said. “Sleep well.” She nodded towards Sherlock. “Mr Holmes”, she said, “take care he swallows the pills.”
While Lestrade went to instruct his officers, Sherlock felt that the frustration of not being able to move this case forward might overwhelm his initial excitement about a truly inventive serial killer. This would usually be the point where John would stop him with a light, casual touch or a few words, restore his concentration. Sherlock frowned. He had worked on cases before John, surely he could survive one evening without him. He would be able to ask John's opinion when he got back from his date, tomorrow at the latest.
John was washed up into consciousness on pleasant waves of medication undulating in time to the clicks and beeps of medical machinery. His head was pounding and he felt vaguely sick. Oh god. He had a hangover. He remembered drinking way too much, but then he'd had cause. But that alone would not have put him into hospital. And an ICU to boot, if the amount of machines around him was an indication.
“Oh God yes.”
“Fuck you.”
“Jesus fuck, Sherlock”, John muttered, “can't you leave me alone for one sodding evening!” He sighed, typing very carefully.
The sky was overcast, but once he was in the middle of the park he could make out the faint glow of the moon behind the clouds. Yes, he had gotten turned around slightly, but once he got out of the park he would be able to find his way again. Soon he might hear the trains at St Pancras, and once he got there, it would be a doddle to get to Baker Street. No taxi necessary tonight. Good.
Just as he was doing this, Sherlock entered the room. “Your jacket”, he breathed, and John looked up in time to catch the annoyed look on his face.
Suddenly there was a warm hand on his shoulder and a concerned face in front of his eyes. “Breathe, John”, the stranger instructed. “Breathe with me. Come on, focus. In, out, in, out...” The stranger put one hand on John's chest and breathed in a deep, regular rhythm until John followed his example. After a few minutes, John had calmed down enough to feel more like himself, whoever that may be, and slightly uncomfortable with a stranger's hands on his body.
“No, this isn't how I would typically handle a body to do a post mortem”, she was saying as she walked around the table on which the body was lying. “I don't have to be careful to put everything back together, see? I mean, whoever ends up here is already dead, so I, uh...” She trailed off, then rallied. “These are like the incisions a surgeon would make. John would know about that”, she added apologetically. Then, as if she had only just noticed, she asked, “Where is John today, by the way?”
“I still think you were crazy, though, keeping that damn pill. You know it was very likely poison, not a keepsake.”
. He raised his hands to his face, touching his skin with disbelief. His heart was pounding, and though beads of sweat appeared on his forehead, he shivered as if cold. He felt dizzy and disoriented. This was impossible. What the
, not again, come back, don't... don't go...”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Because when I found you... that morning, when you hadn't woken up... When you would never wake up again...”
Apologies for the delay - this chapter was a bitch to write, and then there was the Hobbit. I hope to have the next chapter up before Christmas. :)
I know, right?
and I’m out on the street, just like that, can you imagine? The bastards didn’t cut the other jobs, I know they didn’t, it’s just me they didn’t want, so I went with Rosie to this pub she knows so’s I could ask her, you know? And Rosie says it’s because I have too many sick days and was not performing well. Bugger that, I’m the best they got. Then Rosie had to get back after lunch and I was just looking for some company, so I went to this other pub, you know the one, and there was this cute girl, she was really nice and friendly and comforting and we had a few drinks and then her
"She means with more than one person."
(3:13pm) *text to cop caller* What are you going on about? I have a perfectly sound reason for receiving dead bodies. SH
I find that if I concentrate on something other than the muscular body I'm curled up against, I'm actually a bit tired. I consider closing my eyes for a moment.
Mycroft
I creep up the stairs toward my bedroom, to find the door slightly ajar. I know I closed it this morning when I left.
I glare at the hunter, barely visible in the dim moonlight. "So, if you're out hunting, how did you manage to end up out here so unprepared? Don't hunters carry survival gear for the outdoors?"
If he is alive and well he would laugh at my pride in my new talents.
Mycroft
"I believe he's with the soon-to-be-former Head of Security as we speak."
Mycroft
I stare at him dumbfounded. "Are you joking with me?" There's no way anyone can be that... naive?
"I do like it. I'm simply not used to it. May take me some time. Months maybe. Could be longer." I kiss his cheek as he has done to me.
I run to Myc’s room in time to see Lord Watson powerhouse Myc to the ground. I fall to the ground laughing like a maniac.
"So, what's in it for me, if I teach you how to capture the attentions of your blond friend out there?"
"It's likely, yes."  I wasn't sure I wanted tell him it looked like two people stayed here.
"No!" I open the flask and pour the sweet nectar into my mouth. "I'm of age to drink and I will do so as I see fit."
Sherlock
My arm naturally goes around her waist. "I think there's more than enough room both of us could sit on the couch. Or I could stand if you want." Shut up John. Why would you make her move? This is nice.
Sherlock starts to saunter off. "What the ever-loving... Get back here!" When he turns around I see something sad in his eyes. "Come on love. We'll take the deer in then talk." I push all the anger as far down as possible so I can focus on him.
I shake my head and wag my finger. "no no no no no noooooo. Not how that works. They will head back to Baker but to go get your stuff because you're moving in here." I squint at Seb sending him the mental thought that he better back me up or he will see the back side of a couch for a month. Minimum.
I huff. "He might not be getting shot at as often, but being around my brother long enough isn't much better." I get up from my seat, shrugging his arms off. "And then there's the matter of finances. That will be complicated..."
"Thanks Gov. Right generous of you to give me a shot." I raise my glass to Myc for a quick cheers.
"Don't be silly. You seem like a nice young man." I reach over and pat his knee, which is dangling over the arm of the sofa. "Frank's businesses did so much better once I took over." I smile at him. "Takes business sense like mine to make things like that profitable."
I chuckle. "OK, that was a bad idea." I give Daisy an affectionate pat, and grab Mycroft by the hand, pulling him toward our sleeping pad. I pull him into the blankets with me.
I laugh at his ridiculous answer. "Ok deary, if that's what you want to tell me then it's ok." I pat his knee and stand to get a stew bowl. "Hungry?"
Sherlock
Sherlock
Mycroft
I've been making good progress on the cake that Mycroft requested
Mycroft
"Assistant? Hmpf. He tried to pretend he was a cop. Just like you're trying to pretend I care bout what you want." I make a point to look at my nails and pretend to clean them. "The info you want don't come free."
"I will call you John, when no one can hear me, at least. You can call me... William."
Sherlock
I look at the carcass he shoves into my hand with horror. "What, exactly, do you expect me to do with this?"
Brother, I need copies of the surveillance video from outside Baker Street. I know, you don't admit to having it, but it's a matter of urgency.
I frown. "I want you healthy and well, and it has nothing to do with my 'needs'. I... actually care about your wellbeing, darlin'." I'd heard that people like Mycroft - people who were paid for pleasure - sometimes had a low self-worth, but I'd never met someone who was quite as negative on himself.
"Is this your first Gregory?" I reach further, and my forefinger touches his rim then circles around it.
His fingers found the exact right spot... finally. I gasp in relief, and I screw my head back into the pillows, crying out John's name with my release. My whole body is trembling as I become aware again, and I look down to see John staring back up at me with a smile.
I look forlornly at the two glasses of champagne, torn between drinking them both or pouring them out.
I pull my hands from his neck and place them in his. "If I were to have children, which I guarantee I will not, this would have gone to the oldest. Instead I wish it to go to you." I drop the Holmes Ring in his hand. It fits my thumb, so it should be safe to assume it would fit one of his fingers. "I can get you a proper chain for around your neck. Or you can choose not to wear it. You could put it in a box somewhe—"
Don't plan to. I hum around the dick hitting my throat to counteract any pain from adding the tip of my pinky into his arse.
We've trudged through the forest for about an hour, John leading the way, when he decides we need to regain our bearings. I start to protest - I have an excellent sense of direction and know the direction he said we needed to go - but he glares at me once, and my mouth snaps shut.
"After Lady Smallwood... well, it was the only profession open to me. No one wanted to do business with me. My father's bakery began to fail when she took me in... just the association of our names was enough to hurt him." I sigh a little, distracted from my original plan.
"Yeah. A bit. Angry at you. Angry at my Mum. Mostly just angry at me." I put my arm over my eyes and try to force my body to relax. The pain in my leg starts acting up so I massage it a bit and repeat -it’s not real- in my head.
Mycroft
"I... I don't need you to protect me anymore, brother." With that, I pull my hand away and head upstairs to gather some things.
I grab the fruit and move to sit beside the mat. "Are you going to actually eat it?" I take a grape and pop it into his mouth when he opens it to answer.
I stop chewing and swallow my food nearly whole to respond. "New delivery guy? What happened to Andrew? He's been working there for years now."
31st Oct
"No, no, that's not it. The smoke from this is mostly pine, and leaves. What I'm smelling is beech or ash." I start to wander away from our fire a bit, partly to confirm to myself that what I'm smelling isn't our fire.
"Who is Sholto?" I ask as we wind through the village.
+44 20 7377 7000 JW
I don't think I ever tire of this feeling, of this fullness. I rock my hips slightly against him, and resume stroking myself with a shiver. "Mmmm... fuck me til I can't think anymore, John..." I growl.'
I freeze the video to look again. "When was the last time Mrs. Hudson left the flat in house slippers, John? I've never known her to do such a thing." I look at the frozen image more closely. "That man has made a remarkable attempt at imitating my appearance - Belstaff, silk shirt, Ferragamo shoes. It's obvious he's trying to throw off anyone who might be observing him."
Sherlock
"Cause you look bout fourteen and talk about Mummy like you're twelve. Safe to assume you do nothing but read all day. Most men your age have jobs, a spouse, kids, all the adult stuff." Not that I would ever agree to murder but Mummy is making a bit of sense bout Sherlock not pulling his weight.
No, just send me the damn video. I will handle this.
I open my hand and fiddle with it a bit before putting it in my pocket. "It is who I am. Sherlock would never want it. If you'd rather not, then just say so." I start to stand. "Daisy must be hungry. I'll grab her food."
My hands rest on his hips, and I rub my thumbs over his hip bones as I take him deeper.
"Yeah, will do." I fidget with the bag as we wait for Myc. "You know why we're going to the Castle. You could save all of us a bunch of time if you just..."
"You are quite confident we will find him. How far are we from a Village or encampment?"
I grin to myself. "Of course, dear. I could whip up something for that ache if you'd like." I say as I hand him a bowl.
"A very good point. The taste is quite good. Perhaps I will let you cook again." I grab the remaining apple from the bag and split it in half. "Fish and apples pair well."
"I was thinking ‘bout that. I could ask Irene to show me what parts of the deer she wants preserved. You can get the potions then. After you're done and she comes back in you can meet me outside. We'll leave while she thinks we're cleaning the carcass." It seemed a safe enough plan that even Sherlock shouldn't be able to put himself in danger.
"Walk. Yes. That would be my preference." Sherlock has never been a physical child. I doubt he could get very far at all.
I shiver and scoot back toward the middle of the bedding, my back still facing him. "Better?"
We huddled in silence. Eventually, a sliver of moonlight made its way into the cave.
I smooth my hand over the scar tissue, then lower my lips to it, kissing softly over it, then up his neck. I catch his wrists, pulling them away from his waistband. "Allow me..." I whisper in his ear as his pants land in a puddle on the floor with his other clothing. I stand back a moment to admire his naked form - muscular, but not overly so, lightly tanned, and very aroused. I smile to myself.
In order not to fall I keep my hand on the cave wall and follow it towards the back. "Omph" I trip over something. "I'm sorry." I think I either stepped on his toe or possibly a finger.
You want me to pick up dinner?
"Got a bit lost. Spent a night in a tree. Saw your place and hoped we could get a decent meal before we got back on the road." I sip at the surprisingly good tea and feel very comfortably warm.
I pat his back awkwardly - I want to hold him, to comfort him, but I'm afraid he'll take it wrong. Looking at the sky, I suggest, "Let's stay here for the night. Give Daisy a good rest, us a warm meal, and we'll set out again at first light."
I look up to see a couple of young men walking - well, one is walking, the other hobbling - toward me. I haven't seen anyone here in ages. The folks in the village tend to avoid me, after all. "Yes? May I help you gentlemen?"
I walk up towards the man in black and red. "Hello. Hi. Umm. Wow bad impression." I wipe the back of my neck with my handkerchief.
Mycroft
I down the coffee and yell my goodbyes to Sherlock. I follow him out the door.
I press against his hips, trying to help keep him standing for a few minutes longer. I pull back and take a breath, then dive forward again. My own neglected dick is throbbing with need, so I give it a few strokes, my moans vibrating around him.
Sherlock
Sherlock
I wipe at the back of my neck as Mum chastised me. "Just pointing out you won’t be killing him anytime soon. And don't bother Maria, he'll be sleeping with me.
"These peaches are divine, but I really should wash some of this juice off." I carefully slip off my jacket and roll up my sleeves as I follow John over to the sink, rinsing off my hands. "Do you dance?"
"There's a village about a half-day ride from here, but we're likely to encounter outlying settlement before that." I yawn. "This camp is only a couple weeks old - more recent than the cave. So I think we're catching up."
"I made a promise." My breath is ragged and my throat parched. "I need a nap. Are you ok?"
Mycroft
I wiggle my eye brows at him. "Anything?" I can't hold my sexy face long before I burst out laughing. "Nah. I don't need your money." I lean in to whisper to him. "I over charged your brother. Made him pay an annoyance fee." This was my last delivery of the day and I don't know if i have time to make another one... Crap. Wait! "I got it! I have one mask left. Couldn't sell it. It's not bad at all. If anyone could pull it off it'll be you."
I fold my arms behind my head. "Get on with it then. Ruin me."
"I would like that." The reminder of Smallwood will go untouched for now. "I must ask you something. I have heard you refer to Daisy and myself as Darlin. Is this something you do often with people or animals?"
"Last I knew I was heading South in the Lestrade Forest. Haven't been able to see the stars a single time since I got lost so I don’t exactly know where we are or which way we should be heading." I rummage in my coat and pull out a piece of Jerky. "Hungry?"
"Mmm, no, I can manage." I slurp the peach noisily.
After some research, John discovered the financial control that Mycroft had over Sherlock.  While it angered him, he ensured that Mycroft’s financial concerns were alleviated, and he was able to continue to live in the style to which he was accustomed, all while keeping Sherlock out of it entirely.
Sherlock
(7:05pm) *text to won't sell dead bodies* You said you had rarely have random people ask for corpses. That leaves the possibility that you do get asked but not by random people. SH
"A poker player you are not. Maybe it is because you believe your own lies. You wonder what will change when we return. You question if I will continue our arrangement now that no money will be exchanged."
"You only have the one?" There are few horses in the barn. "These are needed supplies. Clothes, blankets, change of shoes, socks, some food, and a small journal."
"Uh uh. She's like a Grandma out of a fairytale. She's smart and manipulative and is the reason I'll have to send our ex-guards far far away." Sleep is returning for me quickly. "I'm gonna keep her. We made a bet."
"No. No I do not think so." He is as yet unaware of my new relationship status. "You may have it and give to yours with my heart felt blessing.'
"Mmmm." I twist under his hands. "That was before." I mumble. "It's different now."
I wrinkle my nose at the nondescript item John offers me. "What is that? It looks awful."
"You're... making breakfast. For Jim? I thought he kidnapped you, not hired you for a housekeeper."
"Look, Lock, it's just sleeping. Would you prefer to freeze your arse off?" I wonder if his books said anything about body heat. "Besides we've already -slept- together and I didn't even know you for an hour then."
Sherlock
I sputter tea again. "Yeah, well, um..." I can't even look at the woman now. "You know, I'm not really that hungry, and I should be getting to work early today..." I start to get up from the table.
"Sherlock." I shiver uncontrollably. John puts an arm around me, and I lean into his warmth. "How long do you think until sunrise?”
I nod slightly, though I can't move my head much with the tight grip he's got on my hair. The slight twinge of pain is almost erotic.
I pull away suddenly, and jump up from the couch. "I really need to check on John." I say and quickly hurry from the room before she can stop me.
I nod quietly, not trusting myself to answer aloud.
Mycroft
Mycroft
There's no way I can say no. "Thank you. I'd appreciate that." The woman is quite stunning
I chuckle at his comment. "My expectations are far easier to meet than your own." I lift my head up and look down at him. The way he looks right back at me is somewhat unnerving. Eye contact with him is by far more intimate than most sex I've had before.
My cock jumps at his declaration and I moan loudly. "Do you want me to stop, my dearest?"
I park my motorcycle in the garage, hanging my helmet on it, and walk into the house, to find Jim lounging on the sofa (as usual) and Martha humming happily in the kitchen. I shake my head as I hang up my coat. "Hey, babe. Good day?"
I hold up the jerky then set it aside on my plate. "Thank you Gregory."
Oh shut up inner voice. No one asked you.
Sherlock
"You are my heart. It is simply a symbol."
"I... I. I don't need help. I'm fine. Just go." Gregory is the only one who could possibly help me but if he knew how I -need- him he would sicken. "Just give me a few moments."
Sherlock
"Shut up, Sherlock." I snap. "Do we have any of those biscuits left? The unburnt ones?" I knew the biscuits Greg had given me were baked by Sherlock, which means he's hiding some somewhere. "Never mind, I'll find them myself." I turn and storm into the kitchen and start rifling loudly through cabinets.
I put my hands on my thighs and squeeze tightly. Tight enough that my knuckles go white and my nails make small breaks in my skin. "Are you sure, love? That's a lot. I want to, so much, but I don't want you to jump to anything." I put my hands back onto his sides and wait for him to look at me.
I twirl around in victorious glee. "I TOLD YOU! Now we just have to figure out where it is. Smoke means a cabin or a campsite or something, right?" I look around for a rock outcropping or something, so I can get a higher vantage point.
My knees nearly buckle at the touch of his tongue. "Oh, gods..." I grip his shoulders, and try to calm myself.
"Promise not to laugh."
My eyes light up at the thought. "Really? I would love to take some home with me... I bet these would make a fantastic peach tart."
I growl. "If I hadn't been snoring, you'd still be sleeping off your little experiment, not torturing me at 4am..."
Sherlock
Third Time's the Charm
I smile to myself, almost giddy.
I pull back after a sweet moment. Where I rest my forehead on his chest I can feel his heart pounding away.
"Is that what you were doing? Greasing his wheels? Looked more like patting his arse from my view."
"I told you, one of the reasons I joined the guard was because nothing else was available to me. Now that I've risen through the ranks a bit, and proven myself, no one cares about my life outside of work.  It's nice knowing she doesn't have that control over my life anymore."
"Greg. Gregory." I slow down my pace so that I can concentrate on his pleasure. I find the spot that causes him to gasp and I focus on rubbing it with the head of my dick.
"Sorry about that, John. My brother is an idiot."
Mycroft
(((John's Dream)))
"Thank you, Mycroft but I don't want Sherlock to have to cook for another person without enough warning. Maybe dinner here another time." I turn back to Sherlock as Myc leaves.  It’s unfair of him to offer up Sherlocks superior culinary skills and inviting me to dinner without asking him first.
I let myself go limp on the bed, my hands slipping stiffly from the bar as I lay face-down in the pillows.
His voice is like silk, a soft caress against my ears. I stand up and pull the drawstring of my trousers, letting them fall to the floor, watching his reaction closely.
"Do you know what that means?"
Sherlock
Mycroft
"Hmm? Oh, uh, no. No problem. How are you?" I know I'm blushing but I can't stop thinking about his rather interesting discussion with a particular silver fox.
"What's that to ya? You one of Jimmy’s weird people? I don't got time for this." Freaks. That's what they are. The whole lot of them.
"I've survived so far." I add another piece of wood to the fire and place a few more sticks closer to keep dry. "Looks like it's gonna snow again. We should stay here another day at least."
I feign a shocked look. "You know what I am, do you?"
"Mycroft is on the case. Well, at least what he can do. We'll do the rest."
"No. No more tea." I hug his middle and just breath him in.
I step outside to retrieve the morning paper, and sit down to read it - it's a rare treat to get to read it first, after all. I gasp when I see that splashed across the front page is a full color photograph of John, those beautiful blue eyes of his gleaming in mirth, as he danced... WITH ME!
I awake with a shiver.
"Yet." I try to carefully peel the skin off the fish but that proves as impossible as finding a piece of meat without a bone in it. I watch Gregory out of the corner of my eye to see how he is eating it.
I stand up and take his hand. "Let's go dance. While we dance, point out people, and I'll tell you what I see." We head back to the main hall.
(2:12am) *text to phone finder* You really thought he was cute? SH
Once inside I see Irene pouring something into the stew. She has a lot of great spices that make even the blandest food taste good. "Lock and I will be in the room if you won't be needing it right now."
"Yes! You are the one not taking it!" I cease fighting and go limp. "I am saying, with this ring, that you are my family. You, and William when we find him, are the only family I have or will ever want."
I quietly follow Jamie to the back of the store, where I presented with a wall of various milk products. I sigh as I stare at it. "What kind of milk should I get for tea?" I ask him quietly.
Sherlock
"Sherlock. Stop." It's obvious he may have read about it but doing it is completely different. Once I finish skinning the other hare I set it next to the first. "Here, we'll do it together. Follow my lead."
"Maybe an hour or two." I reply, brushing off some of the dust. "Should be an easy walk - the forest thins a bit in that direction. Trail will be harder to follow, though. You need a break, or are you good to continue?"
Mycroft
I position myself over him which is when I would normally unbutton the ring but I don't this time.
"No wool is completely waterproof unless it's still on the sheep. Now get your kit off and set it to dry." I turn the jacket over and start taking off my layers of clothes.
Once my cock is free is pops up and smacks Myc in the chin. I chuckle at his not-happy look. "Sorry gorgeous. Guess it wants your mouth as much as the rest of me. I'll punish him later for such bad manners. A good spanking should suffice." I laugh at my own jokes but mostly it’s his reaction to them.
Sherlock
"Boiiiillllinnnggg..." He still looks like there's nothing going on upstairs. "Ugh. We have everything we need to heat up the water. Wow." If that was hard how hard is it going to be to tell him naked cuddling with our clothes over us would be the best way to survive this night.
The table is now covered in tea that I spit out yet still managed to choke on. "You got Sherlock to kill your husband? Damn. You are good."
It takes me a few tries, and eventually help from Gregory to get up on Daisy. "Do you call everyone by those pet names?" I finally settle into the saddle but I was not as prepared as I thought I was for Gregory to get behind me and snug himself as close to me as possible. Unable to scoot up at all I resign myself to my dubious fate of feeling him against me for the foreseeable future.
Sherlock
I take one of the biscuits as requested and set it on the tea saucer. It’s been a long day full of nonsense. "Thank you for coming. The masks were brilliant. The Phoenix mask was the best though. You did make it, yes?"
It does not rain the day of the funeral.
"Two and a half inches." John read the gauge and shut the door again. "Is that- ohh."
Sherlock was insistent on walking back. It was only a few blocks, but the time it took them to make it back home meant he endured three more contractions en route. John explained to Cara that this was okay, that mummy was fine, and that this meant Tess was coming. This brightened Cara’s mood significantly.
"No, I'm fine," Sherlock replied instantly, and turned his attention back to Marjorie. He could feel as her own body contracted, and Sherlock slipped his arm inside and cried out as her muscles tightened around him. "Christ, girl, that's not helping me any," he gasped, and then called to John, "crank! Crank, for god's sake!"
“We were meant to be traveling with a newborn, you know,” Sherlock groused, bending down with effort to pick up a sock he’d dropped whilst packing. He straightened back up with a huff and watched as an elbow rippled down his broad side, a protest for being squashed. “If you were out here, where you’re meant to be, you wouldn’t be quite so cramped.” He tossed the sock in his suitcase and sat down heavily on the bed, catching his breath. “And mummy would be much happier and far less huge.”
The bartender interrupted John's train of thought by sliding a steaming basket of fish and chips under his nose. John inhaled deeply and sighed. "Thanks, mate," he murmured, and doused his chips in vinegar before popping one into his mouth.
Sherlock was halfway between the kitchen and his chair when he stopped short. Looking slightly alarmed, he laid his hands on both sides of his belly, sliding his palms up and down. John watched, and his heart rate picked up. “Erm…”
John’s typing slows. Mycroft will know he’s listening, but he can’t be bothered to care.
He heard John’s voice at the tail end of a long contraction, and unscrewed his eyes to look up at his mate blearily. John dragged a cool cloth over his forehead, his expression full of love and concern. “You’re doing really well. Would it help if you were on hands and knees?” he asked, and Sherlock didn’t know, but he was reaching out for John’s help getting up before he finished speaking. Just knowing that John was there, helping him, was enough.
He looked up at John, ice-blue eyes locking gazes with John, and leaned forward to lick the tip of John’s nose. If cats could smile, the expression on Sherlock’s face was clearly a smile. John fondled his ear for a minute, with Sherlock leaning into the touch, and then the serval closed his eyes and pushed.
He grabs a towel and beats at the flames. From behind him, Sherlock lunges forward with a snarl and seizes his arm. John pushes him back.
that he thought he might burst.
“Suppose that’s a good thing, though?” Molly said, then caught herself and explained. “I just mean - if you don’t have as many cases there, maybe crime is down, yeah? And, well, you’ve got -“
“C’mon, Sherlock, let it out,” John encouraged, slowly rubbing Sherlock’s taut abdomen. “You know it’ll feel better if you do.”
"There is," Sherlock said slowly, deliberately, "a difference between friendship and love."
“So do I,” John agreed, hooking an arm under Sherlock’s shoulder blade and holding him there as he started to move. They both found the rhythm that they needed. John pushed in and rocked Sherlock’s body forward, and Sherlock pushed back, taking John deeper, as deep as he could, feeling so full of
Sherlock sighed. "I can tell things about people. It's how I knew about your wound, your cross-country healing expedition, that you were a doctor. But I can usually tell more than that. Whether they're hiding something, or honest, or somewhere in between. I can't tell that about you, and it's worrying. I have to…trust you," Sherlock said, spitting out the word 'trust' as though it were poison. "I've never trusted anyone before. Trust leaves you vulnerable."
Sherlock is on the couch. He’s still in his pyjamas, and he’s lying on his side with his head on his arm. His other arm is at his side, hand resting softly on his stomach.
"Need to be in you," John growled at the same time Sherlock gasped "Need you in me," and they both managed to pause long enough to stumble to Sherlock's small bedroom and strip naked on the bed.
He checks the doorknob. Unlocked. Knocking twice, he waits a moment before opening the door and entering. Sherlock is seated in the shower, with the water off, his clothes in a puddle on the floor. A milk-soaked Ace bandage is on the top of the pile, and John grimaces in sympathy.
It was a bit like watching a magic trick - John’s eyes didn’t quite know where to look when Sherlock shifted, so it was rather like his brain just skipped over the weird bits and started working in real time once the transformation was over. One second, Sherlock stood in front of him, tail flicking, and the next there was a three-foot-tall cat with big, round ears staring up at him with icy blue eyes.
He moved heavily and slowly out of the box when he was finished and laid on the floor at John’s feet, looking miserable. The cat heaved a sigh and looked up at John miserably. “I know, love,” he murmured, kneeling to scratch the cat’s head and pat his belly. “They’ll come soon. You can’t get much bigger than this.”
“Yeah, I bet so. Do you want - I mean, they’re both out there and I’m sure they’re anxious to see her, but we can make them wait if -“
Crowning felt the same as it did last time - that deep itch being scratched, but like being stretched wide from a massive knot. This baby’s head was bigger, and for several minutes Sherlock strained, gasping, trying to shove it out. He could hardly keep still, rocking his hips desperately, doing everything he knew how to deliver the baby. He reached out and gathered the baby close to his chest, still letting her nurse. John reached over and rubbed Sherlock’s other nipple, and Sherlock gasped and jerked and finally the second baby’s head emerged fully, the weight of it hot against Sherlock’s thigh.
Sherlock let out a noise that could have been a coo of pleasure if he hadn’t caught himself. “Don’t stop,” he breathed. His hips jerked and he moved a hand down around the generous, full curve of his belly to rub his cock, which was springing to life between his thighs.
“Let me go get my bag,” John said quietly, dropping a kiss to Sherlock’s shoulder over his bond bite. “Cut the cord and clean her up. Just a mo.” He moved out from behind Sherlock as carefully as he could, trying not to shift Sherlock around. He returned a few moments later with his bag and some towels, setting the bag down at the foot of the bed and rooting around for clamps and a pair of scissors. He clamped her umbilical cord as it stopped pulsing and made a precise cut to sever it, and just like that she was her own human being.
“You can,” John said again. “I’ve got her, Sherlock, got her head and her shoulders are right there, no cord, push again and she’ll be here, I promise.” John’s voice was wet and a little reedy, and Sherlock knew he was crying. He drew in a shallow rattling breath and pushed again.
“Oh, I’m sure you will, love. You’ve still got plenty of room,” John said, patting Sherlock’s side lightly. “I’ll even feed you, so all you have to do is chew and swallow. That’ll make it easier, won’t it?” he said, his finger brushing over the tautest part of Sherlock’s stomach.
Conclusion: John was eager to raise Sherlock's baby.
"Happy Christmas, Sherlock."
“I still love carrying your babies after week thirty, they just don’t carry quite as easily after that point,” Sherlock said, leaning forward and bracing himself on John’s chest, then continuing to move. “You try to imagine how it feels to carry a wiggly football between your hips for forty weeks and then we’ll see who’s griping.”
"Why don't you want the baby?" John interjected, and Sherlock looked up.
Sherlock held John’s gloved hand in his own and set the pace for their walk. It was more of a slow amble than a walk, but between his pronounced waddle and the slightly slippery sidewalks, it was all the faster he could go. “She’s starting to feel very low,” he said, stopping at a crosswalk and rubbing his lower belly waiting for the light to turn. “I think she might have dropped a bit overnight. I feel fine,” he said right away to fend off any of John’s worries. “Light’s turned. I was just keeping you informed.” He tugged John out into the crosswalk.
John stood up on his tiptoes and pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s forehead. “Can’t wait.”
He drank slow sips of the soda, letting John continue to fill him up with short bursts from the compressed whipped cream can. His shirt got tight again and he put his soda can down to wiggle uncomfortably out of the tight shirt, tossing it aside. He used both hands to marvel at his new form, running his hands from his flat chest down over his jutting, cresting belly. The lower part was fuller now than the top, thanks to the whipped cream, round and firm with very little give. “Full,” he said, looking at John, his brain half offline.
“Not our bed for much longer. Not our problem,” John said cheerily, pulling Sherlock’s feet into his lap and starting to knead lightly at the arches.
"Are you alright, Sherlock? You're not hurting, are you?" John asked, holding the comealong in both hands and watching Sherlock intently.
Sherlock slips into a daze. There is some noise, and someone moves him into the bed, and there is fussing about between his legs. He swats ineffectively at them. Someone is saying, "Let me see her, give her to me, let me have her." Whoever it is, Sherlock will gleefully murder him without a second thought if he touches his baby.
“Must be unpleasant,” John said, his hand resting where Sherlock left it, over the baby’s bottom. His belly had become just slightly lopsided as the baby settled, with more baby on his left side than on his right.
After twenty-one minutes of silent agony, Sherlock said ‘oh’ again, and John tapped a button on his phone with a shaking finger.
“If that’s what saves our hides, I’ll forgive you, but otherwise you owe me bigtime,” John said, sniffling and stripping off his wet trousers. Sherlock laughed until his belly ached.
He seated himself at the bar and ordered a pint, checking his wallet surreptitiously to see just what all he'd be able to order before he wouldn't have enough to pay for his meal. He thumbed through three measly bills and shook out several pound coins before deciding he'd have to be relatively dry this evening unless he wanted to try and scarper out the loo window like he'd attempted last time. His shoulder twinged and John decided that he'd just as well pay for this particular meal and take care of tomorrow when it came.
“Hold him,” she said, and handed the bundle to Sherlock. Even after decades being out of practice, his arms curled around the baby, holding him close in a way that he knew he’d never forget. He heard footsteps and John was a warm presence at his side, looking down at the baby in Sherlock’s arms. The little thing had the same cupid’s-bow lips that his mother had inherited from Sherlock, pursed in the way that all babies’ mouths were. Sherlock recognized Cameron’s nose.
"And these go…where?" John inquired as Sherlock led the way out of the dark henhouse. He closed the door behind them and followed Sherlock's example, kicking off the manure and mud from his boots and leaving his loaned wellies outside the back door.
He looks around for Sherlock and finds that but besides him, the bathroom is unoccupied. So, it transpires, is the other men's bathroom. A quick look over the main room finds it similarly lacking in Sherlocks. John takes out his phone, taps out a quick text:
“She’s got you for a mum. She’s bound to be silly,” John said, lowering his paper and watching Sherlock’s little game with the baby. “I was thinking we might go somewhere for a weekend. One last getaway before we become slaves to the will of a newborn Holmes child.”
Sherlock fell to his knees, drawing in deep, shaking breaths. The baby in his belly shifted anxiously as his blood pressure rose, as his self control decayed and he started to sob under the pounding shower.
"Fine by me," John responded, and pushed his chair back, strode around the table and pressed his lips to Sherlock's again. Sherlock made a pleased sort of noise and gripped John's jumper in his hands, tugging at the material.
“Yeah,” John agreed. “He really is. If there’s two things you excel at, it’s catching murderers and making bloody gorgeous babies.” He sat on the bed next to Sherlock.
He sets down the stack of dish towels, crosses the room, kneels by the sofa, and covers Sherlock’s hands—on his stomach and chest both—with his own.
John smiles tightly and nods. "Yeah. Thanks."
“Well, it did, but possibly not as much as other bodies did. You’re doing…
Sherlock looked at him. “Are you ready?”
“Sap,” Sherlock scoffed, but let John kiss him, and kiss him, and kiss him.
“Shit,” came the reply from the kitchen, and the sound of a hurried setting-down of a mug on the countertop. John appeared in the doorway. “Really? How long did it last?”
let alone now. But I’m sure it will be fine.”
"You're the bravest fucking man I know," Greg replies, "and you hurt like hell."
Sherlock fumbled for the calf's nostrils and gripped them between his thumb and forefinger, feeling the amniotic sac rupture and soak his arm and trousers. "We've got to get it out fast, the sac just broke," he grunted, and motioned for John to keep going, keep cranking.
Sherlock looked at the cake and despite himself, his mouth watered a little. It looked
Sherlock smiled, wide and tired, and pushed when the next contraction came.
to, Sherlock. It's not exactly an option. There's one way this baby can come out, and it involves you and a lot of work. Come on, love. You can do it."
“I don’t think you can, either,” John agreed, shrugging off his coat and toeing off his shoes. “Do you want to do it now, or have dinner first?”
“We send her fingerprints to them, and they engrave it on the spoon - and then we have a record of her fingerprints, just in case. Molly, that’s very thoughtful. Thank you.” Sherlock carefully folded the certificate and put it back in the box. He didn’t even mention that fingerprinting as a means of identification is nearly obsolete - DNA is far more reliable - but John had drilled into him that with baby gifts, it’s often the thought that counts.
Sherlock is already ahead. He squeezes John's hand and pushes one last time.
“We can freeze some,” John said, shutting the door after Sherlock had shoved the cooler inside. “And she’s right, we don’t cook often enough, so having actual home-cooked food is better than ordering in all the time.”
“You hear that?” he said, turning back to the mirror and stroking his sides slowly. “Come out. All of us are ready for you.”
“It won’t hurt,” Sherlock said, and wrenched himself upright. He gasped at the pain of doing so and reached out for John. “Jesus. It must be counterproductive to have muscles get so tight when one is trying to shove an infant out of one’s body,” he groaned, letting John help him into the shower.
John shook his head. “That’s all I’ve got. I checked the cupboards here - nothing stronger anywhere. I’ll let you have a little bigger dose, but that’s all I can do. Would a bath or shower help?” he asked, shaking out two pills and cracking a third in half. He handed them to Sherlock, who swallowed them dry.
“Yeah,” Sherlock replied. “It fizzes, when it goes down. I can feel the gas, a bit.”
Despite the doctor’s assertions that Sherlock did nothing wrong last time, he takes it almost unbearably easy once he crests 34 weeks. He hardly takes cases, even over the phone, and sleeps in and takes lukewarm baths and stays in his pyjamas and eats truly appalling amounts of applesauce. Mostly, he rests, and thinks.
John moved again and deftly slid two fingers into Sherlock’s opening. He was already swollen and sensitive as his body loosened, so there was no pain, only pressure. John’s fingers pushed and prodded until they found Sherlock’s sweet spot. The Omega whined and breathed John’s name again, begging for more.
“Can’t say I blame you,” John laughed. He pulled up a Christmas music soundtrack on his mobile and hit play, then set it aside to return to Sherlock’s foot rub. “I’m pretty happy inside, too. Nice to have a quiet, relaxed evening while on holiday.”
John made their second round of plates, and Sherlock noticed that his stomach was rounded, too. He sipped at his water whilst John portioned out the food - they were close to finishing the vegetables and turkey, but had a lot of mashed potatoes, stuffing, Yorkshire puddings and cranberry sauce to go.
“He has Cam’s nose, we think,” Joanna said, and Cameron nodded.
“Love you,” John said, nudging Sherlock toward the bed. When Sherlock’s thighs hit the mattress John stopped them both, stretching up to kiss Sherlock deeply. Sherlock responded in kind, happily returning John’s affections. It was like slipping into a comfortable role - though the sex had never gotten rote, the mechanics were the same as usual and Sherlock found comfort in the eager kisses, the soft noises and familiar touches.
“He’s...not talking a whole lot,” John does say. “I think he’s grieving in his...in his own way. He’s already gone to bed. Not feeling well, I don’t think.”
John blinked and rose back up. "Oh. Erm, sorry, Mrs Hudson, I didn't know."
John, and blinked. "I need a moment." And without waiting for John's reply, Sherlock strode out the back door and collapsed onto a step.
