And then they left.
, she realized.
“I do not!” Sherlock huffed.
John tried to picture them both in 221B, each facing out their own window and playing music side by side.
“Him, then,” John amended. “Describe him.”
in a band, but not really, it was just a cover-up, because…” She looked at Sherlock’s confused, blank stare. “She was working with Mycroft.”
daughter, I think he felt it would be a crime against her life if she grew up never knowing the love of his.”
She looked incredibly uncomfortable, and I was growing more and more perturbed by the second. “Just what?”
, Sherlock?”
“Ahhhh,” John moaned, and if I hadn’t just come twenty minutes earlier, I would have done then without even touching myself. My cock spasmed and I groaned around John’s, badly needing more. More contact, more sounds from John, more of him—
“Sherlock…” John warned.
“Are you? Punishing me?”
Mary rolled her eyes and looked back at Sherlock. “That’s certainly not true, they’d just only ever met those tarts he dated before
“You’re too old for this, Sherlock,” Mycroft drawled as Sherlock limped into the sitting room. “This gallivanting around, chasing down criminals.”
Moriarty’s eyes flickered wider than humanly possible, his grotesque smile growing and morphing into his next words. He wrapped his fingers around the microphone, and when he spoke, his voice was thick with ecstasy.
“Molly,” said John, turning to her. “Would you mind fetching us some coffee?”
“David,” blurted Anna, blushing uncontrollably. That was okay, though, she realized. It would help her. A lie began to form in her mind, a lie based on the truth.
Anna sniffed away a few oncoming tears. “It’s okay,” she said, after a moment. “You just… loved him. I always understood that.”
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” she chanted, white-faced, as Mycroft marched her down the hall to another, smaller room and closed the door behind them. “I didn’t know what I was… did I… I didn’t kill him? Oh my God, I didn’t mean—“
“I didn’t sleep well last night (the baby, you know), and I can’t focus the way I should do. I’ll take a nap, we’ll talk tomorrow.”
Alright, so, yes, perhaps it wasn’t the most scintillating thing I could have said. But it didn’t seem as if he was going to pull me back towards him quite yet (if ever) (probably never) (did that disappoint me?) (what on
One thing was certainly clear; Mary Watson was not going to go down without a fight.
. He was so incredibly upset, it was beautiful.” Moriarty petted the soft velvet of the crown.
“You don’t even love her,” Sherlock blurted. An annoying lump had formed in his throat.
John spun and pointed the gun at his head. He took a good look at the tall, handsome man in front of him. “Disarming,” he said, just barely above the alarm.
“I can’t take it anymore,” Mary whispered after she’d pulled him round the corner of the hallway. “He’s driving me insane.”
dead, though.”
he cried, between heaving sobs.
, Sherlock thought bitterly.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock turned and dialed Mycroft again—still with no answer. “Confound him!” he shouted at the phone. “I am going to kill him! I am going to squeeze the life out of him with my bare hands!” He looked back at Molly. “Have you any possible idea where she’s gone?”
Sherlock sighed again. “I supposed I owe you an apology.”
“Of course I talked to you,” she said, eying him. “Sherlock’s a shite listener, don’t you know that?”
Sherlock stumbled toward the nearest van, his muscles still not quite recovered from being tased. “
Sherlock screamed.
“You’ll just have to get a more appropriate coat, Sherlock,” said Mrs. Hudson. “Something that can be wiped and cleaned easily. It’s just not economical to wear expensive clothing when you have a baby.”
“How long has it been since you’ve had anything fresh?”
It was the grey that made him run.
He shrugs. “Run, most likely.”
She had sent Ning Min Lee, known in inner circles simply as Ne, after the Japanese word which asks for confirmation, for an agreement—a man who paradoxically centred his whole identity on the phrase equivalent of ‘am I right?’. He was tall and skinny, with a slicked back pompadour that looked as if he’d made it by greasing up a hairball from the drain and a prominent brow and high cheekbones made him look skeletal, and chronic ulcers gave him a sickly and menacing countenance, as if he were always annoyed. He had arrived with a cigarette in one hand, yellow juzu beads around the other—Sherlock had nearly smiled at the irony—and with his shirtsleeves rolled up, displaying his tattoos, as if they could strike fear into a man who’d seen them nearly every day in London, where they meant nothing.
“You know as long as I’m here, you won’t be alone, Sherlock. Never. I’ll track you down if I have to. My record’s pretty bloody on point there. If I’m going to stay, if this is going to work, you have to trust me enough to not spare me from the burden you carry. Ruin me a little. Let me help you.”
"Wait, isn't that John's moleskin—"
“Perhaps. What are you feeling?”
The voice repeated themselves.
John is waiting in the kitchen, seated at the table with his arms crossed. Sherlock takes the opportunity to drag the chair out as noisily as he can, scraping it against the floor in the great, cold silence.
There was a long silence, and Sherlock began to think he might’ve asked the exact wrong question in this situation, when John spoke.
“Vampires.”
“Maybe we will, alright, but not if you keep blabbing it out like that. Is that how you knew my name?”
"Go to sleep."
“A new game, then.”
In the mirror, from every angle, his eyes are rimmed in red, blurry with irritated wetness. Life continues on in the blue-bruising streets behind him. The castle’s night lights have come up, casting everything in a golden glow.
“I promise.”
Sherlock’s mouth ticked up. “And what are you having?” His eyes were sparkling again—expecting, John thought, another smart-arse reply.
“You were gone an awfully long time for a simple coffee shop inspection.”
“It’s okay,” Lucy sniffed, clearly still angry and forcing herself to follow up with the fake response that went with the fake apology.
We kissed again, and my arms pulled him close. As close as I could. I suddenly couldn’t get close enough. “John.”
Sherlock thought he should say something. “Molly, I want you to know that I am entirely grateful for—“
“There are cameras, in that room.”
John had folded the blanket again and now he was rolling it up, slowly, gathering each side over tightly and pulling it taut to remove the wrinkles. “Couldn’t.”
stiffly. He was clearly physically uncomfortable around John—even John, unobservant simpleton that he was, could deduce that much. He sighed. “Sherlock…”
Sherlock stared at him.
So now John is kissing him and wondering how they got there. He can probably blame drugs and rock and roll, because those two are part of a trio and the third part is inevitable if the first two are present. He’s kissing him and kissing him, and devouring him, and Sherlock is fumbling at his shirt buttons, and John is lacing his fingers through Sherlock’s hair. “God, oh God,” John says, and it’s more like a prayer than anything, because he’s totally completely out of his element and needs some higher power to take control. As it turns out that higher power is not God, it’s Sherlock Holmes, and that turns out to be perfectly okay with John. Sherlock pivots him around and walks him backwards and pushes his body against the wall, kissing down to his neck. John’s hands are still clutching Sherlock’s hair and his head is thrown back and his hips are bowed away from the wall, trying to find Sherlock’s own. He needs some friction, and those fingers, the ones that played the hell out of that guitar. John sees Sherlock’s left hand against the wall beside his head and he leans and kisses the wrist.
“John.”
It was then that she noticed Tchaikovsky playing in her ear. Anna couldn’t remember what piece, but she knew it was him. “
Moriarty,” Sherlock reminded him.
“So would’ve I.”
it’s complete shite—“
“Because,” Sherlock answered, sticking his nose in the air, “she’s standing right behind you.”
, he thought, as he grabbed one and dug out some money to give to the vendor. He hoped that not all of the articles had to do with the Queen’s recent death—he couldn’t care less about all that business.
“All right,” the guard told them. “Wrap it up.”
about—
“Copy that,” he said into the radio. “Pull back all units, I repeat,
“No,” she interrupted. Two fat tears spill over her bottom eyelids, and she wiped them off gently, turning out to face the skyline. “No, Sherlock, I don’t want your pity. I never have. You reach this point where you sort of just accept that your feelings won’t be returned, but it doesn’t matter; you’re going to keep feeling them anyway. You come to a sort of peace with it, knowing that you will love this person forever even though they can never love you back. You accept that you’ll do anything for them, be anything they want you to be, because you no longer have control over yourself or what happens to you. You’re totally consumed by love.” Molly sighed through her tears, and turned back to him. “I will do anything for you, Sherlock. Of course I will take care of Anna if something happens to you. Of course I will keep your secrets. I’d much rather be your… your
The pond had not existed when John first bought the property. Instead of a pond there was a small creek that ran through the trees and to the river several miles inland. But John had always wanted a house with a pond and thought it might be nice to have somewhere to swim close by in the summer months and to sit by and have his tea in the morning. So he’d hired an excavator to come and dig out a pond for him. They’d dammed up the creek and diverted the stream and then dug it out. John had wanted to keep fish in it and so they’d gone down very deep. That way the water would stay cool enough in the summer and warm enough in the winter so that the fish would not die. After it was dug they opened the first dam to let water through and fill up the pond, and then John had put fish in it and had thoroughly enjoyed his swimming that summer.
“Of course, you had every right to be suspicious,” Sherlock said, ignoring Anna. “But I can assure you that you will have the key in hand very soon.”
. No good. His penis strained against the thin fabric, and nothing was going to hide it. He wouldn’t keep himself locked in the bathroom while John tried to talk to him through the door, like some goddamn angst-ridden teenager—
Molly felt herself pale. “No, I meant, because tomorrow’s Christmas.”
John was quiet for another few bars. “It used to be your favorite.”
I stood standing in the doorway, watching him go.
“No,” said Sherlock, in response to her reaction. “Best keep doing that. Yes, good. It doesn’t hurt as much, now.”
The prisoner shuffled down the hall, accompanied by three burley guards. Down the hall, around the corner, through the door, through the next door, around another corner, into the visiting room. The prisoner was escorted into a booth. She smiled coldly as she recognized her visitor, through the Plexiglas screen, with his curly locks and dark coat.
“Yeah, I thought about that,” John sighed, rubbing his face in frustration. “I haven’t got a job, or a previous address… in fact, I don’t know if I need to… I don’t have an ID or anything, anymore. I probably need to go and tell, you know, someone
, he thought.
John’s head whipped up and searched his eyes fervently—Sherlock was a little stunned by the intensity. “Where are you going to sleep?” he asked, his voice noticeably higher than before.
rather a Scrooge.”
“Wait—“ he began, and licked his lips. “Can you suck me a little first?”
After four days of this I asked John if there wasn’t something wrong with me. I asked him whilst curled up around him, naked, in my bed, after we’d just both got off with our cocks slotted together in his hand. “John,” I said. My words were muffled in his shoulder. “I think I may be ill.”
grasp
Darkness had fallen by the time they’d found the correct dock, so they watched their steps as they walked along the row of boats gently rising and falling in the lapping waves. “Here, this one,” instructed Mary halfway down the line, motioning them all to get into a small red and yellow fishing boat with a hefty winch hanging out the back. They stepped in and sat with Sherlock in the driver’s seat and Mary next to him, and John and Anna in the back. Mary gave Sherlock the bearing to the treasure’s location, and her guns stayed alert as they sped away across the sea.
, he said to himself. He left the bathroom and climbed back into bed, pulling the covers up to his chin and falling asleep once more.
he thought.
Anna managed to slow her breathing and think. “I was standing here, talking with you, and someone grabbed me from behind,” she said. “And when I struggled, he grabbed me tighter.”
boys, that was. Gay boys. But he wasn’t gay. But that was all much too complicated for a four-year-old…
John’s eyes followed his line of sight, then snapped back to Sherlock’s face as he understood. “Sherlock, it’s okay,” he said, his expression softening. “It’s perfectly—“
people from it. He was a natural guardian. He’d been a military doctor, for Christ’s sake, saving people’s lives in the most dangerous situation of all: on the battlefield. There was nothing John loved more than being the hero. And Sherlock, in resuming his recklessness, would give John his fill of opportunities to be exactly that.
Sherlock stayed where he was. “We’re already drenched.”
“That’s it,” I agreed.
, I thought.
He gathered his strength and stood up roughly with Sherlock’s nearly dead weight hanging on his neck. He wasn’t helping at all and fell forward. John splayed out as he tried to keep him from falling completely onto the ground.
yourself to be kidnapped and tied up for a week just to make friends with the bloke who did it and get him to confess to his other crimes.” Lestrade chuckled and shook his head. “It was some kind of reverse… whaddya call it?”
“Neither do I!”
The kiss.
“Shut up,” I said, though I loved it when he talked during. “This isn’t for you.”
In reply, Mycroft’s mouth went practically two-dimensional. “Ah, little brother. How much you still have to learn.”
, Molly. I have a right to know what’s going on. For God’s sake, I’m her—her guardian,” he finished, lamely.
I wished then that I could have prepared, wished I’d had some sort of warning. But I probably had, for years (I’d think about it later, pick apart every single exchange, every look, every touch, every moment, to see if there were warning signs).
(See the end of the chapter for
like.” John felt a lump begin to form in his throat, and he closed his eyes, angrily willing himself not to cry again. He took a deep, shaky breath, and let it out slowly. “Look, I appreciate the attempts at making me feel better, but this is not what you do, Sherlock, this is not how to deal with someone who just… lost their wife. And unborn child.”
That stopped me. I gaped at him, thrown completely off pace. “You... you went to my
She swallowed. “What can I do?”
it was. He rested inside Sherlock for a bit, settling into the sensation, and then began to slowly thrust. “God… oh my
“It’s fine.”
“You won’t. You won’t. Just please. Please get it in.” His voice was so desperate. I’d never heard him like this.
Please heed the additional tags I added, for this chapter. Things are getting a bit messy...
“But…” said Anna hopelessly, “I… I don’t know anything about spying. I wouldn’t know what to do! I would mess everything up! He would figure it out!”
Sherlock looked around.
He looked up and studied me. I suddenly felt more naked than I probably would have with all my clothes off. “We don’t have to do this if you’re not ready,” he told me, at last.
Mycroft sat across from Anna at the training facility, a manila folder in his lap containing the specifics of her mission. She’d finally recovered from her emotional outburst, and she could tell he was grateful. “Sherlock will give you some space, at least for a few days,” he said, beginning to detail the next chain of events. “Probably put out the word to his homeless network to track you down and keep an eye on you. Which of course they won’t be able to do, because you’ll be with Moriarty by that point.”
Sherlock’s nostrils flared. “I would prefer to give you some complicated explanation of my methods of deduction… but honestly, Mrs. Carruthers?” He laid his head back against the wall and smirked. “You looked like a woman with a fake beard on her face.”
. Anna couldn’t kill her. She just couldn’t.
Sherlock watched him through his cool-colored eyes. “I’m going to give my statement,” he said, abruptly.
Sherlock had slowly moved closer to him, not saying a word, had gotten close enough to see his breath make John’s hair flutter, and then had reached up to take off John’s coat.
“Stop.” Mary held up her hand. “Let me finish. You have other responsibilities, now, to me, to your
an adult, you know. Though I don’t always act it.” He attempted a smile.
John did a double take at the question. “Erm… no… that’s all you got from this?” He raised his eyebrows in concern. “Wait… You didn’t do a paternity test? I thought for sure you would have confirmed—“
Molly had answered the phone with butterflies fluttering around uncontrollably in her stomach. They almost made her feel sick.
“Impressive.”
would notice!” John had risen from his chair too quickly and tripped over his own feet, cards spilling out of his own shirtsleeves, and Sherlock had roared his outrage. Anna had giggled for quite a long time, after that.
straight.
“Excuse me,” Sherlock went up to them. One of them smiled at him, and he caught her eye. Behind her, John finally saw him and did a double-take; Sherlock smiled inwardly. “Hi, sorry to bother you… I’m on hol—on vacation, and I’m just not sure how to get back to my hotel.” He scratched his head.
. That’s all life was, a game of sacrifice. Sherlock was a knight, John was a castle, and maybe she
He nodded. His arms were star-fished out by his sides, and he was gazing straight up. “It was the only way I could get you to stop crying, for a while. Sherlock’s idea.”
Sherlock had looked very happy after John had said he was coming home but he had not spoken much to him since. It was odd for him but it was alright with John, for now anyway. There was a lot to digest and a lot to do that didn’t involve speaking. A lot of time to make up for, John supposed. He did wonder some things though like how long Sherlock had felt like this too and why he’d never said anything himself and why Sherlock hadn’t come to the woods sooner, but he reasoned that he’d learn these things in good time. The important thing was that Anna was alive and happy somewhere and Sherlock was here and with John in a way that he never thought he could be but always wanted, even when he’d forgotten about it.
Then there were the days, the really lucky days, when John would get that fidgety look in his eye and swallow a lot and scratch the back of his head before claiming that he was going to “turn in early,” which was the lie he told Sherlock when he was going to his room to watch porn. Sherlock would wait the perfect amount of time for John to get settled into his wank before flinging off to the side whatever book or laptop or newspaper was in his hand and bounding up the stairs to put his ear to John’s door and listen to the soft sounds of self-pleasure. Usually Sherlock was too careful to take out his own cock and bring himself off outside the door, usually he would just stand there getting achingly hard and committing every sound to memory before tip-toeing back down the stairs and into his own bedroom to relieve his arousal. He kept those sounds cataloged and stored in his mind palace, he had a whole room devoted.
John raised his eyebrows. “Sherlock,” he said. “You got
“Leave the bottle.”
“What?”
“He’s Sherlock Holmes,” John stated, sighing in the darkness. “He’ll probably keep us from fucking it up ourselves.”
After a couple passes around the room, Anna jumped up on the couch and pointed her wand at them. “Everyone kiss!” she cried.
I sunk down to a seat beside him. “Would you have told me you loved me?”
Harry clenched her jaw. “How dare you—you know nothing—“
, every
?” coughed Sherlock, in a weak impression of a screech. “What are you doing out of school on a weekday? John,” he rounded on him, “you may be new to parenting, but even you should know this is completely out of line. Get her back in class, at once.” He turned back to Anna. “You’ve already missed too much time, and we all know your marks cannot afford that.”
“For the boxes, of course,” said Lestrade. Everyone chuckled—everyone except for Sherlock. Lestrade gave him a small smile, but Sherlock ignored it and looked away. They hadn’t been quite right ever since John died.
is dying!” Blood dripping off the gurney and onto the floor, footprints, shoes slipping in it. “Get him out of here!” Sherlock blundering over, grabbing John’s arms, pulling him out of the room as he screamed, “No! I’m a doctor! I’m a doctor, goddamn it!” The defibrillator coming out, the “clear!”, the jolt, the silence. John’s helpless cries of “Jesus,” and “God, no,” and “Oh, God, please,
Anna clutched the signal-jammer in her armpit as she used both hands to help herself over the front of the desk. Thank goodness she was small for her age—the poor lady probably thought she was much younger. Anna grabbed a museum map from the counter, though she knew the layout pretty well; she’d been there a thousand times with Mrs. Hudson, who loved that sort of thing.
John thought now, gazing at Lestrade from the floor
Sherlock pulled away and let his hands fall back to his sides. “Happy New Year, John,” he said, quietly, and gave him a small smile.
He went for a walk instead.
Carruthers stared at him for a moment, and then his eyes flicked up to something taller behind the couch. Sherlock turned as quickly as he could to find out what that was, but pain suddenly exploded in his head and his vision went black as he lost consciousness.
“But there has to be some clue here! Why these men? Why this boat?
He's hoped someone had told her, because he didn’t want to do it. Couldn’t. He turned to look at her; she knew (thank God). And, oh, she was holding a baby.
Sherlock threw him a look of annoyance before falling back into character. He looked down. “Yes, I am. Levi’s. That’s the only brand I wear.” Sherlock flashed him a shy smile.
“Anna…” he started, not sure what to do.
“I’m coming Sherlock! I’m coming!” John chanted and his teeth chattered with adrenaline. He could not just walk across the ice to him because he might fall himself and then they would both be in mortal danger. Sherlock would be able to survive for a few minutes at least so he made the decision to run back to the barn. He knew where there was a length of rope that could be tied onto the extension cord. “Hang on, Sherlock. I’ll be right back!” John shouted and raced around the perimeter. He heard Sherlock make a groaning noise that sounded a lot like “John” but he didn’t turn around to listen because he knew that for every second he waited the danger of Sherlock drowning grew exponentially.
“Believe me,” Sherlock said, folding his coat more tightly around himself and stepping towards the door. “I’ve had my absolute fill of foolishness.”
“When are you interrogating him?”
“John!” I scrambled off him and stood up.
John again looked at Sherlock, and sighed. He sat on the edge of the boat, put the breathing tube in his mouth, and fell backwards over the side with a splash.
, I thought, wildly.
“Yes but,” said Anna, “this music is
“He’s fatigued, but in good spirits. The hearing went well, so he’s optimistic.” Sherlock searched John’s face, considering whether or not to proceed. “He asked me how you were.”
“Two more.” I braced myself for the guilt wave. “The last just found this morning.”
Sherlock’s mouth fell open. This was ludicrous. Anna’s life was hanging in limbo, and all John could think about were
better than the real thing had been.
“Mr. Carruthers,” Sherlock said, coolly, and Carruthers’ eyes shot up to his face. “Does your wife know that you’re gay?”
Sherlock grabbed her shoulders, painfully. “What?”
“Does she get that from you, or from Mary?” Sherlock asked. He meant it to be an insult, but John didn’t notice. He laughed, instead.
He spun back. “If you want to kill yourself, then go right ahead, do it. But don’t expect me to stick around and watch!”
Mrs. Hudson had had a time of it trying to convince Sherlock to go. “But I’m not her parent,” he’d said, trying to get out of it.
They are utterly ridiculous dreams. I’ve only ever told Anna about them, because they were her fault anyway—her favorite cartoon right now includes a character that flies around of her own accord, and I’ve apparently watched far too much of it with her. When I wake up after having one, I march to her bedroom (John’s old room, Mrs. Hudson and I converted it one day when he was out doing the shopping—and he cried more when he saw it than he did at our wedding, which is really saying something, as he could barely even repeat the bloody vows for all his blubbering), make a face and groan and ask her why she’s put these silly dreams into my head.
Stomping back towards the bar as if he were a child being denied his sweets, he snatches the jacket from the ground. Pockets: empty, save for a pack of cigarettes. He checks the tag. It reads WW or possibly MM.
Billy darts a quizzical look at Lestrade. “Yes. Fine. I was seeing Rachel. Jim didn’t like that.”
When he was 35, he dreamed of a strange land, of fresh and salt water and sun and wind and John. He woke up in an unsettling, shaking pain that he thought was either love or indigestion. He didn't know what it truly was until he saw John three days later in that godforsaken church and he felt that pain again, right in the hollowed part of his chest that he could feel but not name. He knew what it was though. Everyone knew what it was, but it just didn't have a name, that insufferable hooking behind his navel and below his heart that seemed to pierce straight through him and send an icy shock through his limbs.
Mycroft soon appeared to realise that Sherlock, as exhausted as he was, was thinking far too much to slip into anything resembling an R.E.M. state and a man soon appeared, handing a syringe to his boss, who touched his hand to Sherlock's neck, feeling for his jugular. As he pressed the plunger, Sherlock's half-coherent attempt at a snide remark on drug dependence faded away.
“Always proactive when it comes to inactivity, aren’t you?”
“That day in the hotel…the day after.” He begins softly. “Someone tried to kill me, and was assassinated in the attempt.”
Sherlock’s own grin falls into cold stillness.
She turned it over in her hand and saw a scrawled handwritten message.
, but misjudges the distance and bangs his head against the light, sending it swinging away.
They collided before they hit the ground, the impact of John’s body forcing them both downwards. He followed the natural motion and struck, forcing Moriarty’s arms behind him and landing a rain of strong punches to the other man’s back, kidneys, grabbing his hair and slamming his face headfirst into the pavement.
"Sherlock, call Lestrade, you have to call Greg
John tilted his head up softly and let his mouth graze over Sherlock's. It could hardly be called a kiss, but it was so much more than a show of mere affection.
"Hands on your head." A voice commanded. He hadn't even realised they were in the room. His eyes were on John. There wasn't any superficial damage that he could see, no blood visible, good, that meant—
, I just don’t—can’t tell what he’s there as. There’s something in the way.”
John understands society, but he doesn't care for it much. He lets Sherlock take him to New Scotland Yard to meet Lestrade and down to Bart's to meet Molly before he announces that he'd rather just stay at the flat if that's alright with Sherlock. And it is. Anything is alright with Sherlock as long as John is there. Well almost anything. He's not about to start making him tea or scrubbing his hair in the shower or do anything that's wholly in John's faculties to do.
Moriarty had shot himself. He'd watched. No one survives that. Then of course, no one survives a leap from a tall building either. But he had seen the burst of blood, the fragmented bits of bone that had once been vertebrae and splatter of grey brain matter. That had been real. It had been real. No one could have faked that, not even Moriarty.
As he read off his information for the booking, he glanced over at the window, where he could just see the sea, churning under the moon. It made him think of Sherlock, the last time they were together. The moon hanging over Paris.
John’s jaw tenses, but he nods stiffly.
Alkaev cards a hand through his greying hair and his shoulders quiver.
A strong hand comes around his shoulder, pulling him back, away from John, away, no that’s not what he wants,
He finds John collapsed near the back door in the kitchen. Passed out from pain, pain that Sherlock caused. Wordlessly, he sits beside him.
"Very well."
now. War novels, medical dictionary—
are those?" Lestrade asks, peering through John's feathers to get a better look of the invading creatures, inhumanly fast and dark and large.
Of a demon in my view —"
And that was all Sherlock needed to bridge the gap between them, the approval he had sought to go forward for so long. He brought his hands to hold John’s face and let out a sigh of relief at the touch— finally—as they sank into their bond together.
.” He said, staring at her hard for a moment.
“That means he used something else to get here.”
"i carry your heart with me(i carry it in
“I don’t want to talk to you.”
In the silence, his shirt begins to stick to his chest, cold with the slick pervading paste of the rain.
"That depends on what you mean by alive." He muttered quietly.
“So he’s the black sheep of the family?”
John stayed where he was, arms crossed obstinately, and felt himself cooling as the moments passed by; he knew Sherlock’s reading speed, and he knew he was reading it over once, twice, three times, four, trying to absorb every last bit of information.
“Oh, I wouldn’t say that. He funded your trip around the world, didn’t he? I bet Watson wasn’t too keen on your globetrotting without him.”
Sherlock burst into the factory warehouse just as the shot rang out. How many more would he have to hear thinking that John was at the other end? What if—
—just as the stars have aligned and John is his, Moran appears to take it all away. Just as his life had returned to its wonderful chaos, just as John had begun to gravitate towards him again, to trust him, Moran had to come and throw a spanner into the works and royally screw everything up.
Such a lovely name.
James Mortimer begins to ask his questions, and Sherlock begins to tell his story.
48 hours. Starting now.
Sherlock huffs. “Obvious. This was taken a few days ago—”
, fine, I did, I wrote it. Put me down.
"Good. I want you to like it. Wish we could stay here forever."
“My name is Sherlock Holmes; yes, that’s my real name. I’m a consulting detective based on Baker Street, I’m the first and only holder of that occupation, and recently I’ve had a Watcher—Nephilim in your terms, I suppose—as my flatmate, who has been the first and only holder of
The man said he heard voices.
"Don't…don't go after them."
“Water.” He answers hurriedly, filling a glass from the tap as if urging the water to run faster. “He needs water.”
is becomes something else, I crowd into his space and grasp his face in my hands. He tenses, reflexes ready to strike back.
She smiled.
His observations offered no comfort.
John hadn't said anything since her revelation, which was perhaps as worrisome as the revelation itself. He was leaning against the open window, arm propped on the lintel as he stared silently down into the wavering, restless crowd. For a moment, it was fifteen years ago, the same wind, the same night, a thousand miles away in Xiguan. The same cast, the same roles. The same distance between. As if nothing had changed at all.
For the first time in years, decades, perhaps since he had looked at John over that fire in Germany, so many centuries apart from their initial meeting yet somehow with the same feeling, he felt like crying. He felt crushed under John’s weight, the heaviness of his seminal love and dedication. He felt terrible, a beast, for making John think he wanted to leave, separate the two of them forever, yet the darkness remained, lingering somewhere in the bony depths he couldn’t touch, couldn’t see, festering away in cruel gestation.
“No, but this might be our only chance at taking him out. That leaves Moriarty one fewer general.”
He's pretty fucking angry himself. Angry that Sherlock didn't listen, angry that he came back, angry at himself for not keeping these things away from him, for not saving those people.
." Sherlock began to pace the room, grabbing at his hair roughly. "The night before Bart's, when you first met Moran and didn't realise how lucky you were that you survived the encounter, I told you that I would never leave you. Do you remember?"
“I thought about you, you know. Often, concernedly.”
"What are you thinking about?"
, someone shouts,
It steps forward from the shadows.
“Not exactly. But she said she couldn’t see me anymore…she didn’t say why.”
He'd tried. He thought he was winning, thought he was buying Sherlock and Lestrade more time.
"It's alright."
“Where are your shoes?”
"On a scale of sacrificial lamb to Lucifer, how evil is he…it?"
“I’m sorry.” Sherlock whispers and it sounds like it’s echoing across a chasm, a void of emptiness that he wishes wasn’t so great and unreachable.
“Do you know why?”
There is a noise from upstairs, a scrape of something on the wood floors. Not something falling, something—
"I will not."
"Uh, yeah, I can't have his lot following me around everywhere just because my texts were a bit terse or I misspelled a word and he thought I'd been attacked mid-sentence."
"No, better than lowering yourself to lies for the benefit of other people." John frowned then. "Why do you ask if I'd be alright with a fake fetish?"
"You cannot be held accountable for all the intellect in the world, sir."
Send it farther on
“No,” The man turns around, his eyes wild as he licks a drop of wine from his lips. “No, you id—the next bit. There’s a realm? A realm with angels?”
“If you like.”
"You've always been good at expediting the existential fears of the general populous."
He blinks. Harry reaches out a hand to take the skull from him.
“Sentiment.”
“I could shoot you now, you know. All my problems would be over. But that’s not very
“Good. Now, come on. Help me pick out another record.”
He’d pointed out a few constellations to Mikheia without any response before the boy dropped off, carried into a deep sleep by the adrenaline crash and an exhaustion that was burdened with a heaviness that is impenetrable to outsiders and incongruent to any other emotional state. The weight of death sits in the cart with them, has bound them inextricably to one another, and tied their wrists together in the most terrifying and brutal way humanly possible. Although John tried to reason with him—for all they knew, Moran was still alive since there hadn’t been time to check—he quickly realized the headspace his friend was in, and let him weather his storm alone as long as he wanted to.
, also known as ebony…”
Watson, John
The door bangs open behind him. He turns as Lestrade comes out and jerks his head towards his office before he strides off down the hallway, haggard and exhausted in the way of someone using all of their might to go absolutely nowhere.
John's writing begins in his careful lettering, all uppercase. All letters of equal importance.
"I think I liked you better when you were trying to talk dirty—"
him? For what? And furthermore, what makes you so sure it’s a
Sherlock stares at the gleaming wall of shining metal. It’s cold to the touch.
“I know I hurt you. I went against our bond, and I used it against you—against us. I am telling you now, I have been telling you, that everything that happened to us was because I was vulnerable and our relationship was in no state to support me at the time.” John opened his mouth in retort, but Sherlock cut him off. “No—I let you talk, and now it’s my turn. When I drew away, did you follow? When I tuned the bond out, did we argue, or did you roll over and accept it? I wanted a challenge, and all I found was surrender.
"Your line of thought is that I need a reason." Moran said darkly. "You might want to rethink that."
"Sorry I disappointed you." John answered coldly. "But you are rather late. I'm afraid you couldn't get my usual treatment."
. With the Golem.
“I Linda Blair’d him.” Mortimer shrugged. “Good old Catholic prayer. Nothing like it, eh?”
"If a dog bites a stranger, the owner gets in trouble."
“Sherlock, look at this.” He said, pointing to a wriggling yellow mass.
He saw the boy out, giving him a larger sum than normal. His wide-eyed protestations had been genuine, however, and although humanity had long ago lost its ability to touch him with its atrocious sentiment, he felt a detached sort of pleasure that people like Billy still existed. He supposed he was fond of the boy, in a way. Happy to have someone around willing to do his errands for him, and bring him beautiful instruments to continue playing.
of himself. "John Watson, assassin extraordinaire! He'll do the job for you, but only if you pay well."
he found Sherlock again, it’d be a nice place to retire to.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock glances away, passing over his brother, though he can't bring himself to look at John either.
asked
Irene pursed her lips and toyed with her glass. John made for the door, and was almost there when she spoke, quietly, almost a whisper to herself:
“Then where might I send any tokens of gratitude for keeping my top advisor’s bed warm on lonely nights?”
"In a sense." Mycroft responds, infuriatingly vague as usual. He taps the tip of his umbrella against the cheap linoleum; Sherlock can practically hear the message as if it was in Morse code.
“Lights, there.” He said, pointing in the distance. “Two beams, stationary.” He looked down at John, eyes glinting in the weak moonlight. “Headlights.”
“Good.” John nods. “It’d be better if you had the Belstaff, but that’d be too easy for them.”
The night porter let them pass without comment as the two men emerged from the snowy night, silently walking through the courtyard to John’s rooms, gifted to him by orders of the prince.
Azazel’s eyes narrow playfully.
John had been wrong. So wrong. That passion in her eyes when she talked of Mumbai, that was the darkest kind there was: fanaticism. Utter belief in one's convictions.
As a mediator between the villagers and the pedestal they had placed his husband on, John was quick to recognize the early signs of his mate in crisis; the furious research, the mania of a case, followed by the long, still silences, the frustration of unfulfillment, so obvious now that he’d seen the worst of it in Norway.
Sometimes, though he would never admit it to anyone, not even John, Sherlock was astounded by his idiocy, by his blindness. Sometimes, and maybe he would admit this to John one day, he even suspected that some part of his subconscious didn't want to realise too much too quickly, and so it drove his mind around in a circle until it reached a conclusion that he had already known.
was carved vertically in thick lines in the bloodless flesh of her stomach. Her hair was braided on both sides, a deerstalker cap on her head, with an irritatingly familiar blue button fastened to it.
They both laughed.
“What’s that?”
“Stop trying to make sense of this.” She says quietly. “It won’t work.”
"You trust me?"
Hopefully, this answers the question of where exactly Mikheia ran off to after John chased him through the factory.
“Yes, thank you for that reiteration, fortunately my hearing is still perfectly intact…you
Sherlock followed John through the silent shelves of the factory, the still-blazing plant casting their shadows in a dark orange glow against the concrete.
The boy stared at her and there was something slipping in his eyes that gave him away, like he wasn't fully committed to what he had come to do. He must have seen the realisation dawn on her face.
She pulls on a pouty moue as she ambles into the room. The idiot in charge keeps rambling about whatever pointless numbers and figures which mean so much them that they'd fly across the world to this boring hole.
“I thought she was working with Moriarty.”
“Wonderful. Let’s begin.”
“Did you use cocaine with her?”
Harry purses her lips. “Maybe. He’d need help.”
In a quick blur, Sherlock reached a pale arm out and snatched the guitar, tossing against the wall. It crashed with a rough and unnatural twang of snapping strings and splintering wood.
There was something to be said for the feeling of slicing into a football. The give was just like gutting a deer.
Down in fire"
"I'm really here."
"Didn't say I did."
As if he could sense the DI’s revelation, Mycroft turned to him.
“I won’t hurt you, Captain Watson. That’s not my job.”
"Well," Lestade sighs, "we're glad to have you here, Mr. Holmes. Bad as this sounds, it's lucky that the missing girl stepped out over state lines and brought you in. The whole town's pretty shaken up—"
This is a ghost.
about it anymore.
John's smile widens.
“We don’t.”
"An otter? Why?"
"Or my parents, since I am a by-product of the two—"
The air is dry, achingly cold and sterile.
No. He shouldn’t think that way. It’s just the pain talking, the physical exhaustion as his body healed itself. This wasn’t him. He owed so much to Mikheia, for helping him, for saving his life, for being here. Sherlock was not the only person that mattered, he was simply the one that mattered most.
Hope turned suddenly, the dark shape of his arm coming up, pointing at Sherlock, aiming for his head. John knew that stance all too well.
“Yes, sir.” His assistant answered, disappearing back down into the house.
"You look like the Archangel of Death, Sherlock. The rest of us look relatively normal compared to you and your great bloody coat and cheekbones. Considering that cabbie didn't know you were the closest thing to normal in the backseat, I bet what he was really afraid of was
John sighs, wings twitching from the cold bite of wind, and wraps his arms around his knees. The two of them sit side by side on the roof of the inn, the green landscape stretching before them in the buttery dawn, as if last night had never happened or didn’t matter, as if the Earth kept turning despite the beasts that pawed on its face and tracked filth on its body.
Holmes brothers but Mycroft’s surveillance to get to me. You are a
“‘Fuck off’?! Fuck you very much, I’m trying to save your sorry arse!” Harry shouts at him, as if she had never been gone, her eyes madly on the road as she swerves in and out of the lane.
"One of your little spies?" Sherlock intones dully, supremely uninterested in anything Mycroft has to offer.
Sherlock could see it in John's eyes, see it in the lines forming around them (not visible yet; give it a few years), see it in the creases of his forehead and his posture and his slightly more reserved taste in clothing. He could see it in the fact that John failed to mention how this nice employee at the front desk had also offered him her number and he had kindly refused, which was both like and unlike John. Did this woman—this
"I could be obliged to—in simple terms—'do all of the work'." Sherlock said, following John into the room, both still quite naked and making no moves to change their state.
"You want to say something." Sherlock says, his eyes darting over John's face. "Say it."
Three rings.
Sherlock had managed to nicely compartmentalize all of those areas into his bedroom. His bedroom, where he would work in peace, lock himself in during a tantrum or frustrating case in peace, and be as bitter as he'd like to be when John went out in peace. His bedroom was his church, his mosque, his tabernacle, the place where he could shut his eyes and block the world out and expect absolutely silence.
"Murderers?" John shook his head in disbelief. "You must not be from around here. We don't have murderers, or vigilantes, much less ones named Sherlock."
He stared at John and John stared back and in that moment, he felt protected. He felt impenetrable, untouchable,
when John was there, but now John wasn't there and when he allowed himself to slip into unconsciousness it was John he thought of so he could get some modicum of peace and sleep. He imagined John's hands stroking at his hair, brushing his temples, and John's voice as he drones on about nothing because he knows it's just white noise to help Sherlock block out the world.
"You're wrong."
Lestrade stands in the doorway, mouth open and eyes wide.
He couldn't look back. Not yet.
John pants in pain as Georgiy helps him sit up, sweat beading at his brow. His whole body feels as if it’s been speared through with a rusted knife that’s twisted and lodged in the length of his spine. He’d hit the water harder than he remembers, or at least that’s what Mikheia tells him.
“He told me as much, once. He came to me and asked if the plot beside your grave was open, and if I could arrange it to be available for him upon his death. Even someone without my intellect could realise the future he saw for himself, and how immediate it was.”
"Of course I knew. I told her to use it." John said with an amused smile. "Mary is not a threat to
“Listen to me now, Doctor Watson. You are bound by duty to aid those in need of your help. This was your oath, was it not?”
Molly snaps her pencil in half.
Lestrade can't stop the incredulous laugh that escapes him.
Because there’s a large difference, John.
John chuckles. "Like you want all your questions to be answered? Where would that leave you, Sherlock? Bored, jaded, full but not fulfilled. Empty." He rolls onto his back and shuts his eyes. "Let's leave this one a mystery, for your sake."
That weasel-nosed insidious bastard. He'd already wormed his way into the investigation, bribed or threatened some dull employee to show him the evidence locker and he'd stuck his elephantine paunch where it didn't belong, just to calm his histrionic notion that Sherlock would start using again because of a speck of cocaine.
you, Sherlock, we’re making sure you stay healthy! Whatever’s happening to John now isn’t as bad as what’s happening to
"It's a front, then?" John asked.
From the same source I have not taken
“You know, I do wish you’d told me your love had visited you earlier this month; I wanted to shake his hand.”
He heard a gun point itself (presumably and judging by the arc and the lack of confidence of the assailant at making a lethal shot) at the back of his head.
Mikheia couldn't get his words out fast enough.
He had his brother pull every possible string to send in a paratrooper rescue, only to have it come to naught: John was gone. The captured officers reported that he had escaped in the night, a week or two prior, and conclusive interrogation had proven they had no knowledge of where he had escaped to.
“You’ve reached Sebastian Moran, Sherlock Holmes speaking.”
John shrugged. “The less he knows the better. I go in, I get out. No one has to know but us, but I don’t think you should go back to your meetings with Moriarty. He’ll skin you for a new chessboard after this, I’d think.”
to him." He laughs. "Who knew a fuck buddy would be the end of Sherlock Holmes? He may even have kissed you at the end—"
’ look and Sherlock feels the knot of familiarity tighten. He’d missed this. Missed him.
"That's incredible," John blurted, unable to stop himself. Sherlock stared at him for a long moment, then smiled.
"Why?" He asks hoarsely through the thick blood running from the cut slashed across the bridge of his nose. The taste of something bitter coats his tongue.
The gyroscope wobbles to stillness.
“Are you a dark thing, Irene?”
Sherlock makes a noise of acknowledgment, but his eyes are still far away, concentrating on something John can't understand. He waits a moment, letting all his thoughts coalesce.
During the day, he never thought he'd smile as much as he did, or even tolerate someone else so much.
"I went to Damascus." He said simply, and felt a spike of something sharp and taut peak through their bond, almost like panic. "I found her. My sire."
John stops as the doorbell rings once, short and brief.
“Will you then?” Sherlock makes a noise of frustration and cards a hand through his hair. What is it about John that made his thoughts so unloquacious? “I mean…will you tell me the truth?”
“How exactly would I have known that?” Sherlock glared. “And don’t give me a vague answer, tell me
doctor, too lean and agile for a simple soldier-turned-civilian. Must be a spy, then, or possibly an international hitman. Or even a failed scientific experiment, but it was a damn good one then, to look like he did. Only—
He shuts his eyes, letting the cart rock him side to side. He should bandage his wound, he knows, but the adrenaline crash is sending him spiralling into exhaustion. The faint fire of the barn flickers behind his eyelids as it fades in the distance.
John looked up from his writing as Sherlock came into their room, dusted in snow.
He looks down to the urn in Mycroft's hands.
“Breakfast is ready.”
"I suppose I should confess that I didn't get milk. I just wanted to see the look on your face."
Something in Harry shifts away, some veneer washes off, and she looks away, out into the rain-painted window.
John turned and bolted down the hall, missing the swirl of dark coat as Sherlock Holmes rounded the corner and came back to Mikheia.
They had two weddings; the official and the unofficial. The Covenant of England recognized their partnership, and they were bound in a private ceremony, attended only by the civil officer and their sole witness, Sherlock’s brother Mycroft, an aide de camp to Cromwell at the time. The unofficial ceremony they conducted themselves, out in the backwoods of Hampton Court, where they had met.
A hand sticky with blood found his.
“He says that he is glad he met the two of us.”
"But you waited. You waited until he was half dead to get him out."
The third time, he even may have enjoyed it. It was the same feeling as putting your bare feet on the cold floor, but now he has slippers on. When the thought first came to him, John thought it was stupid, but now he feels that it was appropriate in the simplest terms. He doesn't feel shocked by it anymore. He doesn't feel
John stood, no more able to stomach this man before him than the one whose body was cooling on the ground.
with those damn bat ears of his and come over and find him, John, here about to kill him when he should be recovering in Baker Street like a normal person and he wasn't dead, he wasn't dead, he was here and oh Jesus he had to get
“Yes, you can.” John answered, fixing him with that familiar look, the one that told him there would be no opportunity to compromise. Sherlock didn’t argue – he drank the rest, licking the residue off his fingers.
Anna’s eyes widened. “You had a plan with her, too?”
John sat up and pulled me to him. “Yeah, I went, but I thought about you the whole time.” He stroked his hands over my bum. I pretended not to be interested.
“And why the hell are you talking like that… are we on a case?” John looked around, suddenly paranoid.
Sherlock glanced up at her, then back down to the body. “No mobile reception down here, or he could have used my phone. The lab was the only option.” He extracted a thin piece of flesh from the man’s lung. “Give me somewhere to put this, would you?”
Sherlock was quiet then and John still hadn’t looked at him and kept on fidgeting with the blanket, folding and creasing and rolling and unrolling and pretty soon it was so quiet that it was as if Sherlock wasn’t there at all. John finally looked up again and Sherlock said, “Do you want to see her?”
“Wait,” I said, dazed, somehow managing to remember my manners even in my first-ever third-party-assisted post-coital haze. “Wait. Let me.”
“They took the treasure,” John said, figuring out how it ended.
“Yes,” hissed John. “Yes, Sherlock. Just like that. Yeah. It’s good, isn’t it, it’s so good.” He was breathing hard, his inhales and exhales echoing loudly in space between them. He unzipped Sherlock’s flies and buried his hand inside Sherlock’s pants.
“It’s scattered on the bottom of the English Channel,” Sherlock told her. “I doubt
Mary turned and fled back up the stairs.
“Hey boss.”
“Ugh!” Anna grunted and threw her head emphatically against the back of the sofa. “Why do you always have to do this? Why can’t I just have friends without you having to analyze every one of them?”
Mary scowled. “Which beginning? There were so many.” She sighed. “Yes, I admit that at one point in time I thought maybe you would help me. That maybe my story would justify my actions, that maybe John’s love for me was enough to convince the both of you that I was in the right. It wasn’t the original plan, but that’s what happens sometimes. Sometimes you have to alter the plan.”
I blinked at the back of his head.
The actual kiss had been awkward and had absolutely no arousing effect on Sherlock. He didn’t feel anything in the moment save for surprise and slight disgust (at the vomit-taste). But the first dream he’d had that night had been inspired by the kiss, had twisted it into something that was
. We were even situated on opposite sides of the flat; I was at my microscope, John was sitting in
“More than a little,” Sherlock muttered, and Molly heard the annoyance in his voice.
John couldn’t imagine where Sherlock had learned to milk a cow because there wasn’t a scenario he could think of where that would be relevant for a case. He was curious however and his anger had left him in his surprise.
The landlady snapped her jaw closed and muttered some highly disturbing insults under her breath as she stomped out of the flat and slammed the door shut.
Molly nodded, then looked down at her hands. “Would you mind if I asked… what happened?”
Mary shook her head. “Truth be told, I don’t know why he does half the things he does. The man is clinically
“Then why did you suggest—“
, Sherlock thought suddenly. Perhaps
He heard John come up behind him, felt arms slide over his waist and pull him into a hug. John rested his head between Sherlock’s shoulders and sighed. “I’m sorry,” he said. “I’m not trying to make you jealous.”
Sherlock didn’t respond, and John laughed. “Sorry. I should be asking what’s new with you, this is supposed to be my time away from the baby, anyway.”
“Shhh, it’s alright,” John soothed. “It was just a dream.”
John heard the soup beginning to boil and went to the stove. He lifted the lid and gave it a stir with the wooden spoon that he was still holding from the onions. He could feel Sherlock’s gaze on him and he knew it was coming, now. Sherlock was going to ask him whatever it was he came here to ask. But instead suddenly John heard the creak of the front door and turned his head and saw Sherlock loading up his arms with the remaining wood from the wheelbarrow. He shut the door with a socked foot and carried the load to the basket beside the moss-box.
. John tried to imagine Sherlock sobbing over anything—he couldn’t quite picture it. He’d seen Sherlock cry, but not
,” he teased, with a glint in his eye, “it will be
“You took care of her,” John said, weakly.
Sherlock sat with his fingers steepled under his chin and his eyes barely open. He did not usually deal with kidnappings. Parents with missing children normally went directly to the police first—and either the child would be with a relative, turn out to be a runaway, or come home in a body bag. There was normally never much of a mystery involved, and there was no usual happy alternative when the first two outcomes were not plausible. And the police knew better than he how to handle the third.
anymore.”
“For whatever reason, Jim Moriarty has it out for Sherlock—he has it out for most of humanity, but Sherlock especially—and therefore, Moriarty is blind to him in certain ways. And though I don’t like to admit it, my brother is cleverer than I when it comes to combating Moriarty; he is the only one who can destroy him. However, for a myriad of reasons, he has not been motivated to do so—until now.
“Don’t ever leave me again,” Sherlock ordered thickly, his voice muffled in John’s neck.
They watched each other for a moment, the
“So what do you need me for, then?” John thought about it, and then gave her a wry smile. “You want me to kill him
, when their roles had switched and it was Sherlock kneeling over him, John's back soaking with someone else's blood, with a desperate emptiness on his face, John knew what his actions had done. He knew he had opened the box and there was no lidding it again. Sure, he could ignore it and then he and Sherlock could part ways (never again, not in a million years). Sure, they could pretend like it never happened and go back to their own happy little adventures like they did before. But none of that could ever,
“Same plan,” Sherlock murmured. He stood and began to pace the little room.
” His face began to tremble with rage. “Fuck you.
“Greg, I’m just saying they can be. I’m not asking you to do it. I’m not asking you to do anything except to get me in that room so that I can…
Sherlock sat very still and didn’t respond.
Carruthers’ skull jolted as a bullet passed through it, and a small trickle of blood seeped from the wound. Lestrade stuffed the gun in his waistband, as John had, then dug the knife out of his pocket again. He wiped the hilt on his shirt and gripped it firmly in his hand, making sure his fingertips touched the surface.
“I know,” John murmured in his ear after it was over, Sherlock catching his breath on John’s shoulder. He twirled a lock of Sherlock's hair round his finger absentmindedly. "You love me too.”
During Anna’s first practice, she felt overwhelmed in a way that was very different from her spy training; she really wasn’t accustomed to hanging out with other people her age. Of course she talked to other students at school, but only in class. She didn’t gossip, she didn’t compare likes and dislikes, she didn’t hang out after school. She didn’t have friends.
about the umbrella?” Her voice was shaking. She whipped her head around to look out the back window, expecting to see the burglar running after them. She didn’t see anything, but was not convinced. She turned back, put the car in gear, and sped away.
“You go,” Sherlock shouted wildly. “I’m not leaving without John.”
Mary slowed the boat to a gentle stop. As the roar of the engine subsided, the sound of the one behind them grew, and she watched its maker approach. She raised her arms in the air.
Edna St. Vincent Millay
Will light the world
Frowning, he reaches out, blindly grabbing a donut and taking a bite as he thinks. He’s halfway through when he registers the taste: Boston cream, a consistency which has always made him want to gag. Disgusted, he swallows, trying not to retch and make a bigger fool of himself than whatever he’d done to land him here.
There he was: the tall man, hair pulled back underneath the nurse's cap, face hidden by a surgical mask and a pair of sunglasses.
"How are you finding Damüls, Mr Holmes?" The contact smiled.
Emma swallows deeply, harshly, as she blanches and for a moment John can see doubt settle heavily in her limbs before she shakes it off.
"You say you have. Any normal person can
My passions from a common spring —
"Keep his head in your hands, make sure he keeps breathing!" He shouts to her, already shrugging off his coat. The biker is almost to the back exit, but he can catch him if he moves fast enough.
“Very good Captain.” A voice says in the dark, gently, softly. “A soldier, through and through.”
He stands, stool scraping against cheap linoleum. A body in their jurisdiction was so uncommon it was almost implausible; he hadn't been called in for forensics at a crime scene in years, and certainly not since he was invalided back from the bloodthirsty desert to his sleepy little adopted hometown.
"No, by all means, keep going. You're on a streak."
John said nothing, roughly pulling the chair across from him out and sitting, staring at him with a hard look. The other members of his card game quickly gathered their winnings and dispersed onwards to better and less dangerous tables.
His hair had been slicked back in a ridiculous bouffant, and his clothes screamed of a latent desire to look more sophisticated than he deserved.
“Nor do I intend to.” The voice says lightly, taking off his socks. “
Plaster and wood crumple against their combined weight as John’s body breaks through it. He feels splintered wood and chunks of drywall slice and beat his skin, feels the opening of new wounds that will become old in moments. Azazel lands on top of him and he kicks out with both feet, catching him in the stomach and sending him flying back through the hole and smashing against a large bookcase by the balcony doors. Books and loose paper fall around him as he struggles to get up and John grips the edges of the ragged hole punched in the wall as he lifts himself back out of the wreckage. His palms slip on the roughened plaster, slick with atramentum that has nothing to heal. It smears over the pale paint and glistens in the dull light like a night sky reflected in dark water.
"My homeland is not Russia, sir." Mikheia answered, his eyes still on the curve in the wall where that strangely lucid man had run. He hoped he got out. "I do not think he is. A threat, I mean. His eyes were kind. But they were dying."
“Don’t move him.” He chided sharply before turning back to his examination.
"Well if that's the attitude you're going to take—"
Behind the door was a very silent, very still, very agitated Sherlock.
For with unbroken words they cannot say it.
"Once, when we first met."
“The Tsar is loyal to his wife, and the Empress to Grigori Yefimovch.” Grand Duke Dmitri cut in. “We must ensure they are loyal to
Sherlock nodded.
I've been stupid haven't I, John? John?" He turned and frowned.
"I was going to get around to it…"
“You—you—” But John seemed at a loss for words, pressing his face in the heel of his palms, striding around in a quick circle.
John destroyed, as he had imagined.
Mikheia presumably does just that and Georgiy laughs before replying. Mikheia pauses a moment, sparing a long glance at the man before turning to John.
Sweat matted at his hairline, colouring his hair darker, and a bit of his blood had splattered across his jaw. Sherlock wiped it away with his thumb as he helped John sit up.
Sherlock was alive.
“If we’re getting technical,” John says. “I’m not an angel.”
“Sherlock?”
He tells her he doesn't know.
"Henry, look—"
"Did you order anything?"
Unsavoury, but plausible, and more necessary for John’s safety. The chance of a permanent fallout of their friendship is high.
He wasn't there, and that was the worst thing. That was Moriarty's revenge.
“What are you to suggest, then?”
“Sherlock, I’m going to need something more. Your word isn’t enough. I need proof.”
"I can deduce your heart too, Mycroft Holmes." John murmurs. His wings flutter, catching the light. "So heavy, so burdened, but strong. Atlas is in your chest and you never even realised how much weight it can hold. I know that, initially, you wanted to be a judge in Parliament. Not because you liked the wigs or the idea of justice, although you admired both those things, but because if Sherlock pirated his way into jail, you would have the power to bail him out."
"I really wanted to fuck you just now.
When the sun rises, they’re going home.
"Who said anything about killing you?" Sherlock asks, stepping forward out of the shadows that cling to him like the arms of a desperate lover clutching at a soldier going to war.
"All right?" He asks as he hangs up his jacket and Sherlock grumbles something in response. "Have you eaten anything since I left?"
“The one you tried to pull from the fray.”
John leaned over and pressed a soft kiss to Sherlock's shoulder before lying back, joining him in staring at the ceiling.
“…And your counterpoint to my concerns is that great men do terrible things over small matters.” John looked at him then, staring into the deep grey hue of his eyes, flickering over his face before resting on his hands, still clasped to his mate’s chest.
The electric tram skirted through the night under the streetlamps, shunting through the cold air as it passed on. His breath steamed, only because he knew that if it didn’t people would notice.
"Unlikely," Sherlock scoffed. "You're a
"You really want to name it?"
"Are you sure about that?" John bit. He didn't know where these words, this anger, was coming from, didn't know from what wound it bled out of and he couldn't staunch it.
John stood beside him as the captain of the night guard ordered the net lowered again,.
"Are they things you might wish to divulge to me?"
John says nothing, but his eyes narrow as he follow's Jim's movements.
The grin on Moran’s face falls as Mikheia swings the wrench, smashing the oil lamps on either side of him, the scattered flames falling to the hay below, soaked not with dew, but with oil and saltpetre, stored in drums at the far end of Georgiy’s home, forgotten for decades until John and Mikheia had rolled them out to the barn earlier that morning under the guise of feeding the animals, who they’d released out into the pastures after dinner. They’d agreed to allow Moran to believe they weren’t expecting him.
"His shadow? That's all?"
“They knew my face at the others.”
Mycroft looked at his brother for a moment, deciding to ignore what he saw so long as Sherlock allowed him to.
"Quaint as always, Harriet."
"I'm sure Mycroft will be perfectly happy giving you a job."
The man turned, coming face to face with
“Don’t count on a personal appraisal.” Sherlock says dryly.
The scum! The lowlifes! The dredge of the ages! Everywhere he looks offers possibility. No fight has broken out yet, but there wouldn't have been a call for backup otherwise, and out of the available pool he and John could certainly qualify.
Theories could be altered. Before he had met John, he had assumed he would walk through his life and afterlife alone, forever. That had changed the moment they looked at each other.
A knock at the door. John's gaze lingered on him for a moment before he moved away to answer it.
"I'd thought that no one could go through a gauntlet of shagging without tasting…well…
“So what do you
“You’re avoiding something. Tell me and get it over with.”
The door creaks open and the woman reappears.
"It—I feel like when I saw the Hound, John, that night in Baskerville."
John comes to stand in front of him. He grazes a hand over Sherlock’s cheek.
“Well if you don’t know, then I don’t either.”
“I love you.” Sherlock said lowly, staring at him from across the room, and John smiled the way one did at a wake, between the tide of grief and good memories.
He walks slowly down the hall, to where his brother stands in front of the door, marked in neat Serbian:
The woods are dark and they are blind. The blackness surrounding them is formless, cold and distant and unsettling. There's no knowing of what gestates inside it, of what horrible birth might take place that will be their end.
John sits in his chair by the fire, reading some typically inane paperback and occasionally stopping for sips of tea as Sherlock bends over his microscope, the silence only broken by the fire popping or the turn of Sherlock adjusting the microscope.
"Molly said she found a solution of mercury and soda ash. Does that mean anything to you?"
John smiled at the ingenuous statement. Sherlock wasn't just new to love for a man like John was, he was new to love and all its sweet tangles and snares and beautifully painful trappings. His heart was still fresh from the sting as it was pierced, and the tissue hadn't healed over yet.
But yes, the dream. He was in the foyer of his mind palace, just stepped over the threshold from being
When they exit the restaurant, the storm has slowed to a wet dampness that pervades and soaks into every exposed pore in a way that only London rain can accomplish, pregnant with the grime of a dozen centuries.
The night was full of clouds, billowing above them and stretching over the moon. Sherlock held out his hand, helping John over a fallen tree when he gasped, crouching on the mossy wood.
"I recommend thick winter coats." Sherlock says solemnly. "Or, better yet, avoid the idea of an invasion completely and find contentment with those you've already conquered. Napoleon did have a history of overreaching…"
It was naked, save for the shoes laced neatly on its feet. John’s shoes.
“—all of whom are in critical condition—”
“Yes,” Mortimer answers, “I believe he still exists somewhere else. You say that you suspect his demise was foul play?”
Sherlock turns his head.
(See the end of the chapter for
that Sherlock would realise just how far he was willing to take this game.
He turns. Sherlock is sitting at the end of the table, flipping through a small book as he scribbles on a notepad.
“Are you really?” Harry said, glancing up at him. “I’d like a teensy bit more before you go.”
"So…what, they're trying telling us she had a calcium deficiency?" Lestrade asks.
He pauses and turns towards Sherlock.
It's as if she hasn't spoken. He keeps staring at the snakes. What else has he been waiting for, if not this moment? What else has he allowed himself to hope for, if not what might happen in the next few minutes? He should be running over there, he should be demanding for the idiots to work faster, he should…he should
“Beautiful, isn’t it?” He says as he stares out into the powdered, untouched distance. “Like a painter’s canvas waiting for the brush—”
“Mikheia, right. Little cunt that tried to run me over. Thanks for that.”
“She was something to you.”
The heater hums quietly as the students settle into their seats. Pens click, papers rustle. Half the room is already well on their way to falling asleep so early in the morning.
He could hear the baby move in its suspended anima, and was filled with a sudden and overwhelming love. When he had been human, he had often thought of starting a family, having children, dying an old man surrounded by his wife, his family. He had long ago come to terms with the fact that it would never happen, would only ever be a fantasy, but sometimes he was reminded of who he had been, what that man had wanted, and it filled him with a cold sorrow, a mournful tenderness as he thought of the things he was robbed of, things he would never have.
“I don’t understand.” Sherlock says, turning his head to him.
He is not John Watson.
"John?"
The cabin was quite nice, quite old, and nestled far back in the lush misty mountains, away from prying eyes and nosey neighbors. It looked rather simple, not like Sherlock at all, but he didn’t seem to mind. There was a short, sparse yard and a small raised deck with a porch swing, looking for all the world like it had been tacked on in afterthought. The house itself looked tiny, perhaps only four or five rooms in total, and painted a rusty red – dried blood, John’s mind pinged. A steep, short staircase ran up the side to the top floor, and he could just make out the living room through the front windows.
"I know."
“I wouldn’t say I missed out exactly. Where is all this coming from, love? Do
“What are you doing?” Sherlock snarls, grabbing at the books Harry seems intent on shoving onto the floor.
"Are you—are you bad?"
(See the end of the chapter for
“Information,” Sherlock says exasperated, “I could have used in the beginning…”
"Yes, that's what I asked!" Sherlock snapped, his fear for John greatly eclipsing any desire for polite formalities.
Azazel grins.
“N—no.” He answers, before he doubles down and vomits into the grass, choking on sick and inhaled smoke. “Moran, he—I kept hitting him. I kept hitting him, I
He kept his eyes shut as he woke. He hadn’t expected to, and consciousness came slowly, like a rolling fog tumbling into the void.
John fell silent, letting the both of them immerse themselves in that quiet moment in that dark carriage under that bright and softly-smiling moon that shone down on them as the incognizant train carried them farther away from that bloodied past that was so like a nightmare, full of shadows and strangers and that special boy with a special spider scar who now had a webbed scar to give the spider a home and whose story was far from over.
"It's dark, but there is no night. No dawn either, just…heat." John says, his eyes unfocused as he recalls the memories. His wings twitch. "Sheol is a place where you forget the lightness of being, of your own existence, where happiness evaporates into the air like water. There's an inescapable fire, like you've been stuffed in an oven. The bones of your family rot around you, bleached from the sun. As soon as you forget how hot it is, you remember again and there's no shade anywhere, so you can only know yourself enough to recognise that you're suffering…" His voice is empty, hollow and blank from thinking of a life once lived and Sherlock doesn't want to hear it anymore. Hopes he'll never live it again.
“Where is the missing feed then? Show me.”
Sherlock stared at him a moment. The crease in John's brow was concern. The curve of his mouth was hurt. The darkness in his eyes was doubt.
“…about this author my teacher told me about.”
“‘Such as I am’ – what, pray tell, is that?”
“When?”
"John?"
But he was in no position to ensure that forever. So he made sure he could for the time being.
a reason it was hidden, John.”
“John!”
Finally.
No more I tell thee and no more I answer."
"I love you."
Sherlock smirked. How dull their lives must be.
He runs a thumb over John’s temple, taking a long and shaking breath. It was so easy to start imagining if things had gone wrong. Hypotheticals were all he had to remind him of how lucky he was, how lucky they all had been. Until John woke permanently, until he was up and talking and Johning the particular way he did, there was still the chance Nachash could get to him. There may always be a chance. There would always be the lingering fear of Damocles’ sword, of the pain of helpless love waiting to crush him. He would be reminded of the fact that in John’s suffering he would always be an outsider.
, and you call that
John stiffened beside him as as a stone vault was rolled aside, spilling candlelight into the antechamber. The smell of begonias, hatefully familiar—
He understood what Sherlock had said earlier, about not being able to stop. It gave him something to do other than worry for the two men behind that closed door. Both of their health was at stake now. John may be the one that was injured, but Sherlock was the one that hurt with those deep wounds that medical care couldn't heal.
"I have to pee, so…help me up, will you?"
"I don't want you to be."
She'd been politely detached at first. They all had; cool, distant professionalism was like a second nature to them. After passing his first assignment, she had been in the car, waiting for him. After he reiterated his qualm list, she welcomed him. She smiled, she was patient with him, she was kind and good. John though that it had been an act to lull him into an unsuspecting security, like slipping into a warm bath until you didn't notice the temperature rising, but he quickly realised that was who Mary was. There were no lies in her eyes. It made her well-suited for her job, made her the perfect recruiter.
"I didn't cheat on him, if that's what you're implying—"
"On your way out then?" He asks as Sherlock brushes past him.
A soft silence settles between them like cool air, a fine dust ground together out from sounds of muffled traffic outside the window, of quiet breathing, of a plucked tensed chord with overtures of longing.
The detective's cold gaze turned to him.
“Thank you. I am still…happy to see you. I guess you’ll be taking the sofa, then?”
She was crying, and Kita barked her question again.
He rounds the corner and heads to the long table at the end of the hall that Sherlock sits at, staring at his laptop with wide eyes.
“Would you like it in the form of a smouldering pile of office building and charred employees?” Sherlock snarls before something in him seems to soften with quiet insistence. “Lestrade…Greg. When have I given you false information?
"Semantics aside," Sherlock interrupts, shooting a glare at either of them, "we can argue about our life choices back home, where we aren't breaking and entering."
“I won’t be his ruin.” John says solemnly.
scraping your palm against rough brick as you use your momentum to propel you into the next waiting adventure; into the waiting hot-red arms of the next chase, the outcome as fragile as smoke in the wind but to you it is just another day, and you know  the wind is only blowing smoke around a windowless room, for there is no real chance of danger. Not to you, and most certainly not to him. This is strange to everyone else, but strange is what you do better and what he does best.
?" Sherlock grimaces.
John was silent, as if he hadn't heard him, but Sherlock knew better.
"One cube or two?" The waiter asked as he set a cup of coffee down in front of Mikheia and held out a sugar bowl.
The dog lays beside him, head in his lap.
"Leon is still in business, then?" He said. Although he kept his tone light, he knew she shared John's special talent of spotting his disingenuity.
, how can he be, he's only a man, he's not—
John hadn't moved since his eyes fell on her. Their bond thrilled with roiling jealousy, nausea, blistering anger. Sherlock could not distinguish it from his own.
"I'm not doing anything
“Christ, you don’t even remember do you? Pillock.”
“Why didn’t you tell me?” John snaps suddenly, and it’s as if the fog has been lifted. He looks livid, red-faced and furious. His veneer is cracking. Wonderful, we’re getting somewhere.
Mikheia sipped his coffee in response.
“I won’t
Sherlock sits on his bed, thumbing through his phone, the one he kept from before for moments like this.
"Highly illogical."
"Oh no, that's alright darling, I'm quite finished."
“John?” He repeated, nearly tripping over the train of his dressing gown as he shrugged it on, the silk worn and stained and spoiled, pocketed in burn marks, and he burst into the next room, a small kitchen with a coal black wood oven.
"Myself."
"Why are you so far away from home,
He nods, leaning down to kiss him for a long moment, sweet and perfect. "I'm sure."
John's eyes snap open. He must have misheard.
"This Lily Teague, then. Where do you think we'll find her?"
"Oh, on the contrary, John, I think you'll be making my field quite extinct by the time you're done."
“Yeah, that’s how John got here—”
"Demons" - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N527oBKIPMc
"There was more than one person; she'd had sex with at least three men the night she died, but it's unknown as to if they were all consensual. My guess is that none of them were."
"I don't know."
"They can't kill me." John sighs.
He hides John's books. John shoots him an irate glare as he finds them after spending a long day searching.
“Semantics. They pay you, don’t they?”
That silence falls between them again, like a shadow.
A Few Explications:
But he acquiesces, pulling the slip of paper out, showing her the scrawled name.
John's stomach drops. He knows her. Of course he knows her. She'd been at the clinic only yesterday, stopping by to get anxiety medication for her mother. He just saw her, alive and well, standing in his office. And here she is now: naked, dirty, dead. Murdered.
“Kita?”
." Sherlock says calmly, hands clasped in front of him as he leaned into his fingers. His thinking face. "
“He keeps trying.” John says through gritted teeth, head falling back as his eyes roll into his head. “Keeps wanting you. Sherlock. Sherlock, he wants
"You want to say something." Sherlock said quietly. "Say it."
a total bellend, so there’s that. He got out of Sheol, so I’m assuming ultimately he wants to not go back, like the rest of us. He wants to conquer to keep him in power here, and he thinks John can help him do that, or the John that came to you can help him do that.”
“Right,” she murmurs, “sorry. But you were right about barrier.”
"You were being an instigator!" John said firmly and Sherlock had the good sense not to argue. "Sherlock," His voice was calmer now, more in control. "I know this isn't the most optimistic thing I've ever said, but I don't want this to be the last thing we remember of each other if—if something happens." He paused, voice growing even softer. "For three years, the last thing I had to remember you by was a vague phone call and watching you throw yourself off a building. I don't want that to happen again. It can't happen again."
He turned, looking upwards, and a body collided with him, leaping off the roof as it drove him into the dirt. He slashed out with the knife, catching the other vampire across the throat.
“What are you not telling me?” He asked, watching Sherlock’s face carefully. He respected their bond to not intrude into Sherlock’s mind if he didn’t want him to, but he skirted the line separating the two, searching for something he may or may not  want to find.
Blood thrummed in Sherlock's ears and the next thing he knew, he had tackled Mary to the ground and pinned her.
Want what? He wanted John, wanted to abscond to a cave with him until the heat death of the earth, wondered if perhaps they might live past that, might continue on forever, twined together at the core. He wanted to be over all of this, to have it well and full behind them, as distant as every other mortal thing in this existence. He and John and the endless nothing. That was what he wanted.
He should have seen it coming. He really should have. He'd been stupid, so incredibly stupid. But making connections wasn't his area, it was Sherlock's, and he hadn't thought it important enough to tell him.
John supressed the urge to jump him and fuck him so hard he'd limp for a week.
“I was thinking. And I think you liked it.”
Someone speaks there, suddenly in that quiet darkness.
"What do we do now?" Will asks quietly.
and we are not fine, but we are getting better.
“I felt her fear last night. The woman he set those wolves on, the one…” John stops, swallowing the crack in his voice. “With child. It was sharp and it stung, like battery acid and alcohol. She died wanting to save her baby. Wanting it to live. He slaughtered her, and her child. He killed innocent people, and he’s going to come for you. I can’t let him continue. I have to destroy him.”
“I don’t want you to be the price I pay for my errors in judgment.” He said quietly.
That doesn’t stop the hope churning in his veins like gasoline as he paces the hall. He’s waiting for the match to light. Waiting to see John’s face, to see his eyes open and make him burn.
“You don’t know.” John repeats and Sherlock can hear the twine of frustrated anger in his voice, stretched taut and hard. “Bollocks, you know everything. In that great head of yours, you don’t know why you attacked your—your best friend, dislocated his shoulder, and tried to gouge his eyes out?”
Smoke begins to trickle out of Georgiy’s red brick chimney, which looks ready to topple over at its mere presence. Mikheia’s stomach growls at the sight. Usually, they’ve been subsiding off slightly burnt bread and watery soup from the leftover vegetables in Georgiy’s garden, but on Sundays Georgiy heads down to the main square to haggle and beat down the vendors for their wares, striding back proudly with his bounty; links of smoked meat, blocks of yellow sheep milk cheese, a loaf of salted black bread the size of Sasha’s body with herbs baked into it, and even a cask of wine if he could manage it. Mikheia was already salivating. His step quickened as he headed towards the house, hoping he’d get to break the bread first; he loved the satisfying, crunching sound as his fingers burrowed into the soft warmth. Maybe if Georgiy was feeling amenable he’d bring out the bottle of rakija that Mikheia most certainly hadn’t found under that loose floorboard while sweeping the other day.
“What? Of course I am!” He says, banging on the panes of the door. “Stop this, let me in!”
He blocked the next strike with one arm then brought the other to hit Moran's solar plexus, effectively knocking the wind out of the larger man although not packing as much power as he'd have liked it to.
"Same high school, but as far as we know, they hardly knew each other."
Mycroft nods, tucking the note away.
“You are not his to have, Sherlock. You are your own.”
He felt like he'd been run off a track, skidding along into the wilds of something he didn't know how to handle yet.
, watching you realise that you've lost not only your friends, but the love of your life. You will be all alone, Sherlock Holmes, with no one to love."
"They were aiming to kill. You had to adapt to a new circumstances and you did marvellously well under pressure." Sherlock leaned forward, trying to get John to look at him. "I don't blame you, John, for acting as you did. If you hadn't, we'd all be dead and they would have carted you off somewhere and done god-knows-what to you."
"I'm not mad, at least, not anymore." John says, knowing full well the difference between what Sherlock needs to hear and what he wants to or doesn't, as well as that they must be said anyways. "I mean, how can you be mad about something you don't really understand? But I did understand, or I think I do, now."
, which is comprised of
? He’d done nothing. It wasn’t fair. He’d had so much time.
John had barely begun to piece the puzzle together when the elevator stopped with a bang at his floor and he cursed, stepping out and shouting profanities at it.
Sherlock collapses against the door.
Who would've thought their night would end at the worst bar in town?
She thinks he has wings.
The hall is plunged into darkness as the train passes through a tunnel.
"Depends on who you ask, sir." Mikheia said, his eyes following the detective before settling on the small bottle he had clenched in his hand. "Mind telling me what you have been consuming?"
"You could tell John." Sherlock said, turning to his friend. "Both your wounds are similar, almost identical."
John tossed a pebble into the water.
The door to 221B had been left open.
Ne eyes him across the bar, worrying at the yellow beads around his wrist. Sherlock raises his glass, eyebrow arched. Ne lights a cigarette, staring him down, the embers glowing in his eyes before the strobe lights drown them out, and then looks away.
"They won't be happy with what you've already told me, so you may as well continue. Now...
"Oh, you
Fortunately, Sherlock says nothing.
"A quest has one goal, though. I don't know if Sherlock wanted just one when he—when he left the first time."
, Sherlock. You need me to make you tea and clean your laundry and hand you your phone. And, god help me, I need you to make me feel stupid and useful and important. I need you so I don't have to limp everywhere and I need you so I can say this is my friend Sherlock Holmes and I need you because I've lived a life without you and I'm so selfish that I could never live through that again. I just...you're right. I do need you, Sherlock. But you need me too."
He felt like he was about to get sick at any moment, like someone had punched him in the stomach, like some unknown force had shoved its hand down his throat and it was choking him with darkness, with an inky heaviness, and he was dry heaving shadows.
"That's something you'll have to ask him."
Sherlock is about to break his fingers one by one until he screams the location of John Watson when Lestrade bursts in.
“Sherlock—” Mycroft begins as his brother passes him.
Of all of his 'coworkers', he liked Mary the most. She was kind and understanding and supportive where everyone else was distant and silent and professional, even though their jobs weren't exactly the most professional ones out there; in fact, seeing someone's brains be blown out from their skull and knowing you did it was rather personal. Whatever he may have felt about his other peers, Mary was special. She and Molly Hooper could have been twins with their sunny dispositions in such grim jobs.
"What?" He snaps.
“Don’t ruin the vintage!” She had called after him as he disappeared into the concealed hall, his cloak flapping dramatically behind him. “That man has a natural flare for dramatics.” She sighed.
"Sherlock…leave me. You have to leave me."
That is all Molly can say before she descends into tears.
"The idea is less than tactical," he agreed.
He knelt beside him as John tried to grasp the straps of something Sherlock should have noticed before.
“That’s your music playing.”
She shook her head back in response. “
There’s so much water. In him. Around him. He’s floating, or it feels like it. This is eternity, then, floating forever on a river in the night. It’s not so bad. Someone’s holding his hand. It’s not so bad. Otters do that, so they don’t get separated. So they’re never alone. Otters. Is he one? No? No, of course not. He’s a person. What’s his name? He doesn’t remember. It’s like he just woke up, all he can focus on is the moment, but he knows if he tried he could remember more. He just doesn’t want to.
Sherlock chuckled lowly. "Yes. And then order a cake."
"If I called you an owl that'd be complimenting your looks I suppose, but not your intelligence since owls' skulls are occupied mainly by their eyes and leave little room for their brains, and it'd be a crime to call your brain tiny."
John wants to tell Sherlock how wrong she is, how all of her words are utter
"From things you don't want to know. From things that might destroy you."
“Yeah, it was a really old model, like my grandfather’s kind of car. Anyways, he was playing this great music so we got to talking; I knew some people in town and I ended up helping him find some rare instruments. And we went from there.”
"No, he told me his name." Mikheia said and Sherlock perked up.
"The machines didn't turn themselves on."
Sherlock plants himself in the ground, forcing himself to stay there. The next step will be his death. Or so he tells himself, if it will stop him from rushing forward.
“Wrong." Sherlock replies evenly. "Watcher and Detective Inspector. You never mentioned seeing John to me. “Why?”
“That’s correct.”
“I know what it feels like, to be outside of it all;" he started. "How someone like us could fit into a world like this. It is hard to be given our gift, and then be forced to bear it. What is a day to a century? What is time compared to immortality? We are the ones who watch the world, who learn its lessons, and survive to watch the same mistakes made, the same behavior continued, the same errors and ignorance and bloodshed that we once thought was so common to only the time we lived in, not the ones before or after.
But John has already brought the knife through his hand, slicing his palm open in a slow spurt of atramentum. He winces, but brings it to the beast’s belly.
"Who? Moran?"
He joins his hands and hits John solidly over the head with his elbows, sending him crumpling to the ground. As the girl screams the bar descends into nuclear bedlam like a spark to gasoline. The two goons are leapt on by the biker and what Sherlock can only assume is the rest of his gang, waiting in the wings for him to make his move.
"Can't." He groans. "Too tired to move."
“I request a little patience on your end, John, I’ve never done this and I’d rather not injure you further.”
Then his smile dropped, and his gaze sharpened. "John, you have to know how I—how I—"
of all godforsaken places, and who knows what the people ate there, and what he’d be eating in turn—
they are. You don't care who you hurt and last time I called you a machine for it, but we both know that's not right. You're a
He climbed onto the fondamenta and offered John his hand. He didn’t need to, but still John took it. They touched briefly at the wrists, and it was enough.
In the melting face of the Yard there is a word, punched in a black and blazing message.
"Moran had risen to high ranks in the agency." She explained quietly. "He had secrets, state secrets and personal. Moriarty taught him well." She added, the acidity of the name stinging her tongue.
“Well, I suppose while you’re at it you can make me some too. I need it after last night…” He sighs, sitting down at the table.
He turns around and inwardly winces at John's face, expression mirrored on Lestrade's.
Something slumped against the door from the other side. Something was wrong.
“Has anyone ever told you how eloquent you are?”
His blood had turned stagnant, like standing water, coagulating into a thick gruel in his arms, lungs, chest, heart, head, brain, fucking
John made him comfortable. John made everything seem comfortable. He could have told Sherlock that he had just drawn a bath of liquid lava, rusty knives and hypodermic needles and that it was utterly heavenly and Sherlock would have given it a try, because if John liked it, Sherlock wanted to like it.
“Once ever to positivity.”
“I miss you.” He pouted. “Make me forget.”
"Light's out Doctor Goodall!"
“‘Kita Seung-Eun.’ Upstairs. Two guards. Quietly.’”
He scans the rafters, looking for any sign of movement, before he catches motion at the corner of his eye and turns, tucking into himself as a thick body barrels into his hiding spot, toppling the saw horse to the side as they land directly on John.
His husband smiled, a cold little thing that hinted more at bitter amusement than happiness. “That’s supposed to make me feel comforted? That it’s better than nothing?”
"No."
Their private partings didn’t vary much either, and Sherlock both loved and hated them. Whenever they were put back together it made leaving all the more difficult for the both of them, and yet they couldn’t resist the pull of it, water to tide, tide to moon. Perhaps it was the dramatics, perhaps it was the catharsis of tragedy, perhaps it was the darker, the more tender, and the infinitely more vulnerable side of love that made coming together worth the separation.
“You have not seen what he sees, what I see.” Mikheia replies, sipping at his drink. “I know you never met me officially in Novgorod, but my life was just as exciting as I thought it would ever be; I did menial work and robbed tourists to buy my bread. I think I was just waiting to be arrested or murdered. Maybe I wanted something that meant freedom. I wanted something…so that I could live a little, on my own. I did not care what it was…”
Sherlock sucked in a breath he no longer needed. “John—”
"Are you calling me old?"
“The river’s quite beautiful. We’ll follow it all the way to Mostar.” Mycroft says as the Nerevta River passes under the bridge, emerald and sapphire stretching under the sun.  “Such a lovely shade.”
"I see you've lost none of your charm, brother mine. You'll be happy to know that Mikheia will make a fully recovery—"
“Mmm…” He grinned, leaning closer. “I know what you like.”
"But we both know that you are not any other man." Mikheia paused. Sherlock would never ask where he had gone wrong, but his dormant curiosity was piqued, the monster raising its head drearily. Mikheia wanted nothing more than to kick it awake, kick it out of its depressed lethargy until it was biting and snarling instead of wallowing and whining and pawing for reassurance of an abstract future of the man in the other room.
in that moment, so untouchable, nothing could ever come between Holmes and Watson, nothing could take John from him, he could
from me. You hid in all your little cubby holes around the world, hoping to find traces of someone that had already been buried. You left me alone in a flat I couldn't afford in a city I didn't love and I was dying every day, over and over again. London is a cancer in my bones without you there to blast the grime away with your radiation. And you do radiate Sherlock. I think if nothing else—if no other word can describe you—you radiate. Madness. Beauty. A chaotic poison that shines underneath your skin. You're a mad genius, Sherlock, and I'm just the lab rat."
It's been raining nonstop for eight days. Sherlock wonders if it somehow involves John, since it seems as if the weather is constantly upset that he's here.
“Don’t expect me to pray.”
“It’s fine, Billy.” He says, waving it off. “You didn’t give me that goose egg.”
A bright smile lit Mikheia's face when he saw John walk in.
"You don't know Serbian—"
They’ve stopped moving.
just yet, simply a picker of little shells of knowledge on the shores of the great unknown ocean. My dissertations have yet to be accepted by the academic community…I don’t believe they’re quite ready to accept the things I tell them, if the laughter is any indication.”
John smiled. “Is that right?” He asked, swinging his legs over the end of the bed as he stood. “Oh, ye of little faith.”
"I did not at first, but now you just told me so." Mikheia said with a grin. "This man is important to you, and you must be around him often since you know that he does not like sugar in his coffee—well, tea, since you are British, yes?—but you got this face when you told me about him just now. I have seen you with this face before, sometimes when you think I am not looking or sometimes not, and now I know that whenever I see it you are thinking of him." Mikheia took a sip of coffee then leaned forward with a knowing smile. "Do you love him?"
He sucks on the cigarette as if it’s an offering of air as he drowns. The ember burns.
Mycroft meets his gaze steadily. “Yes, he is now. And you know that.”
It must have been the punch.
“My apologies for the interruption.” The man says, his voice as calm as before. “We’ve had some last minute changes to our scheduled programme.”
"You told me you had to be annihilated to die, and you've still got a body so therefore you've got something to fix. And I'm going to make sure it stays that way."
“Good.” John nods. “It’d be better if you had the Belstaff, but that’d be too easy for them.”
"It's a
"It was—uh—Moran. Sebastian Moran."
“See?” Mikheia echoes. “I am happy.”
He whirled on the other man, his horse stamping the ground as he tightened the reins. He was a natural horseman, able to turn the animal as if he controlled it himself.
"I trust you, John."
It’s quiet. The bad kind. It screams, high and silent, heaving its loneliness around the room like a great inescapable giant, throwing its weight around and crushing his body into the bed.
"You are…vital to my existence, John."
“So, Gianni, tell me of Norway.”
Sherlock feels a swell of relief.
John stared at him silently. He swallowed, his Adam's apple bobbing.
Sherlock nods.
—" John turns to Sherlock with a wide grin.
John opened his eyes.
about histrionics.”
*   *   *
"Would that be so bad? Dying for you?"
He darts back downstairs, nearly skidding down the stairs in his haste, and snatches his phone from the kitchen counter.
Sherlock had categorically detailed every cut, every scrape, every bruise, every wound, and memorised it, noted the way that each split John's skin like a small, dry riverbed. He had kept his mind occupied with figuring out what exactly caused the wounds. He would rather focus on the actual torture than the victim. He couldn't go there yet. He had to prepare. If he went in now, he may as well sign the death sentence on logic, on finding who did this to John, and act in heated, messy revenge instead of the cool, utterly annihilating retaliation this deserved.
ago, John! It was, like, nearly a bloody century! Is he still mad?”
A good man might say a few words to ferry a lost soul onwards, but Sherlock was not a good man, and he dug his thumb into the bullet wound. Hope let out a terrible howl, echoing in the dark, empty, and indifferent desert.
A man turns to him, entirely different than its earlier form, Quinn’s lanky, thin figure replaced by a taller, fuller bulk, meant to tower over him, meant to be imposing. The clean-shaven narrow face has been replaced by a faint scruff and strong features, the look of an undefeated soldier, its brow steady with unwavering loyalty. The wind blows against cropped blonde hair, clawed feet tap against the wooden boards, carrying the smell of sulphur over to John, not that he needs confirmation of who he’s looking at. He knows all too well the demon that stands in front of him.
The water’s cold beneath the warm surface. Bone piercing cold right into my heart cold pain pain skin being pulled exposing my tendons ice washing against my bones cold.
“I can protect myself, John! I did it well enough before you, and I can do it after if you think that you’re committing some gallantly sacrificial act of leaving me for my own good!”
"I don't think it wants to listen to you, John—" Sherlock says as the creature advances on them.
"Reasonably, yes. My friend's father works inside. And you cannot toss the sheep fur over my pupils. I know what you are querying."
"I'm saying, if you drive. On the other side. It's fine. Ain't my business."
"Well I suppose I am the paradigm of the better man in this relationship." John joked and Sherlock's eye roll was not lost on him even though he couldn't see it.
“How?”
"There are things that are happening in the world, right under your nose. Dark things. Unnatural."
"I was," He nodded, "But I got invalided home after the wound. You can't really shoot with a bad arm."
"That's what everybody wants, John, an easy ending. Surely you know that you can't always get what you want. And furthermore, who said I wanted to kill you?"
He’s been laid out flat on the conference table of the police station. Amanda, the station secretary, has already set out the morning’s donuts not a foot from his face, which would be irresponsible if it weren’t so benignly ridiculous. If he was a betting man, he’d guess that she’d already set it out and gone home before he got here—
The man sitting across the aisle had cut his finger on the lid of the can as he opened it, and soon a brilliant red was pouring from its mortal confines. John couldn’t help it – he zeroed in on the source, heard its call, smelled it, could damn near taste it.
"Yes, Sherlock, he
He hears it in a moment, from the table beside John's chair.
“Our kind, we don’t…how do I put this…we don’t talk. We have no words, no sentences, no conversation. We have feelings…instincts—” Here, she grapples for a word.
A pause.
"I have no intention of losing you."
He feels soft hands lift his head, drawing the burlap over his head. Once more, he is shrouded in darkness, a blessed darkness.
"No. There's not one I can use."
"This is Principal Wolchezk. I am…deeply saddened to have to tell you that, early this morning, your classmate Rachel Wilson was found dead.
"No, I did that, sir. Since I was qualitied and had no other option, I used to work at a place much like this."
“I will.”
He hears Moran's laugh, followed by his loud call: "I'm just fucking with you, Holmes, he's not here."
No, there would be nothing without him. He’d already learned that once, in Switzerland, not a century and a half ago, when Sherlock had been in the deepest black mood he’d ever seen, and made John watch as he threw himself off a waterfall, into the churning, rocky rapids below.
“Why? Why do you wish death over finding Sherlock? You are in love with him, yes?”
“Flattery gets you nowhere, John.” Sherlock rolled his eyes, but smiled.
He catches it. Tosses it again. The sound echoes, like cannonfire.
“I’m afraid I haven’t been entirely truthful with you,
"No...no, it's alright. Deserved that one, I suppose."
Man calling significant other, he'll be late for dinner (read: making room for affair). Woman calling her son (read: trying to keep her mind off her other child, whom she never rings). Woman with child, going to see a dying relative. Man and woman, in love (read: sickening), first trip apart.
He looks older.
Lestrade turns his eyes from John to Sherlock as if he’s waiting for one of them to disprove what Sherlock’s said.
He glances around and stifles the disappointed frown. They all have a light to lead them, and he has himself. He has his clues and his deductions and they have their faith, which, essentially, are the same things.
Sherlock smiled a little, fondly. “You told me no.”
"John."
He skidded through the tiny gap and collapsed on the other side with a sigh of relief. As he crouched on the ground, he felt a weight in the pocket of the woman's trousers he had taken. He reached in and dug out a mobile before cursing his lack of foresight. He should have had the practicality to find it and take it from her before he had started running. If he hadn't found it he probably wouldn't have considered looking until later, when it was too late. Someone was looking out for him then.
"Hyacinth—" She coughed, gasped through the sudden lack of air pushed out of her by Sherlock's weight. "What happened to Hyacinth? The human man that came between two gods?"
The room was silent, none of his words hanging in the hair simply because he hadn't said them. To Mary's eyes, he had stood and turned to look at her with an expression of such hatred and grief that she couldn't imagine how she'd once thought him to be inhuman. He stared at her until he was trembling, until she could see his eyes glisten and his hands clench into fists.
"No, but it's been through some negative things, just like yours."
It had been their willingness to sacrifice an innocent man that bothered him the most afterwards. How badly did he need the money of an agency that saw in black and white, an agency that cared nothing for the worth of greyscale?
“Yes.”
"Fair enough."
Slats of waxen gold light slash down on their backs as they run behind the houses, every other step in darkness.
"To see an old friend," the figure replied. He glanced over his shoulder. The man was bundled head to toe, a large black hat hiding his face from the sun, with a warm scarf wrapped thrice around his head. Only his eyes were visible, black eyes, as dark as the night.
"What about it?"
"And do you know how it felt when I thought I finally had control of my life and then you come back and royally fuck it all up?" Sherlock couldn't stop the destruction of the final mirror. "I thought I was the one in charge of my life, Sherlock! Not you, not Mary, not bloody sodding
John considered the request carefully – what might mark this occasion, the most important night, perhaps, in modern history? What they might do, what might go wrong, what might go right, the reverberations felt throughout time…
Lestrade stands, roughly grabbing Sherlock by the arm and dragging him to the breakfast nook off the side of the hall.
, I only visited to strike fear into the hearts of your companions."
who’d been bombarded with shrapnel. Together, John’s body burning with fever and a setting infection, he murmured instructions to Murray as they pulled piece after twisted piece of metal from the man’s body. The curlicued ones were the hardest to remove, sucking and sticking at the muscle and viscera as they were tugged out. John remembers the sweat dripping down his face as he sewed his enemy back together, the impotent rage and hopelessness warring throughout him as he tried to save a man’s life who would do no such favour to him had their circumstances been reversed.
“Would you like me to leave you alone?”
“I don’t mean that as bait. I don’t want you to come back out of guilt. But…”
And he did—it didn't need to be said.
"Well maybe not...everything."
"Yes, naturally." Sherlock says dryly. "What is it then?"
"No, wait, I don't mean any harm—" John said, reaching out to show her, but Hanne backed away fearfully.
“It’s quite fun, making you
“John, how’s the head?”
Sherlock felt stars burst behind his eyes. It could have been the dehydration, the hunger pangs, but he knew it was John behind it all, as he had always been. He licked into his husband’s mouth, scraping their teeth together, and John bit lightly on his lip, allowing the red cells and platelets to drip into his blood stream. He drew him closer, wrapping an arm around John’s waist as he crawled further up his body, half settling into his lap.
"You're a bloody idiot, going after him like that. What if I'd lost you?"
It is currently 11:34 AM. This is Sherlock Holmes."
"What did you do to him?"
“Necessary semantics.” He throws back.
John glanced into the archway, where he could see the various bazaars in the square bustling with activity. A man stared back at him.
John rests his head on Sherlock’s shoulder and leans into him. He recognises that Sherlock is trying to make amends, and he appreciates it.
“And…why mostly?”
“So will you.”
Ray: I said you, father. What are you, deaf?"
"Does the name Sherlock Holmes mean anything to you?" He asked.
“No names, please. You understand why.”
Hands rolling over soft plains, feeling humming skin and damp shoulders. John closed his mouth around one, feeling not only the bone and sharpness but the softness between the two. Sherlock made a strangled sound and insistently tugged his head away to meet his mouth once more and John allowed him a few deep kisses that tasted of a glowing fire late at night, when people slept but others stayed up to watch the flames die.
Lestrade’s ringtone—a gaudy rendition of “Always Look on the Bright Side of Life”—cuts their conversation short.
He steps closer, and touches Sherlock's cheek softly, as if he was John instead of an imposter.
"Yeah, funnily enough, that's what humans use to introduce themselves to each other."
"Here."
"What?" Sherlock stepped forward. "What did you see? What did they do to him?"
“Artemisia.”
He had perched himself on a chair beside the bed, keeping a vigilant eye over John like a grotesque peering down from Notre Dame. He had been restless at first, before his body had processed the alcohol, but now he felt relatively calmer, his furious screaming and subsequent crash taking his agitation from him. John wouldn't have approved of the way that he had yelled at Mikheia. Mikheia, who had done nothing to provoke him. Mikheia, who was so wise for being 24 and pretending to be 19. Mikheia, who had taken his tantrum just as calmly as John would have.
“I don’t know.” He blurts through gritted teeth. He doesn’t know; he wants his body to be still for five fucking seconds; he wants to be alone so he can pull himself together again.
"It's hard to get an exact number, I won't prescribe it to common ignorance. The point being that jails are so full of rustlers, itinerants, and petty thieves that the other day a man had to be handcuffed to a pole out in Waco for want of a cell. There's more crime than the law rightly knows how to handle. That's where I come in."
“Not sure.” Harry hummed. “I don’t suppose there’s much to do but catch up with you and Dracula over there. The three of us, together again.”
"Sherlock, I've already sent someone to look." He said in a tone that suggested for him not to be hopeful.
"This isn't over." Sherlock said lowly, and their bond quavered like struck iron.
"You wish for me to tell you where the south gate is so you can escape." It wasn't a question, it was an acknowledgement.
"I won't hold my breath." Lestrade scoffs and orders a pint from the bar.
“What do you want to do?” He asked, trying and failing to sound calm. “Now – right now? Tell me, and we will do it.”
“Are we including your natural life as well?”
“I told you
wouldn’t want you to be like this.”
Moran smirked.
The boy looked over him.
“Irene Adler’s moniker for me wouldn’t be apropos anymore, if that’s what you’re wondering.”
"Please, by all means, say that louder, I don't think the waiter heard you." Sherlock hisses.
"Did you just call me a
"I do not think they offer extensive tours, sir. Admission is free, but they do not want you wandering—"
"Every day." He answered without hesitation because it was the truth so why should he hide it?
Mary was gone.
We who were living are now dying
“Only just—don’t speak back to your elders, young man.”
John is on the phone with Lestrade, discussing the thumbprint on the back of the dog tags. He had felt obliged to report it. Sherlock didn't want him to; his home had been intruded upon enough and he had the sudden urge to lock the door, throw the blinds shut, and clutch John to him in the warm dark so nothing could get to him without answering to Sherlock first.
His eyes flickering between the two, Mikheia opened his mouth as if to say something before he closed it and turned on his heel, vaulting over a fallen machine and disappearing from sight as he ran.
"I will do my best."
Already, she knew that Sebastian was going to go after them—her first, most likely—for leaving school before he could catch her, but he was quick to reckless (and usually wrong) conclusions, plus she had a head start. He'd go to the diner first, and annoy Sarah until she got sick of him and kicked him out. Then maybe to Molly's house, ask her parents in his nicest veneer where she was, pretend to be the wholesome All-American boyfriend instead of the slippery little eel he turned out to be. As much as she hated it, Rachel's death gave her the chance to keep him away for a few days, maybe even for good. She didn't want to see anyone really—just finding Will was draining enough—and she wanted to see Sebastian least of all.
The man on his left scratched his chin when he was about to bluff. Black residue under the nails — not oil. Ink. Editor of the Baker Street Herald. Several hundred dollars in debt. Wife about to leave, judging from the bags beneath his eyes and the compulsion to twist at his ring every time the bet was raised. Not one late night at the press, but many, stubble left to grow long past five o'clock.
She moves to grab something from her cart, but his hand stops her, wrapping gently around her wrist as his fingers graze hers.
"Well, that's rather pointless then," Sherlock sniffs, turning away as he shrugs off the latex gloves. "If she was psychologically tortured, it doesn't matter anything to us now since she's dead."
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock looked at him, lips pursed like he had tasted something sour, like he was chewing on his words, before he spoke.
The radio played classic oldies throughout the night; he didn't have any tapes of his own in the car, so they drove along to Orbison and The Platters, the fresh night air filling the silence. He pulled the car over somewhere along the bay and they sat on the hood, watching the dark water glitter, smooth and shining as the waves lulled in and out.
"Before? Before what?"
“Christ.”
"I went to the grocer's."
He pokes it.
“I know, love.”
“Your hand.”
"Holmes?" An officer frowns. "As in—?"
It wasn’t much trouble to make the journey; they had been living in the southeast of France, holed away in a tiny and utterly inconspicuous town on the Riviera. Their nights were spent wandering the citrus groves, the beaches; their shadows passed through the sloping tiers of buildings, pale and stuccoed sorbets of melon and orange, perched together on the port before the wide, dark sea as it sparkled under the moonlight, the palms waving in the breeze.
And he is falling.
"I'm sorry, John." Sherlock exhaled softly. John believed that, if Sherlock had ever meant anything he said, he meant this. "Truly, I am."
They sit across from each other in the dining chairs they dragged before the fire, alone in a house with a penchant for quiet. It’s almost midnight. The fog is creeping towards the house, the warm fire not strong enough to ward it away. In the back of the yard, the barn glows with a soft light, mingling with the shadows inside.
“You could’ve done that when you were busy screaming.” She answers, lifting the trunk open and grabbing a worn-out duffel bag. “Do you have everything in here?”
Once he knew John couldn't see him, he shut his eyes and let himself collapse into pain. He barely had the energy to wipe the exhausted tears away, so he let them fall.
"I know that I'd be vulnerable and I know you haven't seen me in a while Sherlock, but I'm still a doctor. I think I'd know what's best in this situation. And you could have told me what you were planning."
He stared at his husband for a long moment, then looking into the water. "Maybe you're right."
"I'm going in to question him." Lestrade tells him calmly. "And
One shattered the silence. The other shattered Sherlock.
"Alright, so why him? It's not for ransom, not if Moran can't collect while he's still at the Yard. A dead body isn't worth anything, even to a family that wealthy."
"I know you're trying to bait me into trying to find you more quickly than I am currently trying to and I know you're using the safety of my landlady, brother, flatmate, and colleague as leverage, but I want to know
"How did you know he's a 'he'?"
Sherlock takes in a rasping gulp of air like a drowning man; he stares down at his shaking hands. He looks up at John with wild eyes.
"Sherlock, I…there's nothing there."
Sherlock stares at him. "This...is not the usual protocol I take in normal relationships."
John lets out a mirthless laugh. “I’ve killed too many men, Georgiy. I can’t kill him too.”
. The memory of white splashed with inky globs of black made Sherlock feel like he was tethered to something dark and cold and had only just noticed because the chain had reached its end.
Closer, closer,
“A statement rich in hypocrisy. Is this equality why I’m only learning of your plan to leave me now, and not when it first crossed your mind? It’s only
“Threaten me with something new, brother. I’ve been damned for a while.”
This was one hell of an emotional crisis. What had he gotten himself into?
Sherlock stared at him for a moment.
John stares at him for a moment before leaning over the countertop as he toys with a beaker of Sherlock's.
He’d been right.
He snapped out of his thoughts, but Sherlock was already gone, heading back inside. And what else could he do, but follow.
He wishes John would stop staring.
"Then you have me."
The breath is suddenly knocked out him as he’s tackled to the floor. He can smell Lestrade’s aftershave; it’s awfully pungent and reeks of a single parent who’s just begun to date again.
“Right.” Lestrade growls, barrelling through traffic. “Tell me the truth, the whole unexpurgated truth.”
"What do you want, John?" Sherlock asks softly.
"Mrmph." John replied, having fallen forwards over onto the bed, his voice muffled by the mattress before he managed to turn his head.
"The Soviet Union was disbanded two decades ago, sir. Therefore I can go wherever I wish. It is the beauty of a non-Communist state, see. Free travel and all that."
Without warning, the peak is reached and the light escapes its bonds, filling the room. Sherlock is blinded, robbed of all senses but for Harry holding his hand. He has the odd lightheaded sensation of being almost drunk, wobbling on his legs with a comforting warmth pooling in his stomach, spiralling outwards through his body towards his fingertips. That feeling that pervaded his body, that bright, sharp jolt, is wiped away as if it had never been.
"Then let them. But humans don't often go out of their way to see realities they don't believe in."
“Please.” He rolled his eyes. “We hardly solved all the baggage of the last one. Mankind is nothing if not predictable. We’ll reach the crisis point of emerging geopolitics soon enough.”
“Don’t mistake recklessness for a suicidal tendency, I would like to keep on living, so if you don’t mind…”
"So am I."
"It's Earl Grey." Sherlock says, nudging it towards him with one long finger. "Your favourite."
“I did. The foot of the Tower with the heads of Catherine Howard’s lovers on spikes could hardly qualify as romantic.”
The ring of Sherlock's phone clangs through their warm domesticity.
of it,” Sherlock snaps, “So tell me.”
John's discovered that his newest target is none other than the quite alive Sherlock Holmes.
“She only needs as much as we do, John.”
"The relevance here has gone right over my head, John—"
"There are many names for it. Hades. Xibalbá. Kalichi. Hell." His eyes open dart to Sherlock's. "We call it Sheol. Hebrew for 'pit of the dead'. The accuracy is stunning—considering no human has been there—since it really is a pit." He says, trying to smile but it looks strained.
“No.” Sherlock began to feverishly unbutton his trousers. “Here. Now.” He bent down to slide everything off, and John’s heart raced as he saw Sherlock naked before him. The man’s body looked made of marble, skin smooth and pale, only his cock had any color, it was long and flushed and stood out from the rest of him, eagerly waiting to be touched. John reached out to do so, but Sherlock quickly grabbed his wrist and backed them both up toward the sink. He turned John’s palm upwards and lifted it. “Spit,” he commanded, and John’s eyes widened, but he obeyed and leaned over to spit into his own hand. Sherlock folded it up as he turned around and bent over the countertop, resting his elbows on the edge, then pulled it forward and between his arse cheeks.”Open,” he murmured, and John opened his hand to glide his spittle across Sherlock’s arsehole.
It hadn’t been John’s intellectual insights that led Sherlock to his epiphanies, back when they used to solve crimes together. When John had made any suggestions about their cases, he was usually wrong; but somehow, indirectly, his ideas had pushed Sherlock’s brain in the right direction. John had never been able to define it, this thing they shared, only knew that it was a connection and it stimulated Sherlock to be better at what he did.
“Where…”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Yes, but I’ve always assumed yours were dead.”
I shook my head. “This is beyond hard, John. It’s impossible.”
Molly looked at the ticket on the body’s toe. “Yes, that’s… that’s what it says. All three came in yesterday afternoon, right before I left.”
The room was even more silent than before. “Let’s speak with the supervisor again,” Anderson finally said, to his boss. “Ask him which of his employees have the most organized workspaces. That should give us a good start.”
feel that you are ready?”
Ella eyed him. “So you decided to kiss him?”
“This is all I could get!” Mycroft spat back. He was not exactly on good terms with the government officials; the board had all but laughed in his face when he’d requested resources for yet another mission involving Moriarty and the Agra treasure.
And then Molly had an epiphany. Anna wasn’t bait for Moriarty.
John set his jaw, stubbornly. “Then I won’t help you. And you
Sherlock sat back and crossed his arms. “I see: you’re abandoning me on Christmas to go on sex holiday with your wife.”
“Yay!” John heard Anna shout, and heard the springs in the couch creak wildly as she began to jump up and down.
“Look, if she died of her injuries, we could firmly add ‘murder’ to Carruthers’ list of crimes, which would help his chances of conviction. But if she didn’t… John, we
sentimental. You get that from Sherlock.”
“If it were me, though,” Sherlock countered. “If it were me, held as suspect, you would still try.”
John came too, all over the flowers on the bedspread. He groaned and breathed raggedly, as he did. I finished my own orgasm and pulled out of him and watched my come drip down the inside of his thigh. I bent down, on impulse, and licked it. He shivered, still pumping weakly into his hand, spurting out the last bit of his semen.
He forced an exhale through his teeth, and hooked his hands behind his neck as he turned again. He looked up at the clock across the hallway. Mary had been in emergency caesarean surgery for three hours and twenty-three minutes, two minutes longer than when he’d last checked.
place.”
“Trying to get off with you,” I answered, too aroused to play coy. “Problem?”
I felt the beginnings of an erection, and stood quickly, wrapping my coat around me. “Were the other victims strangled as well?” I asked to distract myself. John was smirking more than ever, still squatting next to the body.
Sherlock leaned closer, his voice quiet. “Was it worth it? Your plan of revenge? Was it worth it in the end?”
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock wailed, his voice muffled. “It was… so real…”
John let his head fall forward into his newspaper. He turned in his chair. “You did
Lestrade had picked a lot of locks as a young lad. He’d grown up in a fairly small town, and he and his mates would often break into their friends’ houses or local storefronts and such and pull pranks on the residents. He’d had his fair share of peer pressure, wanted to be the “bad boy” and all that, but honestly… he did it because his father would fly into a red-eyed rage when he got caught. And there was nothing he loved more than pissing off that no-good, stick-up-the-arse wanker.
belonged in our house instead.
“It appears as if I wasn’t the only one with that idea,” the Major replied. Sherlock glanced his way and found a small, sad smile on his lips.
In the weeks that followed, I’d managed to find the courage for two encounters—both ended in blowjobs, but still. I knew that waiting for me to want sex wasn’t going to happen overnight (if ever), so I had to give him something in the meantime. John didn’t ask me if I wanted him to reciprocate, and I didn’t tell him if I got off or not. But I deduced, after it was done and I brushed my teeth and went back to whatever I’d been doing before, that he was disappointed. It was incredibly frustrating; I was clearly satisfying his bodily need to have sex, and his emotional need to have a companion in life, but it wasn’t enough. He wanted more from me, and I didn’t know how to give it to him.
John rolled his eyes. “For God’s sake, it doesn’t matter, it’s just a way to separate them—“
Sherlock did not know how to respond. “Stop swearing,” he said, stupidly.
room, Sherlock,” said John, beginning to growl. “I’m going to stay in
The truth was, in the last three months Sherlock hadn’t had any time to be sad or grieve. The only grieving he’d done was in those first few hours after John had died—until he’d come home to find an abandoned child in his flat. The decision to raise her was made at once, with no hesitation on Sherlock’s part. Mrs. Hudson had had her doubts, oh yes, but Sherlock had simply told her, “I’ll figure it out.”
“Key?” John murmured to himself. “How the hell did he finally manage a key?” He shook his head as he turned off the shower, grabbed his clothes, and followed after.
—before wiping her dagger on his shoulder and putting it back in her dress, safely. That was the man she had said was her father. She stared at him, wondering if he actually
He's growing comfortable with John.
He wakes as sprouts begin to fracture through his bones.
"Sherlock? Maybe. It's you I'm after. If you wanted to be poetic, I can kill him without even touching him. Jim always knew we had to use you to get to him."
"Physiologically, no. Metaphorically," John shakes his head. "Again, no."
make that same mistake twice, John, and I will certainly not sit back and let you die by his hands, staged or not."
Sherlock turns and flees the room, banging the door shut to a laughing Moriarty.
"He hasn't?"
Sherlock’s eyes narrow. “You wouldn’t.”
"I hate to burst that positively
“Mind telling me who you’ve got holed away upstairs?”
Well. He sees his presence is more of a hindrance than a help now.
"Occasionally."
For great desire constraineth me to learn
"Me briga za ništa kako ja radim za vas." He said quietly, running his thumb over the scar above John's ear.
"Now," Holmes sighs, "That's out of the way. Let's get started."
"We could either contact the local authorities or phone Mycroft. Both would be effective although he'd end up with the latter either way—"
?"—into biting anger directed towards John, so John had responded by shutting Sherlock's laptop and giving him, what was in John's opinion, spectacular head. After that, Sherlock had taken to using sex, as they usually did, to alleviate boredom or stress or frustration. John had lost count of how many times they'd fucked since they arrived, to be perfectly honest, and he doubted they'd left any surface that hadn't been christened. The bed in the lounge, the table, the elevator (when Sherlock had been spectacularly lazy and took it to the third floor to the archive room before making John carry the stack of papers down and rewarding him with a slow fuck against the wall), the kitchen counter after they'd attempted to make pie one night, three separate showers, five different beds (whichever room was closest when the mood struck), and, on one memorable occasion, the grand staircase. John would be lying if he said he didn't enjoy the fact that they were unutterably alone in all this, that he could be as loud as he wanted or as slow or hard and
"Yes, because so far all this—" He waved a hand, indicating the bandages covering John, more visible than his own skin. "Has been solely your doing."
Their bond was thrumming with the beginning stages of chemical reaction, as volatile compounds came into contact.
A knock on the door.
Sherlock's fingers tap against his scar absentmindedly, in a way that brokers no argument on what his mind has settled on. When he speaks, his voice is quiet, reflective in a way that John hasn't quite heard before, in shades of something that sounds like uncertainty.
"Greg?" Sherlock asks. "Who's Greg?"
“Yeah. She’s that woman that tried to defame you, right?”
He stared at the bed as the phone rang. At those great circles of blood, those splashes that meant Sherlock was hurt, not injured per se, but
and I’ll know he’s lying and we’ll have a row eventually when the kettle boils over and the steam spills out, which leads to loud words and great sex. John likes to channel his anger through his cock, I’ve learned—a lesson taught to me multiple times, bent over the kitchen table or over the arm of the sofa or clutching the headboard of a room I’m reclaiming as
John's left the agency behind him (not that they're letting go), and must face the effects of his torture.
No guilt, no sorry speeches!"
“I’ll call in my sister.”
John is beautiful to him, and he realised that long ago, sometime between breakfast and dinner on a chilly November morning, when they knew
"Do you mind if I join you?"
"Sherlock? Are you alright?"
His body feels as if it’d been ground up then hastily cobbled back together, all sharp angles and aching, with a weight he’d never quite felt before. A certain heaviness that pervaded his bones, made them like lead, full of something with a dense, hot mass. A dying star taking him down with it.
(See the end of the chapter for
"You're joking."
Everything is suddenly a brilliant white, like starting at the sun through dark clouds. Not too bright to look away, just…overwhelming. The colour of the moon, smooth, seamless, blanched and burning.
"Moran was in the 1st Bangalore Pioneers when he was in the army."
*     *     *     *     *
"Tell the owner they'll have him back soon, safe and sound. Think of it as collateral." Sherlock said, tossing the pistol back at him and spurring Gladstone onwards.
"You know what I told the agency, then? You know that I'm not going after innocents. No political figures, either, if I can help it."
"No, that's done too. I'd like my question answered, please."
“Where are you from?” She asks in good but accented English, arms crossed.
"Twice?" Sherlock made a sound of annoyance before continuing to wrap the bandages around John's middle once more. "I was only aware of one instance."
"Eat quickly." Sherlock advised. "We don't have much time left."
"Any last words?" He hears Moran growl, hears the danger in his voice, the power that radiates off him, even though his back is turned. It feels like it’s reverberating through the concrete. He
“I’m here.”
The lights turned on.
"Not exactly."
." Not-John said it like it was obvious. "M.D." He added with a wet, red grin.
Lestrade hesitates for a moment. That's a bit Not Good.
"No!" Sherlock starts. "No. I do. Want them. Sit." He says, indicating the seat opposite him. "And call me Sherlock."
Sherlock falls.
He had meant what he said. He had tried to stop lying, if he had even lied at all. Only what he thought
"How — you can't possibly know these things."
Talking, yes. Talking was good. Talking would keep John breathing longer. He wished he was certain that what he was saying had validity, but he was about to find out.
John stared silently down into the gaze that looked up at him, into unsure eyes that already gave him his answer. He exhaled softly, and a kind smile, love glowing from every curve, was sent down to the man beneath him, washing away all Sherlock's fears of John's anger at his timidity, at his decreasingly decimal confidence that only appeared with the man above him
His soul. Little bits of morality and humanity that build together to create something that makes him unique. A special little snowflake.
Nothing happens, of course. Sherlock had seen to that before bringing it anywhere close to his doctor.
“I have nothing concrete, but the theory suits the facts: he studied in Verkhoture, the seat of the Russian covenant. The Khylsts train their members in matters spiritual and metaphysical – you know this is true; you’ve seen the manuals. We
They sit, and they stare, and they say nothing.
“My apologies, John. I know you don’t much like that.”
When Sherlock woke, the space beside him was empty. He stared at it as the wind billowed into the room, ruffling the empty sheets where a body should be. He felt that same panic as the day when he had woken up alone instead of in
"Irene!"
Moran groaned but recovered quickly, throwing all his weight at John, who tried to side-step but ended up spinning them sideways as Moran barrelled into him. Moran reacted quickly, sending one foot behind John's as he tripped him, sending them both to the floor where John's head connected harshly, sending his vision burning a blinding white for a few seconds, no doubt worsening whatever injury he had gotten from that first punch.
"Your fever's breaking."
John had made eggy bread, something he hadn't done since Sherlock's birthday months ago. It tended to be a special occasion thing, but what he was celebrating today, he didn't know.
"Do you honestly believe that you were sent here to protect him? To watch over Sherlock?" He asks, taking a sip of tea and wishing once more that he wasn't on a no-sugar diet.
"I know what you thought." Harry says coolly.
Sherlock dipped down, brushing his lips over John's like sunlight skimming over water before he moved up and rested his chin in the crook of John's nose.
"You." John corrected, standing and brushing the sand off his pants.
He smashed the next one, sending a cut that was almost deep enough to slice down his radial artery. Almost, but not quite. Sherlock needed to stop him, needed to stop him now, before he could do any more damage. He could tackle him, but the floor was so littered with broken glass that it made a full frontal assault a terrible idea. He needed to do this safely.
. He just knows. John will never come home because he is home, home in that little silver urn in a place that suddenly feels like not much of a home at all.
." Sherlock moved down the sofa, peering into John's eyes and everything perfect and beautiful about the man, his voice, the pillar at the top of his nose, the bow of his lips, the piercing grey gaze, everything, they all banded together and smacked John right in the face. "Do you know just how close you were to being killed tonight, all because Moriarty wanted you to be?"
. Christ, I've been stupid—" He brings a hand to his face, as if it will shield him from what he perceives to be the oncoming onslaught of Sherlock's criticisms. "Moran?"
“Where is he now?”
"Yes."
"Is death…is it a…fetish to you or something?" John asked tentatively, rolling over on his side to face him.
"I could have saved you."
“You think he’ll come after you?”
"What do I have to do to prove it, then?" Not-John asked, holding out his hands. He took a step closer to Sherlock. "I took the darkness from you." He whispers into his ear quietly. "While you were busy with me inside you. Fucking you. I left and you didn't even notice. I went right into your heart and I found the darkness. I scooped it out—it was like tar—and I swallowed all of it down, all that I could cup in my hands until it was empty. I licked it off your veins and sucked on your tendons like they were sweets. I wanted to you to be clean. Pure and whole. Like white linen sheets. But I couldn't get the blood off."
with him for three years? How little you must think of me.”
John was too spaced to be bothered to pretend he knew what Sherlock was going on about, much less that he had dropped to squat on his heels.
"I thought you took care of them?"
“If you want to call it that—”
"What the actual
John’s stare, across the room, is even colder.
"Tell me John," He asked quietly. "Have you been eating anything that the agency has directly given you?"
"Sherlock—"
“If I were John’s master, you would be long dead.”
Over the years, his opinion remained unchanged, although he didn't. He got older. He got sober. He got wiser, emotionally, thanks to John.
John groaned softly into Sherlock's shoulder, his teeth grazing the soft, salty skin.
“You tell me what I want to know, and I’ll tell you.”
TUESDAY
It was all wrong. All wrong. John was supposed to be in London, in Baker Street, moving on with his life, not here, not in
"I know I've learned not to list you as a suspect, Sherlock, despite the fact that you seem to know things that only a very few list of people can know—"
Opening his eyes would be a good place to start.
“Well after Bart’s you couldn’t very well have been in Moscow the next day…” He stops at the look on Sherlock’s face. “Oh my god, you were, weren’t you. In
His mate sighed, moving to pay the bill before following him.
“Paris was
" John turned to him sharply, his teeth already descended at the scent of old blood, congealing on the pikes underneath the unblinking heads mounted on St Thomas'. He'd had his face turned towards the moon, watching for movement, when the appearance sentries sent him back, clutching the front of Sherlock's doublet as he pulled him close beneath the shadows of the closed market stalls.
"H'lo?"
"No, Mikheia. It is out of the question."
“No. But the night’s young yet. Perhaps they’re fashionably late.”
The space her abdomen had occupied was now empty, the squared chunk of flesh cleanly cut away, laying now at her feet.
- Oscar Wilde
"Let him go." She said softly.
“Nothing gets past you, does it, Mr Holmes?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“No. I know he’ll try to join me. He’s very persistent…always seems to get what he wants one way or the other.”
That had been an hour ago, one whole hour since Sherlock had disappeared back into that quiet, dark room. Mikheia had made sure there were no bottles with him.
—in keeping with the host’s interests in the
The room was empty.
…but you
Sherlock reached out and ran a hand down John's side, grazing the end of a whip mark. John shivered.
When he was reborn, he was offered the chance to forget about the door, the things it held, and the man that used to sleep behind it (if and when he actually did sleep). They told him it wouldn't hurt, that he wouldn't remember anything about it, that it was a simple procedure. Optional, of course, completely optional, but if this
Apparently the agency was wasting no time in using his sick leave to their advantage.
Sherlock eyes his brother as Lestrade sets down his empty cup, the china clinking against the saucer. The silence between them has coagulated into an unsteady tension, neither having enough of both experience anf familiarity with the other as well as the natural inclination to make small talk.
"Who is the host then?"
He sniffed. Whoever it was used a similar shampoo to John's, a plain, unscented brand that smelled only of cleanliness. Sherlock had never told John how much he liked the smell, how peaceable it was and so unornamented that it complimented anything it was put with. In a way, it was much like John himself.
"I know I'm not particularly loquacious with my affection—"
John reaches a hand out, shouldering the burden that Sherlock was afraid to lift. Sherlock takes it, threading his fingers through John’s. He brings him forward, or perhaps John takes the step on his own, as he was afraid to do before. Perhaps something held them both from this before, but it is gone now. Perhaps John is more human, or Sherlock more otherworldly. But where there once was hesitation, now there is certainty.
. And for John, he’d go a little farther. For the two of them, for two men who together created the only real father he’d ever truly known, he’d go a little farther.
John swayed suddenly, threatening to collapse where he stood, but gloved hands grasped him under the arms and lowered him to the ground.
“Sherlock, that’s—”
"M—M—
"What would happen if I said no? If I was silent, left you wondering for the rest of your days? You would be a man starving from hunger. You would
“We’re looking for someone.” Sherlock answers.
that?"
“Benzodiazepine.” The solemn man repeated quietly, his eyes narrowing.
“And the Commonwealth’s still standing without you to head it?”
one. You're a rare commodity."
Yet it makes him hurt. A deep pain shudders through him at night, somewhere in his body that is not moulded of sinewy muscle or thick blood. Somewhere hollow and cold and it
"Really?" Sherlock scoffs. "What gave it away?"
"What does it look like?" John snorted. "I'm stringing you up again. Figuring as you're so smart, you can find your own way back down without my help."
Sensing she had said the wrong thing, Irene softens. “No. I’m not from Sheol. I’m from your realm, more or less.”
horse. The time, if you will."
His words are soft, but they’re sharp enough to draw blood.
"He is an ancient evil." John says quietly. "Cunning, smart, and just bored enough to put them to use. He talked his way out of Sheol, if that tells you anything."
"Do you…do you think there will be more?" Lestrade asks tentatively, as if he doesn't want to hear the answer.
He felt a sharp, hollow pain in his chest as he realised that John would not notice his absence until he was facing Moran alone, if Moran was indeed where they suspected.
He scoffed, if only to cover the warm puddle gathering in the base of his spine at the sound of his name. “You weren’t being careful, you couldn’t help yourself. And what would you have said if they saw you?”
"Wh—what? Sherlock, you can't just
Moran began to stir and John took his signal to leave.
The door shuts behind them.
"Your question?"
He tries to call back one, two, six times, getting no answer on any, before he raises his collar and decides to forgo John's warning as he bolts outside.
Sherlock rolls his eyes and produces a USB from his pocket before flicking it to clatter across the table to his brother, who shuts his eyes and sighs but takes it with a swipe of his hand.
“You think it’s something to do with the hotel?”
“Irene, please, he’s just eaten.” Mortimer interjects on Sherlock’s behalf, though not without reddening. He shoots an apologetic glance at Sherlock. “No boundaries uncrossed for this one.”
"I stole
Moran stopped to take a long drag. "If not your parents or your sister, then certainly Sherlock Holmes." He sighed, smoke drifting from his lips. "You are a man who falls in love easily, quickly, shallowly, and then once it's done you toss it away. But Sherlock Holmes…he's open water, isn't he? All treading, feet never touching the bottom…You get exhausted quickly, surrounded by so much with no land in sight." He rolled up his sleeve, hot ash falling onto the cool floor. "I felt like you did sometimes. Swallowed up by the darkness, the honeyed genius. It gets addicting, doesn't it? To have someone need us again."
Their things are packed by the door, ready for the flight home tomorrow. Together. Rain was predicted for London, so he’d left out their coats. Couldn’t go home unprepared.
“I want to find two of them. I want you to teach me how I might do that.”
You just haven't realised it yet. Despite the people that spit on your face and leave you to salvage your dignity by spitting acid back at them, despite the fact that you don't think you deserve happines or love, despite the disappointments and let-downs and foibles and the fact that you think you’re something ugly, a freak for others to laugh at, you are still the most
Movement in the periphery. He tensed, hand halfway to the nearest weapon — a glass was closer, but a fork in the eye would do more damage — when a gun clattered to the table, heavy and cold, toppling his stack of chips.
"If he was as valuable as you claim, what were you waiting for? An engraved invitation to raid the place? My brother's permission? But you wouldn't care for that. Mycroft is just a walrus in a suit to you."
He looked quite different than he had at their last parting. There was a large slash in his trousers near his thigh, a sluggish, oozing wound beneath, rimmed in the tell-tale oxidized green copper scabs of silver poisoning, and his curly hair was crusted with blood, smeared across his face in great swipes. He was crouched protectively over something, shielding it from view. As Mycroft rounded the crates, he could just make out the familiar form of John, ever-present at his brother’s side.
"But you're so much better than me, John. You're so…
His hand is heavier than normal. He feels his palm sweating.
"I know." John replies, staring at him with that damned look that Sherlock hates that means he's trying to play hero.
?” John hisses. “Why now?”
"A parcel?" There was a rustling as he got up. "Uh, sure, yeah, alright—Sherlock,
“How do you mean?” He frowned, and Sherlock stood, chair falling back noisily as he came up to him.
“No,” Sherlock sighs, fumbling with the cuff of his shirt. “No, I’m done, I think.”
That stops him. The water recedes.
he was above him. Sherlock the Virgin, eager to give it up but too afraid to lose it.
He takes Sherlock’s hand and rests it on his chest, running it lightly over the unmarred, warm surface.  “He didn’t touch me.” He repeats softly.
He’s not cutting the cord. He’s gathering it. He’s bringing it closer.
Sherlock returns his gaze back to the screen, fingers steepled at his nose. “How many times did he tell you to fuck off before you actually did?”
John knows how to read him, how to answer a question he didn't ask.
“I think something scared her, but she wouldn’t even talk to me—wouldn't even see me.”
Sherlock's lips thinned, as if he had eaten a lemon, but he said nothing.
"I've already told you, I'm tuning our dear John out, that's all. He'll be right as rain once we're done. You'd never understand if I explained it. Even a mind as great as yours is still human, Sherlock Holmes."
“You sound like mother.” Harry said, rolling her eyes.
them—who they really are—it's…it's amazing."
"Mycroft is Mycroft. He will always meddle where he is unwanted, and he is annoyingly effective."
Sherlock’s silence is enough to answer.
“But I talked to him! I remember, John, I remember his voice, just…just not what he said.”
"Because the couple two tables over are suffering from a bad habit of eavesdropping and do you really have anywhere else to go?"
"Why the long face, Holmes?" Moran barked. "Your bonnie lass' lights going out then?" He didn't have the chance to finish before Sherlock was upon him in a vicious blur of movement.
He supposed the food wasn't too bad either.
The roots of his shelves shattered the panes and wrapped around his wrists, around his stomach and chest and neck, pulling him upwards and apart. His heart begins to tear from the strain. He can feel it. Gone through the glass again, shattered completely, of course he feels it.
How could he know, as he was sent to fall after it in a burst of light that swallowed his breath, swallowed his whole being, that he’d hurt someone, hurt him grievously, and most of all.
Harry laughs and with a pang he remembers John’s is the same.
him. No…
1. This is in Chapter 8 ("the bare heart") of 'Cicatrix', when John chases after Mikheia and gets a pole to the chest for his trouble.
Before his great head even turns back, he is upon the hound, biting and snarling with pent up wrath. He’s wanted this for a while. He’s been tamed, kept up inside too long. He’s needed a fight.
But that would only expedite John's end, and that was one thing Sherlock could not abide by. He stared down at his doctor. He looked so young when he was asleep—strike that—unconscious. The lines that came with worrying over Sherlock were gone.
"John?" Sherlock asks, out of breath, as he trots over to him. "John, what is it?"
"I mean if my fascination went beyond the realms of alright, if it was a crazy obsession, if I was completely barking mad about death and it got me off. Would that bother you?"
"Look at us, John."
Stared with an abstract fascination that such a simple thing, something no one ever thought of when it was small, could grow and gain the power to take away everything and leave nothing behind. The was life, wasn't it? Pillars of fire. You never thought about it when you could contain it, when it was a shadow inside you, and then one day you turn around and it's a mountain behind you that swallows you before you can realise just how big it's gotten.
Hurriedly, he strides after him, catching the edge of the door before it slams closed in front of him.
John stood, lifting his glass and downing its entire contents before turning towards the valet, taking his coat from him. He shrugged it on, Sherlock watching calmly, and stormed out into the snowy night.
“He loved you.”
“Evidence, Sherlock. For peace of mind, I must ask for proof.”
"Oh, I was not shot, sir."
“And Jim? Nachash? He escaped long before I did. Go after him. Leave us here; our fight isn’t with you.”
, Ironwood,
“Don’t look at me like that.”
"Ghost hostages. Brilliant idea on Moran's part, since he figures we don't know if we're even sacrificing ourselves for anyone's safety, which we don't. Fantastic. Right." John sighed before flinching as his hand gingerly touched around his right shoulder. "I suppose I should be grateful that the bullet didn't catch me anywhere vital, but
He knew himself. He could say honestly that he was no saint. Multi-tour deployment had made sure of that. And there was some atom that pinged inside him against all the others—some rotten little atom—that wanted blood. Loved the look of it, the smell, the heat of it, before it cooled as it inevitably did. All he really wanted in life was a paycheck, a good meal, and blood that never cooled.
“So, if John died here, no matter how he was killed, he still exists somewhere else?”
“Irene indicated to me that you might be having a…compatibility problem.”
“Apologies,” he murmurs, “though you appear to be as well.”
His widening, impossibly blue eyes—so pale like lightning—were the last thing John remembered, subtitled by the realisation that he hadn't checked behind the door.
How lucky he had been.
are.”
“No, but they said I had a way with words.”
"But that's—that's completely unlike Moriarty." John countered, coming to his senses once he shook his brush with death off. "Moriarty is like you. He always has a reason for whatever he does, he always..." John trailed off at the look on Sherlock's face and realised what he had said. "Oh, dammit, Sherlock, you know I didn't mean it like that. I'm sorry, I just meant you guys think very similarly is all—"
"What? What did you eat?"
"Yeah?"
Birds caw over the whitewashed landscape, dismally searching for their brethren amid the stripped, bare trees, like dark ribcages unfolded and flayed against the silent horizon.
*   *   *
“Will you stop hitting me?” He shouts later from where he rests face-down on the carpet.
At his touch, John was swarmed in a downpour of images, memories; the inebriated spoils Sherlock had been reaping as he trailed pipe after pipe, attaching himself to whoever swooned first because it meant one less moment he would remember. His mind filled with smoke, pickling in distant bitterness and a rancid, ever-present mood, cantankerous and ill-tempered. The setting was irrelevant, the people were expendable. He could feel his mate’s teeth as he drained corpse after corpse, leaving them blue-lipped, bloodless, dead eyed, slouched on their pillows, one against another, another, another...
Of course as he tried to shield Mikheia from the water he’d nearly drowned (
Sherlock frowned at his wording, but knew there were bigger things to worry about, and filed them away for later.
“Nothing is irreparable.”
"Tell me—" John's throat tightened. "Tell me that you're alright. Tell me you're out there, somewhere, waiting for me. Tell me that I can find you if I look hard enough."
"I didn't know you read anything other than Scripture." He says with a hint of a teasing smile.
than that. Lestrade…Greg. Help me lift him."
He grabs John's hand and threads their fingers together, clutching it to his chest.
"Ingen problemer, beklager—" She met John's eyes with a cautious insistency. "No—trouble."
"Just what? Use the lavatory?" Sherlock asked calmly, shutting the carriage door. "And do keep your voice down. People are sleeping."
"Only if you get me a new chair." John says, sitting down in Sherlock's chair, arms hanging over the sides.
, Sherlock!" John says in agitation. "It's not a Kinder Egg, there's not going to be a bloody toy inside—"
Anna eventually got all three of them safely to the top of the hill, unable to tell if it was to Sherlock’s relief or dismay.
The first thing he saw was the boy. He was tall and thin and rolling slowly on top of the bed. No, not
, I thought.
It was true. Mycroft had every single person at the scene paid off and sworn to secrecy the moment after his helicopter touched the ground. Magnussen’s death became a “random act of violence,” a break-in or some such, and no one even got a hold of the
. “Not everything is about sex, Mycroft,” I retorted, the come-back of a twelve-year-old all that I could muster.
know.” Mary’s eyes shone into his. “I mean, no, you don’t know my past and my intentions… my name… but you know who I am. Or who I’m
Sherlock made a small sound into John’s mouth that caused John’s knees to buckle. John hadn’t known that could happen in real life, that kissing could cause weak knees and breathlessness was something that only happened in stories or television. In real life those sensations were associated with fear or exhaustion or dehydration which he knew not only from his training as a doctor but from an abundance of personal experience. He had no experience with this kind of kissing and he didn’t know what to do except keep going. Sherlock’s hands grasped the sides of John’s shirt and John remembered
“Look, if you didn’t want to talk about it, then why’d you even bring it up? What was the bloody point of that?” He was starting to get angry now, and a different sort of angry from before. Not the this-is-for-your-own-good angry, that was John around me ninety-nine percent of the time. More like the you-wounded-me-emotionally-and-here-I-thought-we-were-friends angry. The other one percent.
John could tell that Sherlock was taken aback by the question.
I registered his blank expression and cursed myself.
Sherlock thought the emptiness might kill him, now. Once upon a time he had lived with that emptiness, he’d known how, convinced himself that it wasn’t empty; he just didn’t have a hole where most people did. There was nothing to fill. But now it had been full, that hole he never thought he had, and to empty it again would be catastrophic. It would fall in on itself, nothing to support it. He would go crazy. He would be sad. More than sad; he would be devastated.
Sherlock blinked at her. “He was murdered.”
That was what he decided on? “That would be nice.”
John stopped in his tracks and held his breath as he eavesdropped.
She said nothing.
He didn’t say anything for a moment, but I could tell he was trying to work it out, in that little blank brain of his. “Do you still love them, then?”
reaction.
; that was her first realization.
I can’t move for a moment. There’s silence next door and only panting in here. But then the keyboard begins to play again, and I gradually slide off of John. He sits up, and wipes his mouth, and opens his jaw to pop it back right.
he resolved
… he looked around, trying to think of something. The sink, cold  water? Would that work? Sherlock turned on the cold tap and let it run for a moment, and then, without much other thought, leaked over to put his penis in the stream.
Sherlock stared down into his lap and drug a finger round the lip of his glass. “John…." He paused. "We have to stop punishing each other.”
“Well, you are free to decline my offer, of course. But I’m going to keep her one way or the other, so wouldn’t you at least like to see what I’m willing to part with in exchange?”
“Sherlock.” A tentative voice, from several paces away.
There was a rushing in John’s ears that had nothing to do with the storm. He looked around behind him. He could see his own tracks in the snow, deep scars on a smooth surface. He turned back again to the way Sherlock had gone. Unblemished whiteness covered the ground.
John was silent.
“I can’t believe you!” Anna shouted, her voice shaking. “How could you do that?! I’m so mortified!” She started to cry, while Sherlock just stared at her, bewildered at everything. “You’re so bloody
“And when you’re
“I think you should come to therapy with me.”
Sherlock just “hmmm’d” in reply, fingers flying over his screen. “Aha!” He tapped, and plugged his phone into the speakers.
,” she explained, annoyed.
Sherlock lingered in the shadows as the pallbearers brought the casket down the aisle and out the front doors. John was one of the bearers, of course, and it was the closest Sherlock had been to him since that almost-cab ride all those years ago. He could see the wrinkles around his eyes and mouth. He could see—
“You’re hurting me!” she cried. Then, “Since last night. She told me last night.” She closed her eyes.
Molly didn’t respond right away. The whole situation made her uncomfortable. Sherlock had always trusted her as a confidant, and as such they’d had and unspoken understanding to always be honest with each other.
Sherlock seemed disappointed by the answer, but he nodded. He turned back to his computer and began typing again, silently.
her way out, there was no other way to describe it. Her movements were fast, precise, effective. She was wielding the scepter as a blunt weapon and thrusting out the small sword with her other hand. She was even using the cape, tangling it around the guards before stabbing or bludgeoning them.
“No,” Mycroft retorted, suddenly stern, and stopped to grab Sherlock’s forearm. “It’s not.”
he thought, annoyed.
look like
They laid on the bathroom floor, propped up against the wall, Sherlock’s long, lanky body curled up around John’s side, John’s arm draped over Sherlock’s shoulder. The shower was still flowing, the room was now thoroughly thick with steam, and that coupled with the heat was only furthering the dreamlike quality of the scene. John felt exhausted, and euphoric, and immensely content, all at the same time. He let his head drift down with gravity and rested his cheek on the crown of Sherlock’s skull, twisting his lips to press a light kiss into his hair. “You certainly waited, didn’t you?” he murmured into the other man’s curls, suddenly remembering the conversation he’d overheard all those years ago. “Let me get it out of my system, indeed.”
“You look like me,” said a voice, from across the room.
“She needs a new experience, John. And I believe I know just the thing.” And to John’s surprise, Sherlock whipped out his mobile and went over to the entertainment center.
As Anna stood pointing the gun, she realized that in all those years, Mycroft was not teaching her how to win at chess; he was teaching her about life. He was teaching her that there was something greater than the important players in her world, than the people that she loved. There was the game.
“Then, where is Anna’s father?” asked little Sarah, too innocently.
Yes, he was legitimately an axe murderer. Throwing axes, to be exact, a skill which he was very, very good at. He liked to tie up his victims and practice his aim by embedding an axe in the tree next to crucial body parts while they watched their lives flash before their eyes with every throw. And then he would get bored, and make a direct hit.
Sherlock’s mouth fell open. “What?”
Anna grabbed her fiddle and redeemed herself by playing a catchy jig, and pretty soon John was clapping and stomping along. Sherlock got so swept up in the music, too, that he fiddled along with her—hopping and spinning in place in a little dance to the tune.
“Sherlock, I have to. Mary’s adamant, and I haven’t seen my parents since I came back from Afghanistan—I have to get it over with.”
“Lestrade told me you wouldn’t let the paramedics treat you,” John explained, quietly. “I understand if you don’t want them to…” His voice wavered. “Look, Sherlock, I know you. I know you would tell someone if you needed medical attention. That’s why I brought my things, just in case.” John gently pushed his bag forward, and Sherlock continued to watch it. “So I’m only going to ask you once… Do you need me to examine you?”
, doesn’t she?”
I wanted his mouth on mine and our limbs tangled together. I wanted to feel his pulse pounding in his neck with my lips, to experience the heat of his body next to my own, to hear the sounds he made when he was aroused and climaxing. We barely made it inside the front door before I attacked him. I didn’t even bother with kissing, I just shoved him into the wall and went straight for his belt. It was exhilarating and exciting and relieving, relieving most of all, that those feelings I’d had that first time had come back. That they could.
In an instant, Anna felt two muscular arms grab her from behind in a strong, incapacitating hold. She was so surprised that she shrieked and tried to squirm away, which caused the arms to hold her tighter. She looked wildly at Mycroft, blood pounding in her ears.
Sherlock stood a little straighter and cut Harry off with his quietest, most threatening voice. “Harriet, if I were you I would consider my situation before I attempted to continue. Who is the court to side with? A man famous for making this city a safer place, who has known Annalise since birth, who has already been taking care of her—or an estranged, alcoholic, self-destructive aunt?”
Sherlock had basically turned catatonic after John had caught him; not even acknowledging his presence, silent. John had even waved a hand in front of his dead-stare eyes, with no effect. “Sherlock, we need to talk about this. We need to. You can’t just pretend I’m not here,” he’d said, frustrated. Sherlock had gotten up from the couch and locked himself in his room.
John’s face grew hard. “And why the hell not?”
Mrs. Hudson blinked at him. “I just made you a plate this morning.”
It was a quick ride to St. Bart’s, though that could have very well been because John’s brain was buzzing violently with all that he’d discovered at Baker Street: Sherlock had raised Anna as his own. Sherlock was still in love with him. Sherlock was on his way to deducing something that would save them all. Now, if only John could help him, the way he used to.
“Oh, I know,” she admitted, wiping her eyes. “I couldn’t help it, though. If I had to root for someone… well, other than… it
“Jim Moriarty,” Anna read, and stared back at his face. He looked incredibly wicked. And like
John’s annoyance melted away, and his mouth considered a hopeful smile. “Actually, I am, yes.”
. Funny thing was he’d never even realized it was hot until Sherlock played it, perched on the edge of John’s chair, with his curls hung over the neck of the instrument and his elegant fingers drifting across the strings, pressing, sliding, bending, wavering. During the solo the detective bit down on one corner of his bottom lip and closed his eyes and yes, okay, John was zero percent right about anything. There was no bluff. Sherlock clearly liked rock and roll, maybe even worshiped it, because there was no way he could play like that if he didn’t.
“Yes please.”
John’s anger evaporated, and his eyes lit up. “Baker Street…”
I searched his face. “For…”
John’s pupils blew wide, and he let out a shaky breath. “God. Say that again.”
His brother sighed, heavily. “Deal.”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes and John winked. “What, then?”
“How does it feel?” I asked, at last. “When you’re in love.”
“If you didn’t want to turn me on,” John said, using the opportunity to kiss his way down my throat, “you shouldn’t have been so brilliant.” He slid his hand up to push my shirt out of the way, and put his lips on my collar bone. “It’s your own bloody fault, you know.”
Ella sighed. “John.” John jumped a little at his name. “What happened after?”
Sherlock lay back on the couch, the top of his head thumping against the wall. He stared at the ceiling and sighed.
—shock could also make you feel weak and dizzy and out of breath.
“Well… you’d escape. Go free.”
Sherlock smiled out of the corner of his mouth. “Off to bed with you,” he scolded at her, turning around.
He began to circle her. “You certainly got my attention. All those people, dead! Such a gruesome way to die, too. But you don’t care about all that, do you, Anna? You are ruthless. A natural-born killer… quite like your mother,” he added.
, again, with her.”
“I…” Sherlock began. “I don’t…”
“What did you mean for, then?” he snarled. “I told you I was in love with you. You kissed me. You wanked me right there—“ Sherlock pointed, for emphasis, to where the tea was already drying in a sticky amber stain, “on that wall. You told me you loved me, too. How did you
head when
“Can I, erm, come in first?” John asked, awkwardly.
“What?” John’s outrage was palpable. “Sherlock, that’s not healthy!”
. You don’t know the
John tucked his forefinger under my chin and tugged, silently asking me to stand. I did so, and he kept his hand where it was. He brushed my lips with his thumb, and stared at them before leaning in for another kiss. My heart beat wildly with anticipation.
. To get on top of it.” She narrowed her eyes, smirking.
loaning you his expensive headphones?”
, give me the bloody
Sherlock wondered, and leaned forward to support him.
, he thought.
“No!” Sherlock exclaimed, hopping forward to shut the door again.
.” Sherlock felt the surge of anger and fear he’d felt then, staring into John’s face and realizing it was going to be for the last time.
“And then?”
“After that, Sherlock decided he couldn’t go back to solving crimes. But he did need something to do, and he was tired of relying on Mycroft for all his spending money, so he went out and looked for a job. Can you imagine, Sherlock applying for jobs? The interviews?” Mrs. Hudson chuckled. “He was rubbish at it, of course. But one night Molly Hooper had us over for dinner, and he was complaining about his latest disastrous interview, and Molly said to him, ‘You should come to the morgue tomorrow morning—I’ll get you a job, no problem.’ So that’s what he did. He went down to St. Bart’s and Molly trained him to help with the autopsies. It’s a bit boring for him, I’m afraid, but he hardly ever complains. He stopped going to crime scenes, stopped putting himself in all that danger… I suppose he thought it was all worth it for little Anna.”
“Precisely the opposite,” answered Mycroft. "We want you to go after him.”
Sherlock stopped the grin and scolded her. “Annalise, we’ve discussed the—“
“She was your wife,” Sherlock spat. “You should have known everything about her. How could you even think of marrying someone without knowing
No, she didn’t know that.
Anna could spend hours there, if she was uninterrupted.
“Sherlock, listen.” Molly took a deep breath and set down the dish. “I never expected to compete with John Watson. I’d never want to; I wouldn’t stand a chance. He’s your…” she sought the right way to say it, “…
“Don’t be,” he interrupted. “It was the most logical assumption to make.” He stood awkwardly with his hands in his pockets.
“Hey!” John yelped, turning the front of his body toward the wall. “What the hell?”
“Anna’s, dear,” said Mrs. Hudson. “You know, you don’t have to give her
been talking about him, hadn’t I? I’d based my fake love on my relationship with him. Sure, I’d embellished that last bit, about how I wanted him but never said anything because he wasn’t gay, and so what good would it do to let him know if it would only cause trouble? That’s the part that wasn’t real. That’s the part I could deny. It wasn’t true.
“Of course you will, Annalise,” Moriarty replied calmly. “Because if you don’t, I’ll kill them both. And then
“John, I’m not going to go after you. What I want, it has nothing to do with you—or Sherlock, for that matter. You were both a means to an end, under Moriarty’s plan, but I no longer care to go along with his plan. As long as you keep out of the way, you’ll be free to live in peace.”
“I like to be prepared.” He stared at my hands. “Are you sure you’re okay with this?”
“This girl did not drown on a fishing boat.”
John took a breath to steady himself. “Okay. Was it… could it have pierced your skin?”
John had come home earlier than usual—hadn’t gone to the pub after work. That had been his therapist’s idea. “Maybe you should lay off the drinking,” she’d said, when he’d explained to her how he’d passed out in the chair, Sherlock had come home, tried to take care of him, then, of course, how they’d kissed.
“Please, Sherlock—“ Mary started, desperately.
“But I don’t
Sherlock scowled and stuffed his hands in his pockets. “And what about Lestrade’s sake?” he retorted. “What about
“But now they don’t belong to Mycroft anymore. They’re yours,” said Moriarty, his eyes growing impossibly darker. “Kill them, Anna. Murder them. Let it all out, I want to see everything. I want to see who you really
When Sherlock awoke, it was with a splitting headache and his wrists handcuffed and shackled to a concrete wall.
, he’d said. First. As in, before second. And second, in this scenario, was more kissing.
“If you say ‘I told you so,’" Sherlock said by way of greeting, “I’ll smother you to death with this blanket.” He pulled it up closer around his chin, staring at Mycroft from the couch.
John’s gaze flitted to them, in the middle of the room. “Plan B?” he murmured, looking back out the door again.
. But in all his time as a doctor John had seen many painful injuries, and he had learned firsthand that sooner or later, everyone screamed. It was just a matter of how much pain a person could endure before he or she lost control.
.” There was a malevolent glint in her eye that Sherlock was too far away to see; he couldn’t tell that she already knew the answer.
“Choose, Anna,” breathed Moriarty. “Shoot John, and Sherlock lives. Or keep John alive, and shoot Sherlock instead. It’s a simple decision: one,” he flipped one hand’s palm up towards Sherlock, “or the other.” He flipped the other towards John. “Whichever one you choose,” he added, closing his hands into fists, “I’ll let you both walk out of this building, scot-free.”
