The plan, as proposed by Ellen over Thanksgiving, is to spend the morning in the Queens Center to get the serious shopping out of the way, go back to the house to grab lunch, then head into the city to hit as many of the holiday landmarks and Christmas markets of Manhattan as possible. The timing part of the plan falls apart before they even get down to Elmhurst; Ellen floors it through a light Dean and Jody get caught at and then they can’t find parking spaces within three city blocks of each other, Ben dutifully holding Dean’s phone up like a Ham radio while Ellen swears then apologizes multiple times, Lisa keeping tabs on Jody through her own phone. Dean gives up on the lower levels of the garage and circles up, up, up to the top.
looking at each other, and maybe Dean has been too cavalier about this. He’d known, in an abstract way, that there was a chance they wouldn’t get along at first. But God, they’re barely acknowledging each other. Castiel has a tight frown slowly pulling his eyebrows in, and Sam is just staring blankly at the screen in front of him. What the fuck happened? When the fuck had there been time for
He tells Victor, “I got us a penthouse suite in the Harbor Hotel downtown,” followed by a cheesy lear just to watch the man’s eyes roll. “Their in-house restaurant is
Dean scans the clearing and the trees ringing it for any sign of life— parked cars, tire tracks, tackle, cooking utensils, tables, chairs. There’s nothing. Just a them and a big, big fire, in a perfect circle in the middle of the woods.
There are definitely dried peas in one of the pantries, and probably a ham hock around here somewhere. “Maybe. You think you can wait a couple hours to eat?” Dean says, already detouring to check.
Dean’s phone beeps on the seat between them, and before Dean can do more than look down Castiel slaps a hand over it and snaps, “
They are, at a rate that makes Dean laugh before asking, “Wait, are you serious?” He asks that question a few more times, then hangs up, does some searching online and in the yellow pages, and ends up calling them back and taking the smugly noted late reservation fee with gritted teeth.
“That or electrical problems,” Dean says, teeth grit tight against the chattering that wants to come again. He’s caked in snow to the crotch, now, and the wet spots on his jeans have frozen. Breaking through the snow crust with every step is winding him more quickly than he expected, too, and the exertion that should be making him warmer feels like it’s just leeching what little heat he has into the deep stillness of the forest. It’s not the coldest he’s ever been— not yet— but if the flickering light doesn’t belong to someone with central heating and clothes to spare, the Winchesters are going to be in serious trouble.
The mail comes every day at around eleven, but Dean’s gotten into the habit of checking it in the late afternoon.  Sometime after lunch, Missouri pushes a loaded cart into the bullpen. Dean barely notices her until she drops a long box on the desk next to him and sends loose paper and color tests flying.
“Wear whatever you like,” Dean says with malice aforethought. “Just be ready for something special.”
“Of course not,” Castiel says with some irritation, picking up his pace just a fraction. But he’s still not moving in anything like a hurry, and as they walk side by side his hands are fiddling with his collar and smoothing down the front of the hopelessly wrinkled trenchcoat, his tight-lipped gaze focused somewhere near the toes of his shoes.
“Ah, yes. My number is twenty-two,” she says, holding it up. “I only hope I’ll be as lucky as dear Castiel.”
He checks in with the crew while he gets dressed— Benny, whose kids got a half-day, and Victor, cozily ensconced in New Milton. Charlie isn’t answering her cell, but the away message on her work address is a frowny face surrounded by unicode snowflakes; if she had enough time to put that up, she’s probably okay. He adds a headset to his flannel-lined jeans, heavy boots, and the bulky black parka the Queens crew had gotten him when he first moved to Massachusetts. It still looks new because it’s not exactly stylish, but it has a hood and it’s rated to negative twenty five degrees. He heads outside to begin clearing the front walk and a car-wide path from the garage to the gate.
muttered under his breath, but it’s almost two AM so Dean will give him a pass and a chance to do better in the morning. They pour him into bed in the most finished guest bedroom, the one Dean has been calling Sam’s in his head for months now: soft grey walls and white molding, built-in bookshelves with a windowseat and an incredible view of the sea. Dean collapses facedown on his own mattress and doesn’t move until Castiel gently rolls him to the side of the bed to get under the comforter. Utterly exhausted, Dean strongly considers just camping out on top for this one. The bed’s comfortable as-is, and his eyes feel sandpapered.
“I don’t want a frigging penguin,” he mutters as Castiel lets him use his clothes to pull himself up, staying rock-steady on his skates throughout. “How are you
“Yes,” Castiel says darkly, ignoring Dean’s squawk of betrayal. “Did he always sing to himself so much, too?”
The streets in this part of Queens are narrow, lined with big trees and little houses. There’s no parking for miles, so they’ll walk the half-hour it takes to get from the Roadhouse to Bobby’s place. Ellen and Bobby prop up opposite ends of Murray Hill, fighting the gentrification creeping up from the south by keeping 5¢ wings on the menu at the bar and letting the junkyard’s landscaping get gnarlier every year, respectively. Jody’s in a neighborhood closer to Little Neck— Annie’s still in school and the public district there is better.
Rumsfeld gets fed and watered, and Dean checks the rest of the house, locks the door to the garage and cranks up the thermostat a few degrees before heading upstairs. When he gets to the end of the hall, the bathroom light is on and the sink is wet. Castiel’s toothbrush is out on the counter, their toothpaste laid next to it, mangled like always.
The snow, powder over old, icy buildup, is up around Dean’s ankles on the roadbed and immediately to his knees as they ease off of it and into the transitional brush. Their Maglites are totally dead, another stroke of luck, but Dean has an LED crank light that gets brighter as he winds it, his bare knuckles already smarting with the new exposure. Sam follows a few feet behind with his own LED, trudging through Dean’s footprints. It’s slow going, the footing uncertain and the bushes and saplings dragging at their clothes— in Sam’s case, hair— until they break through into the true woods.
Dean’s in the broad hallway that connects the smaller bedrooms to the sitting room and main suite when he feels it, a subtle draft of colder air. He slowly turns in place, looking up and down, and sees Rosie crouched next to the door to what Dean thinks is a linen closet. She meows piteously when she sees him looking, reaching under the door to scratch at the floor inside.
Dean tries to get a one-two-three, one-two-three rhythm going but they’re both painfully bad at it, bad enough it has him laughing too hard to properly sing the next few lines.
Turns out waffles and bacon works just as well, and Sam and Cas talk like normal, slightly nervous people who haven’t really met but really want to like each other, and Dean steals the crossword out from under Castiel’s elbow when he isn’t looking. He doesn’t have a scrapbook, but there’s a secret filing cabinet in the upstairs office with a flattened cupcake box and a crumpled newsletter where he thinks it might keep just fine.
They do eventually make a fire, after Castiel manages to drag the corduroy couch from the den into the library and down the east wing to the fireplace. Dean watches him use up most of their matches and all of their old newspaper from the cushions, feeling well-fucked and lazy with it.
When they pull out of the parking garage, the first small flakes have already started falling. They’re not huge, but Dean has to put the windshield wipers on after just a few seconds, and ground, the buildings, even the air is turning pearly gray around them. Victor could have the right idea.
“Nah.” Dean smiles at him as he takes his foot off the break and starts to coast down the driveway. “It’s all good. Whatever you want to get me, even if it’s from Toys-R-Us.”
everyone else is merrily shooting around on, arms out wide and eyes fixed on the shiny blades strapped to his feet. It’s only December, and there are bubbles and sticks poking up through the ice this close to the shore, and oh God. He does not want to do this.
The sender is J. Mills, the postmark from New York two days ago. The paper feels cheap but that’s Jody all over, the kind of woman who has so many people on her list she buys a 50-pack at Walgreens and just signs her name below the generic greeting inside. Dean knows, he’s seen her do it.
Dean puts his eyes back on the road but lays an arm across the seat, hand conveniently at just the right height to ruffle Castiel’s hair. “Yeah?”
Sam might have been frisky in baggage claim, but that fades fast as they get back to the elevators and parking garage. The first Boston breeze has him pulling in all his gangle and whining about the cold; Dean gives Cas the keys and tells him to start the car warming while their hothouse Sasquatch crawls into the backseat.
Although they carpool more often than not, especially in the evenings Dean sometimes has events and client calls that pull him away from the office and out of range for Castiel to get a ride home. The man got around perfectly well before Dean and the Impala rode into his life, as he often likes to remind him, but there are some days the T, a long bus ride, and an extended walk just aren’t the best option. Dean checks his phone, but there’s no missed call, even though he’d mentioned the forecast and offered to skip his last meeting. Stubborn ass.
Inside is a monster snowblower, four feet wide with heated hand grips and an electric start. “Oh my God, it’s fucking gorgeous,” Dean says, petting its bright yellow side, and does not stop saying it until Castiel threatens to walk to the bus stop again if they don’t leave soon— Dean’s cue to turn and kiss him breathless.
piping bright and cheery from the CD player at her desk. Dean picks it up in a whistle, and Missouri gives him a rare smile as he passes her.
It doesn’t phase him. There’s a slightly glassy look in her eye that Dean recognizes from the tumultuous few months they’d spent dating, on and off, and he knows better than to engage. “Hey, better pay attention. They’re going through numbers pretty quickly.”
“Hey,” Dean says, trying a smile when Castiel’s eyes lift grudgingly to his. “Hey, c’mere a second, would you?”
None of them, not even Jo— who can and does give New York cabbies a run for their money— wants to drive into Manhattan on a December weekend. The whole crowd drops their stuff at Bobby’s and walks down to the Flushing station to take the 7 line instead, popping out on Fifth Avenue and immediately hitting a human wall around the best of the department store windows.
Dean points at the waiting pile of carrots and onions next to the cutting board on the kitchen island. “All yours.”
Dean holds up a hand from under the front bumper, then begins the slow and wiggly process of extracting himself from under the car on three stiff and one missing creeper wheel. It’s exactly the wrong time of year to be buying things for himself, but if Cas doesn’t take any of the hints dropped in the last few weeks Dean’s going out at 12am December 26 to get a new one.
Dean is dutifully civil and circumspect through the rest of the parking process, even to the dickbag PT Cruiser that steals his primo space next to the elevators. Dean’s always hated those cars, the ugly, slanty little bastards. He throws the Impala into park and is out of the car in the next half second, then has to wait what feels like an ice age for Castiel to unbuckle his seatbelt, open the door, slide his legs out and stand.
Dean laughs in earnest this time, and pulls Castiel’s scarf out of the man’s coat pocket to drape it around his neck. Cas forgets stuff like that, and the chilly wind is making Dean’s cheeks sting. “Well, I can tell you from painful past experience that that’s a tough crowd to please. You did good, Cas.”
Dean, very familiar with Charlie’s elastic sense of time, goes across the room to where Kevin sits hunched over a tablet with enormous industrial headphones perched on his head. He jumps like a startled cat when Dean touches his shoulder, then pulls one side away from his head. If he’s listening to his own music, Dean can’t hear it over squealing electric guitars.
“Come on, Cas, it’s a surprise,” Dean says to his husband, who on December 30 has only just thought to ask him. “I can’t tell you yet, that would ruin it.”
It’s past nine and dark as pitch outside, rain and tiny hailstones breaking against the windows as Dean collects the shoe and continues down the hall. He finds the other shoe, leather saturated to the point of shapelessness, up against the baseboards in the kitchen like it was kicked off with vigor. He follows the trail of wet into the smaller butcher’s pantry and to pants, a shirt, an undershirt, and two socks draped over the huge copper sinks. The tie droops from a faucet; the trenchcoat, sodden and dripping sullenly, is on a big metal hook Dean sincerely hopes was reserved for cookware.
Strangely, though, once his first reaction had worn off… it didn’t matter. He’d laughed, made a quip about settling down in his old age, and gone home barely ten minutes later to destroy his kitchen by teaching his husband how to make merengue. It was an ultimately fruitless but very enjoyable rest of his evening, and he did it without regret or a single second thought. It feels a little bit miraculous; he doesn’t care about any of it, least of all what Bela Talbot thinks. Bela only knows what he used to be. Bela doesn’t have Cas.
“I promise to be as quick as possible,” Dean says. “I need a few things from the store before it closes.”
“With the rest of your junk. And you’re welcome,” Missouri says. She turns and walks away before he can say another word.
Castiel looks down at himself, like he’s just noticing Ye Olde Christmas Shoppe has come and crapped on his clothes. “It’s… a holiday sweater.”
Castiel’s face doesn’t fall, exactly. He just looks suddenly and strangely agreeable, like he didn’t really expect to get what he wanted. Like he’s used to it. “Ah. That makes sense.”
“Well, yeah,” Dean says, turning his snatch into a controlled grab and immediately swiping up to the last messages from Sam as he starts walking. There’s a delay in the following footsteps, and Dean’s paying just enough attention to notice. Hee over his shoulder, though he keeps his feet moving. “Cas?”
“Not me,” Bobby mumbles, hat tipped low over his eyes. “I finally got this damn thing to recline all the way.”
Half an hour or so later, while he’s waiting for the soup to thicken, Dean wanders over to the table and starts to pick through the mess. It’s things and places he’s never heard of, the Smithsonian and Edmund’s Scientifics, art supplies and homegoods and a Great Courses class listing that could double as a phone book. Down at the bottom is a fairly sizable Cabela’s mag, complete with Santa flyfishing on the cover, and slotted between the pages is a white envelope.
By this time, Dean’s gone and gotten more eggnog and has a glass to pass to Castiel when he finally returns to their out-of-the-way corner by the coats. His face is still various shades of burgundy, and he’s carrying the garment box like it might be diseased.
She’s just ribbing him, the same as she would Dean or Sam, but Castiel stiffens immediately. “I’m awake,” he says, eyes flicking around the room. “Apologies.”
“We need to join the dance,” the man says, extending his hand again. He has clear, almost crystalline eyes and an angular face, a jawline to cut marble. His hair is short and he’s cleanshaven; somehow, Dean was expecting a beard. At least a ponytail. “Drop the knife.”
“Hate this drive,” Dean mutters, fifteen minutes into the claustrophobic crawl. He taps the steering wheel and checks his mirror, looking for an opening— any opening— in the left lane. “Hate coming here, period. Worst airport in America, swear to God.”
“No, you’re right.” Castiel smiles faintly and pushes away from the sink, moving past Dean and into the bedroom. “We’ll need something more manageable. We’re still working on so many things.”
Like she was just waiting for them, Charlie is immediately at his side and pawing through the selection, cracking a tupperware container to sneak a cookie. “You’re late!” she informs them with her mouth full of crumbs, powdered sugar streaking her chin and green sweater. “
,” Dean gasps, and tries to reciprocate, but Castiel is drawing back with an intent expression and eyes heated enough to singe.
There’s a Toyota with out of state plates driving a bit too slowly and Dean swings out and floors it, muscling back into the exit lane a hundred feet down the tunnel to honking and angry gestures from two rows of cars.
“And what is the plan, then?” Castiel says, eyes dropping to the giant, lopsided bow Dean’s tied around the apron. He slides a few fingers under the lacy fabric and tugs lightly.
of every last person we meet today, Charlie included,” Dean says with a deep, deep sigh, and goes to steal a pair of socks.
“Fuck,” Dean says shakily. “Yeah, I’ll fucking dance. You want the cha-cha slide or the hokey-pokey?”
“I am very, very grateful,” Castiel says quickly. “So very grateful. In fact— would you like to open something early, Dean?”
“Just because the romance is gone from your lives doesn’t mean the rest of us are dead inside,” Dean grouses, but he pulls out his billfold and puts a five in. He’ll probably do at least that much damage before Christmas.
“You gonna show me?” Dean asks under his breath, smiling sideways at him, and Castiel shakes his head violently.
Dean risks another peek above the sheets. The man is sitting up against the headboard, looking out the low window by the bed, barechested and tousle-haired. Dark blue paint is still smeared over his throat and collarbones, lines as thick as a fingertip drawn over his Adam's apple to his bottom lip. There’s a steaming mug of coffee on the wide windowsill, along with a discarded crown of evergreen and bright berries. Outside, the tops of trees touched with hoarfrost stretch out as far as the eye can see under a perfect, cloudless sky.
“Hey, I work on the car when it needs work!” Dean says, helplessly bedecked with cats, pursuing them to the bottom of the stairs.
He goes upstairs with two mugs steaming in his hands, anticipating a surly welcome from either the upstairs office or from under several layers of bedding in the master suite. The office is empty, though, and the bedroom vacant except for Nabokov and Rosie’s calico sprawl across the sheets. The cats blink sleepily at him as he settles the mugs on the already-crowded bedside table, and Rosie accepts the stroke he gives her with a yawn and flexing paws. She’s the last kitten standing, the rest of them safely rehoused with friends before Halloween, and she’s a bit of a spoiled brat.
Friday morning, there’s a tall, wrapped box on the stoop with a velvet bow Dean recognizes from the attic draped across it. Castiel lets him walk right into it, and stays poker-faced as Dean shoots him questioning looks and slowly tears off the paper.
“Sleepy,” Dean says, leaning over the bed to grab his pillow. Castiel had thrashed a bit at the end. “We were up until two last night with the oven, remember?”
. I know this is very important to you, and I— I don’t need coddling. This won’t be any different from Thanksgiving.”
The holiday gala is just around the corner, and we have assembled an enthusiastic party planning team eager to transform Conference Room 1950 into a festive space next Friday afternoon.  You should have received an Outlook invitation (see attached), which we encourage you to share with your clients and close contacts outside the agency.
is being the unreasonable one here, like Dean is raining on everyone’s parade by thinking maybe the essay or whatever can wait a little longer if it’s already waited this long. “I really had to beg for this extension and the flights weren’t exactly great for concentration. I can pound this out in a couple hours and then we can do whatever you want, I promise, but I really need—”
The next change in their position forced Dean to his back and Cas pulled out, leaving Dean feeling bereft in a heart-wrenching way. He moaned, gritted his teeth at how desperate he sounded, and then moaned again when Cas pushed back inside. Fuck, that feeling alone, of getting Cas back where he belonged, was almost enough to give Dean the push he needed, but only barely.
Cas laughs, feeling elated for some reason. “I suppose that’s true. Today I was thinking of watering my lawn since it’s been unusually warm lately but I can’t seem to get the sprinklers going. I think it’s busted,” he can’t help but keep smiling when Dean looks so attentively at him. “So I guess I better adult my way to the hardware store and buy a new one.”
He can feel the thick scent of his Alpha arousal permeating the room and Dean groans deeply, grabbing his dick through his jeans and just rubbing for a moment.
The sergeant shakes her head sadly. “Oh, yeah. Throat torn out, the whole nine. Some kind of cannibal crap.”
Sensually slow, Cas dragged his lips across Dean’s cheek, speaking his next words against Dean’s open mouth.
Cas shouldn’t think about that, shouldn’t pursue the thought, but of course he can’t stop himself. Because honestly, if Dean hadn’t been jealous about Pam flirting with another man, then what had he been jealous of in the grocery store? The answer seems painfully obvious now and yet Cas can’t allow himself to reach for it.
Cas lit the tip and puffed a few times before slipping the lighter back in the package. Camel, Turkish gold.
Cas’ mouth opened as if he were about to say something and his eyes wavered, but instead he just hugged Dean tightly and kissed the side of Dean’s neck, making goosebumps erupt all over Dean’s body.
Dean stopped bobbing his head so that he could nod as best he could while still having his mouth full of Cas’ dick. He attempted to swallow with it still in his mouth and the clumsiness of it made Cas groan.
“Maybe so,” Cas agrees casually because he’s been told this before but honestly, he doesn’t care. Does, in fact, find it kind of amusing when incidents like this happens.
He works swiftly at applying the cream, completely ignoring Dean’s nipples which moments before had seemed like proof of the boy being chilled but now stand out as something completely different to Cas, instead rubbing lightly over every bruise he can see.
Castiel whips his head up. “That’s not true,” he states heatedly, making Dean’s eyes widen. “You have friends and family. What would Sam say if you rushed out on him to put yourself in danger when you were already injured? Do you think
A shiver went through Castiel then, a heated chill that travelled down his spine and pooled low in his abdomen. He parted his lips, very much intending to say something that would make Dean crawl off him, but nothing came out. Dean licked his lips and that was all it took.
“It’s a wonder he’s even alive, if you think about it,” Balthazar noted, tone much more professional than Castiel felt. “Or perhaps it’s
He hastened to get out of the bathroom, feeling ashamed, and was actually surprised that Sammy was so quiet about the whole thing. If anything, Sammy seemed to be contemplating something and that usually spelled trouble, so Dean tried to ignore him.
Cas grabbed Dean harshly but never enough to hurt, just cradling his body and holding Dean down with the solid bulk of his own body. Fucking hell, Dean was so goddamn on edge he couldn’t breathe. Weeks of sexual frustration caught up to him, coupled with Cas,
Ah, this one was clever, more so than Castiel had given it credit for. He smiled and tightened his cardigan around himself.
Cas clearly fought a smile, the corners of his lips quirking as he regarded Dean for a heartbeat. “Come on.”
again, where he slept and possibly masturbated and like last time Dean had been in it, the room smelled like Cas. Not a lot so it was overbearing and weird, but enough that Dean wanted to drown in the scent.
What would that give, though? Wouldn’t it be healthier to just avoid the topic since it most likely meant nothing to Cas? But what if it didn’t? And what if it didn’t mean nothing to Dean? Fuck, he really had to think about that. It had felt great, and maybe he wanted more, maybe he could get more if he pushed for it, but where would that leave their friendship? Cas wasn’t a toy for Dean’s pleasure.
Dean thought hard for a moment. “If I didn’t make a mess,” he patted his hands down his thighs and flattened his fur. “And I’m clean.”
Yes, in many ways Castiel had wanted to hate Dean after that, but all he’d felt was longing after Dean left him. And then, after a rocky start, Dean had come back to him and now Castiel can’t call him anything else but his boyfriend. Dean wants to use the term “lover” because that sits better with him, but Castiel feels that’s too close to mistress and even though Castiel had committed adultery with Dean those first few times, he is well and divorced now and doesn’t like to be reminded of how he had felt going behind Daphne’s back. Or how she had made him feel when he’d told her the reason he wanted a divorce.
Cas had told Dean there were different kinds of angels and looking at how Cas acted, Dean was starting to suspect Cas was more of the observer kind, than the engaging kind as he’d first assumed considering how well he adapted to Dean’s presence. That was actually one of the reasons he’d thought to still live out in the forest, even after learning that Cas could look human, rather than force the angel to conform to human society.
“Don’t what?” Castiel said in clear mockery. “Touch your dick? Aww, princess want to come on my cock alone? Well, that can be arranged.”
He reaches up with one hand to finger his nipples, but his hand gets tangled in the coat’s arm and he opens his eyes, holding up the sleeve to look at it as his strokes slow. To think that such a normal thing as a trench coat can hold so much importance to him. He realizes of course that it’s because of Cas, but it’s still funny to him.
“Cas!” Dean exclaimed then, high-pitched, and in the next second his hole locked down around Castiel, milking him as the little demon came again, untouched and all over his own stomach.
Cas’ whole body trembled, and Dean easily embraced the man and pulled him down on the bed with him, curling his body around Cas’ spent one.
Dean couldn’t help but grin mischievously as he leaned in to rasp against Cas’ ear. “Then I would like to have your hard dick in my mouth. To feel the weight and taste of it on my tongue, and to hear you groan as I lick you root to tip.”
“How cliché,” he muttered, eyes sweeping over the scene below. It looked loud and sweaty, just like up here. Maybe the grass wasn’t so much greener on the other side after all.
“It’s just that angels are dangerous, right?” he mumbled, putting the bowl on the ground beside the angel and turning to go fetch a rag to soak in the pond. “I thought for sure you were going to kill me, and maybe my whole village. But I helped you anyway so…” he looked at the angel just as he dunked the rag. “So I guess all I’m saying is please don’t kill me or anyone else around here. Okay?”
serious,” he sighs and straightens, rolls his shoulders back. “I would like for you to stop coming here for visits. In fact, we should stop seeing each other in private at all.”
In the end he does a quick trip to check on his beehives and then returns inside again. He’s done preparing them for winter and by now only has to do routine checks for parasites and feed the bees and it’s thankfully easy work.
“Oh right,” she shakes her head fondly. “Still can’t believe you hooked up with someone at the freaking meet-and-greet, you’re so
Sam was on his feet, almost meeting them as they rode into camp and Dean suspected his perceptive brother had heard Creed’s heavy footsteps on the dry dirt path. Perceptive as he was, though, he hadn’t been prepared for the appearance of Cas and his eyes shifted to Dean’s face, eyebrows raised but Dean couldn’t be bothered to feel strange about what he had done, not after riding the whole way in silence with Cas’ arms around his waist and the man’s forehead against his neck.
. Felt like an eternity and there was no fucking stopping him now. He grabbed Cas’ hips and pulled the man into his thrust, sheathing himself in one go and making them both groan out loud.
“If I’d know that we would have done it in this instead,” he stated then and blew Dean’s mind. Sex in baby? Yes please! “But I suppose that doesn’t matter now.”
The question catches Castiel off guard and makes him smile widely. “Sure. On one stipulation,” he walks up to Dean, cupping the man’s impressive hard-on. “No pleasuring yourself in there.”
Dean’s senses were overwhelmed almost as soon as they walked into Gabriel’s house and he sat swaying at the dinner table after greetings had been doled out. Gabriel seemed to enjoy Dean’s gasps of delight and he presented each dish with a flourish, each more extravagant than the last.
His other hand wraps loosely around Dean’s cock, thumb rubbing leisurely up and down the underside and stroking precome back over his skin, almost soothing if it weren’t so fucking torturous. He kisses the protest out of Dean at the same unhurried pace, until the shuddery knot in Dean’s gut is painfully tight and he can’t stand it anymore. “I want,” Dean rasps against his cheek, thigh hitched urgently around Castiel’s hip, “Cas, please, I need—”
“The Wheel. I’ll make you one,” Castiel promises, setting the mug aside. “Next is Imbolc. Our observation of that feast day is considerably less strenuous, though it does focus more on… fertility.”
Dean swings the handle back a forth a few more times, getting the lever nice and loose. “Come on, let me celebrate a little here.”
Dean wakes up buried in flannel bedding so plaid even Bobby Singer would have winced. The fabric is soft and smells powerfully of woodsmoke, and he’s swaddled up to his nose; a good thing, since what little he can feel of the ambient air in the room seems as cold as the car was last night.
Dean doesn’t realize he’s been staring at her until Castiel touches his sleeve, and then he looks away as quickly as possible, meeting Castiel’s worried eyes.
“What the heck!” Lisa says, pointing suddenly, and Dean looks up and sees Jo and Ellen pointing back and laughing at them from a table inside of the Applebee’s.
Of course, that’s the moment Dean’s skate slips. He overcorrects to keep from landing on his ass and ends up dropping painfully hard on his hands and knees. Charlie starts to laugh and capsizes herself, starfishing across the ice on her back.
“Jesus,” Dean mutters, and slams the door closed. He pulls the beautiful black merino from his own neck and hands it to Castiel as he climbs into the driver’s seat. The Impala warms up slower than most. “
“Yes, so did most people,” Castiel tells him, lending his bodyweight to the process. “Is this helping?”
“Oh! You’re correct,” Castiel says, peering down at the newspaper in front of him. He picks up a pen and starts writing it into what Dean belatedly and with a titanic swell of relief realizes must be a crossword puzzle. The goddamn New York Times crossword puzzle.
“Sam’s plane landed ten minutes ago,” Dean says restlessly, edging up towards the parking garages with an impatient growl from the Impala’s engine. “He’s been in transit for the last fifteen hours, I don’t want him waiting around in baggage claim like little orphan Annie on a streetcorner.”
dean.winchester@talbotpartners.com; victor.henriksen@talbotpartners.com; benoit.lafitte@talbotpartners.com
The soup is good, and reheats well over the next two or three miserably rainy days. Castiel doesn’t say anything about the card, though Dean still winces every time it catches his eye, and over the next week he’s able to add few more— a homemade card from Charlie, an overtly Christian monograph from Missouri, and a couple of mass-printed and virtually identical season’s greetings from companies around town.
“Dean?” Castiel’s head appears in the doorway. He’s changed into sweatpants and a loose tee shirt. “Do you need help?”
you are,” he says, waving him over. “Come here, I found Aunt Amara’s Christmas things.” He immediately refocuses on the chest.
“Sam?” Dean can’t see him in the rearview mirror, and traffic is too tight to risk a glance. “Cas, he okay?”
Dean’s fingers get caught on some internal wiring when he tries, which is how they find out his sweater also comes with musical accompaniment.
They’re halfway through the second one— grenades tossed, hilariously green-screened ejector seat episode underway, McClane dying harder than ever—  when Dean gives in to drooping eyelids and rests his head against Castiel’s. “Hey. You still watching?”
Dean,” Castiel says, already scribbling. Sam leans over the island with his palm out for a high five, and Castiel absently reaches up and pats at the air around it while he writes the remaining letters; Sam grabs his wrist and shakes it instead.
“Okay. Good. Can I, uh, get some breakfast orders in then?” Dean says in increasing desperation. “Pancakes? Bacon?”
Becky tries a laugh, but starts inching backwards. “Hi Dean! It’s, um, it’s just for the holiday newsletter! You know. I thought it’d be great to get a picture of office celebrities in—”
“Hi, Castiel,” his brother says, and really, thank the baby Jesus for Sam: instead of looking confused or taken aback, there’s the dawn of real, obvious pleasure in his eyes, a growing smile as he takes the offered hand. “It’s Castiel, right?”
“Ugh, fine, I’m done,” Dean says, crawling out of the fireplace on his hands and knees. Castiel sets the laptop on the floor and pushes himself to his feet. He waits until Dean’s on his feet too, until he’s pulled off his gloves and dropped the disposable face mask on top of them, before he steps into Dean’s space.
He props it up on the otherwise bare counter next to the refrigerator, because what few magnets they have are holding up the township recycling schedule and a notice from Dr. Fitzgerald that the cat is due for teeth-cleaning. It looks kind of lonely, sitting there by itself, but Dean knows he can probably count on a few people at work and some clients to send more. Not family, probably; Bobby doesn’t believe in polite gestures like greeting cards, and Sam wouldn’t know one if it bit him on the ass.
“That’s true,” Castiel agreed, vowing to try and talk to Dean more about this. “Well, we should get back to the party before they come looking for us. Although,” he stopped himself as he was getting off the chair. “I have one more question. It’s about angelic magic.”
“I don’t want you to think badly of me,” Dean mumbles, strangely demure for how he’s been acting all evening.
“What happened with Raphael, then?” he pressed out, eager to change the subject back so he wouldn’t embarrass himself by saying something stupid.
“Yeah, it is,” he retaliates, confused now, hope for something he doesn’t know building inside him. “‘Cause the last I heard, you… you were in Heaven’s lock up.”
He feels a stab of anxiousness in his stomach at his own words, for a second fearing what he said was too much or lame, but it eases soon enough when Dean only moans again. Bit by bit, day by day, Dean’s presence is making Castiel’s social anxieties go away. He feels safe with the Omega, and how can he not feel sexy and desired when the whole room is already filled with the scent of Dean’s slick? That’s all for him and he can’t wait to satisfy his Omega.
“No,” Dean answered a bit too quickly to sound casual. “I wanna look at you. And not… not in a lewd way. I just wanna wrap my head around the fact that this is also
“I could help you,” Castiel suggests in a mumble, refusing to acknowledge how enticing it feels to have the Omega completely take over.
That made Dean puff out his chest and beam at Castiel as he gingerly pulled over Castiel’s plate. He took a few bites but then stopped, seemingly realizing something. His brow pulled tight and he frowned down at the food.
, if Dean had thought it’d been good before it was miles better when Cas pulled out and slammed back in, rolling his hips in waves, hot cock grazing that pleasure point inside Dean with every slide. Suddenly everything was too hot, and Dean strained to breathe properly, fervently pushing back, rolling with Cas.
“Did you call for me earlier?” Cas turned over, rolling to his back and Dean immediately snuggled up against the man’s side, tucking his head under Cas’ chin as best he could without hurting Cas with his horns. “I thought I heard something.”
No, it was Cas, Cas like this above him. Dangerous and with the potential to kill him but choosing to protect and cherish Dean instead. That was fucking hot, despite the goat’s blood Cas smeared on him.
Cas whines, body jerking, and in the next moment Dean feels a rush of warm wetness against his foot. He moans loudly, hand shooting down to grab the base of his dick to keep from coming because damn, he doesn’t want to miss a second of this.
He walks up to it, a rumbling purr tumbling out of him and Dean grins to himself. He busies himself with removing his own shirt and socks before stepping up to the Alpha, hugging him from behind. Cas jerks and turns in the embrace, mouth hot as he claims Dean’s in a possessive kiss. It’s unlike any kiss Cas has given him so far and Dean treasures it all the more for it.
“Yeah,” Charlie looks up with a sincere expression, eyes soft again. “Cas’ll go bananas over you in these.”
“Hell yeah, you’re good,” Dean says, not yet picking up on Castiel’s change. “Wanna step out of your—what’s wrong?”
“Dean,” he actually smells Cas’ happy scent before he sees the Alpha. Cas is smiling widely when he joins them in the hallway, wiping his hands on a kitchen towel. “I didn’t hear the door.”
“Is that a comment on your desperation or on my size?” Castiel chuckles and puts his hand back against Dean’s hole.
The heat between them grew quickly, Cas bobbing his head steadily and Dean’s breathing ragged as he watched this goddamn
That made Dean squirm again. “Maybe… next time, maybe M-Meg and me will…” he searched Cas’ eyes, trying to find the right answer, trying to make Cas see that Dean wanted to be good for him. “We could also be friends?”
It evolved into a game of endurance of sorts after those first, more innocent times and, perhaps not so surprisingly, it was Dean who first bent to the will of his libido.
Dean hadn’t seemed very upset by those news, though he hummed in thought and put his head on Castiel’s shoulder, curling against the man as they lay cuddling in bed that lazy Sunday morning in late January.
Two weeks went by, and Dean only saw Cas once, far away and talking to that blonde man again. But when Dean had approached, the two men had walked away as if they hadn’t seen him, and he’d been left standing there feeling alone and abandoned. He wanted to ask Cas, if they’d seen him and left because of that, or if it had just been coincidence, but he didn’t have the guts. And not only because it was a hard thing to ask, but also because Cas was once again not very inviting in his text conversations.
. A hunting accident? A slow and agonizing death on a fucking run-of-the-mill hunt, like a disposable pawn, like the blunt instrument he always knew he were, despite being told differently.
Dean woke in the middle of the night to a dull thud. It wasn’t very loud, but he felt it vibrate up through the ground. It barely woke him the first time it happened but a moment later, just as sleep was about to take him again, it happened once more and that made his eyes fly open.
Dean shuffled on his feet, desperate for the right time to cut in. He didn’t want to eavesdrop, but he was too close now, had walked too quietly, for it to seem like anything else. He should have called out for Cas as soon as he opened the door, damnit!
Sam combed a hand through his hair, remaining silent for so long Dean almost had time to fall asleep.
!” Lily wailed and threw herself down on the bed again, her whole world apparently destroyed. Castiel’s heart tore. He never wanted any of his pups to feel like this, but he would never force his other pup if she was uncomfortable either. He felt his inner Alpha run in a circle, upset.
In the end, mom had to help Dean with his hair. He did his best to flatten it, changed his mind and tried to make it spikey and edgy in contrast with his sharp suit. And changed his mind again and started over.
They stay in that position, Dean cradling Castiel to him, kissing and humping each other with slow, deliberate movements that drive Castiel to the brink faster than he likes to admit. He’s pent up, there’s no way around that, and his body has a Pavlovian response to Dean’s presence by now. No matter how much he loves just spending time with Dean, his body has also come to expect sex, and it’s honest in its own way, even when Castiel barely feels ready to admit to how he feels.
It was easier admitting that out loud than he’d thought and he smiled shyly when Cas grinned. Next he knew, Cas stretched out one leg, using that to push the coffee table out of the way and then he was up and off the couch.
After checking that he had everything he needed for his next day of classes, Dean went back to the bathroom to brush his teeth and then headed to bed, almost knocking his head on the big hook some previous owner of this apartment had put on the pillar next to the bed. It was an odd thing, something Dean had assumed had to have been used to hang some kind of flower basket, and something he’d thought he should remove about a hundred times.
Years of sleeping in the forest had made him wary in a healthy way, in that he had respect for the forest and its inhabitants, so it was pure instinct that his hand went under his pillow where he kept dad’s newly sharpened knife in a sheath. He slid off his blanket as quietly as he could and lifted the tent flap just as a third dull thud sounded.
Dean smiled positively lecherously at him but then stepped to the side when the girls joined them in the hallway.
She shows them a drawing of a grinning white face, almost like a skull, and Dean’s stomach swoops. He knows that face, has seen it a lot of times before, even though it’s not something that’s really come up during all these years. Frankly, Dean had hoped it never would.
That makes Dean moan and God, Castiel can feel Dean’s dick jumping against his side. Dean wants that too; he likes this too. Castiel’s hips won’t stop, he’s driving his dick mercilessly against Dean’s shirt and thigh, leaking profusely.
“Well,” Gabriel said after a moment (during which Castiel was kind of panicking). “You’ve always been fascinated with otherworldly creatures, right?”
Cas stumbled as soon as he didn’t have the buoyancy of the water carrying his weight, his walking crooked and cumbersome as he made his way up to the patch of grass where he’d slept last night.
“I’m…” the kitchen chair makes a scraping sound when Dean takes a seat at the breakfast table. “Sorry I came here in the middle of the night.”
Dean turns in the direction of his voice, his face lighting up with a wide grin, and he leaves the customer with only a curt “excuse me”. Castiel feels perverted satisfaction about that and when Dean comes close enough, coffee mugs in hand, he pulls the man even closer to give him a kiss on the mouth.
Dean reaches out with his other hand and scrapes his blunt fingernails through the scruff on Cas’ cheek. “So goddamn hot, you have the bluest eyes. And your jaw and your
That actually makes Cas chuckle and Dean about breaks. Why isn’t Cas coming over to him? Fuck it, Dean can’t wait for the invitation any longer, he needs this.
“Well, it could be that it works on humans and other cryptids but not regular animals?” Balthazar suggested, eyes shining with curiosity as he watched Dean on the opposite side of the table. “Or maybe because he’s…” he tipped his head and Castiel nodded, no need to say the words “half human” out loud and make Dean upset. “Maybe that has an effect?”
He smiled to himself as he approached the frantically raking demon. Dean’s little tail was in a state of agitation, frazzled and absolutely adorable. Dean was also largely covered in dirt and leaves, since he refused to wear clothes.
to say out loud to another person. Sure they had only met once but could this be it for him? Dean didn’t really know, hadn’t actually been in love with someone before and anyhow thought it might be too soon. But he really felt in that moment, looking at Cas’ soft expression of genuine happiness, that given the chance he could definitely fall for this man. This probably ten years older, broken, beautiful man could really be Dean’s to love and fuck and laugh with and he wanted it, much more than he ever thought he would.
It wasn’t hard to leave the party, a lot of people had already left at this point, the hour after all very late. What was hard was to leave with his dignity since his dick was most likely visible in his poor jeans but fuck if Dean cared right now. He was high on desire, and he just grinned dumbly when he and Cas waved goodbye to the others and hastened out of the apartment.
Cas looks adoringly at Dean as he all but stuff his cheeks with the chips. “I’m glad everything worked out.”
was cool. Castiel’s cryptozoologist side wanted to shout that from the rooftops, a mythological creature thought he was
, y’know? And your mind just goes…” he squeezes his eyes shut, turning his face to the heavens and shakes his fists. “Boom.”
His body jerked hard when he realized he wanted that. A shiver went down his spine, pleasure licking at his groin and making his hair stand on edge. Turning, he buried his face against Cas’ neck, breathing in the surprisingly clean scent of the angel.
His blunt answer stumped Dean, Castiel could see it on the man’s surprised face and he smiled smugly. That made Dean laugh again and Castiel felt a twinge in his chest at how much he actually liked that sound.
Dean looks taken aback, clearly not expecting to hear that. “Well,” he mutters, stretching his other arm and drawing Cas’ attention to the fact that he’s still holding Dean’s elbow, even with the distance between them. He drops it as casually as he can. “It’s not like I didn’t get a few punches in myself. I ain’t no weakling.”
Castiel spared the man a glance. Scruffy, barrel-chested, nice face. Dean sure knew how to pick handsome friends, Castiel would give him that. But they all paled in the face of Dean’s appearance.
“You know,” Gabriel said, his most inviting smile in place and Castiel frowned down at his brother. “If you like apples I make the best apple pie in the state.”
The four men looked furious and as if they wanted the handsome man to follow them, but he just ignored them, drank his beer, and looked at the TV, cool as all that. Dean felt his stomach twist with something close to arousal and when the four men shuffled angrily out of the bar, Dean made his move.
And then they were inside, and it looked exactly like Castiel remembered, only smaller, somehow. Of course, some of that was due to him being bigger, but it was also partly because the bushes had been allowed to grow more wildly. He’d always wondered, as he got older, if the ring of bushes had been planted and planned by humans or if they had just grown like that on their own and someone later had brought the short bench for people to rest on. Either way, the bushes created a small sanctuary in the dark forest and he’d always felt at peace and protected there.
“Split pea?” Castiel asks hopefully as they cross the kitchen together, Dean carrying Castiel’s bulging briefcase, his own sleek messenger bag slung over Cas’ shoulder. “Do we have the… peas? And things?”
4. Okay, so, I realize that an actual ad agency of this caliber MOST LIKELY would have a fancy party A) outside of their own damn building and B) where their employees didn't have to bring their own food like goddamn; however C) my only real job has been with the government and everything is potluck with the government because TAXPAYERS, and therefore D) I can not be held responsible for my inaccuracies
The Impala coasts to a stop at the side of a narrow road, down in the bottom of what would have been a holler if they were anywhere near Kentucky or the Virginias.  These woods are colder, snow mounded up under their trunks and blowing in dry, sparkling drifts across the unmarked lane, and they haven’t seen so much as a rusted-out mailbox in ten miles. The asphalt ribbon spooling up the mountain is the only sign of civilization.
This is how Dean gets a fantasy fulfilled he didn’t even know he had: Castiel making snide remarks about exactly what kind of telework Dean is capable of while he gently strips him and pushes him into the bathroom, installing him in the grand old tub Dean has never used. The porcelain is
“We had a lake like this, at our lodge in New Hampshire,” Castiel says distractedly, leaning closer as Dean makes another shaky push. “Anna and I spent winter breaks there for years.”
His loving husband promises him the finest of Campbell’s tomato and more, though the grilled cheese takes a bit longer after the remnants of Castiel’s first attempt set off the smoke alarm. Dean is pulling his boots off in the mudroom when he hears it, and tracks a bunch of melting snow into the kitchen just in time to see Castiel submerge the smoking pan and all its contents in the sink.
“Don’t die out there, brother,” Benny yells after him, and Dean heads straight for the stairs at the northeast corner of the building and trots all the way down to Castiel’s floor, where there are already people gathering in the corridors and chattering excitedly.
Anna comes to the middle of her graceful figure eight and turns smoothly in place, a pirouette worthy of any ballerina. “Come on, Dean! It’s much more fun once you’ve got a bit of space.”
He starts to sit up, but Dean holds on and puts his lips to his ear. “Hey, it’s cool,” he says. “If you’re that tired, do you want to leave?”
“Oh, fine. Always wonderful to see you,” Dean lies, because he’s not an idiot and the woman has her grandfather wrapped around her little finger. He accepts the light hug and very continental air kisses she presses on him with the same superficial warmth, and when they part they smile knowingly at each other. They were always too alike to be friends, though they’d managed other things.
The bed moves next to Dean, dipping and then rising as Castiel leaves it. Cas is always wandering away somewhere on mornings like this, and it’s just not fair.
Dean hasn’t actually heard a peep out of Cas since the pies were declared cool enough to eat, which in this house meant cool enough to provoke a small melee in the kitchen. He cranes his head forward to check, and sure enough, Castiel has his eyes closed and his face turned into the couch back. Dean can feel the slow, measured rhythm of his breathing through the pillow, the heat of his body through denim and cotton, and there’s no reaction when Dean runs a hand up his arm.
As soon as the office emptied out, Dean had put his phone on shuffle and propped it up on a project binder next to his keyboard. The song it’s playing now is mellow and melancholy, something about bells and peace on earth.
Rosie immediately makes a run for it, and Dean grabs her before she gets to the first tread. “Hold up. If I see a lamppost or a dude with goat legs, you and I are locking this door and barricading it shut,” he tells her as she wiggles in protest, and braves the first few steps. “Cas?”
Traffic is even worse leaving work. As they pull up to the house, Dean says, “We’re running a little late, but let’s try to be ready to go around eight. You can have first shower.”
“What a— gendered slur,” Charlie says, staring after her. “I mean, she smells incredible, but that is deeply uncool.”
When he turns to look behind him, at the way he and Sam had come, he nearly trips into the fire backing away. The not-fire looks more malevolent up close; something about the way it eddies at the border of the grass makes him think of hands, clawing, grasping, greedy.
The knife-edge of wind that slices across Dean’s face as he cracks open the door is almost enough to make him change his mind, but he was starting to shiver even inside the car— they need to get under something better than American steel on wheels. He hears Sam swear ripely from the windward side of the car, but it’s followed by a door slam and the crunch of his footsteps. There’s nothing to do but follow suit.
“Two words: drag ball,” he says to Kevin, starting to really get into it. “I think there are extra tickets if you want?”
Castiel is still shaving when Dean wanders into the ensuite the next morning, barechested and damp from the shower.
Castiel fixes him with a red-cheeked glare, but slowly straightens and takes a step towards the bed. Dean snags him as soon as he’s within grabbing range, reeling him in so he can get out the worst of the chuckling with his head on his chest.
Fifteen minutes later, Dean gets back in the car with empty hands and ice in his fucking eyebrows. “Get the map out,” he says through chattering teeth, sticking numb fingers under his arms.
“Probably,” Dean admits, leaning in for another. His mouth is warm but the tip of his nose is like ice, and it makes Dean laugh softly and kiss that too.
“Goddamn it,” Dean sighs, and Castiel turns to glare at him. “No, no, it’s great. We should keep it there, and, uh.”
“It should be easier once we get on the highway,” Dean says, just as Ben drags Castiel into the foyer carrying two thermoses of coffee and his coat still undone.
” Dean yells after them, Nabokov’s diesel purr rumbling against his chest. “It’s Christmas in five days! No one should be working! Or writing papers!”
Dean climbs down and moves the ladder two more times before he’s at the corner of the house, wedged between two overgrown juniper bushes and stretching to the limits of his balance.
It’s simple white lights— nothing red or green, hung in straight lines with no complicated patterns, but the warm gleam is soft and welcoming, casting the house in a dreamlike glow. A few rooms are lit but from here the windows are mostly dark, Dean’s dollar-store candles flickering merrily on the sills. Dean and Castiel stand in silence in the middle of the courtyard, gazing up at their house with something like wonder.
“Yeah you,” God Dean wanted to touch Cas’ skin. Soft and tanned, stretched taut over lean muscles, it was the perfect skin and that thought was weird but Dean stood by it. “It’s your kink.”
Dean takes Castiel’s hand when they reach the small stone steps leading up to the front door. He squeezes it tightly and gives Castiel a loving smile before promptly opening the door and stepping inside. Castiel hasn’t said anything but he’s ridiculously happy that Dean offered to come and pick him up for this. He feels remorse that he didn’t do the same for the Omega, especially considering that it was Michael that ended up getting the door that evening…
. Dean’s face flushed hot with shame and he pinched his lips shut, staring straight at Cas as the human obviously tried not to laugh.
Cas yet again feels his resolve crumble in the face of Dean’s determination. The air between them feels heated, static with sudden anticipation.
Cas almost fell asleep on the way home and Dean thought that wasn’t so weird. They guy had been through the meat grinder tonight and Dean was more than happy to help Cas settle in for the night, which was just what he ended up doing when they got to the house.
Dean’s eyes flew open, and it felt like an ice bucket had been upturned over his head. “What?!” he nearly shrieked, twisting and turning on the table to see the wall clock that was mounted over the door. “No!”
“Yeah, I guess it is, it’s just…” he sighed harshly, leaning forward to put his elbows on his knees. “I don’t want to mess things up. I feel so stupid and childish around him, I-I don’t know what to do.”
So he was content with just fingering around the hole, getting to know it and how it felt to touch it, as Cas continued jerking their cocks together, the water washing away the evidence of their enthusiasm.
Truth be told, if Dean had been adventurous, he could probably have gotten himself a drink with a fake ID. His swagger and good looks usually enough to warrant him a pass in most instances. But Dean wasn’t really here for the alcohol.
Castiel has never initiated a text conversation with a stranger in his life. “Y-yeah, I can, I can do that… I—” he gulps and there’s just no way Dean doesn’t catch Castiel’s nervous scent.
“Good morning, soldier,” Cas smirked and stroked Dean leisurely, making Dean’s hips twitch. Fucking hell he was hard, how long had Cas even been at it? “So is this all for me or do you need to take a piss?”
This continues for the better part of the week and Dean of course grows tired of it because why wouldn’t he? Before the break it was Dean who avoided Cas, but he did it by not even deigning Cas with a glance, Cas does it by acting like a bumbling buffoon and he wonders what brought this side out of him. The answer is of course crystal clear but Cas refuses to acknowledge anything. Meg calls him an idiot and Cas can do nothing but agree.
He abruptly cut himself off when Cas took his hand. The human’s hand was big and warm, and it made a tingle go through Dean’s arm.
Dean straightens and looks at Castiel with wide eyes, scent caught somewhere between surprise and happiness, bordering on astonishment.
He moans into it and Cas swallows the sound greedily, hands going down to massage the swell of Dean’s ass. It makes the younger man grind their crotches together and Cas feels immense pleasure rush through him when he feels how hard Dean’s already becoming.
“So he’s definitely mature, I was wondering considering how small his horns are. Though I suppose with the lack of wings and him being a Cambion anything goes.”
She looked appropriately spooked for a moment before she forced a neutral expression. “There’s no need to flaunt your power over me, demon,” she said, tone calm and eyes calculating. “I’ve actually been looking forward to meeting you, ever since Gabe came home gushing about you.”
Cas makes a weird noise and closes his eyes against his own emotions when Dean chuckles at him. “You completely overwhelm me.”
“I get it.” It wasn’t even his place to ask, he had just been surprised by the man’s good looks, and perhaps that shy look made him curious as well. He liked softer johns more than the hardened ones. He winked up at Dean. “Just tell me how you want it and warn me before you come, alright?”
“And then I stayed,” Dean said proudly, as if house squatting was a good thing. Well, Castiel supposed it was in this case.
Cas regarded him for a moment, Dean’s heart thudding hard against his ribcage, and then he reached down, pulling his shirt over his head to reveal his surprisingly tanned chest.
“I like it,” Dean hiccupped, looking shyly down at Castiel with human eyes glittering from unshed tears.
They’d talked some, probably more than Cas should have but definitely less than he had needed and Meg had promised him that they would resume this conversation when she was more sober. He had also made her promise not to tell Gabe about Cas’ inappropriate crush on his student because even though Gabe means well he’s kind of a trickster and Cas doesn’t need this to garner any more attention than necessary.
Cas wants to vehemently protest that but can’t get a sound out since his brain is stuck on the fact that
Dean loves his Alpha dad and younger brother but it’s nice to get out of the house and spread his wings for a while. Especially considering that Dean’s always been a bit promiscuous, so getting away from dad’s overprotective eye is a great perk.
Both of them moaned when Dean closed his lips around the head of Cas’ dick. Cas sunk down in his seat, legs spreading even wider, and hands going to grip the armrests. Dean took the opportunity to put his own hands on Cas’ dick and balls, one holding the dick steady for him and the other squeezing the balls ever so slightly.
Also the fact that Dean can’t leave the cockpit unattended means he hasn’t been able to even look at the man for a long while and Dean’s kind of starved to be honest. It’s like now that he’s decided to allow himself this, he needs it right the fuck
“What’s up? It’s early, right?” he turns his head to look at the alarm clock on the bedside table, but Castiel can’t take his eyes off of Dean’s dick. It moves with his movements and Castiel feels like he’s burning up.
“Ah, yes,” Cas hissed, hips twitching to meet Dean’s hand and mouth now, foot hard against Dean’s weeping dick. “Fucking
at all has taken an interest in Cas. It makes it sound as if she didn’t think her youngest son would be able to ever find a mate and really, what the fuck is up with that?
He was soon all the way hard, dick tenting his dress pants and Cas was rocking steadily against him, his dick hard as iron against Dean.
“That was great, Dean,” a young man with long, brown hair was saying just as Castiel walked up to them, clapping the man on his shoulder.
Without batting an eye, he rips off his underwear and puts his hands on himself, running them up his stomach and chest and pulling himself into a full-body stretch, definitely making sure that Cas notices Dean’s already hardening dick. Usually when they do this, Dean manages to keep his dick at a semi for the duration but that’s not happening tonight and when he glances at Cas he sees that the man has noticed. He’s sitting much straighter, his cigarette forgotten as his eyes roam Dean’s body.
Early posting this week because tomorrow is Christmas Eve and then comes Christmas Day and just GAH! This year will be different for sure but somehow the traditional stress of the holidays seem to prevail, glad to see some things always stay the same no matter what...
“Thank you,” Cas said then, voice hoarse and his face hidden as he ducked it against Boxer’s neck. “Thank you, Dean.”
“I am,” Dean shot back, laughing now too, and sliding to the side, mindful not to press his come stained front against any part of the couch. “I
When they were finally in the backseat and the driver had put in Castiel’s address, Castiel breathed a sigh of relief, feeling tense in ways he hadn’t been for a very long time.
A fine tremble goes through Cas’ body and Dean’s eyes widen impossibly. “Dean, please don’t make this harder on me than it already is. How do you think
“It’s a big, new world out there.” Bobby says, clearly understanding that Dean needs time. Needs to breathe and find his equilibrium. “You’ll see.” He nods confidently, as if trying to convey something more, something hidden behind his words.
“So what do we do, then?” Sam asked, bringing Dean out of his musings. “Bring Crowley here and pan up some gold for him?”
Dean sighs contently, legs shifting so that thighs brush against crotches. Dean’s already hardening and Castiel loves how it feels, loves how much the man seems affected by his mere presence and words. His own dick is quick to respond as well, filling out as he grinds against Dean’s leg.
“It’s just…” he takes a deep breath. “I can smell your arousal and I can see your erection but… there’s no slick and I’m confused. I know I’m inexperienced but I—”
He spread his legs when his dick was completely free, arching up his butt as he touched himself. His tail once again curled out of the way and Dean could scent his own smell in the air as his hole lubricated, preparing to get fucked. He wanted Cas so badly in that moment, the pleasure that raked through him was searing hot but not as hot as the man’s touches. The smell of Cas on the shirt was driving Dean up the walls and he chewed on the collar, feeling his eyes tear up in frustration as his orgasm was held back, teetering right
Gabe gives him a sour look, hands on his hips. “Spare key, because you left me standing on the porch like a fucking chump.”
With a growl he pulled out and promptly backhanded Dean hard enough for his head to snap back against the wall.
“Come on, Dean,” he said. “Look at all this gold,” he said. “Just a bit more and we can buy lumber to build us a shed,” he said.
“Damn, Cas, that’s…” Dean would’ve laughed so hard if circumstances were different. What a fucked up reason for a conference to get cancelled for, almost like out of a movie like Cas suggested. “And you?”
, you’d be allowed to come as much as you want. And need,” he leans in, putting a hand on Dean’s knee. “I wouldn’t stop just because you came, we could go at it all night.”
Dean’s moan changes pitch when Cas gets a knee between the boy’s legs. He surges for the friction and Cas groans, the sound low and guttural, when he feels how hard Dean already is. His own dick is a hard line in his pants but as it usually is for him, his own pleasure is secondary to his lover’s—to
Dean’s heart squeezed and he felt his cheeks warm up when Cas’ words made happiness flood his senses.
Cas hesitates because in theory there is nothing odd with people being on school premises at this time of day and although the natatorium is closed by now, someone could just be taking a shortcut to get to the football field. But the shadowy figures had moved in an odd way and Cas is walking over there without thinking much about his actions.
Suddenly Dean’s face is smashed against the pie he’d offered up to Sam, his vision blinded and his mind screeching to a halt.
Castiel smiles, bending over Dean so that the man can feel his still very happy dick against the swell of his ass.
When Castiel didn’t throw off Dean’s light touch the young man apparently became bolder because he started putting his whole hand on Castiel’s arm and oh, he had to feel the scar, had to have seen the missing fingers, and yet he said nothing, didn’t even ask. Castiel knew Dean saw the disfiguring scar on his cheek but the man said nothing about that either, neither did his eyes linger any longer on Castiel’s damaged eye than they did on his good one.
“Are you sure you wouldn’t rather do it with a cute woman instead?” there’s an edge to Dean’s voice, a vulnerable little tremble that Cas wouldn’t have heard if he hadn’t learned how to listen to the man.
Cas smiled, eyes soft, and he lifted his hand to comb his fingers through the hair at Dean’s temple. “But I know
“Are you saying I look like a hooker?” Dean stared resolutely out through the windshield, desperately trying to relax the muscles in his thigh.
Castiel squirms, squeezing his thighs together, pleasure flooding out from his groin. “There’s, um… I’ve looked…” God but he can’t say it out loud.
“And it’s not over yet,” Dean purrs, coming to stand beside Cas, stopping him when he reaches for his glasses. This makes the Alpha turn to him, his eyes wide and his scent immediately tainted with curiosity and arousal. “Remember I said I have a surprise for you?”
The human moved around some but didn’t otherwise stir to consciousness and Dean felt satisfied with that, slipping out of the bedroom a moment later.
Dean and Sam nod to themselves, approaching the vampires slowly, as if this is supposed to be some epic showdown. Dean just wants it to be over with but at the same time he starts thinking about why that is. Because he doesn’t want to be in a fight, obviously, because that hurts. But what else is he going to do? Go home to the bunker? That bunker with the endless halls filled with memories and silence.
number. In panic, he’d added “it’s Dean btw” and then proceeded with having a meltdown so epic the librarian had to ask him to leave.
Dean’s mouth worked for a moment, and Castiel could see “Sammy” behind Dean’s eyes. He couldn’t imagine what went on in Dean’s mind and because of that he imagined the worse (that Dean in fact would feel smothered by this declaration of devotion and leave him) as he waited for Dean’s reply, stomach churning unpleasantly.
“Sure,” Dean mumbles and when Cas looks at him the boy is beaming, which seems like an overreaction but Cas likes it so he doesn’t say anything about it.
“He kind of implied…” the Alpha takes a deep breath and then laughs derisively at himself, a sound Dean hopes Cas never has to make again because goddamn, that hurts deep inside. “He said I was an idiot for falling in love with the first person I slept with. But it’s just… he doesn’t get it, he can’t know how I feel when I-I,” he cuts himself off with a sneeze, turning big eyes on Dean and Dean only then realizes what he must smell like.
Cas jumped when Dean put his fingers against the man’s hip, looking up at him with questioning eyes.
Dean stands pliant as Cas prods his arms and legs, stomach and back. He’s being invasive and he knows it, but he feels an irrational rush of fear at the thought of Dean being hurt; more hurt than usual. This has gone on for far too long and these fights have definitely escalated since last semester. Dean’s been in his office before but now it’s excessive, more than once a week in the last month is what Cas would classify as a disaster rather than a minor problem.
Most of the videos seem to be in the range of “daddy’s bad boy getting his punishment” or worse and Castiel isn’t interested in spanking in that sense. Yes, of course he knows that bad children used to get a spanking, but Castiel doesn’t like to view it in a punishing sense when it comes to sex and spanking. Rather, he’d like for Dean to reward him with it, to tell him how good he is while taking the hard slaps, his butt turning redder and hotter every time Dean’s broad palm connects with his cheeks.
“To be honest I didn’t either,” he mumbled, his tone soft and so close to Dean’s ear. “My father died when I was too young and Michael was a horrible teacher. I had to learn by watching YouTube.”
He’d left not long after, only a few words exchanged between them, but Dean had felt the shift in the way Cas talked to him, touched him, and he didn’t know what to do with that. Knew how he wished he could feel, or how he wanted to be allowed to feel, but also didn’t know if he was capable of those kinds of feelings, in the long run. All he knew was that it felt wrong to pay for Cas’ services now, not because Dean didn’t want to hold man again but because… well because of that shift, and it made him perplexed in a way he never had been before.
Dean twists his head to the side, looking up at Cas over his shoulder and good God, it feels as if Cas died and went to Heaven. Dean’s face is red, there’s unshed tears in his eyes, and his lips are swollen from biting.
just had mind-blowing sex, so he pretty much had to believe there was something Dean saw in him that was worth the effort.
The guy gave him the biggest shit-eating grin. “I get it dude, my camera’s my baby, won’t let nobody touch her for nothing. You’re brave but I’ll be gentle.”
“Did you, um,” Dean fidgeted, hands warm on Castiel’s chest and Castiel was quickly realizing that if they stayed like this much longer, he would have to fuck Dean again. Would just
A silence settles between them, it’s pregnant and awful and Castiel can’t look at Dean, regretting his words. But Dean has told him again and again that he has a right to feel how he feels and to express that. Now, however, Castiel wonders if that only extends to his sexual preferences and not his petty jealousy and suffocating fears.
Cas cocked his head to the side, regarding him and almost making Dean squirm, before turning to the pot and stirring the content for a moment.
“O-oh,” Castiel stutters and manages to get his other hand in front of his dick to catch his release.
But now here Dean is at Cas’ doorstep and Cas can honestly say he has hated the thought of never seeing the boy privately again.
Cas smiled indulgently. “My true form is my original shape, the one I was born in and the one I will revert back to if my grace is depleted or weakened.”
“No,” the man snorted and was jovial enough to offer his hand even though Dean had been rude to him. “I’m Gabriel, Cassie’s cousin. And lemme tell you, he’s been talking so much about you that I
He sends both boys away shortly after, Dean walking with his head held high and a scathing look thrown at Gordon Walker, the other boy who’s busy making eyes at the floor as he trots beside Dean. Cas sighs again, deeper, and prepares himself for a couple of fruitless phone calls.
plan to mate at the same weekend had been overreaching it a bit but Dean likes to think this whole endeavor has been a blast so far. And even if they don’t get to mating because Cas is still too tired then Dean will call this weekend a success anyway, simply because he got to spend it tied to his Alpha while feeding him food Dean cooked for him.
Cas, on the other hand, came to stand beside Dean, cupping his chin so he could tilt Dean’s head back.
“But…” Dean remained sitting by the bird as Cas went into the shed, coming out in the next moment with a shovel and some garden gloves. “Wouldn’t that be good?”
“Actually,” Dean had looked down at his phone and his open conversation with Cas. “It’s mostly me that texts him, but, um, I think maybe he doesn’t like it that much.”
“Yipee ki yay,” Castiel says, surprising the hell out of Dean, and adds, “I’m not a complete recluse, you know,” when he asks where he’d seen it. “It plays on late night television quite frequently this time of year.”
The company comes in the early blue dawn, while the snow is still falling, and scrapes half the gravel off the road surface and into the rounded drifts the sickle of the plow makes. They leave the courtyard untouched and Dean fuming from the top step when he comes to check on the job.
In the next second, a small orange flame creeps over a middle log and starts to spread, but neither of them are looking.
“Hey, we talked about this,” he says when Castiel comes to lurk worriedly in the creative offices around lunchtime, Charlie having showed up downstairs to dispense long-lasting makeup and wig adhesion tips. “Relax, okay? I know how to find the best parties, it’s going to be great.”
“I’m not going to get into an accident,” Dean protests, and then stomps on the breaks as a hotel shuttle starts to lumber into their lane. “Jesus!”
and Dean yelps a little as his back hits it, but Castiel turns the water hot enough to scald his toes and stays with him until it reaches his shoulders, monitoring the temperature with narrow-eyed diligence. The cuffs and front of his shirt go translucent where the water soaks in.
“We’ve got plenty of stuffing and gravy, still, and the jello salad,” Ellen says, disappearing into the kitchen. “Oh, and the extra pie. Don’t need that around here.”
“I think I’d prefer an artificial tree,” Castiel says, and pulls his arm away to rub at the bandage himself. “It seems cruel to cut one down, just for this. And it’s less work to maintain, correct?”
“... please don’t do that again,” Castiel says, clinging white-knuckled to the side handle. His phone is in the footwell.
His demands get more frantic when Dean noses into the open fly and curls his tongue around the trapped head, pulling it into his mouth and free from the fabric. The hot weight of it feels good, the stretch in his jaw nothing compared to the silky rub of it against the insides of his cheeks, the roof of his mouth. Dean has his hands on Castiel’s thighs, holding him in place, but the push of his lips, his mouth working over tight, smooth skin makes Castiel squirm and jerk against Dean’s weight.
“Stop laughing,” Castiel mutters, hands coming up to brush through Dean’s hair. “You unbelievable ass.”
He tells Bobby, “Cabin in Vermont.” He edits that slightly to “Bed and breakfast in Maine,” for Ellen and “Ski lodge in New Hampshire,” for Jody. Sam’s down in Queens with them for the turn of the year, and Dean gets a text from him later that day that just says,
“Cute ones,” Dean assures him, and at Castiel’s expression hastily revises that to, “Really handsome, cool, dignified ones.” Photos like the set he’d taken when Castiel had fallen asleep on the ugly couch with kittens in the crook of every limb, Dean’s personal favorites to date. “Very dignified.
“Noted,” Dean says, lying on his stomach in bed with his head propped on his hand. “You’re totally blameless here.”
“Not that,” Dean says, stepping off the path and into the snow-covered grass with a broadening grin. “There you are
The woods take and absorb the sound, not even an echo making it back to him. When he turns to face the figure, the knife is out and held at his side.
how to skate. He killed at rollerblades and played hockey as a kid (okay, rarely), and he did just fine on the ice, as far as he remembers. “I was just… y’know, expecting something a little more Frog Pond.”
It’s a dim light, orange like an old streetlamp. The wind rises for a moment and it disappears, reappears as trees bend and sway.
He sounds amazingly unenthused by the idea. Dean loves him so, so much. “I promise— it’ll be your best New Year’s in a long time,” he says, coming up behind Castiel to kiss the one inked branch that pokes out above his collar. “Maybe ever. Trust me?”
Castiel insists, but sneaks one more kiss under Dean’s hood and then pulls away to walk up the narrow strip of cleared flagstone Dean’s made for him.  He disappears into the house, and Dean turns back to the snow with a sigh.
His answering, “Yeah, right, who’d steal this ugly piece of shit,” gets squeezed out of him as he turns around and Sam hits him like a ton of bricks, giant orangutan arms crushing him into his chest. “Jesus, did you grow
“Should we get closer?” Sam asks in a low voice, right at Dean’s shoulder. Like Dean, he’s keeping deliberately short of the clear space around the fire, eyeing the scene with his boots crusted over in snow and hands shoved deep in his pockets.
Dean smiles, squeezing his hand. “Sounds like you need more gloves.” There were three pairs in the shopping bags in Bobby’s living room.
It seems to be a postcard, the front of it a shiny photograph of a flamingo with a forked branch tied to its head and a clown nose on its beak. The back reads,
Castiel’s body goes taut like a bowstring and Dean encourages him along, keeping his mouth soft and slick and letting him stutter out the last few thrusts unpinned before he starts coming. Castiel watches Dean lap the orgasm out of him with wide eyes and an open mouth, and while he’s boneless and agreeable after the fact Dean wrestles him out of the boxers and tosses them off the bed. No doubt they’ll be vanished with prejudice before Dean even wakes up, if he hasn’t managed to exhaust Castiel completely.
him, leaving Dean clinging desperately to his shoulders. “A waltz, at a bare minimum, needs to be in three fourths time and strongly accented on the first beat. It is neither.”
take this as critique on that because you’re everything I want, okay? You give me the roughness of an Alpha and the submission of a Beta and you couldn’t be more perfect for me,
Cas kept his foot on Dean’s groin, though, the pressure just right and Dean moaned around Cas’ dick, taking him deeper than before.
“I like you already, Dean,” he patted Dean on the shoulder. “Would you like a drink? I mean, it’s an open bar so I wouldn’t exactly be buying but I could get one for you?”
Yeah, Castiel imagines it does but a quick glance reveals that Dean’s still hard, so that’s reassuring.
Michael hummed and turned back to Cas. “I’ll leave but please reconsider, mother wants to see you at the event.”
Cas presses his lips together momentarily, not appreciating how Dean mocks his way of using air quotes. The students often mock a lot of his traits and he expects that, it kind of comes with the job, but to have it thrown in his face is a bit too much. Especially considering he’s trying to help the boy.
“Look,” Dean sighed, going back up to the angel. “I dunno what happened up there in the sky, but I figure that ball of fire was you and maybe your friend over there?” Dean had a hard time looking at the dead angel, for some reason. “Maybe you got hit by the lightning? I’m sorry about whatever happened, though. I tried to move it, your—that other angel. But it’s too heavy so I guess we’re stuck with it… anyway,” he looked up, right into the angel’s blue eyes, and tried to put as much conviction behind his words as possible. “Please don’t make me regret trying to save you.”
and he had signed the waivers. No going back now and Castiel anyhow had the man’s safeword if he wanted to use it.
student’s name, but Jo Harvelle’s mother is usually one of the first to volunteer when they have events such as bake sales and the like. He likes her straight-forward attitude and the fact that when her husband died unexpectedly (Cas thinks it was an accident, but it was before Jo started high school so he doesn’t know the details), Mrs. Harvelle didn’t let anything stand in her way. She just rolled up her sleeves and kept on trucking and Cas respects that.
“Cas, please,” Dean moans when Cas after a long while still hasn’t gone further than just one finger. “Want more, wanna feel stuffed.”
Cas looked confused, remaining standing there when Dean slid into the water, swimming slowly toward the deeper end.
Castiel squirms, arousal and happiness blending pleasantly in his body. “I just like the idea of you marking me,” he mumbles, looking at Dean through his lashes, suddenly feeling shy.
It took a moment, Cas petting Boxer and Dean staring right at the side of Cas’ face, but then Cas turned slowly to Dean, eyes wide.
He felt Cas stiffen and resolutely remained by the man’s side, even though it felt as if Mrs. Novak expected him to excuse himself. Well sorry lady, guess Dean was too stupid to pick up on that.
? Shaking his head at himself he rolled on a condom and put the silicone cockring on above it. It was snug but definitely wouldn’t prevent him from coming, just prolong his erection and hopefully long enough.
Dean looked up, butterflies in his stomach. Benny and Jo were sitting opposite him in the diner where they’d met up to have sundaes.
“That it does,” Cas smiled widely, making Dean beam up at him. “That it certainly does. Now, let’s see if we can’t make ourselves some breakfast, huh?”
The angel barked at him, but Dean ignored it, rummaging through his backpack for that case of bolts that he’d been supposed to leave at home today since he’d be using his longbow instead of crossbow. Funny how fate worked out, he thought just as his hand closed around the familiar and welcomed wooden box.
Pulling out his fingers gave Cas the use of both his hands and he steadied himself, but his composure broke completely when Dean pushed two of his own thick fingers inside Cas’ tight hole. He arched his back sharply, pushing his ass against Dean’s hands, head back and teeth gritted as he moaned wantonly. Dean hummed, pushing his fingers in and out, wriggling them around, amazed at how much could fit.
Cas had explained to Dean that humans didn’t take too kindly to demons, something that Dean was all too familiar with, but that his appearance was different enough that they could pass him up as a satyr or faun, something most humans were more familiar with and less scared off. The only difference was that satyrs and fauns usually had on clothes. At least a shirt.
“We’re leaving, me ‘n Sammy, leaving Boldcreek,” Dean said then, cutting off Cas’ words with a sense of urgency. “T’morrow or the day after, depending.”
Castiel flung his arms up to protect his face and the angel’s wings beat down, forcing the magic away. And when Castiel looked up again, Dean was already off, running in the direction they had come from when they first entered the forest.
Cas had his legs up again, position barely changed from when this all began, and Dean gratefully lowered himself. He gathered Cas’ legs around himself, hips held still with one hand as he used the other to guide his dick to Cas’ hole.
force anything on the man, after all. But Castiel remained where he was, and Dean was able to breathe his next words close to Castiel’s ear. “Ravish my nipples?”
Maybe he thought Dean would hit him if he did anything indecent without being allowed. Maybe other men had. Maybe he wasn’t supposed to like it this much, according to them. Maybe they liked it when he cried for them.
Bela had shot down that theory, though, when she’d announced she enjoyed this much more than the regular “frat boy parties” she usually went to. Apparently, Dean thought, it was the company you chose to keep that determined what kind of party and college life you would have. And looking round at the mostly nerdy, highly intelligent, accepting people at this party, he thought he’d chosen well.
Apparently, he really can’t because he trails off and instead pulls out all the way, almost as if needing a break, and then he bottoms out again, the languid way he pushes inside making Dean’s stomach coil tight with his impending release.
“Then what?” Dean smiles sweetly, scooting closer, legs over Cas’ lap so that his calf presses against the Alpha’s still very interested cock. “You don’t have to worry about me, I don’t care that you’re not a typical Alpha. In fact, that might be one of your best qualities.”
“There we go,” Cas said and stepped behind Dean, righting the shirt so it fell over the swell of Dean’s butt. He frowned down at it, Dean could see in the mirror, and then pushed up the shirt so it was back to how it had been, resting against the base of Dean’s perky tail. “You look good in it.”
“I do,” Dean lies down on his stomach again, canting his hips up and practically presenting his ass. “I wanna feel you come in me. Can we do it without condoms?”
But Cas didn’t look angry. He looked… concerned? Dean wasn’t used to seeing that emotion, but he thought that was what it looked like. Come to think of it, Cas often looked like that when he looked at Dean.
“No,” Dean thought about it for a moment. Thought about memories of eating putrid and green meat, the pieces even the hellhounds wouldn’t touch. “But I prefer it cooked. It tastes better.”
something about whatever the fuck was buzzing inside him. His mind blank by now, he shucked off his clothes and threw himself in the pond, rinsing off the smell of sweat and nerves along with smoke and the meat he’d barbequed.
“That’s because I-I don’t know what it’s called…” he mumbled, eyes wide as he looked at Cas in all his brilliant colors.
“You’d feel so good,” he murmurs, tossing whatever had been in his hands — a book and some socks — on the bed so that he can let his hands travel down his body in big sweeping arcs. “Are you hard for me, Cas?”
As soon as they were around the corner of the house and out of eyeshot from Dean, Gabriel stopped and touched his hand to his forehead.
Now Cas’ smile is wide and genuine, and he crosses his arms just to keep his hands to himself because they need to
Dean felt stupid that he hadn’t thought about that but then again, a shower with Cas sounded divine enough for Dean to get over his foolish behavior.
He looks down at his desk, eyes unseeing, and Dean remains quiet for a moment. Cas thinks he can’t do this anymore, he needs Dean so much it feels like dying and maybe, if they could just talk, then maybe they could...
“Which one? Awesome?” Dean nudges Cas’ chin so he raises his head and hell, he can’t help but sneak a quick kiss. Cas looks dazed like he’s done every time they’ve kissed and Dean is starting to suspect that Cas being a virgin means he hasn’t actually kissed someone before either. He kind of likes the thought.
“I want you, fully clothed, to sit down here and pull out your dick through your zipper,” he whipped off his own t-shirt and tossed it to the floor in front of the armchair. “And then I want to kneel down and blow you.”
Michael has a job and his own apartment, why he spends so much time at his parent’s house is beyond Castiel. Not that it’s anything wrong with wanting to see your family, but judging by the ravenous looks and full laundry baskets he always brings Castiel suspects it’s more than just love that calls the oldest son back to the nest.
“I’m sorry I was rude,” Dean smiles ruefully. “I wanna show you my good sides, but I just get so fucking mad when people treat us Omegas like we’re stupid or inferior.”
Dean smiles with his whole face; his whole body. “Me too. I love your pies, man. And I mean, I know you’ve got lots of stuff to do… Adulting and such.”
The urgency from earlier was back now, added to by the extra alcohol, but this time Castiel felt more in control, or as if it would be okay to lose himself a little in Dean. Either way, he eagerly pushed back, tongue tangling with Dean’s and obeying his demands. As usual when he had sex, Castiel felt conscious of his left hand and that some people thought it felt weird when he touched them, so he tried to turn them so that that wouldn’t happen.
growl that had made Dean come several times already. And without warning, he backed off enough to pull Dean up. One giant hand wrapped around Dean’s chest, he put one finger over Dean’s eyes and the other pressing against Dean’s throat, and with his grip he forced Dean up on his knees, his back bent and shoulders pressing against the angel’s massive bulk.
“So, basically a free dinner and drinks?” Dean grinned. “Or is there like an entrance fee or something?”
The man’s dick was hard as iron and glistening at the top, but Dean was ignoring it same as he was ignoring his own neglected dick. Instead he focused on Cas’ hip bones. Sharp and absolutely sublime, those. He smiled against the skin when Cas shifted restlessly, and then scraped his teeth against the warm skin.
He kept up switching the poultice and ventured into the forest every day to hunt for them, coming back mostly with smaller game that Cas swallowed whole. Truth be told, Dean was uncertain if Cas wasn’t perhaps starving to death, considering his size. Then again, from what Dean had been able to glean from mom’s book, the angel’s grace
The car Cas drives is a homage to my old car that sadly passed away not too long ago. I love you, little strawberry! 😭💖
“I guess I could eat it…?” Dean cleared his throat and obviously tried to compose himself so he would look imposing. “So you won’t have to throw it away.”
He looked at the amount of food on the plate between them, figured he’d eat a good chunk and maybe they’d have some for breakfast but tomorrow was definitely a stew day. No need to let good food go to waste, after all. He smiled when he thought about how there were never any leftovers around Cas.
He pressed closer, smiling over his shoulder up at the man when Cas finally met his eyes. And ho boy, there was something in Cas’ eyes then, something ferocious and absolutely delicious. Dean canted his hips back, turning half-way so that he could nose against Cas’ taut neck. One hand stretched back to grab Cas’ thigh, and the other took the body wash from Cas.
“And scene,” the man panted and switched on the light after some patting on the wall to the left of Dean.
No, what had made Dean get up in the morning, saddle Creed, and tell Sam some flimsy excuse about supplies had been the fact that Cas had also liked what he’d been subjected to,
Cas just grunted, barely seeming to register Dean’s words as he walked up to Dean, snout pressing against Dean’s crotch until Dean removed his hand.
Cas opened his mouth, almost as if he were about to say something, but then shut it again, just eyeing Dean quietly. It unnerved Dean so he looked away, focusing on the deer instead.
He forced the last five words out so fast they basically sounded like one word but of course Sam understood him anyway.
. That Gabriel thought it would do Castiel good to expand his circle of friends was one thing, but to hear that his old mother thought the same was a stab in the heart.
“Don’t talk about that,” Dean mumbles and pulls out so that they can look each other in the eye. “Let’s not ever bring it up again, unless it’s as a funny story we’re telling our future grandkids.”
“Yeah, considering Dino here just said he isn’t drinking I assume that scotch was for you. Don’t you think he deserves a reward for using his good looks to get us drinks?”
have his aching dick securely inside Dean’s welcoming heat. It was tight as a vice, enough so that Castiel’s body threatened with giving in to the temptation and fucking up into Dean a handful of times before releasing.
“I have faith that you will,” she said, her tone strangely kind for the first time. “Because of your human. Because of Cas. You will be good for him, because you don’t want to hurt him. You want to be with him, am I correct?”
fucking aroused than at Castiel, and pushed at his boss’ shoulders until Castiel let go with a disgruntled sound.
In the end he told mom he’d figure out dinner himself and thought that if he didn’t, he could just as well have toast for dinner.
“Nice and handsome as fuck,” Gabriel playfully looked Dean up and down and it made Dean want to strut his stuff for some fucked up reason. “I better keep Kali away from you.”
“Do whatever you want, Dean,” he murmured, his normally gravelly voice fucking destroyed, and Dean had stepped up to him before he even knew what was going on.
mom walked into the living room just as Sam blurted that out. She made a peep and looked expectantly at Dean and yes, yes, he knew she was dying to know more about this man who apparently has captured her oldest son’s heart and Dean kind of wanted to go on and on about Cas but he wasn’t at that stage yet.
defense, I was insanely jealous of that woman you’d tried to woo and very concerned over your state of mind when you came back to me so inebriated. I didn’t really mean to watch you, merely to watch over you, if you understand me correctly.”
It takes Cas a moment too long to understand what Dean is saying. “That was my brother,” he blurts out, suddenly realizing that Dean’s betrayed stare from before had been real. “Gabriel. You know about him. I swear, Dean, I would never—” he straightens in his seat, unaware of when or even why he had leaned over the desk. “He was trying to cheer me up.”
“Really?” he mumbles, conscious of his hands. He wants to put them on Dean, especially when the Omega steps in closer. Instead he rights his glasses. “I’m all sweaty.”
Yeah, he was coming. In his pants. Grinding against Dean. In a barely lit coat room at his mother’s charity event.
Dean of course looks gorgeous up on the stage, singing in a smoky voice, standing way too close to Benny while sharing the mic. At one point they could just as well have kissed, if one of them had turned their head a scant inch. Castiel’s stomach churns and he regrets his steak now but more than that he wrestles with his guilty conscience.
“Does it hurt, big boy?” Dean rasps, pulling his wet fingers from his mouth to pinch his nipple, stroking his dick for real now. “Are you so fucking hard for me that you had to squeeze yourself?”
Honestly, Dean didn’t even know what possessed him to follow his retreating boss. Mostly it was curiosity, he told himself. He wanted to see how far he could push this man who pushed them to the brink on a daily basis. A little was probably because he was so tired he wasn’t thinking straight, and he somehow thought he could exploit whatever this revelation was to blackmail his boss, to perhaps get ahead in the company or at least ease his own workload.
“I think it is,” Dean mumbled to his lap, but he knew Cas could hear him, even if no one else did, and he could
Dad crossed his arms and hummed thoughtfully. “I haven’t seen that shirt since Grandma Deanna’s birthday party five years ago.”
Cas makes a little noise at the back of his throat and spreads his fingers across Dean’s chest as if Dean is some kind of tiny twink Omega. It makes Dean swim with arousal and he whines high-pitched when Cas finds one of his sensitive nipples, the Alpha only hesitating a moment before rolling it between his smooth fingers.
He walked away with that, but Dean only had eyes for Cas, who was looking absolutely delicious in his continued embarrassment.
He’d been waiting patiently, panning gold for hours and taking the time to tidy up around their camp, he wanted to have his fun now, thank you very fucking much. They’d decided already on the first night that while this was their claim and these were their things, nothing really stopped idiots from trying to steal all of it, or at least some. So, they would take turns leaving, simple as that. Simple, that was, until Dean got a prickling sensation at the back of his neck.
Castiel is quiet for a moment, hands coming to rest on top of Dean’s where they splay across his chest. “I don’t want to be any trouble,” he says, just as softly.
“There’s no bus service to the Rockport line until further notice,” he relays grudgingly. “Which the local news neglected to mention.”
“Have fun with that,” Dean grunts, a little grumpy from the snow in his boots and resulting wet socks. He hangs up while Victor is still emoting at his television and Benny’s girls are protesting school. He doesn’t want to have to come back out here until tomorrow, so he makes himself trudge all the way down the drive to the road, clearing up the more egregious mistakes the snow removal service made on the way, before coming to the road and breaking down the ridge the municipal plow left too.
“Yeah?” Dean says, rubbing a hand up his bare belly. Castiel catches the movement and stares, gaze going a little fixed.
At lunch, Dean drops by Art and Charlie is blasting Trans-Siberian Orchestra from the portable speaker hooked over her monitor; the speaker is bright green, and shaped like a dinosaur. She’s so deep in the zone she barely notices him, and bats at his hand when he waves it slowly in front of her eyes. “Come back in ten!” she yells above the music.
Victor throws a stapler, misses, and sends most of Benny’s color boards clattering to the floor. Benny swears at them both in paint-stripping Cajun and from the front of the room, Missouri turns up her music to drown him out. It’s gone from O’Jays to Otis Redding, and Victor groans and covers his ears.
“Or a big fucking hook,” Dean continues, because he doesn’t want to ruin the mood or anything here but looking at a job half-done is giving him hives. He’d run out of rungs about five feet shy of the top, and the final string of light waits forlornly draped over the paint tray.
There they are, in a jumble of knit and wool: all of Dean’s loaned scarves, hats, gloves— some of which Dean didn’t even know he was missing. Is that his old Burberry
Nabokov obediently follows the rag and Sam dances out of the way, right into a puddle of melting slush, and all is right with the world.
with the moth-holes above the fringe? Oh God, it is. He doesn’t even remember the last time he wore it.
“Dean,” Castiel says with some exasperation, and as Dean follows him into the bedroom he turns away to start making the bed. “I have something in mind I think will work.”
Bobby’s put the two of them up in Dean’s old room, the one he shared with Sam until they hit those really rocky years and the kid moved into the basement. No word to Bobby or Dean about it, just, one day sleeping down there with the spiders, and somehow even angrier after Dean hauled all those old rugs and leftover paint down so it wasn’t so goddamn grim. Dean’s still not used to seeing a full queen-sized bed in here, when there’s still tape from his posters and scratches from Sam’s desk on the otherwise bare walls. He leans in the doorway, brushing his teeth, and Castiel, down to socks and boxers on the bed, looks up from frowning intently at the floor.
Boston slowly accumulates another few inches throughout the day on Wednesday, just enough to put the fairytale glimmer back on the old, dirty snowscapes from the storm last week. It leaves the sky a soft white and quiets the streets, the city turning monochrome around them: black roads, white ground, grey stone.
“Dean, I know,” Castiel says with emphasis, and then drops his eyes to the eggnog in Dean’s hand. “I know.”
list, which is mostly good books and warm socks. By the expression on his face, Ben has given up understanding the adults in his life.
makes his stomach tremble and clench, Dean makes a show of considering it for a long moment, fingers sliding into Castiel’s pants, light and teasing.
He misses it a little, and he doesn’t. He’s been asking Benny and Victor to take more of the client-hosted stuff this year, but he’s been Talbot Boston’s creative rep for too long to give it up in one go. Like the soiree he’d attended last night— pretty standard fare: a hotel lobby and an open bar that had graciously refilled Dean’s seltzer for the two hours he’d spent there, wondering why what used to be simple was now a such a chore.
And it goes to Dean sitting here, smelling nice, in Cas’ clothes. His scent is still in them, not much because he didn’t wear them for long enough and Cas’ laundry detergent overpowers most of it, but enough that Cas can feel it if he puts his face against the fabric. Which he has.
He’s red in the face, the flush spreading down his chest, his nipples perky and his hair matted down with sweat. He’s the absolute depiction of debauchery and sin and Castiel can’t believe, can’t
be affected by something like that? And that coupled with the phone call they had earlier in the evening and the fact that Cas had been prepared to admit to having a crush to Meg, well then it’s just a recipe for disaster waiting to happen.
“I guess you did say that,” Cas laughs and gestures at the couch. “Make yourself comfortable while I make us a snack.”
Dean got off the bed, shaking from head to toe. “Damn, Cas,” he murmured, trying to reach his pants while sitting down because he didn’t think his legs would carry him. “You’re getting better and better at this.”
“I couldn’t agree more,” Gabriel grunted just as they came up on the bar. It was jam packed with people and the three of them hung back on one end, Cas’ sharp eyes scouring the crowd for an opening or a free bartender. “You did good, choosing this guy as your date, Cassie.”
He turned his head to the sky, and breathed in deeply, the white light of Cas’ grace shining from his open eyes, mouth and fingertips. The change wasn’t gradual in the sense that the man’s face elongated, or his limbs grew thicker, but it wasn’t over in the next second either. The light got stronger, too strong for Dean to keep looking, and when it abated, Cas was standing before him again.
Cas looked less angered by that and more amused than Dean cared for. Didn’t the man understand it when he was insulted? Or had he seen through Dean’s charade?
? Hold up,” Dean slid ungracefully off Castiel’s lap, leaning back against his boss’ big desk. “Are you saying what I think you’re saying?”
Dean stalled for a moment, fingers still in his wallet, prepared to pull out his ID. “No, uh… what?”
Sammy was just grumpy because Dean was feeling excited about something so simple. He happily ignored Sammy in favor of squirming after Button on the living room floor. Button was hopping slowly around the room, sniffing everything, ears twitching. Dean liked Button’s tail. It was mostly white and poofy and when he squeezed it Button stayed still for a moment.
“Whelp,” Gabriel said cheerfully and grabbed his beer from the table. “I know when I’m not needed, you crazy kids have fun.”
“Open up,” he grunted, prying the man’s mouth open with his other hand, using that to guide his cock inside again and when he thrust up, he used the grip on Cas’ hair to pull him down, forcing himself into the man’s throat. And fuck yeah, that made him choke alright. “There we go,” he huffed out, grinding his hips in little circles. Fuck he was going to come soon. “You’re gonna swallow.”
Castiel didn’t immediately obey, instead moving over to Dean’s right nipple and licking that, sucking gently on it until Dean felt a sharp arrow of pleasure shoot down his spine. He growled, more annoyed at himself for getting
Castiel gritted his teeth. “He isn't bound to me. He hasn’t given me his full demonic name simply because he has none, so he’s not attached to me by anything, save his feelings for me.”
“I had my suspicions when I saw the smoke from the backyard, but I didn’t dare hope,” Sam said and sat down with an old man grunt in one of the chairs Dean had put around the fire.
It’s the man’s hand that Dean imagines is around his dick as he strips himself with quick flicks of his wrist. His strokes are easily aided by his own precome and foreskin and he pulls the hem of his white shirt up to bite down on in a vain attempt at quelling his desperate moaning.
“Hey, Cas?” Cas only hummed. “Are you happy? I mean,” Dean sighed, feeling a little nervous, thinking of how Sam had looked the first time he’d told Dean about Jess being pregnant. “Is there anything you regret?”
A thrill goes through Cas and he thinks that maybe this, this is a good moment to say something sultry and throw in “daddy”? He doesn’t do it, though, not so much because he feels insecure but because Dean is opening his pants.
doing it. Sure, he’d mostly done it for himself, for his own greed, but the fact remained that he was an unsung hero of Dean’s village and that was fucking astounding.
Mr. and Mrs. Winchester are always very concerned when they get this kind of call from him about their oldest son, but apparently Dean’s just as tight lipped at home as he is at school because there’s rarely anything Cas can gauge from his conversations with either parent.
She ends up spending the night, sleeping beside him in his big double bed and providing comfort by her mere presence. A warm body to reach out to when the cold darkness of the night presses too close.
He mewled under his breath, feeling his whole body thrum when Cas massaged the inside of Dean’s thigh. His hoof made a loud sound when it connected with the tiled floor again and he almost held his breath as he lifted his other leg, eyes hooded as he watched Cas’ dark expression. The air in the shower was hot but Cas’ breath was hotter still and Dean strained to get closer to the man, butt bumping back and arms snaking around whatever part of Castiel he could reach.
That made Dean ridiculously happy to hear. Sometimes it felt as if Cas didn’t eat anything but survived on water and cigarettes and it made him want to hand feed the man.
His hips bucked down when Cas suddenly pinched him again and he was rewarded with a deep groan from Cas. He was
But Cas had opened the door in only a tight t-shirt and boxers, a half-finished cigarette between his fingers and voice sultry to Dean’s ears as he’d asked, “what’ll you have today, Dean?” and Dean was only a young man. He’d blurted out “cockwarming” before he’d even had a chance to think about it and Cas had smirked at him, pulled Dean inside by his shirt and sat him down on the couch in the living room.
Cas chuckled breathlessly and put both his hands on his nipples, rubbing his palms over them for a moment before pinching them, rather hard from the looks of it. Dean licked his lips and imagined what it would feel like to bite Cas there, to put his teeth marks around Cas’ perky nipples, the perfect ring just
And don’t get Dean started on when he went to Missouri’s to get salt for tanning the deer hides still back at camp because of course Lisa’s stand was next to the old herbalist’s and of course Lisa greeted him all sweetly as if nothing had changed between them. And
“Who is this?” the man who seemed to be a bit of a leader asked, his accent just as prominent as Cas’. “He was helping you?”
Castiel hums, content, and laps widely again. Again and again and again until Dean is whining for more and then he sucks again, making the Omega’s whole body spasm. He feels something wet dribble down on his chest and realizes immediately that Dean can’t contain his precome and the pleasure he feels at being marked by the Omega’s come is immense.
“Cassie was always my brother’s favorite,” aunt Gladys suddenly spoke up, her tone clearer than it had been all night, even though her face looked more sunken in. The room turned to stare at their table and now it was Cas that jerked. Dean turned curious eyes on Aunt Gladys. “Isn’t that right, sweetie?” she wasn’t looking at anyone. “I remember you told me when the boys were younger. Don’t tell anyone, you said, but Cassie is—”
“You look so pretty,” Dean beamed, touching the wig and dress, getting glitter all over his fingers. “It really suits you.”
“Good for you, having a little high school crush when you’re in college,” Michael fake coos and it makes Castiel’s inner Alpha snarl. “Come back when you’re trying to understand adult relationships. You know,” he lowers his voice conspiratorially. “
Since their families have already approved, Dean and Cas spent the Christmas holidays talking about mating, establishing that they want it, and soon, and what it would mean for them. Cas had at first suggested that they wait until he graduates next year. Dean could see why but honestly, he would rather have it sooner than later and Cas had caved soon enough on that part, not really caring when as long as it was with Dean, as he put it. Sometimes the Alpha is so sweet Dean has to take a bite just to see if he isn’t made out of candy.
And he liked that Cas did, though he couldn’t find it in himself to say so. Instead, he just grinned widely and clumsily put his dick back, forgetting to shake. He took another drink, holding Cas’ eye, and then turned back to camp.
“Stay wi…” he breathes heavily, knows this is it and feels calmed by the knowing. “Stay with me.” Sam hesitates and Dean levels him with a look, eyes locking. “Can you stay with me, please?”
Dean sighed, thinking about Charlie saying the same thing. “I’ll think about it. Thanks, though. For, y’know, listening ‘n stuff.”
Dean’s grin widened when Cas sat up, coming closer and looking at Dean with smoldering eyes. Yeah, Cas always knew what Dean wanted and was always more than happy to deliver, knowing that Dean was equally eager to return in kind.
makes me feel like that, I just… he’s so adult. He’s got adult issues and-and I dunno…” he looked down again, thinking of Cas’ whole presence. “He smokes and doesn’t eat enough, and he’s depressed and fucking gorgeous and I just wanna be with him but I–I’m just me. I haven’t got anything that makes me… cool.”
Dean was fisting the sheets, eyes glazed over and his mouth open as he panted, body soft and willing. Castiel’s hips slapped against Dean with a punishing force, the sound as they came together wet and sloppy, Dean’s fur damp with both sweat and his own bodily juices. The scent around them was driving Castiel towards the edge like nothing else, Dean’s hole tight and perfect for Castiel’s hard cock.
He rubbed his thumb slowly against Cas’ soft fur, eyes locking. He found himself wishing he could show Cas the village, have the angel meet his friends and family, share in Dean’s life like Dean had shared in his today.
Cas keeps up a litany of filthy praise and Dean fucking loves it. Loves it enough to have to undo his pants and pull out his dick to start stroking himself. Quick and dirty, just how he likes it, and for a moment he forgets where he is, no longer concerned about sound or making messes or anything other than Cas and the man’s sounds, taste, words.
Cas was smelling very good, musky and rich. Dean’s eyes were glued to Cas’ chest, unable to force them up even if he’d wanted to.
On Dean’s other side, Benny chuckled. “I’d say it is, though. You texted him and he texted back, it’s your turn.”
“No but we can have takeout,” Cas flipped the TV on, and Dean immediately curled up against his side when he sat down on the couch.
Dean slapped Gary’s hand away when the man reached for him. “If you’re gonna cheat on your wife, why would you bring the hook-up home? No,” Dean pinched the bridge of his nose. “Why the hell are you cheating in the first place? Is this some weird kink where she’s secretly watching?” because if so, Dean could maybe be okay with this, or at least his dick could.
Dean huffed, grinning like a fool. “Nothing to be sorry about.” He rubbed the back of his head, stalling for a moment, his mind in desperate need not to be late but his body craving Cas’ closeness. “I’ll text you, ‘kay?”
“Yeah?” Cas breathed against Dean’s lips, effectively ending Dean’s pathetic rambling. “Then fuck me.”
When Dean was younger he had an immense fear of flying and Jesus fuck, he hated being tied down by his own inadequacies so as he grew up he’d decided to deal with it any way he knew how: by jumping head first into it. To be honest, learning how to fly a plane had been terrifying but Dean’s learned that when he’s in control of a situation it’s not as scary anymore and by now he’s completely okay with flying, even if it means letting go of the control and put his life in the hands of his copilot.
have it, damnit. He glided up to a man in a red vest and put the car in neutral so he could jump out and give the guy access.
Mom hummed thoughtfully and flipped a pancake, a loud sizzling erupting from the frying pan. “Your father, probably.”
That made Dean pause and he swallowed, letting his eyes drag over Cas’ body. “I mean…” his voice was definitely thicker. “Yeah. It’s different, like a lot, and I’ve never been with a man before. Never been interested before but… but it’s
“Come on,” he motions for Dean to follow him and thankfully the boy obliges without questioning. He pauses when Cas leads him to his own car, rather than the school or locker rooms, but just raises his eyebrow at Cas for a moment before getting in the car, Cas holding the passenger side door open until Dean is safely inside.
But at the same time he knows that’s too greedy too, knows that both Sam and Dean has to stay off the grid, fly under the government’s radar, and as much as he hates what that entails, he’s also so proud of his boyfriend that he wouldn’t ever want to jeopardize that.
“Fuck yeah,” Dean says when they pull apart, Castiel more than leaned on Dean now, having drifted even closer. “Feels like comin’ home.”
“I always thought humans were frail. That’s…” he looked up, face much more expressive than Castiel suspected Dean knew himself. “That’s what I heard.”
Cas still looked like he wanted to talk more about this, and Dean suspected they would, when things had settled down a bit. But for now, Cas seemed okay with dropping the subject and Dean went to back to looking at his reflection in the window, staring deep into his own black eyes.
On his laptop, the other man makes a similarly desperate sound, and it makes Castiel open his eyes again, suddenly more than eager to see what happens. Both men move higher up on the bed, Dylan sitting with his back against the headrest, legs out in front of him, while the other man pulls off his underwear and stretches out over Dylan’s lap, face down so that his butt is presented.
want to kill him?” Castiel spat. “No wait, I know why, for the same reasons the demons wanted to kill him. But why
He spreads his legs, putting his heels against the bed and works his hips in tandem with Castiel. His hands are warm and big on Castiel’s body and he uses them to urge Castiel on. Castiel smiles at the way Dean’s brow furrows when he refuses to quicken his pace. His dick is practically weeping by now, his body desperate to drill into Dean, but not as desperate as Dean is getting. Castiel is so turned on by this his gums seem on fire.
Dean hadn’t known what to do because for one, the man was fucking gorgeous and secondly, he was so unashamed about his blatant staring that Dean had almost felt as if he would be the one in the wrong if he got upset, which in and of itself was fucked up enough for Dean to realize he
Though their shared name had gotten them out of a lot of scuffles over the years, especially in the war.
“Ready for me, Dean?” he growled when he started feeling like he would have to fuck the man if this continued. He couldn’t, not without Dean paying more and not without Dean’s consent, because Dean was the client and Castiel was the whore but
“Perfect,” Cas rumbles and pulls out his fingers. Dean’s hole is loose and pliant, and it has to be enough because Cas can’t take it anymore. His need to be inside Dean, coupled with the man’s needy whines, is driving him to the brink of insanity.
He pushed off the bed, searching distractedly for his clothes. “Do you always get naked when you fuck your men?”
He bid her a good evening and walked out on stiff legs, anxious to know who his secret benefactor was and whether they actually wanted to be repaid. In his pocket, his phone vibrated with another incoming text from Cas, though Dean didn’t notice that until much later.
“Stop this farce,” Castiel pleaded and fucking hell yes, hearing that made Dean so hot he almost shucked off all his clothes. “You need to get away from me before I…”
She easily straddled him, her frilly skirt and underskirt pushed between them and fanning out behind her over his legs. She put a hand between her legs, feeling for his straining cock, and he took a moment to massage her breasts. They were nice and plump, fit well in his hands, and when she sank down on his cock, he made a pleased sound.
. People could pretend all they wanted that they could read emotions into their pets’ facial expressions but that wasn’t the same as this. The angel just stared at Dean as he wet the rag and wrung it out slightly, mouth still a little open and eyes glowing.
They both stopped moving then, Dean held close by Castiel and the creature’s hands still on Castiel’s chest. Dean was so warm, his skin and fur soft and smooth, and his eyes shining with something unspoken. Castiel opened his mouth to say something,
Cas had waded out to where the waterline reached just above his dick, but he turned around now and frowned with displeasure. “They were going to kill you.”
“So perfect,” Dean moans, turning his wrist in Cas’ lax grip so that he can paw at Cas’ chest. “So perfect for me. Not Pam or… Or anyone,” Dean’s eyes are absolutely stunning and positively begging. “For
He could feel Cas’ hot breath wash down his exposed back and the hair on his nape stood on end, knowing this could easily be his last moment alive. For a wild second he wondered if he was in fact attracted to the danger after all, but then Cas moved to push his nose against Dean’s neck to inhale his scent and Dean relaxed.
“Cas—” he started, his voice lower, an edge to it that he barely recognized himself, but he was interrupted by Cas putting a hand on his shoulder.
Cas growled, jowls trembling, mouth opening as if to swallow Dean’s shoulder. The hold around his upper body tightened momentarily and then he was let down. He grinned up at the angel, Cas sitting on his hind legs and towering over Dean, horns making him look even taller and wings adding a good three feet to his girth even though they weren’t particularly unfolded.
“Now c’mon, Cas,” he said with a grin when he felt the emotions well up inside, unfamiliar and frightening and absolutely stunning. “Be that guy for me and rock my world before I cream my pants.”
Okay, that wasn’t the question Dean had expected. He looked at dad with new appreciation. “Only if he perceives a threat. Also, he’s just trying to show you that you can trust him with my life. Isn’t that right?”
He shook his head. “This discussion is meaningless,” he said, voice heavy with the weight of this impossible problem. “I can’t train, I wouldn’t know where to start. I’m too stupid.”
When they came back down again, Gabriel and Kali were on the couch, cheering on the poker game and eating freshly baked chocolate chip cookies that Castiel had no idea how Gabriel had made because he was pretty sure he didn’t have even half of the ingredients.
He spins them around, pushing Dean up against the wall and sealing their lips again. Dean moans into it, opening up, and Cas eagerly pushes inside. Their tongues slide together, hot and wet and fast, oh everything is going so fast and yet Cas still wants more. Their lips slide together, Dean’s soft and plump, swollen from the kissing and Cas has never felt anything so sweet. Dean is heated against him, body a hard line as Cas grinds into him.
Castiel’s old mentor had always said Castiel possessed an overly curious mind, and that that was both his best and worst quality. Castiel could neither agree nor disagree, since his mind had made him leave his calling as an aspiring priest but had also given him the strength to pursue further religious studies. Castiel had intended to become a priest, or possibly something more, but instead here he was now, after many years of field studies, in his late thirties and a professor of Theology and Cryptozoology at the local university.
“No,” Dean glanced at Cas, feeling young but also proud of his own decisions. “No thank you, I’m driving.”
His little brother, Sam, was probably going to join the builders, which Dean thought was a fine thing. Their dad, John Winchester, had grumbled some about that but no one could deny the need for builders who could make constant repairs and build new buildings and ships for them. Well, no one except for perhaps the fishermen who thought they were a little better than everyone else. As if going out on a boat was more dangerous than venturing
“Sure as fuck did! Ripped its head off,” Dean mimicked the way Cas had grabbed the lion and munched down on the head. “So don’t get any ideas, okay? I only told you because…” yeah,
“It is,” she said happily. “Though there aren’t that many takers. You’ll have your pick of any girl, if that’s what you’re fancying tonight.”
And though that doesn’t stop him from going out to bars with her and act as her wingman (and vice versa) it still stops him from viewing her in a sexual way. Although, one of their best pick-up moves is actually dancing with each other because apparently people like to watch two attractive people grind against each other (real shocker there). It’s been a while for him now, though. Work takes up a big chunk of his life and Meg’s been entertained by Tinder for quite some time.
and the sound made the hair at the nape of Dean’s neck stand on end. It also made him spill. He came with a gruff groan, bucking up once and no doubt cutting off Cas’ air supply for a moment, but the man didn’t even try to get away. Dean reveled in the power once again and closed his eyes as his cock jumped one final time.
Sometimes, Dean thought, it was a comfort how easily excuses and lies fell into place. Sometimes it was not. He wasn’t so sure about this time but decided to take the out.
“Maybe he’s in the mob,” Charlie said, sounding both amused and as if she was uncovering a great conspiracy. “Maybe they want you in their debt.”
Cas had just sent Dean an address, followed by “Now?” and Dean had scrambled to get to Cas’ house faster than the Flash. Sure, a few words had been exchanged, polite nonsense and quick observations about the house but then Cas had said “So, did you wanna mark me, or was that just talk?” and now here they were.
As if on cue, Dean’s stomach growled and when Castiel chuckled, Dean grinned shyly up at him. Castiel went to the kitchen to get a plate and cutlery for Dean, and when he came back to the living room, he found the demon curled into a ball, trying to fit on the towel on the floor. The sight stumped him, and he found himself just staring for almost a full minute before Dean noticed he was there and snapped his head up to look at him.
wishes he could have heard all of it but he doesn’t have much time to linger on that because he finds himself busy trying to stave off his own orgasm so he can focus enough to swallow everything Cas feeds him.
“Fine?” Gabriel snorts and licks loudly at his lollipop until Castiel looks up to meet his eyes. “Come on, you’ve been making heart-eyes at that Omega of yours this whole week. Worse than normal I mean.”
“He’s a college student,” Cas interrupted when Dean had played fish for long enough. He took a drag from his cigarette and held it for a second before blowing it away from them. He didn’t turn on the fan, but Dean didn’t mind. He’d started to associate the smell with Cas and that made it great in his books.
Dean pivoted, landing with his back against the wall beside the door, one hand over his mouth and the other down on his dick, catching his own watery release as it shot out of him in powerful pumps. He panted raggedly against his hand, head spinning, and he barely had the wherewithal to escape the scene before Cas turned off the shower and pulled aside the shower stall’s door.
Ah yes, Dean’s frankly beautiful black Chevy Impala. Cas has admired it from afar ever since Dean rolled up to the parking lot at the beginning of this semester. He wants to ask about it, wants to know if Dean got it over the summer and if maybe he’s handy enough to work on it himself, if he and his father bonded over the experience.
“You’re so perfect for me,” Cas shushes Dean’s choked off sobs gently, kissing the young man’s neck again as he resumes grinding on him. “I feel so at ease with you, you make me feel safe.”
Of course they’re still occasionally fucking with Cas in his true form, you should feel ashamed for even asking lmao!
“If you are?” Castiel said but started walking through the crowd around them without waiting for a reply. Dean easily kept up with his pace, as Castiel had suspected he would.
“Thank you,” he says sincerely, fingers twitching with his need to at least take Dean’s hand. “Most people make fun of me.”
“How is it that you know so fucking much about him? Is there a class in angel academy or something?”
Eagerly, greedily, he pushed his tongue deep into Dean’s mouth, tasting him. His hands roved down Dean’s body, grabbing at his sides and his butt and at the back of his mind a voice screamed “
“Dean,” Cas laughed, making Dean look at him with concern. “You don't have rabies and you're not a zombie, I don't think it'll get infected.”
“H-hey,” Dean stuttered, walking up to the man and reaching for him. “I’m sorry, she was your cousin right? But I mean, she was so… um, how much did you hear?”
Castiel blinks again and then bursts out laughing. Dean glares at him but doesn’t really look mad, just resigned, and Castiel reins himself in. God, when was the last time he met someone who made him laugh like this? He’s got to remember to thank his boss for forcing him to attend this conference.
It was much later than Dean had hoped for when he eventually arrived home and he completely blamed Cas for that. The angel had kept
Work conference finally over, after dinner finished, happy hour successfully avoided, Castiel is blissfully alone in his hotel room, changing clothes for some well-deserved and much needed time alone. Not that he doesn’t like his colleagues or his job but Castiel is feeling the stress and intends on using his last night in Lawrence, Kansas, to let off some steam.
when Dean arrived, even though the sun had barely set. Well, the daylight lasted longer now too so he supposed there was that as well. Regular workers had their time, didn’t care about the sunlight the way the prospectors did.
Then, in the next moment, a man on Dean’s other side unfolded a big, black umbrella. Dean had about two seconds to admire the man’s foresight before the man startled him by handing the umbrella to Dean.
“I don’t know,” Cas sounds way too amused, his scent mighty pleased and Dean turns into the Alpha’s light touches. “I think he deserved to be punched.”
had seemed as quiet as a bone orchard, not that that had stopped Dean from drinking himself into a stupor.
“Are you going to be naked too?” Cas asked in a rumbly voice when Dean was down to only his boxer briefs.
It was really impossible to say who initiated it, but Dean definitely moved first, whether it was to get off or to actually get closer was hard to say, but in the next moment they were kissing.
this were an ordinary man, they now have no one alive, and if it’s a vamp then the dead man’s blood on the first bullet would have been enough to keep the vampire still for long enough for them to interrogate him.
“It would have to have something to do with... ice,” Castiel muses. “Yes? There’s ‘sluice’ right under ‘tequila sunrise’ and ‘spice’ under ‘House of Bourbon’.”
Dean plugs the lights into the second-to-last strand and fishes in his pocket for another plastic clip to hook on the gutter. “I’m about ten minutes from done, here. You should go inside.”
“Nonsense. What would we do with the room you’ve been agonizing over for three weeks, then?” his darling, backstabbing husband says, reaching down to pick up the duffel bag by its unripped handle. “
In the creative directors’ bullpen, Victor turns to give him a look that could eviscerate at twenty paces. Dean’s at about step twenty-two. “I will pay you money,” he says, “cash money, to not bring that shit back here.”
“None of your business,” Dean says, pushing the mail to the side so he can start unwinding the string.
“Please, truce,” Dean says with a laugh, pulling his lapels closed. “Jesus. If I buy you a cookie, will you forgive me?”
Castiel dutifully leans over the iron roof cresting, the bundle of lights dangling from his fingers for a moment before he lets go and they slide down the shingles into Dean’s waiting hands in a shower of ice and snow. There had been a few times in the beginning where one or both of them missed the handoff, but they’ve been at this for hours now: Dean breaking in his new tree-scaling ladder by planting it in the cold mud at all corners of the house, Castiel tossing him lights from the ground, various windows, and now the freaking belvedere. Dean didn’t even know what a belvedere was until tonight.
“Thorough,” Dean echoes, watching his abs blink in time with the music. “Teleworking is still an option, you know.”
Dean can’t really argue with that, but he wants to. “Cas, we can make it work. What about the greenhouse room? There’s nothing in there yet, and it's out of the way of the worst of it.”
“You do?” It's not that Dean doesn't trust him, it’s just that he knows the only two furnishings in the whole house Castiel had purchased himself are the terrible couch and the equally terrible cookie jar shaped like a bumblebee.
,” Dean says loftily, opening the cabinets. “Apparently I feed people so much it gets annoying, which you’d
The walk— march, really— feels like it stretches on for a long, long time, though it shouldn’t have taken more than a few minutes even over bad terrain and one almost-slip into a hidden ravine. Their boots skid on roots and frozen streambeds and Dean scrapes his palms raw on trunks as he manages to catch himself, on wind-scoured ice like an open iron maiden when he doesn’t. It hurts, but his whole body hurts.
“It’s early dismissal, honey,” she says, still typing away. “All one hour and forty-five minutes of it.”
There was even a loaf without nuts for Kevin because “they ran out of the normal ones” YOU LYING LIAR
“Don’t come,” Castiel pleads, three fingers sinking in slowly, luxuriously where Dean’s so slick and open he can feel himself dripping. It’s mortifying and it’s making his entire body throb, blood-warm and oversensitive like a new bruise. “Just a little longer, I promise.”
, you freak?” he demands through a faceful of shaggy hair, thumping him on the back a few times in return. “You’re gonna make people think Bigfoot gave up the west coast for some lobstah.”
He rolls instinctively towards Castiel as the man climbs back into bed, one arm already extended and ready to pull him in. Dean settles with his head on Castiel’s shoulder, soaking in the added heat with a low hum of appreciation. Castiel strokes his hair once, then shifts to grab something from the nightstand. He situates it against his knees, and the repetitive noise starts up again.
That gets him a wary stare from the counter by the coffee pot, and Castiel says, “So you are. Planning something, that is.”
“We promised,” Castiel says firmly. “Now put your arms in the sleeves, please, I don’t want to be late.”
Castiel ends up plastered against the headboard, clutching it in a white-knuckled grip while Dean sucks him slow and wet through the cheap cotton of the boxers, inappropriate laughter sparking every time his nose brushes the mistletoe.
He’s not wrong— they come to a final ring of hundred-year oaks and the blaze towers above them, spitting sparks high into the cloudy sky. The heat is sudden and intense, strong enough that the snow thins and disappears in front of them to reveal faded yellow grass in a rough circle around a slightly sunken pit. The logs are piled in a rough pyramid, the ones at the bottom easily three feet across and twice as long. The amount of char and ash at the base says it’s been burning for hours; Dean thinks he would have seen something this big burning long before the sun went down, but that’s the least odd thing about it.
“How long do you think we’ll be driving?” Castiel asks, angling his head to look up at the glowering cloudcover. The streets are already swelling with cars, horns and sirens slightly deadened as the snow sweeps in.
Castiel finishes pulling the striped paper off and slides a finger under the tape on the lid. Dean asks, “And why would that matter?”
“Yes,” the man says gravely. “The sun is gone, and the longest night of the year is here. We are in danger unless we join the dance.”
Lisa’s puffy coat and fur-trimmed hood are zipped and buttoned to the utmost, leaving just the tired squint of her eyes visible. Ben is excited to the point of perpetual frenetic motion, launching himself at Dean with a running tally of everything he’s going to do and see in New York and then yanking off his boots so he can go tell Castiel the same thing.
“Stop that,” Castiel says, frowning a little when Dean draws back to see his face. “We could switch in a few minutes?”
“Oh, yeah, talk accounting to me,” Dean says around half a gooey sandwich, and Castiel steals the other half in retaliation.
Sam makes a show of looking from left to right and waves a hand with exaggerated confusion. “Well, I don’t know, Dean. Hard choice between conserving heat and staying visible versus freezing to death in an abandoned building.”
Castiel doesn’t respond. Dean would have to pull away to see his face, but when he turns off the laptop their reflections in the black screen show him exactly what he expects: Castiel is out like a light.
“Yeah, well, if the TV goes full portal I’m letting it take you, asshole,” Dean says, throwing his wipe rag at him. “Sic ‘em, girl!”
“Mm.” Castiel is also working, using Dean’s laptop to balance the company checkbooks or whatever. “Are you finished?”
He’s propping up a card from Benny’s mom when he sees something else lying alongside the small collection. It’s one of those photo slips with text across the bottom, a portrait of a family Dean doesn’t recognize, though all four of them have dark hair and blue eyes. His suspicions are confirmed when he leans over and reads,
It’s a banker’s box, with the characteristic button and string closure and a sheet taped to the short side labeled INTER-DEPARTMENT DELIVERY.  The last entry is in Castiel’s copperplate printing, DEAN WINCHESTER, 4TH FLOOR CREATIVE. Is it strange that seeing his name in Cas’ handwriting makes him smile?
The crowd around the Christmas tree is all but hiccuping with laughter by the time they get to the teens, and then number fourteen says, “I want to see what’s in the big flat one,” and Jelly Belly Adams gets stolen three times in the next five numbers.
“It’s winter,” Castiel protests, hand going to his back where Dean’s lips had been. “The house gets cold.”
When Dean looks back, the fire between them has shrunk to something low and tame. The man stands only a few feet away, and looks even wilder up close: the skull polished to a glossy ivory, leather plated up his forearms to the elbow, feathers lying sleek against thick fur. His skin only shows at the neck, where a line of dark paint has been drawn up his throat, and at his hand, extended over the fire for Dean’s.
The door is closed and the water running when he makes it upstairs, so Dean hangs up his suit and pulls on the rattiest pair of sweatpants he owns, plus a shirt that might have been Sam’s circa 2012. One of Bobby’s Christmas presents had been a sturdy leather-reinforced apron for grilling, one of Jody’s a frilly yellow number with a heart-shaped top and lace edging. Dean digs through the jumbled mess of gifts on the dresser until he finds the yellow one and ties it tight around his waist.
He nods at the windshield, where the snow is starting to come down harder, sticking in the hollows of the wipers and building up fast. The flakes caught in the folds of Dean’s jacket are melting onto his jeans in icy streaks. “Fine,” he says, hunching deeper into his collar. “We’ll stay.”
“Call it,” Dean mutters, refreshing his email for the third time in as many minutes. “C’mon, you morons, call it,
The third and final game of the day is Steelers versus the Colts, eight-thirty eastern time. Indianapolis is down by seven points when the second quarter ends and Ellen says, “One of you go get me another beer, the dog’s on my feet.”
“Oh! Leftovers,” Ellen says, and releases Castiel just as suddenly as she’d grabbed him. Castiel stands frozen where she leaves him, looking completely bewildered by the whole experience. It only adds to Dean’s private conviction that Castiel hasn’t encountered that much physical affection in his life, and the equally private decision to provide as much as Cas will let him to make up for it.
Castiel smiles at a display of toy trains, tracks spiraling up and around a castle made of candy canes. “I suppose it does.”
“Hey, I’m working on that heater.” The house might be cold, but Castiel’s skin is warm from the water and Dean takes a moment to luxuriate in that, leaning on him while he waits for sleep to clear a little more. Castiel accepts the extra weight and the second kiss Dean brushes over his shoulder with a content hum, and lifts his chin for the next pass.
This link no longer works (it's been THAT LONG, lol), but when first writing this in 2016 I found this geocities-era website with the
“Saturday crossword: officially defeated,” Castiel concludes, setting the pen on the newsprint with ceremonial emphasis.
That’s lunch sorted, though they and all the bags have to cram into a booth meant for six. Dean manfully takes the inside seat, which has the delightfully claustrophobic side benefit of forcing Castiel to sit almost in his lap. It also means he only has his left hand to eat with, but he complains enough that Castiel rolls his eyes and starts feeding him French fries by hand, so Dean’s still going to count that in the win category.
There’s about a fifty-fifty chance he will, even if they drive straight home and never leave the car. Dean watches him wind it around his neck three times and sigh blissfully, and thinks it’s probably worth the risk.
Eventually, like wreckage following the currents, they all wash up in the sitting space between the Cinnabon and an Applebee’s. Surprisingly, Bobby is sitting in one of the massage chairs just outside, two bags and a big gift-wrapped box next to him. “I have no idea where those two are,” he says about Ellen and Jo. “Lost me three steps into this hell. Merry fudging Christmas.”
Castiel starts to turn away, then leans over the shovel to give Dean a chilly kiss. “I’ll be in the office,” he says, keeping his face close and a hand on Dean’s sleeve. “Will you be out there long?”
“It really is a fire,” Sam says as they come close enough to see the wild shadows twisting across pristine snow, glimpses of red-gold flame through tangles of branches. Dean glances back at him; his brother looks pale and wary in the blue glow of the LED.
Nabokov gets laboriously to her feet and steps all over her daughter on her way to the lap Dean’s just made. Dean stands back up before she gets there, but scoops her into his arms and letting her knead him with her sharp little claws while he makes another slow circuit of the upstairs rooms. “Cas?”
Benny has made himself MC and is passing out numbers to be drawn randomly from a hat— “Remember, you can pick a new present to unwrap or steal someone else’s. The choice and the karmic consequences are up to you!”— and the ticket Dean gets is number thirty-six, Castiel nineteen. While they wait for their turns, Missouri picks a lumpy package that turns out to be a ceramic sad clown statue, Inias receives the gift of Yanni (the entire discography and poster), and Ambriel is the proud recipient of My Little Pony oven mitts.
“Tomorrow,” Dean says firmly, feeling for the blankets they’d kicked to the foot of the bed. “We can do whatever you want, tomorrow.”
Dean watches him, the snowflakes blowing in the window behind him, the gathering dark under the trees beyond. The temperature drops, slow but inexorable, until his fingers start to ache and his ears go numb.
“Here we go,” Dean says, tugging it out. He’s so tired of just credit offers and these damn catalogs, and the card looks hand-addressed.
There’s a brief break from walking while Rumsfeld strays into the grassy strip between the street and sidewalk and Dean has the occasion to ask, “What the hell have you been
“We could do our own clothes?” he suggests breathlessly, still working on Castiel’s zipper. He’s wearing white boxers and straining obscenely against the fly, hips twitching into the mostly-accidental brushes of Dean’s fingers.
“Yes, you’ve said,” Castiel says, typing distractedly on his work phone. “That’s why I usually take a—”
“What a pleasant surprise,” she purrs, slinking up to join their group. She’s scintillating and jaw-droppingly gorgeous in a satiny dress and diamonds, slim heels so sharp they could kill a man. “How
“This explains everything about the condition of that drive, you know,” he says to Castiel, who’s fully dressed and hovering anxiously behind him. Dean, who prides himself on being a realist, is still in his bathrobe.
Dean is momentarily frozen in surprise, but feels almost like he should have expected this— old man Talbot’s getting on these days and doesn’t travel out of London that often, and his granddaughter has become something of a figurehead for him abroad. A Christmas party would be the perfect opportunity for her to press the flesh in the Boston offices. Yeah, he should have expected it. That doesn’t make it welcome.
“Perhaps after you’ve eaten,” Castiel says, and brings him a tray of blazing hot soup and charred but edible sandwiches. The tray is tarnished, intricately molded silver, the dishcloth laid across it one of the Mickey Mouse ones Sam had sent him from Disneyland.
Victor says when Dean has to stop and pant into the headset for a while, straightening up with a groan for sore muscles.
“The lease expired last month,” Dean says, trying to gauge Castiel’s sincerity. “He’s not… he can’t be that bad. Really?”
“Cute,” Dean comments, and Castiel raises an eyebrow at him— probably because the card sitting right next to it is from Anna and pointedly addressed to Castiel only. Yeah, Dean’s not touching that one with a thirty nine and a half foot pole.
Castiel has been putting up wreaths, too, on what looks like every outdoor light fixture they own. The red ribbons flutter wildly in the chilly wind coming off the water, but the effect is festive and very New England. Dean’s a recent enough transplant to notice and appreciate it, the way they look against cedar shingles and dark shutters.
They ring off and Dean’s just replacing the phone in its cradle when Benny’s hand appears above his computer screen, holding a coffee can that rattles as he shakes it. The printout taped to the side reads, I SOLEMNLY SWEAR I WILL NOT TAKE PERSONAL PHONECALLS IN MY OPEN OFFICE.
Dean grabs the printed page with his name on it and crumples it into a little ball, looking over his shoulder to make sure Castiel made it all the way from the elevators with half his body weight in pastry hooked on his wrists. “Looks like we offload here,” he says, and dumps his own bags on the festive red tablecloth. Someone’s put cottony fake snow in artful clumps at the far corners, and Dean pushes it off to make way for the first of many platters.
Dean marshals his mental forces and begins to feel blindly for the comforter. A repetitive sound, one he hadn’t pieced out from the rest of the room’s background noises until just then, stops abruptly.
“I think…” Castiel stares at the piled logs, crumpled paper and the starters slotted between them. “I think it’s working.”
“You’re looking well,” she says, scanning him from head to heel in a fairly blatant assessment. “As always. Also, I’ve heard congratulations are in order,” and her eyes stray to Dean’s left. “I apologize for offering them so late, of course. I’d heard it was a... whirlwind courtship?”
"No," Dean pants. "It was not." He tries to roll over, finds himself mostly pinned by the base, and just gives in. "I’m... I'm going to lay here for a second."
“I’m tired,” Castiel mumbles, drifting towards the door to the house while trying to unbutton the trench with clumsy fingers. He never got his gloves out. “I think I’d rather sleep.”
He steps onto the pale grass, unzipping his jacket as he goes. He reaches inside and registers the absence of the Colt’s comforting grip— left it in the car and God that’s stupid, so fucking stupid— right as something steps out of the shadows directly across from him, mirroring him through the fire.
charlene.bradbury@talbotpartners.com; dean.winchester@talbotpartners.com; victor.henriksen@talbotpartners.com
“You want to live at Logan from now on? Sleep in the massage chairs, eat all the Wolfgang Puck pizza you want? Because we’re happy to take the bags and the car and leave,” Dean cuts in desperately.
“It was great,” Dean says, and has to laugh a little at the suspicious look Castiel turns on him. “Cas, c’mon. You think they’d just go along with whoever I brought home and be fine with it?”
But Castiel just gives him a confused look over his shoulder. “The winter garden? Half of it is dead.”
“Sorry,” Dean says, arms linked comfortably around his waist. He kisses Castiel’s sternum, then makes the mistake of looking down at the boxers and starting all over again. “Sorry, it’s just—”
Right. “Yeah, I think Cas and I are going to knock off,” Dean says, looking over to Ellen. “If you can muddle on without us.”
“I believe he’s asleep,” Castiel says in a low voice. He’s twisted in his seat, hand on the leather near Dean’s shoulder. “Should we wake him?”
Even though the size difference is yuge and they're not even the same archtectural type (chateau versus beach mansion), I'm mostly just picturing
“You know, Bela, I am so sorry,” Dean says, not even looking at her. Castiel urges him minutely closer at the same time Dean angles his body into him, so that they move together, away from her. “We still need to grab some things from the car. We’ll see you after the speeches?”
“I hope this road gets more use than it looks like,” Sam says gloomily, and slumps back against the seat.
“I want you to know that I am doing this under duress,” Castiel says from just out of sight, through the open closet door. “I refuse to be held accountable.”
“My life was much more predictable before I met you,” he muses as Dean unlocks the car for him, slipping inside while Dean heaves the tote into the back seat.
“Catch!” Dean says brightly and Castiel tries to dodge instead, knocking Balthazar sideways. Alfie takes half the hit, though the poor kid’s dressed in such a poofy coat he probably doesn’t feel a thing.
Sam moves, a vague outline in the dark, and Dean thinks he’s squinting at him over the top of his coat. “Seriously?”
“We found your car, by the way,” Castiel says, raising the mug to his lips. He doesn’t seem at all bothered by the cold. “Sam told us where to look, and Inias towed it to the yard. In the future, you might consider carrying extra fuel when traveling through this part of the state. We’re careful, but distance can get a bit… unreliable during powerful workings.”
At dinner, the radio tortures them for a few sets with hippopotamuses and Christmas shoes before four ascending notes on a piano announce the arrival of something better. Dean grins at Castiel on the other side of the kitchen, and Castiel pauses his massacre of the zucchini.
“Shut up, just,” Dean croaks, trying to turn his head away, but Castiel cups his hot face so gently and presses adoring kisses to his jaw, his ear as he rocks into him, slower this time.
“That is… very thorough,” Castiel says over the tinny polka of the sugarplum fairy being piped out from somewhere near Dean’s hem.
Castiel is scowling at their feet, now, his hand on Dean’s arm suddenly rising to grab Dean’s wrist. “That’s not how it goes,” he mutters, lifting the hand to his shoulder. “I think, like this—”
“You’re the one that made the list, sweetheart,” he says dryly. “Four kinds of cookies? Cupcakes? Croquembouche? Ringing any bells?”
“As it happens, I can do a few of them from here,” Castiel says, and appropriates his shoulder as a bookrest.
She passes out in the front passenger seat while Castiel and Ben continue their conversation under the rumble of the engine, Ben high and excited, Castiel gravely attentive. Dean tunes in to one of the two stations going all-out on Christmas around the bay area, just in time to get Johnny Mathis saying
Hearing it is still a quiet, blooming thrill, and Dean has to tilt his head up and kiss him at least once for that. Twice for coming down to New York with Dean, even though he was so nervous. Three times for the tax talk, which Dean thinks might put the junkyard in the black for the first time in a decade.
“That reminds me,” Benny says from behind his computer screen, and leans over to talk. “I’ve heard it’s nearly impossible to find a public bathroom around the… place you’re going. But I found this map, do you want me to forward it?”
they’ll have interesting insights into the particular challenges that come with advertising for septic tank services. Benny and Dean look at the cracked door, look at each other, and arrive at the mutual, wordless conclusion that it’s a lovely day to get lunch outside the building.
“What did you do,” Dean says flatly out of the corner of his mouth, watching as Castiel turns the box over, looking for a seam to rip from.
“Well, put that in the letter to Santa,” Dean says, double-checking the tag. Samuel Winchester, SFO to ORD to BOS. Gotcha.
“Was I not supposed to tell you that?” Castiel asks, with a flyer for something called a kringle tucked under his chin.
“Dean,” Castiel says patiently, “if you’re going to go back to sleep, I want to finish a few things before Monday.”
Dean is breathing hard and his pulse is throbbing in his ears, a primal kind of panic crawling through his system and willing him to run. There’s nowhere to run to— they’re surrounded, hemmed in on all sides. Where the heat of the fire is still overwhelming at his back, Dean swears he can feel the thing outside the trees on his face like the cold, rotting exhale of a dead man.
he yells up the chimney as he yanks on the damper, and gets a faceful of flaking creosote for his troubles. The inspector had cleared all the fireplaces in the house as aged but unlikely to suffocate them or catch fire, which Dean should have realized didn’t guarantee the
Dean tries to back-peddle. “Are you sure? We can try to clear out some space in the den, rearrange the furniture. Or wait until the floor’s finished in the library? That’s only a few more weeks.”
Later, Dean sees Castiel’s undone bowtie on the floor next to the couch and picks it up, sliding it between his fingers. It’s a nice weight, might even be real silk. The dusty jacket is beautifully tailored, too, and crumpled on the seat of the armchair in the corner.
Sam holds up the battered 1995 Rand MacNally they keep in the side pocket, turned to a page of uninterrupted green. “We’re going to die,” he announces.
Dean takes a moment to wedge in the duffle between the jumper cables and bug-out bag still in place if the Pensacola Milton brother ever shows up, and when he opens the driver’s side door the hot air billows out like an open furnace.
“You could let me do everything,” is Castiel’s growled counteroffer, and his mouth is back, biting hot and insistent along the line of Dean’s neck. “Let me, Dean. Please?”
Dean, they have things to do, he flops facedown onto the rumpled bedding and stays there. And because their bed has the same gravitation pull as some black holes, before Dean falls asleep again he’s been joined by both cats, coffee, the book Castiel’s reading about how bad finance is, the backup book explaining how good finance is, and Castiel himself.
“I’ll make a lazy ass out of you yet,” Dean says affectionately. He sets the laptop on the far side of the bed and grabs the comforter to pull up to their chins, sneaking a kiss to Castiel’s slack lips before he shuts his eyes again.
“Perhaps later. I’ll take your hand to start with,” the man says, a thread of amusement in his low voice.
“Hmph,” Dean says, and keeps patting over the jumbled mess of bedding. He’ll find the edge of the comforter soon. Any second now.
“We really need to get some lights up once the weather breaks,” Dean says, looking at the roof as the garage door grinds slowly upwards.
“Fine, fine,” Dean says, and pulls the blanket off the back of the couch before letting his head drop to Castiel’s chest. “February it is,” he says, tucking the fleece in around them, and snorts when Castiel pokes him in the side.
The party gets going in earnest. Castiel’s accounting crew forcibly remove him from Dean’s side to socialize with them for a while, and he drags all of them with him back to Dean for the white elephant gift exchange. Dean has a secret weapon this year: a portrait of John Quincy Adams’ face made entirely out of jelly beans. It’s six feet tall and almost as wide; he’d gotten it from kids in a girls and boys’ home they’d done pro-bono work for in Braintree. Castiel had seen it, because he’d needed help and two rolls of wrapping paper to cover it, and he settles into a back corner next to Dean with a conspiratorial smile.
Victor is entertaining potential clients in the Creative suite conference room, and loudly declaring that it’s a shame his team members haven’t joined them yet, but
They don’t even get on the bed properly, Castiel walking Dean backwards into the mattress so that he falls sideways across it, then straddling his waist. He tries to pull Dean’s shirt over his head while Dean is trying to unbutton his pants, and Dean has to laugh at the frustrated sound he makes when stymied.
It takes nearly as long to coax Castiel off the couch as it does the old hound dog, but eventually Dean has a leash in one hand and the other at the small of his husband’s back, pushing him towards the door. He’s trying to get his feet in his boots without letting go of either, so he misses Ellen coming up beside them until she’s saying, “It was great to finally meet you, kiddo,” and pulling Castiel into a tight hug.
“Wash my hair?” Dean tries as he slowly uncurls from his pillbug position at the end of the tub, though he’s feeling less frisky and more sleepy as he warms up.
“Not that one, brother,” Benny advises when Dean starts to veer towards a lime green Ethiopian truck. “Heard it took out the whole account services team last month.”
Before he pulls the Impala out into the snow, Dean has the presence of mind to fish around under the seats and grab an unwrapped boxed set of hat, gloves and scarf. They aren’t particularly expensive, but they are very warm and a specific shade of blue. Castiel pulls everything on with gratifying enthusiasm.
“You know, I miss this guy,” Dean says, bending over to kiss the tiger right between its furious yellow eyes. “Hardly ever get to see him in daylight anymore.”
“There’s a company,” Castiel says, looking confused when Dean asks how the long driveway gets cleared. “Everyone uses them. I’ll see if they’re available tomorrow.”
Dean drops the knife and reaches for Castiel, and grips back just as hard when Castiel’s strong fingers close around his. He feels the contact like a shock up his arm; the pulse in his ears beats cupped in their palms, too— steady, even, getting louder.
Dean asks him, and feels the answer in Castiel’s face in his neck, a warm palm running up his spine.
“Is this the same guy who was talking my ear off about tax reform over the cranberry sauce?” Ellen wants to know. “You sound like a cranky toddler. Go home!”
She settles back with a slim glass of champagne held artfully between three fingers, her head tilted to the side and her eyes gleaming. Castiel has gone stiff and silent beside Dean, which means someone probably
. Beyond the oak trees, the world disappears into something like the total absence of light, a negative reflection of the fire. There are things moving in its awful, red-edged blackness, or maybe the blackness itself is seething, testing the edges of the firelight. It’s all Dean can see outside of the oaks, no matter what direction he looks, and it hurts to look too long.
him, and Dean can just hug him like this and not say anything because Sam knows what he means— he always has— and the arms around Dean are choke-hold tight with the same.
The snow is tapering off a bit as the sun gets higher, but they’ve still got about two feet at the lowest points and Castiel’s pants are caked to the thigh. When he gets close enough, Dean can see he has snowflakes on his eyelashes and a hangdog expression.
It doesn’t turn out to be as simple as that, of course. The top half of the tree, which they still haven’t moved from the upstairs hallway, is actually the top third— because, surprise, the tree comes in five pieces.
Sam finds him out there a few hours later, inadvertently bringing along Nabokov to supervise; the garage is as far as she’s allowed these days, her days of wandering the coast and philandering with the local toms over for good.
They turn to stare blankly at him, as if they’d forgotten he was there again. “Ten,” Sam offers, after a second.
“Uh, thanks,” Kevin says, just as Charlie cuts in from her workstation with, “I thought you were going dancing?”
Sam’s starting to look a little less apologetic and a little more pissed off. “Look, I just need an outlet and the wifi password. And a little peace and quiet, if that’s not too much to ask.”
Dean says, much less reasonably, and when she runs and tries to hide in the ladies room Charlie is the one who goes in and grabs her. Becky makes strident pleas in the name of the free press and anti-censorship while Dean goes through the camera and deletes every single candid with them in it (there are a distressing number of them), until he comes to one where Balthazar has just taken an unattractively large bite of smoked salmon.
just the upper half of the apparently enormous fake fucking Christmas tree, easily twelve feet tall and significantly wider than the door it just exited— looks back at the attic steps, and then at Dean. “I don’t know if I can,” he admits.
"Remember, Ginger Rogers did everything Fred Astaire did, but backwards and in high heels." -- Bob Thaves, "Frank and Ernest", 1982
“Absolutely,” Dean says, checking the edges. “There’s a farm on the drive in from Boston. Why don’t we stop by one night next week and pick up a tree?”
Downstairs, he gets out the chilling pizza dough and starts to work it pliable. He gets flour on the apron and all over the counter pretty much immediately, but by the time he hears the door upstairs open again it’s resting and he’s on to chopping vegetables.
Theoretically, Dean is aware that his crazy house has attics, probably a couple, and big ones at that. Too much space under its steep gables and dramatic rooflines to think otherwise. Somehow, though, he was picturing something a little less finished, a little more full of pink insulation and exposed support beams. What he sees instead is smooth wood and acutely angled walls, windows in odd places, plaster ceilings flaking off in patches where the damp has seeped in and softened them. Dim yellow bulbs on long chains illuminate a jumble of old furniture, even more badly aged than the stuff they’ve been trying to clean out downstairs, and more goddamned cardboard boxes. The swaying bulbs light the way to the northern corner, where Castiel sits cross-legged on the floor and elbow deep in a wooden chest, yellowed newspaper fountaining out around him and the floor in a spreading heap. He’s wearing a towel around his shoulders, and a Yankees sweatshirt of Dean’s that never leaves the house for fear of mob violence.
“And you need to help me move auntie’s tree downstairs,” Dean says, because that thing is making him depressed just looking at it. “Let’s go.”
“You can’t laugh!” Castiel says, immediately hunching over and cupping himself in a vain attempt to hide the crotch of the boxers, the letters there that read KISS ME UNDER THE MISTLETOE, the plastic bit of greenery clipped to his waistband. “This was your idea, I would have thrown them away!”
Castiel opens his mouth, then seems to reconsider. “In the figurative sense, I would never be so crude. In the literal sense, I believe there was an implicit promise in asking me to wear these horrible things. Was there not?”
“I think that’s unlikely,” Castiel says dryly. “But I assure you, it will be perfect.” He frowns at the junk mail in his lap like he’ll know what to blame if it isn’t.
Hoo boy, Dean thinks. “This isn’t coddling,” he promises, squeezing his hand. Cas’ fingers are cold and his palm is faintly damp; it might be a insensitive of him, but it makes Dean smile. “I’m just getting a good grip to make sure you can’t run away. I’ve been telling you over and over what a nerdy little asshole Sam is, and now I’m going to stick you with him for
Dean winces. “That’s a little over-dramatic, don’t you—” He catches sight of the look on Castiel’s face. “Okay, yes. Point taken, slowing down now.”
He catches Castiel around the waist, plucks the knife out of his hand and sets it down. Castiel lets him with a general air of bafflement, and squints suspiciously as Dean tangles their fingers and pulls him into his body. “Dean—”
“Speaking of,” Jody says, dragging herself out of the recliner. She gets to her feet and crosses the room to the stairway. “Girls! Dean and Castiel are leaving, are you going to say goodbye?”
“Pretty sure they make an app for that,” Dean says, and smiles widely in the face of Castiel’s obvious disgust.
“I’m plenty dressed,” Dean says, watching him come, “but if you think I’m leaving this house at any point in the next forty-eight hours, you’ve got another think coming.”
to be a quiet place,” as he passes her. The cubicles down here never get any nicer but all the way in the back is Castiel’s cluttered and at this point cupboard of an office, the man himself turning towards the door as Dean comes up to lean on the jam.
I'm skipping to 12 before 11, because that one's not! cooperating! and at this rate we might have 13 before 11 too
Dean closes his eyes instead, stretching a little against ache in his back. They’d finally gotten the tree up around ten, which probably makes it near midnight now. They’d had to drag the unspeakably heavy assembly to a series of successively higher-ceilinged rooms when it became clear just how massive this thing was going to be, and ended up east wing hall. It’s a good room for this, or it will be: the long windows reflect the lights like bright constellations in the black, seamless sky-sea outside.
A little after seven thirty and a dismal three feet from the garage door, Dean sees a figure approaching from the road and stops to catch his breath, slumped over his brand-new shovel. The orange Home Depot sticker is still on the handle.
