Now, lets get a diaper on you and feed you so that we can snuggle in bed and watch those cartoons I promised you. Mio bel bambino, daddy is going to give you special cuddles and kisses tonight and if you are especially good and suck daddy’s cock to his satisfaction, I am going to play with your little boy cunt.”
Tony could feel his heart thundering in his chest when Steve said he could not go on unless things changed. Tony knew that he would never survive if Steve left him, he couldn’t go back to being alone again it would kill him.  The anger he felt at Steve and Pepper for filing for Conservatorship over him paled in comparison to the absolute panic he felt at the thought of Steve leaving him.
The had decided not to inform their omega until a date had been decided for the operation, he would need to have fully bonded with the new pups and produced a sufficient amount of milk for the pups in case his milk dried up during his recovery.  The down side to this was that they would have to put off breeding him for three months afterwards so that his body could heal properly.  Both Alphas did not even want to think about being unable to fuck their omega for at least the first 2 weeks whilst his sternum and ribs knitted and hardened.  Bruce said their omega would need a high intake of fresh cum so only quick blow jobs would be allowed, using an o-ring so that Tony did not have to participate.
He couldn’t see the screen for the ultrasound or the internal examination, but he was aware that the vet was pleased with the results.
“The Inspector was pleased with his progress and will inform the Registry that he feels that Tony could be awarded ‘First Level Traditional Omega’ status if he passes his second inspection after Bonding.
“Let’s make this a bit more interesting, you are going to keep my cock warm whilst Natasha does your hair, every time you make a sound or move she gets to snip a bit more off.”
She could hear Natasha talking to the Graham Brothers about the merger, the one that she had worked so hard on, before her life was fucked up by Steve and Happy.  It was galling to her that bitch talk as though she was wholly responsible for the deal.
Within moments Tony was squirming on his lap as he stroked his cock to fullness, drops of precum leaking for the bulbus head. Tony’s hips thrust forward with each stroke letting out little whimpers as the pleasure built.
Today he would finally be rid of Hulk, there would be no more angry green rage monster, he would once again be his own person and finally able to live his life and bond with his omega once found.  He had been persuaded by Prof Hulk to retain, increased healing, longevity and a 20% increase in strength.  He had signed off on his counterpart and Prof Hulk doing as they wanted with his Hulk’s genetic code, he may in future delve into their research but for now he just wanted to be rid of the monster.
Steve is greeted with the view of a naked Tony arching off the bed, his open pussy on full display squirting copious amounts of juice, coating his thighs and pussy lips.  He can see the omega’s breasts heaving as he rides out his orgasm, the aftershocks causing his milk to gush out of the bruised nipples.
The President smirk as he set out the items Darcy would be wearing for the next week, he was particularly pleased that he was going to be using the Scold’s Bridle so early in their bonding, this modern version had a large titanium tongue guard, the close fitting frame was fitted with blinkers not unlike a horse’s bridle.
Now what do you want to do about Pepper, as an Alpha it will be difficult but not impossible to breed her with the hounds.  I will need to tinker with her DNA but the hybrids would be a/a as opposed to Natty’s o/a pups.  Have a think about it, l know that she is your bed warmer and bitch but if you don’t want to attempt breeding her then l could make use of her womb.  Dr Banner has been assisting me with my research and agrees that we need to keep the bloodlines varied so there is no inbreeding.”
Winter’s eyes lit up at the thought of their pregnant meg riding his cock with huge tits bouncing and jiggling as he thrust up into the bitch’s cunt.
“Winter once again it is time to remind Tony of the phrase ‘Omegas should be seen but not heard.’ An introduction of your metal hand to his naked arse is in order I believe.”
“Steve, it’s not against the law anymore and hasn’t been for over 30 years.  You can be with another Alpha, but you cannot bond unless you share an omega and form a triad.
When Steve’s fingers open him up ready to take his cock he mewls and whines, his own cock weeping pre cum.  He cries out as Steve’s huge member splits him in half, his heavy balls slapping against his butt, each hard, thrust hits his prostrate and he sees stars. He knows he will have bruises on his hips and wrists from being held down, but one look from Steve and any protest dies on his lips. He screams out his climax as Steve’s knot fills his channel with cum, he can feel it his muscles massaging every, last drop of cum from the knot, his body shaking apart as he comes again.
The introduction of omega anal slick glands is a simple modification as they already exist in A/B/O societies, so it was simply a matter of altering the DNA strands to suit a base human body, this also links to the reduction in size of your boy’s genitalia
The rest of the Avengers arrived in Central Park to see Iron man swooping in and out of the marauding robot firing repulsor beams at their leg joints causing them to keel over taking out robot to near them as well all the while spouting abuse about Doom’s lack of mechanical engineering ability and how he could do better blindfolded with one hand tied behind his back.
Tony looked adorable in his pale blue fleece pyjamas with fluffy white clouds floating on them his hair mussed and his feet clad in the white fluffy socks with paw print grips on the bottom to stop him slipping as he walked.  As his arm circled Tony’s waist to help him stand he could not resist slipping his hand under the elastic waist band to touch the padded diaper, he felt the same thrill as before as the waterproof outer crinkled under his fingers.
Pepper had offered to have a press statement released on his behalf, suggesting that Rhodes as the military liaison, had needed to work closely with Tony Stark and that it may have appeared they were friends, but it had all been part of his duties.  Rhodes had said he would think about it and let her know, it would appear that he was already beginning to distance himself from Stark, which would work in their favour.
“Captain Roger this tiny hole is the inverted end of the ball sack, if you probe it with your finger you will see that it is just a shallow hollow of skin at the next of the internal pocket.
Tony made it through four knotting’s before his energy gave out, Steve praising him and rewarding him with kisses and chocolate treats for being such a good slut, a wonderful cum dump, a knot whore and cock warmer.  Each word of praise has his tiny cock standing to attention and squirting at the touch of Steve’s fingers.
Steve’s fat cock slapped Tony’s face as he freed it from the confines of his jeans, precum smeared his omega’s cheeks leaving a glistening trail as he rubbed it over his face.  Each time his omega’s mouth reached for his cockhead he squeezed the base and squirted precum over Tony’s lips watching his pink tongue dart out to lick his lips clean.
“Very good Tony, now just sign these consent forms for your Conditioning Therapy and for any additional treatments or operations that may be needed.”
Pepper breathed a sigh of relief at the fine levied against SI, one billion dollars could be recovered over a period of twelve months with the release of the next Stark Phone and Tablet, the sale of Tony’s properties, art collection and car collection would offset a further percentage of the loss.  All of Tony’s personal wealth and income from his patents would now belong to the Steve and the Avengers.
“Ohhh coffee, Steve gimmie some I haven’t had any in days.  Look you even have another cup of it so just hand it over now, mmm..  can just taste how good its going to be.”
Steve had studied all the photos and footage of Stark and then the few photos that had been released of the now younger and exposed omega Stark.  He was sure that this was Tony, although he appeared to be even younger now and without the van dyke beard.
“Captain, Hawkeye, Pup is in ripe for breeding, his ovaries  have released their eggs and his uterus lining is thick. If you look on this screen you can see with the microscopic lens in his bitch hole, that the rim of his breeding channel is puffy and that tiny bump in the center has a minuscule slit that will open to receive your Stud’s sperm.
Look at the mess you have made of the clothes I gave you all the more reason to keep you naked, it’s a shame total nudity is not acceptable for omegas in public these days. “
Twink Tony became a fashion icon, and even walked a few runways, with Sir’s permission.  He fell in love with shoes and spent most of his allowance on designer heels. At least now when he was hanging from Steve’s knot he could look down and admire his latest purchase.
“Welcome Dr Banner, let me take you to see The Captain, he will be most pleased to hear this.  I must warn you that he is still incredibly angry about the kidnapping of his pregnant omega, so be prepared for him to vent and question you about the possibility of finding your world and retrieving his bonded mate.”
Well Omega Stark Rogers would be having a natural birth baring any emergencies, that was why she had been chosen by the Doctor, both of their views matched on the subject of omega rights.  Stark birthing triplets naturally would show that omegas did not need coddling during birth and all those Alphas who insisted on c-sections for their weak omegas needed to man/woman up a put their omegas in their place. Also the bonus she would receive for ensuring a natural birth would pay for the new car she had being saving for.
Tony will be conscious through this final detox and suffer all that it entails, it will be serve as a deterrent and reminder of what he will have to endure if he falls back in to the cycle of drinking and drug taking.  Yes, I know that with the structured life style he will lead in future it is highly unlikely that this will occur but as you have stated he will need to be perceived to be adult and independent in public during certain occasions.
Steve pumped the remaining dildo up in to Daisy’s bitch hole, making sure to fuck her clit with each thrust.   He could tell from her throaty moans that she was nearing her peak, nodding towards Winter they withdrew until only the tips of their cocks and the dildos filled her holes, only when they heard the first moo did they slam back in , their cocks and the dildos filing her holes to the hilt in one thrust, the combined shock and force tipping their milk cow over the edge as her loud vocal Moos echoed round the lab.
“Tony it’s time for your weekly weigh in, come on sweetheart the sooner we do it the you can have breakfast.
Ten strikes of the paddle followed by two hours kneeling naked in the Avengers common room bound and gagged for all to see.   Or I fuck you hard and knot you now and feed you what I want for breakfast.   Blink once for the first option and twice for the second, you have until I count to twenty to make your decision.”
The limo pulled up outside the entrance to Stark Industries, Happy rushing round to open the door for Alpha Rogers.
Happy up until now had been the only omega that she had personally fully bonded with, his open and easy nature appealed to her straight away and finding out by chance after the Killian debacle that he was sexually submissive to the extreme had her fucking and fully bonding him to her within a week, even though he could not be bred due to his injuries.
“Jarvis can you give me the circumference of the nano-bands at the base of our milk bitch’s udders, do we need to compress the bands any further? I want them the perfect size for the Celebration Gala tomorrow night, is there room for further growth without causing problems for the arc reactor?”
It is not for him to give his release to anyone but his Alpha and then only when his Alpha gives his permission. Pleasure can be had and given to his fellow omegas but only under the conditions laid out by their Alphas.  Tony had heard the other Alphas command their omegas to come but at no time did he hear Steve’s voice.
Steve fished his mobile from his pocket, the touch screen lit up without any prompting, swiftly taping away at the screen he accessed his and Tony’s personal accounts, transferring the money with a few touches of the screen.  It occurred to him that he would need to get Tony’s name removed from all the accounts, it would not do for his baby to have access to any money, who knew what silly ideas he might get in his pretty little head.
Steve appeared from the dressing room wearing a form fitting suit that showed his broad shoulders to perfection. Giving Pepper a quick greeting he turned his attention to his whimpering omega.
Do not read if you do not like non consensual sexual situations or body modification, just a warning that this chapter and the next has both.
“Yeah Winter, going with the nose ring because I know how much Tony loves the humiliation of being seen in public with such an overt showing of his status, also Thor has mentioned that Loki will be leashed that way tonight.”
Now let’s look at your titties, such pathetic little things they are at the moment.  Still your nipples are thick and long, at least your pups will have something to hang onto when they feed.”
“Shhh don’t stress anymore, you know that I am right, have I lied to you at all this past week? No, I have not, I have treated you in accordance with the laws of our world, I have not given you false hope or promises, you will do well to remember that your other Captain has done so!  To survive in your new life, you will need the to be bonded to an Alpha, one with the strength and authority to ensure your safety and protection.”
“I’m perfectly capable of looking after myself, been doing it for the last forty odd years, don’t need to be treated like a baby, just because I’m supposedly an omega doesn’t mean I can’t carry on how I always have, doesn’t have to change anything, not stupid, still a genius.
“Oh Tony, just wait until I have you back at the tower, there will be no need for all this restraint, I am going to take you apart bit by bit, tease and play with you, until you are screaming and begging me to fuck your omega hole.  If you are a good boy and obey the rule of stillness, I will milk your prostrate and feed you your favourite dessert afterward as reward.  Would you like that baby?”
“Good boy Peter, now hold still both of you, no moving until I say so. Peter I am going to fuck your pretty hole whilst you warm Happy’s cock.  Happy, if I see your hips thrust up even once you will be wearing a cage for the next month, and Peter make sure you don’t pull off no matter how hard I fuck your hole, or that gag will stay on until you can deepthroat in your sleep.”
“This is your lucky night you get to fuck my omega’s mouth whilst l wreck his holes, the needy bitch is never quiet unless he is gagged one way or another.”
Winter stood back up, releasing his hard member he pushed deep into the stunned omega’s open mouth, a few deep thrusts had him spewing his load, groaning with pleasure as Tony swallowed convulsively, throat muscles massaging every drop from his thick cock.
Tony felt hands pull him away from his Alpha and lay him down on soft cushions arranging his limbs so his legs were spread wide and his arms held above his head.  A silk scarf was tied around his eyes blocking most of his sight all he could see were the shadowy figures of the other omegas as they settled him down amongst them.
Tony tried his best to sit still as Steve talked to the reporter, but the continuous slow vibrations from the plug on his ass had him shifting minutely form cheek to cheek.  He zoned out for a while when omega balls started to pulse as well, He could only hope that the camera was pointed more a Steve than him as he could feel the dampness seeping through his trousers
“Tony Pup, will be at the vets today for a full examination to ensure that he has reached all his targets and will be in perfect condition for you to breed him on Saturday.  It will be Public Breeding at the Charity Gala in aid of the Avengers Foundation.
Steve laughed at his omega’s shocked expression and internal thought that he would never do that, by the time Tony had to make his last public speech later that evening he would be so desperate for his Alpha’s cum he could be manipulated into saying and doing whatever Steve demanded of him.
Twisting he grabbed the Captain, managing to head butt him, allowing him to get his hands up and around his damaged throat. He gasped as he felt a knife scrape against his side, fortunately his uniform stopped it from going in deep.  He could see the fury in the Captains eyes at the loss of his omega as he watched Tony be sucked through the Portal. Suddenly the Captain went ridged above him, a scream tearing from his damaged through as his body began to convulse.
“Bring her up to the Pent-House tomorrow Happy, it’s the weekend and baby Tony is going to help his auntie get her milk flowing, after all they do say breast is best.”
There was a tingling round the base of his cock and balls, he reached down and tugged at the band, which slid easily if his cock.  Throwing it to the floor he took hold of his cock, stroking it just how he like it, he imagined it was Tony’s small hand gripping it,  nail dragging over his piss slit, before squeezing his head, ruby lips leaning down to suck his length into the warm heat of his mouth, he was so close he just needed the graze of teeth on his cock, that tightness of a  knot choking his mouth, a finger shoved up his ass as he swallowed his alpha’s cum, then he would be given permission to cum.
Thor kept her hanging on his knot until he felt the quickening of his seed in her womb, he wanted Loki pregnant always, even without her magic or enhanced strength she was still a cunning bitch.  If her womb was always full then what strength or power that may manifest in her body in the future would always be siphoned off to ensure the pups grew strong and healthy.
There can be no preparation, only brute force can rip through the thick hymen, it is the final act of turning, that, and the biting of the mating gland.  He has spent the last hour rubbing his cum all over Tony’s body and face, scenting him, he will do so every day until his possessiveness and territorial instincts settle into a more manageable state.
“Oh sweetheart, you can’t help being weak, maybe it’s because all your strength is used for your designs and work and there is nothing leftover for your personal life.  That’s why l had to step up and take control, you need my love, guidance and discipline in your life so that you don’t end up dead from exhaustion and your addictive personality.
It is interesting to see how different readers interpret things and how seriously they feel about certain aspects.
He had cried himself out and begged for forgiveness, which Sir and Daddy had given, but it was not going to stop any of his punishments.
Banner just at that moment shuffled through the kitchen entrance, head down engrossed in the information flowing across the screen of his Stark pad.  Natasha quickly steered him in to a chair whilst Steve place a mug of tea in front of him.  Banner paid them no attention until he had drunk his second cup of tea.
He knew that conceiving at this time was next to impossible, but he wanted to see that small swollen belly heavy with his child in the future.  He had talked with Pepper and knew that there probably would need to be medical intervention due to Tony’s age, the arc reactor and the damage done by the palladium poisoning in the past.
She didn’t like being show up by a mere mortal and an omega at that.  Still now was not the time to show her displeasure, she would make the little bitch pay at a later date.  For now, the breeder whore would have to take the brunt of her displeasure.
Everything seemed to be in hand on the Pepper front, so he left them to it.  He wanted to spend some time with his sweet boy, it had been a while since he had him hanging off his knot.
Hugging Tony closer, he waited for him to calm down once again before he decided to broach the final topic of conversation, and in his opinion the most important one.
His eyes were lined with black khol not too heavy just enough to be noticeable and his lips glistened with a clear gloss, at least Steve had been please with him for having at least the bare minimum of makeup.  Tony had only used it on the rare occasions he wanted to play the doe eyed omega to encourage his latest one night stand into the bedroom.
If you are wondering why l don’t just let you voluntarily step down into Beta position, the reason is that l want to show my complete dominance and ownership of Stark Industries. Stark Industry employees know me as Captain America and see me as the ultimate Battle Pack Commander, they need to be certain that l am able to command respect and exert my power over any would be challenger to my position as owner of this Company.”
“Sweet heart of course I will be with you, apart from being your husband and loving you I am now legally responsible for all aspects of your health and wellbeing.  All you need to do is listen to Dr Gottlieb and be a good boy for me, can you do that for me darling? You do want to make me happy don’t you so that we can be together?”
Thor watched, stroking his thickening cock, as Loki’s faced morphed from angry to puzzled and then as he smeared his precum down his length a flicker of pain shot across her face, her eyes widening, a whine slipping from her lips.
Holding his position, he leaned down to suck and lave his omega’s plump hard nipples fingers massaging the swollen pecs.  Withdrawing his cock almost fully he then plunged back in setting a harsh pace aware that nothing less would keep his omega’s cunt walls stretched and stop the muscles from tightening up again.
Steve reached down and took hold of Tony’s cock and balls, rolling the soft appendage between his large fingers, it didn’t take long for it to plump up and start leaking a few drops of clear precum. His own cock hardened as he took in the shocked face of his baby boy when he finally realised how much his cock had shrunk.
“Pepper, you can say goodbye to Sex Doll for the rest of the evening, it’s time for you to pay your dues. Dad has invited his five oldest clients to dinner, clients that we’re looking forward to fucking teenage Pepper’s ass and cunt.  Do you know how much face dad lost when you ran off to college and didn’t come back, not even for the holidays.
“ Wonderful sweetheart, you have reached your target weight of 85 kilograms, I am so proud of you.   My baby deserves a celebration breakfast, come on let’s go down and tell the team, they will want to celebrate with us.
He will kill anyone in his way, apart from elite omegas, he collects those omega’s he thinks worthy and takes them for his own.
Now he will be allowed to find and explore his true self and I will protect him and love him and support him through his journey.
Cannot believe that you turned me into a fucking baby, Jesus Christ! Are you completely out of your mind!  It ends, now Steve, no more.  I am leaving, and you better not try and stop me.  I will go to the press and you will be ruined.”
Now let’s clean up and get you omega to feed her pup.  We can discuss this tonight, l have sent some information to your Stark Pad which will help.”
“Look at your body my omega, little tits and no meat on your bones well that is going to change, my pups are not going to be left hungry just because your puny tits can’t produce enough milk.  When we get back to our floor Bucky is going to administer the injections the Doctor gave us so that your tits can be enhanced to a size that will support feeding all my pups, don’t worry Bucky is a trained field medic so he knows what he is doing.
Steve screams reverberated round the cell as the Captain’s fangs tore into his alpha glands, ripping them to shreds, he shook apart as cum flooded his ass and his cock was squeezed and milked of a few clear drops of liquid.  His vision darkened as blood flowed down his chest, the harsh breaths of the Captain hot against his face as he took possession of his mouth in a brutal kiss.
Bucky squeezed Tony’s breasts smiling at the omega’s sleepy whimper of pain, he could not wait to see what size they would end up being, his cock stirred at the thought of marking big fat tits with his cum, maybe he could get Steve to pierce them eventually.  The other piercings he had in mind could wait until the pups were born.
Tony squirmed and kicked out not wanting to be restrained, but in his weakened state it was easy for Steve to place the soft restraints round his wrists and ankles, securing him to the bed rails. His little headspace had receded somewhat during his bath, Steve had not been happy that he had screamed and shouted splashing water at him whilst trying to climb out of the bath and escape.  Slipping and falling face first back into the water due to his weakened limbs had frightened him, Steve had scooped him out, quickly cocooning him in a thick warm towel, cuddling his shaking body as much to his mortification he had started to wail and sob in shock.
“You are doing so well Tony, keep pushing and soon it will all be over, you will have four more beautiful pups, to care for, not even the omegas of Asgard can boast of birthing seven pups over the period of one year.”
Bruce nodded in agreement, drained his coffee leaving the kitchen muttering to himself about what brand would be the best suited to fit Tony’s needs.
The President still coming down from the high of fucking an alien could only manage a grunt of satisfaction as he buttoned up his pants before gathering his wits to give his after dinner speech.
The last pup took his own sweet time making his appearance, by which time Tony was exhausted sobbing mess, even his Alphas wanted him to let the midwife intervene and help deliver the pup.  Tony did not give in even after Steve used his Alpha voice much to all their shock.
Tony looked exquisite his arms strapped above his head his knees spread wide so that his holes and pretty little cock were on full display. He didn’t bother with the chest or neck strap, wanting full access to the slender neck and pert nipples. He fed his cock into the lax mouth and spilt his load, massaging the omega’s throat to ensure that he didn’t choke as he swallowed.  The small dribble that escape he rubbed into the pale skin covering the slightly swollen neck glands.  His next load he sprayed over the omega’s entire body rubbing the thick cream into his skin, especially around the pert nipples and now plump cock.
Brushing his fingers over Tony’s baby cock, he hid his smirk as the tiny thing immediately hardened and squirted a few drops of clear cum.
Raising his hand, he cracked down on Tony’s left cheek before swiftly smacking his right. Keep a steady rhythm but withholding most of his strength he alternated smacks until his omega’s ass cheeks glowed and Tony’s hitched breathing was the only noise to be heard.  Digging his fingers in to the heated flesh he scratched his nails over the reddened skin, his omega’s hiss of pain and tearful whimpering satisfying him that his omega was truly sorry.
2.	Labour and birth will be celebrated in the presence of the pack as was traditional in the past so that both the pups and the pack recognise each others scents and form the beginning of pack bonds. You will be able to show your pack what a good strong omega bitch is capable of.  After the birth you will be sequestered with the pups as is normal so that you can fully bond with them.  The amendment to this tradition is that it will not be for the full original term, it is not needed as bonding takes only a few days and the rest of the time was so that omegas could regain their health and post pregnancy body shape. Due to healing factor given by the serum you will not need this length of time and also since you will be bred again straight away.
Good Bucky thought, now all I need to find out is Banner’s stance on omegas.  Pepper Potts would not be a problem as long as products for SI kept being produced by the omega, she had been instrumental in insuring Steve bonded with Tony Stark so would only be too happy that he would have another Alpha to keep him in check.
It was a relief that Tony had aged down whilst asleep, and did not protest the Pull-up and footie pjs that he had dressed him in.  Whilst not a baby he was still only about 4 years old in this headspace, so it was easy for him  slip his thumb out of his mouth and to guide his mouth onto Pepper’s nipple and hold his head on place.
“Oh Tony you have not earned that pleasure yet, this will only come off when I am satisfied you are going to be a good little knot slut, when you belly is full to bursting and you cock sucking mouth can’t swallow another drop of my seed.”
The taste of the thick creamy paste was disgusting, he tried putting his tongue over the end of the feeding tube and sucking slowly but only succeeded in nearly choking himself when there was a sudden change in the speed and pressure of the flow. All he could do was keep swallowing; he wasn’t even sucking on the feeding tube now.
Steve carefully packed Tony’s collar, cuffs and rings in their velvet lined cases, he hated that they had to be removed for the surgery, thankfully it would only be a matter of days instead of weeks before he and Winter would have the satisfaction of replacing them once they had bonded their omega again.
Pepper woke with a start, flailing as the large bean bag she had been placed on dipped as she tried to sit up.  The darkened room lit up as screens came on, each screen showed a mouth, repeatedly saying ‘Pepper, Sex Doll’, it took an embarrassing amount of time to recognize that the voices belonged to Steve, Happy and Natasha Romanov, every few seconds images flashed on the screens of a strawberry blond haired woman being fucked in all kinds of positions by numerous men, sucking cock, being bound, gagged and restrained, being dominated and humiliated.  There was no escaping the sound or the brief clips, if she closed her eyes or covered her ears, a high pitch alarm screamed out until she removed her hands and reopened her eyes.
Stripping off his jeans and t-shirt he moved behind Tony pulling him back against his chest, letting his cock rub against his smaller mate’s ass whilst his hands grabbed hold of his omega’s breasts. Breathing in the sweet scent of his omega he sucked on their mating bond growling as his omega mewled and ground back on his cock.  Dipping two fingers in to the folds of Tony’s pussy he stroked and rubbed the soft skin until he found the tiny clit hidden within.
He preferred Tony’s new body to the compacted muscled one of his Iron Man days. The soft curves and petite frame were much more becoming of an omega, he was glad that his small breasts would not disappear and there would always be a softness to his omega’s stomach.  He was going to buy Tony so many pretty things to wear, no more business suits or tatty jeans and wife beaters.  He would make sure that his omega momma dressed appropriately, in a style that was befitting Captain America’s omega.
Bruce personally escorted Tony down to the lab, hand constantly rubbing the knot of nerves on the back of his neck, keeping the small omega calm, and settled.  He didn’t want any question from the omega or for Tony to take too much notice of what was going on.
Now you will remain in this position until I say otherwise, if you want that ache in your belly and your empty cum hole filled. Can you feel the need building, the craving to be fucked and filled with your Alpha’s cum.  Soon you will be begging me for it, willing to do anything to feed your addiction.  You already know that your pups are hungry and your bad behaviour means that you are making them suffer.”
I have watched you bath a prepare yourself for me, without needing any prompting, smother your skin in cream to keep it soft and pale for me.  I have only given you a minimal number of orders, the rest have been mere suggestions or idle thoughts spoken out loud.  In fact, even with BB, the list and the time scale were not my orders, those are the processes all farm milk cows have to go through.
“Take it Natty deceived you and your Avengers about her orientation.  Omega Black Widows are rare but not unheard of, Natasha is definitely an Alpha Widow and knew almost straight away that Natty was a lying little whore.  Hence her harsh punishment, she is never going to be free again and will never have the chance to manipulate or kill again.
Loki rolled his eyes, smirking as he milked Thor’s cock, the stupid oaf had no way of undoing the spell without Frigga’s agreement and that she would never give, even Odin had never managed to make her change her mind once she had set on a course of action. Omega he might be but there was no way he would end up like the pathetic mortal omega, nothing more than a brood mare, he may enjoy looking after the pups, but Hel would freeze over before he allowed Thor to impregnate him.
As much as he tried to act as an Alpha it is clear he had been spiralling out of control for a long time.  His behaviour and acting out was nothing more than a cry for the attention of a strong Alpha to take him in hand.
“Thor! Don’t you fucking dare, I will find some way to end you, you idiotic oaf!  Is it not enough that you control my appearance and have turned me into a fucking breeder!”
Tony signed quickly with his usual messy scrawl after Nurse Meyer removed one of his mitts, paying no heed to the voice in his head shouting that he should never sign a contract that he had not read. He was so tired and just wanted curl up and sleep in Steve’s embrace.
Tony/Daisy was a sight to behold, booted legs stretched wide, thighs quivering with the strain of balancing in such high heels, fleshy behind thrust out just begging to be fucked, stomach glistening with buttermilk oil, those mammoth tits trapped in the stocks hung like pendulums, swaying with each tug on teats thick  as one of his fingers, milk squirting from each bruised nipple in to the waiting metal pail.
Natasha licked her fingers, the taste of omega juice sweet on her lips. Her eyes were drawn to the drops of creamy milk dripping for the omegas heaving breasts. The fat nipples raw and swollen from the extended used of the clamps, she supposed that it was time to help the omega get more comfortable before Steve came back and went all protective of the omega, although it would be interesting to see how long the Alpha resisted his own natural urges to fuck the ripe omega.  She didn’t know what this world’s Steve and Dr Banner had done or whether this was just natural to this world but she could scent the low burn of an omega in pre heat and had done ever since they arrived at the Compound, it should be impossible for a pregnant omega to go into heat.
Winter laughed, poor little omega had no idea of the surgery he would be facing after the pups arrived.  Still it would mean a much healthier and fertile omega, free of the shrapnel and the arc reactor.   Yes, he could allow this last orgasm as a gift to their stubborn mouthy omega, who might eventually learn his place.
“Tony that is enough!  You will present yourself for punishment right now, I gave you fair warning 5 minutes ago that your objections to this interview and photo shoot are emotionally unsound and therefore invalid.  Pregnancy hormones gives you a bit of leeway but when you devolve in to screaming insults and throwing objects at me then my tolerance of your temper tantrum is at an end.
“Come kneel before us omega, we have a special collar for you to wear tonight, tomorrow your new permanent collar will be fitted.”
To his utter shame, there was a part of him which had been buried and mostly unsatisfied for the last two years that meant it.
“Thank you, Bruce, that’s great news, I was never comfortable with Jarvis have full autonomy, but Stark was a stubborn bastard and it was the one thing I could never get him to bend on.”
Tony’s struggles to pull away became even more frantic when he felt Steve’s knot start to grow and push past his teeth, pressure on the back of his head forced his mouth to stretch open wider, jaw aching and popping as his Alpha’s knot forced its way in to rest on his tongue filling his mouth and his cock slid deep into his throat.  Tony swallowed convulsively round the obstruction but the massaging action sparked Steve’s orgasm, swelling his knot even further locking it in place, pumping jet after jet of cum down into his stomach.
Winter rolled the fat nubs a few times, pinching and tugging them until they stood hard and erect.  He repeated this with all the tiny newly formed nipples, nibbling and biting the tender flesh as Tony’s whining grew louder and louder.
“Hmmm, thank you Tony, but l think you are not being telling the whole truth.  Yes, you needed to pee, but l would suggest that you may have wanted to make Steve jealous as you were being ignored.  Did you perhaps catch Ty’s eye and nod towards the restroom?
“There you are my pretty little omega, just in time for the main event, now hold still whilst I turn you over, going to do this the traditional way, face down arse up, legs wide so that virgin pussy is on display.
Bruce decided that Petey was much prettier with plump rosy cheeks and soft fleshy thighs that he could pinch and bite.  Petey’s stomach was huge now, only days away from giving birth.  He was dressed in a pink smock with a Peter Pan collar, frilly white panties and socks with patent leather t bar shoes.  The servants had combed and plaited his hair, tying them off with white bows.  Bruce fed up with his tears because he hated pink had place a large dummy gag in his mouth.  Petey was in for a spanking when they returned to earth.
We were walking home through the park after dinner at that little diner you like because its décor is all 1930s/1940s, it was dark and we stopped by the fountain.  We sat on the edge chatting and cuddling, then you leaned in to kiss me, just at the moment our lips met one of the park police patrols stopped an shone their torches on us, you startled so badly that you lost your balance and we both fell back into the fountain.
Arms behind your back, into the leather sleeve, don’t want you trying to pull off your milking cups.  The chains from your nose and earrings will ensure that you cannot rise up further than the head of the wooden cock. I won’t put on your mask today as you wanted to see your aunt Four Titties.  Tomorrow it goes on, we find that it makes out cows concentrate on just milking their tits if they have no distractions.  Open your mouth for the feeding hose, good cow, the mouth guard means you cannot spit any feed out, the faster you suck and swallow the more feed you get, which in turn means your milk yield increases.
“Baby l know how tired you are so you can just kneel and warm my cock whilst, l go over your new rules. You are not allowed to interrupt and any hint of teeth on my cock any you will receive a spanking. Now listen and remember each rule, because there are consequences varying in severity for breaking any of them.
“BB you look beautiful, that gown shows how stunning your figure is, why don’t you drink your wine whilst I see to Darcy, the horny bitch needs a good fucking with a real Alpha dick, her toys just get her all riled up and ready for the real thing.”
“Oh, sweet heart, don’t cry, all finished now. I know it is all a bit over whelming, but the doctor will be along in a moment to explain everything.  Now I am just going to get Alpha Rogers, nothing like getting some good old comfort from your Pack Alpha.”
“Dad you drive, Pepper and l are going to get reacquainted, it’s time for this slut to start performing her sisterly duties.”
“Pretty little megs, don’t you think Pepper, bought and paid for and no one is going to miss them, exactly what I need to test my new serum.  If you want to destress for a while there are other megs that you can fuck at the clinic, but these ones are for testing, and I doubt that Alpha Rogers wants you mating an omega that he has not approved of anyway, and certainly  not some pathetic loser omegas like these.  No, Steve will use your mating within the Packs to form a business alliance.”
It was difficult to see Pepper whilst he was stuck under the table warming Alpha’s cock but once he was impaled on Steve’s cock during dessert he glanced briefly at her before he lost himself to his consuming need to be fucked and filled.
If you want it, let me hear you say it.  No more pretending that you aren’t anything but an omega whore, just three holes to be used and abused.”
Once Steve had secured Tony he watched as the doctor pressed a button to separate the table and stretch his omega’s thighs obscenely wide so that he could scoot between them giving him full access to his nether regions. Tony’s holes and genitals were on full display, Steve’s cock plumped up at the sight he would be making full use of those stirrups for his own internal exam once the doctor had finished his.
He really hoped that none of his pups would be omegas, but if they were he would love them whole heartedly and ensure that they had the freedom to live their lives as they wanted.  He was not sure how he would make it happen but he would do anything to protect them from being bonded against their will.  He may have lost his freedom to choose but he would fight his Alpha in any way possible to have his pups grow up free to love and bond with whoever they want be they Alphas or Omegas.
He pulled out his fingers, rubbing Tony’s swollen clit and pussy lips, smearing his juices over them before moving his fingers up to Tony’s soft mons, it was strange to think that once the omega’s cock and balls had hung from here, but he rather liked the smoothness, reminded him of the times he had stroked Peggy’s pussy as she drove the jeep, trying not to crash it.  It had been a game they played, see who could jerk each other off on the long drives between camps.
“Dad, never stopped looking for you, he said that if he had to have an omega for a son, at least he could offer me as a ‘mate’ for Captain America when he found him, so that I wouldn’t be such a disappointment.”
You were self-destructing without even realising it, hurting everyone in your path and not caring at all.  This is what happens to unbonded omegas if left on their own for too long with no Alpha to guide and instruct them why do you think there were so many Omega Sanatoriums in the early 1800s, the suicide rate was so high that omegas were in danger of dying out. This is why The Omega laws were passed.
Tears stream down his face as his body slowly adjusts to its new purpose, he can feel the burning heat in his loins as Steve’s seed floods into his newly formed uterus, he cants his hips up so that his Alpha can pushed deeper, his knot shredding the tender flesh of his pussy.  He keens as Steve bites into his swollen mating gland, the overwhelming sense of belonging to his Alpha floods his senses as Steve continues to pound into him, pressing him down into the mattress with the weight of his body. He loses himself to another intense string of orgasms as he feels Steve’s elation through their bond, the whispered words ‘mine, mine, mine’ echoing through his head.
Natasha laughed as she precisely cut her pancake into equal pieces and proceeded to eat them with great relish.
“Steve thank god you have found me, please get me out of here I don’t like this place, I don’t know what is going on they will not tell me anything, that nurse with you just keeps saying to me it is for my own good and I will be a better person after conditioning, what the hell does that even mean?
“Peter, it will all work out in the end, I know that you don’t want to be like me but it’s not so bad really, Steve and Winter are dominant as fuck Alphas and keep me in my place, they are kinky fuckers which suits me just fine, the fucking and knotting is amazing, even though I could do with not being continually bred.  I get to do a bit of tinkering in the lab when I have behaved or get a genius moment and my brain is going to explode if I don’t get it down.
Steve held each heavy breast, fascinated by the deep purple hue of the skin, although free of the suction cups the bands would ensure that the blood flow remained partially restricted, the deep colour would lighten slightly but still be an obvious contrast to the rest of Tony’s pale skin.
“Steve l think we should arrange a photo shoot for Tony, there will be immense interest in him after your interview airs.  It is an ideal opportunity to promote him as the perfect poster omega for the new Omega Laws.  It will also show that omegas can still be attractive and and desirable to their Alphas after breeding, and will give all those lesser omegas something to aspire to, making it easier for consensual bonding to be arranged.”
The night passed in a blur of heat induced fucking, her body burning and aching to be fucked  and bred, in the early hours of the morning she felt flush of heat leave and knew that once again her womb had caught her Alpha’s seed.
“Well Peter, l cannot say l am surprised that you have ended up on my table, I told your Alpha that this should have been done weeks ago when you were first pregnant.
Tony’s heart and mind stutters at those words, his desperation overwhelming him, his omega mind telling him to supplicate himself, his body burning with the need to be fucked and mated, but there was a small voice crying out for him to fight against his omega instincts, to not bend to the will of his soon to be again Alphas.
“That’s right Natty, you will carry the first genetically modified hybrid babies. Bruce and the Captain want loyal soldiers that answer only to them.  I want Bruce to come back to our world and see you swollen with pups and your earlier litters suckling on your teats.
Steve could feel Tony’s body shaking under his hand.  Tony was kneeling on the floor of the limo held in place by Steve’s hand grasping his hair and holding his head against his thigh.  Each sob and gasp for breath sent a tremor through his cock which was filling Tony’s mouth and throat, once in a while he would withdraw just enough for Tony to get a few breaths of air into his burning lungs before thrusting back in again.
But don’t you worry, daddy is not going to want any of those babies, he only wants you.  Pepper and Happy will raise all the babies.  That’s why Auntie Nat is going to be CEO when Pepper goes on maternity leave, and when she comes back to work, she will be Natasha’s PA just like she was for you.”
“Good girl Betty, can’t have my omega falling asleep, want you awake and fully aware when our bond forms.”
Steve joined in, both alphas fucking their omega as he lay trapped between their bodies, the wanton sounds pouring from his lips has as their knots caught, locking them all together had Steve and Winter flooding his holes with thick creamy cum as they shot load after load.
Tony shivered under the gaze of all the other alphas as he knelt beside his Alpha’s chair, knees apart so his glistening pussy was on display, his juices dripping onto the floor as the plug in his asshole vibrated continuously.
Happy was furious with her, how dare she embarrass him on front of Steve and the others.  It was time to reign the bitch in once and for all.  Striding over to her he grabbed hold of her jaw, forcing her mouth open so he could push in the ball gag, and strap it round her head.
Steve’s large fingers gripped Tony’s weeping cock pumping it, smearing pre cum along its short length a nail raking across his slit was Tony’s undoing, with a scream he came spurts of cum coating Steve’s fingers.  His Alpha continued to work his cock milking it of every last drop, the pleasure he had felt in his release started to turn to pain as his over sensitive flesh was tugged and stroked, the friction burning as his cum dried from the warmth of his Alpha’s hand.
Now it was no bigger than a couple of inches just as the doctor had said and incapable of becoming fully erect.  It was still sensitive to his Alpha’s touch plumping up slightly as Steve’s fingers glided across it to rub at the smooth skin behind it.
Inside the office Tony’s face was mashed to the floor tongue licking up the cold congealed cum, the Captain’s booted foot holding his neck in place. Steve released Tony once he was satisfied that the desk and floor was cleaned to his satisfaction.
Any omegas that showed intelligence beyond normal parameters were set to work in whatever field they excelled at, they were kept under close supervision and bred continuously at the same time by many different highly intelligent alphas to widen the gene pool and produce high quality alpha pups.”
With that parting shot she left Tony alone with his stern faced Alpha who had undoubtedly not yet finished with punishing his wayward omega.
“Dr Gottlieb you mentioned a problem with my husband, is Tony alright?  I had hoped to be here earlier but the meeting with the Judge took longer that I had expected.”
Bruce had taken the time to sit with him and go through all the medical evidence, studies and reports on the detrimental physical and psychological effects to omegas that did not go through the natural heat process, sustain an Alpha bond, or birth litters of pups.
Steve and Winter were both waiting for him as he entered the bedroom, sinking to his knees he bowed his head waiting for instruction, a slither of heat unfurled in his belly as his Alphas towered over him.  Ropes of cum landed on his back and head, sliding down his back into his crack, he kept perfectly still as cum dripped in his face, the only movement was the slight flick of his tongue as he caught drops of cum and quickly swallowed them, hoping that his unruly curls would hide his disobedience. The new bond had intensified his craving for his Alphas cum, Bruce had informed them that it would take time for his enhanced metabolism to adapt and find the right balance and had placed him a high intensity feed of cum shakes and omega meal supplements.  Both his Alphas had been advised to fill him or, coat his skin with cum as many times as they wanted throughout the day.
The Professor had removed her full nanotech suit to check on her and the Pups, then she had been tube fed for days, strapped to a hospital bed, until she had put on the weight she had lost and a few lbs extra on top.  The suit had gone back on the moment she had been released from the medical wing as the nano technology monitored her and the pups and helped support her huge stomach, but Mistress in the only act of kindness she had ever shown had allowed the hood to be kept of when Natty had had a horrendous panic attack the moment she couldn’t see or hear.  She knew that it wouldn’t last that they would desensitise her again, it was all about power and control and Natasha would never let Natty have any, once these bastard pups were spawned, she knew she would be tied to the breeding bench again.
“Steve just think how small he would be, our bitch would be 5ft 1in, then he really would be our little doll, I can just imagine him spit roasted on our knots, little arms and legs hanging inches of the floor.”
Steve had knotted him and bred him so many times he had lost count, his stomach was swollen and round in a parody of pregnancy.  It was another trick of omega biology, giving the Alpha a symbol of what would become real if he followed through on rutting continuously with his omega during its heat.
He dared not move closer, the pheromones Tony was giving off just begged him to fuck him.  He pushed hard at his cock, willing it to go down but his alpha instincts wanted to ravage  and bond with the splayed out omega, to take what was his and remove the marks of the alien Captain.
Each cheek received twenty strikes of the same paddle he had used at dinner, then he had her lay on her back with her legs spread and hooked over her arms, so her cunt and hole were fully exposed, her swollen clit glistening.
It startled her to see Tony in the milking stall opposite her, his full head of hair gave it away that he wasn’t going to be here permanently, this was probably just a punishment for bad behaviour.
One other thing that would also be beneficial is that your omega will also receive the benefits of more serum in his body, he will be physically healthier and stronger so that his body will be able to sustain the rigours of being bonded to two Alphas and will also heal faster after each pregnancy which will mean you can breed him more often than other omegas would be able to cope with.
During our initial consultations you also inquired with regards to certain body modifications that are available.  Firstly, the permanent removal of all body and facial hair is one of the standard procedure available at this clinic which will be completed with this final detox, the drugs are already being introduced into his system as we speak.
Tony sobbed in relief when the screens darkened and the music ceased. Curling up as small as his trembling aching limbs would let him he stared at the darkened screens to afraid to close his eyes, unconsciously sucking on the pacifier as tears streamed down his cheeks.
Clint started to back away, desperate not to get caught again giving Tony food that was not on his list for today, Cap’s disappointed stare made him feel like he was a naughty child and was about to get sent to detention.
Steve hid his smile in the riot of curls on the omega’s head.  He couldn’t have planned this better if he had tried.  The semi- conscious omega’s mind was still muddled by the sedatives he’d been given, the stupid omega was under the impression that he was talking to his own Steve Rogers.  He needed to take full advantage of this time, as Tony’s mind could snap back into focus at any given moment.
Steve dried off Tony who was half asleep and in no condition to do anything himself the stress and trials of the day had finally caught up with him and he had nothing left to give.  Carrying him to the bed he placed him under the covers and climbed in behind him.
Steve could only stare, stunned by the appearance of the battered and scorched armour, mind flashing back to the battle three weeks ago when Beta Tony Stark had fallen from the sky, hit by an EMP device he had crashed to the ground amidst ruins of the latest Dr Doom attack.   Since then Stark had been in a coma, not even the Cradle had been enough to heal all his injuries. TBI and PVS had been the words the doctors used to describe his condition.
Tony screamed and begged and swore that he would be the perfect omega for his Alpha as Steve’s smacks reined down on his behind. Each blow resonated throughout his body, his behind bruised purple by the time the final strike landed. His screams turned to heaving sobs as his Alpha picked him up and held him close.
Peter could feel the tears threatening to fall again, it was always the same each time he came.  He would begin awkwardly babbling the minute he saw his aunt, eyes darting all over the place, trying not to settle on her semi naked form.  His aunt would sigh and depending on whether she was gagged or not tell him he was not to blame and that it was all her fault for not realising his orientation and stopping him from falsifying his test results.
Steve slapped Tony’s clenched butt cheeks hard twice before he got the result he wanted.  Tony’s face he noted was the same shade red as his burning butt cheeks as his bowels emptied into the bath tub. The shower head made quick work of cleaning away the watery waste, a soapy sponge ensure that his baby boy was also clean.
He watched as his little alpha wondered into the communal lounge, bare feet slapping on the marble floor as he stumbled into the kitchen, making a bee line for the coffee machine.  Standing he moved to stand behind him, reaching over to take the cup of coffee before Tony could even take a sip.  He revels in the closeness of their bodies, his  cock stirring as he steers the tired genius in to the lounge and onto the couch, biding him to lay down his head on a cushion and his small feet in his lap.  He traces the lines of delicate bones and blood vessels, rubbing his arches, eliciting small moans from the sleepy genius. He wonders what kind of noises his little alpha will make when he finally sinks his cock into his tight virgin ass hole.
Stomping back to the cabin after setting her up for the night he threw off the stupid milk maid smock, showered and put on his stockings and heeled slippers, thankful for the cream that he could rub into his skin to take away the irritation of the cotton dress.
Our PR department will hand out details of Tony’s new Instagram account, l am allowing this as l understand he has many fans and that people are concerned for his health and l think this will show how his recovery is progressing, without the pressure of press conferences and the constant stalking of the paparazzi.”
Steve allowed Tony to sleep for another hour before rousing him and ushering him into the bathroom to start preparing him for the evening ahead.  The dresser and makeup artist would be arriving within the next hour so he had plenty of time.
“Sweet boy, this is such a good look for you.  I am going to order you some pretty panties to wear when you are my little twink and cute shorts and dungarees for my kindergartener.
Captain Rogers this film is going to make a fortune as is, but the final scene if you allow him to take part will guarantee us a fortune.  You know the name of the film, this golden shower scene is essential, and the watchers are going to pay top dollar to see the pair of them.  It will be good with just Pepper but look at your little slut, he is pure gold in front of the camera.”
“Does that feel good baby? Your cunt is designed for taking cock, it’s natural and right that you want your Alpha to keep it filled.  Especially when you have been denying your true orientation for so long.
Tony drifted, eyes fluttering closed, held tight against Daddy’s chest he felt safe and protected, “Paci, Daddy please.”  He startled when three fingers were pushed into his mouth instead of his pacifier.
The shendyt was made of high quality linen with fine accordion pleating that hugged his backside and skimmed the tops of his thighs at the back, the front crossed over in an inverted v shape, only the sash hanging down the middle prevented his cock from being on display, which would still be a possibility if he moved the wrong way.
“Beautiful, just beautiful doll, such a whore for your Alphas, we are going to knot you day and night, filling you with our cum, and when your next heat hits in three months we are going to leave you writhing until you come crawling to us, begging us to knot you and breed you.”
Ropes of pearly cum coated his chest and even splashed on his face, his still hard cock twitched with each pulse of his alpha’s cock.  Steve’s large hands roamed his body, massaging cum over every inch of available skin, mindful not to jostle his injured limbs.  Tony moaned as Steve rubbed his fingers along his perineum, jostling his plugged hole but never touching his cock and balls.
“Dirty, horrible brat!  You will stand in that corner until Captain Rogers arrives and even then, you will not move until I have told him how rude and un-cooperative you have been.
“Tony you cannot feed yourself at this moment due to your injuries and the necessity of keeping your uninjured hand restrained so that you do not dislodge your feeding tube. As your Alpha it is my decision that you will be fed by hand by myself or one of the other pack members for the time being, it aids in the bonding process between yourself and the rest of the Pack, also this is the one of the practices that a traditional omega follows, it is part of your submission as an omega to give yourself over to the complete care of your Alpha, trusting that he will always provide for you.”
“Steve, thank god I have managed to get here in time, how much longer before the portal appears, they are minutes behind me. I barely escaped, it was only because I managed to disarm Widow and steal her bites and shocking the Captain, that I managed to get a head start.”
“Captain Rogers I think you will be extremely pleased with the results of the height reduction treatment, Tony is now only 5ft 1 inch in height.  He has surpassed the maximum 5 inches reduction which is due I believe to the combination of medications he received.  We will continue to monitor his height for the period of his stay as this is the first medically recorded use of this combination of drugs on a human subject so there could be further loss.
It was infuriating to have to kneel in silence having to listen to all the snide comments from the pompous old farts and wrinkle old crones, then watch them fawn all over Steve and praise him for being such a wonderful Alpha.  Well he was going to tell them exactly what he thought about their idiotic assumptions that he would be building weapons in between popping out pups.
Cupping Tony’s breasts he gently massages them, pushing them together then down and to the side before bringing them back together in a continuously slow circular motion. The hard globes soften under his fingers flushing pink as the blood circulates and the milk comes to the fore, fingers pinching each pert   nipple he tugs until drops of milk drip from the swollen teats. Lapping up the milk he swirls his tongue around each nipple in turn, nipping and sucking, fingers squeezing each engorged tit.
Bruce had advised him that he could expect a small degree of physical de-aging with the combination dose of extremis and the super soldier serum, the regenerative effects would allow for all prior physical internal and external damage to his body over the years to be healed.
Natasha and Clint smirked as they watched the harried omega rush into the elevator, both Alphas had just returned from a short mission for SHEILD, they no longer did long term undercover assignments, they made it perfectly clear to Fury and Coulson that their allegiance to the developing War Pack came first and Steve as the Pack Leader.
Steve raised himself up on his arms, letting Tony suck in much needed air, watching as the body beneath him suddenly stilled. He saw and felt the exact moment the bond snapped into place. He saw whisky brown eyes widened in shock as his omega also felt the creation of the full bond.
Twenty minutes later after much screaming and cursing he tied two gold braids and cut the second umbilical cord. A second blanket appeared but the pup was greedily sucking on his nipple showing no sign of stopping, much larger than the first pup his little fists grasped his breast as though daring anyone to pry him off.  Tony smiled;
Clint was visibly impressed and even Thor just nodded his head at Steve. Natasha showed no visible signs of being impressed but then she never gave anything away.
He squirms as the plug and dildo begin to expand whilst his tits are being milked, by the time his nipples are released from their suction cups his ass is raised of the chair his holes so full he cannot stand any pressure on them.  Standing up he tries to walk but cannot get his balance or close his thighs, catching sight of himself in the floor length mirror he looks as though he is straddling and imaginary horse.
Bucky had tried to persuade him, but he wasn’t having any of it, that was the first time he had seen the compete rage in Bucky’s eyes and caught him scrubbing his blood-soaked shirt the following morning.  It happened off and on  over the next year, mostly always after they had fought over something Bucky wanted to do and he had refused, it did matter if it was big or small, the outcome always the same, he helped Bucky to cover his tracks and clean up, what else could he do, Bucky was his best friend, the only one who cared about him and protected him when he stood up to bullies.
Unbeknown to Tony, Steve had not fully left he was watching through a small gap in the door he wanted to see if Tony would follow his order.
They are greeted with smiles and hugs of congratulations, Steve loves how much Tony blushes at all the praise, how he curls in close to him as they sit on the couch waiting for the Pizza to arrive.  Film night was a tradition that they all enjoyed.
“Yes, I cannot say his name, its to confusing, you are Steve and Captain America.  I know he is as well but I am trying to disassociate myself and even though the bond is still strong, I hope that with time and distance it will weaken, I don’t think that I will ever be able to bond with anyone else, he has ruined that for me.”
As our Pack Omega you will receive all the love, guidance, care and attention that you have sorely missed out on and needed due to Howard’s shocking failure as a father to treat you as the precious being that you are.”
Thirty minutes later he shut down his computer and pulled his cock free, admiring his omega’s swollen lips and tear stained face.  After pulling him up onto his lap he sucked and nibbled on Tony’s bonding glands until he settled and calmed, his Alpha pheromones swamping the omega’s senses until he lay curled against his chest his hands clutching at his shirt.
Steve watched the flicker of indecision pass over Tony’s face, this just wouldn’t do, he was dammed if this was going to end in failure.
Thor thought of how much he preferred to see Loki in this more feminine and submissive form, how his omega showed dominant traits when fucking Tony in his Asir form, what alpha tendency would he have as an intact male Jotun, he didn’t want Loki to get any ideas above his new station in life as his omega breeder.
Bruce crouched beside Steve, syringe in one hand and a set of vibranium cuffs in his other. He turned him onto his front, quickly fitted the wrist and ankle cuffs before injecting the stunned alpha.
You have one more attempt after I paddle your ass again, don’t disappoint me Petey, remember if you pass this test, you will get a reward, you want to please me don’t you Petey?  Failure means the Hulk gets to play with your cunt this time.”
“Bitch, you do not get to tell us what to do, for that you can just sit there until I decide you can move.  Your cunt is made to take anything we want to put in it and only we get to say when it stops.
“Now tonight is very important for Steve and the Avengers and you need look the perfect femme omega. First l need to fit your chastity belt, the plugs will vibrate all night but you are not allowed to show any reaction, it’s tight and you will not be able to sit comfortably but you will smile and look pretty next to your Alpha. These nipple clamps will bite your nubs but hold back any milk, we don’t want you leaking through your dress.”
As Captain America, it was his duty to protected and serve the people of America and the World, he had made his stand by bonding with Tony Stark.  This war would not be fought on a battle field but in courtrooms and in the press. It was inevitable that the omega population would lose they had had their chance at being autonomous but has gone too far, had shown that they were incapable of having a world view, now they would pay the price of their selfishness.
The Bio Frost deposited Thor and Loki at the entrance to the White House, paying no heed to the startled guards and other guests he led Loki into the Residence and waited for the major domo to announce his entrance into the East Room.
“Captain Rogers as you can see your omega’s useless ball sack is just about ready to move up inside, should happen within the next couple of days but if you would like I can manipulate them in to the small internal pouch of skin now.  It may cause some discomfort to your omega but at least the nasty little things would be out of sight quicker.”
“Good boy, now it’s time to get back to the Gala, Natasha has dropped off your changing “bag, so let’s get you cleaned up, so that all the guests can see how cute and wonderful you are now that you have recovered.”
Now why don’t we go for that ride?  Your bitch can either boil in the sun or if you want can experience a session in the milking shed, I am sure Darcy would enjoy the company.”
I am here tonight to admit I was wrong, since my bonding to Captain America I have come to see that my life before was damaging my physical and emotional wellbeing.  It was also causing undue amounts of stress and worry to those around me who were trying to guide and support me.  I can but apologise sincerely for this and hope to earn their forgiveness.
As he stood he flicked the string of beads setting them in motion again before stripping off his clothes and going in to the bathroom.
Steve watched in dismay as Tony walked forward, he was completely naked apart from a thick leather collar around his neck, he could see the brands on his hands and the mating bite showing just below the collar.  He was smaller and younger looking, his body soft and rounded, but he just felt that he was their Tony.  He couldn’t help but stare at his small breasts and his obviously pregnant stomach, what shocked and horrified him the most was the smooth area of skin between his legs as he walked closer. Tony’s cock and balls were completely gone, there was only a tiny, raised bump where the root of his cock should have been.
Now don’t be stupid, breathe through your nose and l want to feel your tongue working my cock until I decide if you are worth of my cum.”
Steve opened the box and looked at the two brands lying against the blue velvet he had a decision to make about which brand to use and where he would place it.  He had been going to let Tony choose but with his bad behaviour that could not happen.
“Thank you Alpha, I am going to the Hulk containment room now so that I can transform and he can drink this.  I will be back with a sample of our cum to mark Tony with.”
You my dear are going to constantly loath and love being my omega, you had the chance to accept my offer but it’s gone now!”
He became more and more agitated, alternately growling and shouting for his Cyka, until Bruce had finally sedated him.  Once he was secured on the quin-jet they searched the Hydra Base, certain that they would find Bucky’s pet, the Winter Wolf.  What they did find was a torture room, that could be loosely called a laboratory, blood and fur coated the walls, the mutilated bodies of Hydra guards and scientist lay on the floor.  A large cage was shoved against the wall, the door ripped off its hinges, and what appeared to be a shock collar, broken, and discarded attached to a length of thick, heavy chain lay inside the cage.
Now dry your tears, put your cock ring back on, that’s it, that pathetic little thing belongs to me now.
Please talk to me my Watcher, I don’t want to be on my own, I will do anything you want, if you just come and get me.”
Oh this was delightful, Steve’s whole body flushed pink when he pinched both his nipples and then as he bit down on his shoulder he felt him cum again, it seemed Steve was partial to a bit of pain, he could work with that.
There is non consensual bonding and rape of a female in this chapter, do not read if this is going to be triggering or not something you want to read.
Steve pulls out not wanting to finish off in his Tony’s cunt, flipping him over he raises his omega’s ass high in the air and spears his ass hole until he is buried up to the hilt.  Setting a brutal pace, he ravages is omega’s ass thumbs hooked in his omega’s hole stretching it wide.
Hulk proceeded to squeeze and twist the suction cups along with the trapped nipples until with a final tug he pulled them off.  For a few seconds all was quiet then his milk cow let out a low moan which gradually became louder and louder.
The enema liquid continued to flow, he watched fascinated as the pale skin stretched tight over the obscenely bulging stomach.  His cock hardened as the omega’s distressed cries filled the air, switching off the flow he quickly removed the nozzle replacing it in one smooth motion with his cock as he hauled the omega’s legs up and apart so that he could watch the distended stomach ripple and sway as he plunged deep into the tight wet heat over and over until his cum also filled the omega’s swollen belly.
“Ok, do you remember what happen the first time we kissed? We both agreed never to tell that story to anyone.
“Fuck! Fuck! What the hell are you doing are you trying to castrate me? Get off you bastard before you permanently damage my goods, what the hell!”
“Now baby this is the part where you get punished, don’t think daddy didn’t feel your naughty fingers trying to steal his phone.  You are going to staying kneeling whilst I fuck your lying mouth, you will not move or make any noise, naughty little boys should be seen but not heard.
Rubber coated gelled fingers penetrated his ass nudging his prostrate, and checking his channel for any tears, scaring, lumps or bumps.  After the fingers withdrew he felt the cold hard metal of the speculum pushing up into his ass, pressing against his walls opening him wide.
“I don’t remember any of that, if you don’t let me up l am going to call security and have you arrested.”
Hulk used two fingers to open up his little Petey’s hole, Bruce had previously injected him with the same serum that Tony had, which would allow for his hole and passage to stretch to accommodate the Hulk’s length and girth.
“I am your omega bitch I want you to fuck me and mate me, I want your cocks to knot my omega pussy until you cum fills my belly with pups.”
Thor took his leave shortly after the last of the grapes had been consumed, eager to inform his fellow pack members of his success in handfeeding their budding omega.  He would also need to make a quick trip back to Asgard, for more of the spelled grapes, Frigga his mother had been only to pleased to imbue the succulent grapes with a fattening potion, each grape had what the midgardians termed, a calorific count of 400.  They could not be eaten for a long period of time, but ten grapes each day for two weeks, would give a substantial boost to their pack omega’s weight.  Alpha Steve had been most appreciative of Thor and his mother’s efforts in aiding Tony to reach his target weight gain.
“Thank you, Captain, if you could just keep your omega quiet and still then l can finish up.  Do you mind if l knot him, l want to see if those little nubs react differently to my cock and knot?”
His seduction of his little alpha is slow, coffee and sandwiches bought down to the lab, questions about his projects, asking him to fix his motorbike, accompanying Bucky for his arm maintenance. When its movie night he makes sure he saves a place next to him on the couch and always has his thick chocolate milkshakes and salted butter popcorn bowls ready for Tony to indulge.  He asks him to accompany him to museums and galleries, saying he doesn’t like going on his own, and Tony would be doing him a favour by accompanying him, he knows that the little alpha is to soft hearted to say no. The trips invariably end with either a picnic in the park or dinner on Steve’s floor, all the food handmade by himself.
Four of the board members are loyal to SI and will always vote with the CEO, they are happy to reap the rewards of their position without having to do any work. As each one retires, they will sell their shares back to the company, and I will be able to appoint non share owning board members who will be easier to get rid of if they go against my wishes.
“Don’t cry little one, if you are a good boy for me, I will make a ruling that you can stay with Captain Rogers Ms’ Potts and that they will have to look after you for the rest of your life, would you like that Tony?”
The next couple of days that followed were an exercise in frustration for them, there was no time where the omega was not in the presence of his Alpha or one of the other Avengers.  The Captain seemed to always want Steve present when disciplined his omega.
Steve was decidedly a stocking man, remnant of his pre ice years, he loved that Pepper had dressed for the occasion, black seamed stocking, with lacy tops, tiny shimmering grey panties and matching lacy bra.  He would have to ask her where she bought her lingerie, he definitely wanted some for his omega.
After a full body scan and blood works, we will then initiate the second phase with the introduction of the specially adapted serum and the new genetic markers that you have chosen. Dr Banner will discuss with you what you can expect from this new genetically modified serum.
Come on Pepper, prove to me that you are still alpha enough to fuck and knot an omega.  Show me that you are willing to perform this service for the good of the Pack, you will get a spa day to yourself if you succeed in getting Natty to drop the first one within the next hour.”
Steve could feel the burgeoning panic of his omega through his link, Tony’s meltdown in the lab had been a turning point for the omega and over the last week his pet had been exceptionally well behaved and submissive. Of course he had still disciplined the omega as prescribed by the Omega Centre, Tony had cried prettily and thanked him for every strike of the flogger or paddle before folding himself over the breeding bench to be fucked senseless by Steve.  Still his little bitch, needed to be tested, and any medical procedures done before the baby developed any further.
“This is both a punishment and a reward my omega, a reward for how you coped so admirably with last night’s meeting and Bucky’s attack, but also a punishment for taking the liberty of sucking my cock without requesting my permission first. This is one of the new rules that I am going to be imposing and for that reason I have not disciplined you as hard for your disobedience this time, now do you have something to say to me?”
Now close your eyes and open your mouth, keep your hands down and don’t struggle it will only jostle your leg.”
She pretended that she was at some expensive beauty salon being pampered and spoiled.  Large fingers stroked her clit before sinking into her cunt pushing more of the healing gel inside, she shivered as a nail grazed her g-spot, gasping softly after repeated strokes had her coming, squirting her juices over the withdrawing fingers.
“There we go sweetheart, doesn’t your omega cock look pretty all locked up it its own little Iron Man armour, and now you also won’t need to worry about any accidents happening.  A traditional omega willingly relies on their Alpha to meet all their mental and physical needs, I will train your body to only eliminate waste when I schedule it during set times of the day.
“Come on sweetheart lets measure and weigh you so that I can let the doctors know and they can decide if they need to see you. Take of your onesie and diaper so we get your exact weight.
After stepping out of his omega sandals, he pushed down his tight-fitting navy dress trousers and slipped his equally fitted white dress shirt off.  Folding them he placed them in the basket in the small changing room to the side of the entrance lobby to the Pack floor.  He grimaced when he saw the item of clothing left out for him to wear today, the pale blue silk mesh panties, once on barely covered his privates.  He outlined his eyes with the black khol pencil and carefully applied the pink tinted lip gloss, Ms Pepper had been insistent that he perfect the art of applying his make-up.
He watched her slip on her thong, which clung to her smooth moms before splitting her sex, the tight red dress skimmed her thighs , the top  barely covering her nipples, silk hold up stockings and three inch black pumps completed her outfit.
“Not happening, don’t you know that coffee is bad for pregnant omega’s, also any other caffeinated drinks are out of the question.
Peter hung in the frame, cum pouring out of his gapping hole as Bruce stroked his face and kissed away his tears.
"Tony I need you to stop pushing I can see your baby’s head, I want you to just breathe or pant let’s deliver this baby nice and slow so you don’t tear.  You are going to feel a burning sensation as your vaginal opening stretches do not give in to the urge to push please.”
Tony’s breath quickened, he could do this, it was getting easier to sink into his omega ness, he didn’t hate his new body and the ability to breath freely still astonished him. Both his Alphas seemed enamoured with him and even though still harsh disciplinarians had lost, for now their sadistic edge.
Pepper signed off on the last document a small secretive smile gracing her lips, glancing briefly across at Captain Rogers she noted the slight upturn to one corner of his mouth and the minute nod of acknowledgement.  Placing to platinum fountain pen to one side she slid the documents into their leather case before passing them across her desk to the Centre’s lawyer who had accompanied the Conditioning Centre’s Co-ordinator sitting opposite her.
All l heard was ‘l, want! I, want!’, do you think that is how a grown man behaves? More like a spoilt, rich bratty kid.
“Sorry Steve, l don’t want to be taken away, l will try harder to learn to be your omega, you have already given me my freedom from Him, so thank you.  I don’t want to disappoint you, but please understand that some things will be difficult for me after the abuse he put me through.”
“Stevie, you should stop picking fights trying to prove you are an alpha, just leave it to me, I will protect you. Your Ma can’t afford another doctor’s bill, hey think of all the treats you could get if they thought they had a chance of fucking a little omega. I could watch and follow and get you away before anything happens.
Steve snapped open the cock ring roughly tugging on his omega’s cock once before Tony screamed his release and spurted clear omega cum into his palm.
You need to ensure that he sticks to the plan, but also eats some fresh fruit and raw vegetables.  I would suggest not letting him have any other foods as it will cause an imbalance in his diet.  He needs to put on weight to sustain this pregnancy especially as he is carrying more than one enhanced pup, I would suggest that his meals are supervised as we all know Tony’s poor eating habits when left to himself.
Tony blushed even more, nodding his head before muttering a quiet yes, warmth curling in his stomach, cock twitching unable to plump up as his Alpha brushed his fingers over the lace panel of his drawers, all the time speaking of all the dirty and depraved things he was going to do to his omega in the privacy of their suite in the tower.
Taking hold of each fat nipple he pulled them taut, stretching them until he heard his omega’s hiss of pain, his cock jerked in his pants as he continued to pull and stretch Tony’s nipples watching the elongation of each breast. He could see his omega struggling to remain silent and on his knees, viciously he jerked him to his feet spinning him round so he faced the mirrored walls of the elevator.
Steve sighed as he spooned some more mush in to his omega’s mouth, leaving the spoon in so that Tony had not choice put to swallow.
“Pepper Piss Potts, now crawl off and get cleaned up, inside and out.  I want you draped over your breeding bench in 20 minutes.”
He spotted the Avengers across the ballroom saw then gather closer around Steve when they saw him. A wall of strength he could not penetrate, there cold hard stares daring him to come no closer.  I would be impossible to speak to Steve directly but there was no more time, this was his last chance to set things straight.
“Steve come join me, bitch’s boy cunt is fucking so loose and sloppy l bet even the Hulk could slide right in.”
He unstrapped the now semi-conscious omega and carried him over to his bed, settling himself against the headboard with a still naked Tony cradled between his thighs. Petting the omega’s curls, he waited for him to full awaken.
If his omega was feeling needy now, he would be extremely frantic and unbridled in his craving in a few hours.
Bruce could feel his knot forming as he thrust deeper into the bitch, Steve’s back was glistening with sweat as he rocked into Tony’s mouth, trying to keep his weight off the omega’s face.  He really was the perfect specimen, hard muscles and golden skin, firm muscular globes flexing and just a hint of his crack as he leant forward.  Reaching out he traced his fingers down the length of his spine.
“Stupid omega, l did warn you to say exactly what you wanted and why.  You asked for your cock to be removed to conform with our laws so you didn’t piss from it when you were being a dirty whore.
After his punishment, Steve had made him drink two full litres of water before they left for Stark Industries, when they arrived, he was already squirming with the need to pee, but his request had fallen on deaf ears.  The lobby was full of employees all eagerly waiting for their chance to fuck him.  Strapped to the breeding bench he winced as his full bladder was squashed against the padded leather.  Tears ran down his face in utter humiliation when he pissed himself after the fourth orgasm, there was a moment of silence from the people watching and then the laughter and name calling started.  A bottle was held to his lips, and he was forced to swallow unless he wanted to choke to death.  The torment went on and on, he orgasmed, pissed, was forced to drink more water and then had to endure the heckling and abuse of those watching him.
If only my mother had let me mate with Loki as my father wished, Loki would never have fallen to Thanos and caused so much death and destruction.  Even now I would bond with him and cure him of his madness but Frigga cannot be persuaded that it is the only course for Loki’s redemption that is possible.”
“Be that as it may this will be the only time this happens, I am doing this as I was a friend of Howard Stark and he would would be saddened to see the Stark name being dragged through the public courts.
“No doctor, my omega with have a natural birth with as little medical intervention as possible.  There was none of these drugs in 1940s and omegas  still managed to give birth.”
Steve continued to spoon the porridge in to Tony’s mouth only giving him time to quickly swallow before the next one appeared, his baby boy was quiet and docile only beginning to fidget as his stomach filled and distended due to the amount he was being fed.  Once the second bowl was empty he placed the teat of the bottle back in Tony’s mouth the angle ensuring that even if he didn’t suck the milk would still flow out of the hole in the teat.
Steve gave into the impulse to cup, the barely there, breasts, running his thumbs over the tiny nubs, licking his lips at they hardened immediately, a small moan had him tweaking each nipple again, fingers pinching and kneading the soft flesh.  Each soft moan causing his cock to harden further at the responsiveness of their omega’s new body.
“No little omega, you are not getting away from me. Going to ride your ass until you scream, you keep still, and quiet, proper little omega bitches take it hard and don’t come until they are given permission.”
Betty couldn’t stop giggling as Darcy stuttered out a thank you before crawling out of the room, her new brand standing out against her pale flesh. Maybe she could coax Sir into letting her brand the other butt cheek. Turning she hopped up onto the table and spread her legs, letting her dress ride up so her naked pussy was on show, her thighs shiny with her juices.
Steve gasped when he caught sight of his baby boy’s cock, a thin band of gold and green sat snuggly round the now considerably smaller base, while two further rings tightly bound and separated his balls. Just as he reached out to touch, Dr Loki flicked his fingers and one of the extra thick punishment diapers he had hidden away appeared, fitting in to place around slim hips and between bow legs.
He allowed Bruce to raise the bed and help him settle in a comfortable position, only then did he become aware that he was naked with only a thin sheet covering his legs, when he tried to cover himself, the sheet was pulled away.
“Steve I am going to give Tony two injections, the first is a mild sedative to keep him clam and the second on is Terbutaline, which will hopefully delay full labour for a time until Tony is more prepared to mentally and physically to cope with it.
Both Alphas stared down at their sleeping omega, still slightly stunned at his transformation.  Tony had been handsome and compact before being bonded and bred, the de-aging effect of his Alphas cum and his pregnancies had transformed his body into soft curves and large breasts, his features younger by a few years, closer to mid – twenties than late thirties.
The old cabin looks as though it has been empty, for years, but it is suitable for their needs as it is within two miles of the rendezvous sight.  They have food and water for the next few days, so just need to lay low and not leave the property.
“kotehok, come on let’s get your Hanten jacket on, it will keep you warm at the hospital.  Steve picked this one out especially for you to wear.”
There is no mistaking his once defined chest has now gone and in place are small breasts with large nipples cradling the arc reactor.  His pregnant belly is  big for three months, he is  carrying high and all at the front.  His rounded butt and dipped in waist the only thing you can see from the back.
Tony groaned as he felt the plug still stretch his gaping hole wider at its fullest point, panting  through the burn he sighed in relieve when it finally passed through and his ring attempted to close around the end of the plug.
Steve fed Tony the cunt juice covered beads, curious to see how many she could take before choking.  His cock hardened again at the fear and alarm on his omega’s face as he pushed another two beads past swollen red lips.
“I am just going to check that the head of the breeding pouch has closed so that the pups are secure, this of course will not stop cum from filtering through to provide sustenance for the pups.
“ Now since you have been good for me you can try and pee in the toilet, but don’t be concerned if it doesn’t happen, your body and mind has adapted to the diapers.
Changing his rubber gloves he placed some gel on his fingers and pushed them up in to Tony’s birth channel.  Tony hissed at the invading fingers and feel of the cold lubricant.  Steve barely restrained himself from ripping the doctor’s arm off for breaching is omega, only the cold impersonal look on the doctor’s face and the white doctor’s coat kept him grounded enough to allow the exam to continue.
Tony lay in a stupor, exhausted and still shocked by the scan results. How the hell was he going to cope with this pregnancy as well as caring for his three girls, not to mention the impossibility of feeding seven pups.  Tears filled his eyes a sob escaping his raw throat as his body began to tremble.
Tony didn’t want to choose, it was confusing, omegas didn’t have the right to choose here, surely Alpha knew that, perhaps this was a test, it had to be. He did not want to be punished again.  Being a good boy meant he got to suckle on Alpha Steve’s cock and not be locked up in his crate, deaf and blind to the world around him.  Maybe he could tell Alpha that he could chose for him, that would be the right thing to do, although he didn’t want to lose what was left of his cock he also didn’t want to make Alpha angry and be caned again.
Often, he would sit and read all the comics and wish he could be Cap’s best friend, Bucky Barnes.  He even fantasised that they were secretly lovers, forever hiding their love as they we both Alphas.  Once when his father was passed out drunk and his mother away at some Charity Gala, he snuck into the room and tried on Cap’s leather jacket, just hugging it and sniffing the faint scent that remained. It was one of his favourite memories as a child, he never forgot the smell of the lingering woody scent.
We have taken all the samples we need, especially your sperm, so that it can be used in our breeding program.  Today is your final milking before we remove your balls, and dock your cock.  You are getting the full omega treatment, patches to make you produce slick, intense hormone therapy to make you even constantly horny and of course your vocal cords will be frozen enough to silence your alpha voice, but the Captain still wants to here you scream.
7.	You will be responsible for making your communal birthing nest, the only rule is that you factor in the size of our pack who will present throughout labour and birth.  It is also your responsibility to ensure that the nursery is prepared for the new pups and that our other pups bond with their new siblings.
“Sweetie you are so beautiful, there is no need to hide from me, I am your Alpha and soon you will be my bonded mate.  The physical changes your body is going through are perfectly normal for an omega.”
May flushed with shame as her cunt clenched at his humiliating words, milking the Alpha’s cum deep into her insides. Winter’s cock pulsed once more flooding her throat making her gag, tears streaming from her eyes as what little gasps of breath she managed was suffocated by the thick liquid filling her throat.
“Now Captain Rogers! Whilst he is distracted, you must do it quickly your omega needs you his waters have broken he is going in to early labour.”
“Steve, please can we just get moving, I’m sorry but my body has been conditioned to react to any kind of stimulation, its so embarrassing, and I don’t know how to stop it.”
Given a short robe and slippers she was led into the hair salon where Andre and Natasha were waiting.
Steve decided to heat both brands before making a decision after all there was nothing to say that he could not use both.  He smiled at the thought, Tony’s body just called out to be marked brand or tattoo. Tony would not be able to escape from Steve and everyone would know that Tony belonged to Captain America.
Steve, Natasha and the Professor were all in agreement that this Bruce would be easily persuaded that their society was far superior to his own and the prize of getting rid of his unwanted alter ego would lead him firmly to the belief that the strict following of  Alpha/Beta/Omega  orientation created a more stable and viable society.
He could feel his omega’s distress at the forced feeding and deep throating punishment and his worry about gaining weight and not being able to fit into the Iron man armour.
These two folders are the merger groundwork for Hammer Industries and Stone International.  You will be working solely on these, if they will not play ball the I expect you to start a hostile takeover of both companies using any means.  Natasha will consult with you if that proves the way to go.”
“No..nooo..nooo stupid doors, what’s the matter with me? I should not be able to push open a stupid door, need to get out, need to find bean stalk…. Daddy could make eggs and beans. Tony like eggs, ohh I know I go find kitchen, eggs and ham……
The President watched Darcy walking on the treadmill, her breasts heaving with each breath, her stomach fat jiggling. He could see her winch as the fat on her thighs rubbed and reddened the longer she walked.
Winter asked Jarvis to make sure a few bottles of cum shakes were prepared and to have a big bowl of omega feed warmed up and waiting for when Tony came to them.
The forced inactivity due to his injuries works in our favour when it comes to increasing your omega’s weight to a healthy level.  I would continue as you are doing, encouraging him to eat at every opportunity, giving him treats and rewarding him for hitting his targets for weight gain each week.
Steve’s cock jerks, it never fails to make him hard when he hears Tony saying those words of submission.
Now whilst l admire your work ethic you cannot go unpunished for such a blatant shows of disrespect.  You were 15 minutes late for your medical appointment and then to compound it you did not apologise to Dr Banner.  You showed your Pack Alpha no obeisance when you entered the room and you have also taken up Natasha’s valuable time by deliberately taking your time getting ready this morning.”
Steve smiled that small soft smile that seemed to be especially for Tony, he could feel himself melt under the look of love shining from his beautiful blue eyes.
“Thank you Happy, can you unload Tony, the Omega Crate is automated so will just follow my signal.  I want all the Staff to see my Omega and to understand the consequences of lying about your orientation.”
“201, will be bred every year until she stops producing premium quality milk. Then she will move down the rows as her milk quality and flow decreases.
“Hush my omega all will be fine, you will be a strong brilliant mother I have every confidence in your ability to look after our pups.  This is what you were made for this will fulfil your omega nature, no more stupid ideas of independence and rebelling against your Alpha.
The suit is comparable to a second skin, it will monitor you all the time, cleanse and feed your body. Amplify and lower every sensation and feeling on demand.  You will have absolutely no freedom, your every movement is controlled by the suit and the Avengers, it will recognise no other voice patterns.
As far as rape/non con in this world/society, as a bonded omega willingly or unwillingly it is not seen as this in the eyes of the law.  It would be if the Alpha just raped and had his way with the omega and did not bond.
“There we go baby, momma has you.  Steve look at her, she is so beautiful, I can’t believe we made her.
“The weight will stay on and increase if your meg keeps feeding, how much depends on the compatibility between human and Jotun biology.  If you want to wean him off now it will be a few days of withdrawal, he won’t be in pain just needy and whiney and you expect a few tantrums.
The minute the interviewer and crew had vacated Steve ripped off Tony’s trousers and pulled out his plug, sinking his cock into Tony’s loose, sopping hole with no resistance.
“Adorably embarrassed but contained his arousal for an acceptable time during the more intimate part of the Inspector’s test, he accomplished all the basic traditional presentation positions with only a minor wobble, which the Inspector allowed due to his slightly weakened leg.
Tony bore down breathing through the pain determined to push the pup out as quickly as possible, the thought of having go though this agony two more times had him swearing to cut Steve’s cock off so he could not get him pregnant again.  If he had no been in so much pain he would have laughed at the way his big strong Alpha face blanched and how quickly he crossed his legs.
Bruce watched as Potts banged on the door of her cell, her shouts unintelligible due to the spider gag holding her mouth wide open.  He hadn’t yet decided if this would be permanent, it would depend on how she took to training.  Tomorrow he would enlarge her nipples and plump her bottom, corset training would reduce her waistline naturally.  She was a beautiful woman and would fetch a high price once she had been properly broken and trained.
Hopefully this mission is not going to be lengthy, JARVIS will keep you updated and supply you with anything you may need.  The tower has the highest levels of security and protection so there is little chance of anyone who attacks gaining entry, if there is any risk whatsoever of a breach, JARVIS will show you the escape routes and where the hidden panic rooms are.”
“No! you can’t do that to me, I am a Black Widow, I can be useful to you, just give me a chance to prove it.  I will tell you where Steve and Stark are, if you let work for you.  I don’t want to go back my world, there is to much death and rebuilding to be done.”
The punishment collar and leash would be worn along with the gag whenever he left the nursery, with the added humiliation of having to put both on himself and to carry the leash in his mouth until he could pass it to one of his Alphas.
Tony choked back a sob, his father must have despised and hated him so much, blinking away the tears he managed to croak out a shaky no to the doctor.
Tony did not want Bucky as his secondary Alpha, there was something off about him, he gave Tony the shivers and not in a good way.  His mind shied away from the cruel, cold eyed Alpha even if his stupid omega body tingled at the idea of another thick cock fucking his holes.
Stark Industries will be fined $1,000,000,000 for illegal work practices and Omega Stark who would normally have been imprisoned for misrepresentation of his true orientation will bear the Avengers omega bonding brands on both hands to ensure that he will never forget his orientation and allow all that see him to recognise him as an omega.”
Steve lay Tony on their bed, removing his cage and plug, he couldn’t help but lap at the stream of slick leaking from his omega’s hole,  pressing his tongue into the tight ring of muscles until surrendered and he could feel Tony shaking and mewling as he stabbed his tongue repeatedly into the tight heat, lips  sucking up each fresh gush of slick.
Steve could see the massive struggle it took for Tony to push up off their forearms, thigh muscles trembling as she forced her tired body to rise, until she was standing balanced on her toes, knees locked.
Greedy lips sucked him down as a clever tongue swirled around the head and along the thick length as he slid down the breeder’s throat.  Gabbing a handful of dark curls he forced his knot past stretched lips, jerking his hips forward so that he could settle in behind her teeth.
“Jotun omegas birth fast and hard, they need to in the harsh climate they live in, the pups need to latch on straightaway and feed non stop for the first two days so they put on weight quickly to keep them warm.
Then he would deliver her to Natasha who wanted to start basic training straight away and once her full bondage suit was fabricated, she would be encased in it straight away.  He was going to enjoy watching the horror on Natty’s face when she realized that every part of her body was going to be covered and at the whim of her mistress any one or all of her senses could be taken way.  For a Black Widow not to be in control of her body and her mind was the ultimate punishment.
Steve fingers traced the lines of the collar before moving down to skim across the arc of Cyrillic writing, the scaring still not quite fully healed.  He felt his omega tense as he spotted the new additions to his body in the mirror, his breath quickening as he began to panic.  Quickly cupping Tony’s neck, he stroked his bonding mark and gently massaged the knot of nerves at the back of his neck to keep him clam.
“All done Captain Rogers, give me a few minutes to transition and then Dr Banner will be available to discuss your omega’s next procedure.”
“Such a slutty omega, you will follow me on your leash, you are not to make eye contact with any one and you will kneel and wait if l stop, to talk.”
The President rubbed his erection through his trousers, watching Darcy’s eyes as she silently begged for him to not alter her body again.  The stupid bitch still hadn’t learned her place as his omega.
Steve slowly withdraws his hand the abused muscles of his omega’s ass still weakly spasming trying to hold on to it.
It was a ten mile hike to the Portal site, and they would have to leave before dawn, if it had been him on his own there would not have been a problem, but with Tony being pregnant and having no proper foot wear it was going to be slow going even if he carried hi part of the way.
Steve caught the tail end of Pepper’s speech as both women walked into his office.  Looked like Pepper was going to need another dose as it seemed that she still was still displaying flashes of high dominant alpha behaviour.
“Winter l want you to know that you have a home here, your ownership paperwork has been filed and you belong to myself and the Avengers, just as Tony Pup does.
After biding goodbye to the Inspector, Steve turned sweeping Tony up into his arms, holding him tight whilst peppering kisses all over his face.
Mortified, he knelt on the cushion, spreading his thighs wide, the tiny scrap of mesh did nothing to hide that he no longer had a full size cock.  He could here the titters of the older women, wondering if he had been smoothed or just reduced.  Clasping his hands behind his back ensured that his fleshy pecs with their hard nipples are prominently displayed along with the two lines of smaller nipples.
Hmmm, good size, swollen and purple, you can see how restrictive the band has been, it will only take a moment to remove the useless testis and seal the wound.”
Hands gripped his hips as a thick cock pushed into his hole, he couldn’t help the gasps of pain as the man roughly fucked into him over and over until a loud groan signaled the alpha’s orgasm and cum flooded his hole.
“Do you know how long l have wanted to pound your tight hole, your bitch of a mother found you in my chamber when I bought you back from Jotunn and fell in love with you. You were supposed to have been taken and trained from a babe to service your King, but Frigga dam her babied you and spoilt you, turned you into an arrogant prick, bought forth your magic and trained you.
“Jarvis, call Doctor Banner and let him know that you will be bringing Peter down for the procedure he recommended. I want a docile and biddable omega, no more bratty behaviour or disobedience.
Loki’s fingers pinched and flicked Tony’s clit as he continued to fuck him with deep slow thrusts, the omega’s wanton moans and cries filling the room as his cunt juices squirted over Loki’s fingers.  Withdrawing his cock, he shot his cum in to the omega’s open mouth, making sure to liberally spray his face and breasts as well, he continued to abuse Tony’s engorged clit until the omega was screaming and begging for him to stop.  Loki paid no heed, the copious juices following each forced orgasm showing that the omega was thoroughly enjoying being dominated and tormented.  After coaxing one further orgasm from the now thoroughly exhausted pregnant omega he slid off the nest and after retrieving his robe went to shower, he would let Tony sleep whilst he dressed for this evening’s Gala.
Natasha and Clint took up guard positions outside the doors for security and so Steve and Tony could have privacy. Clint looked guilty at the first sound of a hand smacking bare flesh.
“Dam, sorry it’s just that you are so tight and slick and I didn’t mean to knot you again but it’s impossible not to react to your moans and to the pheromones you are giving off.  I have waited so long for this and I know it is not the ideal time, but my inner alpha is calling for me to make you mine, to get rid of the stench of Him!
The grunts of the cooks grew louder as they neared completion, Frigga’s wanton moans muffled by the cock fucking her mouth.
Winter noted that Barnes was quiet, no longer ranting and raving against the perceived walls of his internal prison.  Winter had pushed him deeper and deeper into the recesses of his mind isolating him from all outside stimuli not responding to him at all.
It took but a moment to slide the tongue guard in and lock the frame around her head, the blinkers ensured that she could only look forward and the thick leather collar meant that she could not bend her neck.
Tony sighed, another two days stuck on lockdown in the workshop, with all the Avengers on call Steve had initiated the lockdown sequence as soon as Bruce had escorted him and the babies to the workshop.  Jarvis had full control of the Tower’s security and weapons systems with only Steve or Winter being able to override him.
Don’t cry, you bought this on yourself by being a naughty ungrateful brat, you were always going to be a sissy boy, but now you will be a full femme omega bitch.  Pepper does not tolerate any challenge to her authority, and you are now paying the price.  You are lucky she only wanted you docked, but if you carry on misbehaving the rest of your pathetic omega cock will be cut off.”
Sarah, knows already  that Tony may be her mother, but he is only an omega and therefore below her in the Pack, she was already pulling away to be with the strongest alpha.  She appreciates that her intelligence comes from Tony and he will be able to help educate her, but she is of an age now where she is naturally drawn to the company of other alphas and doesn’t want to be babied. She always wondered why she wasn’t like the other children at her school who were all cry babies and wanted there dams all the time.
It was difficult to remember that there was a time when he had been independent and free to do as he wanted, that a universe away he had had a life and friends and was a super hero, the owner of his own Company.  That he was an Avenger and friends with Captain America.
Steve smiles over at Winter as he speaks, leaning across he licks at the milk coating the other Alpha’s lips, Winter returns the favour and the kiss deepens as both raise on to their knees bodies coming together above their bound omega.  Steve wraps his milk coated hand firmly around their cocks working their hard lengths until both erupt coating their omega in cum, shuddering through the aftershock they stay wrapped in each others embrace, foreheads resting together lost in the moment of their bond settling in place.
“Tony you are so beautiful, l can’t wait for the Pack to see how much weight you have gained and show them your bonding marks.”
Once the girls had been returned to the nursery both his Alphas had insisted he strip off the torn tunic, the photographer has taken what he supposed were some artistic shots of his exposed pregnant belly, the outline of his breasts cupped by his Alphas hands.  The final shot was of him kneeling between his Alphas draped in the American flag made from thin silk which clung to all the contours of his body.
Steve whispered to Winter what he had seen along the bond link, both were pumped to explore further what their omega had let slip, how they could use this to push their omega in to deeper compliance and submission. Tony could protest all he wanted but there was no denying the heightened sexual pheromones pouring off him, or the flushed cheeks and heady scent of slick and juices trying to escape his plugged holes.
Bruce presses down hard on Steve’s clothed cock, the jolt of pain that flickers across Steve’s face has his own cock stirring.  He made short work of his zip and worked over the thick long cock until Steve was panting and biting his lip to stay silent. He made sure that when Steve shot his load, he aimed it away from his pants.
Natasha kept an eye on the time, it wouldn’t do for Steve to see her tormenting the omega, but it was to great an opportunity to miss, her cock twitched but there was not enough time to mount the omega and she didn’t want her secret to be revealed.
Now if you can last until after l have knotted you and pumped you full of my cum. I will let you have your orgasm, but it will be silent and you will show no outward sign of it.”
For a time, there was nothing but the slap of flesh against flesh, the sounds of her panicked cries muffled by his thick girth choking her mouth.  He could see that Steve was alternating between fucking both her holes, waiting until she was on the brink of climaxing before pulling out and plunging into her other hole.
“Alpha/Beta/Omega structured cultures exist in many parallel universes.  A Hierarchical structured society with Alphas as the leaders and enforcers, Betas as the workers and Omegas are the property of the Alphas to mate and breed and to do with as they please, omegas are controlled by the base instinct to obey and serve, Alphas control them with what is called ‘The Alpha Voice.’  There are very few of these kinds of cultures where omegas have any rights or are seen as anything but slaves.  If it makes it easier just imagine how wolf packs are structured, or prides of Lions.
Glancing at Steve he felt a twinge of guilt at his continued obnoxious behaviour, how he had had refused his help to get dressed, struggling to remember how to tie his trainer laces, wanting to wear jeans and a band T-shirt.
Tony could only nod his head to show that he had heard his Alpha’s words.  The rings were beautiful he wondered how Steve had managed to get hold of enough Vibranium to have them made, each heavy band was inset with a ruby sapphire and diamond.
There will be on occasion exceptions to the above, but unless told you will stick to these rules.  I will be accompanying you back to Stark Tower and settling you into your new apartment.  I will also go through your wardrobe and remove all items that are no longer suitable.  A simple minimalistic selection of clothing in plain colours that are interchangeable is all that is required.  Happy will chose your clothing for when you are at home with him.”
“Shhhhh doll, stop making a fuss, no one here cares that you’re a boy, look around you. This is a private club for Alphas with certain predilections that are not quite legal or widely accepted yet.
“I have spent time in many different countries and studied the culture and traditions of Alpha/Omega pairings and have found that the success of such matings is higher when there is clear set of rules and behaviours put in place by the Alpha and enforced through praise and punishment, that the obviously weaker and more emotional omega has to abide by.
Peter woke up later that evening bracketed between Pepper and Happy in a massive bed, both took turns feeding and giving him sips of water.  Happy helped him to the bathroom where he blushed uncontrollably when told he was not allowed to touch his cock and that Happy would hold it for him.  It took minutes for him to relax enough to be able to pee, and once he was finished Happy wiped him down and led him back to the bed.
Grabbing hold of the makeshift leash dangling between the omega’s tits he tugged him to his feet and dragged him in to the bathroom.  Turning on the shower he ordered the omega to undress him and wash him.
“Captain Rogers, if I might interrupt I think that the results of this ultrasound may help you all to make a decision.  As you know all pets are born with female reproductive organs, as male pets grow from young pets to juvenile pets the womb and reproductive organs are almost always absorbed into the body, male pets can still mature into bitches but cannot be bred.
Omega you should know better I will punish you for your disobedience later, now feed the pups, show all my fellow avengers what a good mother you are and let them see how your fat udders are full of more than enough milk to feed our pups.”
Winter dropped his eyes, away from the disgust on Karl’s face, following him out the stall with no resistance once his leash had been attached to his collar.
Pepper turned and began to make her way towards the elevator, they were all insane and she did t know why she had gone along with this farce for the last few months.  Yes she had been scared of being turned int a permanent Sex Doll and made to do more unspeakable things, but no more, she would find someone to undo the conditioning and the she would sue Steve Rogers and Happy, just wait until he told her story to the Press, the Avengers would be finished and Rogers and Natasha would be jailed.
Tony had remained quiet and compliant throughout his only reaction was a small hiss of pain as his cock was pulled back tightly against perineum as the hook engaged and the plug once again inflated to its largest size.
You have maybe six months at the most to prepare.  Asgard is safe, he does not know that we still have the Space Stone.
Now it’s time for your morning discipline, you have two years to  catch up on.  So you will have twenty five swots with the paddle, each morning and evening.
When they went back up with the results of Bruce’s test, Loki was still being fucked, but now by Winter and Steve.  Their omega was passed out on the sofa, gagged and bound.
Bruce ever the researcher and scientist took samples of his milk at various stages of stimulation and arousal and Tony cursed Natasha out loud when she was proved right.  That got him a discipline spanking from his Alphas and two days of Natasha driving him to the brink of insanity by leaving the dildos on the highest settings whenever he was placed on the milking machine.
4.	Present yourself for daily maintenance discipline every morning, 20 swats of the paddle, followed by two strokes of the cane.
The breeding bench in his bedroom had been specially commissioned to withstand the pressure of his strength, the metal frame covered in a dark wine leather, the bench and leg rests could be adjusted according to the size of the person, and the angle at which he wanted them positioned.  One of his favourite features was that at first glance the padded bench and leg rests looked as though they were covered in the same leather as the frame, but unknown to the recipient of his attention, the special material covering could change in temperature and texture as could the thick straps that would secure them.
There was some concern for the arc reactor moving and making breathing more difficult, but the serum seemed to be slowly repairing his lungs, it could not regrow the missing parts of his lungs or sternum but it was slowly healing all the damage inflicted by hard living and being Iron Man.  The shrapnel in his heart remained unmoving, regulated by the arc reactor, Bruce, was of the opinion that it would be feasible to have the arc reactor removed after this pregnancy, especially as he had been able to breakdown and stabilise the various components of extremis so that the healing factor could be used on its own.
His Clinic contained a number of omegas from wealthy families that had all refused bonds and wanted their independence.  He could condition them through training and punishment to conform but an omega bonded against their will, would have heats but only rarely would their heats be fertile.
Steve watches, fascinated as Hunk manhandles Tony in to a pair of frilly black and white cow patterned knickers with a very short ruffle skirt attached.  He palmed his throbbing cock as Hulk pulled the thong tight splitting the omega’s fat labia lips before tugging it up to disappear in to his crack.
Steve wiped the dripping cum off his omega’s cheeks and pressed his fingers against his swollen lips, Tony automatically opened his mouth licking the sticky fingers clean still in shock at being face fucked in front of the board and the humiliating fact that he was deeply aroused and ached for some kind of release.
When he arrived at the forge it was to see his mother being scrubbed down like a horse at the water pump.  Colborn was dragging a piece of burlap between her spread thighs, the rough material chafing her cunt lips and clit. Frigga was moaning like a cheap whore, her hips thrusting forward as much as her bulging stomach would allow, when the blacksmith scrubbed her milk laden breasts and hard nipples, she cried out her body going rigid as she came.
“Good evening Alphas and Betas I would like to thank you all for your continued support and generosity.  As my Alpha has already stated the Maria Stark Foundation was originally started to provide aid for omegas who were in great need of support and guidance due to various problems in their lives.  The main goal being to settle all unmated omegas with a matched Alpha and return those runaway omegas to their bonded Alphas after health treatment and retraining.”
Now you just suck on my knot and think of all the ways that you can improve your behaviour so that you learn the ability to come untouched and on demand whenever your alpha wants.
Tony, l am going to be honest with you, you must have an Alpha to stabilize you and be your mate, to create a familial bond with Sarah as she is an alpha pup and will need guidance.  You are not strong enough to raise her on your own and also it is not allowed now, there have been some changes to the laws since you have been gone.
Tear filled eyes silently pleaded with Steve to believe him, Steve took a deep breath before speaking, this was the perfect opportunity to get his loves agreement to the Conditioning therapy programme that had been devised especially for him.  It would go much easier if Tony believed that he had chosen for himself.
“That’s it my Alpha drink you bitch’s milk, imagine how much more thick and creamy it will be if he is being fed twice the amount of Alpha cum, how plumb his body will be and how his udders will feed both the pups and his Alphas with ease.”
Tony tried to squeeze himself through the small gap all the while bemoaning the lack of clothing on his bottom half and his bulging stomach neither of which he had planned for when designing the small opening.  With a final twist he managed to stumble into the passageway just as the glass walls of his workshop shattered, kicking his heel back to connect with the door in order to make it close he screamed in panic when he felt a cold hard metallic gloved hand close around his ankle.
Better still just let me move in with you and your Ma, no one would question it, and you wouldn’t get better up all the time because they think you are lying.”
“Not going to waste all that milk,  might as well feed it to you along with a touch of cunt juice for added flavour, and since you have been obedient today l have thickened it with my cum, so be grateful that l am feeding you and the baby a good hearty meal.”
Tony peed on command, just as he had been trained too, out of the corner of his eye he noticed the nod of approval the Inspector gave.
He lined up his cock, her Pussy lips w still tight and he had to force the head of his cock through and into her entrance.  He kept up the steady pressure on her airway, enough to illicit panic but not cause her to pass out.
Steve sat at the breakfast table and motioned for Tony to kneel by his side with his gloved hands locked behind his back.  His lips twitched at the hiss from his omega has his heels came in to contact with his throbbing buttocks.
He pulls out allowing Tony to take in deep breaths of air whilst holding the back of his neck pressing on the tight bundle of nerves to calm the panicking omega.
The tracker was easily placed, the injection site hidden among the freckles on her neck.  Blood, tissue and DNA samples all took mere minutes.
He drew in a sharp breath as he caught through his bond link images of erotic lacy under garments, hidden deep within the walk-in closet that had yet to be cleared of Tony’s pre-bonded alpha clothes.  His naughty omega had been keeping secrets from him, he was both impressed and annoyed that such a thing had happened.  Never the less their omega would have to face the consequences of lying to his Alphas.
The general release to the public was the usual gang bang, Pepper was a pregnant human cow tied up in the milking barn, the farm hands deciding to have a bit of fun whilst she was waiting to be milked.  She had been fucked repeatedly in all her orifices, sprayed with cum and been made to lick the floor clean of their cum and her juices, had her breasts milked, been forced to fuck herself on a huge dildo and have her backside and breasts switched, then she had been branded and taken to auction, sold to the highest  bidder, whilst been fucked by a huge beast of a man wearing a bull’s head with horns.
“What the hell! How can another baby just suddenly appear?  For fuck sake, this kind of thing can’t happen, how the bloody hell could you have missed this on the first scan?  This equipment is state of the art medical technology!”
Bruce caged Peter for the night, ensuring his hands and ankles were cuffed his legs splayed wide so his wound could not be touched.  The feeding gag stretched his mouth wide open and the fast flow of the supplement had the omega gagging and desperately trying to swallow the thick liquid.
“Oh I think Stark will be having breakfast only a high protein liquid one, no more bacon or pancakes for him anymore.”
He had the Nanny pack weekend bags for the pups and told her she could leave after giving the pups their lunch and putting them down for their afternoon nap.
Celebratory drinks followed, and before the evening ended each and every omega had been laid out on the conference table in front of their Alpha and fucked full of cum, as the Alphas waited for their knots to reduce they sipped their drinks and chatted paying no heed to the whimpers and moans of their frustrated omegas who had not been allowed to orgasm.  The fascination with Tony’s milky laden tits had Steve unclamping them and filling enough champagne glasses for each Alpha to have a drink as they toasted to the success of the new Law.
Steve can't wait to get his cock back in his omega, Tony is a horny omega who makes a stupid promise that is bound to come back and bite him on the ass.
“Bruce, mmmmmm, that feels good, ahhhhhh just a bit harder.  Mmmmmmmm you have such long fingers, come on Bruce l feel so much better now, it’s just you making my pussy hot now.”
Asgard was all about wealth power and dominance, Steve had wealth now, power as Captain America, the ultimate show of dominance off the battle field would be taming the most unruly wayward omega, shaping him into the perfect omega who would do anything his Alpha demanded.
Bucky hung on to Steve, tears in his eyes he stuttered out a brief telling of what had happened after his fall from the train. Hydra, torture, the chair, his alter ego the winter soldier, how he was conditioned to torture and kill on Hydra’s orders.
“Okay then, I am going to wreck her asshole a bit more, going to have to thank Bruce for whatever genetic modification he accomplished so her cock sucking lips and holes could stretch round both our cocks.”
Steve arranged Tony against his mound of pillows ensuring his injured arm and leg were carefully supported so as not to cause his omega any discomfort. He had kissed away Tony’s quiet grumbles about the padded mitts being once again replaced, directing his attention to the fact they were smaller and softer, allowing him limited movement of his encased fingers.
“New Stud needs to be processed, then put to work, going to be trouble so make sure you used full restraints until he settles down and gets the craving for breeding and feeding of their milk.”
I know this is all happening fast, but legally everything needs to be put in place for your safety and the security of Stark Industries.  The Avengers Pack has unanimously accepted you as their Omega and believe me they didn’t even take a minute to decide, they all care about you and can’t wait to see you and start spoiling you.  I have accepted on your behalf as your Guardian, it might seem high handed, but I know its what you have always wanted but thought you could never have.
Steve and Winter were attending a meeting at the White House, which meant that they would return hard and horny, BB’s blow jobs always meant that Tony would be fucked through the mattress when they returned.
He’d had his suspicions from the moment he was woken, no one had ordered him to service them at breakfast, he had been given his kibble and told to hurry up and eat.  Afterwards he had been thoroughly scrubbed and cleaned inside an out, before being strapped to the fucking bench, with the dildo teasing his hole until slick was pouring down his thighs.
Bucky grinned down at the teary face of panicking omega. The spider gag strapped tightly to its head held the omega’s mouth wide open, both his and Steve’s cockheads were slowly pushing passed the stretched drool covered lips. Whilst Steve’s cock was both thick and long, Bucky’s dick was thinner and curved slightly as well as being slightly smaller in length. The curved head brushed the roof of the omega’s mouth causing him to choke, Steve’s firm grip held the bitch in place as they both fucked the wet hole.
“Settle down bitch, you will have to get used to this, l do not always want to stop fort the bathroom if l am driving or watching a film.”
Chuckling he burped Maria before laying her back in the crib snuggled between her sisters.  Steve would be arriving soon to collect him and the pups, he wanted to introduce the pups to the Avengers but knew not to bring them in to a nursing omega’s nest.
Tony whined in relief, Steve was going to let him wear clothes, it would still be embarrassing and humiliating but at least they wouldn’t see how fat and soft he had become, or the other modifications to his body.
Tony was a nervous wreck Steve had just raised him to his big headspace and informed him that they would be attending the Maria Stark Gala that evening.  It would be his first public appearance since being released from Mountain View and even though he knew the public and press had already seen a leaked photo of the changes to his appearance and knew of his mental health issues he didn’t want to go.
He punctuated each remark with a stab of his fingers up into Tony’s weeping cunt, watching the play of emotions moving over his omega’s face.  The fear and distress slowly disappeared to be replaced by confusion and embarrassment, tiny moans replacing the weepy sobs.  Twisting his fingers, he forced another deep into the soaked channel as his thumb press hard against Tony’s clit.
By this time Tony was crying and begging for Steve to take off the cock cage his cock and balls throbbing in agony unable to fill and release the pressure building up within him.
“Baby boy, if you make yourself cum then you will prove that you are alpha still, and l will allow you to leave. But if your tiny cock does not shoot its pathetic load and then I make you come, you will admit that you are no longer a proper alpha and give yourself willingly to me.”
Steve watched as Tony slowly lifted his head off his shoulder, teary eyes met his and if not for his super enhanced hearing would have missed the quiet, tremulous ‘Yes, I Promise.’ before Tony once again ducked his head and pressed his face back against his neck.”
Twenty strikes and he decided that her tits would receive the last ten.  They were bigger now that she was nearing the last few weeks of her pregnancy.  Her nipples were huge, at least two inches long and a finger width fat.
Tony burrowed his head against daddy’s broad chest unable to keep looking at his stern face, with the pacifier filling his mouth he couldn’t say anything, how was he supposed to say sorry or let him know that he understood, he didn’t want to be punished, what if daddy filled his mouth with that nasty soap again or even worse spanked his backside.
Tony shuffled forward, there was no escaping his punishment, he knew that he deserved it for how badly he had been behaving.  Even after four weeks he still felt a blush cover his face as he lay himself over Steve’s lap, shivering as his large hand caressed his lacy drawers.
Tony desperately wanted to disobey and run for the door, but Steve had used his alpha voice, not at full strength but enough that internally he struggled, whilst his body reacted and obeyed his order.
Tony lost track of the times that Steve knotted him and left him hanging, he could feel the burn of the muscles round his hole, the pressure of his cum filled belly against his legs made him feel nauseous, but one to many cries for Steve or Daddy to stop had a large ball gag being strapped to his mouth.
Tony couldn’t stop his tears as he saw what Darcy had been reduced too, a fat mass of pale rippling skin, enormous breasts, with the biggest nipples he had ever seen being milked at a rate much faster than his own had. Her pregnant belly rested on the floor, he could even make out the elbows and feet kicking her intermittently. No sound came from her mouth as the dildos reamed her holes, her eyes glazed over in bliss as he watched her whole body stiffen as she climaxed once again.
Then l would like you to synthesise a combination of the two formulas at varying degrees of strength, test them out on the samples of Ms Potts blood and notify me of all positive results.”
The stud was collared and chained, he wasn’t much to look at, but his cock was huge, his balls hanging low and full.  Peter felt his pussy clench at the thought of being fucked by that monster.
“Fuck baby, put your hand on your stomach, can you feel that? That is my cock buried deep in you, so hot, rub my length as I fuck you, I want to see if I can feel it.”
Bruce was shocked when Natty’s head shot up after a particularly hard twist of her teats and he had a good look at her face without her hood.  He would recognize those eyes anywhere, and the shape of her nose.  How the hell did he miss that the assassin had been an omega!
As he sat keeping watch over Tony that night, Steve hoped and prayed that Tony would accept his courtship, he knew that before all of this there had been a spark of something between them, but both had backed off unwilling to pursue a relationship knowing that long term it would never workout. As difficult as it would be if Tony refused his courtship and chose another pack member to mate with, he would respect his decision and would never try to force a mating bond.
Natasha watched the proceeding, taking note of all the familiar faces, cataloging the differences in these versions.  She wasn’t convinced that the Stark omega was their Tony, he would never have allowed himself to be trapped for this length of time without escaping.  Still they had an advantage now that they were his security detail, they would be able to talk to him and find out the truth.  She watched as Steve and the Captain painted the mewling bitch in their cum, it was a good thing that Steve had his beard and the distortion charm, as the pairs mannerisms and the way they held themselves and even the way they fucked were eerily similar.
Lastly, I am going to perform the surgery to remove her penis and sheath. I will leave all the nerves intact behind a small flap of skin, it makes for an excruciating punishment when pressed on too hard, it can also be a source of great sexual pleasure as a reward for good behaviour.  Bitch like this one will probably be feeling the pain for a long time, she is not going to break easily.
Sunday morning breakfast found him kneeling under the table giving the President a blow job, whilst his Alphas and the President poured his milk onto their coffee.
As you know when anyone comes into Shield Medical we run all the standard blood works and if necessary as was in your case, a full body scan.  The results of both in your case Anthony were most disturbing, a gastric by-pass and blood full of drugs, and hormones for supressing weight gain and an omega’s first heat, other traces showed steroids and hormones for stimulating hair growth, height and penile length, which are all illegal for Omegas to be prescribed.
Steve only just managed to hold back his laughter at his omega’s frantic babbling and then appalling attempt at trying to fool them he was asleep. He silently motioned for his pack mates to depart, grinning as they too attempted to stifle their laughter, after closing the door behind them he quickly went into the bathroom and gathered up the items that he would need then sat himself back down to wait out his naughty omega, Tony would crack long before he would.  Omegas naturally wanted to please their Alphas and could not bear to feel their Alpha’s disappointment or disapproval, and with Tony’s system flooded with hormones he would sense quickly that Steve was somewhat angry and very disappointed in his behaviour.
Removing his finger he picked up the long thin wand already coated in his semen and slowly began to push it in.  Tony hissed and squirmed as the foreign object was inserted, the cold hared metal a sharp contrast to his Alpha’s warm pliant finger.
Also, l would like to see the dossiers on the two alphas that fisted and fucked Tony. I may want to interview them for a special project, depending on their suitability.”
When Tony’s face scrunched with pain as his contractions started up again, Winter moved forward, picking up one of the small blue blankets laying near the edge of the nest.
The evening he showed the book to Odin, was the first night that Odin did not use his whip to discipline him or make him bleed when he fucked him.  It was a tiny step that might not really change the way he was treated in the long run, but at least the following morning he could walk out of Odin’s bed chamber without needing help.
“ Ms Everheart, as you can see my omega is happy and content to kneel by my side.  With his true Alpha’s guidance and support he has finally embraced his omega nature and realised that as an omega he needs an Alpha to be complete.
There was nothing for it but to obey, she would not give up the position she had fought so hard for, if this was how Steve wanted to run the Pack then she would embrace it, whilst building up her own power base. Stark Industries was hers, and once the Board was replaced with her picks of ‘yes men’ she would never have to bow her head to anyone within the Company again.
Hours later she woke abruptly as the midwife twisted and tugged her nipples to hardness before latching on the babies.
Tell the designer that they have 48 hours to complete everything, money is no object, so I expect it done on time.”
‘In response to the photos that have appeared on social media Sark Industries can confirm that CEO Pepper Potts married her long- time partner Happy Hogan during what was supposed to have been a private ceremony in the grounds of Mountain Rise Clinic.  Close family and friends attended the wedding and lunch after which Mr & Mrs Hogan departed for a week’s honeymoon at an undisclosed destination.
“Breakfast time Tony, the most important meal of the day and since we have such a busy day ahead of us I want to make sure that you get your fill of this wonderful omega meal supplement I have prepared also Dr Banner’s nutritional shake.”
He could hold each breast in his hands, the soft flesh yielding to his grasp, as milk trickled over his fingers. It was trial and error the first couple of times to get the right amount of pressure on the nipples to release the milk in a steady stream into the bowl.  He could see by Stark’s leaking cunt that he was turned on by the milking, rocking his hips with each tug, whining through his muzzle as he spent minutes emptying each breast. Once the tits were no longer round and full but sagging slightly, he would remove the bowl and slide into the wet heat of Stark’s pussy or back hole, he would fuck the omega long and slow as he watch through the window for any sign of Natasha.
Once Stevie and I have fully bonded I am going to make sure that you know your place and are properly punished any time you step out of line.  You think Stevie has been strict with you, just wait until I have his full permission to discipline you.”
Tony groaned, as another contraction hit, this one longer and more painful, the time in between contractions was down to 3 minutes and he could feel the pressure on his cervix as the first baby moved into position.  Five hours of contractions and finally his body was ready, bearing down he began to push, crying out as the pain became more intense, he was aware of Loki wiping his sweat and tear stained face, slivers of ice being pushed between his lips.  He could hear the muffled sound of voices and laughter from the Alphas gathered round, to watch the birth, Loki’s hands suddenly disappeared, and the sound of slapping flesh and moans of pleasure filled the quietness between his contractions.
Bruce caught Steve as he came out of the shower after his gym session and convinced him that a deep tissue massage would release the rest of his tension.  Thirty minutes later he was sliding his cock into Steve’s tight virgin hole, as Steve lay lose and relaxed, his body glistened with aromatic oils, and if they contained a relaxant that was mildly addictive of Bruce’s own design, he was not going to mention it to Steve.
