“Turn for me?” Tony asks quietly, and Steve obeys, sighing as Tony’s hands trail over his shoulders. “There you are.”
Tony doesn’t expect that to be all it takes, but he’s barely closed his eyes before Steve’s come hits his face. He can hear such sweet goddamn noises falling from Steve’s lips, and he wishes he could open his eyes and see Steve’s face, but he’s had come in his eyes before and isn’t eager to repeat that experience. “Steve,” he says, his voice so close to begging. “I want to see you, please, I—”
“Hey,” Tony says, taking a few steps forward and touching Steve’s arm. “It’s okay. A lot of people walked out on me, and I deserved it. Sometimes I think Pepper only stuck around because I paid her.”
“That I was a fuck up. That I wasn’t worth your time. That I didn’t deserve you.” Tony looks down, avoiding Steve’s gaze. “That I don’t deserve you.”
Tony fumbles with his shirt as he pulls it back on over his head, feeling slightly more at ease when his scars are covered. “Sam said that you could do appointments after hours?”
Steve pauses, pushing up on an elbow and looks down at Tony. “You are,” he says softly, running a hand over Tony’s chest, his fingers tracing the scars around the reactor. “I know what you think about this, how you see yourself, but that’s not how I see it. That’s not how I see you.”
Tony’s waiting for him just inside the private entrance of the tower, and as soon as Steve sees him, his facade crumbles. “Tony, I—”
It’s grounding, having Steve’s mouth on him, and Tony gets lost in the kiss, wanting to hold onto that feeling. Tony’s ass is on fucking fire, and he nips at Steve’s bottom lip when Steve pulls away.
“It does,” Tony interrupts, pressing his toes against Steve’s thigh. “If it matters to you, it matters.”
A strangled groan slips from Steve’s mouth as he comes, his mouth meeting Tony’s in an open mouthed kiss. Gently working Steve through the last of his orgasm, Tony rubs their noses together before letting go of Steve’s cock. “Do I need to ask if it was good?” Tony asks as Steve tangles their legs together, his hand sliding onto Tony’s hip and tugging him closer.
“Maybe next time,” Steve says before he can think better of it, part of him wanting to see how Tony reacts. It’s nothing more than a softening of the grin, a slight widening of his eyes as if Tony’s surprised but satisfied, and Steve tentatively returns the smile. “Get some rest, please, I need you to be with me on this meeting later.”
“It’s hideous,” Steve says, glancing down at the flashing lights on his chest for a moment. “But thank you.”
“You don’t have to do this,” Tony says as he climbs back on the bed. Steve’s stripped it while he’s been in the shower, the clean sheets smell like the fabric softener Steve uses on his clothes, and Tony wonders if they’re sheets from Steve’s room. The idea of Steve getting the clean bedding from his own room so that Tony wouldn’t have to face his own mess makes Tony’s chest ache. There’s a mug of coffee on the nightstand and Tony picks it up, savouring the warmth against his palms. “If you’re uncomfortable, then—”
“Strip,” Steve says, his voice firm, but the tremble in his hand giving everything away. “I want you naked.”
Tony’s skin flushes, in a way that Steve doesn’t think he’s ever seen before, and he wonders if that’s something Tony trained himself out of as he got older. It’s goddamn delicious, and Steve really just wants to tackle him to the bed and spend hours discovering all the ways he can make Tony blush.
“If Hydra are in SHIELD, then everyone you know is in danger anyway, Steve, it wouldn’t be your fault,” Tony says. “Clint was set up on that last mission, and we don’t know how many other agents could be working for them.”
“You know how strong I am,” Steve says miserably. “I don’t want to—they’re so fragile, Tony, all it would take is one moment of being careless and—”
“I think,” Steve says, reaching down and grabbing Tony’s ass, hauling him up until Tony’s legs are wrapped around his hips. “We should move this to the couch.”
“You think everything we did in the war was clean? That we were able to sleep at night with the choices we had to make?”
Conscious of the fact they might still be watching him, Steve walks to the nearest bodega and absently buys a Gatorade and a protein bar, his mind racing. He wants to call Tony and check in, to hear his voice, but if they’re still watching him then he knows he can’t. Ripping the cap off the bottle, Steve starts to drink it as he walks out of the bodega, heading to the subway. All he wants is to go home.
Whatever the time, when Tony walks over to the door and peers out, he doesn’t expect to see Steve standing there with a bottle of wine in his hands and a nervous look on his face.
Steve shrugs before closing the door. “It’s not like I could bring wine, but I remembered you liked sunflowers, I hope you still do.”
“Then you’ve managed to work out what Clint never did,” she says, padding over to the fridge and taking out two Gatorades. “Here,” she says, handing one over to Steve. “Rehydrate before lunch. Shower, meet me in the lobby in thirty minutes.”
“Didn’t think I’d find a new talent this late in life,” Tony says, feeling Steve get back to work. “I’ll have to take advantage of it.”
“Neither,” Steve says, covering Tony’s hands where they’re resting on his stomach. “You’re not making me uncomfortable, Tony.”
“To visit Peggy Carter,” Tony says, fingers flicking over his phone screen. “Steve hasn’t seen her yet, and it’s been a long time since I’ve seen Aunt Peg, so we’re doing a road trip.”
“I could eat,” Steve says cautiously, not entirely sure what’s happening but happy to go along with Tony’s whims. It’s not like he’s got anything else to do today.
“I don’t know,” Tony says, tilting his head back and pinching the bridge of his nose. “I don’t even know how we’d begin to look into it, but we can try, if you want. There must be something—maybe Natasha could help, she has connections in, well, anywhere there’s a corrupt government. If he’s alive then there’s got to be a reason he hasn’t surfaced yet.”
He’s woken up by a smack to the face, and Tony can feel the blood pooling in the corner of his mouth, soaking into the gag. Swallowing hard as he opens his eyes, Tony’s greeted by a man holding a gun, and he doesn’t recognise him.
“It could be an ‘are’,” Steve interrupts. “You are easy to love. If that’s—I don’t want to presume—”
Tony’s mouth falls open slightly for a split second before he flashes a grin at Steve. “I don’t think you on top of me would end in sleep, but we could try.”
Steve feels his face heat up because he knows what it looks like, how he spent so long getting the curve of Tony’s jaw just right, the colour of his eyes the exact shade, the way his hair falls on his forehead as accurate as possible. Anyone would look at the painting and be able to tell he was in love with Tony. “Yes,” he says. “It’s how I’ve always seen you.”
His overactive mind has got Tony feeling restless on the towel he’s sprawled out on, Steve half asleep next to him under the hot sun, and he sighs. “Steve?”
“Oh,” Steve says, like he’s forgotten the reason he’s there. He looks down at the calendar in his hands and shrugs. “You don’t have to.”
“Uh,” Tony coughs before grabbing a towel and wrapping it around his waist, trying to avoid the bruises as he tightens it. “Sure.”
“I’ll, uh, coffee?” Steve scrambles to get off the bed and looks Tony over, his gaze fixing on the slip of Tony’s skin exposed by the robe for a moment before he meets Tony’s eyes. “I’ll get you coffee.”
“Sounds like you don’t need me for much,” Steve says, even as his stomach churns. “Since you have one very compliant soldier.”
“What? Yes, Tony, I love that you did this,” Steve says, reaching for Tony’s hand and threading their fingers together. “I still haven’t—I don’t know what I’m going to say to her.”
“I get it,” Tony says, only just stopping himself from reaching out to try and comfort Steve. “But it wouldn’t have been your fault if that had happened, you know that, right? No one could’ve helped me, not even you. I loved you, but I—fuck, whatever happened would’ve been my fault.”
Tony gets settled on the bench, and smiles to himself when he feels Steve place the cushion behind his back like he did at the last session. The noise of Steve setting up is familiar now, and he lets himself relax.
Steve pauses, looking at him, the way the winter sunlight is casting a warm glow on Tony’s skin and he sighs. “Yes,” he says, the corner of his mouth turning up. “I trust you.”
Steve lets Tony turn him around, and he hears the click of the shower gel bottle before Tony’s hands are on his skin, slowly massaging his muscles. A groan slips out of Steve’s mouth without meaning to, and the more Tony touches him, the more the weight of the day starts to catch up with him. Steve’s chest tightens and it’s only the feel of Tony’s hands on him that grounds him, stops him from sinking to the floor of the shower and crying. As it is, he can’t stop the tears that have started to run down his face, and Steve closes his eyes as he tips his face to the water and tries to hide them.
“Huh,” Tony says, gathering the polaroids in his hands and raising an eyebrow. “Forgot about these.”
“But you won’t be,” Tony says, pushing up on his tip toes and kissing Steve, brushing his fingers against Steve’s cheek. “I know you, Steve, and you’d sooner hurt yourself than hurt anyone else.”
Tony laughs as he leans in again. “Sounds good to me,” he says, just before his mouth meets Steve’s in a soft kiss, and somehow it feels like a promise for their future. Because now, they get to have a future. Together.
“Yeah, yes,” Tony says, his hands on Steve’s face, fingertips tracing over Steve’s lips. “We’re doing that again.”
Steve’s eyebrows raise and he turns away from Tony, the sunglasses on his face meaning Tony’s left unable to get a read on him. “I always liked you, Tony. Even when I thought I didn’t.”
“I didn’t know we had all this,” Steve says around a mouthful of cookie. “I knew people had taken advantage of the free energy, but—”
“I do,” Tony says, ducking his head a little as the water runs over his hair. “It’s not like it’s a permanent thing, we don’t live here.”
Steve laughs despite himself. “I’d hope that if I were crawling into bed with you, I’d be doing something other than crying.”
A weight lifts off Steve’s shoulders as he listens to Tony jump in, discussing what he found on the helicarrier when JARVIS infiltrated. There’s a long road ahead of all of them, and Steve doesn’t know how this is going to end, but he has trust in his friends, and he has someone he loves by his side. And that’s more than he could’ve hoped for when he woke up in this century.
“I know,” Tony says, leaning down and brushing his mouth over Steve’s lips. “But we can still practice.”
Fuck. There’s a sudden flashback to the night before, the fight he got into at a bar downtown, the vomit splashing against the sidewalk, and the newly defrosted Captain America right there to witness everything. Tony’s pretty sure Steve carried him home. He hopes he didn't puke on him.
The man doesn’t say a word, just looks at Tony, and Tony tries not to blink under the scrutiny. There’s a coldness to it, and Tony’s suddenly struck with the realisation that he’s not been kidnapped for any reason other than this man wants to cause pain and Tony was the nearest person available.
Steve’s fairly sure his face is bright red and he doesn’t know how to respond to Tony’s words. He squeezes Tony’s hand before he looks up, taken aback by the fire in Tony’s eyes. “Thank you,” Steve says quietly, letting go of Tony’s hand. “That—thank you.”
Steve wolfs down the rest of the roll and washes the stickiness off his hands before he starts helping Tony put the rest of the groceries away. It doesn’t take long, and soon they’re sitting at the table eating the rest of the bakery goodies Tony picked up.
“Nicest date I’ve ever had,” Steve says, twirling the pasta on his fork. “Not that, well, people weren’t exactly lining up to date me back in the day.”
“What?” Tony looks up at Steve, his face suddenly so close that all Tony would have to do is—. He shouldn’t. He knows he shouldn’t. But, fuck, he
They don’t talk long, just enough for Morgan to make sure her dad is still around, and Tony to be reassured she’s okay without him for the moment, but it’s enough time for Steve to start to stir. Tony’s worried for a moment about how he’ll explain Steve’s presence to Morgan, but Steve doesn’t say a word, just shoves the pillow he was cuddling out of the way and scoots closer to Tony, draping an arm over Tony’s legs and resting his head against Tony’s hip.
Steve realises he can’t put into words how much he likes it. He kicks the door closed behind him, drops his shield on the couch, and takes Tony into his arms, kissing him firmly like he’s wanted to all day. Running his hands down Tony’s body, he grabs Tony’s ass through the fabric, letting out a groan against Tony’s mouth when he realises Tony’s wearing nothing underneath the skirt.
“I thought we were,” Steve says, a slightly sad smile crossing his face. “But I can understand why you’d ask that. All I can do is say I’m sorry,” he continues. “And I truly am, Tony. You have no idea how glad I am you survived so I could say that, so that we could get a shot at mending this.”
“Nice of you to make it,” Tony says over the comms. “Think I can bring this guy down, I’ve spotted a weak spot, but I need you to distract him. It. Him? Hey, any sign of someone in charge of this thing?”
“Good,” Steve says, leaning down and kissing him. It’s still strange to not feel Tony’s goatee scratching against his face, but the fact Steve can bend him in half a lot easier is kind of making up for it. Starting to move his hips, Steve swallows the groan Tony lets out as he slams into him.
Steve pauses before shaking his head. “No, no, but maybe he did something to make them think he was? I don’t know.”
“It’s possible I haven’t been fucked. Yet. I’m not sure, it’s not like I got carbon dated when that ray hit me.”
“The future is full of strange and wonderful things,” Tony says with a low laugh. “But you, uh, I mean you don’t—”
“Oh,” Tony says, and Steve can see the flush on Tony’s cheeks, the way his eyes widen slightly as he takes in what Steve’s said. “That’s—what do you do on Christmas?”
“If we’re both here, and I’m assuming you don’t have other plans, then do you want to do this whole Christmas thing together?”
Tony nods in acceptance, knowing it’s true. That if he’d been less of a wreck, less caught up in his own shit, he would’ve been there to look after Steve, to say goodbye to Sarah in a way she deserved. Sarah had never been anything but loving towards him, even when she looked at him like she knew what he was doing to himself and wanted to call him out on it. She never did, though, not even when he was visibly coming down, and there’s a churning in his gut at the knowledge that he’ll never get to talk to her again.
Grumbling under his breath, Tony slips out of Steve’s grip, which is easier than he thought it would be, and makes his way to the bathroom to take care of business. When he comes back, there’s a slight frown on Steve’s face and he’s dragged Tony’s pillow into his arms. Steve’s all sunkissed skin and hard muscle, his beard lighter than it was when he got here, and Tony just wants to get his mouth on every single inch of him.
“Well, it was my special day,” Tony says, a fond smile directed at Peggy. I wasn’t wrong about that.”
“Down my side,” Tony says. “But, uh—” Tony cuts himself off and sticks his hands in his pockets, rocking back on his heels a little. “Do you not recognise me?”
Tony raises his MIT mug and shrugs. “Hard to get a fresh start somewhere you’ve been before,” Tony says, lowering his mug and drinking from it. “I got Rhodey to find me a place I didn’t know, somewhere quiet, and this is where he picked.”
Turns out, Steve can grill fish successfully, and Tony takes back his judgement by eating as much of it as he can. When they’re done, Steve insists on cleaning up and Tony lets him, settling into his chair on the beach and listening to the waves crash down on the shore while he does a little work on his tablet. He looks up when Steve drapes a blanket over his shoulders.
He’s aware that he’s getting himself out of breath in a way, but the next thing he can really think clearly of it the headache he’s feeling afterwards.
Pepper slaps him on the arm, shushing him. Happy lets out a small cry of pain, and then rubs his arm. When Pepper then gives them an innocent face, Peter quickly realizes there’s something wrong. Tony, too, seems to understand.
When he gets something sticky and wet in return, Peter lets out a soft shout and pulls his arm back. Looking behind him, he finds Dum-E carrying a banana instead of a marker.
He stops in his tracks when he sees Peter standing there next to Tony. Before either of them can speak, Tony breaks the silence.
“I sure hope for him he’s not,” Tony answers, carrying his suitcase along with him. Peter didn’t expect him suddenly showing up in the room, so he startles a bit at how near he suddenly is. He quickly turns around in the couch to face Tony, seeing him run up to the kitchenette to get himself another cup of coffee. “Shit what I would do for a scotch.”
“Well, would be kinda fun seeing Captain America as part of an extramarital relationship, so many articles written about it.” Tony shrugged, ignoring the look of hatred that Steve threw at him. “So, if she is not in a relationship, what is it? Insecurity? Are you afraid of not being good on bed? Don’t be a good kisser? Steve, have you ever kissed somebody?”
“Tony? Are you alright?” Steve seemed to be really preoccupied about him. Of course he noticed how nervous Tony was, he didn’t exactly hid it.
Stephan had told him he was at a table with a jug of blue flowers, the only one with those colors in the entire cafeteria, just to make all the localization thing easier. As soon as Happy dropped him, Tony dismissed him, telling him to go back to Pepper. He grabbed his phone in his pocket and told Stephan he was coming in, letting the man know that he was wearing sunglasses just to reciprocate the flowers thing.
“Why did you ask about Steve and me?” Tony sat on the couch’s arm, staring at Clint with a serious expression.
“I’m not up to anything, Tony.” Steve observed Tony slide in the sofa and sit next to him, his eyes on the cellphone screen, where a lot of numbers and equations was being shown, which Steve knew nothing about.
When Steve told Tony that he was in love, Tony really thought that things could not get worse. But it did. Because being rejected thinking that reason was because Steve was straight was one thing. He could handle the general idea that Steve didn’t like him just because he was, well, a man. But now that he knew that Steve was in love with another man? The pain of rejection had increased at stratospheric levels.
“What? No!” Steve didn’t know if he felt more uncomfortable, chocked or annoyed. He didn’t want to have this conversation with Tony, no way.
“Sure.” Tony smiled sarcastically. “Is Fury asking too much of you? Because it’s just like him, you know, do this kind of stuff. He thinks that we are all super spy robots and just because SHIELD still has some control over the Avengers he can give us those absurd commands and abuse our goodwill, especially you, ‘cause you’re always ready to serve. Like we’re all a bunch of-”
“I know what you’ll say, Captain.” Tony rolled his eyes and started to walk off the room, going to his workshop, watching as Steve followed him. Of course he would not let the conversation just die. “I didn’t fight as a ‘team member’ today, my actions compromised some important moments, everything could’ve been fast if I had just listen, etcetera, etcetera, etcetera…”
Steve studied Tony's expression. The engineer looked worried, of course. Steve knew Tony had always feared becoming like Howard. At the same time, Stark's gaze conveyed excitement. It was obvious that Tony wanted to have a child. And honestly, so did Steve.
“Tony, I think we should get off the sidewalk.” This time Steve was the one breaking the kiss. “Maybe we should go home…”
“Uh-hum.” Tony didn’t even try to open his mouth to reproduce the sound, just forcing his throat. He picked the biggest mug, the same that he always told the Avengers to not use but also always saw on Clint’s hand, and took it to the coffee machine. No coffee. “You didn’t make coffee?”
“There’s not a single universe I’d say no, Steve.” In a quick gesture, Tony lunged forward, practically climbing onto Steve’s lap. “I love you and I want to spend the rest of my life with you. Yes, Steve Rogers. I want to marry you.”
For a long time Tony had lived alone, except maybe for JARVIS company. He never considered this “loneliness” a problem – actually he kind of enjoyed it. Not having to worry about what to do or when to do or how to do things was the best part of living alone, and even if he lived on a mansion, he always had something to keep him busy.
“It doesn’t matter anymore.” Tony shrugged. It was true, it didn’t matter. He was going to meet Stephan and forget Steve. Everything would be alright. “And I’ve always been a jerk, when did I lose this title and made you think this is a recent thing?”
As he entered the coffee, his heart beating fast and his hands colder than usual, Tony started searching for the blue flowers. And he found it. And, sitting by the table, was Steve Rogers. Stephan. And he smiled at Tony. Everything Tony managed to think was “nope”. Because Stephan was Steve, and he wasn’t ready to handle it.
‘Even in this we combine’ he took a little to type. He was slower than Tony, Clint, Natasha e all the others Avengers – except maybe from Thor, he seemed to have bigger problems with tech than Steve.
want to smile. He wanted to scream. “Really good, Cap. I mean, wow, what a lucky woman right? The Captain America. I bet she’ll talk about it with her friends on tea time. Does she drink tea? Wait, don’t tell me, or else you’ll give me hints about who she is and you know I’d make her poor life a living hell. Wait, do I know her? No, again, don’t answer that. I really rather wait for the surprise. Hey, talking about surprises, that was really surprising, but I was on my way to the workshop, and have this Stark Industries app to finish and now I also need to redesign the training room so congrats for, you know, for your conquer, really. God bless America!”
“You don’t have to. Really.” Steve shook his head, but the smile was still on his face. “My things can be fixed. I have a Tony, after all.”
“WHAT?!” Tony could not be more shocked. If Pepper told him that she had sold Stark Industries for a hundred dollars he would feel less offended than he was feeling right at the moment. “You… Steve, do you really thing that I,
“Oh.” Steve scratched the back of his neck, that was becoming pink, and looked away from Tony. “I was just cooling my head a little.”
’ story, but homophobia has nothing to do with this. So never ever again insinuate this, don’t even think about it, because I swear, Steve, if you repeat it ever again…
‘Why don’t we fall in love with each other?’ Tony sent the message, feeling his heartbeat increase, anxiously waiting for the answer.
They were both quiet, just staring at each other. Tony still didn’t believe that was happening. He believed that any time now Clint and Natasha would show up, laughing at him, a camera in hands recording the worst joke ever. But no, there were just him and Steve.
The brunette settled under the blanket, the engineer's body approaching Steve’s. Rogers felt Stark’s hand reach for his, pulling the blonde’s arm over his own body.
“My drawing tablet it not working.” Still biting his lip, Steve approached Tony, holding out the black drawing tablet, not much bigger than a common tablet.
Steve’s eyes were locked on Tony’s screen, watching as the equations disappeared, so the question caught him off guard. He gave Tony a jumpy look, not really understanding what those words should mean. Girlfriend? Introducing? What? That conversation wasn’t making any sense.
Tony turned to Steve’s opposite side, ready to just get away from there. He was a complete moron, of course he was. What had been that awful monologue? He was a moron for always keep talking, nonstop, whenever he got nervous. It was a terrible mania that he needed learn to control as soon as possible. As soon as he was out of there, as Steve released his arm. Why the hell was Steve holding his arm?
Clint’s question came back to Tony’s mind. Steve was one of the best people Tony had ever met. During his teenage he had been some kind of Captain America’s fan boy, and meeting him after all that time hadn’t change Tony’s mid in slightest. And no, nothing was ‘going on’ between him and Steve. But it wouldn’t be terrible if there was. Would it?
“Bear with me.” two steps more. Steve swallowed dry. A few more steps and Tony would leave him completely cornered. “Barton shows up at my workshop and asks if there's anything going on between you and me. Since then I have been thinking about the concept of ‘we’. And you, as always, are by my side all the time, helping me, listening to me and I honestly don’t even know why. I talk too much. Then you show up and I really feel something between us, and when I'm sure you're going to kiss me, you just don’t. And leave. As if it wasn’t enough, when I try to talk to you, you ignore me. What do you think happened, Steve?”
“He’s an idiot, didn’t even buy a ring.” Tony laughed, wiping his own tears away. Steve rolled his eyes, but then he laughed, tweaking Tony better on his lap. “We’re getting married.”
He remembered vividly the first time Tony had kissed him. At the time Steve was already more than aware of the attraction he felt for the man, but he believed that it was not something that could be carried forward, completely futureless. So when Tony took the initiative, after a particularly complicated mission, Steve was completely shocked.
“I’m not finished.” Steve cut him, which caused Tony’s eyebrows to arch. He was pretty sure that Steve considered interrupting people in such a rude way a complete lack of education, and he really didn’t remember seeing Steve being rude. “What I mean, Tony, is that I really understand that you could have problems with… Homosexuality. I’m not gonna ask you to love this part of me, but I really believe that–”
“Tony! How did you get into my room?” Steve finally managed to speak after several minutes, finally entering his own room and closing the door behind him.
“I brought you dinner. You didn’t show up at the kitchen so…” looking shy Steve approached Tony, putting a small canister near him.
Okay, he'd decided he was okay with being just friends with Tony, thank you very much, but he didn’t need to torture himself. Tony's closeness could sometimes feel like torture.
Steve began to laugh, and Tony thought that was unnecessary and a little offensive. So okay, he had just admitted he was pathetic; Steve didn’t need to laugh so hard and reinforces the idea.
Waking up on a decade, a century completely different was harder than face the Second War. From “seventy years in the future” to “all the people you know are dead”. He knew how to pretend really well that he was dealing with everything with certain ease, and of course, he tried to, really tried hard to adapt to every new stuff he was introduced to. And, as hard as it could look, most of the time he succeeded.
And there was Steve’s second concern. Tony, unlike Eddie, seemed to be too happy the past days. Smiling all the time, making jokes, even doing small talk with Steve – which was really rare for them both. And if it was just it, that would be fine, but Steve had the feeling that there was more than the man was showing.
“Are you taking it all to your lab?” Captain’s blue eyes were at the jar, full with the black drink and letting smoke out. He waited for Tony’s head shake, giving his question a positive answer. “Can you… Would you give me a little?”
That’s why, sometimes, Tony took longer than necessary to reply Stephan’s messages, taking even days in some cases, and in the end he just started a new topic. Stephan was polite enough to not insist on topics that Tony ignored in a not very subtle way, and that just made Tony likes the man even more. What kind of complicated things. Because in Tony’s life nothing was ever simple.
“Hey, Cap.” Tony's voice was neutral. Steve turned his head, watching as Tony pulled a chair closer to him, sitting up and giving him a lively smile.
He closed his eyes, feeling his head begin to throb. He covered his nose and mouth with his right hand. He tried to squeeze them a little, make a tiny pressure, but the pain didn’t allow him to push hard enough. He felt Natasha's arms around him, beginning to guide him through the training room, and soon he was sitting on a bench, finally opening his eyes.
proportion, which by the way was showed on the coffee machine. His coffee was almost inedible, but Tony believed that even bad coffee as better than no coffee at all. Snorting, Tony throw the powder on the coffee machine and turned it on, knowing that he would have to wait about five minutes until it got ready – he would do all the volume that the coffee machine aloud.
Steve had spent too long on the internet because it was simply amazing. He had visited the most different sites, some of which had become his favorites, and others that he would never access again – people could post really embarrassing things. But the most amazing thing he had discovered was the anonymity.
“You can’t blame me. My boyfriend just asked me to marry him and I said yes. I have the right to be emotional.”
During one of the Avengers call he was hit by an enormous tentacle while he flew trying to hit the creature’s face, being thrown against a build, receiving the alert of multiple contusions on his armor screen. Tony really couldn’t keep focus.
Tony really wanted the date to happen as soon as possible, but he was, in fact, a really busy man. Between the Avengers and Stark Industries, the date would happen just in the weekend.
“Was the only thing that I could think to match ssm-70.” Steve shrugged. Their lips weren’t together anymore, but Steve was still holding Tony in a hug. “Ssm-70 was because of that terrible song.”
Tony did a little effort to catch Steve’s lips again. It was true; he was the most amazing person Tony had ever met – twice. And even though it seemed that he would never get tired of knowing him more and more.
They ended up marking the date in a small cafeteria next to the Avengers Tower, in which Steve had never been but had heard Tony compliment – and if Tony liked, Steve knew he could trust in the quality, although he was a little worried about the price.
“I don’t. Unless it's about Steve Rogers.” The engineer moved away from the blonde with a convinced smile, leaning his back against his own chair again.
“And even though I feel in love with you.” Steve finally said. Tony changed from ‘offended’ to ‘embarrassed’ in a matter of seconds. Steve took one step closer to Tony, keeping a respectful distance but also surpassing the comfort zone. “May I kiss you now, Eddie?”
“Let me see if I got it right.” And here was Natasha's disapproval. Steve knew she would not be happy about the story. Maybe it had been better if he just kept quiet. “You're ignoring Tony after you almost kissed him.”
“I think so.” The blonde removed his boyfriend's finger so he could respond, lacing his fingers with a slight squeeze. “I mean, I don’t have any ring with me now, but... let me do this right. Tony Stark, will you marry me?” Steve’s smile did not reflect on Tony’s face. The engineer was sitting still, staring at Steve, his expression completely serious. For long minutes. “Tony, I need an answer.”
“Shut up!” Tony’s finger met Steve's lips, silencing him. “Steve... did you really just ask me to marry you?”
Clint glanced back at Tony, his mouth still working on chewing his snack. For a few minutes he seemed really lost. The engineer could not blame him, since the question had been asked weeks ago.
He was not sure what he would have preferred to hear. Maybe if Clint had told Tony how Steve really felt... He might still not be brave enough to talk about his feelings.
“What are your plans for today?” Tony caught himself asking, really impressed with the way his voice sounded like he was interested at the answer.
But of course, when Tony was about to leave the room, his face burning with shame – it had been the first of many times that Steve saw Tony Stark blushing – Steve pulled him back. It was not an opportunity he would afford to lose. He completely understood the confusion in Tony’s gaze, especially as Steve gave a sweet smile before kissing him. Bath, tiredness, bed... nothing else mattered, not at that moment. Not when he had Tony in his arms, their lips caressing, warm and sweet. It was like he had completely lost his senses and the only thing that had logic was Tony’s body against his. At that moment Steve already knew that he had lost all of his defenses and it would be really difficult to force himself to live without being an important part of Tony’s life.
“I know, I know. I should have slept, blah blah blah. I really tried, just– Steve, what happened to your nose?”
Tony’s favorite part about his life was being a superhero. He believed that he became the best part of himself every time he was on Iron Man’s armor. Without false modesty, he loved the attention it gave him, of course, he still was Tony. But it was just when he wore the armor that he could be totally philanthropist.
Tony had just arrived when he heard the Quinjet’s lading noise and soon the other Avengers were back to the Tower. He kept his mouth shut, watching as Natasha helped Bruce – who always got a little bad after Hulk – to go to his room. Clint cursed as he passed straight for Tony, a big cut in his forehead and blood dripping by his cheek. And Steve, who was with his blonde hair and face completely dirt, coming in Tony’s direction.
It was not a matter of making him realize that he was a genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist. Tony was well aware of all that, it was always on the tip of his tongue. Tony needed to understand that he was actually important, special, someone who deserved to love and be loved. And for some long months Steve made him see all that. Because only after loving himself, Tony could love Steve.
‘Have you ever loved somebody that didn’t love you back?’ was one of the questions he did during one of their late night conversations.
"Of course it’s with each other, Rogers. Who else would I marry?” Stark waved an impatient hand. “Steve, this is very serious. You cannot be kidding me, I–”
It was what Steve wanted to ask, but a voice inside his head said it was best to be cordial. He looked at Tony, who was sitting on his bed, a serious expression turned toward him.
“What is it, Stark?” Clint took another bite of his lunch, chewing in a way that was the completely opposite to ‘elegant’.
“It sucked.” Tony’s voice was still mourn, now mixed with a small revolt. “I hate these events with boring investors. They're
If Steve was actually feeling anything more than friendship for Tony... Why had not he kissed Tony? And why was Steve ignoring him?
Tony hated when Stephan did that kind of thing. He really hated when his messages had any kind of flirt. Because Tony, being Tony, knew how to recognize a flirt like nobody. And, from time to time, Stephan flirted. Normally Tony had the feeling that he did that unconsciously. And even when he knew that it was not Stephan’s fault, he got a bit angry.
Steve suspected that Eddie was really sad about something. He did want to know what that was about, but at the same time he didn’t want to seem invasive. It wasn’t just curiosity, he was genuinely concerned. Steve had already accepted that, probably, he was in love with Eddie, so just the thought of the man being so sad made him a lot uncomfortable.
“Always.” Tony was still smiling, one that seemed plastered to his face, and the same that he always showed on magazines and for the paparazzi. He wished that Rogers didn’t notice. “For real. I’m happy for you.”
“You can have a Tony, if you want. But it's a lot of bureaucracy, I don’t think it's worth it.” Tony shrugged, watching the Captain look away for a few seconds, his face slightly tilted to the left. “Hey, your nose is perfect again.”
Tony didn’t look at him. Of course Steve would notice the change in his attitude. But what could he do? Stay by Steve’s side, watching him act like a teenager in love while Tony was right there, envying whoever it was? No, Tony still had a little of self-respect, thank you very much.
But what really mattered for Steve that day was his date with Eddie. He almost gasped when Eddie told him that he was also from New York. All this time thinking the man was from Seattle when actually he was so close from Steve. Maybe they had already bumped into each other at some moment and they didn’t even know. The possibilities were endless.
“I almost kissed Tony.” It was better to admit it at once. At least now he was taking that secret off his back. Even if the mistake remained, now he would no longer have to suffer in silence.
“All day long? I’m not sure.” Steve sat at the same chair Clint had used earlier. “What have you been doing?”
“You and Pepper do rehearse a script, don’t you?” Tony's revulsion made Steve giggle and place another kiss on his shoulder and neck. “It would’ve been so much better to have stayed here with you.”
At moments like that Steve really understood why he had fallen in love with the man in front of him.
“I used the Avengers access code.” the blonde man shrugged, sitting on an empty chair at the workshop, and Tony didn’t even know why he had one, since it could cause the misconception that he would enjoy to have visitors.
But now Tony didn’t live in Malibu anymore. He was a current resident on the Avengers Tower in New York. And, unlike the peace he had in the old mansion, there was always someone walking through the tower, all the time. It didn’t matter when he was walking around, there were always somebody awake – and Tony had the most messed up schedules. Even five twenty past dawn, Tony would find Steve sitting on the kitchen, stand with two enormous sandwiches in front of him, and one already by half.
Just to begin listing the reasons, he was a genius. His whole history showed that, without any space for doubts. Since he made his first circuit board when he was four years old until his major on MIT when he was sixteen. One night reading the right files and he could become an expert in thermonuclear astrophysics from night to day. Had happened.
One time he ended up accessing a relationship site, where every kind of people was looking for every kind of relation. When he tried to reply to a post, he saw himself forced to create an account. The last thing he wanted was to be called
“Write that down, JARVIS: I’ll give you to college students.” Tony sighed, almost forgetting about Clint. Again he looked at Hawkeye, who seemed about to touch one of his holograms. “Don’t. What do you want, Barton?”
Like with technology. He still saw people looking carefully at him when they talked things like wireless, tablet, operational system and apps. He was struggling to not roll his eyes for those people, who probably thought he was dumb. In any moment of his life, before or after the serum, he had been a dumb person; and certainly would not start now.
“Hmm?” Steve put his hand over his nose, worried. Everything seemed to be in order. “What about it?”
Tony knew that that temperature was high enough to burn his whole mouth, but Steve didn’t seem to care. He just shrugged before go back to the workshop and give attention to the things that really matter.
Tony curiously studied it. He remembered when he'd helped Steve to choose that drawing table. It should have been over a year, but even so the object seemed newly bought. Tony could not help but be impressed by the Captain's care for absolutely everything. He wasn’t the Avengers' leader for nothing.
This was how he met Stephan, initially for the user name ssm-70. From all people with who Tony had talked in the site, Stephan was the best by far. He knew when to be funny and when be serious. He seemed to handle Tony complains – usually a lot of them – really well. Tony thought that Stephan was almost perfect, and that’s why it was so good that they didn’t meet in person.
“Ahn…” Steve also looked surprised. He let go off the sandwich, swallowing fast the amount that he had just bit and cleaning the corner of his mouth with his thumb, a gesture that made Tony automatically look away. He wasn’t forcing himself to deal with that. “I’m going to… Run, in a while. And then I’m going to SHIELD HQ.  Fury asked... Ahn... That’s basically it. Ahn... And you?”
“Why didn’t you kiss me, Steve?” two steps more. Steve was already feeling trapped. He had nowhere to run.
“He didn’t tell me anything, Stark.” Clint seemed to have recovered from the surprise, a wicked smile on his face, shrugging and dismissing the matter. “He told Nat. And I found out.”
“Tony.” He felt Steve’s hand on his shoulder by the time he had reached the corner of the block where the coffee was. He wasn’t sure about where he was going, besides far from there. “I think we should talk.”
‘I’m coming in. I’m the gorgeous man with sunglasses.’ Steve received the message before the cafeteria door opens one more time, and through it, wearing sunglasses, Tony Stark came in.
Tony felt like it had passed just five minutes since Barton’s invasion when Steve’s voice startled him. His tiny screwdriver fell off once again, making him curse. What in ten hells was his teammates’ problem? Where did the urge for entering his workshop without knocking come from?
Not that he didn’t like Captain – he did, probably a lot more than he should. The problem was that Steve Rogers was the ideal man, the model citizen, the perfect soldier. He really was everything that Howard had told him during his childhood, and probably even more.
Eddie’s last message had aroused many different feelings in Steve. First, there was the warm feeling when he read that he was the most amazing person that Eddie had ever met, kind of inflating his ego. Then, that sad feeling that he didn’t really knew each other, and how Steve wanted so bad to meet Eddie. And, at least, the
Tony would swear that caffeine didn’t affect Rogers system on any way, and he was pretty sure that his confusion was showing in his face, especially when he noted that the blonde’s face started to acquire a light pink tone. Even though Tony went back the stand and got a mug in the dish rack and filled it with coffee, giving it to the other man.
Steve was far from being a Tony Stark when the subject was technology. Maybe Tony wasn’t the best comparative, after all the man made that a living. The fact was: Steve wasn’t great with this technology stuff, but he was really far from being as bad as everybody thought.
They had been together for over two years now, stable and happy. Of course it was not perfect all the time, no relationship was, but Steve had never been as happy as he was with the engineer. Tony, even with his almost daily complaints and sarcasm, was still everything Steve had wanted in someone else. In his own way, Tony was sweet, funny and affectionate. And it made Steve extremely happy.
Steve also did not remember very well when he and Tony had become so close. When he stopped to think about it, everything had been really natural. The same subjects, a joint work, friends in common and the same jokes being exchanged. Just like that the two had become... what they were. Slowly and naturally.
He could start a fight, an argument, anything like that. Actually he felt an urgency to answer in the most sarcastic and less polite way that he could think about, but he was just not in the mood. It was really early, he hadn’t had his coffee and Steve looked really interested on his sandwich. So he could be with the damn thing.
Unlike Barton, Steve was perfect, like someone carved in marble. The super soldier’s serum never allowed battle scratches and bruises to last more than a day on Steve’s skin. The Captain was used to take care of everyone, except himself. He was always the first one to jump in front of any teammate if it meant save his or hers life. That’s why Tony claimed that his perfection was the serum’s fault.
Besides, Steve knew he also made Tony happy. The way Stark smiled when they were together, or how, even when they needed to spend some time apart – whether it was for SHIELD or Stark Industries – Tony always called before bedtime just to know how his day went.
“Yeah, exactly.” Tony waved his hand, feeling really embarrassed. He wished he didn’t leave the coffee and that he wasn’t in the middle of a sidewalk while he was having that conversation, but it was too late. “And yes, I kept talking about you to you. I thought that I could forget about you by starting something with you. I am that pathetic.”
Tony’s eyes widened at once, as if all the sleep he felt was simply gone. He then sat on the mattress, pulling the blanket that covered them. Stark’s hand quickly found the lamp, lighting a faint yellow light and illuminating the bed.
Steve waited for Eddie’s answer, but it never arrived. He sighed, guessing that the man had slept or was doing something for the company he worked for – that happened frequently, actually. He just took a deep sigh before put the small cellphone that Tony gave him on his pocket and left the Tower to run and try to cool his head.
Because those kind of things sometimes Steve just wanted to be left alone. He couldn’t handle all those people willing to tell him everything every time anymore, asking questions about the war, and mainly he couldn’t handle the looks. He really didn’t stand the looks he got. It was like nobody was ready to let him move on, even though he was already doing it – or at least trying.
“Did you sleep at all this night?” sometimes Steve sounded like a mother. After he discovered Tony’s lack sleep habits, that question had become really frequent and, honestly, very annoying.
“Steve?” he finally entered the room, closing the door behind him and diverting from a projectile that flew towards him. Steve stopped the moment he heard Tony’s voice, almost being hit in the face, but dodging at the last minute.
“No, you didn’t. But I’m perceptive.” Tony shrugged. He clearly did not realize how important that small that detail was to Steve. “It's the one you always choose when we buy trash food. And even though you don’t eat that much sugar, you always eat the pot of butter pecan practically alone.”
“Cooling you head? Like this?” Tony pointed to the floor, and all the pink from Steve’s neck reached his face.
This moment was practically routine. Every week Tony got carried away by his projects, locking himself for hours and neglecting his basic needs. In those days Steve always brought him dinner, which he carefully prepared in the canister. Then, while Tony ate, Steve sat by his side and asked about Tony’s day. Tony knew he talked too much and used a lot of technical terms that Steve would not understand but Steve stayed by Tony’s side anyway, waiting until he was finished eating, pretending to be completely interested by the topic, whichever it was. Then, looking all innocence, Steve convinced Tony it was a great time to go to sleep.
“Excuse me?” Steve laughed, knowing that this would be a bad time to blush. He could not let it show how embarrassed he was.
Tony went down the two necessaries floors in a couple minutes, arriving in front of the training room in maybe one. The only person inside was Steve. Many of the robots and armaments that Tony had designed especially for the trainings were on the floor, and some others attacked Steve with all they’ve got – which in that particular moment didn’t seem to be enough, just one more concern to Tony Stark’s giant list.
Not that this was a terrible idea or something like that. Tony did like Steve. They spent a lot of quality time together and, usually, it was really good. But even so one thing had no connection with the other.
Steve’s blue eyes got huge, his face, neck, ears, everything that the Captain America’s uniform didn’t cover seemed to become pink. And Tony was so, so chocked and offended that he didn’t even think that was cute. Tony was really mad with that insinuation.
‘Eddie, are you alright?’ everyday he sent that question, waiting that Eddie answered as cheered as he did before.
He hadn’t the faintest idea of who Eddie was. Everything he knew was that his username was EdST. He didn’t know where Eddie was from, but he had linked ST with Seattle, even though he knew that that was not the city’s abbreviation. He also knew that Eddie worked in a huge company, even though he never told him which one. And, mainly, he knew he liked Eddie a lot.
“Yeah, damn,” Yaël mutters back. They don’t look away from the screen as they see themselves into a strong shouting match, who-ever was filming it extremely quiet in the background.
“Hell no, I don’t want any part of it anymore!” Peter almost yells. He can’t believe it. He could always take it off whenever he wanted, but now that he actually
Steve guides Tony back inside the room, but Tony’s not really listening to Strange, who is discussing the reactions in Peter’s brain. Instead, Tony’s mind is stuck on Mary, on who told her in the first place. Who was the person that warned her? And what did they tell her? Did she know everything? Know that Tony knows? She didn’t let that show in that video of hers, at least, but it might have been recorded before that person arrived.
Tony can’t believe him. Yet, he’s still grinning widely, despite the continuous anxiety he’s feeling inside of him. “Sure,” he mutters back, feeling Steve press a kiss on the back of Tony’s neck. They both close their eyes, and while they don’t fall asleep immediately, eventually even Tony ends up into the land of dreams. And for this one, rare time, there’s no nightmares about bodies around him, or Peter’s lifeless body falling down on the ground. Which is a good thing, but not enough.
Just as she said, after twenty minutes Steve was finding himself giving introductions to a girl probably one or two years younger than him – biologically, that is, since Steve’s in fact in his nineties to be exact… The girl had been pretty, kind, giving him kind of a Latina vibe with her dark eyes and dark, straight hair. She told him to call her Steph, and they hit it off well enough.
Peter looks up, eyes opening despite the heaviness in them. He smiles before he can even see any of the people he knows are around him. All the Avengers are here. All his friends are, too. Of course, they are; they had been here before they put Peter under, after all.
“Well, how about that, it actually worked,” Steve mutters out. Peter nods in agreement, face suddenly pleased.
It’s a testament to the fabric Tony has used that it’s not ripping as he slides on the ground. There’s a messy chase. He’s shot at by the same purple beam as in the bank. He’s swinging left and right, smashing against multiple trashcans and mailboxes. His nose actually hurts from the repeated blows.
He contemplates if he should get inside and pay Aunt May a visit, but eventually he decides not to do it. He shouldn’t disturb her while she’s working, especially if Strange is here today. That’s one of the surgeons Peter mostly likes to avoid, after all the stories Aunt May told about him.
“Just Rhodey and Vision again. They’re probably the only ones who can hang out with you for a longer period of time,” Natasha jokes, but Tony doesn’t laugh at all. Sure, he’s showing her a fake smile, but it’s obvious that leaving these things so unresolved makes him uncomfortable. Peter just clears his throat again, uneasy at the tense atmosphere going on here.
Or was she just thinking about him to find a way to get revenge on Loki, it would make his sneaky jealous mind go crazy. But that would be childish, extremely childish. She wasn’t together with Loki anymore and he slept around with whoever he wanted, even during their ‘relationship’. That, and she had been sleeping around for a while now, she didn’t need cocky Jason for that. And, where the fuck was Loki? She’d probably never see him again. Better get him out of her mind. Maybe Jason could help her with that. OR MAYBE HE COULDN’T. Yaël’s thoughts kept circling like that until she surrendered and waited for a cab to stop for her. She hadn’t even noticed that X had left her mind so she’d have some private freak out-time.
“What?” Steve asks, sounding a bit shocked. Tony can only shake his head and let out a sinister chuckle.
Steve nods. He can agree to that. Why do the palms of his hands suddenly hurt that much? Steve looks down, realizing that his nails are digging into his skin. His fists are too tight… he loosens them.
The thing is, he could get out of bed. It would be easy to step out, head to the store and bring back some booze. But he wouldn’t help himself with it. With the fear of disrupting his now-healthy liver, Tony instead tells himself to stay in bed. At least that way he won’t be destroying himself again like that.
is the result of his parents, or his Aunt and Uncle. They made Peter into the brave teenager that he is today. They’ve had his baby-years, taught him how to walk or talk. They changed his diapers, went to his parent-teacher conferences. They helped him with his homework, and gave him all their wisdom about the world.
“That’s not supposed to happen,” Peter whispers out. “The Spiders were genetically altered so that only my DNA could accept it.”
She didn’t have a weapon except for her powers anymore, so they just had to do. With just a move of her hand the guy sunk knee-deep into the earth and got stuck. As she was still a bit exhausted from getting electrocuted, she used a few movements to start freezing the man. She ran in circles around him, making sure it went as quick as possible. The man panicked and yelled, thinking he was facing his death.
Yaël sighed as she put her phone away and jumped on her bed which bounced back a little. Maybe Wade was a few hundred years old?Did being immortal count as a superpower? Wait a minute, was she mutated too?
“How did this happen to you?” Peter wonders out loud, mourning for his friend. Even though he looks like he’s sitting there in front of him, everything inside of Peter knows that’s no longer Harry.
“There’s been a uniform switch? Where’s the orange?” Tony asks. Steve blinks a few times before clearing his throat.
suddenly comes out. Peter’s eyes open up wide, his mouth falls open. Holy shit, you can’t be serious, right? Now, of all times, his codes don’t work?
“It won’t be Vienna, since they’re still under construction there because of the explosion. It’s happening in Geneva, but it’s more hush-hush now. The news doesn’t know about it,” Peter explains in a low voice. “You can’t tell anybody, okay?”
Peter nods and sits up a bit straighter. His eyes light up a bit when Tony lifts up the screen, making sure that the boy can watch along with him. There’s nothing much Tony’s going to look up, mostly just how much his family has as an income.
Sure, this Steve might not like it, but it’s not like Tony’s going to stick around after he finds out.
Tony has to admit that Otto keeps on standing strong while the needles insert themselves into his spine. People around him start cringing, almost as if they’re feeling the pain instead of him. Steve, too, shudders for a moment before turning towards Tony.
When she was finished, she looked up. Somehow, Hulk managed to jump into the spaceship. Someone dropped something about a fever, another one said something about missing the coronation. But Yaël let herself sink into the black water again. It was way more comfortable there than it was being conscious.
“But… I have something to report from my side as well, and I really need your input on it,” Tony admits. Steve then visibly relaxes. “What, you thought I was going to
And that’s a good thing, he thinks. It gives him time to work more behind the scenes on the team rather than at the front. To help out as
“You know, Charles, I blew up my sister AND I actually thought Steve was my friend, sick times” she mumbled as she searched for her flightnumber.
“Stark, it’s been a while. Where’s the suit?” Wolverine asks. Mr. Starks hands ball into tight fists, and Peter swallows nervously.
FRIDAY explains. Peter groans and smacks his head on the workbench, making sure to avoid hitting the arc-reactor.
“I don’t think the two of you will ever really understand it,” Peter sighs. “But it’s okay… I guess I’m just the broken one.”
“Hi honey, I really need to go but I’ll talk to you tonight?” he asks right before kissing her on the cheek and running off. He doesn’t see MJ’s surprised look at his sudden behavior, only realizing it once he’s back in the apartment.
With Tony out of the country for some Stark Industries-stuff, Peter is spared from the warning he was no doubt going to get at the mention of going to a party.
So he might be kicking down some trashcans in his enthusiasm to put it on… that doesn’t mean that he’s being irresponsible, right?
“Jesus, kid, are you alright?” someone asks, and when Peter looks up, he finds Hawkeye standing over him. He’s wet, meaning that he’s the one that pulled him out.
“What? Oh…You once did this to me, actually.” He said with a smirk. “Come on, I want to show you something.”
“Anyway, I was wondering if I could get a lift? Can you get us up there?” Peter nods, holding out his arm to allow the Captain to grab on.
But eventually he’s picked up, and brought back to the hotel room. Where he takes a long shower and decides to nap.
“Hey, dude!” Peter calls out. The man lowers his glasses – they’re reading glasses, not good for far-sight – and then starts smiling as well.
too late to reach him. Tony closes his eyes and tries to hold back a tear while he remembers that one day they’ve overwritten due to indescribable time-travel.
“So, what’s your name?” Mr. Rogers asks. Peter opens up his mouth to answer, but then another coughing fit takes control of him.
“Eh, it wasn’t really the flu…” ‘Conversion disorder’, that’s what Charles had called the onfall she had gone through. He had done some research, called and spoke to some big doctors about it and some of them weren’t able to tell him what went on with her, but others, who did found something, came up with the same result: Conversion disorder. That basically meant that her physical symptoms arose in response to her mental state, being confronted with extreme stress and trauma. So her mind started attacking her body. It surely sounded crazy, Yaël had never heard of it before, but it fitted what happened precisely.
The look in Tony’s eyes back in that hallway… It’ll probably haunt Peter for a few of his nightmares. Tony looked angry, yes. But more than that, he looked scared to death. Like he’d been certain that Peter would die like this. And had they been a little bit later, it would have been that way.
“I sure hope you’re not intending on letting him stay at the tower?” Tony asks, trying not to sound too annoyed. Steve just laughs, putting his hands on Tony’s shoulders and looking him straight in to his eyes.
It seems like somebody has been waiting for him, because only three seconds after he’s pressed the button somebody walks inside. Tony recognizes him as Happy.
Peter knows Tony is slowly getting crazy by the lack of news coming from the Avengers on when they will return. Two weeks is a while, especially if there’s minimal contact between them and Tony, who is now only acting as their information point. He looks things up for them, connects the dots whenever they can’t, and sends them coordinates to where they’re supposed to go.
Peter stares at the hammer, never having seen it up close. For a second, he hesitates. Then he holds out his hand. When Yaël doesn’t stop him, he grabs the handle of the hammer and tries to lift it up. Much to his dismay, it doesn’t budge. Yet, he shouldn’t have been surprised…
FRIDAY responds. Tony then takes his cellphone and gives it a quick look. There’s still nothing from Peter, which surprises him a bit. Isn’t he curious about what they’ve found about that Black Cat-person?
“Steve, you better hang up real quick if you want to go to New York,” Natasha warns him. Steve nods. She’s right. He’s about to tell Peter that he needs to go when Peter suddenly starts again.
,” FRIDAY responds, though sounding like she’s not really happy with it. Tony’s sure she’ll forgive him when it’s over. He lets her scans do their work before a red light shines up on a spot on his back. Where-ever he moves, the light follows him. Good, that way there’s less chance he’ll miss.
Tony pulls back from the hug, looking at the other Avengers. Or a part of them. Wanda and Vision are downstairs, with Bruce in his lab. They’re trying to work with what they’ve got, having taken a small, too small, piece of the suit and using Wanda’s powers to keep it from evaporating. Vision is there to assist him. Given the lack of Shuri in the room, Tony figures she’s downstairs as well.
Tony agrees. “Yes, I’ll be there. But watch out, it’ll probably be the last time you’ll ever see me at a board meeting.”
“Actually, it’s for Michelle Jones. Though we’ve been promoted to calling her by her initials since we’re supposedly ‘friends’.”
“No Barnes?” he asks, a bit surprised for it. Then Sam shoots one short glance at Natasha, who is seated somewhere to Tony’s right. The look is quick, but Tony understands enough with it, remembering how, back in the hospital, she addressed the man as ‘James’.
“There’s something on your mind,” Yaël noticed. Oh, did she just say that out loud? Maybe she shouldn’t have said that, she didn’t want to break into the guy’s privacy. She saw Peter turn a bit in his seat, he looked so extremely uncomfortable that Yaël wanted to tell him he could ignore her statement, but he answered instead.
But in just a blink of an eye, Hela had already thrown a blade at the guy with the machine guns. Yaël saw his body crash down against the bridge. A zombie ran up to her from her back, thinking she was too distracted by the death to see him coming. But by the time he had reached her, she had already put him on fire. She turned around to face him and simultaneously steered a whip from the water that grabbed him by his feet.
He arrives just in time when he sees the guy pull her back to him by grabbing her arm. Then he pushes her against the wall. He hears a painful grunt coming from Michelle, and he jumps up. He needs to help, here.
When Peter enters the workshop, he's not too surprised to see Steve sitting at the desk next to Tony. He drops his bag, evades Dum-E loose affectionate arm, and salutes the pair sitting there.
vulnerable to them?” a woman asks. Otto seems to have expected the question, though, if his smile is any indication of it.
“I guess we both did?” Clint offers. Natasha rolls her eyes, flicking all three of them over the head.
Before Peter can near any of them, he’s suddenly punched away. A hard blow against the face sends him flying in the air until he lands on his back, painfully. Realizing that he might have been attacked by one of these weapons, Peter scrambles back up and shoots at the car until he’s attached to it.
Felicia is based on how she looked in the Amazing Spider-Man 2 (so, Felicity Jones, in short), though a few years younger. She's about a year older than Peter is! She is the same character as from the movie, meaning that she was Harry's sort of assistant for a short while (maybe an internship? Who knows?) Peter never met her so he doesn't recognize her
If I’m right, you have been seeing this man. The professor pointed at one of the pictures, next to one of a red-haired woman, of a blonde, tall, muscular man, wearing a baseball cap. Yaël recognized him immediately. Right, as I thought. This man is Steve Rogers, you used to be very close friends. You mean a lot to him.
“Hey doc,” Tony starts, ignoring the slight shudder in his voice. He clears his throat, stops the car and rubs his eyes. “I, uh, I was wondering if you were seeing anybody right now?”
“But we let him go again. And we couldn’t stop him from killing all those HYDRA-agents,” Steve counters. “Sure, they weren’t innocent, but that doesn’t mean they deserved to be blown up like that.”
So Peter follows Mr. Stark towards a window he didn’t know was actually a door. Mr Stark opens it, gesturing for Peter to come inside. The teenager hesitates only for a little bit, but then he agrees.
“You’re too fucking drunk to even remember this dickwad stealing my girl, don’t you?” Eddie asks, huffing out an annoyed breath while pointing at Peter. A few heads turn towards Peter in confusion.
Yaël jumped up, which was a bad idea since the quick movement combined with the lack of food made her feel dizzy. She knew what she had to do.
He doesn’t know who came to his rescue. He doesn’t care, either, right now. Because ten seconds have already passed, and he’s still falling.
Lopt was still chained and looked furiously at the situation, cursing. “Now, bring her to her own grave, maybe her death makes the stone somehow return, and lock him in the dungeon, I want to ‘talk’ to him.”
“Whoa, this is so weird!” he complains. When he’s pushed out of suspension, he smashes against Hulk and Thor – man, these guys never really catch a break, do they? Peter doesn’t pay attention to them, instead just leaning up a bit to face the Cap-man. “Whoa, what is that thing?” he asks, wishing his voice wouldn’t squeak that much.
As they arrived at the sixth floor, with the same used-to-be-white walls with here and there holes in the papers so the bricks were showing (as everywhere in the building and carpet that had the color of puke)Yaël lifted her backpack from one of her shoulders and started looking for a key.
“We’re going to see Steve,” he says with a smirk. “We’ll talk it all out, and after this weekend he’ll come and live with us again.”
“That will depend on all of you,” Ross says. Sue nods, discontent with the answer. She won’t complain, though. Instead, she knocks Reed on the head in search for his attention.
“I’ve been miserable for so long without you,” Peter admits as well, a bit breathless. Then, he finally pulls back a little, not getting out of her hold completely. That’s when Peter realizes his hands are still on her cheeks. She doesn’t seem to mind it, though. “But I don’t understand? I held you in my arms? I went to your funeral? How are you here?”
“I don’t see the big deal, Peter. You have a famous father, so what? It’s not like it’s completely life-changing,” Harry says, rolling his eyes. Peter feels close to growling.
Steve then throws him an unimpressed look. “I met her at SHIELD. We dated for two years, then we got married. End of the story.”
He’s thought about inviting Wade (why even?) and Yael. They assured him they’re having a little celebration on their own, that they wouldn’t feel completely welcome. Peter knows it’s because the girl rather avoids Tony. That’s an issue to solve in the near future, but not yet.
. There are hands holding him underneath his armpits. Peter coughs out some water, and then tries to look up.
Peter nods, holding up his arms as suddenly two children are put into his arms. The kids really look alike, though there’s an obvious age difference between the two of them.
“I’m sorry, I need to take this. You just look around, when you’re done you can ask one of my people to help you out.”
Nakia and Okoye nod, while T’Challa heads towards the hallway where Peter and Shuri disappeared to. Tony puts his hands in his pockets, waititng for the sweet relief of being alone again. Or, as alone as he could be, with Peter still in the penthouse. Maybe it’s a good thing he didn’t go back and left Tony here all on his own. Who knows what could have happened with that brain of his.
Wades eyes shone like the eyes of a little girl when she stepped out of the bathroom. He was almost back at his normal length, Yaël noticed as he stood up.
“Peter, watch out!” Yaël still shouted. Somehow, Peter managed to pull Wade away from the steering wheel. As a reflex, Yaël tried to get to the oil of the car, trying to steer it, pull it from the car and use it to push the lady aside. While steering her powers, she felt the car brake roughly. Yaël looked up and saw Peter shooting webs out of the window, but she kept focusing of the old lady.
“Not really. I’m tired of being angry, you know. I just- it’s not like I’ve got many friends to begin with. It would be stupid of me to push the ones I have away to begin with.” It didn’t matter anymore that she didn’t see or hear Peter that much. What mattered was that she was there for him, and he would be there for her too, she was sure of that now. And even if he wasn’t, even if his busy mind lost her for a moment, that would be no shame, because he’d never mean it in a bad way, he’s just a bit occupied and blurry-minded like that. Yaël couldn’t help but smile out of the affection she felt for this guy. Well, she also smiled her own stupidity for ever being angry at him away.
Of course, it’s mostly Peter who did the planning, and Ned trying to stop him, constantly reminding that it was crazy. The plan is stupid, and probably deadly, but Peter needs to know.
“Because that thing inside you, it’s something we have to be careful with. Every infinity stone is different, but they’re all very powerful.” Charles echoing voice seemed to be the next hint.
"Fucking snow," Johnny mutters, walking towards the kitchenette and sitting down at the counter in front of Peter. When he's handed a mug with chocolate milk, he accepts it wordlessly. "Thanks."
He knows that he’s not in his room; the colder temperature coming from the air-conditioning makes that clear enough, along with the various sounds that come along with it.
Tony lets out another sob, but then loosens his grip on Peter at last. He nods, though the heaviness in his chest is just
“Did you now?” Steve smirks as he looks down at him with that fond expression. “Will you tell me what those were?”
“Practically, yeah,” Peter says, not knowing how to explain this, really. “I’ve been working with Mr. Stark. He’s building this new suit, and-“
Quickly, he hurries to let her in. Natasha jumps in the room in a swift motion. She’s completely dressed in black clothing, and her hair is tied together in a loose tail.
Cap's experience in the alternate universe is for the timestamp. This story is strictly written in Tony & Peter's POV and I wasn't going to stray for that! Don't worry, you'll get it!
“Get to reading, smartass,” Steve tells him. Sharon passes a hand through his hair to mess it up even more, causing for her and Steve to laugh at the state of him. He grumbles in return, pulling the tablet back to himself.
“You just never know,” Tony points out, holding out the utensil towards Steve. “Can I remove spiderwebs with this?”
The second day, he might start to get a bit more worried than before. Once again, the punching bags become the victims of that, but he also goes for a jog in the gardens. When he gets to the spot at three in the afternoon, he doesn’t really feel anything.
So, yeah, here Peter is sitting, doodling on his piece of paper while getting spit-balls against the back of his head by the guy he might have seriously hurt when his emotions got out of control. He deserves the punishment that he’ll get, but he very much hopes that Flash, too, gets what he deserves. It’s been going on for long enough, after all.
Peter shouldn’t be too surprised about it, though. They’ve known there’s alien activity ever since the Chitauri attack back in 2012. Peter had been younger then, watching everything happening through the television with Uncle Ben and Aunt May next to him, holding him tightly as they watched Iron Man carry a nuclear bomb into space.
“There you are! I’ve been looking all over for you guys!” Brunnhilde stormed towards them. “The meeting is about to start!”
“Am I wrong or is wanting to die a very disconcerting wish?” Did Charles not get this? Even though Wade couldn’t die, it was still an unhealthy thought.
“Don’t lose this, it indicates that you have clearance to the top floors. Just hand this to the receptionist downstairs and he’ll make sure your badge is changed accordingly.” Peter then thinks back of Lincoln downstairs.
Norman just looks so young back here. To Tony, he died years ago, leaving his son with a terrible, uncurable sickness. He’d been grey and faded as far as Tony could remember. Here, he looks good, still. Well enough not to need tons of make-up to hide away the degeneration of his body. His reddish-brown hair neatly combed back, his chin cleanly shaven.
“I know, it sucks, but if there are some… unspoken feelings… we may need to just, you know, put it out there,” Yaël said carefully, hoping the kid wouldn’t spill out his romantic emotions.
Then Happy hangs up, and Peter rolls his eyes again. He leans a bit to the side to check along on the holographic map coming from the device.
“Yes, Dad, I’m sure,” Peter says, taking some of his clothes out of his closet and putting it in his suitcase. “Besides, I’ll still be here every two week-ends. And I’m not alone.”
Steve sighs again, leaning his head down until it’s hidden against Tony’s chest. His hands come up to Tony’s hips, fingers slowly passing over his skin. It tickles a bit.
Peter is almost sure his mother has something to do with this – despite the fact that she’s been dead for years. Perhaps Mr. Stark sees a lot of her in him, or maybe he just wants to protect her only living son. In any way, Peter’s not going to make any remarks about that. It actually comes in quite handy, when it comes to his plan to get to know the man.
“It’s alright, though, we’re almost finished. It’s not like we’re moving everything, and May and I already went to buy new furniture.”
Tony eventually returns. He hugs Bruce, kisses Pepper on the cheek and squeezes Happy’s shoulder. Then he greets Brunnhilde with a kiss on the fingers, which the woman seems to find a bit strange.
“Steve, are you alright?” Peter asks, slightly worried. He just hopes there’s not already a fight with Tony, because honestly, they’re
“You don’t really seem to like her, do you?” Peter asks curiously. He leans towards the desk and takes the small holographic projection that is floating above the desk and starts toying with it to have a look. It looks like some more things for the suit, and Peter is almost wondering where they’re going to fit it all. He hasn’t seen the final result of it, only the parts that he’s helped make. Tony always said that he would see what it looks like after the person it’s meant for will wear it.
“I don’t understand how you’re described as having a silver tongue. Your expressions are always the worst.”
The Avengers came back after three days, but something didn’t feel right. Yaël heard rumors of Wanda making a big mistake during the mission. The maidens whispered while cleaning the halls that something bad was happening, saying that the girl should get locked up as a wild animal.
Harry got mad, freaked out. He went to find Max, or Electro as he started calling himself, and freed him on the condition that he would deliver Spider-Man to him. Harry then took care of the board-members of his company – not in the fun way, since they all ended up dead – and stumbled upon the special weapon’s department of Oscorp; that was where he found the poison of the spider that bit Peter.
“I’m pulling the plug!” Peter then says, jumping down only to have one of Otto’s robotic arms smack him across the room to stop him. With a loud noise, Peter lands against the wall in a clearly painful way. When he doesn’t get up immediately, Tony’s heart stops for a second.
“According to my data, he only escaped about an hour ago. As if my weapons on the streets aren’t enough, now there’s a leeching symbiote out there that acts as a parasite towards people…”
Is it obvious that he’s not in the mood for anything? He’s probably imagining the aching in his chest he’s been feeling since a few days now. Instinctively, he still presses his hand above where his heart is, massaging the sport nervously.
help you with the rent of the house but the only problem here is now that I have to choose which internship I’ll try for because I can’t decide between Electrical Engineering at Stark’s or Biochemistry at Oscorp and I need your help because what do you think will be better for me?”
There’s nothing coming from the other side. Peter frowns, afraid that Johnny might actually be mad at him or something. He knocks again.
Yaël then snorts, letting out a small chuckle when she hears it. When she holds out her hand, Peter fishes out his cellphone, looks up the conversation he’s had with Michelle, and hands the device to her. She then sits down next to him on the bed, turning the phone enough for both of them to be able to look at it.
Their family never even thought of mentioning him, which could mean one thing; she told them she didn’t want him in her life anymore, and they followed her last wishes.
The pair gets to the front door of the house, where Tony rings the bell. It’s not like he doesn’t have the key to this place, but he kind of forgot it at the Mansion. Besides, it’s not that long until somebody opens the door. Tony’s glad to see Peter standing there.
“Even when you make fun of me you need to watch your language, jerk!” he warns him. Tony then starts laughing, winking towards Peter and getting back in his previous position against Steve’s shoulder.
“Listen, Steven. I understand your need to return and be with your beloved. More than you can imagine. But the fact remains that he said he does not want you there. And whether that fact is true or not, you must respect his wishes.”
“I… I just don’t think you’d like meeting him.” Steve said without looking at her. What was he talking about.
in the compound but have an apartment somewhere in New York. Mostly, though, they return to San Francisco to see Scott’s daughter Cassie every two weekends (Peter met her once, and she’s probably too adorable for words!).
But it’s exhausting. It’s pretty much like training again, only this time the only reasons he’s getting bruises is because of his own feet kicking his legs. He can sing, sure, but dancing like this has never really been his talent. Of course, Tony wouldn’t be Tony if he would just back down from a challenge like this.
“Thanks,” he quickly adds. The driver just raises an eyebrow but then sighs and drives off. Peter starts walking towards the front door, only barely managing to get his keys out of his bag. Once the door is opened, he starts walking towards the elevator.
“Nah, I’ll call him, you help me out of here, Wade Wilson.” Yaël tried to sound easy and light, but the pain she felt seemed to crush her ribs and split her heart open. When she blinked, she could swear she could still feel dirt falling onto her body and she couldn’t shake the image of Raido collapsing, blood gushing from his throat. She couldn’t fool X, she knew that, but she was grateful he didn’t point it out, so she’d be able to fool Wade and herself a bit.
“Good, because now I have another surprise for you. Or two, actually,” Tony says, pointing towards a door on their left. Peter nods, frowning. “Because behind this door, there’s somebody waiting for you. But, we’re not going to take this door yet. This one is for later.””
“Maybe,” he says in return. He shuffles forward for a bit until their faces are close together once again. “I just want the love of my life to tell me what he’s planning.”
After half an hour, Stark stormed into the building without bothering to ring the doorbell or knocking on the door. No, he just smashed the door open and ran towards his son, wrapping his arms around Peter as soon as Stark reached him. The son dug himself more into his father’s embrace and Yaël felt the lump only growing bigger. She shouldn’t be watching this, it was a private moment, so she walked to her bedroom, closing the door behind her, waiting for the sound of the front door getting pulled shut.
“Don’t worry. These performances are never really that memorable,” Tony assures his son. Peter then wraps his own arms around Tony and hugs him back tightly.
way recovered enough for that already. The fact remains that he still should be in the hospital right now, but knowing Tony Stark, waiting in there isn’t his strongest suit.
“Uh…I’m Peter,” he tried to correct her, but his face quickly turned a bit shocked as she immediately turned to him and poked him sharply in his chest.
“Uh, you all right, Rogers? I was only joking.” Tony looked a bit worried. Steve then cleared his throat, realizing that he was sitting down on the bed, next to Tony’s feet. He quickly jumped back up, pulling at the chair.
“Yaël, it’s dinnertime. You already skipped lunch this noon, so I advise you to take a break and come eat something.” Yaël finally turned her head to answer Scott when she felt a foot, hooking behind her leg. She tumbled down and fell roughly on her back. Dang it, that hurt… After blinking a few times, she made herself sit up and pointed at the water-thing in front of her.
Yaël started rolling another scoop, but before she could put it in her mouth, she noticed the woman was still staring at her and was annoyingly tapping her foot. So Yaël put her fork back down.
“Oh, dear Cap, I’m afraid you don’t really have a choice,” he says. Sam then holds up his phone, pointing it towards them. Tony there reads what seems like an email, confirming their sign-up. Shit, they already arranged it?
After having caught up with the news about what Peter did in Washington, Tony wants to call him. There’s much he wants to tell him; that he’s proud, that he knew he would become someone great. But he finds it harder than he’d expect.
“Let’s get you back home, okay?” Tony asks. Still looking down, Peter nods, tears now actually rolling from his eyes. Jesus, Tony doesn’t like how much the kid’s been crying in the past few months. This shouldn’t happen, he shouldn’t be this sad all the time. So he does what any father should do right now; he pulls him into his arms, and holds him in a strong hug.
Gwen’s memory offers kindly. Peter finds himself looking up in surprise, almost expecting her to really stand there in front of him. But he knows that she won’t ever be able to do that again.
“You’ve got a concussion, as well, hence the dark room, including two concussed ribs. Dr. Cho will come by later to give us some more information,” Aunt May finishes. Peter startles a bit when he suddenly feels her lips on his forehead, but then he lets out a long breath.
“Which he didn’t know at first,” Ned points out, while literally pointing his egg roll Peter’s way. “You got yourself back up on your own.”
“Not like we’ll ever be able to say that we’re full,” Michelle mutters before walking away. Peter glares at her as she wanders off. Why does she even keep on hanging out with them if it’s only to offer sarcastic remarks and being a jerk.
“No, uh, just… this?” Tony corrects him, gesturing to all around him. Steve smirks and leans back a bit in his seat.
“Yeah, I’d like that,” Steve returns. They pull out of their embrace, hands linked together. In just a matter of seconds, they’re back out in the hallway. They haven’t had breakfast yet – maybe they shouldn’t have put on their gowns, already? – and Steve has to admit that he’s feeling quite hungry. Arm wrapped around Tony’s shoulder, the two walk towards where they remember Peter’s room being.
“What worked?” Clint asks as he walks back inside. “Hey asshole, that was really not a cool thing to do. What were you thinking?”
The hand holding Peter’s squeezes into his fingers, trying to get any sort of reaction out of the boy. Much to his surprise, a painful groan escapes Peter’s mouth, making both May and Tony jump up from their seat.
Then there was Rhodey, who focused more on her how she moved her body. Well, basically every single fucking time she moved, he told her to straighten her back or bend more through her knees. Even though it was annoying as hell, Yaël knew the man meant well. With all the training she did at that point, she needed to make sure she wouldn’t do any physical damage to her body by moving in wrong ways.
Peter stops in his tracks, frowning as he gives Wade a look. “Dude, she’s been in Asgard ever since that meteor hit the compound, don’t you remember?”
Peter knew Gwen for a while, though; he’d seen her, admired her from afar. But they never spoke. He knew that she was about the smartest person in the school; eh, well, next to him, of course. She had long white-blonde hair with a straight fringe above her eyebrows, and her skirts were always accentuated by those knee-socks that had been out of style for a while, but looked just perfect on her.
” the automatic voice says once he’s recognized. Tony ignores it, instead just walking inside and taking a look around.
Walking is a little bit more bearable now. He’s not having the constant feeling of needing to sleep. Sure, he would rather just spend the entire day in bed, doing nothing but regret every life choice he’s made so far in his life, but he knows that, in the future, he would hate himself even more for missing out on Thor’s wedding.
“That doesn't really matter anymore. Only a few of us remember. It’s safe to say that, after that, nobody really wanted you to risk your life again. That’s why we agreed not to make you an Avenger after all.”
Neither of them says anything. This is going to be a bit harder than last time, there’s probably too many years past since Siberia.
“Ah, crap,” he mutters to himself. He’s been too careless about where he’s been throwing his stuff lately. He needs better places to hide it away. The wall might have been too obvious for a homeless person walking by. It’s best to just swing his way back to the tower then.
Even in this universe, Steve proves to be an amazing leader. He throws orders at everybody, even at Tony, and makes sure that the enemy is easily taken care off. All in all, the fight takes about three hours or so, leaving everybody out of breath and obviously exhausted. Tony, too, feels just about ready to go to bed.
“Ah, you know, brainwashed Russian assassins with metal arms,” he shrugs, like it’s not that big of a deal. There’s so much more Peter wants to ask; Is Steve okay? Are
He knows he shouldn’t stay for the debriefing. The monster is down, the guy inside of it – Peter doesn’t stay to find out who it is – is taken away for questioning, and Peter swings out of the area, avoiding every member of the Avengers.
After this, things went very quickly. Yaël had the feeling she was living in a haze. Well, everyone was. Nobody even questioned why she stopped training for a week as she quickly noticed that training with a burned shoulder wasn’t a good match. Her wound split open again with every move she made with her arm. Luckily, she wasn’t too stubborn to contact Dr. Cho again, who fixed the wound very quickly. This time with the use of the synthetic skin, since Clint made it very obvious he had been joking before about the skin being itchy.
But, no, they would ask too many questions if he would do that. Sure, he can survive the drop – or he could just crawl down – but any other kid would end up with broken bones, and he can’t fake that. It’s not a good idea at all.
As for Mantis, after celebrating Christmas with the rest of the Avengers, she and the rest of the Guardians decided to head back. They all agreed that Peter’s doing much better, and that he doesn’t need her help anymore. She agrees, though the moment she leaves, he does make a new appointment with his psychiatrist just for good measures.
before. Then he tilts his head to the side, thinking back of when he was much younger, reading the news-paper about a Russian using Stark-technology and ruining the Stark Expo after it barely got opened. The one day Aunt May and Uncle Ben decide to take him there to see his idol, and a crazy Russian maniac comes to ruin all the fun!
tries to contact Peter again, if he would ever get to break free, the Avengers will stop him before he can even lift a single finger.”
That afternoon, Peter gets another detention, only this time there’s no way to talk himself out of this one.
This isn’t going to work. He can’t do anything here. Without another thought, he closes the line to prevent it from leaking everywhere. Then he grabs some tissues from the table, rips off the bandage on his arm and pulls the catheter out. It doesn’t hurt at all, so he presses on it for a moment to stop it from bleeding. After making sure that there won’t be any unnecessary blood loss, Tony hurries to his closet where he takes out a fresh pair of clothing Peter brought along a few days back. He puts it on with difficulty because of the large scar on his torso.
“Well, we got thrown into an alternate dimension where our lives were extremely different and I learned that I was a pretty horrible dad in an unhappy marriage. What was your journey through the dimensions like?”
He hasn’t taken out his suit since the argument with Tony and Steve. Normally, after a fight, he hangs it out, or throws it in the laundry. This time, he hasn’t, meaning that the suit might just smell a little of oil and dirt.
“Here, get a cookie!” Yaël was put in front of an open fire with a trillion blankets wrapped around her. Mr. Thompson was still putting new lumps of firewood into the open fire. Yaël took a cookie from the plate Mrs. Thompson was holding in front of her nose.
“And then Peter just appeared there, all dressed up, with the pretty date and all, and he just runs off again,” MJ says with a glint in her eyes. Peter hides his face away in his hand, especially when he sees a couple of the homeless look at him in confusion.
“I guess you’re right,” Tony admits. He picks up his jacket, suddenly feeling too naked, cold. He puts it on without looking at Steve.
“It’s harder than it looks, really,” Bruce mutters. Pepper rolls her eyes, walking towards the counter and gently pushing Bruce aside.
“Mordo’s too strong… we need Wanda Maximoff,” he whispers out. Peter gasps in confusion, pulling back again and turning towards the tower. It’s far away, but not that far. Wanda could make it here easily.
“Don’t worry, that’ll be taken care of,” Tony assures him. Peter nods enthusiastically, and then the two dive right back into work, this time not making the suit for the mystery hero but putting together a new Iron Man suit. Ned would freak out!
“Yeah, I had forgotten how pretty you looked,” she says dryly. Peter pokes her in the arm. Then they both shut up as the people around them start to quiet down, and their voices are much clearer to hear.
Steve smells nice now that he’s clean again. Like flowers, somehow, but in combination with… cherry, maybe?
X said in her head. Great, why did she even bother to call that man if she could just ‘think’ to communicate with him. Oh, shit, she never told him she accidentally met Steve in the park.
“So, you baked in your own flu-germs for a few days, sounds like fun!” Peter grinned after they ordered their drinks. Yaël felt her heart sink, she couldn’t lie to him, right?
“Oh, and Spidey?” Dr. Cho suddenly says before Peter can get out. The teenager turns back around to look at her and nods to make clear that she has his attention. “You said you lived with your aunt. I know it might sound like cheating, but Mr. Stark is quick in sponsoring orphans, being one himself. I understand if you don’t want to, but you might use that to your advantage.”
Natasha's voice sounded completely normal, even though she and Steve had been in the training room for over an hour, fighting each other, reviewing movements and flaws in their styles. Her red hair was fastened on a high ponytail which despite having a few strands out of place, remained firmly on the woman's head. Steve blond and sweaty strings were already attached to his forehead and neck, which reminded him that it was time for a haircut.
“Dinner? How long have I been here?” Tony wasted no time, opening his canister and grabbing a huge portion, finally noticing how hungry he was. Like any normal human being, he was used to forget about eating, of course. Totally normal.
He gestured for Steve to sit in that chair – which he still had to get out of there – and took the damn screwdriver from the floor. In a few seconds the drawing tablet was open at his desk. Identifying what was causing a defect had been easier than removing a few screws: a small fuse was burnt, one of the simplest, of which Tony owned thousands. A scramble here and there and he'd fixed Steve's drawing table.
Of course they did not become the most beautiful couple in New York – in Tony's words – on the same day – or even the next one. They being who they were, it was a really difficult process. Tony, in particular, was really difficult. Steve understood that the engineer was afraid of hurting him. Stark did not see in himself everything Steve did. So Rogers promised himself that for the rest of his life he would make sure Tony knew how incredible a person he was.
“Interrupt simulation.” Steve’s voice was puffy, his chest going up and down rapidly, trying to steady his breath. His blue eyes locked on Tony’s brown with curiosity and a little bit of concern. “Did anything happen, Tony?”
The little screwdriver slipped from Tony’s hand, falling to the floor and vanishing in the workshop’s mess. He took a deep breath, counting to five and asking himself how the hell he hadn’t listen Clint coming into his precious work place. He turned the chair, facing the blonde man. Clint had cuts and bandages all over his body, and even though Tony knew that when he was not with the Avengers Hawkeye still did lots of missions for SHIELD, Tony had the feeling that most of his injuries happened because he was often careless.
“Thank you, but I quite like this one. And it’s in perfect shape now, thanks to you. I don’t have to spend money.”
“Yes. You happened.” Tony finally got up, leaving his cell phone on the mattress and taking two steps toward Steve.
“Tony!” Steve’s brows furrowed, his voice indignant. “I would never joke about it. I love you and want to spend the rest of my life with y–”
“Nothing much. He just asked what is going on between the two of you.” Natasha handed him a towel, which he promptly placed against his face. In a few minutes his nose would return to normal.
“What?! No! God, Steve, no.” Tony shook his head so fast that felt a little dizzy. How would he explain to Steve everything that was happening? “It’s just… A bit frustrating.”
“Him?” Tony’s hands fell in each side of his body at the exactly same time, a chocked expression in his face and mouth slightly open.
“Or as normal as Tony Stark can be.” Steve shrugged and they both laugh. That was good, an innocent joke between the two of them, light. It was rare, but nice. Tony could get used to that.
Now who took a long time to answer was Stephan. Tony walked in circles inside his workshop, the StarkPhone in his hands. He could not focus on anything until he had Stephan’s answer. And even though he understood that the man probably needed some time to digest the invitation, he still wanted to send more messages, begging him to answer faster. Cross the cell phone screen, shout for Stephan to send the damn answer, so they could mark a date and–
He moved closer to his boyfriend, running his right arm around Tony’s waist and pulling the man closer to him, keeping both bodies together, feeling Stark’s arm over his, locking them in his embrace at most couples’ favorite position. Steve tilted his head, kissing Tony’s shoulder.
He couldn’t type. He wanted to answer Stephan’s message, he really did. But he just didn’t know how. Sure, he was still in love with Steve, he could not deny. But Steve was in love with someone else. Tony knew he had like zero chances with Captain America. And there was Stephan, an incredible man that he met through a site, the person with whom he talked every single day, maybe the only person that knew him better than Pepper and Rhodey, saying that he was in love with Tony.
He could still hear the man’s countless apologies as he walked away after a few seconds that Steve remained completely static and did not kiss back. In Steve’s defense, they were in the SHIELD meeting room after an extended debriefing about a really complicated mission that had almost seriously injured Steve. His mind was so focused on going to his apartment, taking a long, hot bath and lying in his comfortable bed that Steve had not managed to process the kiss quick enough.
Two weeks without being able to look at the man he considered his best friend. And for who he had been in love for so many months that he had honestly lost count.
Tony watched as Clint left his workshop with a tiny smile on his face. Then Tony rolled his eyes, getting up and practically laying on the floor to search for his screwdriver so he could keep on his work. It took about thirty seven seconds for Tony to finally find it, standing up again and sitting in the comfortable chair, ready to go back to his work, hoping not to be interrupted again.
At the end, even if Tony’s biggest wish was to be as close as possible from Steve, it always seemed that his attempts to approach just made the blond even more far from him. And he could not even blame him.
Steve stopped laughing, his serious expression still turned in Tony's direction. He had never discussed his favorite ice cream flavor with anyone.
Tony waited for the date the whole week. So, of course that Pepper had summoned him to an emergency meeting on Stark Industries at the very same day. He tried, really tried every way possible to get rid of the meeting, but it didn’t help, Pepper won. But he refused to reschedule the date with Stephan and let Pepper know that, if the meeting had to be extended, it would happen without him.
Tony couldn’t tell what had bothered him the most, if it was the calm and yet a bit provocative way that Steve’s words had sounded of if it was that little and so… Perfect smile. So he just rolled his eyes and looked at the coffee machine again.
“I know something is going on. I’ve been watching you guys. You hang out together, don’t fight, laugh together…”
“No.” He turned to Steve, who was still smiling. Why was he smiling? Didn’t he realize that the situation was terrible? “No, Steve. Just... No.”
Tony looked and the screen and sighed. Stephan. He could fell for Stephan. It would be way easier, that was for sure. Maybe with the exception that they didn’t meet in person, but this could be easily solved. Besides that, he knew he could be happier if he was in love with Stephan.
“The way you made me fall for you. Twice.” Tony finally said. He had to wait a couple seconds until Steve understood what he meant.
While he walked to his workshop, looking to the small screen of his mobile with dozens apps open all at the same time, Tony heard a loud noise repeating. He frowned, looking to each side. He was so used to the Tower’s design that he didn’t really paid attention in the path he walked. But he was pretty sure that the Training Room was two floors below. So why was he listening fight noises like he was next to the room?
Steve’s blue eyes searched the man’s face. Tony’s closed giant eyelashes. The well-trimmed goatee that seemed never to look good on anyone except Tony. His hair, slightly pillow messy. And then Steve smiled.
Steve waited for fifteen minutes. He just didn’t freaked out because Eddie was sending messages all the time, telling he would be a little late but he would be there as soon as possible. And then, after the fifteen minutes, Steve waited ten more. Every time someone opened the door he glared anxious, but nobody ever went his way.
In retrospect it was hard to believe that they had started with their left foot. At first they could barely stay in the same room for a long time. Nothing that some missions together and split the same tower for some good months would not fix.
He pulled Tony close to him because that was what he needed. This time without any hesitation or withdrawal. His lips met Tony's without any delicacy. Tony’s beard pinched a little, or tickled, Steve wasn’t sure. Maybe that's why he was laughing. Or maybe it was because he was finally kissing the man he had fallen in love with. Those were good reasons to be smiling to. And when the kiss was over and their faces separated, Steve saw that Tony was smiling too.
“Who wouldn’t, right?” Tony laugh, watching as Steve looked away once more, completely embarrassed. “I’m really happy about you guys.” And this time Tony really meant that.
Steve kissed him again. They would marry in the close future. And in thirty years they would still be together and happy because it just could not be different. If fate would allow it, he would spend the rest of his life with Tony. His future husband. The person he loved the most in that world – until they had Peter, then love would have to be divided. And everything would always end well.
. Besides the irony of Eddie telling him exactly like he told Tony, it meant that Eddie was in love with someone.
Tony just stared at the man, not quite sure what to expect. He couldn’t understand how Steve could be so... Perfect. So mature and innocent at the same time. As a good engineer, genius and curious, Tony always felt the urge to figure out what the hell was going through Steve's head. Because ever since they had actually become friends, Steve was always there, next to Tony. And Tony knew that, most of the time, his company was not exactly the best in the Avengers Tower.
‘Sometimes I think I have insomnia’ Steve received a message from Eddie and smiled. He always sent something in the strangest times. But Steve didn’t care, he was happy just to receive anything from the man.
“I have no reason to.” If Steve had not been busy letting go of the Widow's grip, he would have shrugged.
“I– I don’t–” He didn’t want to stutter because it was pathetic. But Tony was there right in front of him, talking more than Steve could absorb. How could he say anything coherent?
“Yes it is. Just slightly, but it is.” Tony narrowed his eyes, still close to Steve, almost making both noses to touch. “Crooked enough for me to notice.”
And since then they were together, dating. Tony made Steve’s every day something special. He felt a bit of an idiot for letting himself fall so deeply in love, losing all his defenses. But how could he be blamed if, by having Tony by his side, he discovered the true meaning of happiness? All he wanted was to be with Tony forever, and then a bit more.
“Sure. You’re a really busy person.” Steve smile before went back to his sandwich and give it another big bite.
Because he always seemed to be full of energy, of course. Tony also didn’t sleep a lot, he had many things to do and sleeping was a luxury that people like Bruce had, with the excuse of being always relaxed to avoid unwanted appearances of the "other guy". But Tony knew that, if he didn’t want to sound like a low budget zombie, he needed some – actually a lot of – coffee mugs.
He didn’t need another man for whom he would sigh in the corners, whom he would desperately try to impress and then fail miserably. Or someone for whom he would feed a feeling so strong that sometimes the pain that it provokes would become physical, especially because it was completely platonic. It was enough to feel all those things for Steve Rogers, he didn’t need to feel that for Stephan too.
‘You’re the most amazing person I’ve ever met, and I didn’t really meet you. Really, I’m alright. It’s just… Someone.’
“Aren’t you going to tell him?” She tilted her head slightly to the left, swerving perfectly from the punch Steve had thrown toward her, turning to grasp the man's arm.
Sometimes he caught himself imagining how Eddie should be. He had pictured him in many different ways: tall, short, fat, thin, blonde, brown, black, white, Asian... Everything that just made him thinks that his appearance didn’t matter at all. Sure, because he didn’t need a picture to make him feels everything he was feeling. Which would be the difference if Eddie was bald? None.
When Steve nullified the distance between their mouths, Tony became sure that he was melting. He could barely feel his legs, and he had the feeling that, if Steve wasn’t with his arms around Tony, keeping him firmly pressed against his body, Tony would’ve collapsed. Because that was the kiss Tony had dreamed for so long. And the best part was that it was real. Steve was really there, kissing him, letting him taste his lips. A really few number of things could improve that moment.
The man had barely noticed Natasha's presence. Maybe because the woman was really good at being sneaky. Or maybe it was because Steve was, in fact, in another world. He just could not focus on anything. He had no doubt that the woman had spoken the truth and that he was looking terrible.
Stark?” Steve laughed when Tony made an annoyed noise, not enjoying being so easily discovered. “I don’t know how we didn’t find out before.”
During the following days, Tony kept staring at the watch, waiting for the end of the day, so the others days could pass and the week come to an end. He drank thrice the coffee he was used to. He missed about five equations in a row until he gave up, deciding that he was going to continue his projects just when the only thing in his mind wasn’t Stephan.
Steve hadn’t fallen in love many times during his life. Sure, there was Peggy, the closest that he had even been. And maybe, in retrospect, he had had a little crush on Bucky. But them both were seventy years in the past. Now there was Eddie, the person on the other side of the screen, that he had no clue who he was, and even though made Steve fall in love with him. And, of course, was in love with somebody else. Because life was never easy.
“I know, Cap, it’s just a way of speaking” Tony waved his hand on Steve’s direction, eyes still on screen, a frown on his face. “JARVIS, delete this, I’ll redo it later. Steve, when are you introducing me your new girlfriend?”
“Aunt May!” Peter suddenly finds himself calling out when the frustration just gets too much and there’s nothing else he can think of. Of course, he hasn’t even told her he’s even considering going back to college. The whole reason he’s even doing this is because he got that interview with Stark to get to know the guy a bit better after finding out he’s his dad! Holy crap, how is this even his life?
At some point, she thought she could fly. Her body lifted from the ground, feeling like a little feather. Someone whispered to her, but it took her a little time to get what the words sounded like.
“People better not film this,” Tony mutters towards him as they walk onto the dance floor. A couple of people are already dancing. Steve once again spots Peter, only this time with Wanda.
“I’ll get’ya a new one,” Tony mumbles next to him. Peter shakes his head quickly, protesting immediately.
Meanwhile, back in the room of Otto Octavius, the arms start stirring. One of them, the top left one, leans towards the patient, tapping him gently on the shoulders. The patient stirs again, his head turning from the left to the right.
After that, Peter steps out of his father’s embrace and follows Yaël out of the hall. He’s aware people are looking at him in worry, afraid that he’ll collapse in any moment. But while his body might not completely feel like it, Peter’s pretty sure he can keep himself standing. Just one step at a time, Steve told him a few days ago. Keeping his eyes on the ground, he makes sure not to fall down on the ground.
“Never.” Yaël pushed herself away from the wall and turned towards the door. Useless, everything she had done to get here had been useless. What did she even expect to happen?
“It is; the Time stone is here. The sorcerer can use it. It’s quite simple actually,” the God of mischief states. Everybody turns towards Strange. Even Tony looks up with tears still in his eyes, holding Peter close to him. He’s probably only imagining him getting colder, right?
“Well, it’s a bit complicated and as you’re drunk, and you don’t even remember big parts and persons of your life when you’re sober, I think it’s smarter to wait until you remember a bit more before I explain this to you. Let’s just say that, when you arrived in New York, you didn’t really know which side you were on.”
“Listen, how about I’ll ask MJ and I’ll let you know, alright?” Peter suggests then. He’s sure MJ wouldn’t mind as they’re just going to feed the homeless, but he would rather just ask her instead of just bringing along a random girl she hasn’t ever really properly spoken to.
“Here, let me help you,” Tony says, kneeling down to pick up the papers and push them back inside. A few sentences catch his attention, though, but he decides not to spend too much attention to it. Especially after noticing how pale the boy had gotten while Tony took the papers in hands. Quickly enough, Tony offers it back, seeing how Peter actively seems to avoid making eye-contact with him. Why is he so nervous all of the sudden?
The only problem is that it takes literally eleven minutes for him to finish. And Steve would mention it again, but when he sees the happy look on Thor’s face, he changes his mind. Because the King looks so happy, so proud that he actually memorized it.
“MJ, hi!” Peter greets her the moment he’s opened the door. MJ turns around in surprise. Her dark eyes are open wide and her mouth is slightly dropped. When she sees Peter standing there, she gives him an awkward smile.
. His hands are thrown up, held there by Steve’s strong fingers. The super soldier is kissing his way down on Tony’s chest, paying most of his attention on the scar on his chest.
“He barely sleeps,” Steve admits, stopping the channel-surfing when he gets to the news. “He’s got nightmares and no matter how much we talk about them, they don’t stop.”
Tony Stark, for a long time, described that question with one simple answer: To suffer. There’s no point in life but to suffer. If you think about it, the concept of life, the concept of time… it all just doesn’t matter, does it?
It is not limited to Steve when it comes to the fear of Tony doing stupid things. All the Avengers are alert the entire time they’re with him, listening to what he’s doing and how he’s reacting to things. Whenever things seem to be going a little less okay, they react.
How could he? How could he use those codes just like that? It could be dangerous for them to fall in the wrong hands! And Peter just uses it so carelessly, not caring who might hear it. Steve already did. Who knows Ned hasn’t been listening in? Not that Tony doesn’t trust the kid, but come on!
It’s May now, and there’s only a few more weeks to go until the school year ends. The teachers are all droning on about the finals, and how they should prepare themselves in these last few lessons they’ll have. Peter tries not to think about it too much. Only barely has he managed to get his grades back up with all the extra credit work and the internship. He doesn’t want to think about the fact that everything might still have been for nothing because of him failing his tests.
“Before he’s gone, right?” Tony returns. He tries to pull out of Steve’s hold, but the man doesn’t let him.
Peter had the power to stop the guy, but out of anger towards everybody – including the cashier who didn’t want to help him buy his milk – he didn’t. And his Uncle ended up dead.
Peter takes a few seconds to take it in. It’s a vague description of what he’s read in his mother’s diaries, but he figures that it matches pretty much. He tries another taste from the hot chocolate, finding quickly that he enjoys the slight bitter taste.
“Why not? I thought it was going somewhere? Didn’t you guys go to prom together?” Tony wonders. When he gets deep enough in the closet, he pulls out an old Iron Man plushy he got from his Uncle when he was ten. Peter smiles when he sees it, taking it over from him.
“Fine, I’ll come,” he says. He returns to his bedroom to put on some jeans. His suit, he purposely leaves in the living room, in the bag. If they don’t see it, maybe they won’t be inclined to take it again. So Peter leaves the apartment following Natasha and Clint. They’re here on their motorcycles, and when Clint hands him a helmet, Peter takes it without complaining. He puts it on, takes place behind Clint on the vehicle, and then they’re off to Stark Tower.
Tony nods at her, watching her disappear into Peter’s room. Tony lets out a long breath and looks up at the ceiling.
He takes a cab to the hospital, and probably pays the driver too much. He doesn’t care, he just wants to get inside as quickly as he can. He hurries into the building, taking a turn to where he knows ICU is – he’s been there a few times when he came to see May at work – and then hopping into the elevator. There’s another doctor in there he only vaguely recognizes. It takes a short look at her badge to place her name.
“Then why didn’t my sister come with us?” Yaël felt like she knew the answers to all of her own questions, but she wanted him to tell it to her. She wanted to hear everything, so she was sure she wasn’t imagining stuff, even though he was just a part of her dream.
I want to add that surely it won't be as easy as I've described to get some blood samples, but for the sake of the story let's just imagine that it is ;-)
He goes to the tower, where he’s avoided by his sons the moment they get home. Natalee, apparently, is at a friend’s house. Tony doesn’t mind too much. He hides away in his workshop, gets informed about his ‘wife’ coming back home, gets news about dinner being put up. Gets the news about the kids heading to bed. Tony doesn’t pay too much attention to it – he barely hears it.
“I tried starting a revolution, but I didn’t have enough pamphlets, so I guess that’s why I didn’t succeed because nobody came...Do you maybe care to join me and help me make more pamphlets?”
Of course, after that, things easily went to shit. HYDRA, Bucky, Fury dying, Natasha and him going undercover. A lot happened, and when Steve come up in the hospital after being shot three times, he honestly felt as if an entire building had dropped o his head. To be fair, he had fallen from quite a height.
Happy takes a step aside when the nurse finally comes inside to check on his vitals. A quick control on the bag that collects his gastric fluids, she notes on a piece of paper how much has been taken in. Then she checks his temperature, heartrate and blood pressure. Satisfied with the results, she asks if he needs anything more (he shakes his head) and then wishes him good night.
They’re already waiting for him. The FBI must have warned them. The moment Tony enters the room, still in his Iron Man suit, everybody stops talking and turns to look at him, unimpressed. Only one man, Everett Ross, stands up with his hands behind his back.
Johnny said this before once or twice. Peter wonders about it, but figures he’s just too drunk to really remember it. Surely, it’s not that important, right? They wander into the building, the loud music hitting them almost literally in the face when a dancing couple nearly smashes against them in their enthusiasm. The two girls are barely dressed, their hands caressing each other’s skin like they’re more than ready to start having sex on the spot. Peter clears his throat and Johnny and he hurry up towards the bar.
Aunt May just looks at him sadly. Then she holds out her arms and pulls him into a hug. Her hand comes to the back of his head, and Peter’s cheek rests on her shoulder. In front of Agent Carter’s video about Steve, they stand there in a strong embrace.
“Count us in!” Shuri calls out. Then she runs up right under Peter and holds out her hand. “Come on, show-off. Let’s fill our stomachs!”
“Okay, why was it a secret station?” Tony asks, already pulling up his phone to look it up himself. Just as FRIDAY is explaining, the website opens up.
“Good evening, Peter,” a voice suddenly says. Peter jumps up, not at all having noticed that somebody was already sitting on the second couch. It’s the same one as the first but a bit smaller, meant for two people instead of three.
After a little chitchat with the couple, Yaël left and walked back home. While walking, she kept staring at her phone. Calling him wouldn’t hurt her, right? She searched his number through the extremely small list on her phone, being:
And Steve smiles slightly with his eyes closed, one of his hands going up to Tony’s hair to pass his fingers through it. Tony likes that, after all.
“Actually, uh, your chauffeur came to get me? I was about to drive, myself, but then he was suddenly in front of my house,” she says with a shrug. Peter frowns for a moment wondering who his chauffeur could possibly be.
Steve’s mouth falls open from the sudden brain-vomit that came out of Tony. Before he can respond to it, Tony shuffles forward a bit, squeezing Steve’s hands. He presses their foreheads together as their eyes stare into each other.
“Like I’d really want Deadpool as my friend,” Peter answers after a long thought, but he realizes that she’s actually right. The best thing he might be able to do is to just talk to these new people. He’s got Wanda already on his side, but now there’s this Yaël girl whose life seems even more fucked up than his own, and, sadly enough, Wade. Of course, the more Peter is able to avoid Wade, the better he’ll be from it.
Anyway, I wish you all happy holidays! If you're from around my time-zone, a good night! I'm about ready to head to bed and get all the sick out of me, because I'm tired of coughing my brains out!
There’s much more; Iron Man Gauntlets, weapons for War Machine, armor for Cap. Peter has to admit that he finds himself impressed. On the other hand, he shouldn’t be too surprised, since this is Tony Stark they’re talking about.
“He did?” Storm asks with genuine surprise in his voice. That moment, Tony takes his place next to Peter, quickly coming to realize that he’s being looked at. “Tony, my man, I’m insulted!”
Wait, that’s FRIDAY, isn’t it? Tony opens his eyes, suddenly sitting up in bed. He’s aware that he’s startling both Clint and Natasha who hadn’t even noticed he’s awake.
Peter’s speechless. Unable to come up with any good answer, he balls his hands into fists and looks down to his feet.
“Yeah, Steve’s O positive, meaning that he could donate!” Peter adds happily. “It was crazy, he just arrived here and you just- you passed out and it was-! I mean, we were panicking at first because we got a call in the middle of the night about you being in coma, but suddenly we heard Steve yell from over the line that he was a willing donor and stuff!”
Peter asked her to hang out. Now, all of a sudden, he asked her to hang out. Yaël scratched her nose. What should she reply to that? Probably yes, because this actually meant that he did think about her.
“Thank you for letting me borrow this, honey,” he says, loud enough for everybody to hear. Then he quickly pecks Steve on the cheek before taking his place on the seat he’d been sitting on before.
Inevitable, but because I wasn't intending on making a sequel at first, I had this one all planned out. Let's say this one is the beginning of Peter's feelings for MJ, and that the sequel will build upon this when it comes to the matter of the two together.
“Hello, welcome to Oscorp. How can I help you?” the woman asks, sounding a bit too cheerful for someone who has just been evacuated from her work building because of a maniac and a bunch of superheroes on the roof.
“Is there a new plan to kill the bastard?” he asks with a low, menacing voice that even surprises Tony. Steve, turning into a blood cold killer? Thanos
Peter looks up from the water heater, head turning towards the door immediately. "Sure," he says, already pulling out a second mug from the cupboard. "Let him in the moment he's here."
Yeah, well, she asked herself that too. Why had she been standing there like that? "My thoughts drifted away..."
“Is there something you need, or…?” Tony asks. He’s extremely aware of Steve coming to stand behind him, looking over his shoulders to find out what he’s working on.
It’s right when he sits down in his seat that he realizes; he never asked Cap for that favor of Peter’s about getting him to meet May.
thought about it in the past. Getting married, have kids, a house whatever else. But… sweetie, I’m almost fifty. You’re… you’re basically thirty-two if you ignore the ice-time.”
Well, of course a sister wouldn’t sleep with her own brother, but she was glad that misery got cleared out.
“T-thanks,” she said. This wasn’t what she’d thought would happen if she’d use her powers in front of clients.
“I know.” Tony raises his head, getting his mouth close to Steve’s. He doesn’t kiss him, though. “But you would have loved me anyway, no?” he asks.
“FRI, lock up the tower. Nothing gets in or out until I say so,” Tony mutters out. He starts walking forward, where to, Peter doesn’t know. He doesn’t get far, since Steve grabs his hand, and stops him in his step.
“Are you really surprised about that?” he asks. Tony sighs before turning around to look back at Peter. When the man puts his hands on Peter’s shoulder, he gives him a long stare.
“The Starkbucks coffee machine, the remote controlled windowfilters and the soundless MRI-system, yes. All of which haven’t been the easiest to make, might I remind you,” Tony interjects.
“T’Challa planned for this. I didn’t know you were here. Wakanda, of all places?” He shakes his head, lets out a shaky breath, and then he turns around on the spot. He only manages to make two steps before he’s stopped again. Steve’s strong hand is on his arm, his skin burning Tony where they’re touching.
“More disastrous than they are right now?!” Barnes shouts out angrily. Then he points towards Tony and Peter. “Look at this! Look at what is happening outside! How can things get worse?! We’ve lost too many people already!”
Then the King claps his hands together to get everybody’s attention. A few members of the UN whisper something in his ear as they stand next to him. The King nods and turns to everybody.
The Tony from this time was still hopelessly in love with this woman at this point. He’d been trying to sleep it off with other women, but that never helped him. Instead, Tony got drunker, up to a point where alcohol didn’t seem to be doing the trick anymore.
Tony growls, running up to Strange and pushing him against the wall with all the force he can manage. Strange doesn’t seem bothered at all.
“You’re kind of a doofus, aren’t you?” she says then, laughing. Peter wants to say something in return, but she stops him. “Keep it up, it’s kinda cute.”
Yaël sometimes missed someone like that, or someone like a big brother, like when she had troubles with the drains, or when she didn’t know what to read or what to play on her cello. Yeah, it must be great to have someone to fall back to.
they’re going to bed together. It might also be that Tony kicks Steve out, or Steve will just sleep on Bruce’s floor to cool off. Or he’ll be training the anger off.
“Venom has MJ,” Peter explains through his crying. Doing this inside the mask is never a good idea. Automatically he goes to his eyes to wipe the tears away, only to realize that he can’t. “He’s got her bound in the air, but I’m not sure if I’m going to walk into a trap. He’s probably possessed her to make sure I wouldn’t fight back.”
That, though, that hurt a bit. Especially when Mary moves forward to hold on to his face, attempting to pull away the supposed make-up he’s wearing according to her. When she finds nothing but skin she startles, pulling her hand back.
Steve takes Peter over from him in such a gentle way, one would think he just doesn’t want to wake him. Making sure that his head doesn’t just hang there lifelessly, he makes sure that it’s resting against his shoulder as he stands up. Tony lets the suit surround him again, but it’s not much use anymore. He takes Steve’s shield, too, after he asks for it.
“Awesome!” Then she grabs his hand and pulls a pen, scribbling down words on his skin. With eyes focused on what she’s writing, Peter feels a whole sense of
So instead he waves at another cab driving by, gets ignored because apparently somebody else was first, and then he tries again, succeeding this time around. He quickly offers his address and then he’s finally on his way back home. When he checks his watch he sees that it’s already six in the afternoon, meaning that the time has flown again.
That’s Clint. Peter would recognize his voice everywhere. The first person who spoke was May, who is probably holding his hand. The moment Peter’s vision clears, he looks down, seeing that he’s in fact right about that.
“’Mornin’,” Yaël mutters while getting herself to her coffee machine. Peter gives the purple-haired girl a long look, raising his eyebrow at her while she grabs a mug from the counter.
“You’re in charge today,” he instructs him. “I’ve been Captain America for the past three days, almost non-stop. I just… take the control from me, just for a little while.”
“Yeah, uh, genius you say,” Peter mutters, putting his phone away again after Ned hands it back. “The only reason I’ve pulled up my grades enough to
“You can head out if you want! I’m sure you guys would like to go to that Food Truck Festival not far from here,” Yann says, crossing his arms while leaning against the wall with a light smirk on his face. Looking behind him, Peter can catch Timothy staring at his partner with an obvious longing look. It’s clear which two members of this group is going to disappear again for twenty minutes or so.
. Steve stayed by that sentiment as he went on his day. He went to the Smithsonian, went to visit Peggy a visit, and eventually headed back to his apartment where he even, despite everything, thought about asking the nurse across the hall – he didn’t even know her damn name – if she wanted to grab some coffee… What had become of him?
And Tony had been surprised, because apparently the Aunt knew as well. So Tony explained to her that he already knows about it, and they got to discuss at how they would tell Peter. Of course, by the time Tony left the room to get to the bathroom, no real plan had been put together and everything had just gone as an improvisation.
The three of them walk out of the apartment in a good silence. Once outside, Steve takes his motorcycle – Peter remembers driving along with him a while back – and nods towards the two others.
“Spidey!” Wanda shouts in search for him. When Peter turns his head, he catches a glimpse of the guy.
Tony says, suddenly looking to the side and holding up a hand as if he’s gesturing something to somebody. Peter frowns a bit.
“WHAT?!” Steve suddenly shouts, turning towards the middle of everything. They’re not too far away, seeing the cause of all the destruction standing there proudly, swinging fists around like it’s just a walk in the park. With every swing, about five of Wakanda’s warriors go flying.
the kindest man on Earth. He’s an Angel, hidden in a human body. He would give up his own life if it would save another. He would constantly offer his help, even though he knows nothing on the subject.
“And what do you think about Steve?” Peter already knew those two were kind of together, right? He looked at her doubtfully, probably asking himself the same question about her.
Steve’s props seem to be portraying a lane of some sort. There are street lights, pots of flowers, and fake trees. The background is trying to represent the city, with the lights and the buildings. Meanwhile, Steve is wearing a simple tuxedo, with a bow tie around his neck and a flower in his left hand. He’s smelling it.
As if he couldn’t have timed it better, Harry makes his presence known by knocking on the door. Tony puts down the tablet and cup, and then turns around.
“She wouldn’t,” Tony muttered. “She doesn’t like Iron Man. Doesn’t like being the woman at home, fearing for the love of her life to return home.” Tony then started scratching his hair, eyes finally meeting Steve’s.
“Huh, looks pretty alive to me…” Wolverine mutters, already moving to jump out of the window as well.
“I’ve got your back!” she yelled at Loki above the noise of ice scraping into metal breastplates. Loki nodded, not losing sight of the enemy’s army surrounding them.
“Uh, where are you taking us?” Peter asks. He gets no answer. He hurries after Bruce until he’s walking right next to him, and then they come in a open room with a large window. There are a few seats there, and Strange takes place on one of them. Wong just comes to stand at the window, looking outside.
What’s going on? Peter slowly opens the door, seeing only a few students in there, looking bored out of their mind. In the front, there’s the detention-keeper, deep in discussion with somebody Peter doesn’t really know. The third member of said discussion is Mrs. Cooper, who doesn’t seem happy about being here after her working hours.
Natasha then lets out a soft laugh, and she gently puts a hand on his shoulder in comfort. She squeezes him with all the tenderness he never really saw in her, and suddenly understands why Cap calls her a good friend.
“I’m heading back inside. My break’s over, after all,” she responds. Before she starts walking, Peter jumps back up and grabs her hand to stop her.
“Not like that! But I have like weird memory-dreams where I discover stuff about my past. I don’t really know how it works. How are you and Tony by the way?” Steve blinked a few times, he must be exhausted. How late was it anyways?  He was still waiting for the conversation to end before taking off with his motorcycle. Otherwise the vehicle would make too much noise for them to hear each other. Good guy Steve.
“No, I’ll see her tomorrow. She doesn’t work on Sunday’s,” Tony counters that idea. Besides, he really doesn’t feel like talking about himself right now. He lets out another sigh, closing his eyes again for a few short seconds.
Felicia shrugs as she starts walking. Peter hurries after her, going the opposite direction of where he’d been intending to go.
Everybody nods in understanding. After all, Thor is a king. They couldn’t expect the guy to just drop everything and come and pick up his friends. It’s still weird, in a way, to have two king-friends now.
? He can do things Spider-Man can’t. So on a certain day in May, a day where the sun is shining and the temperature is good enough to not have to wear a coat, they call up the press conference. Peter is nervous the entire time he has to wait. He’s behind the stage; people can’t see him there. Tony’s team has prepared him for this, styled his hair and dressed him up. They made him pretty much unrecognizable from the college student Peter Parker he’s created in the past month.
“Oh, hi, do you remember anything about a fight here this morning?” Peter asks, pointing back to the place where the fight had been going before he blacked out. The girl looks at him in confusion.
And they talk for a bit. Bucky about being with Natasha, about how his head seems to be doing much better thanks to Shuri’s therapy. Sam, meanwhile, stays awfully quiet about any sort of love-life he’s having. Instead he talks about last night’s game, and his upcoming plans on maybe going to play baseball with the team as some sort of bonding exercise.
After having chosen his outfit, he hurries to the bathroom to start up the shower. He’s not particularly sweaty or anything, but he would like being a bit fresh for the occasion. Besides, his hair is a real mess after MJ spent the evening making small braids into them and Peter spent the whole morning undoing them.
“How did you even know we needed a cab?” Yaël asked, it reminded her of that one time Wade texted her an answer to a question she hadn’t even asked yet.
The people around him turn to look at him, some of them confused as to why the school-nerd would be looking so pissed-off right now. But Peter glares at the girl who just had no trouble insulting his father. Oh, how he wishes he could tell her off, explain to her that she’s wrong and that Mr. Stark
“I’ve been out for nine days, Peter. Diego even fired me.” Her boss simply texted to tell her she wasn’t welcome anymore and Yaël read that a few days later, when she finally woke up again.
“Luckily, no, but we both know that’s how he dealt with his problems in the past now, don’t we?” Pepper returns. Peter clears his throat and looks down at the floor. He figures she might have a point in giving him a talking to. As long as nobody tells May about this, he figures he can deal with Pepper’s speech.
“Oh god!” she grunted. “I hope he doesn’t think I’m going to stay with the freaking Asgardians for the rest of my life. And I can assure you, I live a long life!”
“Well, don’t we all want that one thing we know we can’t have?” They were walking through the halls to see what damage was caused where, just so Charles would be able to give clear orders once he unfroze time.
Tony smiles, reaching out towards his son to put his hand behind the kid’s head again. Then he nods and leans forward to kiss Peter on the forehead.
“Of Adaro, I see,” he said while wandering around, looking for the right buttons to open the cells. “You know, I was already wondering why there was a trail of frozen guards this way-”
Of course, that would be the case if Rhodey’s leg-prosthesis didn’t decide to spark out at the last point. Hurrying back towards the lab to fix the problem, they’re already finding themselves two men short despite Happy and Pepper arriving earlier to help out as well.
Peter is still breathing heavily, chest heaving up and down with dried tears still sticking on his cheeks. His hands are clutching on Mr. Stark’s, as if afraid to let them go. Shame hits him immediately, making him want to puke on the spot.
“You’ll see,” she says mysteriously. She pulls him along, making them walk for almost thirty minutes until they get to some sort of café. There she unhooks her arm from Peter’s and opens the door for him. “Get in.”
“Not right now, at least,” Tony mutters. Peter, who is fully dressed and seemingly extremely awake, makes a disgusted face, looking like he already regrets knocking on the door.
Peter smirks at the memory of the flustered scientist. He still can’t really imagine this shy man could ever turn into such a big green rage monster. It fascinates him, especially after the Hulk has shown to be quite fond of Spider-man as well, always there to protect him if needed.
“Sure,” Peter says, not really believing the tough-girl act she’s trying out here. “So you know him, or…?”
Sharon takes the tablet from him as she pulls up video files of some of the rescues Yael has done in the past. There’s not a lot, and she’s never recognizable due to the outfit.
“There’s that old guy in the restaurant, with his moustache!” Wade says pointlessly. Peter doesn’t bother to explain that he didn’t need an answer to that question.
“Oh, what’s wrong, dear søster?” Nilla sounded even more crazy than before. Her wide grin didn’t help. But Yaël kept her arms crossed and leaned against the wall behind her.
“You don’t know that,” Vision counters, strangely defensively. “Peter’s not like that, he wouldn’t want any harm done to anybody.”
Peter blinks a few times when he walks inside. All of the sudden, there are a whole lot more people walking around here. It’s as if there’s a sudden raise in staff, though Peter recognizes most of them as the scientists that have been busy helping out Harry. They disappeared pretty much after the last incident, but somehow, they’ve returned. A chill passes through Peter, but it’s not a warning for danger. It’s more excitement.
It’s then that Tony realizes just how muscular his son is. In his mind, Peter always seems like this frail, little boy that he needs to protect at all costs. Seeing him here, he realizes that Peter’s not that helpless at all.
The two don’t speak again after that. They listen to the radio where they hear another story about the explosion in Midland Circle. Tony hasn’t heard from Sharon on that part, so he doesn’t really know what happened out there other than the
“Peter, I told you to get out of here,” the Captain says sternly before looking back at Tony. “And you, what did you do?!”
“I shouldn’t,” he mumbled as he looked back up. His blue eyes crossed hers. They looked familiar somehow. He sat down on the chair behind the monitor and with a blink of an eye, he suddenly was reading a book.
“Isn’t it a five-hour flight from here to there?” Peter asks. Tony just snorts before passing his hand back through Peter’s hair.
“Yes, I do,” he returns, remembering it indeed. It’s a real fond memory, he finds. They’d been going to a restaurant, and after that they had taken a walk. When they came across the arcade, Tony pulled him inside and challenged him with a couple of games. “Why?”
“Lagos was one of the many reasons the United Nations have decided to come together for this. After all, Lagos happened only a few days ago, in which time these accords could not have been written.”
On the door he suddenly finds another note from his Aunt, with behind it another reminder from his school to check out the different internships. They’ve been urging him on to try and find something after messing up his pas semester. As they’ve told him, it’s not too late to bring up his grades again if he would just get his points up by applying for an internship for the rest of the school year.
“But… you spend so much time there! I hardly get to see you anymore! Are you sure you’re not overworking too much? I know you get payed, but I don’t really think you need the burn-out from working that hard, Peter!”
“It was Nilla, she opened the gas in my apartment. If you hadn’t set it on fire, she would’ve.” Yaël gritted her teeth as every move Wade made, her body itched and stung.
Peter shakes his head. And so, Pepper starts explaining. And Peter listens, taking in every word. And after the call ends he starts working on it immediately.
“Means you did a good job, right?” Peter suggests, and Dr. Cho just hums. Once she finishes with the last stitches, she moves up to throw everything away before cleaning her hands again, turning her chair back towards Peter.
He asks himself. He squeezes his eyes, confused when he feels something strange happening in his head. It’s like… there’s so much information in there. And a presence, like he’s not alone. Shit, did he drink again before he passed out? What even happened?
“Quit whining.” Steve’s scolding was followed by a groan of complaint from Tony. “It is good that you’re a present figure at your company.”
Even though Tony had not moved a single inch, Steve had simply stopped. His blue eyes had closed, as if he was debating something internally. And then Steve simply let go of Tony's hand and pulled back, leaning back against the uncomfortable chair. All Tony could do was face the man in front of him, waiting for any reaction.
– by the way both names were already being used. But he could use any name, nobody needed to know who he was. Because of this he registered under the name of
“It was nothing.” Tony shrugged. It was true, he had absolutely no work. “I can give you a new one. Honestly.”
In silence, Steve observed Tony get up and walk off the room, leaving him alone once more. Taking a deep breath, Steve took his cell phone and sent another message to Eddie. Now he also had to deal with Tony Stark not accepting that Steve Rogers liked man as well.
He shook Steve’s hand away and left the training room. His feet didn’t take him back to the workshop, as he imagined would happen. He kept repeating to himself that Steve was in love, and how that was probably killing any hope he could have of… Anything. When Tony realized, he was closing his bedroom door, sighing deeply. He was not well, and definitely he was not happy.
The sensation of liking so much a person he barely knew was as new as strange for Steve. But every new day when both of them exchanged messages, complained about routine, told which one jokes and confessions, Steve got surer about how real was that thing he was feeling for Eddie. And that was the hardest part. Nobody had taught him about virtual relationships. Obvious, who would imagine Captain America engaging with someone virtually?
When the light in the coffee machine turned green, showing that the coffee was ready, Tony felt so much joy that he actually thought he could cry – what would be really ugly. So he just uncoupled the jar and got his mug, ready to take both to his workshop and start a really great day.
“I know that you love me.” Even as Tony's voice was harsh and sleepy, Steve could still hear a note of affection. “I love you too and
With Steve tucked safely behind him, and his strong arms wrapped around his chest, protectively, Tony has never felt safer.
Tony gives him a fake-shocked look, putting his hands against his cheeks. “No way! What if I have to go to the toilet?”
“Thank you all for coming,” Otto finally stands, clasping his hands together, looking a bit nervous while he speaks. “Today you will witness the birth of a new fusion-based energy source.”
FRIDAY offers. Peter rolls his eyes, hurrying back to the kitchen to grab a few more glasses. And a new one for Rhodey, who is still waiting for his drink.
Tony holds in a sigh while he waits for Peter to emerge from his room. He figures the kid won’t be staying here after that awful fight from yesterday. Sure, they talked a bit after it, but Tony doesn’t think that little conversation changed anything.
Once he’s back in the penthouse, he gets himself in his bedroom. While he’s in his own home right now, he’d rather not keep walking around in this surgical apron. Throwing it on the ground, he gets to his closet and takes out some easy clothes that will not end up too tight around his wounded leg.
Steve runs towards where Tony is seated. He passes his hand through Peter’s hair affectionately, gently kissing the top of his head, before taking Tony’s hand into his own and kneeling down, handing him the flower.
When he’s heading home at last – after getting a very clear message from his Dad telling him that he needs to be back before ten – Miles is at the verge of putting on his headphones when he hears it. Just a rustle, a grunt, he doesn’t really know. It’s a vague sound that makes him realize somebody’s hurt somewhere close. Miles puts his headphones around his neck and carefully makes his way to the alleyway. He realizes this might be the biggest mistake in his life, but he can’t just walk by without helping. He’s been doing that enough in the past already.
There he was, Peter Parker, vividly dancing to Rihanna’s Umbrella, and boy, did he have some moves. It took Yaël a little while of staring before she actually felt the anger boil, which’ sudden, fierce appearance was caused by the alcohol. She was going to give him a rant, a hard time! Oh, she’d make him feel!
Thank you all for the sweet comments. You're all a bunch of sweethearts! Here you go, the next chapter. This one came out of my fingers quickly, though the next one was HELL to write. Filler chapters, am I right? :')
I know nothing about engineering. My knowlegde mostly just goes to music and hospitals, and what I know about technology is limited to how not to break my computer. That said, I did all the research I could on Arc Reactor technology, and I didn't understand a single thing of whatever speculation was put online about it - since it literally DOESN'T exist, I didn't have much to go on. So I'm keeping the engineering scenes conciously vague on this matter.
“Wha, uh, so does Stark and he helped earlier!” Scott counters to that. Tony raises an eyebrow at him.
“Demi, I think,” Peter mutters. Petra smiles and reaches out her hand to put on his, giving him a reassuring squeeze in the fingers.
“Relax a bit, dear,” Steve asks of him. Tony pushes his arm off, putting his hands in his hair and looking at the workshop in despair.
“Mr. Stark,” Ross says, pulling his hand away immediately. “This is all good and well, but in the end I’m still missing my prisoner. Your charge screwed it up, so it’s up to you to fix this.”
He jumped out of the spaceship and yelled at Hela while he was shooting at more zombies. What the heck was he planning on doing against Hela with just two machine guns? Thor had struck that woman with lightning and Yaël had pulled out a few tricks too that would usually kill someone but as Hela was Hela, she somehow managed to keep on fighting. So, no, a few gunshots wasn’t really going to get her down. But…it was an excellent distraction, Yaël thought as she managed to pierce a few zombies with a move, inspired from Hela’s spears.
“Because I know my brother,” she says. The secret is that she only just received a text from him, saying ‘be there in ten’. Reed doesn’t need to know that, of course. The fact that they got the eighteen-year-old to agree to be here at all is enough of a wonder as it is. Sue sighs a bit, wondering what could possibly be
“No, technically we’re not here. We’ll leave again in a few hours with king T’Challa, who was here on ‘business’,” Natasha explains, punctuating the ‘business’ part to make clear that it’s not true.
“The door is open, come on in,” he calls out. Barely any second later the door opens and Harry enters the room with no explanation at all. Peter looks at his friend, seeing him appear a bit… agitated? Is that possible?
“It’s alright if you’re not sure right away! It’s a whole lot of information and I’m sure your head is going in overdrive.”
Images flash in front of Tony; countless dead bodies. Blood. Slaughtered people with limbs thrown all over the place. Peter’s lifeless body falling down on the ground…
“SON OF A BITCH!” Peter suddenly shouts out while he jumps up from the sudden realization. Holy Crap, no way, no freaking way! “You’re not my dad!”
“Don’t you dare!” Yaël softly hissed at Peter. His eyebrow cocked in response. “Good luck!” she said as she turned back to Jason and then started pushing Peter towards the exit.
“We’re at the compound,” Tony explains. “Dr. Cho is checking if you’ve been poisoned, perhaps. Do you remember anything?”
“Yeah, I knew your mom very well when she was still a Valkyrie. You look a lot like her!” Yaël didn’t really know what to say, and stared at Hilde instead. “Oh, shit, did the alcohol break you? Should I go get a nurse?” Hilde jumped up. “You know, as you are Helvegian, I thought you’d be able to handle something strong, but-“
Much to everybody’s surprise, Jane stands back up the hammer raised in her hand. She looks at it in shock, with her mouth fallen open and her free hand on her stomach.
When he opens his eyes, he realizes he’s not in his bedroom. The daylight infiltrates into the room in bright stripes, enough to illuminate the space for Peter to get a good look at it. He’s seen this room before, but only shortly. Somehow, he’s finding himself in Yaël’s house.
“What is it you need my input for?” Steve then asks. One hand rests under his head, but the other leans forward and slowly strokes Tony’s side. Luckily, Tony isn’t ticklish or he would have been laughing the entire time.
somewhere. Of course he knew beforehand that Mr. Stark is nog an easy person at all, but Peter hadn’t expected the mental illness on top of it. Peter knows how hard it is for Mr. Stark; he’s still recovering from it, too.
the voice of FRIDAY suddenly calls out, and in his surprise Peter drops the gauntlet back on the ground and almost jumps off his seat. Oh, right, it’s the AI that always helps Mr. Stark around.
To say that Peter had been panicking the entire time his body had lain on the ground as if it were dead is an understatement, and to this day Peter still doesn’t understand how the guy had been swinging along with him back then.
“No,” Yaël hissed. Nilla let go of Yaël, which made her head smack against the concrete again. She saw black spots in front of her eyes, but kept focusing on not going unconscious. Nilla backed away with an evil grin on her face.
“What black goo?” he asks. Peter turns back to see inside the crater, finding that it’s indeed missing. Where it had been lying before, now lies only debris and destroyed floor. That’s… weird?
’. Happy had complied, not seeing that Peter actually went inside the building instead of getting another ride.
“You said Spider-Man was under control,” somebody else says. Tony doesn’t know the man; once in the past they might have been introduced, but now Tony can’t for the life of him remember his name. It’s not like he cares about it, anyway.
“When I went in for my scholarship, the guy offered me to run an internship at his company as well, but I just don’t know if I should do it or not.”
“Fine, whatever. I’ll introduce Peter another time, then,” he mutters, taking the tablet again and diving back into work. Steve keeps on standing there, looking a bit lost for words right now. Peter can relate to that, not really knowing what else to say here.
That’s how long Peter has been here now, working at Stark Industries as an intern. Supposedly, as one of the few that is honored with the chance to work alongside Mister Tony Stark himself, which is a big deal, as it turns out.
Mary makes a soft sound when she finds what they’re looking for. Pulling out the blood samples, she checks them over. They’re in vials with a red cap on it. After reading through the details written upon it she closes the fridge and puts the holder of the vials down on the table.
“I’m going to have to pull out all the stops, then,” Tony teased back. Steve lets out a small chuckle, squeezing Tony’s hand and pulling it up to press a quick kiss against his knuckles.
Somehow, it looked welcoming to Yaël, with the curtains, the old, wooden door and the shutters. The girl kept staring at the little house, because she knew what was coming. And yes, after a few second, she saw him walking around behind the window next to the door. He was too far away to show any features, but somehow, Yaël knew it was a man. She wasn’t able to walk to the house to sneak in and check what he looked like, because she was stuck in some sort of glass cage, like always in this weird dream.
“Ah, right… uh, I’m not sure, I think Thor had something to do with it? We haven’t really seen him since then so it’s kind of unclear.”
“Look,” she started talking, wanting to clean this mess up. They shouldn’t be fighting about her. “I’ll move out as soon as I have enough money, don’t worry. And until that moment, I’ll help out wherever you need me to. I’m not here to take advantage of you. Just don’t let me do anything technical, I’m not as smart as you or your son.” Tony looked a bit startled, but that emotion went off his face again very quickly. He just stared at her, like he was thinking of an answer. But yet, he just nodded and turned back to Steve after a few seconds.
“Eh, for all we know he could be terrible with children,” he says with a shrug. Now that’s something Tony can’t really imagine.
“You…are drunk,” Wade grinned while pointing at Jeremy. He then pointed at Yaël “And you…are a genius! Come on, we’re going home.”
"Actually, dad, Polaroid pictures are back in. It's retro and stuff," Peter returns, remembering seeing MJ walking around with one as she started taking picutres of random miserable-looking students.
“You’ll need to sign here. Seeing as you’ll only start college after you’ll graduate next year, the scholarship isn’t
Someone gave her a hand as she tried to climb out of the window. People were gathering, taking pictures.
Anyway, here we go. Timetravel is the weirdest concept to write about, given the fact that it's practically impossible and too many theories have already been made of it. I've chosen to ignore most of it, instead using mostly the technology Deadpool 2 has given us.
“I’ll get them in Peter’s bed. I’m sure he won’t mind,” he says. Hilde then rolls up her sleeves and walks towards Clint instead.
That kind of makes sense, though Peter would hate it if they’d do that to him. Maybe he should better hold off with officially joining them?
Then he hurries out, running around the car to get to the other door. Trying to be a true gentleman, he bows forward before opening the door, holding out his hand to hand it to Steve, who rolls his eyes but can’t seem to help himself from grinning.
“When I’m gone, the other Tony is probably going to be here. Or, I don’t know how it works… Just… remember what I asked you, okay?” Tony reminds him. Steve nods, pulling his hands back and putting one behind Tony’s head. Then he pulls him closer, kissing him straight on the mouth.
“I got bit by a radioactive spider back at Oscorp,” Peter repeats. Bruce nods, though it’s clear he’s still not completely following.
And after that, it’s obvious who won. Chrissy hands the belt towards Peter, and the kid takes it with the biggest grin he can put up. He then holds up the belt above his head.
So every time someone tried flirting with her while she was sober, she’d just get away from that situation. She wanted nothing to do with love, as it was sickening and stressful. So Yaël never understood why people actually wanted to intoxicate each other like that, but it seemed to make them happy. Steve, for instance, was enduring a lot of pain caused by love, but he also made him happy somehow, so Yaël was supportive about it. That didn’t mean she’d ever be getting in a relationship herself.
“Peter, are you alright?!” somebody – is that Steve? – asks. Peter coughs a bit more, squeezing his eyes shut before nodding. Then he tries again to break loose, feeling the arms around him loosen and then he’s out, falling forward until he hits the ground again. Immediately, he tries to stand up again stumbling a little bit more.
Besides, Peter doesn’t want to talk about himself. He’s done that enough, he’s tired of it. It’s rather nice to listen to Harry, for one.
have had children, it’s rather late for us to start with it,” Rhodey points out. Tony gives him a short glance while pulling on the box.
“Hey, what is that?” Yaël suddenly asks, making everybody look up in surprise. Outside, they can see something… shining? It’s like a star, but a
When he hears somebody clears his throat further away, he is quick in putting it back, cheeks reddened.
“I’m here!” Johnny shouts mid-run. He’s out of breath, his blonde hair wild and his eyes searching for an empty seat. Finding a chair next to Ben, he hurries into it, giving Ben a playful grin before winking at Mr. Ross.
“Let’s not fool anybody here, Peter. I know who you are. I’ve seen your blood before, and I recognized it immediately when I saw it again,” she says calmly. Peter bites on his lower lip, wondering if he should run away from this room. “I needed to do some more testing for the blood transfusion we had to give you during surgery. That, and the anesthesia wore off too fast. That was indication enough that you weren’t exactly
Outside, he’s awaited by one of Mr. Toomes’ buddies. The man with the shocking device. Or, it’s a different man than the one Peter saw that first time. What happened to him? Peter is thrown around a bit more, but eventually Ned comes to his rescue by using the web-shooters that fell off Peter’s old suit.
Wrapping his arms around him, Peter slowly sees his vision become darker around him. In front of him, he can see the dark tower again. Gwen’s scared blue eyes staring at him, hoping that he will catch her as she reaches out her hands towards him. She doesn’t scream – she never did, she’s always been extremely calm even in the most stressful situations.
“Great, yes, do that!” Yaël threw her arms in the air. What would happen? Would he keep her locked up in the basement for a few hours? That man was probably very busy with that freaking fight in Germany. “Look, FRIDAY, honey, I just want to go.”
“It, uh. I had a small fracture. We noticed it a bit late, so it wasn’t immediately put into a cast. Mostly, I’ve gotten this brace I don’t particularly like wearing since it keeps me from working,” Tony admits. He takes the wrist brace out of his case and shows it to T’Challa.
Somehow, she got in this way too crowed and noisy living room. Who even lived here? Wait, how long ago did she get out of that cab? Someone offered her a drink, she willingly accepted it. Why was she here again?
Yaël didn’t feel like she knew Wanda already good enough to spill her problems to her, so she wasn’t going to call her either.
“That’s a low blow,” she mutters. “But I guess you’re right…” Felicia taps her ear then. “Comm link, join me. I need to keep contact if you want me to keep MJ away.”
“Oh God,” Peter groaned. At that moment, Yaël suddenly realized she was completely naked. She sneakily looked aside and saw Peter neurotically covering his body with the blanket.
Natasha leads him through the hallway. She nods thankfully to the family that resides here, who have given her the permission to meet up at their house. Tony wonders how she came across them, but he decides he’s not going to ask. He’s not
This look, Steve as a prisoner… Peter doesn’t like it at all. He swallows through a big lump in his throat, and follows his dad through another door. At the same time, Steve walks in as well, closing the door behind him.
“Okay, uh, I don’t mind sharing. I’m sure Nat won’t mind, either.” Clint reaches for the cornflakes. Harry pushes it his way.
“Tony, we’ve been arguing for hours. Can’t we just put this behind us and focus on the mission?” Steve tries.
“Well, this here’s my buddy Peter, remember him?” Johnny asks, pointing towards Peter to divert Davey’s attention towards him. The guy squints at Peter, his mouth falling open in his confusion. Once he seems to actually get a look at him, he shrugs.
“Nowhere I can go for now,” he says in defeat. Sharon just smiles sadly at him before leaning forward to kiss his cheek. Then she pulls on her white coat again and hurries back to the door.
Peter’s third ‘job’ is when a bus full of children suddenly seems to lose control. As the thing seems to be heading towards Stark Industries (what are the odds?), Peter quickly jumps to the rescue and stops the thing with all the power he has, including with what must be over fifty webs to pull the bus back. Once he’s sure that the children are safe – and after some reporter took a picture of him with their grateful little faces, Peter hurries off again. By the time he’s on the roof of some random building, once again changed back into his normal clothes, Peter lies back down and takes a moment to breathe.
“I could get some, but what would you need? Blood, hair? Spit?” He’s just summing things up now, calling up what he remembers from all those TV shows where DNA tests are only done in mere minutes. If only it were that easy in real life.
“Not really.” Peter sighs, coming to a stop against a building. “Do you mind passing along all the video-feeds of those patrols to my computer? So I could have a look at it?”
“Thank you, doctor,” Peter returns. Strange nods at him before turning back towards May and nodding at her as well. After that, he leaves the room. Steve then lets go of Tony’s shoulders and heads towards the door to close it again.
day ago, and while he assured him that he’s okay with it, Peter can’t just… hang out with MJ and pretend everything’s fine, right?
“I’m not mentally ill, asshole! Look!” She took a glass out of a cupboard and filled it with orange juice. Then she put it down next to the sink, opened the tap and rolled her sleeves up. Her hand reached towards the water, but she didn’t touch it. Instead, she moved her fingers like she was handling an invisible pincer.
“Of course, tiger,” she says with a wide smile. As she passes him, she puts a hand on his shoulder and gives him a lingering look. After that, she’s inside, taking a few steps into the building before waiting on Peter to guide her. “Am I supposed to follow the noise or are you going to show me the way?”
“Mr. Parker! What a coincidence to be seeing you here,” he says. The guard behind him pokes him in the head with his stick and tells him to keep walking. Toomes spits out some blood. It falls right in front of Peter’s feet. Tony, of course, doesn’t like that.
Yaël didn’t even ask questions and took her backpack. She was glad to leave this stinkhole, even if it was to stalk someone in a pizzeria or something.
"You and your jokes about my hair...would you rather have that I plant the image of the senior, bald me on this bench?"
It took another few minutes before Yaël started talking about Raido, because he was the one who disturbed her the most. The other people she saw, didn’t freak her out as much as Raido did. Her dad’s death was what it was, there was nothing more about that and Lopt… Well, Yaël told X about Lopt too, since he felt like a big question-mark. She heard the ‘floor’ under her crack, like the black material under her was actually made of stone and getting ripped open.
“Hi, Lopt,” she said as she turned around to face the black-haired man. She wanted to introduce him to her father, only to notice, Cem had disappeared.
“You are supposed to be in bed,” Steve grits out, pulling the chair along behind him while Tony is still in there.
kinda cute. Now are you going to let him go, or do you want a good kick in the nuts from a small and frail little girl who clearly seems like she can’t defend herself? Because I’ll do it. I mean, I’ll kick you in the nuts, obviously.”
“You know, I tried to stop you, but you wouldn’t listen,” Michelle mutters with a grin. Peter shakes his head and turns away from this evil girl. “I suppose it’s good everybody was too surprised about your act that nobody filmed that little outburst that purple-haired girl had towards you. I think that was even better.”
“Idiot,” he responds. Peter snorts out a laugh but he, too, starts filling his plate. “Good morning, Peter.”
“My sister- she-there-“ Yaël sounded out of breath caused by panic. It didn’t take Vision that long to put the pieces of the puzzle together.
Wow, Peter hasn’t really heard Steve joke a lot like that. It’s actually quite amusing. He jumps up, webs a ball and throws it Hawkeye’s way. After a loud ‘HEY!’ from the guy, he pretends like he didn’t do anything.
He grins when he gets a wink in return. He tightens the straps of his backpack and looks out the window, though seeing nothing but darkness. They’re underground, after all.
“Nat, c’mon. It’s not worth it,” he hears Steve say in the background. It strikes him straight in the chest, hearing
told him to take the internship? Wade started to talk to Peter about the divorce between a pepper (?) and Stark, or something like that. Yaël wasn’t really listening to it, she wondered why Peter hadn’t said anything about a girlfriend before.
“He’s alive, but I think he’s out for this fight.” Her eyes never leave Tony’s, and for a short second Tony is glad that she’s not yet left for New Asgard. “Alright, I’ll tell him.”
Tony stands up a bit straighter after that, putting his hands in the pockets of his pants unconsciously.
So Steve doesn’t say anything about it. It can’t be that bad that it’s a bit longer, right? Surely, Jane will enjoy every word of what Thor is talking about.
Tony turns back to Steve. It’s weird, seeing him like this. Tony watches his hand resting in Steve’s and wonders if he should pull away. He’s sure Steve is expecting everything to be fine now, but it’s not, really. They’re not fine. Too much has happened.
If she could just call Steve and rage about this new friend to him, because Wade surely still was her friend. Yaël was sure she’d find it hilarious tomorrow. And Wade was her only friend at this point. Was Peter a friend? Does kidnapping someone make you friends? Well, if Peter wanted to leave, he could, Yaël wouldn’t stop him. But he stayed, which made her kind of glad, because she didn’t want him, the only normal guy in her company right now, to reject her.
For the whole night, Peter has been thinking over in his head how he’s going to apologize; the talk with Yaël helped a bit on that part (though he really didn’t need her reminder that he really
“Nice to meet you, Toby and Andrew. How about we get you two out of here now, alright? Toby, I’ll lower you down. After you’re on the ground I’ll come down with your little brother. What do you say?”
“Well, maybe you were supposed to have a power, nobody knows… But the gods clearly punished you for making the stone disappear, and to make it clear to everyone that it was you, to make sure nobody would ever forget what you did, the gods turned your eyes ochre,” the king explained bitterly.
Tony pulls out of Steve’s grip and tries to turn around, get into a seating position. He needs to get out of here, needs to go home, somewhere… Peter! Peter can keep him grounded. Peter can make sure that he won’t do anything stupid.
