“Yeah, you supported him, you gave him only what I can call succor.” Natasha stretched out her legs so that her bare feet were touching him. “A burden was lifted. I’m pretty sure you had a role in that. You need to make sure whatever you did, however you did that, he doesn’t build it up again. Otherwise this whole soul pack thing is never going to work right.”
“Gah!” He covers his face with his hands. “What the fuck!”
“But he’s popular.”
“Fuck!” Tony leaps to his feet and races to the guest room. The door is already open, and he barges inside without an invitation.
“Yeah, I kind of like it. Makes me feel cozy. But then again, I don’t like it to be cold,” Steve replies and touches Tony’s hand with the hoodie. “You’re favorite MIT one.”
“Let him run with his ideas, but if it gets dangerous you can always initiate protocol shut down.”
“About two hours?”
Tony nodded, and they started toward the mid-century modern house with its swooping roofline and windows. No one would ever think a vampire lived here. He looked behind him at the lightened sky, the reds and pinks. It would rain today. He shivered. He opened the door to safety and only wished he knew if Steve was safe as well.
Even as Estane talked to the crowd of alphas, Tony surveyed the audience. He saw hunger in some eyes, while he recognized revulsion in others’ expression. Natasha had only shaken her head and gazed at him knowingly. Tony was their one great hope. But what kind of hope was he? He treated his omega only a little better than a dog. Maybe not even. He wouldn’t have caned a dog. He thought of his little Dummy – his tiny body curled up next to him on the bed. He’d made Steven sleep on the floor.
Steve looks down at Tony. “Mind what?”
Tony’s brain goes into hyperdrive and he takes his shirt pushing it into the water and then dabbing it on the wounds. It doesn’t matter the venom has already done its damage. “No. You healed fast before. Remember the burrs? I plucked them out and you were fine. The next day, you were fine. Do that again. Don’t leave me.” He sobs, the words mutilated by his weeping. “Don’t leave me. You shouldn’t have done that. Blu. I’m not worth it. I’m not-.”
“I’m sorry to disturb you. I could go.” Steve points back to the washroom.
“Devolved you mean. There is no way that’s a higher function.” Steve wishes he’d planned on sunglasses. As the sun reflects off the white of the snow, his light eyes ache. Being snow blind decreases their chances exponentially. “You should use whatever flying function you can manage and-.”
“Jesus fucking Christ.”
“For sending you there, for your sacrifice. You kept the hope alive. You didn’t deserve to die.”
Clint loops the ship low toward the plateau but it’s rocked by a barrage of fire from oncoming tie-fighters. He spins the ship to avoid too many impacts and then manages to fly straight toward them. The bottom hatch of the ship opens and a ladder automatically descends. This is Bucky’s way out, but he has to wait for Sam to pick up Steve. In seconds Sam flies to the ground, jogging a few feet as he lands. As he sees Steve, his expression turns from concerned to horrified.  He knows they don’t have time, so he doesn’t ask any questions. The tie-fighters fire at them; the bolts chewing up the rocks and spitting the shrapnel all around, nearly blinding them in the debris.
“Come on,” Tony said because, shit, he wasn’t having any of this – he just admitted he loved Steve – full out. Sure, they’d played around with the terms and ideas over the past six years – who wouldn’t in that time? But this felt different. This felt like commitment. His soul entangled with Steve’s. Sown together forever. “We can talk strategy later. We have time. We’re safe here.” He ushered Steve out of the study, only peering back once at the pile of notebooks on his desk. He had time. There would be tons of time. He practically dragged Steve back to the bedroom. Thanks to his supernatural strength, the super soldier couldn’t escape his prodding. He went more willingly as he staggered and stumbled into the bedroom. Tony called for JARVIS to alert Natasha.
“You worry about getting better, I’ll worry about the blacksmith.”
“I think we should set up a rotating schedule,” Steve says. “I’ll start. I’m going to be sleeping in the couch over there anyhow. Then Vision, Pietro, Wanda, and then me again. Two hours each. If anything questionable happens at all, anything, wake me up. We’ll call the doctor.”
“They should have left it in the ocean,” Steve mutters and drops down onto a stool at the kitchen island. He rubs at his temples and scratches at his head, messing his hair.
“Great. Put on the helmet.” Tony picks it up.
“That’s even more of a problem,” Bruce murmured in the shadows.
“Nothing to be sorry for,” Tony waves her off and sighs when he hears the click of her shoes on the linoleum floor. “Christ this is going to be hard.”
Steve nods and begins to wade out of the waters. “Yes, let’s go back in.”
It ended up that Fury tried to steer Steve toward areas in the V-Corps where he could make a difference. Routinely, Steve ran the beat where he hunted down and brought into custody the radicals who tried to burn Vampires and torture humans who associated with them. But that had been years ago, and their problems always lurked around the corner like shadows hidden from the sun.
“God, here we go again,” Bucky groaned.
“You don’t know. You don’t want that,” Tony said. “You’ll wake up tomorrow and hate yourself for it.”
“Sounds like a plan?” Steve’s mind whirls and he teeters on too much happiness. He’s heard of cherophobia before but never quite believed it. Tony salutes him and races out of the mud room through the kitchen and up the back stairs. Steve follows him trying to quell all his doubts and fears that happiness is just a fleeting emotion. Entering his room, he looks down at his red feet and they ache. He needs to shower again. Part of that conclusion makes him smile, even laugh a little. This time though he jumps in the shower and quickly goes through the motions of cleaning. It takes less than five minutes and his feet haven’t even defrosted all the way. He dries and then hangs up his towel this time. Dressing in jeans, t-shirt, and hoodie, Steve heads back toward the kitchen. He thinks about stopping off at Tony’s suite, but stops. He hates to think that Tony would consider it too forward, like Steve’s expecting something beyond a kiss. He passes Tony’s room and goes directly to the kitchen.
“Many things. What it mainly means is that Tony is immortal in many more ways now. He won’t need to feed off you. He’s stronger, has new abilities. For him the connection between you will be different as well. It will be something ethereal, more supernatural.  Divini are not a threat. We cannot walk in the sunlight like vampires, but a wooden stake is not poison to us. We feed off the cosmic light of the stars.”
“That’s great. I thought you might not like it considering you’ve never seen one in the bowl.” Tony’s practically jumping out of his skin with excitement. Resentment fills Steve and he looks away. Tony doesn’t react to his disdain. “Let’s get back. Hopefully we can escape the ship before Obie wants another meeting. I’m exhausted from all the meetings today.”
“It’s a million degrees outside and you want to make hot chocolate?” Tony hops off the stool. “Since you think we’re having Christmas in July, I’ll go start a fire in the lounge.” He laughs as he pulls out Dummy and taps his way to the living room. Normally he wouldn’t use Dummy in the house, but he knows that Jarvis had the cleaning service in today and sometimes they mess with the furniture placement.
The wrangler/goon snaps the whip and it strikes the lion. It jolts with pain and scurries away, not like the king of beasts at all. It’s in pain. It growls at its tormentor and the Lion Hunter waves his hand. The wrangler flicks the whip, herding the lion toward Tony. With a short peer over his shoulder, Blu turns back to Tony. His eyes narrow and his head drops, he’s hunting. The animal has no other choice. Neither does Tony. This whole situation’s gone to hell.
“Fuck my knot,” the alpha commands and Steve uses the leverage of his arms tied up above him to shove backward. It sends chills of desire through Steve. He shivers in need and groans into the pillow incoherent words and he works himself on the knot. He loves the stress of his ass, the way it feels as he pulls away toward the rim muscle and then pushes back onto the man’s cock again. He keeps his eyes open as instructed, but he sees only stars and darkness around him. There’s only the subjugation of his will – what his heat wants him to be. The smell of his bonding gland fills the air and he wants to beg for some relief, but he knows he’s not bonding to this alpha. He can’t feel anything more than the satisfaction of his heat.
Rhodes shifts and says, “It’s time.” He nods to the stage where Pepper’s about to take the podium. “Perhaps later?”
"You gotta name?" The boy asks as he pulls out a pack of cigarettes. Steve’s eyes go wide when he sees them. When the boy offers, Steve only waves them off – he doesn’t need to smoke with his asthma and bad heart.
“Most vampires pass into being a wraith. Trapped in a nether world of nothingness. Trapped to sit by their decaying body and ashes for the rest of eternity.” Natasha stroked the sheet next to Steve’s leg, smoothing it. “A vampire revived and transformed is something else.” She looked up at him then, her eyes motes of stars and violet darkness. “You must understand this, Steve. He’s not a vampire. He’s one of us now.”
“Steve?”
Stopping for gas a second time, Tony noted it was near dawn. They’d get to the safe house just on time. He pumped the gas and went to the store to pay since the pumps were old fashion and required payment inside of the store. The cashier eyed him and kept furtively looking under his counter. He must have a wooden stake. Just ridiculous. Like a wooden stake through the heart wouldn’t mistakenly kill a human as well. Just to be a dick, he loaded the counter with all kinds of candy from Snickers bars to jelly beans. The cashier screwed up his pimply face and made the sale. For shits and giggles after the kid finished stashing all of the candy in a bag, Tony grabbed it, tossed the cash on the counter, and then snarled at him showing his fangs. The kid nearly fainted. Tony laughed all the way to the SUV. He tossed the candy to the passenger seat and said to Bruce, “You okay back there?”
“Superhero?” Tony supplied.
“And something did happen, didn’t it?” Tony says softly as he gently prods Steve to stand so that he can pull off the uniform pants. The boots are already set aside. Tony examines the bruise on Steve’s back where the bully stick hit him. “Fuck. I’m going to fucking bring him down.”
“Well, she’s a picture, much more welcoming than this,” Tony says and turns to the rapids.
Glancing over his shoulder, Tony sees Steve hanging on the doorframe. He quakes and looks like he’s about to topple over onto the disgustingly dirty floor that Tony just has his cheek pressed to. “I’m trying to get the deaf guy to answer the door. How do you get him-.”
Tony grumbles under his breath. He’s tired of the formalities. He shouldn’t be – outside of the presentation suite they were not friends, not lovers. But that’s Estane’s words – he recalls. Does it have to be that way? He cannot answer what he wants. Nevertheless, he says, “Do we have to be so formal?”
“Hmm, someone used the nanites.”
Steve scowls and yanks off the boots. “Just tell me one thing. Why did you make me get all dressed up in your uniform? Your uniform, your colors!
“Ah! No. I was five.”
He doesn’t know if he’s blessed or cursed.
Steve reaches across the table to grab Tony’s hand. “I know it’s been a little strange. I mean, I only just got back from the road, and from the ice. But we’re good, right? We’re hitting it off?”
“Gah, I thought you wouldn’t swear, you know,” he says as he forces himself not to writhe with the pain. “I thought you would be a goody two shoes, all angelic and everything.”
The Silver Knight lowers his shield. As he lays it on the ground, he reaches in his boot to slide out a jeweled dagger. He has no hope of taking on the Red Knight. Before he’s even close the gap between them the Outriders would swarm him and kill him. He has no doubts about that – there is one thing he can do – one way to take himself out of the equation.
“Tony,” Steve said. His mouth was like parchment.
Tony set the armor down and then it opened. He walked out of it and straight up to Steve. He wrapped his arms around him and pushed Steve’s rigid body toward him, holding him. Steve stayed frozen, stiffened by his own feelings of loss and isolation.
Tony shook his head. “I couldn’t stand it. I wouldn’t stand it. So, I killed them – all of them. Right then. Every part of me became something else. I was electricity. I was more than the lightning that Thor calls on. I was the corona of the sun. I burned them to ashes, but somehow never touched you or anyone with me.”
“Please,” he says into the beat of the water.
He lifts his mug and salutes Tony. “I try to be. Thank you.”
Clint winks at him. “Now why wouldn’t I?”
“Tony,” Pepper says and her eyes are big, round, and cautious. “He must have thought you were worth it.”
Steve agrees if only to relieve some of the stress etched across the prince’s features. In only takes five minutes for Tony to get dressed and ready to go. He’s in his less formal uniform and slicked his hair back with fingers through it. He offers Steve a quick peck on the cheek and then leaves with a plea for Steve to eat and rest.
Tony stills, concentrating on Steve. “Together?”
“Well, as I hear it, I don’t have much to say about it. Your part of this stupid pack,” Bucky said and rubbed his right wrist on his pant leg. Tony didn’t look, didn’t try to sneak a glimpse of his Brother tattoo.
“Peculiar nature, what exactly could that mean?” Tony says as he sits back, his eye gleam as he examines each of them. Steve suddenly feels like one of those insects stuck to a board.
And then her voice came to him.
Steve smiles and reaches for the teacup, but Jarvis stays his hand. “Sheriff, I’ve brewed some coffee, if you would like?”
Steve spins around trying to wrestle free of Tony’s penetrating gaze. “Seems your security detail got rid of everyone that might sell us some popsicles.” There’s only greenery and gardens and a river with real water in it (Steve thinks) surrounding them.
After a little more conversation, a lot more wine, they are both spent and tired. Steve gets up to clean the kitchen, but Tony stays his hand. “No. I’ll do it. You made the meal, the least I can do is clean.”
“That’s enough, now,” Ross said and stepped out of the shadows. Another V-Corps agent appeared at his side. Steve didn’t recognize the large soldier, but he knew the type all too well. The agent wrenched the woman off Steve and then pulled her aside. A long hunting knife was in his hand and he slashed her throat open, the blood she just drank spilled down her chest and onto the floor. Two men in white coats walked into the room pushing a gurney at the same time. The V-Corps agent tossed the dying vampire on the table and the two men in white checked her.
“Are we going to lose?” Steve asks. The dim light around them seems to swallow him.
“Well, this whole soul pack thing didn’t go the way I planned,” Tony said trying to mend fences.
Frigga points to Natasha. “Only her.”
Tony looks behind him, where there’s a small slope up the side of the foothill. It’s rocky enough that it might mean some cave or notch in the side of the hill he can burrow into until daylight. He doesn’t relish spending more time in a cave, but it’s better than hanging out exposed in the middle of nowhere. Of course, if he falls and smacks his head that will be the end of it. Grimacing, he braces his good hand against his painful ribs and starts toward the slope.
It was only a dream. He told himself these lies. Tony wasn’t breaking any rules. He met Steve’s gaze and it captured him. He could no more rebuff Steve than he could walk away from his identity as Iron Man. Part of him, an empty, vacuous place, filled and he kissed Steve, bringing him down to the bed, laying Steve on top. Steve explored, tentatively and hesitantly as if their time together here in the dream state was their first. Tony knew it wasn’t. So did Steve. But it seemed to Tony that the dream state felt more real, more actual than it had ever felt. Even the fact that they both acknowledged it as a dream state – could it be shared? – was new. The dreamscape became a kind of soul reality to him, and he saw the same reflected back in Steve’s expression, in his desire, and in his yearning for it to be true.
“What do you think?” Tony says and rubs at his temple. The hemifacial spasms have started again. The pain in his face pounds a rhythm like drums beating a war anthem.
“What? Someone’s going to try and kill Sir Stark?” Steve says stuttering on the name, yearning to say Tony.
“No, Obie, that’s not going to happen. I already told you I will not declare a schism with the rest of the Conclave. We’re at war for the existence of all that is fucking holy, so no I will not abandon my duty.”
It is something very much a mystery to Tony and very crucial to his future plans. “You killed your alpha.”
“And that’s the point, Tony. You don’t want to be with me. I want to be out there, doing something. I don’t want to hide anymore. I want you to see me as someone you want to come home to.” He zips the bag closed. “I’ll pay for the phone and the clothes as soon as I’m able to.”
Tony turned back to the book but cuddled Blu closer as he read about Steve Rogers’ early life. He never found biographies especially intriguing especially if they weren’t of people named Coulomb, Newton, or Einstein. Yet, the story of Steve Rogers captured him, pinned him down to his bed for hours at a time. Jarvis had to drag him to the dinner table and force him to hand over the thick tome when it was bedtime. Finally, after school, the next day Tony finished it.
“I hate Hammer, Pepper, you know that.” Tony frowns and then makes gagging noises.
“Who is him?” Tony said and seriously considered whether or not he should be in the car with Bruce alone. Yet, they’d spent time together in Tony’s labs, and nothing had ever happened.
“Doom giving people problems again?” Steve says.
But it can’t be true, can it? If everything Steven has said is true – then the strong urge of an omega to bend to the will of the alpha, to want to submit, to need to submit has been exaggerated and bent. How much is natural and how much isn’t? His world tilts on its axis.
The lights around him are odd, funneled, dark and fuzzy around the edges with blinking bright spots in the center. All the while, Tony keeps touching him as he talks “They’re getting ready now. It might be some time. The gland is a complex organ. Doctor Cho isn’t sure this will work. She’s trying her best.”
“Tony!” Steve called. “Someone get to Tony’s position. Please! Someone!”
Steve takes up position in front of Tony in the doorway and reaches back with a brush of his hand against Tony. With a simple touch to his wrist by Tony, Steve steps forward. He’s intuitive and makes sure to pace his gait with Tony’s own. It’s a little clunky but not bad.
“Wanda could.”
"Steve.” He rushes in to say his name. The thought of the boy giving him a nickname, supplying him with some moniker that would only come from those lips – sends a secret delight, a shiver, down Steve’s spine.
Tony poured himself two fingers of Scotch and went to the balcony to watch the black of the ocean, listen to the waves, and look on the horizon for the lights of the shipping lanes. He ached with need, with desire. It scared him that his yearning centered around something insubstantial, not Pepper. Ever since that moment with Rogers in his apartment, something felt off, odd, wrong. The funny thing was – it wasn’t a physicality that he wanted or needed. He sat there as the crash of waves whispered to him and he closed his eyes, trying to find some balance. Something deep in him reached out, as if he stretched out his own hand and touched, caressed, made contact with something
“Yes, I got that.” He had wanted to wring the guy’s neck. For ages he had been invading Tony’s space.  Was he waiting for some kind of medal or thank you for being a bug in Tony’s ear all the time?
“Shock?” Steve cries out and grabs Tony. Even though he can still feel the tremors Steve ignores them. He tears away the jacket, the buttons of Tony’s shirt, rips away the undershirt to reveal the mechanical device in his chest. “What the hell is it, Tony?” Tears stream down Steve’s face and mix with the flakes of snow. The snow picks up, the wind slices through him and he shivers in response.
“Any clues?”
“Let me raise the bed and I’ll get you some with some crackers.” She pauses and then asks, “Are you nauseous or anything?”
Some of the agents looked everywhere but at the tormented figure hanging in the center of the room. Others gazed at Steve as if they were bored with the whole proceeding. Ross studied him, checking, as if to mark off the wounds to ensure they were deep enough, bad enough, painful enough. “Dear doctors, I love that you’ve essentially mimicked lightning strikes. Look at the patterns.”
“I know.” Scars print along Steve’s jaw where Tony caressed him.
They find one another separated when the battle comes. Not by choice but by circumstance. Tony is in New York planning their wedding while Steve is in Wakanda checking on Bucky’s progress. When Thanos takes out half of the living organisms in the universe, Tony looks for Steve and he’s not there – they are lightyears apart. With no idea if Steve survived the great purge, Tony nearly surrenders to his hopelessness. When he sees Steve again waiting for him, he very nearly falls over from relief.
He can almost see her eyes roll. “Okay, Stark. Have a good time. Don’t over do it. I don’t want to see you or Cap walking funny when you get back.” She disconnects and Tony seethes.
"Yes, Stane retaliated once he had to set the slaves free and couldn't import more, he took his revenge."
“Okay, see you in a few,” Clint says and starts away.
“Can you get rid of this?” Tony asked. The branding on his arm mimicked what Tony remembered of the wrist mark on Steve. Tony also sported other marks that mirrored the ones on his other pack mates’ arms. Now that it finally happened, he wanted it gone. They were in his fucking head. Why did he have all of their marks intertwined and leading up his arm – he could feel it crawl over his chest. “Can you? I want it gone.” It wasn’t a promise of family or friends. It was a god damned infection and surely Bruce knew that- identified the organism that plagued them.
Steve hung back as did Tony, though he stayed closer. As Bruce stretched out with the lengths of his soul’s energy, Steve lent his own. He offered a foundation, built it and strengthened it. It was his job as the leader of the pack to offer assistance where he could. In the very near distance, Tony wandered a pulse, a beat apart as if he tested the waters but could not make the final decision to jump in. Non-plussed by Tony’s hesitation, Steve strove forward with Bruce as he struggled with the webbings of the chaotic soul before them.
Steve frowns – the man couldn’t have forgotten his name since they have the same first name. He does as directed and huffs a little to show his discontentment. Even in the low lighting, Steve catches a small glimmer of a smile on Tony’s lips, but it quickly dissipates as Strange leans in to check his eyes. Several minutes go by with Strange mumbling to himself. At first, Steve thought he was saying something to them but then quickly realized that the doctor has weird habits.  Once he’s finished, he pushes the equipment aside and nods to Steve, who flicks on the lights.
Remaining silent, Steve tightens his embrace even though his body falters and weakens in Tony’s grasp. He feels a part of Captain America dying and he scrambles to fix it to mold it back to life. “Steve, you don’t have to give anything up. People believe in you not because you’re selfless but because you give of yourself.”
“Steven,” Tony says. “Great – see, we can get along.”
Phew got this in on Sunday.
“Sure. Just let me get mine settled over here.” Steve lifts his tray and places it on the table over near the windows and picks up Tony’s to place it on the same table. He brings both cups of tea back. “I brought you the tea.” He places his own on the nightstand and then cups Tony’s hand around the mug before he shifts the handle to him. He gets back onto the bed. “I should thank you again.”
Well, all of that explained exactly what had happened and why in mythical, or scientific or whatever terms but what it meant remained a mystery. There were only three extensively studied Beloved bonds in all of the soul packs documented. In all cases the bonded were in love and sexually involved.
“What?”
The doctor glances at the boxes as if they offend him. “Well, that’s neither here nor there. You’re to come with me tonight to the Maria Stark Foundation Gala.”
“It’s said without your work the Deep South would not have fallen, that you forged the path for the likes of Sherman.”
Without further inquiry, Tony turns and says, “This one. I want this one.”
“I haven’t actually paid at all.”
Tony studies the man. “I will take care of you. I am a prime alpha. You are lucky that the bond took. Things will change. I want to change things.”
Is he having a breakdown? Is that what’s happening? Or a panic attack? Considering all of the stress and anxiety over the last few days, he wouldn’t be surprised. He can’t even jerk off. He wants to howl but only a muted screech comes out and the water splashes his face and he chokes on it. Coughing he curls down into himself and maybe it is the sound of the running shower or his own sobs that deafen him to the shower door opening.
Tony clutched onto Steve, his fingers digging into his upper arms. “God, I can’t lose you to him. I can’t. Please, don’t leave me for him.”
“Ensuite. Nice,” Tony says and disappears into his bath. It’s obviously not the master and he suspects that Steve’s claimed the master bedroom, but Tony’s not about to complain, after all he already gave up the big room.
Steven smiles but it is a harsh line on his face. “That’s what they tell alphas as bed time stories these days. Omegas are no different than anyone else. Did you know that in the distant past Omegas could have children? We could father or mother a child?” Steven closes his eyes for a moment before opening them to look at Tony. “I suppose that all ended when the genetics were changed. I don’t know. But omegas cannot procreate as you said and therefore are not – according to the science – strictly alive.”
“We all have our burdens here,” Tony says. “It took Frigga ten years to free me. Natasha only two, because you know a spy doesn’t really trust anyone. Her nature and all.”
“How have you been doing?”
“Everything with Sir Stark is complicated,” Steve says.
The man shakes his head. “You may be too late. Lion Hunter was here only yesterday. He’s after the lion.”
“Logan?” His mind jitters takes a moment or more to catch up. “Logan knows about the seizures?” Tony slams down the mug. “I’m coming to you. Stay there. Where are you? Don’t answer that, I’ll have JARVIS bring me to you.”
“Everyone has consequence, my lad. But if you find it ill to share your name, then let me share my own. I am Odin.”
“Fuck.”
Tony gasps. “That’s it. You got it, Cap!” He shakes his fist. “I should have known; I should have figured this out. You and I are unpredictable to him; we’re free agents. He’s not. He’s learning as he goes and can only figure out a few things at a time – which is weird-.”
Bruce grabbed him, steadying him so he wouldn’t pitch over onto the floor. “Are you okay? Do you need to-.”
Steve closed his fingers gently over Tony’s lax hand. “I know,” he said thinking of the floor in the Tower in New York. It hadn’t really been his home, not truly. It was a place he stayed.  The whole of this new world to him rankled with a foreignness that both beguiled and bemused but also terrified.
Without turning around, Steve manages to get his assigned quarters with Tony right at his heels. Of course, there’s no slamming the door in his face even if the door actually hinged like a normal fucking door.
That same fleeting shadow comes over Steven’s expression, but this time he tries to hide it by facing away from Tony. “As you wish, my lord.”
“Okay. I’ll get the popcorn ready.”
Sagging, he nearly collapses off the bench, but Steve quickly recovers and, standing, wraps Tony in his arms.
He doesn’t say – he didn’t even confess his true nature to him. He thanks the doctor, signs the required forms, and then a hospital attendant ushers him into a private room to wait. It doesn’t even occur to him to ask to see his husband before the operation. When the attendant leaves, Tony collapses into a chair and sits stunned for several minutes.  Probably his actual stupor deafens him to the door to the room opening. When a hand touches him, he jumps, but then settles as Natasha places her other hand firmly on his chest and pushes him back into the chair.
“I used to know a James, but I called him Bucky-.” Steve says before Tony shuts him up by waving his hands.
“Well, not on my head. Yes, sit on my lap.” Steve reaches up like he’s going to guide a toddler down to his lap. Tony bats him away and then plunks down as hard as he can. Steve only smiles at him.
“What’s so funny?” Steve calls from the kitchen – Tony hears the slight echo of his voice off the tiles.
Before he even touches his suitcase a guard steps up to him, takes it and his shoulder bag. “Thank you.” The guard does a small bow to him and then they all enter the sleek ship that leaves Steve breathless with its beauty and functionality.
soul.”
“You leave the brainy stuff to me, champ.” He sips the coffee.
“You could,” Steven says and his gaze doesn’t waver and shy away from the defiance just lurking in the shadows. He stays on his knees as protocol states, but there’s a fire in him that burns the room to ashes.
Without ceremony, Tony bared his teeth as his fangs grew prominent and he bit down. He latched onto Steve and curled his leg around him as he salivated with the first taste of the salty blood. It enriched and enlivened him.  He heard a gasp from Steve as he went rigid from the first injection of the paralytic agent from Tony’s fangs. It suffused through Steve’s body and caused him to freeze and his body to arch into Tony’s bite. As Tony sank deeper into the flesh, teasing Steve’s nipple with his tongue, his fangs released the anti-toxin as his body recognized the sweet taste of his mate. With a slight whine and a sob of relief, Steve shuddered against Tony and then as they lay entwined, his erection pressed against Tony’s leg. The nectar of Steve’s enhanced blood streamed over his tongue, a feast of sweetly, salt tinged with metal so grand that Tony’s whole body vibrated with need. He felt the warmth return to his bones, his extremities reinvigorated. If he had a heart in his chest, it would race to meet the one beating against his hand, pressed so firmly against Steve’s opposite pectoral muscle. The rapidity of Steve’s heart sent shivers through Tony. Steve’s hardness against his thigh delighted him and his own body responded in kind. While a vampire didn’t come the way a human did, there were other desirous ways to find his fruition with his mate.
Tony opened his hands and the emptiness ate at him, made him exposed and vulnerable. “I have to follow his lead. He is the leader. If he invites me to be more than a friend, I’ll do it. Happily.”
Bruce considered them and then said, “I talked to Wong about roles and such. One of the things he said was that sometimes during injuries bonds get a little raw. I’m not sure exactly what he meant by that but I think it must be something similar to what you experienced with Clint.”
“Operative word there is old, Tony. I’m making sub sandwiches. What kind would you like?” Steve says and starts taking out the supplies. He might not be a great cook, not like Wanda, but he can make a pretty good sub. “What kind of sub do you want?”
“Yeah. Everything is safe. You know what? Come with me, come on.” He folds his hand around Steve’s and leads him out of the room and down the hallway. He opens his master bedroom door. “I want to show you something, someone.”
He turns around and jumps. Blu stands next to him, not watching him, but scanning their surroundings as if on sentinel duty. It’s beautiful here, breathtaking in its simplicity and it’s barrenness. Off to the right and in the far distance Tony spots fields of rolling poppies in full flower. The bright reds and oranges dance in the gentle breezes. It’s gorgeous if not ominous. There might be people that way – poppy fields definitely are worked in this area, but probably by warlords. He’s not considering going back the way they came, even if he could figure that out since the HUD is dead. That leaves the rocky hills behind them, and that doesn’t look like an appetizing way to go at all. He frowns and Blu sniffs the air.
Steve chuckles again, taking Tony’s wrist and kissing it. “You have no patience.”
The ache of the betrayal and his world transforming in seconds overwhelmed the pains he suffered from the fall. He ran to the stairwell, managing to avoid any of the agents as the call for his apprehension blared out from the speakers embedded in the walls of the building. He rushed down the stairs, keeping his shield tightly gripped in his hands. He had to focus his mind, because it swung wildly to Tony and his fate. Was he all right? How could Steve get in touch with him? Had someone hurt him? Did he listen to Natasha and scatter to the wind? Would he be at the safe house where they’d planned to meet? His only thought was of Tony – getting to him – getting him safe. As his human mate, Steve felt the constant pull right under his breastbone to gravitate to Tony, to protect him, to care for him..
He’d had a headache earlier when he tossed the glasses, but the truth is he hasn’t thought of it for hours now. “No. Not really. I-.” This is presumptuous of him, but he’s going to say it anyhow. He’s Tony Stark after all. “I think we need condoms and lube. Now we might not but that’s my read of the situation.”
Battles and wars are hard won things. Sacrifices are made, and losses incurred. The moment that T’Challa took the floor at the Council meeting, Tony watched as the world unfolded like a flower blossom, petals opening to a new day. It wouldn’t be all beautiful and joyous. He spotted the opposition easily enough. Everyone did. Evolution of thought took more than a declaration. It required sacrifice. It took time to weed out the opposition as well as the indifference. Even indifference rotted the best of intentions. Steve re-assured Tony. After the meeting, after all the questions and the fearmongering and the media hype,  it was a declaration, a proclamation to the rest of the world that their middle-aged ideas were past and a new age had begun. It was only a start, a beginning. The rest would be hard fought if won at all.
He might hear his name called a few times before he finally looks up from his crouched position in the chair next to Steve’s bed. It’s Bruce. He blinks a few times, rubs at his eyes. “What time is it?”
Tony cradled the old toy. It was time to give up all childish things. For pity’s sake he was going to college and would be surrounded by people a half dozen years or more older than him. He didn’t need further proof that he was a boy and they were all nearly adults. Little Blu’s glass eyes were clear even with the scratches from years of being hauled around with Tony. He gazed down at it. He needed to put it into the bin to be put away, stashed in the closet or attic. That’s when Jarvis walked into the room.
“Yes, please.” Steve prepared the toast and then chopped up some melon for a fruit dish. “You know, Tony had this whole place stocked when I came. I mean everything. It was like he was waiting for me to show up.”
Even Steve spots that he’s lying.  He can’t help himself when he clears his throat and says, “Prince Anthony, perhaps before we discuss the more delicate nature of politics, you’d like some afternoon refreshments and a meal?”
“No. Nat is here. You stay there. Help with the mess.” A terrorist cell from AIM just blew a hole through lower Manhattan. “Make sure that substance isn’t lethal.”
Both of them are standing nose to nose ready for a knockdown, drag out fight, and for a moment, Tony considers letting them whack at each other for a while because hell it would be better than tolerating a movie with them. But that’s when Steve – the good Captain- decides to make his appearance. Looking too fit for mortal men, the Captain swings into the room and claps his hands, an uncharacteristic smile on his face and a bit of green under his nails. When the Captain plops down on the sofa next to him, Tony can only focus on one thing – that smudge of green under his fingernail. The Captain is always pristine.
Tony claps at Steve enthusiasm and follows his wish. As Steve splashes around in the peaks of bubbles, Tony cannot help but think of Blu playing in the water with him. They would often go down to the stream during the height of the day when the heat slowed them down. There in the small stream they found relief and lost themselves, splashing and soaking one another fully. Surely, Blu hated to go into the water most of the time, but on those days, he enjoyed himself. His attention draws to Steve, in the bath totally free of expectations. He’s more restricted in his attitude and actions than Blu, but here in the tub he finds the joy in life. When he spots Tony watching him, he smiles, and Tony’s done for. That smile, those eyes melt into Tony thoroughly.
“Some, not a lot. We carry an eclectic line of books, stuff not found in the popular stores or websites,” Steve answers. “Can I get you anything else?” He glances around looking for an escape. He shouldn’t flirt with the customers, Natasha will brain him if he does.
The words settle in his brain like an elixir, a healing salve. “Tony?” It’ right – that’s his name. He knows this in his bones.
“Fire?” Tony asks.
Steven arches a brow and considers him. “I’m not too sure I should celebrate. I don’t know if that’s a good thing or not.”
While he watches and nibbles on the food, Steve keeps an ear out for the prince’s movements. Most of the time the prince is talking to someone or another. He spends an inordinate amount of time going through schematics with someone named Reed. Another hour battling Pepper about some subject that has to do with the meetings, and then finally again he’s debating with the Obie person about calling for a schism.
He’s halfway through correcting a string of code when someone taps him on the shoulder. “Tony?”
“What I just said? Well, yes. I’ve tried to do my best for you, to be a good per-.”
“I won’t need five minutes,” Natasha says as Cho steps out of the room, following Sam. When she faces Tony again, her pouty mouth thins but her eyes soften. She wastes no time in laying him bare. “You need to cut the crap, Tony, and go in there and get your boy.”
“You need to talk to him but remember – he’s different now.”
Furrowing his brows, Steve asked in a dubious voice, “A show?”
Tony lifted a lip which only served to remind Steve of an old, mean dog that lived in the alley way behind his tenement house where he grew up in the 30s. He never would have believed that he would feel nostalgia for that dog. As Strange left, the rest of the Avengers lingered with Fury watching over them.
“So would that be okay? I mean it would be nice, don’t you think?”
Breaking their kiss, Tony notches his head against Steve’s shoulder and pants as his hand drifts downward, tugging and then unbuckling Steve’s belt and pants. “Let me touch you, Captain.”
“Anything but-.” She curls a finger at him, and he quickly falls into step with her. “I want to tell you that you’ve gotten high marks from all of your clients. I have you booked for the next three months. People are clamoring to be with you. You’re approach to make them feel special is really working.”
He couldn’t feel the rest of the pack. Numbness grew until it became all encompassing, until it settled in his chest and developed into this nascent creature, devouring every thread of life. He shuddered. He’d lost his mother, once. Long ago.  Everyone on Earth was destined to be an orphan, to lose the one person who innately cared for them. As he cradled the empty shell of the man he loved in his arms, Tony knew that pain of saying goodbye to his mother became a distant thing. Losing Steve, losing his Beloved, ripped away the last shreds of his soul and left him wanting and angry.
“He’s not ready. It won’t take. He’s too weak to withstand it,” the Red Knight says. “Drink the soup Steve before I have to force you.”
Tony snorts out another bout of laughter and then, turning, waves behind his head. “I’ll see you at 10, Rogers.”
Steve nodded and then crossed his arms. “I’m being assigned to the DC office of SHIELD. The Triskelion.”
“Clint was busy with the ranch-.” He writhes as she pokes into the wound.
Tony swallows down the vile taste in the back of his mouth. “Photo?”
The dreamscape dissolved around Tony, the firm grasp of Bucky disappeared and he found himself laying on the couch with Bruce standing over him, a quizzical look on his face. Tony cleared his throat and glanced around, trying to get his bearings. Penthouse. Couch. Tower.
“I said that – it did not sink in,” Steve said. He placed the food on the coffee table. “The thing is I can understand a bit of where he’s coming from. If I found out my parents had been killed by someone I had to have a close relationship with, I think I would be upset as well.”
Jarvis scans him up and down and then gives a curt nod of his head and huffs as he leaves. Steve watches him go. Apparently, his performance at the little lunch party was noticed. Steve lets out a sigh that only aggravates his headache. He changes quickly, cursing himself for being excited to see Tony again and at the same time feeling ashamed of himself. He’s a college graduate with a fine arts degree. He was a Captain in the Army. He did tours of duty; he went on missions. He’s not some damsel in distress. After he cleans up, Steve studies himself in the mirror.
Steve chewed at his lip before bobbing his head silently agreeing with Tony. Who knew something like that would work. In the next seconds as Steve confessed, Tony only wanted to go back on his idea of using a more civilized plan. “The girl and her brother.”
“Yes. The Red Skull picked up the cube. Caused the strange cosmos effect to appear.”
“It will be your last duty as my PA,” Tony says, and he can’t keep the wistful tone out of his voice.
Once the nurse leaves, Tony wanders around the room. He picks up things like the television remote, the cup for Steve’s water, the bed pan. “You know, you’re officially on suicide watch.”
“You will if you ever want to see your dear Iron Man again,” Loki smirks. His eyebrows arch. “Tell me dear Captain, does he know what sits so deeply in your heart?”
“Yeah?” Tony said, and he shared a critical eye with Pepper and Happy. “Does the specimen try to escape a lot?” Just what the fuck were they talking about here.
At least he’s moving, Steve thinks. “Come on, Tony, tell me what to do.”
Bending, Steve meets his lips with a hungry mouth. He knows his lips taste like the whiskey. He offers it to Tony as a kind of elixir in these troubled times. Tony rakes his hands up and down Steve’s back, and then paws at the tied robe until the knot falls away and his robe opens. Tony’s rough hands glide upward to Steve’s neck and then slide back down as he stands. The prince lifts him onto the piano, pushing him down slightly, hand at his throat feeling the speeding up of Steve’s pulse. Tony gazes at him, his pupils blown wide.
“Sir, to your right you may find some light.”
“Jo-Jo is completely down?” He fists his hands. He had no idea this omega had any technical expertise at all.
“Best?” His mind slowly moved through the words, trudging with a weight he couldn’t fathom. But he did catch up with them and finally said, “You want to try the soul pack thing?”
He dreams sometimes and it is of touch and feel and he wakes up sweating and shivering and harder than he’s ever been. He groans and makes his way to the shower, hoping that his stumbling gait will help to abate his need. It doesn’t. So he stands in the shower and jerks off, or tries to until he falls into a heap on the tiled shower floor, sobbing and rocking. He goes over and over the moments it all fell apart, but he cannot stop it. Every time he relives it, it always ends the same way.
In an instant the racing of Tony’s heart slows and sinks. He listened too deeply to what Pepper said. Steve chatters on as they go to the garage, talking about how his father had a bike, one he never saw. “They say my mom and dad were very free back in the day. Until I came along.”
“It’s pig’s swill,” Sam says and Darcy smirks.
“He wants the bomb in three days.”
Steve glanced at Natasha and confirmed. “Yes, our other member is in New York.”
Steven startles and glances at his hands. “Oh, I’m not. I could-.”
“No, they were a minor family, just trying to get onto the Council. I never- the worlds outside – the worlds in the rim and the lanes – they aren’t like this.”
“Whoa. Steve. No, I did not double book you.”
From behind him, a voice asks, “Then why are you here?”
“I should get to Clint” He needed to focus on the critical issues. Steve knew he wasn’t that confused and scrambled from the event. His head might burst but he could follow simple information.
Steve smirked as they entered the elevator. “Let’s call that one on Steve Rogers right now.”
“Immediately, and plot a course,” Tony says and launches into the sky.
He ended up in a small cell no bigger than a broom closet with his arms and legs chained to the floor. He sat there, desperately worried for Steve’s welfare, and increasingly hungry. That latter made no sense. He’d eaten his fill so many times over the last few days it was ridiculous. By all accounts he was bloated with blood. Yet, every part of him tingled with want and it shamed him. Here he was imprisoned, his love and mate wounded and unaccounted for, and all he could think of was the deliciousness of his next meal. He thought about attacking the next V-Corps agent that walked in the door. How delightful it would be to sink his fangs into his throat, but then the memory of what they planned to do to him flittered across his mind like a macabre butterfly. Cut out his feeding gland, remove his fangs, transform him into some kind of mindless zombie.
A startled look crossed Tony’s face and he quietly cursed. Tony shook his head. “I don’t know but if he’s caught, Happy’s been instructed to tell them I have been holding him enthrall for the last ten years. He’s to pretend he’s happy to be rescued.”
Happy blushes a bit but says, “Then I know Prince Anthony will be in good hands.”
Steven drops to his hands and knees, legs spread and mouth open. Tony goes to his special drawer and pulls out the largest of his mechanical dildos and attaches it to the mobile arm of the rack. He takes a moment to appreciate the omega in his submissive pose. It’s beautiful and set him on fire inside. This is true bonding, submission at its greatest art form.
Steven nods and joins Tony at the table. There’s still a rose to his cheeks and he glances at Tony, something longing and earnest is in his gaze. Tony wonders just how much the omega loved Dany Carbonelli. He might say he never did, but it is obvious the man misses his former alpha deeply.
The whole Hulk’s body lays on top of Steve. The weight isn’t too much for Steve, but it compresses his movements and his ribs. He hits the shield clip down into the snow to activate it, but hits nothing hard enough to do it. He can’t collect the nanobots to activate them again. He kicks his feet, but Hulk returns with a shot to his balls. Steve sees stars and gasps; the agony spears through his gut. The cold of the snow on his face and seeping down his collar alleviate the urge to vomit.
“Okay,” she agreed. Leaning forward she touched her identical brand to his mark. When she did something within him, within his core – his astral projection – grasped hers, linking them in the soul bond. Her confidence was essential and not in question.
Tony shifts to aim and Steve loses his balances, the rope swings wildly. He catches the wall, the sharp rocks slices into his gloves. More of the ragged wall crumbles away. Tony’s shot goes wide. He swears but Steve extends upward and grasps the rope. He drags them a few more feet.
Steve smiles. “Something like that. It broke up the monotony of battle. Brought a little lightheartedness to it. The first time we did it the Nazis laughed so hard we couldn’t even fight them. We all just shook hands and left.”
“Okay, okay.” He glances at Luke before they depart and mouths ‘thank you’, all the time thinking he might regret what he created. Luke only laughs and waves him away.
Tony nods. “Because of Steven. And he hates me because I beat him for a damned drink.” Sighing, Tony slips away from her and heads down the path toward the Main Conference building. His guests should be there by now. She follows him without a word. When they arrive at the building with its glass atrium and steel girders reaching up to the sky, Tony stops and says, “Tell the attendees I will be in shortly.”
“My phone and if you have a few books in braille?” Tony says.
“Okay. Fine. Be that way.” Tony grumbles under his breath and then explains, “Cho was nervous I might have a heart attack or, you know, go into cardiac arrest. And before you react, because I know you will, I am not in any danger. At all. She overreacted and brought me to the surface out of an abundance of caution. That’s all. After we went over the stats, I’m back. That’s it. End of story.”
When he finally pushed in the targeting blade and the bullet hit him in the back, he faltered and fell. He stared at the wound bleeding down his abdomen – the bullet had gone straight through him. In the very near distance he heard a wail as if the souls connected to him screamed out, trying to reel him back. He shivered against the cold and struggled to his feet. Listening to their calls as they suffered and struggled to survive the cataclysm and hell raining down upon them. Steve staggered, mourning the bonds linking him to them. He hated to think of them suffering, but his last act needed to be about Bucky, his brother. He closed off the beseeching cries along the tendrils of souls, severing them as if he cut off his own limb.  He went to Bucky then, not the Winter Soldier. He went and begged him to remember. He dropped his shield, the pain in his gut burned through him like fire. He went to pull off his glove to touch Bucky, but it was too late.
“Just swaying,” Steve mutters.
Lying side by side, Steve’s eyes flitter over his features. His hands cup Tony’s face. “It’s been a long time since we met.”
As the ship rattles and buckles, Clint calls from the cockpit, “We got fire. Hold on.”
Frigga only purses her lips in reply and ushers them back into the house. “We have much planning to do.”
“Do you know the positions?”
“You’d like him to be true to the most intimate definition of Beloved,” Natasha whispered, and he could detect no malice, no sarcasm. She tread lightly, like a ballerina.
“Maybe, I don’t know,” Steve said. “We need to get you into some training as soon as possible. I can get Wong or Doctor Strange to help-.”
“Christ,” Tony says and drops his fork. He reaches across the table and grasps Steve’s hand. “I’m sorry you had to go through that. After the war there’s a lot to be done-.”
The jet lands at a military base outside of Washington D.C..  Steve ignores the details; his mind too distracted by his own weakness and by Tony’s anxiety. He doesn’t show it, of course. Tony knows how to hide his nerves by his eternal cockiness, but Steve long ago learned his tells. Natasha knows them as well. He watches as she categorizes them. Tony tends to rub at his chest where the arc reactor sat. He uses the tips of his fingers and presses deep into his sternum where the fake implanted bone reconstructs the missing bone. Tony also has a habit of playing with his tumbler of whatever his chosen drink is. He doesn’t drink, but spins it around on the table, dragging his finger up and down along the condensation, the taste of the drink long forgotten.
“It will get stronger the more you touch me, the more you touch my wings.”
“T’Challa said he would be your alpha if you need him to be.”
“It hasn’t worked with the other vampires,” Pierce noted and gave both of the researchers a hard, determined look.
“Something like that,” Steve says and eases down on the bed again. This time it doesn’t look like he’s ever getting up as he shudders through the pain.
“After the first day or so, no. They have me working with a team. I’m part of their tactical response along with the Strike team.” He swigs some of the beer.
“Come on, you’ll love it. I swear! I always wanted to sled as a kid, but lord only knows I was sick every single winter. Even the tiny hill in the park where Buck and Arnie used to go, I never made it. Never once. Come on, please!” He gives Tony a pathetic and very manipulative expression.
“Son of a bitch he will. Is Colonel Phillips going to be present?” Tony scrambles to climb out of their little cocoon.
“How am I going to fake date him when-.” The words stick in his throat. He grumbles.
“I’m not asking you to do anything right now. Just give it a chance, okay? Just look at these papers and tell me if you can try and see through it.” Steve pointed to the papers on Tony’s work bench. “I’m not asking for a miracle. I just-. I thought you might understand. After thinking about it -.” He hesitated for a moment before he added, “Last night, I knew I had to come to you and be direct.”
“Yes? He meditates and it’s helped.” Tremendously, Steve wanted to add but doesn’t. Even when Steve had nightmares of the war, Bruce quelled the Hulk easily enough.
“I apologize, Director, how are you today?”
Steve ignores his complaint and moves on to his plan. “I figure we can go down the south portion of the hill. It’s not too lumpy from what I can see and it’s steep enough that we can pick up some great speed. Plus, it’s away from the tree line so that we won’t crack our heads open with a collision.”
“Saving Private Ryan,” Natasha says it as if she’s announcing he won the battle.
Steven hesitates, his cheekbones high in color as he considers Tony. It has been a ritual that every night since Tony took Steven from Nod and bonded with him that he knots him, either in his ass or his mouth. Somedays it’s soft and easy when Tony’s feeling particularly exhausted; other days it’s brutal, hard, and fast with a pounding rhythm and little kindness. Either way Tony always drinks of the gland before the night is through. Tonight, he wants none of that. Tonight Tony is changing.
He's lost himself.
As Steve retrieves the rope from his backpack, the familiar roar of the Hulk echoes through the valley of snow. He wrestles the rope free and gives it to Tony. “Hurry.”
“You never wanted Tony, did you?” He places his mug down on the countertop. He needs to get out and get out fast. He needs the serum to work it’s magic and get Ultron out of his head.
Someone grabbed for his shield and another agent went for his neck.  He crossed parried as an agent went to link a magnetic cuff around his wrist. At some point during the fray, the elevator stopped. Three agents grouped around him, forcing his shackled wrist up toward the metal structure of the elevator. Gritting, Steve yelled out and punched forward with all of his strength. The fibers of his muscles, his bicep, screamed against the resistance. He grunted as kicked, bashing his attackers against opposing walls of the elevator. Rumlow slammed into his back with the shock stick and Steve muffled his cry with clenched teeth. He pounded the onslaught of agents using his free fist and his legs. Like a battering ram, he swung around and smashed his fist into another agent, hearing bones crack and feeling them give way. He used his whole body as a weapon because that’s what he was made to do. A super soldier. Ready to fight. With a break in the battle, Steve jumped up on the wall and pushed his muscles beyond even their breaking point to overcome the magnetic forces of the shackle. It released and Rumlow came at him with two shock batons and his arm held out to ward Steve away.
“I will come to you,” Sam says and he cuts off.
Over the course of the next few days, Tony spent hours doting on Steve until his mate chased him away. “Please, Tony, go to your workshop or something. Make yourself useful. You don’t have to watch me eat every morsel of food.”  He still looked too pale to Tony, but at least he functioned a little more normally. He had more energy, though not up to his super soldier amounts. He could stand up without getting as lightheaded. The synthetic blood did its job and bolstered his blood system, but it was the serum working overtime that would save Steve.
“Be good. Keep in touch, okay?”
Denying his desires became second nature as a young man. It’s not something that’s a foreign concept to him. Being alone and on his own remains his stasis quo. He misses knowing he has someone to come home to. His Ma always worried about him.
Eventually, Steve moved away and the closeness became awkward. He stood up and thanked Tony, excusing himself as he opened and closed his hands as if he wanted to hold onto the moment but at the same time wanted to shove it away. Tony didn’t stand, didn’t get up to move after him. He let Steve go because he had no real words to offer how to make his unease in intimate moments better. Maybe it was because Tony usually laughed off close moments, throwing in a sarcastic remark or quip in order to lighten the mood and cast off the emotional burdens.
Steve quirks a brow at him.
He shivers and waits and sees the empty bench by the lake. He sat there the other day with Steve. They were quiet and calm. He longed to talk to him, to speak the truths that bubbled on the surface. If he didn’t soon, the pot of anxiety would boil over. His courage abandoned him, even after facing down Thanos, facing the idea of laying his heart bare hurt and frightened him. So he had said nothing. He only sat with Steve. Once in a while he saw that Steve peered at him with quizzical eyes and an expression that Tony could only describe as hopeful. Steve was the bravest man Tony knew, and if he never managed to muster the courage to say anything, how the hell did he expect Tony to do it? It is too late now.
CHAPTER 3: ON BOARD THE COURT VESSEL: THE AVENGER
“You’re not sleeping.”
“No, don’t do that,” Tony says. “It’s sweet and wonderful to meet someone so unstained by the world. I want to learn everything there is about you, Captain. I want to drink you in and feel you in my bones. I want to know that when I wake in the morning I’ve discovered everything there is to know about you.”
It’s not at all what he expected.
A chill grips his chest.
Steve scowls at the camera. He cringes as he watches – he knows that look. It’s the same look he gave bullies for years in back alleys when he routinely got beat up. Lord, please tell him he didn’t hit a lady.
He jerked in response and nearly fell on the slippery tile. He acknowledged it. “Thanks JARVIS. Who is it?”
“Thank you. You look like hell.”
“I can’t. Unfortunately.”
“Sweet-pea, there you are.” Thor leans against the door frame. He’s holding a banana (where the hell did he get that) and winks at Steve. “I missed you. Come back to bed.”
Tony turned away and cringed. Natasha studied Steve. Tony watched her and glimpsed a sadness in her expression. “That’s exactly why I can’t trust you. But you could help the coven, Captain, and for that I’m grateful.”
He rocked on Steve’s hard cock. The sensation sent shivers of extra want through him. Steve managed a whimper as he lay unmoving beneath Tony. They’d played around with the paralytic before, and Tony knew that Steve loved it, that he longed for Tony to take him and show him the power of their pairing. “I’d do anything for you, my sun. Anything at all.” Tony lifted his hips and slammed down again as a dribble of drool bubbled out of Steve’s mouth. Steve’s eyes were fully open and Tony bent down to kiss him. “Gonna give you the antidote now.”
“Our Brother, James, is in dire shape. The arm was directly attached to nerves. They don’t have the technology to repair it,” Thor said and then turned to the nurse as if to confirm he’d reported the stasis correctly.
“No time for that,” Coulson says and pats him on the arm. “Just joking with you. Come on lighten up, I have some particularly bad news for you.”
Steve furrowed his brows. “How could I possibly ruin your childhood when I wasn’t even alive. I was in the ice.”
“Okay, I’ll bite. What do you have?”
“Yeah, and the one who also happens to be part of our pack,” Steve said. The anxiety seeped out of him, not only through his constant pacing but also the chords of his soul. It leaked through the waves and Tony wasn’t all that proficient yet to cut it off. “He’s Brother.” Steve pointed to a mark on his arm. “We have to go and get him. He’s probably confused, alone.” What Steve didn’t say remained as the proverbial elephant in the room – that the Winter Soldier was on the loose and now the soul pack was responsible for him.
“Oh come on, you must have some dreams, some family.”
“I’m part of the team, aren’t I? Why wouldn’t I make it?”
Pepper had said that Steve was good for him, is good for him. Tony respects Pepper’s opinion. Over the years she’s been on the side of right more often than not. She knows him better than nearly everyone, but probably Rhodey. But then again, he doesn’t interact with Rhodey as often these days as he does with Pepper.
“So during the day?”
Instead of taking the bait though, Natasha quirked an eyebrow and said, “Tony Stark retired from fame and glory. Never thought I’d see the day.”
“I’m not here to change your designation. I can only help you Tony with the maintenance of the Mantra and the transference. If you don’t want my help, don’t attack me.” A shift of green colored his eyes before he stood up to leave.
“No, my lord,” Steven says. “I have only loved one and that was a long time ago. He’s gone now.”
He sits back when he finishes. “All done.” He wants to sleep. “Those are going to be nasty wounds on your face and on your paws. Tomorrow we’ll try and clean them out a little more. I’m afraid my lack of natural information about plants is working against me. I don’t know anything like King’s Foil around here.” He chuckles but it falls hard. The exhaustion hits him, and Blu pulls him close and cuddles him. Falling asleep has never been as easy.
He wished they would try – he planned to fight them, to resist with every molecule in his undying body. The thought of losing his mind, of living his undead life in a stupor like an automaton, sickened him. It would mean the loss of everything. There would be no way to save Steve. How had it all come to this? Tony recalled how his mother told him stories of the evil vampires. How his father lectured him to stay away from the vampire communities. Even with the treaty, vampires posed a danger to all humans, and their contaminated filth shouldn’t be allowed in any city according to Howard. Once though, Tony had ventured to their part of the city while he was at MIT.
Bruce yanks off his glasses as if they’ve done him an injustice. He drops his hand, lax in his lap. It looks like his glasses might slip from his fingertips. He huffs out a pent-up breath and then says, “You remember when Logan and Steve were in Japan. Well,” he pauses, “Well, Steve called with some questions about other worlds.”
"You're related to him," Coulson says.
“But I thought we were science bros and now you’re mind melding with Grandpa Spangles. How is science ever going to understand soul packs if they’re so insular?” Tony shook his head. He needed to stop. He was never going to be a part of the pack, even as an outsider. “That’s just great. I thought you were on my side.”
“I protected you from the truth,” Steve says. His heart ramps up a beat and he wonders at it. He feels as if he’s balancing on the precipice, as if they are circling one another coming closer to collision. Or something better, something hopeful.
“Well, people still don’t understand the space-time continuum or gravity or universal constants. But they exist.”
The alpha says, “If I stepped over your limits. I apologize. I thought you were a sub omega and wanted to be controlled. You preferred orgasm control, humiliation, and no safe word. Is that correct?”
“Wh-what?” The chaotic soul waves from Bucky crested as they hit Steve – an energy pulse so powerful and potent it shocked him and he clenched his jaw to brace himself, but it didn’t matter. He still toppled, pitching forward off the bed. Bucky’s metal hand caught him and righted him. “What? What was that?”
Blu finds them a comfortable spot slightly up the hill from the small stream. It’s an old hollow of a huge tree. Tony can just about fit into it; Blu can’t at all. The other trees around them offer shelter. It will be enough for Tony to spend time repairing the HUD. It’s going to take more time than Tony would like, but luckily, he’s not an idiot and in the left thigh panel of the armor he built in tools for just this kind of emergency. It is the barest of essential tools but at least it’s something.  He wrenches the panel open and sets out the tools in the tree hollow. He can’t do much tonight; it’s getting too dark.
“Tony?”
“Yeah,” Steve says. “It won’t be a Rembrandt.”
Strange’s hand slips off Tony’s shoulder. “No, what’s in your nature is a survivor. You fight not only to survive but to thrive. That’s what I’ve seen over the last years that I’ve been your doctor. Don’t give up on yourself too soon. You have a very supportive network, there are ways to make this work.”
“Since you haven’t rung him, I can do it. It’s just hanging up a jacket. Back in the day, you’d be surprised. We did it all on our own,” Steven says as he goes to the closet and pulls out a hanger.
“Wh-who?” He manages as he sits up. The room spins a little but swiftly rights itself.
“Would that help,” Tony says and his eyes are heavily lidded, he licks his lower lip.
“In the back, got him on the bed. He’s not good, Buck.”
Tony settled on the couch only an arm’s length from Steve. “It’s weird. We might not be a team that’s been so close over the last couple of years, but the truth is we’ve all been circling around you, haven’t we?”
“Prince,” Steve says.
Tony and Natasha grabbed him, keeping him away from the table. “Don’t, Steve. God! Don’t.” Tony’s voice broke, crackling into near sobs as Steve struggled. “It won’t do any good for you.”
“Together,” Tony said with a nod.
Instead of confronting him, Sam sidestepped the issue. “You sure we don’t need the big guy?” Sam asked as he went through the wings to ensure no damage had been done to them by the Hydra Strike Team. Hill had known where to retrieve them from the bed of the armored truck transport. The wings and Steve’s shield.  “Might be nice to have the big guy for intimidation purposes.”
“Natasha was taking care of most of them. I don’t know.  She sent Thor to the other covens, he can’t help. All hell just broke loose,” Tony said and followed him as they continued toward the elevator bank. A rumble thundered through the house and they stopped, listening. “Fuck, that was fast. They’re here.”
Bucky only nods to Sam and then they take off again. Both of them know they only have minutes before the whole base is on high alert.
“So who is it?” Tony studied Steve. His usual broad shoulders hunched down and his face looked unusually wan, tired, and stricken by the truth. Tony decided to try a different tactic, one that would be blessed by Sorcerer Supreme himself. “Come on, Steve, we’re all in the same pack here. You need to tell me. I can’t help you if you don’t own up to it.” He tried to push calming waves toward Steve, but working the souls felt awkward like he was attempting to dance a complicated routine when no one taught him the choreography. As a novice in the soul bonding knowledge, Tony had a lot to study yet. He really needed that Strange guy to help him out with some more with lessons. “Well?”
Steve acquiesces and everything goes black. Consciousness swarms around him as if he’s fighting to stay in a deep slumber. He relaxes further as a sensation of warmth and ease suffuses through him. He reaches through it as if he’s burrowing deeper into his blankets trying to find sleep that’s ever elusive. What he finds he might later call a miracle, or magical, or even altering. There amongst the darkness calling him down, down, down the rabbit hole is Tony. It’s like staring into the heart of the galaxy, a swirl of light and brilliant clouds. Tony isn’t a simple mortal being, not like Steve – Steve’s not this – not at all. Tony’s spirit uplifts and spreads out like wings on a soaring bird. When he encompasses Steve, the brightness of light and strength pervades through him so that he doesn’t know where he begins or ends. He transforms, transcends his meager mortal existence and he evolves. He becomes one with Tony. It’s more than a friendship, it’s more than a simple love story. It lays him bare, exposed, and brutal in the harsh unforgiving lands of pure unmasked vulnerability.
Well we have only 2 major chapters to go because chapter 17 is only an epilogue.
Grabbing the plate, Steve watches, fascinated by the dexterity and confidence Tony shows as he works to help clean up the kitchen and breakfast dishes. “Well, you do a good job even without the glasses. I’m not surprised you could fool someone.”
to do this alone, I’m saying I have to.”
“Here we go!” Clint cries out and the whole ship lurches forward into hyperdrive. Bucky sags in his chair for a moment, knowing he doesn’t have any time. He needs to go and check on Steve.
He watched her as she left, the sway of her hips, the curvature of her waist. He liked the way she looked, he enjoyed the way his neighbor looked as well. Closing the door, Steve went to the mess in the living room and gathered it up. Maybe Natasha was right. It had been years, decades since he’d really thought about it. He kept it at bay since he woke up. He didn’t go out seeking someone to date. Sure, a few dates here and there with some of the ladies at the office, but there really wasn’t anything to talk about and he was sure once he dropped them home they talked to all of their friends on social media to say how awkward and dopey Captain America was as a date. He stayed off of social media. Going onto it early on during his re-entry into the world made him feel like he was one of those rockets they shot off to the moon and he burned up in the atmosphere
“Yeah, I might have noticed.” Sam dropped the night vision goggles and climbing gear next to the bed.
On the plane ride back to the States, Steve sat next to Tony and spoke to him in quiet tones. He often bowed his head and didn’t meet Tony’s eyes. “It’s hard for me to do this, Tony.” He clenched and unclenched his hands until he spread them out onto his thighs. Tony had remained silent, allowing the space that Steve needed to gather the courage to speak and explain. “I was taught it was wrong. I understand that it isn’t – wrong that is. But when I- when I want to I feel.” He stopped and flinched.
Natasha had looked over to Tony who – at the time – had been sitting outside in the garden of one of the coven’s safe houses. It was twilight and the jasmine fragrance settled in the humid air. When he glimpsed Tony, the heady perfume only intensified the feelings blossoming in his chest. “He’s a young vampire. Too young to be mated. We don’t want to admit it to humans, but vampires at his age long to test the boundaries. Draining someone dry is a boundary we all have to learn not to cross and sometimes you have to learn it by doing it once. By feeling how it is to stop a heart and fuck to it. It kills parts of you.”
“He brags about it, what kind of gentleman does that?” Steve says. “He’s trouble. And he disappeared during the war, did you know that? Supposedly went on some kind of secret mission for the Union, ended up being found like three months later. He didn’t do anything for the war effort after that. He just up and stopped. Privileged rich boy.”
His mind dances between two diametrically opposed views of the situation. The idea of punishing his omega feeds him into the more primal urges of his alpha tendencies. He grew up learning his place, above all others, and he enjoyed it. He might have rebelled against his parents but not against being an alpha. To subjugate and subdue is part of what an alpha requires from an omega, but at the same time the idea of an omega not only driven to fealty and loyalty by the bond but also by an abiding companionship or friendship – that’s attractive. “I’m of two minds,” he confesses. If he cannot tell her the truth, then who can he tell?
“Sawyer, sir. We’ve been waiting for you. All of us. For years now.” He sniffled against the harsh winds from the east and then smiled.
“Yeah.” He scrubs a hand through his hair. “Just hard to orient myself. Don’t even have Dummy here with me to give me directions.”
It doesn’t stop.
“You’re wrong. I control the Soul Realm.”
“Did you?” Her eyes are worlds within themselves and he tears his focus away from her. It’s too potent.
As he sits in the shower, he rocks and denies the tears flowing down his face. He doesn’t want to remember anymore. What Estane taught him, showed him over the years as he grew up… He’d never confessed it to anyone, but one of the reasons he went rogue was because of what Estane showed him. He blanches in the shower, gagging a little.
“Yes, Mer Rogers, I agree.”
“You- you can’t go.”
Tony relaxes back into his chair, abandoning Steve's hand and leaving him feeling vulnerable, exposed, and hungry. Steve coughs once and sits back as well. "I used to getting what I want, Captain."
Tony places the plates with the fries on the island. “Do you want to go home tomorrow?” He knows it’s not a good transition, that Steve just confessed something about his mother, but he needs to know.
Steven licked up along the shaft of Tony’s cock and then peered at him. “I didn’t think alphas really cared these days.”
“Yeah.” He tenderly places his hands on Steve’s shoulders. “He let me do this. Every day for like ten days. It helped – a lot. It grounded me.” He slides his hands up toward Steve’s jaw. “I’m going to touch your face, is that okay?”
Steve grimaces in response and turns to Natasha. Her cheeks are flush, her chemise askew under her bodice. She glares at him and then points to the tray on the bureau. “I brought lunch for him.”
“Steve, come on, you know I can feel you. Even with the Mantra you’ve been saying twenty four seven it’s leaking through. What happened at that dinner you had with Tony?” Natasha watched him, eyeing him with not the softest look, but still kindness.
“Yes, Mer Rogers how may I help you?”
“We are trying it out,” Tony says, though his voice sounds more irritated than pleased about their endeavor. He pauses as he studies Steve. He’d read about Steve as a child, about the way he treated Peggy like a goddess and stuttered around women. On the opposite side of the spectrum Tony knows too much, expects too much. “Well I think lunch is a fantastic idea.” He manages to sound more enthusiastic. He is happy to explore this thing – whatever it may be – with Steve. It’s just this creeping suspicion that he doesn’t have all the data.
“That shouldn’t happen, that can’t happen.” Tony rushes toward it, but then a swooping caw fills the air.
The door opens and Pepper greets him. “Sheriff, it’s nice to see you.”
“Floor, clothes off.” Tony had instructed, and something leapt in his throat. He normally never commanded during his feeding. He had always tried to be considerate to the human, but the man seemed like he wanted to lose himself in the feeding. Tony tried to play the part.
“No, Tony, not you,” Pepper said and he could tell she’d been crying. “Not you.”
Tony runs a hand through his hair, tugging it lightly. It messes up his dark curls and drips water all down his shoulders. “Obie’s going to want to spend a good portion of the rest of the day working on our next steps. He’s worried about Asgard and about Pierce. We also have to shore up the Syns support.” He sighs.
"Tones, my boy, how's the work on the Jericho going?"
“I’m sorry, Tony. I’ve known for a long time. I wanted to try and clear Bucky’s name before I brought it to you. But it’s obvious I can’t. Under the influence and control of Hydra Bucky as the Winter Soldier did this. I’m so sorry.” Steve squeezes Tony’s hand. “I should have come to you sooner. Natasha wanted me to, but I thought Sam and I could find him and help him first.”
Steve tugs one of the many sashes away from Luke and picks a blue one. It will go well with his eyes. “Can we focus here?”
“There’s one possibility. But it’s very risky and we have no idea-.” Wong starts but Strange finishes. “If the virotherapy was a one in a million shot this is a one in a billion shot.”
“Stark,” he repeated and finished off his first burger. Going to the bag, he pulled out the second burger with bacon and unwrapped it. He tried not to remember that dinner with Stark, how awkward and uncomfortable it had been. How Stark kept his eyes trained on something over Steve’s shoulder, so much so that Steve turned around to see if something – a bug or something – was crawling around on the high back of the wooden bench.
"No ma'am, just trying to find out about my friend." He clears his throat. "Like I said on the phone I could make it worth your time."
“Yep, and you’re going to find out if he likes you or not.” Bucky has that conspiratorial tone that always ended up with them in detention when they were kids.
“As you wish, my lord,” Steve says and his eyes never soften.
“Maybe,” Steve says. Clint stayed on as Natasha’s navigator. He looks less hassled and more focused. He’s fairly famous for his invention of the hyper-skip; a maneuver that cuts considerable time off of interstellar travel by days or weeks depending on destinations and locales.
Yet to lay here and stare at the man huddled on the floor, An’Tony knows that he’s farther along the edge of crossing over. He shouldn’t even think about it. He lies back and gazes up at the large canopy rack over the bed. Sleeping in the presentation suite is a mistake. He’s the master and the omega is and always will be a servant. He believes omegas deserve more rights, but the truth is in the biology.
“Found,” Tony said and pressed fingers into his closed eyes until he saw bright lights. Tears ran down his cheeks as he met Pepper’s unfailing gaze. “Captain America. Steve Rogers.” It cracked open his heart and every childhood joy and hope drained out. That waft of a man who’d been tortured and dehumanized for over three decades was his hero. “God, Dad, what did you do?” Suddenly Tony was happy Howard was dead and buried along with Obie – who’d apparently ran the facility long after the Stark’s died in the early 90s.
“I won’t wake her.” Steve leaves Tony to Morgan, their first daughter. Sarah’s only 3 months old and still doesn’t sleep well. Morgan loves her little sister, but they make sure that their bedtime routines are separate, and that Morgan gets time with Steve in the evening. Steve has become the main caretaker of their children.
“Thank you, ma’am.”
Tony rounded up the status of all of the team members through JARVIS. Both Natasha and Clint were out of the game currently, but they were safely with Fury and Hill. Clint would be evacuated but they needed Natasha back, just in case they had a hard time putting the genie back in the bottle when it came to Hulk. Steve and Hulk were literally smashing their way through the ground defenses and would climb the hill to the fortress any minute. Just as Tony thought it, the echo through the bonds alerted him and he spun around in the air to see Hulk lifting Steve up like a doll and bounding up the mountain side. That just about knocked Tony out of the air, but he swallowed down the bile in his throat and buzzed toward their entry point in order to clear the perimeter.
“Don’t say it, Steve. I don’t want to hear it,” Tony says and his hand tenses against Steve’s cheek.
“Don’t tell me you were saving yourself for marriage,” Tony bursts out.
“Something like that,” Bruce said. “Anyway, who knew that the Black Widow loved soap operas, and romance novels? I didn’t. I had no idea. But now that I let that cat out of the bag, she might actually try and kill me. Please, Tony, take pity on me.”
Steve furrows his brows. “Rainbows out my what?”
Tony hadn’t asked what any of it meant, but now he teetered between worlds. His vampire self – crucified and tormented – balancing between life and death, and his newly spirited wraith form. He couldn’t leave. He was sentenced to stay with his body, anchored to his suffering. The vampire near him moaned and cried. The anguish had all but defined her now. In his insubstantial form he peered at the world around him, but it wasn’t daylight that greeted him. The whole of the Earth throbbed and oscillated with the lost figures of the dead. Were they all wraiths like him, trapped between life and death?
“Coming!” He rights his shoulders and marches upstairs, feeling more like a soldier that a boyfriend. He resists the urge to state, reporting for duty captain. Clearing his throat to announce his entrance, Tony smiles and steps into Steve’s room. “So where do you want me?”
That sends Steve over the edge, knowing that he can do this, that his client is happy and pleasured. He clenches down and orgasms sending Sam into his own climax. Once they are finished Sam isn’t ready to leave. In fact, he cuddles up against Steve and kisses his shoulder.
“We can’t wake him,” Natasha says. “No matter what we do. He won’t wake up.”
Tony’s pushing, thrusting on Steve’s fingers, painfully hard now. “Please, Steve. Now, please.”
No. No. No.
“Digitalized. Great. Wonderful,” Tony said. Just what the hell kind of creature did his father create? Some kind of perversion. He blanched but managed not to puke.
Steve stays put. “What are you not telling me?”
“Get set.”
CHAPTER 8
It’s Tony’s voice. Steve looks at the smeared mirror again and the image of Tony completely disappears from view.
Boarding and then strapping in Tony kept his facial expression neutral. His doubts and anxieties were his own. The Quin Jet launched into the gray overcast sky. In a startling moment of clarity, Tony understood why soul packs stayed insular and set apart. It had nothing to do with their perfection and everything to do with their deficiencies. If soul packs faltered, then what happened to the members? He glanced around the jet as Barton deftly piloted it over the vast sprawling island below them. Each and every Avenger harbored some hurt or pain or flaw that could undo all the possibilities that could be accomplished with the soul pack. His thoughts turned inward to his tenuous hold on Steve.
“God damn it, Tony. Stop!” Steve wanted to throttle him, but he hissed through clenched teeth and said, “I need you to pull yourself together. We can figure everything out once we’re safe. And we will get safe, Tony. I promise you that. I promise you!” Reprimanding Tony, stopping in the middle of their flight from the oncoming threat caused a lightheadedness to swim over Steve. He braced himself against the wall and swallowed down the nausea. “We need to get out of here.”
Tony put up his hands and jumped off the stool. “Wait, wait, wait. Don’t you do that. Don’t you think that he’s on some pedestal as well. Because he’s not. He’s a man with a lot of faults. A huge shit ton of faults.”
“He agreed to escort Stark around, be his security guard.”
He scrambled under the bed linens with his tiny flashlight that Jarvis had given him. With a flick of the switch Tony illuminated the small stuffed animal. It had a beautiful mane just the color of a golden sun and a long tail that had a puff of blonde and dark strands on it, but most of all it had the bluest eyes Tony had ever seen. He wanted to know everything about the lion that appeared on the coast of frozen Norway. Tomorrow he would search for books at the library – but he would have to beg Jarvis to take him. It wasn’t library day. It was museum day and Tony didn’t want any of that. Sure staring at paintings might be interesting for old people but he hated to just sit there and not touch them.
“You see this monitor,” Tony says as he yanks off the wires hooking him up to an electrocardiogram. He points to the transparent monitor hanging over Steve’s head. “This monitor is the one you have to worry about and right now, sister, it’s getting pretty dicey in there.”
Steve had acknowledged that he knew first position but none of the others. Tony smiled. “How about we make a game of it? See how many we can fuck in?”
“It kind of reminds me of Star Trek: The Wrath of Khan.” When Steve doesn’t indicate any understanding, Tony hunches forward as if he’s clamoring to let him in on a secret. “It’s original series movie. Khan is firing on the Enterprise and Spock notices that Khan is using only 2 dimensional thinking. He’s not thinking about the z axis in space where he can attack.”  When Steve still doesn’t react, Tony huffs. “It shows a naiveté about strategy and planning. We have an opportunity to exploit here.”
“Know I’m awake, don’t you?” Steve says and he partially smiles. There’s a weariness to his voice but he also feels a new warmth.
It gives Tony the creeps. Eventually he finds his way out of the pentagon. The moment with Pym bothers him like an annoying gnat. He's not sure what to make of the old man. Howard and Hank never saw eye to eye. They hated one another and Pym always accused Howard of trying to control his inventions and discoveries. Pym had been booted out of the inner defense circle, turning bitter. But once Howard died he'd been invited back in, though now that Tony encountered him, he thinks it hasn't done the man any good.
“We actually didn’t expect it,” one of the clinicians said but shut up again when Ross side-eyed him.
“Bi?”
“You can no more promise me that than the doctor can grow Bucky a new arm.” Steve says but his attention drifts away to the darkening clouds toward the ridge of the mountains. Most of the time the clouds would dump their snowy load over the peaks, but it's gathering strength and the wind chills to the bone.
Stepping outside the room, Steve watches from the parlor – as both Pepper and Bruce work on Tony with silent efficiency. It’s plainly obvious they’ve done this before, that they have a routine to their actions. Neither of them speak as they go about their work, they know the routine, they need no instructions. He cringes and turns to leave only to bump onto Jarvis.
“Pick up a pint and drink it, Stark,” Natasha called and jolted him out of his thoughts.
“Barn?” Tony grabbed his luggage. “That does not sound comfortable.”
“We should probably get back. It’s going to be night soon and I’m going to freeze with wet clothes.”
“Seems to me we just take the stone and book it, run for it. There’s no reason to exchange Steve now,” Tony says. He licks his lips as if hungry for the resolution, the stone is so close.
“No screw ups, 70% thank you, and I get to keep my tips. Again, thank you.”
“You still have a headache?”
“You’ll be under house arrest, under my control until we can figure this mess out,” Tony replies. “It’s the best I can do. As your alpha, I have that privilege. Let me do this for you.”
Tony leans in and whispers, “This isn’t going to be nasty, Steve. I wouldn’t do anything you wouldn’t consent to, remember that.”
“I understand that, believe me. Fury might not be the most straightforward fella out there, but I trust him when he says he’ll ensure that it isn’t exploited.”
He wishes he could see the inside of it, but realizes he probably never will. He swallows back his regrets and, as the ramp way hisses open, rights his brain to focus on the present and not the lost hopes of the past.
“I think over the bridge Happy said that the vendors are stationed.” Tony taps his implant. “Yep, that’s where.” He points to the little stone bridge that curves over the bubbling stream.
“Yes, I’ll have Natasha get everything organized for it.” Natasha is Pepper’s assistant now. She rotated through Tony’s employment, but Pepper and Natasha worked together so much better.
He mouths
“You’ve kept all of your clients very happy, Steve. General Fury was raving about you this morning.”
“No,” Tony says and pulls out the wad of cash that’s been digging into his soul the whole day. He shows it to Steve, and then dumps it on the bed. He goes back to the drawings on the wall. “Who’s this? You? Pretty scrawny when you were a kid, huh?”
Tony stops her. “I think it’s time to throw him to the wolves, don’t you?”
“I don’t know what you mean?”
While JARVIS searching for Blu, Tony surveils the countryside. This northern region is far from the metropolitan areas where cities blossom and little can be distinguished from other populous areas of the world. Here large regions of poppies grow to feed the ever-increasing desires of addicts across the developed world. No one can command farmers to plant wheat and other foodstuffs when the products of poppies offer a better paycheck, especially in poorer countries of the world.
“Very funny.” He tugged off his jacket. His bag and concealed shield were tucked up in the overhead storage. Folding his jacket, he stuffed it against the side of the train car and leaned against it, getting comfortable. “While you sit there and get your act ready for vaudeville, I’m taking a nap.”
As Steve leads him out of the workshop and toward the elevator, Tony confesses, “Looks like someone got a few photos of our picnic. They’re making the wrong assumptions, just so you know.”
“It will,” Rhodes replies and escorts Steve through the throng toward Tony.
“I don’t, not really,” Tony said. He gazed into the fire as if finding some comfort there. “He’s the ultimate Manchurian candidate.  I get that, but wrapping it into my head and looking at his face, I’ll always remember what he did to my mom.”
Creeping closer he kneels down and flips his canvas bag onto his back. The walls of the back office are solid up to about his chest and then they are a panel of windows. Most of the windows are stained with oil and grease affording them a coating that blocks all of the light. He crawls around the room until he sees a small window pane that's missing and the light floods out of it as does the sound.
“Hmm, I don’t know.”
“We’re in the lanes of the system. We should drop from hyper-scape by this evening. Drifts will be in three days, tops.”
Pepper glances Steve’s way and then at the newcomer. “Glad you made it, James.”
“Then tell me how you got involved with the V-Corps?” Tony had asked as Steve tentatively picked up a fork and stabbed the steak.
Tony ran around the corner into the wide open space of the prison vestibule with its tall girders and several poles and benches in the center. One of the poles had chains with manacles attached to it. The pole and the floor were streaked with rusted stains. He swallowed hard and said, “Stop. Rumlow. Stop. Captain Rogers, I’m Tony Stark. I’m here to help you.”
“Yes, please,” he sobs and his cock bobs against his underbelly.
Steve’s half hard, but willing to forgo carnal desires for some food. He skipped lunch and the thought of his stomach protesting right in the middle of sex is not acceptable. He holds the prince’s hand and leads him to the table.
“He was a captain in the Union army,” Bucky supplies as Natasha leaves the room with an arched bow and a sarcastic smile on her face. When Steve waits it out, Bucky throws up his one hand and says, “Come on Doctor, we have to leave so the sweet little Sheriff can get dressed.”
“You won’t look sick if that’s what you’re worried about. Don’t you get all the meds you need here?” She cocks an eyebrow at him. She digs out the zippered case with his makeup. “Here use this if you’re worried.”
Steve settles against the pillows and the moments together with Tony rush at him. It’s like a freight train. But that train – that train Bucky fell from – Steve will never forget or forgive himself. “You don’t understand everything.”
Never in his life had he experienced that hollowed out ache. Was it the chasm of space that forced this emptiness to the fore? As a child he experienced loneliness, a kind of social isolation because of his brilliance and his wealth. He used it to his advantage. This ache, this yearning seeded differently inside of him. It gave him a want, as if his body and mind existed in a state of deprivation. It reminded him of being abducted and afraid in Afghanistan all those years ago. As if freedom from it was only a moment away, but it was fleeting and horrible to hope for. He needed a drink. He needed to clear his head of the maudlin mood and get back to himself again.
“I could lose my license for that implant in the first place,” Strange strikes back. “It’s highly irregular. Not FDA approved and way beyond an investigational new device!”
“Spar?”
“Great. Lovely. Mind blowing.”
Panting, Tony came awake in his bed in London, his sleeping pants wet and sticky. He trembled in the bed and wished to hell and back that he was at home with JARVIS to comfort him. He shivered and found his way out of the bed. Crossing the room to the bath, Tony dropped his sleeping pants and quaked. The world seemed inconsequential around him, as if it didn’t truly exist. The place – the dream space – seemed more real to him than anything.
He had JARVIS call up information on Beloved and soul packs. Still a paltry amount and most of it was hearsay and rumor.  As he worked, instead of having the loud and wonderful music of Zeppelin playing in the background, JARVIS narrated the information on Beloved.
“What’s going on? Why are you in my bedroom?”
“No, but I know it’s necessary.”
“Huh,” Tony says and finishes getting out his clothes. He dresses without thought. It isn’t like he’s going anywhere special. They will go up to the bridge level in the forward section of the ship and meet with Jamison and Pep to discuss the Council of Worlds. They should be to the Council planet soon . While he likes space travel and his Court ship is the height of luxury, he truly wants to be at home again.
“So, I hope you’re not too pissed about my little fib.” That’s as far as Tony’s willing to go.
“I think I might be falling for you, Sheriff, I hate to say it.”
“As we indicated, we do things in an irregular way around here,” Stark says and there’s a mystery, lying there waiting for him to tease it apart and figure out what it all means.
“Ten days. But I knew that we probably wouldn’t stay that long. It would be ridiculous to think that we would get that much time off as a team, but I rented it for ten days.” He scrubs each potato like he’s done it a thousand times. Maybe he has, maybe he had a lot of KP duty as a soldier.
“Been doing my homework. I thought you were a big advocate of doing the homework,” Clint remarked as they finally stepped up to the critical care unit.
“You can come in. No one else.”
“Not really just laying around. I’ve been working on a new proto-type to make the tactile function feel more like real touch, as if you don’t have the gloves on at all. So I have the suit to help me figure out what’s needed and what I can dump,” Tony says and finds the helmet on the lab bench. “Let’s finish suiting you up.”
“Look me in the eye and say that,” Bucky prods.
With that question and statement, Steve decides to change his tactics. He’s not falling for the prince. First, that would be ridiculous considering their different statuses, and second, they’ve only known one another for a day. “No, Wanda, I’m not falling for the prince. I’m a freaking professional, just like you.”
“That’s not why I’m with them.” She assesses Steve and her expression wars with her words. “You’re a stupid, stupid man.”
At that moment, Steve cries out, arching his back and quaking so hard he tumbles off the bed. She doesn’t go to him, she only shakes her head and disappears out of the door. Before Tony grabs the door to keep it open, she’s heaved it shut again and the locks fall into place.
He bows a little. “Yes ma’am.”
Bringing the whole bucket to the fire, he ladles some of it into a metal cup and begins to warm it. At least he can flush the wounds. Once the water is warm enough, he brings it to Tony and then looks at the battery and the wires.
Tony placed his stuffed animal to the side and scanned the table of contents. A section of the book covered localities and folk stories that originated during the war. He flipped through the book as Jarvis and Ana settled down next to him, peering over his shoulder. It took a while to find anything about Blu. But he finally did. It was only a quarter of a page including a grainy photo. Due to the quality of the black and white photograph Tony barely made out the image of a full grown African male lion standing in a small fishing village surrounded by snow. Behind the lion, the icy waters of Norwegian Sea. A man named Johan Pedersen had been interviewed by the book’s authors:
As the lightning hurtled across the landscape, the Hulk slammed through the small thicket and pounced on the Legion. In seconds, half of the crew had been dismantled. Tony cursed. “He’s not supposed to do that.”
Is anyone else even home? Clint thrashes and kicks as the fit takes him and Tony clears away the table and pushes the cracked splinters of the mug out of the way. The red headed young woman races out of the one of the bedrooms and spots them. She curses in Russian and comes to Clint’s side.
“I asked her if she wanted to die. She said yes.” Clint looked down at his hands. “She had tears in her eyes. I didn’t know that they could cry, you know. I thought they were these bloodless, mindless creatures. That’s what they teach you. But she wasn’t – she was something wonderful and beautiful.”
“You don’t want to know. But when he gets hungry,” Bruce said and shook his head.
Gathering himself and wiping away his tears, Steve straightens his shoulders and tells JARVIS to remove the starfield holograph. The room plunges back to normal and then Steve nods for JARVIS to allow Pepper entrance. He gets up to greet her. She’s carrying a garment bag and another small purse.
“Yeah, great. This is Clint from across the hall – at Steve’s?”
She looks up at him. “Is that a problem?”
He fell before he managed to get to the safe house. His energy depleted and the sun beginning to rise in the east. He chanced a moment just to glimpse the rays but, of course, the pain shot like spears through his retinas. He slipped inside the Foggy Bottom rowhouse, closed and locked the door. Safe. He hated DC and he despised the rowhouse. The windows were boarded up, making it look like the house was run down and used by addicts in the local area. He rubbed at his eyes before he climbed the stairs to the living room on the main floor. His legs jellied, and he felt like his lungs burned for air. Which was a ridiculous notion. Tony no longer needed air. He didn’t breathe. Vampires, the undead, left the sweetness of a breath, a sigh, an intake of air behind when the world turned preternatural and the eternal lands of immortality encompassed him.
Without a glance at his own chambers or the empty – but nicely cleaned - presentation suite, Tony marches directly to the omega’s rooms. He thinks about knocking, about giving the man some privacy but he has to know. He opens the door and finds the omega not in the simple bedroom, but in the bath. His jacket and blood stained shirt lay on the bed. Steven’s hands are clutched to the sink, arms straight, face wet with water. Ribbons of blood from where the shirt stuck to his wounded skin drip down his back and to the floor. He startles when Tony appears at the entrance to the bathroom.
Alpha runs his hand through Steve’s hair, gently, tenderly. His eyes – so dark and fierce Steve thinks he might be a warrior as well – pierce into Steve’s soul. “Let me take care of you.”
“As I recall it, I consented to you biting me and asked for more.” Steve said and walked back into the room. He had a washcloth in his hands and his chest and face dripped with water. The bite mark on his chest puckered red and swollen. Tony had taken too much this time, it would take a while for the wound to heal. “So, it’s really no one’s fault,” Steve was saying. “Except maybe fate or God, whichever you believe in.”
“Like I said, you need to stay still. And be quiet. I got us a hiding place, but I have no idea where we are right now. Who might be lurking, so to speak.”
“Will do,” he says. She leaves and he retrieves the bag, boots, and then throws off his robe. He finds some nice silk panties with a silk a-shirt just in case, and then slips on the uniform and boots. It fits perfectly. He’s so excited he has to race to the mirror to look at himself. This is what it would be like to officially be part of the Stark Systems, part of the crew, part of Tony’s life – for real. He runs his hand down the sleeve. It’s so beautiful. Part of him doesn’t want to believe in the fairy tale – and the other part (the part that dreamed of heroes as a child) sings.
“You’re not wrong,” Steve says with a smile. Tony hasn’t been here a month and already he’s read the entire town. From Darcy and her flagrant disregard for dress conventions to Natasha in love with two men, to Erik lost in a world all his own, and then there’s Clint and Bucky – who the world would label as cripples. “I’ll give you that.”
“It was just a dream, right?”
“Stark’s a good man,” Steve says and he’s not sure who he is trying to convince.
“You should feel it from this side. Like my insides are on fire but I’m freezing just the same.” As if on cue he shivered and then pulled the blanket tighter around him. “Coming home would be great.” He smiled then, sad and soft. “It would be nice to go home.”
There are only a few things in this world that Tony knows without a doubt. One is his love for Steve and the second is that there are nexuses of time. Realities converge and specific events always take place. Not matter what. There’s nothing for it. The Infinity Gauntlet and the snap is a nexus of time.
He tries with a second match – it happens again. “Shit.”
“Just touching you? Like this?” Steve whispered and stroked his hand down the sun burst around Tony’s arc reactor scar.
“Of course, sir.”
He jolts awake, chills run through him yet perspiration coats him. “JARVIS, what time is it?”
“Yes, of course I did,” Steve says. “I wouldn’t have made the bet if I didn’t know I could win,” He’s always considered himself a strong tactician and strategist.
Steve stood in the doorway with a towel again and glanced at the wound on his nipple and back at Tony. “I don’t have tits. And it will be healed within a day.”
The man holds up his hands in surrender. “I won’t. You saved me. I won’t hurt you.”
Both remain quiet as they climb back to the beach, as Steve comprehends the profundity of what he nearly did to Tony in his moments of weakness. He should leave so that Tony will be safe not only from the evil inevitably invading from the Boundaries but also from Steve. Because anytime, Steve glances at Tony he cannot deny the flush of warmth under his skin or the rapidity of his heart. His brain fuzzes and dims when he thinks of Tony touching him, of touching Tony.
“I have rope.”
“I’m sorry to do this to you-.” Steve started.
“What?” Steve hisses. He fists his hands at his side. “Please explain.”
Steve had read it right. They were matched. As he met Sam’s gaze, the word tumbled out of his mouth, “Companion.” He grunted as the pain shot through him and heard Sam groan in surprise of the pain. Their hands broke apart as Sam gripped his wrist in reaction to the searing through his nerves that Steve knew all too well now.  The brand burned its way onto Steve’s forearm, encircling the other brands but leaving room for others. It was the most intricate, the most encompassing of all of them. It connected to the wrist leader brand but also all of the other brands on Steve’s arm. When he looked over at Sam’s arm he saw a large loop with a weaving pattern throughout it, smaller brands that looked like Natasha’s, Bruce’s, and Peggy’s resided alongside it.
“It is.” She leaves after she tells him he can see Steve once they bring him to a private room.
“A crow?” Steve’s eyes go wide. “You saw it, too. You saw the crow?”
“I guess you can’t judge a book by its cover, huh?”
Tony grabbed the microphone as Rumlow charged the cage. “Stop! Don’t you fucking dare.”  He looked at Pepper. “Don’t let him touch Rogers.” He didn’t stop to tell her what to do. He dashed out of the room and found the elevator again. He pressed the button and waited too long, before it finally rang and he rushed inside of the car. He hit the prison level and the car went to it immediately.
“Long enough,” Tony says. His brow is dripping with sweat and fever. “Leave it. It’s better this way.” He shivers under Steve’s touch.
Tony nods, listening. He keeps his eyes closed.
Natasha settles in her chair, the desk between them immaculate without a speck of dust or article of work. The clear interface reads transparent. She stares at him for a good minute before she steeples her hands and leans her chin into her thumbs. “So, you fell.”
“Sounds great.” Tony has his sunglasses off and his face lifted to the sun. “Tell me is the sky blue, is it a cloudless day?”
“Like hypnotized yourself?”
“No, not at all. Like I said Bucky, my friend, always said I couldn’t hold my liquor. Truth be told,” he clears his throat, “I was a little depressed. I was thinking about someone I lost and the fact I was alone and a friend, a close friend, brought me out. I drank too much. I spoke out of turn.”
“Did you read my mind?”
“Natasha helped me with some of the translations. Some of it I did, and they aren’t as good. My Russian is rusty. This is Bucky’s file when he was in custody of Hydra for all of those years, decades really. How they turned him into the Winter Soldier, how they tortured him and programmed him.” Steve didn’t meet Tony’s gaze. Instead he pointed to different pages as he explained. “Bucky had a serum that Zola had injected in him in ’43 when his unit had been captured.  It wasn’t a perfect replica of the Erskine formula from what I could gather from the notes here. I don’t even think they had the vita rays. But it did something to Bucky. After Bucky fell from the train, he survived due to that serum.. He was found by Soviet troops and taken into custody. Eventually, they moved him to be part of the Hydra experiments. Apparently, Hydra crosses international borders – infests a lot of different countries.”
“I can get them off,” Tony said and picked up the chains that linked to Steve’s wrists. He focused his thoughts and the energy streamed from his chest where the iron rod had once skewered him. Like molten steel it ran along his arms and the chains melted away in his hands. Clint whistled but stationed himself near the door to guard them as Tony shifted to Steve’s ankles. He followed the same routine and the chains fell away from Steve’s ankles.
He reaches out to shift the thing away, but when he touches it, it feels like bone, and flesh, and – he can hardly believe it – feathers. “What the hell, Steve, what did they do?”
Rhodey huffs from a across the room.
An Error in the System
Tony glares but Steve choses not to notice, and Tony uses choses because that man is willing to step all over his feelings. He surveys the huge living room and kitchen of the lodge, with his hands on those elegantly slim hips.
Steve bows his head and flashes of memories, seeing Tony on his hands and knees in the room over the jailhouse begging for breath as his heart assaulted him from the inside come to him unbidden. “No, I don’t think that would be wise.”
Cho did something to him. He doesn’t know what, but whatever she did it’s playing havoc with the serum and with his ability to function. Standing, he grasps the sink’s edge and stares into the mirror. A horror greets him. His eyes are deep wells, his skin sallow and hanging. He closes his eyes, swallows and reaches for the faucet, but before he touches it, he hears a voice.
JARVIS doesn’t comment on his request any further. “Sir, I’ve studied the topography and geography of your coordinates. Are you able to walk approximately 1.5 kilometers to the south? There is a flat plateau that would be an excellent landing space.”
“You don’t need to.”
“What? You mean through the soul bond?” Steve asked and joined Tony on the floor. He pushed the stool away so he wouldn’t sit right on top of Tony, but the closeness as the wind howled outside brought him comfort he wouldn’t vocally admit to at all. He tasted the coffee. It wasn’t bad – it wasn’t good – but it was drinkable. “Kind of. Like I can tell when Natasha is being quiet, keeping anything I told her in confidence. I can feel when Bruce is having a rough day and send him the Mantra to calm down. Clint is new so I’m not sure, but there’s something he’s hiding from us. I don’t know what it is. Natasha knows though, I can tell. And Sam – well Sam brings me a sense of peace and understanding. That’s not to say Sam doesn’t have his rough days. He does. All of us have our guilt and burdens to bear.”
“The soul pack is Steven’s center. Without us, he drifts on waters as if he’s sent to Valhalla,” Thor said in a whisper. “We must pull him back from the edge of the cascades before he falls over and is lost to us forever.”
There’s no answer; if he’s awake at all he’s not aware in his fitful fever. Bringing the device to Tony, Steve imagines it in his chest, checking the dimensions. He thinks it’s supposed to be there, that it would replace the battery and wires.
Steve watches him go without further comment. Crumpling to the bed, Steve releases his hold on the pain and it washes over him. He shivers as it controls him, as the agony of his ravaged wings consumes his consciousness. He needs to struggle against it, fight it, get on his two feet and find out what the hell is happening. But the Boundaries are closed, and Steve cannot hide his wings. He tries, but fails – he wonders if the pain precludes any ability to transmute them. He doesn’t know enough, it’s not that he’s young, or stupid, but that he should have a guide to bring him through the Transformation. No angel should shift through the transformation alone.
He nods and notices some of the most personal pieces from the Richards’ home have been removed and replaced with worked iron and gadgets of varying size and questionable functions. Some of them whirl and spin with a madness that Steve cannot figure. He enters the kitchen and the wonderful smells hit him first before he sees the lovely work counter filled with breads, cheeses, eggs, and bacon. There’s a fresh pot of coffee and a kettle boils on the stove.
“The glamour?” Steve said, and his stomach dropped. A nauseated feeling swarmed over him.
Steve screwed up his face and Tony wondered whether or not the remark about Clint as Natasha’s mate might have something to do with his pensive mood. Whatever the deal with Clint and Natasha, Tony didn’t want it to influence his relationship with Steve. He’d already broken one of the coven’s unspoken rules by falling in love with his mate. Digging into Natasha’s business would get him thrown out of the coven or, worse, sent to stasis like Loki. Inwardly, a shiver ran through him. He never wanted that to happen to him.
“What the hell is happening to him?” Pierce asked. Though his voice was quiet, his tone gave his anxiety and fear away.
“But then maybe-.” He leaves the rest of the sentence hanging because the rest only emphasizes the fact that if Tony and Steve had been together then Morgan wouldn’t exist.
“Don’t be cruel.”
Tony stared at the offered hand. In so many ways the room around Steve vibrated. The differences solidified around him.  In any dream, Tony would take Steve’s hand, hold it, maybe bring it to his lips. Kiss, and then it would lead to touch, and a caress, and more. Steve found himself holding his breath both hungering for Tony to touch his hand and dreading it all the same. For some reason, Steve could both convince himself that he was in a dream and that the reality around him had substance.
“Today, Today-.” He waited as the crowd quieted. “Today, Captain America saved America. Lots of times we like to ignore what’s going on around us. It’s easy that way, right?” He asked and several of the people closest to him nodded. “It’s easy to go along with our daily lives and just ignore that little voice in the back of your head that maybe the Patriot Act might be a little too invasive. Maybe those rules about how the government treats whistleblowers are just for show. We all love to hang out on social media, stream the good shows, find out what’s happening with our favorite teams. And we can do that. You know why?”
He grabs a few towels and thinks maybe some ice will help. Jumping the toilet to get out of the door, he goes back to the main room to find Steve lying on the bed with a hand over his ribs and the other exploring the swelling on his face. Tony bends down to the small dormitory sized refrigerator and find no ice cubes in the confined space. “No ice cubes.”
The lion lowers his brow and then slowly lowers himself to the cave floor, placing his great head on his paws. He looks at Tony and sighs. His eyes are morning blue like the kind Tony remembers from the winter days he spent skiing in Aspen. Up on the mountain, gazing across the ridged back of the Earth, the clouds dotting the sky only accentuated the azure. He’d felt like he was in paradise even in the cold.
“You know this seems like an awful lot of work for a short thrill ride.” His legs might not bend as far as Steve wants them to, but he tries.
Tony trails his hand down Steve’s arm and whispers a simple
“We can fix that,” Tony said and that made Steve laugh.
The color in Steven’s cheeks rises and he demurs, his eyes lowered. The reaction is so familiar, so touching that Tony fights not to respond. It wouldn’t be prudent to do so in the company of his First. He’s always said he would not put on a display of fealty – he’s not barbaric. He might threaten it, but he’s not about to do it.
Steve pulls him in close. “I know.”
“Wow.” Tony smiles at the blue sky. “There’s that story about World War I on Christmas Day.”
Tony presses his lips into a tight line before he releases a breath and says, “Together.”
“How much blood did you give me?” Tony asks.
“It might be best if you let us see, Tony,” Bruce said. “We could help with the noise in your head.” He gestured for Tony to reveal the markings. “It’s the least I can do, considering we haven’t been allowed to see him yet.” The annoyance rang through the bond like a bell struck close to his head. He flinched a little. “You need to let us help you.”
“No, you shouldn’t, but you will,” Fury says and starts toward the door. Steve doesn’t try and stop him, only stands shocked and still and sinking into the memories. “I’m sorry, Cap, if that means anything.”
Steve nods. Logan has always been a loner. Even when he tries to reach out and make attachments, they always unravel on him or he tears them apart, frays them to snap. It’s his way and Steve should be happy that the burden of choice has been lifted from his shoulders. It still fissures something deep inside.
He shouldn’t be doing this, he should still be angry with Tony. Yet, Tony aches through him like a distant dream he cannot remember. Steve wants so much for this to be more than what it is. Steve pauses and looks at Tony, his expression blissful and not strained with the pain and stress that so often accompanies the prince’s features. Steve stands up and pulls Tony down for a kiss. It’s hungry and seeking as desperation runs through him. Pretending this might be something more can only be called a suicidal shot. Right now, Steve throws away caring about it. He chases Tony through the kiss, wanting so much more, devouring Tony with his kiss.
“Like he’s dying,” Bucky muttered and then stepped up to the bed. “What are you doing, Stevie? Why are you still here? We’re all here, together to bring you back.” He reached out and touched Steve only to pull his hand back. “Shit, that burns.”
“Don’t move, don’t move,” Steve whispered and there was a horror in his voice that ate away at Tony’s last reserve.
“I did what I had to do. They’re my family.” Clint said and then stood silently – the darkness around them formed a circle, a barrier against the rest of the world. Tears ran down his face. He didn’t sob or make a sound. “I tried to save Nat long ago. I tried my best. I couldn’t. Not when it meant my babies.”
“He has an army?” Steve gasps.
“I see them. Just a sec.” Steve leaves his side. Tony follows his footsteps.
“It is.” Tony stays farther back from the window.
“I thought you would know what to do, since, you brought, you know Dug home.” Tony thumbs it behind him to the sleeping (admittedly fat) dog on the bed in the corner of the living room.
Shrugging, Steve brings out a small lantern and turns it on. “Well, I knew you wouldn’t think of any type of food or survival supplies. So that’s what I thought of. Most of this will last for as long as we’re in here. I kind of wish I’d thought of something like that for my shield.”
Steve huffs and runs a hand through his messy hair. “You want to know? I bet them, that’s what, I bet them I could take one of their goons and I did. I beat him to a bloody pulp. The least you could do is appreciate it.”
"Damn it."  Bucky knows he should comfort him as he feels the Jedi’s quavering under his touch, but he needs to get them out of here so he needs to remove the bindings now. He grasps Steve's shoulder and says, "Gonna shoot the rest of the chains off."
“Who are you?” Steve says and coughs when he realizes how rasped his voice sounds. It isn’t from being sick, Steve knows but he hopes everyone else concludes it is.
One of the six agents walked over to the weak, skeletal creature on the cross, pulled out a wooden stake, and then removed the iron stake in the heart. He slid the wooden stake into the vampire’s dried form. The wraith standing guard howled though the agents didn’t seem to hear her. A fierce wind blew, and her phantom simply dissipated from the Earth as if she’d never existed at all. The air around Tony’s ghostly form chilled but the wind didn’t affect him. It died away.
It was then everything changed for all of them. Bruce took one look at Steve –in the astral dimension or the real one Steve did not know – and a green flash hinted across his eyes and face. He smirked and then turned back to the rebellious soul. An image of Bruce and the Hulk superimposed against one another and then the Hulk howled out his anger and the energies trembled, the chords shifting together in a tight knot with the pack.
“I could.” Admitting that felt like he’d lifted a boulder up a mountain. “I can’t say that it would be easy for me. But I would. You have to give me room to figure it out and to stop with the teasing.” Steve fixed his eyes on the fire. He didn’t want to show his shame at the pain he felt when Tony used that sharp wit.
Steve chuckles as he walks over to join the prince. “Part of my job is to remain mysterious.”
“Good.” The leader snaps his fingers and the soldiers walk to the door, waiting for him. Then the leader says in a low voice. “Good.”
“The Chair. No. Not a chance. I saw what it did to the last person who sat in it. No thank you,” Natalie says and leans back. “Spector was a good man, but he had too many ghosts haunting him and he lost his omega because of it. I don’t intend to do that. I’ll stay with my wayfarin-.”
“You’ll met him,” Steve says and he leads him out of the office into the street. It’s coming into late October and the wind is strong and harsh. Going to the ranch will be treacherous and questionable. Travel across the plains and through the mountains is avoided at all costs as the weather turns. Luckily, the weather has held and they’ll be able to get to Schmidt’s ranch house without an issue, coming back might be another story.
“I don’t know exactly. I think it has a lot to do with the state of my mind at the moment. If I think coagulant, that’s what my feeding gland excretes, I suppose.” Tony mused about it before but never gave it a great amount of thought. Biochemistry mixed with the supernatural wasn’t his cup of blood. The only thing his undead body produced came from the feeding gland. “It’s weird, I suppose.”
“Does that mean it works with us as well? I don’t want you to be disabled if the Red Skull decides to play with his food first,” Steve says and reaches out to grasp Tony’s hands. The calluses are still there from years of inventing, working tools, and changing the world. Steve runs his fingers over them, a map of trials and pain.
“It works for you and for Rhodes. Everyone else-.”
Pep tries to interrupt but he raises a finger and says, “Check the history of Carbonelli family.”
Stark grabs his wrist and tugs him down. “No, Sheriff, don’t leave. Things are just starting to get interesting.”
as someone less. He discriminated against himself. Told himself, he is less because he cannot see. Never in all the years before the accident had Tony ever considered the idea of being below average, less.
Scott is a goofy ball and Steve has no idea how he succeeds as a sex worker until he watches the women leave the pods laughing and smiling. Often times, Scott enjoys pranking the other workers and Natasha tolerates it. Steve’s surprised she has such a long fuse, but he suspects the fact that Scott keeps a certain sense of comradery in the ranks helps his case.
Once Steve left, Tony cleared up the mess and headed to the shower. He finished in short order and then crawled into bed, not bothering with his tablet or checking in with the company’s R&D department. Sleep called him and he answered it.
“Maybe you’re getting some of my nerves in a feedback loop?” Steve suggested. He really hoped no one in the house could feel them.
“Not the mating blocks?”
Tony very much doubts that but decides not to press the point. He crosses his arms over his chest, doesn’t sit down, and knows he’s radiating confrontational prick. “So, you got anything that can help us out?”
“And where are you going, Friend Tony?”
Steve only bites his cheek and pushing on, walking past Happy to get to the lounge that the luncheon had been held in earlier in the day. The station is quiet now; it’s officially night time hours. Though many of the inhabitants on Prime don’t adhere to the standard hours, some do and the crowds usually thin out. It’s no exception tonight, only a few scattered groups of people pass them.
“What the fuck?” When he spun around on his heels, he saw only the pitch-black night. If he attempted to step away from the spotlight, the world adjusted, shifted and he was once again walking down the pathway of light. He had a choice. Fight it and go nowhere or go with it and find out what the hell was going on. Maybe he’d gone nuts?
Doing so now, though, would be wrong. His whole world fell apart. He twisted it and the strain frayed it until it could no longer withstand it. “I can’t ask that of you.”
The Red Knight sighs relief and smiles. “Welcome home, Steve.”
"My friend. He's in some trouble, nothing for you to worry about but he's ." He stops. He's not a spy. He doesn't know how to do this. He switches gears and, while he cannot tell the whole truth, he’s going to skirt really close to it. “Do you know who Captain America is?”
“Let’s give him a call,” Tony says as Bruce tries to go through the basics of time travel and reality hopping with Logan.
Tony sighs and hangs his head. “There’s no stopping you, is there?”
“This one. I want this one. Write him up.” Tony says, knocking on the glass. “He’s the one. He’ll be my omega. He has to be. There’s no other way around it. He’s already mine.”
“We will.” He sounded too confident to Steve. “Were you affected by me?”
I want to thank everyone for their outpouring of support for this story. I truly thought it was on its last legs and it should probably be put out of its misery, but you proved me wrong! So I want to thank you and tell you that I so appreciate the words of support not only for this story, but for my participation as a Stony fanfic writer. I still think it is best that I will stop doing WIPs (after FoN and Code of Silence) and only post full stories to AO3. It's just easier for me mentally and decreases the anxiety. I hope you are ready for some great angst, great hurt/comfort and even some fluff pieces - because I am!
“Oh,” Steve says, and he tears his focus away from the metal and steel scraped sky beyond the windows. “That’s what you need me for. You need someone-.”
“Will you? Will you let me taste you?” Steve said and the blush to his cheeks heightened.
“Catastrophic? Tony, really, that’s not good at all,” Rhodey comments and there’s that disappointment laced in his voice.
“Hank Pym and Janet Van Dyne, my wife and my partner in all things scientific.” He stands to stretch out his hand to greet Steve.
“Well, that must be one great dream because he won’t wake up,” Tony says.
“How does it feel always like the first moment?” Steve moves to kiss Tony. His lips are firm but give way easily as they explore one another’s mouths.
His heart stills. “About?”
For moment, Tony thought the guard might draw his weapon but he stayed relaxed, at ease – and that concerned Tony even more than an outright attack. What the hell was he planning. “Do what you want. I’m free of the Movement. You and your fascist organization can go to hell.” He looked at Happy. “Go.”
“Not yet, most of it is roughed in with circles and lines. I’ll do some more but you can leave if you want.”
“Don’t you get it? I didn’t ask you to do this, I was having an honest conversation with you. Do you want to be punished? Is that it?” Tony wants to rip into Steven, to dress him down and scream and pitch a fit – but that would just prove Steven’s point all over again. He heaves in a few breathes, exhaling them noisily. “Okay, fine. I want an honest conversation with you. You are fucking brilliant in the Council room. You show up every other omega. You bring them to shame.”
The prince is something different –he can only describe it as a sensual response. The prince’s body moves and reacts to Steve’s ministrations like an instrument being played. Taut muscles sing under his hands and then release as he strokes and touches. Each time, Tony lets out the most beautiful gasp of air that sends chills down Steve’s spine.
Part of Steve’s ashamed, because Tony’s artful in his techniques of giving fellatio. And that’s what it is fellatio – Steve gives blow jobs, not this – not this feeling that centers all of Steve’s blood and nerves at his groin.
Rolling his eyes, Tony shakes his head and says, “Penny, get off the line. I need to talk to Jo-Jo.” He assigned Jo-Jo as the AI to assist and watch over his new omega. He doesn’t want any lip from Penny. She can be a jealous little bitch sometimes. As he walks to the lift, Penny answers him.
“Sure. I think that would be great.” Maybe a walk in a park will take away the persistent ache in his chest about Bucky. “I’ve never actually been to a park. I’ve been to virtual-expos but not real parks.”
“What?” Steve goes to yank the glasses off, but Tony blocks his hands.
Tony gazes at the man, studies him. He reaches out with his bare hand, cupping the man’s jaw, his cheek. He sees it in his eyes; he knows those eyes anywhere. “Blu?”
Tony grabs his hands and brings them away from his face. “Hey now. This isn’t going to be easy. Like you said, you were a lion for most of your life.”
“Nearly ten.”
He relaxed a degree and Tony coughed out a laugh. “No, you don’t have to do the big guy.”
And then Tony shifts. His whole fist slides in and it takes a moment for Steve’s hole to acclimate, but it does and it sends vibrations of hellish need through him. He’s damned because he loves it so much. He’s choking back the throbbing need in his belly, in his groin, in his ass. “’m gonna come.” Tears streak his eyes. Tony didn’t want him to come – not yet. He has to stop it.
“Then make love to me, Tony. Because I know – even though you try and deny it every day – I know you love me.”
Tony waves at him. “I’m going to try and talk you off the edge again later, Obie. But for now, let’s enjoy the company and the meal.”
“Tony, you have to go. If you have another seizure it could do real damage. As of right now, we don’t know if there is any damage-.”
“I don’t see how Rogers would have anything to do with killing Fury. He’d only do something like that if Fury was dirty,” Tony said and had known that it would be more than that. Fury would have had to cross a line, a line deep in the sand that would cause Cap to be a party to killing him. “Can you find out what’s going on?”
“This is where I get off, Steve.” Clint bites his lip and holds out his hand.
“Don’t, Tony,” Pep says. He spots the tears welling in her eyes but ignores them. He’s not ashamed of being an alpha. He can’t be. The way of the society and science has established the superiority of his nature. He won’t live hindered by it.
“It wasn’t him,” Natasha said, and those words echoed the ones Steve had stated to Tony on numerous occasions. He needed to heed the words and quell his conflicted feelings that boil to the surface. As pack leader, all he wanted to do was protect his own – but as a mated soul he understood the need to protect the bond. Plus, his history with Bucky just made everything murkier and difficult to manage.
“Oh I’m sorry, dear. I can read it to you if you want?” Tony guesses by the woman’s voice she is probably older, in her early sixties.
“Yeah,” he hisses as Tony starts to feel his ribs. “You let him do this so you can get a huge payoff?”
“I’m only doing this for your own good,” Bucky said, and he pulled back his left metallic arm. Steve heard the whirl of the gears and the powering up of the fist. He wouldn’t be able to block it; he barely stood a chance to stay on his feet as it was.
Tony’s gaze pops over to her. He didn’t realize he’d been staring at the platform, hoping against hope Steve would appear. “What’s that?” He hears himself say.
As Tony stares at the families he realizes one person has been starred. “Who is this?”
Tony recalled Steve defending the Maximoffs. saying how when the bond snapped into place and they connected, Steve felt an estrangement from the young woman of desolation and loss. It came down to the fact that Stark’s weapons led to their parents’ death. He might not be directly responsible for the deaths, but somehow, he still felt the pain. He excused himself and slipped out before Steve could call him back. He walked down the steps of the back porch and wandered toward the fields.
Tony stared at the empty space, the restaurant which had seemed so cramped felt open, exposed, barren. He glanced down at the table and only a pit, a chasm, yawned open like the abyss. They were no longer in the restaurant but in that void place between dreams and nightmares.
There really couldn’t have been enough time to fix the upgrade and ensure that Tony wasn’t going to have seizure. Steve assumes that Tony had been able to restore the previous version. It means that Tony has to deal with migraines. It won’t be easy.
The brush of his hand, his flesh hand, on Steve's shoulder startles him and he jerks. That's when Bucky hears the scrape and clatter of chains. Of course the Skull would tether him even in his weakened state. Yet as Steve begins to move and moan something else clunks and scratches at the cold stone floor. It sounds heavy and thick. That's when Bucky sees it as Steve moves his head into the light. He can barely turn his head, barely shift and get comfortable. Because the thing wrapped around him, caging him looks like his own private hell.
Once inside the helicopter the medics insist on taking Tony’s vitals. It isn’t easy to get Tony to agree, he’s agitated and short tempered. As the helicopter takes off, Steve’s worry ratchets up. When he quizzes Tony, he only gets short clipped answers. It’s no use trying to find out if he has a headache, if he feels any aftereffects of the seizures. The medics are barely able to take his pulse and his blood pressure.
Getting down to the workshop, Tony presses himself up against the wall in the hallway. His eyes prickle with tears, but not from the memory of death – from the realization that he longs for Blu, he wants Blu. Blu is more than a lion to him; Blu is his soul companion. It terrifies him. He’s fucked up. He’s in love with an animal. He chokes on bile and races to his workshop locking the door.
“I had dates, Tony.” Steve sounds exasperated with Tony, but not only him but probably the rest of the world as well.
“It isn’t for you?”
Tony waits as the scent of the ocean along with the pine trees mix. In his blind isolation, he welcomed the feel of the world around him. He needs it to ground himself, to place himself. “You know when we first met, I told you my circadian rhythm was really screwed up. It’s not only that, I get disoriented about where I am sometimes. I depend a lot on people, how they react and how they interact with me. You’ve been very grounding, Steve. I just don’t want you to think I don’t appreciate you, see you.”
He studied the light; in his mind he called it a beacon. He heard the distant sounds that reminded him of the hospital. Was he back in the critical care unit in his own Tower? Had JARVIS called for help? Did he have the heart attack he’d been fearing for years now and never articulated, even to himself? Was the light -
“You need to talk?”
Thor said. “Heimdall told me of your need. And, for now, I am here for you, Steven.” He clasped Steve to him in a bear hug that even made Steve look small and frail. In some ways he was fragile and Tony only cringed inwardly as Thor jostled Steve. “My brother, my friend.”
“Steve. Steve?”
A large man with the deepest most beautiful tones of color gracing his skin greets them as they enter the shop. He wears a pale peach suit and a broad smile. Grabbing both of Steve’s hands he says, “The famous Steve Rogers. I hear great things about you.” He winks and says to Clint. “I might find my way to the brothel to visit sooner than I thought.”
“And so, you give up your Queen?” The figure of Tony sheds away as Ultron’s metallic body appears. He steps closer to Steve.
“Bucky?” He wanted to ask what had happened. How it had happened, but the look of absolute disdain on his friend’s face stopped him. “What’s goin-.”
“God, I think I have to go take care of this,” Tony said as he pressed the heel of his hand into the crotch of his pants.
“This isn’t the way to get a college degree Tony.” He’s saying one thing but doing the complete opposite. He’s got Tony turned around, standing facing the desk, jeans tugged down around his knees.
Steve kneels next to him, pushing away a chair with sheer force of will to ensure that Tony doesn’t hit his head against the leg. He rolls Tony to his side and turns to Vision. “How long? When did it start?”
When the entered into the private room with its bare cot and blank walls, the gray paint closed off everything else even the beating of his heart. The words, all the words fell out of his mouth and he lost them. Gone. What could he say? What did he say? At that moment, he never missed Peggy more – even though Thor had taken her place as Guide no one could truly be Peggy Carter to him. No one.
Tony stepped away. “This is about the family and the whole gay thing again?”
The vendor walks up to them and places a tray with steaming containers of soup and a plate with breads, cheese, and butters. A thermos is also set on the blanket with mugs. The vendor nods to the prince and then whistles as he leaves. Steve cranes his neck to watch the man leave.
Clint narrowed his focus to the outside as the rain poured across the landscape. Blurs of street lamps and car headlights flickered over them. “Some say it was a power thing. Others say it had to do with the immortality thing. People were really pissed about that. I mean, everyone suspected it, but it wasn’t confirmed until in the late 50s.”
“Well, whomever I should thank, keep it up. It’s working.” She leads him to her office, tells him to sit, and then closes the door behind him. Once she takes her seat at the desk, Natasha leans forward with arms folded on the desk. “I want you to know that you’ve done a perfect job. I also want you to know that a very special client is coming, and you are going to service him for the entire time he’s at the station.”
“Oh well,” Steve said and then he exhaled. “Time for reality.”
Steve smiles and Tony hates the fact that he feels all the more right with the world because of it. They order Thai, though it is far too early in the morning for hot pots and pad Thai – Tony doesn’t care. He gets three orders of pot stickers. They head up to the deck as soon as the meal is delivered. It’s 10:30 in the morning. They have two hours until all of the last testing is done on the nanites. Two hours before they are disentangled.
He takes the glasses off and a headache pounds like a sledge hammer in his face. What has become of him? Age and disillusionment didn’t turn him into a tyrant, did it? “I wanted Steven to like me. I wanted him to trust me. What did I do?”
“What I think, Rogers, is that you should stick to your own business,” Natasha says as she turns his attention to Bucky. “You don’t get to tell me to do something, I can’t do when you won’t even-.”
“Bruce?” She crinkled her nose and then frowned. “I think he’s down on the research floor you assigned him. I don’t really know. Am I supposed to keep tabs on him? I can have JARVIS assigned to it.”
“This is the vita ray chamber that Steve Rogers was placed in during the injection of the serum.”
“To Steve.” There, the truth laid bare, naked yet at the same time too potent. “He believes in me. What’s going to happen when those two, the twins, tell him that the reason their family is dead, the reason that their country is wrecked, the reason they went to SHIELD or Hydra, whatever. The reason they were captured is because of me.” Tony scratched at his hair, wanted to tug it out. “Hell, I want to hate Barnes. He killed my parents, but I killed their parents.”
“Do you go?”
“As an Army Captain I was required to carry up to 120 pounds. I could probably do about 180 or so. I could carry you, Mister Stark.” Tony doesn’t fail to notice that Steve scanned him with a quizzical eye before responding.
Bruce hollows out a cheer and rushes for the platform. Steve has been forgotten. Massive green gray arms wrap Natasha in a hug nearly smothering her. She smiles and there’s laughter. The sounds around him choke the hope out of him and Tony teeters. Natasha pushes away from Bruce and looks around as if she’s searching for someone.
“I suppose you can call it that,” Steve says and forces his voice not to turn into a growl.
“He’s not dead, I know he’s not, I can feel it.” The strange thing is – Tony isn’t lying and he’s not exaggerating. It feels like an afterthought, an echo of the past reverberating in his head. He cannot place or explain it. It’s there, ever present.
“It’s weird.”
“What does that mean?” His gaze went to the ceiling of the medbay. He feared looking at her, seeing how that question affected her expression. He didn’t want to see her eyes close off and her mouth thin set against revealing too much. “Is it just another name? Or is Tony really something different now?”
“Dessert?” Considering that the prince liked the interruption, Steve figures they’re not continuing their dance to the bedroom for dessert.
“Minutes.”
He decides to keep it simple. “Steve’s Cap you know.”
“Not sure I want little robots in my body,” Steve mutters but then realizes what he’s just said and to whom he just said it. The prince has an armor that he stores in his body, somehow due to his augmentations. He scrabbles. “No offense, of course.”
“This is what my father always wanted,” Tony says, his voice somber and pained.
“Of course, you did, old man.”
“St-.” He thinks better of it and then says, “Blu?”
Steve interrupts Clint. “We’ll need to go after him.” It’s no use for Thor to go after Loki; their feuds are legend and bringing his brother back to town won’t be easy. Loki can be volatile and unpredictable and dangerous – all rolled up into one very intelligent man.
Cupping Steve’s hand in his own Tony grasps the slack fingers. “I don’t know you. Not like I want to. When you came to me asking for a chance, I thought you were cute, adorable in an innocent, naïve kind of way. But I have a feeling you were never naïve at all. You know something, you knew this would happen, didn’t you? You were trying to speed things up. Always asking things that didn’t seem right.” Tony finds he’s sniffling. “What’s going on Steve? Why is this happening?”
“Like I said, I have to wait for his move.” Tony slumped into the couch. “I kind of feel paralyzed. I’ve never felt like this before, not when it comes to getting the guy – or the girl. Always went for it. Now I’m scared shitless that he’s gonna run, that he’s gonna be terrified if I make a move. With the complication of the pack – it’s just too much.”
Part of him might be horrified by his own actions, by his own words. But as an alpha - especially a prime alpha – to deny his nature would be to deny self. The omega only hints at understanding with a fine tremor of his shoulders. Tony lets him go and the man goes to his toes, a hard maneuver considering the spreader bar. He holds back the orgasm though and Tony’s pleased with it. One boundary forged.
As Tony watched, Clint dropped his gaze to see their captain under Tony’s thrall. Steve remained attached to Tony, kneeling, very nearly keening his submission. Tony felt the vibration of his need to moan, to show his station through the release of pheromones. He was sure everyone in the conference room smelt it too, though Thor might not recognize what it was. Eventually, Clint only shrugged and turned away. His senses weren’t as strong in the pheromone department being a Neutral or Neut as many called them. Luckily, his casual nature also allowed for departures from the norm.
“Different functions?” Lord, he is going to be servicing more than the prince. He blanches. He’s not one for that kind of thing at all. “I’m not really – I don’t really want to service more than one person at a time.”
The man with a riot of dark curls and soft eyes puts a cool cloth on Steve’s forehead and then reaches to peel back the wound dressing. Steve startles but another voice, one Steve cannot place, chimes in, “Let the doc do his work.”
Bruce and Natasha shared a look that somehow resonated in Tony’s head. He furrowed his brows as he watched them in their silent communication. Natasha answered, “Tony Stark, this is Sam Wilson. He’s part of Steve’s soul pack.”
“I didn’t do anything.”
“Stark this better be good. I’ve been waiting over a half hour.”
He wept quietly, profoundly until it felt like the day might die around him and life itself might flicker out. He cried until a hand touched his shoulder and he felt the spattering of rain on his face. He mourned until he opened his eyes to see Steve not dead and motionless in his arms, but holding him and kissing his temples.
Bucky whistles to Redwing and the bird leans over and taps the ear bud. “We’re coming, but I’m not sure we’ll get out.” He can’t explain the situation adequately for Sam to understand.
This causes Tony to beam. “You and me both.” He offers his hand to Steve as he climbs to his feet. “I think a stroll will be wonderful.”
His wings expand outward and Tony drifts away from him, wading into the waters. Steve spreads his wings as he kneels into the water. The splints only a minor hindrance, his wings lie on the surface of the waves. The water runs over him, like a blessing. It washes and cleans, the sores and broken bones ease as the pain melts away. It cools the fever of healing. He sinks below the surface for a long minute until he breaks the water’s edge and allows the ocean to take him.
Steve makes a small startled click with his throat; he must have tried to muffle his shock. “Okay. Sorry.” He offers his hand and leads Tony from the dock to the shore. He doesn’t remark on his sudden about face. He helps him with the helmet and then climbs onto the motorcycle.
“Are you sure it just isn’t jealousy. Losing the love of your life can make you do stupid things. “ He rubs the back of his neck and adds. “I lost my dog once-.”
"Christ, it's your dick. You're staying here for a hot piece of ass."  Obie swears again before adding, "I don't care where you put your prick, Tony, but you have fucking responsibilities." He stops to visibly hold back his tirade. Inhaling and then expelling it, Obie says, "You gotta know I have your best interests at heart. Come back to California. Bring the hot piece of ass with you. I don't care. Just get on track, my boy."
“I know,” Tony says. “But we have the whole day to get ready for my meeting tomorrow. I think asking you to shepherd him around is just asking for trouble. He needs to learn this from me. Anyway, I’m hungry. I’m sure Jarvis has something prepared for lunch.”
Tony barked out a laugh. “Sure, you did, pal.” His feast for tonight was far too young to have fought in World War II. He bent down, too hungry to stop himself, and he bit into the man’s neck.
“Just my luck,” Tony whispered and slugged back the drink. It burned more than it should. He poured another but this time didn’t worry about measuring.
He puts the stray thoughts away. “Thank you. I think that’s good.” Talking hurts. “We need a heat source and some food.” His bag becomes his reprieve from the feelings threatening to interfere with the mission. Long ago, he might have had a chance, a real chance with Tony, but that was before the confession, before Tony stopped calling him Steve.
INTERLUDE I
. “Maybe start with this one.”
“What does that even mean?” Tony demanded. He swore his pulse shot up to dangerous levels. His temples pounded. “Who is he? How the fuck long has he been here?”
“I’m not sure that’s the point of everything, Obie. But I really do sense that we’ve made significant progress on gelling the factions,” Tony agrees.
Clint only met Steve’s gaze and said nothing, but the ruin of his face said it all. Steve wanted to give him some relief, tell him it would be okay. But that would be a lie.
“You told me that he killed them. You knew!” Tony says and a flash of anger rushes through his features.
“I don’t need to-.” Tony said but Steve only growled while Bruce joined them. It was then that Tony felt the heat in his mark and that he glimpsed that both Bruce’s and Steve’s soul marks pulsed a red beat.
As Steve climbs to his feet, Tony follows him. “I suppose the rest of the day is awash, Sheriff? And I so wanted to bring to your attention the subject of my payment for services rendered.”
“Yes, Tony.”
Tony swallows hard and yanks off his hoodie. He’ll get this part over with as quickly as possible. Tossing the hoodie, he unzips his pants.
“What? So this payback?” Steve snaps.
“Anything you wish, Tony. Anything,” Steven whispered and the poignant expression nearly tore into Tony’s tarnished soul. The use of his name, instead of my lord, pierces Tony through and he shivered in response.
“A man named Baron Wolfgang von Strucker,” Maria answered and pointed to the tablet. “Some intel puts him in Eastern Europe during the last of the Cold War, even in North Korea after that. More recent intel links him to Sokovia and some small cells of what might actually be Hydra. There was a small covert SHIELD operation there.”
“I hope so,” Tony whispers to no one.
“Understood.” The last thing he wants is for Natasha to lose her license with the Guild. That would not do. She runs the best Brothel on Prime Station – other places are like chattel. Natasha respects all her workers because she thinks of them as workers and employees not indentured servants or worse.
“I would suggest that you use Stark and Barnes as your markers. They would be closest to Captain Rogers,” Strange directed.
Clint, with arms crossed, frowned and said, “Lots of chatter. Media reports are linking Steve up with probable vampires. You’re one of them. They’ve been hounding Pepper Potts and your friend in the Air Force.”
Steve cursed but it came out muffled.
“Imprints know.” He shrugs, looking at Tony through the bars of his cage.
He signs to Steve but he also speaks. “What’s going on?”
“Do you know how to do that?” Tony asked.
“Just go. Go.” Tony fell against the back of the elevator, panting and sweating. Sweat ran down his temples, wetted his shirt. Yet, he shivered as he tried to catch his breath. The elevator started to move, going up toward the Tower’s penthouse apartment. He wanted to thank God, thank JARVIS for reading him so well. He stood, leaning really, against the back of the elevator, his body jolting and jumping as if he suffered a seizure. He cursed. “I just want to rest.”
“Okay, then, who are you all?” Steve scratches at his healing wound, and waits out the shifting glances. “You there, in the back, who are you?”
“In order to find out what the main security issues are I need to know what all the players are doing. You can’t command soldiers without knowing the battlefield,” Steve says.
“You could have at least changed it for Barnes,” Tony whispers and there’s an edge in his tone that implies the consequences of that decision.
Silence drops quiet and foreboding before Tony clears his throat and says, “How are you feeling? Do you think you can get to your feet?”
“I couldn’t exist without you, not with the whole of humanity around me. I couldn’t pick death because it felt like a cop-out. Like I was trying to escape my fate. Now,” Steve whispers and closes his eyes as he leans against Tony. “Now all I can do to stand being apart from you – all I can do -.” He can’t finish his sentence because there’s no end to it, there’s no way to escape his need to be this close to Tony. Touching always.
Tony nods and gently lowers Steve into the device. It feels a little more like being in a coffin than a cradle to Steve and for a moment he thinks of the crash. The icy water rushing in after the plane hit the snowy landscape – the force of it knocking him over, sucking the air out of his lungs. It is too much. He intends to push Tony away, to climb out of the cradle, but nothing happens even as he moans. It’s too much. He spent all of the rest of his energy.
“And a guy I knew – well, he went into it and it worked out well for him. Got him off the settlement. I’d heard the Prime Stations were great for money and for the whor-the sex worker positions. Real protection, real respect. So, I signed up.”
“At your service, old man.”
“Exactly. I’m here in this charade of a marriage like you said. You saved me from whatever was going to happen at that quasi-government facility. I appreciate that. You see me as doing nothing. I’m not worthy of this, or you. I watch the news and see what’s happening and I’m sitting here, trying to figure out how the microwave works, or how I used to shave. Oh is this what it feels like to be human? All the time I’m- haunted, isolated, anxious?” He throws a pair of jeans in the bag. “You don’t see me as valuable. You see Blu. I’m not going to sit here and do nothing. I’m going to prove to you that I am Blu.”
And that only served to piss off Tony more. He did not want to be in some cherished special space. He knew that he would just ruin it. His life was about protection. He had a lot to make up for and so he didn’t want to be designated the delicate flower of the bunch. Tony Stark, a man who at one time could literally blow up the world several times over, was not the weeping willow of the bunch.
“Are we still in play?” Tony asked and then he saw it – in the courtyard of the fortress. The girl and her brother with someone else -someone fighting tooth and nail against the Hydra forces. “’Cause I have eyes on Family and I think Brother.”
“Tell me what this means?” Tony finally said as they both hunched over the table in the booth. The red and orange colors of the café irritated his already fried brain. Lamps that looked like rejects from the 1970s hung over each table. Fake red leather cushions lined the benches of the booth. He gagged a little at the bright orange color of the Formica table top. He had an orange Audi that didn’t puke the color as badly.
“It’s good your mom had someone,” Steve had replied.
Instead of getting testy about it though, Tony just grins. “Child it is.” He sprays more of the whip topping into his mouth. “Your loss.” Most of the topping spills out of his mouth as he speaks. He laughs and then wipes his mouth with the cloth napkin. Steve never had cloth napkins when he was growing up.
“In the middle of hell.”  The cloth moves down to his back and Steve startles, comprehending both that he’s lying on his stomach and that the man is touching his back. As if on cue, the man says, “You got some remarkable wounds here. I have no idea how this happened. They’re not bullet wounds, or any other kind of shrapnel that I can tell. Right now, I think I’m the leading authority on embedded bomb casings.”
The overwhelming impact of the events blinded him to what Natasha and Clint had in mind as the elevator rose. Several minutes went by as it computed in his head. They were going up. They’d said they were going up. He embraced a lax Steve in his arms and shook his head.
“This is interesting,” Estane says as he observes the fight. “Do you know they’re all my omegas. From my Stall. I bet you thought I came with no one, no Omega at my side. You come here with one omega, one worthless omega, and think it means anything at all.” Estane clutches Tony’s face in his big hand. “You fucking don’t know what it means to be an alpha.”
“Okay. We’re going to the doctor when we get back to the mainland and get you one.”
Steven continues, “It’s true. In some ways. I didn’t know you. I still don’t. Not truly, not the way I want to.” His eyes are searching, constantly moving over Tony’s face. For a moment, Tony realizes that Steven could simply and completely crush his head in his massive hands. But there’s not a molecule of fear in Tony. He utterly trusts his omega with his life. The truth comes to him then that Steven cannot trust Tony, not at all, not with his unpredictability.
When he finishes kissing each finger, he finds his way to the palm and breathes over it. A low gasp and a flutter of eyelashes, and Tony smiles at him. He knows he’s doing it right. If you’re going to burn in Hell, you better do it for a damned good reason – Fury had once told him that – a different life time ago. This is a good reason; he kisses the palm and then drags his tongue down to the soft and tender skin of the wrist. Tony giggles and succeeds in cupping his hand around Steve’s neck to draw him down and over Tony. They are face to face.
“And this Stark? Why’s he sniffing around you?” Sam asks and Steve almost explodes with laughter at the term.
Steve clears his dry throat. “Most of it.” Sitting up, he groans as his back creaks in response to sleeping on a grated deck.
“You are dead! Fuck you!” Rumlow snatches at the air and grabs Steve’s wrist – that’s when he finds it. The bracelet Clint gave Steve for emergencies. “What the fuck is this?”
“Yeah,” he says, finding himself breathless.  He drops his hands away; his fingertips tingle with memory. “The helmets should be on the wall.”
Scoffing, Steve says, “I don’t think so.”
“Yes, we have an approximate location. But sir, the new armor is not ready.”
He glances at Steve; whose expression remains neutral.
She plasters on a smile that reeks of false sincerity. “What can I help you with?”
“We need someone to support this new policy, Captain.” Pierce studied him.
“Don’t you want it,” Tony says and drifts his hand down to Steve’s erection.
Without ceremony or review, Steve leaves the living room. Tony stares at the scrolling names of the production crew wondering what the hell he just witnessed. This was supposed to be a great time. Not one like this, not something that drove them further apart.
That’s enough of that. He gets out of the shower, turns off the water, and towels dry. He needs to make Tony get some sleep and something to eat, maybe not in that order. When he suggested either one during the long overnight haul, Tony mumbled and ignored him. Steve needs a new plan of attack. Going to his room, he pulls out his jeans and t-shirt, slips on his boxer briefs and then dresses quickly. As he passes the sketchbook near the side of his bed, he opens the pad. Numerous drawings of Tony’s hands grace the pages. He’s never seen such beautifully elegant hands, work hands, hands that deftly move over objects with such skill and grace Steve longed to capture that magic in his sketches. He’s not even sure he’s done them justice. Other pages are portraits of Tony, of Vision, of Wanda and of Pietro. Steve’s done landscapes and still lifes, but what he really loves are the ones he’s done of Tony. Especially his hands. So skilled and talented. Steve wonders how they would feel on his bare skin, how they would caress, and tantalize.
