A light knock on the door interrupted his self-conscious staring in the bathroom mirror – why wasn't his hair lying flat?! - and made his stomach jolt awkwardly beneath the layers of this clothes; what if it was Sherlock? Did he even know that John was here? Would he be secretly pleased? He forced these thoughts away as he barrelled out of the bathroom and strode towards the door, hand wrapping itself around the doorknob and twisting it, pulling it open with a thrill of apprehension -
Sherlock wasn't completely ignorant. He knew that there was a chance that John would never understand the nature of their relationship and that he would go on seeing Sherlock as his best friend – something that certainly could be construed as progression seeing as Mike Stamford had once held that title, and truthfully Sherlock was somewhat smug about that fact – and, really, was that so terrible? Having witnessed the ebbs and flows of relationships over the years, Sherlock had long come to the conclusion that the strongest relationships were not necessarily those of a romantic quality; more accurately it seemed that the more enduring relationships were those rooted firmly within purely platonic boundaries, friendships having a higher survival rate than those of an amorous nature. The only real issue that could stem from this, as far as Sherlock could see, was if John found a willing romantic partner. Though he was aware that friendships could be sustained with someone who was embarking upon a meaningful relationship with someone of their choosing, he was also conscious of the fact that more often than not these friendships tended to change and become less important in the grand scheme of things.
"It's beef bourguignon," John insisted, walking over to the counter and grabbing the bottle of wine; he was still smiling. It was warm. It felt warm to look at it. "Look, I'm putting red wine in it."
"MY BROTHER IS A GAY MAN, FUUUUCKING HELL. No grandchildren for Mum and Dad, they're gonna blow their fucking
The performance! Of course. The performance. He had been so distracted by company, posh alcohol and a mass of burgundy that he had almost forgotten about it; how utterly ridiculous when it had been all he had been thinking about on the way here. He wouldn't miss it, Mycroft knew he didn't want to, so when he strode past Mycroft and into the ballroom it was hardly a surprise to either of them.
Ah. Of course not. John quickly disentangled himself, his face flushing quickly as he brought his arms down to his sides and found himself nodding and then shaking his head, glancing up at the Sherlock who was still very close and then looked away, then back again. "Right, no. Sorry. Don't know what came over me."
Mind fuzzy and his head barely able to comprehend, John blinked at the brightly-lit screen in front of him. The man wasn't even there. Observant he may be,
"So where, exactly, does that leave us?" He was almost sympathetic. It made John's blood boil. "He doesn't hold onto you for sentiment or for – as
Or, at least, that's what Mycroft assumed. He'd had the sense to keep away for the first day, knowing as he did just how senselessly nettlesome his younger brother would become once his playmate was no longer present to keep him entertained, and now that he had returned at the overly-dramatic pleading of his mother he found himself wishing that he had retained that good sense and stayed as far away from his family home as was humanely possible.
Sharon was silent for a moment, the tension growing by the second; finally she cleared her throat, turning off the tap and setting down the last mug on the granite beside her. "Yes. I'm sure that's what it is."
"I know," John agreed impatiently, mimicking Sherlock's stance as he folded his arms over his chest. "But I don't want you to be ordinary. If I wanted you to be ordinary, I'd... well." The tiniest of warmth in his voice – a smile. A small one, true, but a smile nonetheless. "I'd be talking to Mike in the dark instead of you."
John was almost too far beyond comprehension to bother trying to understand. "Right. So... what exactly is your point?"
, yet was that really such a terrible thing? Did it make him an assumedly awful person if he couldn’t stand to be kept on the outside of whatever was taking John’s attention away from him? After all, John didn’t have him in his life because he was endlessly sweet and pleasant and easy – or if he did then he was surely disappointed on a minute-by-minute basis – and would surely be expecting him to interfere and be as blunt, apathetic and logical as ever… so, would that make it acceptable, were he to demand an explanation? Not here, not in front of Greg, but soon?
Finally they stopped. John found himself starting to feel uncomfortably clammy, a tad lightheaded. His whisper was a little shaky. "Why have we stopped?"
"But you don't understand it? Don't... feel it? Anything?" John had been genuinely curious, cupping his glass between his hands and staring across the table at his friend intently.
"Fuck me," Greg muttered, turning on the spot as if trapped. "All right, fine, I'll make sure no one has sex in your room tonight, your room will be strictly
A tight smile cracked on Mycroft's lips. "I think that would lead to more harm than help, don't you? If he's looking for it elsewhere he'll have his ears to the ground, contacts to warn him of people asking after him. He's far too...
"Come on," he said encouragingly, indicating that now Sherlock had to go ahead of him, "you can try a cup of pick and mix punch and chat to me and Greg. It doesn't have to be as painful as you're expecting it to be."
John shook his head. "No. Explain to me how on earth I missed the fact that you actually wanted to talk to me rather than just… force me to study."
"Yeah it is!" Greg said with a laugh, knocking back a shot of something blue. "LET'S GET THIS PARTY STARTEEED!"
"You were probably tired and on top of the drama I created by cutting my stupid hand it was… yeah. Tough."
Sherlock did not know how to make his point any clearer. "If you insist on bringing his name into this -"
The only sounds in the room were that of the water hitting the stainless steel and the ticking of the clock on the wall.
"Gloria!" Wanda practically leapt forward as a dark-haired woman meandered around the corner, just as dark-skinned as Greg and every bit as beautiful. "It's been weeks! You weren't at the ball, whatever happened?"
Sherlock stared up at his brother from his sprawled out position on John’s bed, his eyes like slits. “I was sleeping before you got here.
"Yes Mummy," Mycroft said, sounding very bored indeed. "He informed me that he was getting changed into something more appropriate." He glanced at John. "He's been in his dressing gown since the moment he arrived -"
Sherlock watched, with all the observational skills of a hawk tracking its prey, as John slowly leaned back slightly on the bed and let his mouth drop open for a moment or two.
"Eventually Herbert told my parents that the violin I was using was too amateur for my apparent talent, that if they wanted to take my musical gift seriously I would need something better, something that would last me years – and so they bought me my second violin. It had a richer tone, warmer, more pleasing to the ear; every piece of music I played sounded ten times better than before, and I can say without any shame that I was well aware of how good it sounded. I was fully conscious of my skill. Within two years Herbert proclaimed that there was no more that he could teach me, that I would need a new tutor to fully extend my skills and make the best of them – he didn't want to stunt them. So he found me a new tutor, someone far more rigorous and strict than he ever was but she – Miss Marie – pushed me even harder than he had, and that was something I needed, something I craved. She did exactly as he had done by giving me music to practice that was far out of my comfort zone but in doing so she once again hitched me into a desire to be better, to become better. She taught me for ten years and, as a parting gift, bought me my third violin."
Kissing John. John's breath on his lips. John's lips on his lips. John's lips. John kissing Sherlock back. John's kiss.
He put down the phone. If Sherlock really did want to speak to him so much he'd just have to set aside whatever stubbornness he was holding onto and just bloody do it, because John had no interest in pandering to him when he was trying to work his way through the mess that was this visit so far. Dinner had been full of stilted conversation, Sharon and Neil barely looking at one another, and watching three hours of TV with them afterwards hadn't been as much of a relief as it should have been – surely taking away the need to talk should have made things easier? But, no, instead the silence sat between all of them like a physical barrier, stretching and moulding and suffocating until John had forced himself to make his excuses and barrel up to his room, closing the door with a gentle 'click' and throwing himself face-first onto the bed without moving for five whole minutes.
John looked away, turning his head to the side; his profile again, slightly visible in the dim light and his steady adjustment to the darkness. He could see the tension in John's jaw, the flicker of muscle beneath the skin. It shook his resolve further still.
A grin spread across Greg's face, his eyes still round with incredulity as he looked at John as if trying to assess some sort of second meaning to his words. "You – John. Come on. You know what's going on here, surely. Even
"Yeah?" Mike tilted his head slightly to the side. "You don't have to, I know your workload is pretty tough right now..."
"Sherlock," John whispered roughly, interrupting his thoughts with his continued fixated gaze, "you may have to ask me to leave."
“No,” she repeated herself, keeping the same frustratingly even tone, “no, I'm not telling you to do anything. It's completely your decision. I've just found in the past that when students, highly intelligent young students such as yourself, are struggling with the workload sometimes talking to someone can really make a difference.”
The two sat awkwardly in the quiet together for a few minutes, the only sound through the laptop speakers an occasional tapping noise as if William were drumming his fingers against the keyboard. John considered mentioning it, but after their odd little moment before it seemed inconsequential, unimportant. Then he decided that was exactly what was necessary. "Are you tapping -"
Sherlock looked up from one of the many books scattered around him on the floor of the living room, brow creased. "Do you have a favourite colour?"
She leapt up to stand beside him, every bit as chaotic as he was regimented, and offered him a shit-eating grin so wide that it went head-to-head in competition with every similar smile he'd seen on Sherlock's mother's own face since he'd first stepped over the threshold of the Holmes family cottage.
"No, no," Wanda moaned, her voice floating out of their bedroom door, into the hallway and creeping into John's bedroom as he stared in apprehension at the tuxedo laid out on the bed, "not the studs, the droplets! The ones I wore three years ago!"
Sherlock’s mind flashed back to hours earlier, the feel of John’s racing pulse underneath his fingertips and the sound of his gentle sighs carrying across the limited space between them. “We’ll see.”
, can you at least tell me if there’s something any of us can do to… prevent it happening again in the future?”
?! John forced himself to look away, trying not to feel uncomfortable in the mere presence of Sherlock wearing
The noise was muffled, the jumper he had thrown over his laptop three days ago almost completely hiding the sound but yes, there it was, the sound of yet another e-mail cluttering his already crammed university email inbox... John felt himself exhale, his body turning slowly to go over to the old machine. He hadn't checked his emails for days, knowing there would be more messages from his tutors who were trying so hard to be understanding whilst at the same time clearly losing patience with him and his lack of attendance; he hadn't even told them his suspicions of what was going on with his head, he didn't dare. The minute he admitted it to them they'd force him to do something about it and he wasn't ready for that. Not at all.
to... help... well. Yourself. And I know you don't want me to interfere and I know I should respect your choice," he added hurriedly, "but the truth is that if you don't do something about it I'll just worry about it. About you. And that might make me feel even worse."
"Of course!" Sherlock was suddenly out of the bathroom, the light still on and giving enough of a glow that they could see each other; John saw the towel in Sherlock's hand, the mess of hair from where he'd obviously towel-dried it from the downpour outside. "Tell me all about it."
Surprise flitted across John's gentle expression, completely shocked by Sherlock's request. Hadn't Sherlock insulted his brother to kingdom come just a week ago? "I would have thought -"
alike. The closest that John could find to align the older Holmes brother with the younger was the arrogant tilt of his chin and the steely determination of his stare which, now, was focused wholly on John himself.
If you'll excuse me." The taller man sidestepped around John and brushed past Greg as if he weren't even there, his eyes completely devoid of anything as he made his way out of the room and towards the door; John began to follow, pushing past Greg perhaps a little harder than he needed to and reaching once again for him. "Sherlock, please -"
No response; the long legs of the genius trying to get away from him lengthened their stride enough that John had to jog a little to keep up.
Not that it mattered. Though Sherlock had never gone into great detail about his family, only passing comments here and there, it was obvious that his parents were good people with good intentions; Sherlock had once commented with an almost affectionate exasperation that they were the most ordinary, easily-pleased folk on this earth and that he had never been quite certain of where his superior knowledge had been born from. Greg had rolled his eyes in response and told John that Mrs. Holmes was actually a brilliant mathematician to which Sherlock had snorted derisively and added that though she was perhaps 'above average' she certainly wasn't anything close to a genius as he considered himself to be. And smiled. He had smiled reluctantly at this. John could recall the smile with almost worrying clarity. It had been the warmest smile he'd ever seen in his life, small as it was.
“It’s all right,” Sherlock allowed generously, straightening his back and resting his hands on the armrests. “We both are. Which leads me to -”
John decided amidst the crushing fog in his brain that if he couldn't agree or disagree he would have to do
"So what is it, then?" That cold trickle down his spine again – what was that? Why did it keep appearing? He would have preferred the nudge in his chest over this,
As it turned out, what he wanted to do was to cross the few steps over to his friend and, for the first time since they had become friends, hug him. Hard.
Sherlock's eyes roved slowly over the space that John currently inhabited; it wasn't that small. Not small enough to get away with making excuses about its size. He met John's gaze and fought the urge to point this out. "I see."
Sherlock failed to cease the small exhale of air from between his teeth; it was his fault, he had allowed the situation to become something that it shouldn't be and he had let the word fly from his tongue without a single thought as to what he was saying. Of course John was still blissfully ignorant – or not so blissful, if the palpable strain currently rolling through John's tense body was anything to go by – and had simply assumed that Sherlock had used the wrong term, or the wrong term for what John deemed it to be, at least. But Sherlock was not ignorant. He was so aware of it at that moment that he was steadily losing control of his resolve to allow John to figure things out in his own time. It was the reason behind the intentional increasing level of intensity in the room and the reason that he was watching John's every movement in order to read as accurately as he could in the darkness how John was reacting to it.
"Nonsense," she said with a wave of her hand, looping her arm through his and starting to pull him up through the gate and towards the house. "Any friend of Sherlock's is a friend of ours -"
wall to speak of when so much of the room was made up of large, arched windows and doors edged with thick, dark golden curtains leading out onto a seemingly endless veranda lit with netted fairy lights and candles in fish bowls dotted around the small, glass tables cast around the wooden decking – he found himself staring at a colour so rich and vibrant, a textured burgundy like he had never seen before (had it been repainted before they'd arrived, perhaps?) with solid gold-painted, detailed borders rising in gentle waves across the entirety of the room. It should have made the atmosphere dark and dreary, such deep colours, but instead John found that it simply heightened the majesty of the room and made him feel as if he were dirty simply for standing there.
With a sigh and a small shrug, Greg slipped the phone back into his pocket and met John's gaze one more time. "If I did we wouldn't be in this mess in the first place... but he's right. It's not me he should be with."
and then it was a pulsing rage of bliss and pleasure and dying gasps into the dimly lit room where they clutched at each other as if they could not stand alone and the shudders were met with grasping hands and a dangerous need to not let go.
John nodded slowly, looking first at the coffee table and then back at Sherlock. "It's fine. It was a tough night for us both."
"She'll have you believe she's a dolt like me, but what she's not telling you is that she's a certified genius," Tim said good-naturedly, coming up on John's other side. "A mathematician!"
Rubbing his sore eyes hard with his fingers, John cleared his throat, determined to stay awake. This time he didn't even bother questioning how William could possibly know how his body was slowly curling further and further towards the laptop.
Sherlock allowed his eyes to drift to the ceiling in impatience before flickering his gaze back down to the pack of uncooked chicken breasts in front of him. "I'll try to keep it in mind. Now, what is it I'm doing with these?"
John pushed himself off of the bed and over to the nineteen-year-old within seconds, batting his hands out of the way and arching himself up to Sherlock’s lips, silencing him with a hard, stubborn kiss that seemed all too contradictory in the way it managed to both suppress the high levels of tension and equally increase them all at once; his fingers found fistfuls of smooth material, yanking the boy closer as he fought the surge of love that welled up within his chest at the mere insinuation that Sherlock would miss him whilst he was away.
They are both surprised, even John who had known what he was about to ask. Yet he has to say it again.
The door creaked open and Wanda's face peeked around the edge. "Sorry if I woke you, John, but I'm making a full English for the boys and wondered if you'd like something?"
Sherlock's eyebrow arched up, not even having to process the list John had thrown at him. "You haven't offended me. I'm not in a bad mood. I'm not lying to you."
just how much I wanted to talk to you. You have to understand, John, I'd never wanted such a thing in my life, people were just an additional irritation, background noise. I could try and explain to you in so many words but the crux of the matter is simply that I
You may hate me for the anticlimax, but fear not: last night I made a plan of the Big Things that are coming in this fic and I CANNOT WAIT TO CARRY ON. I promise, it will all be so, so, so, so, so, so worth it. DON'T LEEEEEEEAVE MEEEEEEE!!
"Yes, you did!" she said brightly, turning her grin to him without a single glint of guilt in the eyes that could have easily been taken from her son's own head. "I don't forget anything, you'll soon find that out."
“Plenty of time to get your head down. Come on now, get upstairs – John, you’ll probably be more comfortable conducting your conversation in here rather than in Sherlock’s room. There’s barely enough room for a bed, let alone two young, growing men…” Mycroft trailed off, eyes piercing as they watched John for his reaction; to John’s credit, however, the younger man managed to maintain a look of butter-wouldn’t-melt nonchalance. “Well. Anyway. You’ll most definitely be more comfortable down here.”
"It's terribly tedious," Mycroft interrupted with an eye-roll, leaning over Sherlock to pick up the tureen of peas. "Yet we're expected to do it every year, heaven forbid we miss it."
The house had surprised him. Meeting Greg Lestrade you certainly wouldn't imagine he'd live a stones throw away from Greenwich Park in a pretty little neighbourhood and a pretty little house; it was an end-of-terrace house, old red brick, a bay window to the front. Where most of the houses along the street had turned their little front gardens into a driveway, 221 Well Place had a little lawn and flower bed, beautifully tended and clearly not the work of an amateur. John stared at the flowers, their colour bright even in the darkness, beginning to wonder if Greg was, in fact, a raging homosexual.
"Right. So that's what he told you." Greg nodded, his teeth peeking over his lower lip to nibble on it. "I can see why you... okay. Look, John -" He leaned over a little further, eyes narrowing slightly, " - that isn't what I said to him."
The tone of Sherlock's voice was almost overwhelmingly similar; John found himself gripping his wine glass a little tighter as he recognised it from just under a week ago, the same timbre and gentleness that he had heard as he had received his own apology from the curly-haired genius. He fought the urge to look at him, powerful as it was.
John wasn't sure he could convince Sherlock much of anything at the moment. "Not sure I'll be very influential, Wanda, I won't lie to you."
Sherlock did not like the sensation that he was being analysed; he turned slightly in the dark room, looking away. "I said, John, I'm fine. I understand that you may be coming to the realisation that this wasn't what you wanted to do -"
"Naturally. Pets, then. Any of those?" Sherlock's leg was jiggling slightly, almost as if antsy in his anticipation to hear the answer. "Cat? Dog? Mouse? Rat? Goldfish?"
"No," Sherlock said, his tone infinitely bored, "rather more hesitant about slipping and cracking open my skull."
The other players around the table soon caught on to Greg's master-plan and began allocating all of their
He was up off of the sofa and standing beside Sherlock's chair before he had a chance to remind himself that he didn't hug his friends.
"From what he said it sounds as if Sherlock isn't planning on doing anything. I mean, look at the way he handled it tonight. That's not the way you'd go about confessing your lo-"
Sherlock seemed completely at a loss – speechless for the first time since John had met him. He turned from John with partially-separated lips, his suddenly taut face lowered as he picked up the knife again and began to chop the last of the pepper into irregular sizes, barely concentrating; John swivelled slowly back to the pan, his entire body pulsing from the words he had spoken and the lack of denial from the man who was clearly no longer his friend, his mind painfully whirling in circles as he found himself switching to auto-pilot as he picked up a tin of chopped tomatoes and began to open them, stirring them in -
"They haven't forgiven you for being an alcoholic at twenty-three, Harry, not because you're a lesbian."
"Oh, christ, shut up," Greg groaned, turning away momentarily and shaking his head hard as if to get rid of the images that no doubt were now painfully vivid in his imagination, "I don't want to know. I
All this emotion – all right, a single and negative emotion, but an emotion nonetheless – was like a drug, infiltrating his system and making him feel like he could do almost anything.
" The taller man's lips twitched. "I didn't realise this was a date, John, I would have worn a nicer shirt if I'd known."
of not being able to take paracetamol?" He turned and glanced at Greg; even he looked completely nonplussed about the whole thing. "Am I missing something?"
They stared at each other again. John waited a few beats before remembering he had been trying to get an explanation. "So what is it, Sherlock? This thing you want? Is it why you're feeling so... well..." He gestured towards his friend, frowning. "You know. This."
Leaning over, breathing so laboured he could see stars and could hear only of the sound of maniacal laughter beside him, John shook his head slowly and deliberately from side to side, face hot and the cold air doing nothing to cool him down. "Fucking
The guilt in Greg's eyes intensified. "I didn't see any of the usual warning signs." He turned to John properly. "He gets quiet, quieter than usual, spends a lot of time in his room. He leaves the room whenever I walk in. He's edgy, not vocally but physically, pacing a lot and muttering to himself. There have always been signs in the past, I've always been able to get word to Mycroft before something happens but this time there
John's mind was racing. His stomach was attempting to leap straight up his oesophagus. "Wow, Sherl-"
John stared, disbelieving, as the interior of the car. This man had opened the door for him. He called him sir. He was putting his suitcase in the boot for him. Just how rich
“Tell me everything,” Sherlock voice cut sharply across his ridiculous and pointless attempt at interrogating him, him of all people, taking a step forward with entirely no intention of doing so, noting the instantaneous step back that the coward was now taking from him and not caring in the slightest that he had so easily intimidated him; good.
"Ordinary?" Sherlock felt a strange trickle of something cold and uncomfortable down his spine, something he hadn't felt before. He had no word for it. "Decent? Friendly?" The word brought back a renewed bitterness towards John's counsellor. "Would you like me to smile more? Y'know, I could be intense too, I know how much you like that, but maybe I should crack a few jokes too?" His mind threw a curve-ball, reminding him of John's injured hand and the fist it was currently curled into; he started to step towards John, not thinking of how it would be construed during such a moment. "Tell me, John, tell me what you'd like me to be so that I can at least know how much of a disappointment I'll be to you when I fail to do all of those things, I'm
"Common smuggler?" John whirled away from Sherlock and pulled himself up onto the tallest rock there, turning slowly and curling his hands into fists as he looked down on the taller man with a sneer. "I'm the former Captain Jonathan Ironfist of the infamous Midnight Marigold, and you call
“He wanted me to tell you,” Sherlock muttered, glacial eyes observing the gambolling flames with the same intensity John had so recently accused him of, “wanted me to… explain.”
"Don't encourage him, Greg," Sherlock muttered, doing up his coat rapidly with his long, dexterous fingers, "he'll think he can get away without paying anything towards the bills forever."
John glanced at the clock – hell, he wasn't wrong! He felt the exhaustion settle onto him like a vice at the simple acknowledgement of the time, so hard and fast and familiar that he had to fight to keep his concentration on the screen.
William slowed, but did not stop. "No thanks." With that, he unceremoniously left the room and left John's sight, heading off to god knows where; in the pit of John's stomach he felt an odd twist, head reminding him that he was probably one of William's only friends. The guy had said himself that he had no idea how friendships truly worked, and Mike commandeering John and John
With a hand that didn't look quite as steady as it perhaps should, John rubbed his palm roughly over his face as he looked away and at the floor. “Bloody hell. Can't say I was expecting that. I don't really know what to say.”
John wandered towards the closest and smallest one, leaning down to run his fingers over the smooth surface. "Nah, it's fine! What, are you scared of a little dirt?"
Sherlock felt his brow crease, momentarily distracted. "Why would you assume I needed something from him?"
, do we?" - luckily Tim was too busy pretending to be interested in buttonholes and Wanda too focused on finding the perfect tuxedo to notice, but John was positively fuming by the time they'd finally found a combination of colours and styles to suit him.
"Don't feel ashamed, John, Tim was rather tipsy last night when we got home, you weren't the only one." She bustled over to the door again. "Just come down when you're ready; there's a clean dressing gown on the back of the bathroom door, so don't worry about getting dressed. None of us are!"
, where the person who selected the card had to say a rhyming couplet and each person around the circle had to add a line until someone paused for too long, at which point they had to take a drink) – it was unsurprising to John and Greg (and probably the rest of the circle) that Sherlock was the one to drop the ball on
"I'm trying," John said, his voice strained but at least attempting to keep his volume down. "Sorry. Sorry, it's just a lot to absorb. And it's been a long day."
Greg sighed. "It said that Sherlock had told him what he and I had already talked about. What we'd thought was going to happen."
Sherlock glanced from the glass that John was filling up for him to John's own cup. "What about him? He's only got a tiny cup, that's not fair."
John's entire body felt as tense as a rubber band about to snap. Sherlock's lips moved, but the words seemed delayed as they fell into the delicate whorl of John's ears.
Had it not come from Sherlock's lips John was relatively sure that the simple request would have had no reasonable effect whatsoever; as it happened the imploring tone alongside Sherlock's nebulous gaze whipped up within him an ache-filled yearning to throw the teenager back down on the bed and pin his wrists above his head - no, it was far too intense, far too strong, these feelings of want and need and desperation, it was completely inappropriate when Sherlock was genuinely asking to be taught how to kiss... John would have to work very hard indeed to suppress the appetite he had never realised could be quite so powerful within his own body: Sherlock was a beginner. Sherlock had never been in a similar situation with a man
“Wasn't implying it!” Her tone suggested that she absolutely was, and it irritated him no end. “I just wondered how you're both coping with the miles between you after such a fucking rollercoaster these past few weeks.”
"No, it's all right, it's just..." John hesitated, his shoulders rising slightly against both the cold and the topic of conversation. "It's fine. No, Sally wasn't my first."
Have you even been to university? A third is a pass. I'm sorry it doesn't match up to your obviously sky-high expectations but a third is considered a pass at any university
Mike grinned his genuine, 'always happy to see you' grin and clapped John once more on the shoulder. "Brilliant, mate, brilliant. Always a better party with you there. I can meet you at yours first, have a few pre-drinks?"
Sherlock stood instantly, taking a step back. "It's fine. I'll remember not to answer your phone from now on."
This is a walkway through Greenwich Park (for those that don't know, yes, it's TOTALLY a real, awesome place just outside of London).
Sherlock rolled his eyes, shoving the phone under John's nose. "It might have been an emergency, what was I supposed to do?"
Sherlock seemed irritated by the question, his head jerking slightly back as his fingers twitched atop his thighs. “Of course I’m sure, John. What possible reason could I have for rejecting your request?”
," Mycroft insisted sharply, removing his hand from behind him and shooting them both such an evil glare that a giggle burst free from John's lips before he could stop himself, "I was rearranging my jacket!"
The tiniest of smiles twitching on John's lips, he double-clicked on the attachment and found himself looking at what no longer seemed to be his own notes but rather a huge mash of red amidst lines of his own black dotted here and there; he stared at the screen incredulously, hardly knowing whether to laugh or swear.
"That I… kissed him." He shook his head, the very idea of it making his head spin. "We were interrupted by a mutual acquaintance. My housemate."
He turned instinctively, realising too late that this left enough room for a person to slip by him – he cursed none too quietly as Mycroft breezed past him, his perfectly laundered suit, shining shoes and upper-class air in embarrassingly stark contrast to the bare, magnolia mess of his bedroom. He saw Sherlock’s eyes open to half their usual size as Mycroft strode into the room (Greg awkwardly wandering to the threshold behind him) with what John assumed to be his usual show of authority, the tall thirty-something year old man standing over the bed and looking over his younger brother with an odd look on his face.
The haze around his brain shuddered slightly in apparent agreement. John stared blankly at the screen.
Sherlock's eyes narrowed, clearly aimed towards John despite him not directing the gaze towards him. "I'm not going to cook."
Sherlock leaned back into his chair, a smug smile beginning to play at his lips. “Not to worry, John, a verbal reaction isn't entirely necessary. I've already collated the information I needed. I've made my point.”
Sherlock's almond-shaped eyes flitted up to meet his again. "Just because you've been diverted doesn't mean you don't need to talk to him. You know as well as I do that depression -"
"Um... hi, I'm John. John Watson?" His eyes fastened on the man sitting behind the desk. "I'm sorry I'm late, I'm uh..." He moved further into the room. "I'm supposed to have a counselling session in here. Is that right? Am I in the right place?"
leave me alone in your house for two hours at a time when most people would be sleeping. So... y'know, I thought..." He trailed off, leaving Sherlock to fill in the blanks. The irritation returned.
John threw his phone down on the seat beside him, bringing his hands up to rake his fingers through his unbrushed hair; god, the man was impossible sometimes. They'd gone from a funny, lighthearted mock-argument about music to having one man completely clueless and the other shutting down – apparently a running theme with the two of them. Maybe if John hadn't been so oblivious to Sherlock's attempt to express his feelings before it wouldn't have disintegrated quite as quickly as it did – again, a running theme – but then again Sherlock maintained his insistence that he wasn't going to be continuously sentimental. Over the past few days he had constantly surprised John with how willingly he seemed to open up to his own emotions, but perhaps Sherlock was simply still coping with the overwhelming reality of their situation. God knows John was still trying to sift through it all in his head. Add that to the odd rumbling of depression in the back of his head and the intense pressure of where he was currently headed... well, there wasn't much room to be observant. So perhaps Sherlock was the one who needed to be a little more forgiving.
The room came back to him in a cold rush; his body felt odd, almost as if it were not quite attached to the rest of him. "What?"
“I’ll take that as your acquiescence. I wouldn’t have thought it would ever be an issue, but I genuinely believe that were you older and less highly strung than you are currently - thanks to the mass of hormones pulsing through your adolescent body – you would not be quite so dramatic about all of this. You have to push it aside, Sherlock. You have to do as you’ve always done and realise that you are better than your biological urges.”
The idea of someone else ever being as close to John as he was now filled him with a fierce sense of possession that was very much akin to being lit on fire, from the very depths of his stomach streaking upwards all through his torso.
Sherlock's hand paused momentarily over the bread. "I'm quite capable of doing it on my own, Mycroft -"
. You could have just told me, 'John, I'm going on this mission as a punishment and it will almost definitely lead to my certain de-'"
"Sorry, should've realised. So, uh... what's this thing you want so badly, if it's not a person...?"
"GENTLEMEN!" he roared, storming into the pub garden the Holmes family (and John) had settled themselves into an hour previously, all of them looking up from a rather feverish game of Blackjack; he looked tanned, healthy and all-round absolutely no different whatsoever. "THE SHOWMASTER HAS ARRIVED!"
the strength of John’s battle, the fight to stop from ignoring Sherlock’s request, and he knows it with such inherent intimacy from his own longing that he feels a tremor rock through his body at the combined desire from them both: it’s agony. There is a reason, he now knows, why Mycroft had always been so vehemently against the concept of empathy and all of the dangers it posed within such close quarters, and Sherlock’s own personal reason is now poised on the edge of both touching him and moving away and he cannot stand it, will absolutely falter, will completely destroy the inward promise he made to himself to allow John to have his moment --
“ - and I don't know why it makes you so uncomfortable. Makes no difference whether it's Sherlcock or Sarah, it's just... doing the do.”
The two responding texts he received in quick succession made him laugh so much he almost knocked the drinks over.
Sherlock looked around the dark room, a little lost. "You could stay. For a few minutes. If you wanted to. It's dark, so there's not much you can do, but if you're really that bored I suppose it wouldn't be so terrible if you were to stay – you can sit at the desk if you want to, or on the floor, it's a nice carpet, but then if you want somewhere more comfortable you can sit on the bed -"
He simply couldn't think about it, not now: he was literally on the verge of sleep, and if he fell asleep as he was now it was almost a certainty that his laptop would end up on the floor again, only this time it would undoubtedly wake him up with a jump and put him in a terrible mood. Slowly he plopped the laptop back onto the desk chair, not bothering to change out of his hoodie and jeans as he set the pillow back flat on his bed and kicked the covers out from underneath him until he could wrap them around himself, yawning heavily as he did so. His hazy, sleep-desperate eyes found the laptop screen one last time before he shut them and found his way instantly into a not-so-dreamless sleep, re-reading the last line to himself before his mind gave out and his body relaxed.
I'm so sorry it's been so long; lots going on, some health stuff, you know how it is. Anyway, here's an update for you - more to come tomorrow! ^_^ Lots of love and hugs, guys, thanks so much for being patient.
. It made him want to crack the man open from top to bottom and see every little dark detail and know every tiny blemish that marked him.
"JOHN!" the man yelled, throwing his arm around John's shoulder – my, everyone was touchy-feely today – and squeezing him, shaking him, almost bouncing up and down in his evident (somewhat drunken) joy at seeing his best friend. "John, you jammy fucker, you made it! I never thought I'd see you tonight but you
The very idea of Sherlock truly being that ignorant was almost too endearing to bear. John reached forward and grabbed the edge of the table, digging his fingertips in as subtly as he could as he fought what was becoming a rather familiar urge to reach out and touch the curly-haired genius currently staring at him like a doe caught in headlights.
"And you turn girls into lesbians. This isn't the time to start throwing around insults, John, I assure you that I have many,
Jim cocked his head to the side slightly, eyes wide. "Oh, well... that's disappointing. Do you mind if I ask why?"
John gathered his things together and left the house without saying goodbye to either Greg or Lauren, blinking away the sheer horror of the sunshine and beginning the long walk back to campus.
Pulling himself away from his thoughts, he leaned down and once more picked up his phone – two messages from Sherlock this time:
Tim offered him a grateful smile; Wanda allowed herself to be distracted. "Well, we know about you now. The two of you are obviously very close."
me." When John did not respond quickly enough, Sherlock's hand came from out of nowhere as slender fingers found their way to his wrist, wrapping themselves around it and prying it none-too-gently from its place. John fought against it weakly, pathetically, but with a final tug Sherlock brought the hand out into the open and turned it over, eyes scanning the wound.
, there haven't been moments where I feel happy or content or amused enough to smile since this whole thing started to take over my life. You are... the only one to have done that."
"No," John said, suddenly exhausted, "no, don't bother. Look, I didn't mean it. I don't... expect you to be anything else than what you are. You're fine. You're fine as you are."
"I know I'm a guest," he quickly cut in, shoving his hands awkwardly into his pockets, "but you've been so kind to me, I had to do something to repay you somehow. This doesn't even come close, but... it's the only thing I could think of."
find the words, and not for the first time with Sherlock he found himself remembering Wanda's notion that sometimes it was better to say nothing at all.
"Never," John said, raising his eyes to the heavens in prayer, "but I don't think I have much of a choice. Cheers, guys," he added, raising his shot glass before throwing the burning, disgusting alcohol down his throat and shuddering. "Oh god, I hate this stuff -"
that something's not right." She shook her head, raising her hand as she picked up the iron once more. "I know it's none of my business and I could just be reading the situation wrong but – genuinely, John, I speak only out of concern for my son. And you, don't think I'm not thinking of you."
Reaching over to the packet of antiseptic wipes sitting on the coffee table, John frowned. "What? What are you so surprised about?"
“It’s just that… it doesn’t feel like it’s only been a couple of weeks. You know?” John glanced up at Sherlock again, noting that the tension in the man’s body hadn’t yet left. “I was thinking on the way over here – well, I couldn’t get to sleep. So I went for a walk, ended up in Greenwich Park.”
flooded his synapses, shutting down all of the parts of himself which he needed in order to focus on the matter at hand: ah, adrenaline, yes, such a wonderful rush to his system and yet entirely unhelpful – the opposite, and the fact that he was at least able to understand that was a mercy considering he was suddenly so hideously furious at this man who would have been far better placed on the other side of the earth from John Watson that he was quite unbalanced from sheer
John frowned and brought the phone back up to his ear. "Then you know that I'd very much like to go now. So. Anything else?"
Sherlock grinned, eyes directed to the sky above them. "Experience, far too much experience. Did you really think we were caught?"
“Whatever, then, but at least admit that you’ve been wondering. Desperation aside, you’ve been trying to ‘observe’ me from the moment I got up and it has to have been driving you mad not to be able to assess what I’ve been thinking.”
The voice, that familiar, gruff voice... it was like being sent back to his childhood all in one sitting. Up to a point as a child he had been told the usual line whenever he was in trouble - "just wait until your father gets home!" - and there had been the usual bout of fear and regret and wishing he had just behaved himself, but one year, the year he had turned eight, it had all changed. After months of hearing his mum's voice softly urging from beneath the floorboards, tight throat indicating tears, the pleas John couldn't quite hear meeting the unresponsive ears of his father, the line began to change. Rather than using their father as a threat (which usually simply culminated in Neil Watson stomping up the stairs and yelling at either him or Harry for a few minutes as they sat red-faced and shame-filled on the edge of their beds) Sharon began to say things like, "well, we won't tell your dad about this when he gets home..." and "if your dad heard about this he'd go spare!" - he became almost a mythical figure, someone who was once feared in the way that all children fear the discipline-oriented parent but who no longer existed in collaboration with their upbringing. Harry, ever the rebel, took this as a positive thing and promptly began misbehaving even worse than ever... but John, no, John had heard things that Harry had not. His bedroom was directly above the tiny utility room, a room that Sharon had always used when she needed privacy or a moment away from it all, had heard his mother lost in the pain of practically losing her husband to the newfound love of his life – alcohol – and therefore formed a simple understanding of what was going on. He behaved better than ever, attempted to become the model son, working hard and smiling hard, keeping up that ever-present facade that he had found himself creating at so young an age.
There was a pause, palpable in the metres of space between them, so solid it was almost tangible. John found himself turning slowly on the spot, hands grasping tight to both the clear cup of alcohol and the black work-surface of the kitchen cabinet as he forced himself to
"Yes, me, I know," John said impatiently. He didn't miss the ghost of a smile on Mycroft's face. "But obviously it's not a fool-proof system. He managed to do it this time – take the drugs, I mean."
He felt as if this should make him feel some level of guilt, remembering as he did how much he had loathed her very existence for years, but it was almost as if the last few months that they'd been back in contact had somehow made those years... irrelevant. Clearly Harry wasn't aware of just how strongly he had felt, and if he could protect her from those past feelings and never have any reason to bring them up – especially since they seemed to actually be finding common ground now that they were young adults – then maybe it was better that he didn't feel guilty. Maybe he could just let it go. It would be good, he mused silently, to be able to let
John was pulling away, his breathing staggered; he did not pull away completely, his hands were still on Sherlock's shirt and he was still close enough that Sherlock could feel the heat of his breath mingling with his. He didn't know what to say, if he should say anything at all, he wasn't completely aware of what these moments were meant to be filled with but in the very least he thought that if was quiet enough, if he didn't say anything, perhaps John wouldn't move away quite yet. Because he liked it. He liked that John wasn't being particularly gentle or careful. He had liked that John's lips weren't hesitant. He had liked that John hadn't asked tentatively if he could kiss him. John had done it all of his own accord.
“Look, I'm sorry to do this, but I've actually got a study session to get to,” he interrupted, glancing behind him at the door as if he wanted nothing more than to get the hell out of there. “With some of my flatmates, you know.”
Hesitant, Greg shuffled further into the room and over to the armchair; he looked at it for a moment before making a small grunting noise, a 'fuck it' if there ever was one – he perched on the edge and leaned forward on his elbows. "Would it piss you off if I asked you what I walked in on? I mean," he put his hands out, widening his eyes, "it's none of my fucking business and you can tell me to bugger off and leave you alone but... well, you know."
"No," Wanda interrupted her husband, suddenly looking like a lioness in all her trembling ferocity, "I won't have you utter his name, Tim, certainly not when referring to Sherlock's friends. He was never a friend to him."
Were he more grounded and aware of himself, perhaps John would have felt awkward at Jim's words; as it was, he simply shook his head. "I appreciate that. But I need to go. Today. Now. Can I not just... come back after the summer? Deal with this then?"
"Oh, fuck it," he moaned, forgetting that it was Friday, forgetting his bloody appointment with William (whom he hadn't spoken to in a few days other than receiving course materials and emails with John's edited notes, illustrating the genius's previous comment of his disappearances for days at a time) – he opened the conversation window and raked his eyes over the words with building irritation.
Jim tilted his head slightly, intently staring at John as if trying to read his thoughts; it was very similar to the look that Sherlock gave him for the very same reason. "So... do you think you would have come here if it wasn't for this... friend?"
… to pretend anymore? Mycroft seems to be willing to put up with the idea of you having a friend now, and given that he's stopped being quite so insufferable recently I don't think we really need to keep up the act just to irritate him. You know? I'm sure you can see what I'm saying…"
John did not seem to know whether to smile or not. His lips were constantly twitching as he attempted to suppress it. "You
"Greg!" Tim stepped forward, smiling genially and extended his hand for a firm handshake. "Good to see you, my boy, good to see you. You're looking as healthy as a horse! All that hockey, eh?"
Icy eyes travelled rapidly over his face, the intensity almost overwhelming. "You're pale as a sheet… that's it, we're getting a cab and taking to a hospital, you need to see a doctor -"
…he forced his legs to keep moving, reaching the door with a deep exhale of breath and twisting the doorknob until the door released itself; he pushed it open gently, slipping inside and taking hesitant steps into the centre of the room and waiting until he'd set his suitcase down before he allowed himself a proper look at where he was to stay for… well. However long Mycroft was planning on holding him hostage.
Lord Londonderry stepped up onto the platform to tumultuous applause, his head bowing in respectful nods at the welcome before he raised his large hands up and waited for the noise to die down, his dark eyes scanning the crowd at large before allowing a wide smile to crease the corners of his eyes as he opened his arms out.
"Yeah..." He briefly touched his left cheek with his fingertips, hating every moment of this situation. "Well, she has blonde hair... blue eyes..."
Part of John felt a fierce desire to dig his heels in, to stop Mike from pulling him away and engage William in a conversation about who the hell he was and what was going on with the double-identity, but deep within him he knew that the tall (taller than John, anyway) man had already dismissed him and would not be easy to call back to attention. He watched out of the corner of his eye as William began to leave the room, face unsmiling and completely avoiding John's area of the room completely.
"No," Sherlock reprimanded quietly, pulling his finger from beneath the stream of water and letting his hand fall to his side, "yet again I think it's
This time it sunk in to his mind, the sound. He slowly shifted his body until he could glance over his shoulder; groaning at the black screen, he forced himself to twist until his arm could reach the mousepad, skating his finger over it until the screen began to light up. There, sitting on his taskbar, was a little orange flashing window, something he'd never seen before. He turned properly, frowning, pulling the office chair closer to the bed and moving his face closer to the screen.
good job. He pulled it across him to do up the buttons, mildly amused when Wanda slapped his hands away and did it herself as she had no doubt once done for her two sons, both of whom were now downstairs; and then she stepped away, revealing the finished result and the both of them standing in silence for a few minutes as they looked over the result of their – well, Franco's – hard work.
Sherlock took a few moments to respond to the kiss, still irritated as he was at John’s lack of comprehension, but slowly John found himself rewarded with the light pressure of large palms on his hips and fluttering fingers wrapping themselves gently to hold them, the softening of frustrated lips into a moue that fit warmly over his own. He gentled the kiss, pulling away for a moment.
John gave a small nod. "I'm not going to pretend I'm looking forward to it. I'm sure you won't be offended if I say that I'm going to be dreading every minute."
John shook his head helplessly. "Blame Greg, not me! I swear, he has a fetish for inflicting drunken pain..."
"Yeah mate, right here!" Greg grabbed the bottle from the table and grinned widely, darting around a chair and joining them. "Wanna do the Deadly Three?"
John rolled his eyes (groaning at the nausea it inspired) and spat the white swirl of toothpaste out into the sink, swilling a mouthful of water and spitting that out too for good measure. Sherlock really was the most ignorant man on the planet, at least about real-life things. Though it was great that the man had no issue with people thinking he was gay, John himself was more than a little uncomfortable at the prospect of people considering him as such – not that he had anything against it, of course. His sister was gay, after all. He just… wasn’t. No point adding fuel to a rumour that had no truth.
"Well, there's no need to be coarse." The slamming of a car door, the rumble of an engine. "But I suppose I may as well bite; do you return his feelings, or hope to?"
It was almost laughable, the way William struggled, yet at the same time John could not laugh at this man who was trying so hard. He understood the struggle, even if their reasons weren't the same.
"Don't you dare," Wanda warned, raising a finger and glaring at Sherlock through the rearview mirror. "Really, John, I would never have thought that
"Hang on, you're missing a fairly important difference there," Katie said with another random giggle, "you used 'love' and 'in love' to mean the same thing."
The voice continued. "You have wondered, directly to me, why in fact I chose you rather than rejecting you as I have every other student before now. It's natural for you to wonder this, and it is no secret to myself that I have perhaps wondered the same thing for myself on more than once occasion... it is not something I am used to. I am... not well-versed in what makes one person wish to communicate frequently with another."
? At first John had been fine, leaving him to it, refraining from texting after lack of reply to his first couple of attempts to get in touch – though their circumstances weren't the same he was still willing to be understanding about a bit of distance. He'd had a few bad days himself, back to his old routine of not leaving his room and staring blankly at the wall with a thousand unidentifiable thoughts rolling around his mind and not thinking once of his newest friend... but a week. A whole WEEK.
Greg turned away again. "Did you hear that? Yeah. Yeah. All right. Do you think he'll answer? Fine. Okay. Will you call us and let us know? All right. No, I'll be here, no other plans – yeah, John'll be here too. All right. Talk soon." He hung up the phone and looked over at John. "He's going to try calling Sherlock to find out where he is. He's going to let us know."
"I know," John said, stomach clenching. "I've become quite familiar with that, obviously. But I'm not always so good at controlling what emotions I
you if you go behind my back to get heroin again, do you understand? It's not an option. It's never an option."
Mycroft tilted his chin up slightly. "I see. So your plan is to cavort with girls until you've made up your mind?"
Sherlock whirled around. "Oh? How about... let me see..." He rolled his eyes. "How about enjoyment? Wouldn't you say
about mental health issues, he knew enough to be certain that what had been taking over his life since term started was depression. It was... embarrassing. A weakness. He knew that it ran in his family, knew it was something that would have probably visited him in an unwelcome appearance at some point during his life but the fact that it was now, during his first year of university... then again, at least it was this first year, his pre-medical year. After having left school with three A Levels and none of them in a science (and having taken a year out to travel, the ultimate gap year stereotype), he was now required to take an initial year covering all three sciences and, should he fail, he'd also fail to continue to the actual five-year medical course. If he let this... this
Sherlock pushed John's arm out of the way and took two steps forward. The man did not move. "Not for the reason you're thinking, Lewis. We were having dinner and time got away with us. He wouldn't be here otherwise."
“Look, it doesn't matter. None of it, this, that, none of it. OK? It doesn't matter, because I'm getting help and Dad's in group and Harry... well, Harry's gay, and that's always been all right. And you...” He trailed off for a moment, desperately searching for something, yet another something, anything that could placate her and cancel out this whole damned situation. “You're my mum. Harry's mum. Dad's wife. You are who you are, and I... love you.” He stared at her, willing her to hear it, willing for it to somehow mean something. “I love you. I'm sorry.”
Mycroft suddenly appeared, dropping four slices of hot toast onto the near-empty plate of unbuttered slices; he lingered for a few moments, looking between the two of them before rolling his eyes and heading back over to the toaster, leaving them in their uncomfortable silence to keep buttering toast and saying nothing.
"I was teasing you, John, not actually inferring that you have a romantic interest in me. I was merely playing out the last remnants of my revenge against you, nothing more than that."
who seemed to need a moment. To her credit she at least seemed to be trying to sound as if she had it all under control. "I'm not upset. All right? I'm not. But I need to know. Is there something going on between you and my son?"
"Prick," John muttered disbelievingly. "Yet again, an utter prick." He leaned away from the laptop but kept his eyes focused on the words in front of him, hardly believing what he had just read. Did people like this even exist? Was it possible that William Holmes was actually just a troll and that Joanne had never actually recommended anybody to him?
, his eyes travelling back up to Sherlock's odd expression and noting the slight sheen of sweat shining on his skin – wait, why was he sweating? It was only about six degrees Celsius outside and the man wasn't even wearing a coat, just the polo shirt and the jeans, nothing protecting him from the chilly night air. Even with the long sleeves... it was insane. John's eyes narrowed, darting back up to Sherlock's face.
Mycroft opened his mouth to respond, smile playing on his lips, when suddenly there was a creak from upstairs, the unmistakeable sound of a foot on a floorboard; all three of them glanced up to the ceiling over their heads and then at each other.
“It fits, though. I’ve had a few hours to think about it, plus, of course, the five years before all of this. Because I did think of it, which I’m sure you already know. Seeing as you know everything.”
"I am," John said lightly, jabbing his finger into the table again. "If I can get my work done and start getting my grades back up, I'll start to feel better about myself."
"Oh, wonderful, is it time for photographic evidence?" Mycroft sighed and walked into the kitchen, coming back with a digital camera and handing it to his father. "How refreshingly different to every other year."
"Well, I'm depressed," John said pointedly, spreading his hands out, "so that's probably my reason."
He leaned over to his bedside cabinet, pulling the half-empty bottle of water from its resting place and quickly taking a swig, watching the 'typing' icon from the corner of his eye. It felt like much later than 5:30 in the afternoon.
But there was a problem that none of them had considered. No one but John, of course. "It sounds lovely, really, but I um... well. I don't have a tux with me. I don't even
"There's no need for an explanation, Gregory," Mycroft said, face impassive as he slammed his door shut and walked up to where the younger man stood, "I understand that you cannot be watching him at all times. I assume he didn't leave a note?"
His parents hummed their agreement, a fond smile curving Wanda's lips. "Yes, he was always a little more affected by things than you were. Which is why I always felt that perhaps he might need the stability of a partner, someone to support him and keep him from sinking into his black moods."
"Why didn't you tell me it was this bad?" Sherlock's voice was low, demanding. "You should have said something, we could have made a bandage and stopped the flow far better than you managed to – look at yourself, your shirt is
John folded his arms tight over his chest, starting to feel a little pissed off. "Sherlock, seriously, just shut up all right? Stop being a prick, he's apologising for something he doesn't even need to apologise for -"
Great, just what John needed: high-intensity therapy sessions twice a week. "Sure. Whatever you think is best."
“You stand there, speaking of... loss, of grief, of immeasurable pain which I have yet to even come close to making up for and yet I’ve somehow manipulated you into believing that I’m the one who needs support. I repeat, don’t come any closer and - for the love of god - don’t try to comfort me.”
Sherlock shrugged, though he did seem to willingly turn and begin to head towards the small hill. "They're bad enough at home, but put them out in public and they're all over each other."
been since they'd been old enough to talk, that it was actually pretty damned likely that his close relationship with the matriarch of the family had seriously skewed his view of Harry. She had been his opposite, the rebel, the trouble-maker, the one who went out of her way to drive their mother to despair – late nights, weekend binges, late to or not appearing for dinners and occasions and, on her last day of being a resident of their family home, crashing through the front door raging-drunk with a girl on her arm. She had, for all intents and purposes, created
Sherlock watches silently as John looks up and away from the coat, searches the misted window from afar until he meets Sherlock’s eyeline; it’s too far to read his expression, too dark, but Sherlock isn’t looking to find answers in such a frail attempt at eye-contact. That can wait, too.
He wasn't sure if Mycroft really did see or if he was just realising that John was reaching a point where he wouldn't offer anything new to the conversation. He figured it was the latter. Mycroft wasn't an idiot.
“Very true,” Mycroft mused, allowing the point, “however, in regards to these sorts of matters, she tends to have – shall we say – an
The creak of stairs behind him alerted him to the fact that he was no longer the only one awake, whirling around with an apology on his lips.
When William spoke it was in low tones, quiet, dangerously so. "It's an easy slide into substance abuse when you have depression, John. One night of drinking could all too easily turn into another, then another, another until finally you're drinking first thing in the morning and last thing at night. You've seen the statistics in class, you're not an idiot."
His dad seemed to be doing exactly the same thing, a small step back and another clearing of his throat as he tried to gather himself together. "And... if I want to have this conversation? Man to man?"
Nodding slowly, Sherlock rubbed his hands over his face, his throat sounding sore as he spoke into the dimly lit room once again. “Did I miss anything? Do you have any more questions?”
John couldn't agree more, with the 'good lad' part at least. "He's a good mate, really nice guy. Sherlock's lucky to have a housemate like him."
. We've agreed that if you break this dare at any point, you have to drink whatever concoction we put together for you without complaint,
"It's not an important detail." Mycroft cleared his throat. "Regardless, I would recommend that you heed these words, John Watson, irrespective of what you think of me: do not, if you value yourself, get involved with Sherlock Holmes. It would only be of detriment to you."
"Well, I guess I just got lucky -" He had stopped suddenly, looking at her and seeing within her eyes an absolutely terrifying glimmer of determination; damn, she was clever. It was the only time they'd spent alone in the last few days since the whole 'relationship' talk had come up and it was clear that she was going to make the most of it. "Well, I'm not going to fall into
And this, Sherlock knew, was why it was a terrible, awful, painstakingly bad idea for John to be in his room, on his bed, in the dark: he was now in a staring match with a man who was looking at him with all the transparency of a window and he could see as clear as day where John's mind was and where it would take them – not that Sherlock was so hesitant to allow it. Not that he didn't want John to reach for him. Not that he didn't want to feel John's lips on his. Not that he didn't -
no warning signs. I came home early after my lecturer didn't turn up one day and his bedroom door was closed – it's
Staring at him, John's tongue darted out from between his lips, the soft skin suddenly dry. "No. I was fine until two months ago, you know that already."
John sighed. Was it actually worth trying to explain himself? “I meant escalated as in… well. Look at us.” He extended his hand, directing it first to Sherlock and then back to himself. “We’ve known each other two weeks and already I’ve told you you’re an arsehole, admitted that you’re my friend, got raving drunk at your house and had someone assume that we’re gay together
Please note: The following includes quite a bit of swearing and some drinking, including drinking games. If that offends you, don't read it. :) It involves a real drinking game, though I've chosen which rules go where so it may not be accurate to any version that you know yourself. I'll supply the rules at the end of the next chapter!
"Good question. Hang on." There was a slight muffling sound, the gentle hum of a female murmur in the background. "Right, sorry. Katie was wondering who was dickish enough to text me this time of the morning."
John glimpsed them both alternately, to the older Holmes brother with his combined look of determination and concern and the younger Holmes brother with a stare of boredom and mild irritation. It was almost amusing. Almost. “Sorry to interrupt you both during your staring competition, but it’s not getting any easier to stay conscious…”
again whilst climbing rocks. In fact, if he remembered correctly, his mother had forbidden them to climb on them again after that and promptly blamed John for not looking after his sister properly.
worry about you. No matter how much you tell me not to, that you can handle it, I'm still going to worry. And it would make me feel a lot better about all of this if you took the first step with me."
His name is like a whip against bare flesh but he won't allow it, he cannot allow it when he is pouring out his heart and leaving it on the ground to be stepped upon – "I want you to
"All right. I'll come. But," he quickly said, raising a finger in the air, "only if you promise to stop acting like a child. And next time actually eat some of your dinner."
"I don't understand what you're saying." The words were simple, strong; the look in Sherlock's eyes was not. "What are you implying?"
A tiny smile as Mycroft swung the door closed. “Sherlock. John.” The door closed behind him, as quiet as the man himself; Sherlock leaned over into the bay window and shouted (apparently not caring that Greg was attempting sleep):
man who was so warm and welcoming and offered him a stability that Sherlock could not? How could John, in his right mind, find Sherlock a better choice for his confidant? He knew himself to be unfailingly unpleasant. True, he had softened somewhat in the last month or so, but that meant nothing. First impressions, as he had said the first time he met John face-to-face, were impossibly important. And he had not made a good one.
"I don't want to think. I've done enough thinking." John was shaking his head, no longer looking into Sherlock's eyes and instead looking at his own hands gripping onto Sherlock so hard that his knuckles had turned white. "I can think some more later, much later, because if I start thinking now then we'll end up stepping back from this whole thing and right now, right now, Sherlock, I'm pretty far finished with stepping back. I don't want to do that."
You tell me to throw myself off a building when in fact it's something that's crossed your mind for yourself, the idea of that final push so that you no longer have to deal with the utter drab and dull of a life you had thought would be so satisfying, so fulfilled. You're so disappointed in yourself, full of guilt for what you think you can no longer achieve and some days you are so very full of those thoughts which you cannot quite comprehend that you allow yourself to think for one, freeing moment that perhaps the answer is to, in fact, just throw yourself off of a building or a bridge and no longer have the capability to think at all.
Sherlock said nothing. Not a word. John's stomach might as well have been one, giant knot. He had to keep talking, had to smooth this over.
me. And I..." John broke off, his knuckles white as he tightened his grip on the wooden instrument in his hand. He allowed himself a moment. "And I haven't even done anything to you. To deserve that. Nothing."
John laughed, the sound loud in the empty night air. "Sounds like a brilliant night to me, I wouldn't mind being propositioned!"
John's eyes were solemn as they flickered over Sherlock's face, searching. "No, no... you want something, you're in need of something -"
He caught it the moment it appeared – the almost delicious flicker of resistance against John's torn expression. He felt the shudder of weakness that resonated through John's body, saw the separation of lips as a stuttered exhale of breath fell against Sherlock's throat. He liked that. He liked that a lot. He wanted more of it, wanted more moments of John not being able to pretend – because surely he was pretending. Surely he couldn't miss the intent behind Sherlock's intensity.
John didn’t seem at all surprised by this, simply nodding in agreement and straightening up. “Yeah. Yeah, sorry about that.”
The grin spread across John's face like melted butter. "Me too. Quick, Mycroft's scratching his arse -"
"You've been in group before and it didn't take. What's so different this time? What do you think could have possibly - no, no, y'know what? I really don't want to be talking about this. Not now." John half-turned away from Neil, dragging his top teeth over his lower lip as he attempted to once again rein himself in. "I respect... that you're trying to turn things around. And I respect that, at some point, we need to have some sort of conversation about... everything. But not today. Not during this visit." He forced his eyes up to meet his father's, a quick jerk of the head to the side in refusal. "Let's just focus on making this as easy as possible for Mum. I assume you still care about her feelings? Somewhere inside of you?"
"Oh, heavens no!" Mycroft's eyes widened, leaning back slightly in his apparent shock at such a suggestion. "No, that is not at all what I'm suggesting. Quite the contrary – for the first time in his life Sherlock has seemingly
"Okay." John's body seemed to lean away slightly, distancing himself from the words he so obviously wanted to say. "All right. Another time."
"No, I mean..." God, for a genius Sherlock was almost impossibly, irritatingly ignorant. It seemed to be a trait they both upheld admirably. "You and me. The both of us. Our... thing. We're good?"
Sighing, Sherlock moved his head forward gradually until it came to rest on his hands; to John it was a sign of defeat, a sign of giving up. He felt no victory, though, as the man spoke in low, dragging tones. "I thought...
Sherlock's grip tightened, his voice becoming… angry? Irritated? "You need a doctor, you might need blood -"
John was now right behind him, enough that he could hear his slight breathlessness in every inhale he took. "We can't fix this if you keep running away from the problem; if you'd just told me about it last night -"
"Yeah, well, you're not the only one," John muttered, shoving his hands in his pockets and staring at the floor. "What are we supposed to do? Follow him?"
"So you see that last night doesn't change anything, okay? You can be intense and get angry at me for things and misunderstand and be a sociopath and
-" John steeled himself carefully, controlling the excessive volume and taking a step closer as he leaned in to deliver his words more quietly, urgently, angrily - "don't tell me it's not worth this, don't look me in the eye and tell me that
to see yourself, the way you were… barely standing. It's difficult for me to put it into words, John, as I only saw you a few times before I started becoming something of a distraction to you and much of that communication was via an instant messaging service, however it was evident to me upon our first meeting in the very least that I had severely underestimated quite how severe your depression was."
"John, you -" Sherlock was pushing himself up slightly, frowning so intently that it was a little uncomfortable on his brow, " – I did not
"And as I recall you kissed me pretty fucking hard," John reminded him, his tone suddenly deeper and slightly throaty, "and had your fingers digging right into my chest -"
A laugh echoed around the table, the girls in particular giggling to themselves at the potential double-meaning; Greg put his arm around the girl called Lauren, murmuring something to her that was no doubt utterly indecent and would likely lead to Sherlock spending the night downstairs. Sherlock did not miss it, rolling his pale blue-green eyes and taking a sip of his drink.
"William." She leaned forward in her seat and was looking at him with such warm eyes that he suddenly saw John leaning across from him instead, his eyes kind, non-judgemental. After last night he was unsure he would ever see that look again. It made him feel sick. He had to get out. "What are you so afraid of?"
and the name directly under it – he unlocked his phone and brought it close to his face, eyes scanning the few words feverishly.
John eyed his friend for a moment before slowly starting to eat again. "Right. Okay. Though, I have to ask…" He hesitated, not sure how to phrase it without sounding like an arse. "Is it really…
"Fuck off and tell me. What, I haven't been honest with you tonight? Your turn, mate, don't be a dick."
Sherlock brought his thumb lightly over the bandage wrapped around John's injured hand and let it trail back to the wrist, the delicate skin and its myriad of veins beneath the gentle pressure seeming to rise and yearn against him – his own eyes found themselves closing as he felt the pace of John's pulse quicken, storing the information away and knowing that he would foolishly replay it a thousand times under the canopy of darkness in his bedroom. He inhaled deeply, the tiniest of growls aching in the back of his throat as he tasted John once more, forcing his eyes to open and focus on the almost pained level of intensity on John's face – a face that Sherlock had memorised, without his realisation. He knew every crease, every dip, every curve. He wanted to see his favourite half-smile, because against his better judgement he had allowed the concept of 'favourites' to enter his system like a drug; he had picked, chosen, acknowledged these favourites and now wanted them all in front of him so that he could feast on them and make himself believe that he wasn't simply going insane and that this weakness could be made a strength were John to feel the way that he did.
John caught up quickly, letting go of Sherlock's arms and straightening his spine in his attempt to match up to Sherlock's height; he pulled his brows down into a frown, his eyes sharpening into a glare as he let himself fall into a character as easily as he had done as a child. "I don't
Sherlock’s eyes raised haltingly to meet Mycroft’s. “He got hurt, Mycroft. He got hurt and it was my fault.”
here is. All I care about, and it seems to me that I'm the only one giving a shit about this right now, is making sure that Sherlock doesn't completely fall apart before there's a chance to hold him together. I think it's probably high time that everybody just
He could not tear his eyes away from the sight of it: his muse and his instrument. The smoky blue eyes that he had wanted to fix onto his as he had walked in were now even better placed in their intent appraisal over the deeply toned wood, skating over the strings along with delicate fingertips and emitting a faint sound that skittered across the space between them and made Sherlock feel quite crooked, the very idea that John would give a touch of such care and elegance to an instrument that Sherlock himself paid the greatest attention to on a daily basis – always when John was not there. Always when John would not hear. It had not come up in conversation and Sherlock could not for the life of him think of why he had not told his best friend yet that he played the violin and that, to him, it was one of the only vices he had which did not threaten or damage him in some way.
for an excuse to let out some of her bitterness, John, and you being the little golden boy who could do no wrong meant that every mistake I made was just another reason for her to project her own feelings of failure onto me.”
If he was going to say it, he may as well get it over with. "You do know... that... earlier. Earlier, when you... when I was smiling."
Where they ended up, after another half an hour of driving, couldn't have been more different from their planned, heavily-populated day in Portsmouth.
John grinned slightly, rubbing his eyes and pushing himself so that he was sitting up properly. "Bet you're not his favourite person."
“No,” she said gently, leaning forward and steepling her fingers in front of her, resting her chin lightly on top of her fingertips. “I mean talk to someone who... might be able to help you.”
The older man was gripping the spatula so tight he was surprised it was still in one piece. "I'm glad I came, Sherlock. I'm glad. Because it gave me a chance to see how utterly pointless it is to try and break past that iceberg of a defensive wall you've built up - you haven't even given me a chance, which is pretty shitty when I came here with the intention of giving you a million of them."
"Phone's broken," John quickly lied, knowing his excuse to be lame but lacking the motivation to think of something better. "It's knackered, can't get calls or texts."
"Ooookay, you have to stop that now," John breathed, tearing his eyes from the heated stare and taking a step to the side – if only to remind himself that he
Glancing at his watch and squeezing his eyes tightly shut, he wondered to himself how much longer he could put off talking to Mike about the party that evening; he couldn't avoid it forever, especially as Mike had been so enthusiastic in his texts about him going. Though he'd managed his first set of classes for the first time in a while that very day, he was so exhausted from the sheer effort of leaving his room that he had a sneaking suspicion that even if he were to attend he would manage to stay for a maximum of ten minutes before begging off and leaving early.
He tightened his grip on the wrist he held so close to himself, his thumb skating once more over the incalescent skin beneath his grasp. "Do it. Look at me, now."
“Well, we both know I'm not going to reply,” John muttered, leaning back in his chair and staring at the screen, fingers drumming idly on the desk. “Superior brain – Jesus Christ. I'll give you a superior brain...”
"It's pathetic," he said bluntly, unforgiving. "It was not my intention to speak of it. Of anything."
John’s response was interrupted by yet another buzzing from within his pocket; he plucked the phone from his pocket and ignored Mycroft’s sigh, eyes scanning the message quickly:
"Yes yes, I'm a black pot, I know," Sherlock cut across irritably, eyes flashing. "And my hair isn't rough or frizzy, thank you very much, not that it matters."
"That's not even faintly amusing," Sherlock cut across him sharply, eyes blazing wintry irritation, "so don't even joke about it."
"To thank you," he said quietly, tightening his arms just for a moment, noting with an odd surge of emotion that she smelled of citrus and comfort, "and because I don't really know what to say."
John's eyes flickered to the china on the sideboard with a hazy glance; Sherlock was going to explain? No, no he wouldn't. He wouldn't explain what was really going on. John wasn't idiotic enough to think that Sherlock had changed his mind overnight. He nodded, still staring at the china, wanting to be compliant and not make this anymore awkward than it had to be.
"When I took you on as my... mentee, shall we say, I was well aware of what I was undertaking. I understood the level of your depression and your dislike for assistance in all forms; it would take an idiot not to read that in your written tone, and as we've very well established, an idiot I am not."
When William spoke, his deep voice was thoughtful. "So depression really does affect relationships quite as dramatically as they say?"
" He put his glass down and started to eat again, a little slower now that they seemed to be actually conversing rather than on the verge of leaving. "What changed?"
"It'd make more sense if he grew out of the ground," John said with a small smile, a tiny bubble of warmth settling in his stomach. Fondness. "All right, but like you said, he's unique. What could he possibly see in me that he hasn't found in someone else?"
Mycroft seemed to perk up after hearing this, John now unable as he was to keep his voice quiet. "Perhaps we should take a litter tray with us, Mummy, it would seem that John has some trouble with his bladder."
He met the look head-on, determined not to be stared down by this man who he still kind-of-definitely wanted to punch in the face. “Why don’t we start with hello and work our way around to who belongs to whom, hm?”
It was then that John felt it: the grin, the slight buzz in his head, the strange and mild leaping sensation in his stomach... the
John glanced up from his phone, the low evening sun coming in through the conservatory windows and momentarily blinding him as he squinted across to meet the serious gaze of his best friend. "What?"
The entire table stared at him. Greg eyed the two of them closely through his haze of inebriation, seemingly on the edge of something as his eyes began to narrow, his lips separating, mind looking as if it were going into overdrive... but he stopped himself. His lips closed, his eyes opened back up properly and he cleared his throat, bringing the attention back to him.
"Prove it." John shrugged as if it didn't much matter, pouring vegetable oil into the pan and reaching out for a knife to slice through the top of the plastic packaging of the mince. "Do something useful without complaining like a pre-adolescent."
"Love is like... well, you know what love is. It's a deep, personal thing you feel for someone you care deeply about, something that develops slowly and one day you reach the not unpleasant realisation that you love them. Or you just love someone automatically 'cos they're family."
the entire way here just to get to you and I cannot condone those words coming out of your mouth telling me that this is not worth anything to me. It is worth...
"Aren't you? It would be perfectly understandable; after all, he's using you." He did not wait for John to question it. "A boy like him embarking on a friendship with a depressive, an easy way to ensure he always has the upper hand - he knows you'll always be too grateful to let go of him, too sentimental in your thanks to abandon him. He's found everything he needs in you, John – that is, someone who simply cannot possibly function without him."
Sherlock's head did an odd little jerk. "It doesn't matter." He crossed the room and placed the bowl on the coffee table, stepping away instantly and back over to the doorway. "I'll give you some privacy to do what you need to do. You should probably try to get some more rest afterwards; Greg is out all evening so he won't disturb you."
that. I don't think it would have changed him or how he is. It would have just made him even more unreachable."
"Yes, John," Sherlock interrupted with an audible sigh, turning and slipping his hands into his coat pockets, "that's fine. I will tell you."
A look of pure Sherlockian disgust crossed the genius's pale face, allowing his eyes to meet John's so that the man opposite him could see just how ridiculous he found his question. "Don't be absurd, John. I can only take so much stupid from you at one time."
He didn't count his attempt at breaking John's resolve to maintain their friendship as his first; in his mind the ideology behind a kiss was that it was something to be shared between two people holding a similar regard for each other, something intimate that was reciprocated on both ends. The pushing of his lips against John's in Greenwich Park had not been an act of affection or romance, rather it had been a desperate act of trying to sever ties with a man who had been so very stubborn, so very determined that Sherlock had seen no other possible way of convincing him that things could not simply 'go back to normal'. Because none of it had been normal for Sherlock. None of it had been par for the course or an experience he was at all familiar with. The whole situation had been littered with 'firsts' and now, here he was, standing in the hallway of his home with John grabbing fistfuls of his shirt between his very capable fingers and dragging him down to give him his first taste of what it was like to have his feelings reciprocated.
"Deeeniiiial," Harry sang, off-note and off-putting. "Come back to me in another month's time and tell me you haven't fallen head over heels for him. I'll give you my guitar."
John found himself with a sleepy, so-tiny-it-almost-isn't-there grin curving the corners of his mouth up slightly, nodding despite knowing William could not see. Twenty-six, eh? He seriously hadn't seen THAT coming.
"Did you enjoy Sherlock's performance last night, then, John?" Mycroft seemed to have no qualms with interrupting his mother, raising his eyebrow as he looked across the table and met John's eyes with a look that was far too knowledgeable for his comfort. "I'm sure you were absolutely...
second thoughts on the table they would be brought up and discussed, not left to fester and develop. He had to have faith that this remained to be true and therefore that whatever
At that, both Sherlock and Lewis turned their backs on one another and began to walk in opposite directions, no further need to talk; John quickly took a few steps to catch up with his tall friend, keeping his mouth shut firmly until they reached the entrance to the alleyway once more before he finally allowed himself a moment to speak.
John watched warily as Sherlock seemed to check himself, eyes flashing with confusion before he snapped his spine straight and took a quick step back; the rapid cycling of his thoughts were almost visible, transforming from the man who had been almost unrecognisable in his proximity, the purr of his low voice as he made promises that John was almost certain were made purely in the heat of being
"Oh please, you've never felt better," Sherlock said triumphantly, tilting his chin up as he raked his eyes over his friend. "Look at you, you're the epitome of 'jacked up' just from climbing through a window."
Sherlock's lip curled slightly – apparently John's attempt to be inoffensive had been unsuccessful. "Your observational skills are, as ever, a credit to your intelligence. If you hadn't noticed, John, those are three traits that I tend to exhibit on a daily basis with or without the help of this infernal traffic and therefore your commenting upon them is completely unnecessary."
over the last few days in regards to technique; there was no awkward over-dynamism or static hesitance anymore, it was all a constant ebb and flow of rhythm and gentle, insistent movement. He waited until he could feel Sherlock propelling himself forward into the kiss, the slight shake of his body beneath John's as he used his upper-body strength to push himself further up and into where their lips were joined encouraging John to take the next step, separating his lips and breathing out onto the soft texture that seemed to stretch and yearn towards him, to taste and understand: Sherlock's apparent craving for him was the most delicious validation that John had ever experienced and it felt like the most natural thing in his world to let his tongue skate lightly over Sherlock's lower lip, not going any further so as to let Sherlock know that the pacing was all on him, completely within his control. A finger escaped from his gentle grip on Sherlock's shoulder and edged towards his friend's collarbone, the ensuing whispering caress over the warm skin causing the man below him to shiver, the tiniest tremble that exhaled in a shaking breath as Sherlock's lips seemed to part more.
were beside him – not just anyone, but... him. Sherlock. He wanted to be with his best friend and, very strange indeed, he wanted Sherlock to have heard the way he had spoken of their time together. He wanted Sherlock to have heard the sheer amount of detail and the unhidden emotion beneath each word, to understand just how clear these memories were and how tight John kept hold of them deep beneath his calm.
Again, John waited patiently, if not a little awkwardly; Sherlock's eyes were once again flicking between the table and his face. His voice was still sounding a little odd, a little hoarse as if he had not spoken for days.
Sherlock nodded and motioned towards the open space of darkness in front of them. "Can we continue?"
The car was black, shaded windows, impossibly shiny; John stared at it for a few moments before a suited man climbed out of the drivers seat and nodded to him, smoothing his tie. "John Watson?"
level of acceptance tonight, even if it wasn't the whole story. "You said it yourself that you were deeply concerned."
"Huh." The man was clearly considering this. "Well if you don't mind, Shezza, I'm gonna have to have a little look myself. Can't risk it, you know. Lotta enemies."
“I knew you had this place bugged!” Greg cried, pointing at him accusatorily. “I told you -” His finger moved around the room to point at both Mycroft and John, nodding fervently, “– I told you, didn’t I?”
"No," John shut the door and turned to his friend, trying to look as serious as he could whilst Sherlock was practically pouting like a child, "no, we're all going to eat together and it will be something that we make from scratch. Or, y'know, sort of from scratch. Something that hasn't come out of the microwave. If you really want Thai we can pick up a sauce from the supermarket and make our own."
John nodded, feeling a pity of unwelcome tension knotting like a ball in the pit of his stomach just at the possibility of having Sherlock come face-to-face with his family. “Yeah.”
"Have you been to a doctor?" John stepped over a pair of jeans he'd discarded on the floor earlier, sitting on the desk chair opposite Sherlock and taking in the man's appearance with a concerned frown. "You look terrible."
"John has no expectations of me," Sherlock replied shortly, narrowing his glacial eyes. "It is one of the reasons I agreed to come here in the first place. It was a request, not a demand." He looked away for a moment before reluctantly looking back at her questioning gaze. He repeated his initial assessment. "John has no expectations of me."
She glanced down at the feather duster in her hand, a laugh leaving her lips as she backed out of the way and motioned for him to come inside. Instantly the familiar scent of lemon kitchen-cleaner and Shake n' Vac washed over him, nostalgia encompassing him like a tent. "Yes, wasn't quite expecting you 'til a bit later. Never mind, you can help me if you like." Another short staccato of laughter. "Only joking, love, you get yourself settled. Want a cuppa? How was your journey?"
It was William's turn to clearly be holding something back, his silence speaking volumes; John picked up on it immediately.
The two of them sat in silence for a few moments, John's mind suddenly far more alert than it had been all evening and coursing its way over a mountain of thoughts and darting over rivers of doubt. It made sense and was
"How did I..." The laptop almost falling to the ground, John's hand coming down heavily on the keyboard. "Oh. I did do that."
He could barely bring himself to but, from somewhere inside of himself, he raised his head and looked his mother straight in the eyes; it was terrible. It was... familiar. They'd taken on that dead-eyed glaze, the haziness of cutting off from the moment, the same look she'd had so,
An eyebrow rose; Mycroft looked as close to surprised as his stern face was capable of. "Are you trying to communicate to me that you do, in fact, return them? Have you had an
The light within Sherlock's eyes slowly started to dull; the intensity which had lingered before began to seep out like smoke and evaporated in the space around them until finally he was looking at John with all the emotion of a husk.
He had to know. He had to know if there was any possibility that John would eventually come to realise, if not his own possible feelings, then at least the reality of Sherlock's.
"All right then, Tim, the boys seem to be up for it!" Wanda flashed a self-satisfied smile at the two of them before tapping her hand to the dashboard. "Onwards, then, to adventure!"
“ - I can't quite understand how this has happened. I'll always accept you, as you are, but this... this isn't you. This isn't at all like you.”
"I mean it." John's voice was strong, a little raw. "If you so much as reach for me I'll defend myself in a heartbeat."
Despite still doing the latter, he began to read. Unsurprisingly, William had once again managed to turn what was an uninteresting mass of writing into something vaguely (all right, more than vaguely) entertaining. Over half of the added notes were genuinely helpful, full of tweaks to his own comments which not only managed to explain his points in a more concise manner but explained how to write his thoughts down better in note-form in order for his brain to then regurgitate the information successfully into an essay; what really surprised John, however, were the rest of William's comments. Somehow bouncing off of John's own gentle attempts at humour (most of which were originally responses to William's snarkier edits on the course material), the man had created what John could only describe as mild banter, sometimes even being somewhat complimentary and congratulatory in their tone.
this was not simply an act between two men... it was an act of determination and desperation and desire between two people who had reached a point where it was essentially pointless to consider other options outside of each other; he did not need to think of anyone else, nor did he want to. He was wholly, absolutely, nonsensically fixated on Sherlock now, and it was beyond comprehension to even imagine that there could be anything
"Oh god," John moaned, grabbing Sherlock's glass for him and gesturing to the girl opposite him. "Could you pass me the vodka? And some lemonade?"
"That's perfectly understandable," the counsellor said calmly, spreading out his hands as John had done before. "It often feels like a sign of weakness, trying to seek out help. It makes us feel as if we can't be independent. Like we can't keep control over our own lives."
The music, the sound of people and the clinking of glasses were the first things he noticed – he realised later that this was most likely a response to the sheer shock of it all, a culture shock, a lack of everything that he recognised from his own life and the addition of everything he had never sought out or pined for. There were richly-dressed couples all over the hall, talking in small groups and laughing gaily as they accepted tall flutes of champagne from straight-backed waiters, the gentle melody of a grand piano playing in the very centre of the room on a raised platform drifting in and out of their conversations as if it were of little consequence. There were at least a hundred people in there already, and the ballroom – though stunning to view and large by any standards of a room – was surely only big enough for one hundred and fifty at most. John found that he was almost latching himself onto to the back of Mycroft's tails in order to stay with the family-minus-one, feeling almost like a child in the wake of all the things he was seeing and was going to experience.
"Of course," Sherlock muttered, taking it from John with a tug and turning his back to the shorter man as he placed the two glasses down with a gentle clatter to the counter, taking in a few deep breaths as he twisted off the cap. "A large glass of wine." He poured the deep ruby liquid into each glass with surprisingly steady hands, levelling them out until each glass held an equal amount – it must be equal, equality was imperative for whatever reason his over-clocked mind had decided upon – and finally picking one up and turning back around. John was already waiting, fingers outstretched.
John turned. "Look at it this way, okay? You're about to spend an hour with people you care nothing about and you have to at least look vaguely interested in whatever they're saying -"
Sherlock was looking at him like he was a madman. "Your skills? You think that we're friends because of your skills?"
Greg cast his eyes warily around the room. “I’ve always wondered if he’s somehow bugged the living room. Threatened to do it after I had sex with some girl on his armchair.”
So he slept a little more. He got up at around 1pm, forcing himself to go through the motions and shower, ate a handful of cornflakes from the box he kept in his room for when he really couldn't face going to the kitchen and got dressed – clean clothes today, though not what he would usually wear: a hoodie and a favourite pair of jeans that had been too small for him for years but were now fitting quite comfortably since he'd started to lose weight. He crawled back into bed for a little while longer, staring blearily at the laptop perched next to him on the desk chair, but no email from William ever appeared. Unsurprising. He turned himself away from the laptop, facing the wall as he stared at the soul-damagingly boring magnolia paint and slowly let his eyes close into yet another dull drift of sleep.
The genius slid a card from the masses, dragging it with his fingertips to the edge of the table and flipping it over only as it threatened to fall into his lap. He stared at it for a moment before shrugging, turning it around so that the rest of the group could see. "Ten. What does that mean?"
"I can handle myself," Sherlock practically growled, his grip on the glass turning his knuckles white, "I don't need you to pity me, John Watson."
The smirk in her tone radiated through the phone and against his slightly flushed cheek. "He answered it pretty quick. Almost as if it were… on his bed."
"No," Sherlock said shortly, taking a step towards John; for a moment John thought he was disagreeing with his acquiescence. "You can't use that hand. Do it with your right hand."
John allowed himself one last grin as he begrudgingly began entering Jim's e-mail address, tapping down to the main body of the e-mail and forcing himself to focus on the task at hand despite knowing as he did that he had no idea what he was supposed to say. A gentle calm settled over the three of them, Wanda humming again and Tim occasionally murmuring to himself about whatever he was reading about Goring United; John closed his eyes momentarily to let the contentment of the moment settle over him, not for the first time wondering how he would ever be able to go back to his ordinary life after having experienced such quiet happiness in this wonderful family home. He hadn't had a single moment to himself to let his depression start to edge its way in, and he could quite easily say that he would allow himself to never have a single moment of privacy again if it meant he could stay here and be eternally distracted by Wanda's insistent care-giving and Tim's gentle-mannered humour.
John stood, pocketing his phone, directing the conversation back to the matter at hand, already feeling his body start to hum; he was getting edgy. “Shall I go and get him?”
By the time the first day was done – notes typed up with a few of the less jokey of his own opinions and responses left in – he was completely wiped out; there had been a few moments whilst compiling his notes that he had wanted to quickly fit in a nap, moments where his mind had drifted off and he'd found himself staring blankly at the door and wondering why he was even bothering when he was still likely to fail the course after the extreme damage he'd already done to his grades. It was undeniable, however, that once he'd sent off the notes to William with a single, impersonal line of text (
"I don't," he continued to deny, shaking his head back and forth as he once again wished he'd just hung up and let them have sex, "I don't love Sherlock, I
"My brother is a complicated soul, John," Mycroft said stiffly, ignoring his comment entirely. "He doesn't
He had to hand it to her – she seemed to genuinely be considering his words. He watched, fingers drumming against his biceps, as she allowed her thoughts to deconstruct his words; he hadn't ever really studied her before, taken much notice of her, something which seemed strange now that he thought about it considering that they were twins, but now – given the opportunity – he found his eyes roving his sister as if he had never seen her before in his life. He took in, as she mused inwardly, the way she chewed on her lower lip (fuller than his), the small crinkles at the side of her eyes (he had those, too), the subtle squared shape to her head (also like himself); he noticed, to his surprise, that she had an identical little groove on the left side of her face much like his, that her eyelashes were as long as his, that she balled up her fists when she was thinking of things she would rather not think about, as he did. Her dress sense was about as far from his as you could get – eclectic, colourful, bold – and her hair was a wild array of blondes and cut in some shaggy, choppy way that he assumed was probably fashionable, putting her at a considerable distance from his darker, subtle tones of colour and his own uniformly cut hair (even if it was a little longer than usual, not to mention messy as hell from lounging around on his bed with her for half the afternoon) – there were many differences, it was true, but the similarities he was noticing now were almost alarming. He had never really felt a connection with Harriet Watson, regardless of the twenty-three years they'd shared, but he was beginning to.
"Never in your life have you followed through with something just because someone told you to." He waited to see if Sherlock would respond to that statement alone; he didn't. "And yet here you are, playing a drinking game
Nina smiled slightly. "No expectations." Something flickered behind her eyes, something akin to interest – clearly she had picked up on something. He had already said too much about the very subject he had identified as not up for discussion just moments ago. "Everybody has expectations."
"That's what I thought," William murmured, turning his intense eyes back to John. "You have to give your friend a good first impression of me, Greg. First impressions are
His words were like blows. John knew, his head telling him quite loudly, that Sherlock was clearly not in his right mind and was beyond irrational at that moment, but the fact that he was essentially saying the things that John himself had been considering these last few days – that one day Sherlock would wake up and realise that John was, as Mycroft had said so correctly, too ordinary to waste his time on – was just a little too close to home for comfort.
“That John Watson is the most ignorant man I have ever met in my life. And we are, at the very least in my own estimation, in a relationship that extends beyond the realms of friendship.”
"Fuck my parents," John swore, incensed and overtly impassioned, "I don't care what they think. It's really not about that, Sherlock, I swear to you. I just... if we're going to try, we need to be careful. Because I meant what I said before, all right? Our friendship, I'm not going to risk losing it. It's more important to me than any
"Your eyes are full of it," Sherlock said through gritted teeth, eyes still blazing but body beginning to wilt in exhaustion, "and it makes me feel sick. It makes me feel
Wanda's smile spoke volumes. "Oh, that was it! I was having trouble remembering what he called Redbeard. Yes, that's right, and he called himself William the Brave, with Redbeard the Hairy. Delightful. I always wondered if I should be concerned that his only friend was the dog but in the end he was happy so I didn't see a problem with it. Perhaps I should have forced him to meet other children."
behaviour that had caused such problems between their mother and Harry – and instead settled on plucking his phone from the bedside table next to him, flipping it open to check the time. Seeing that it was only ten minutes until dinner – his mother had been extremely specific regarding which time they would be expected downstairs – he opened his mouth to announce that they should abort their bonding time and make their way to what would be the most awkward family gathering ever, but Harry beat him to speech before he had a chance.
When Sherlock spoke, his voice was laced with a steely resoluteness. "All right then. So we're both agreed it's high time you start dealing with your depression properly?"
Sherlock snorted in derision, looking away. “Biological urges. You make me sound like a… a sex-obsessed ruffian.”
"SHE'S THE ONE WHO GAVE ME HER NUMBER AT THE FIRST PARTY!" Mike had leaned in closer as if to whisper a secret, yet his yelled just as loud as he had been yelling before... still, at least John could hear him now. "WE'VE BEEN TEXTING LOADS AND SHE PROMISED SHE'D COME TONIGHT!"
A snort came from the other end of the phone. "What, you're allowed to call me at unspeakably early hours of a morning and I'm not?"
John glanced away. "No. No, I'm not saying one way or another. But I've... allowed myself... to think about it. About how I might feel."
John's muscles coiled, irritation tripping into anger. "So... you're pissed off at me for drinking? Is that what this is about?"
like a human being – when this had changed, he hadn't really noticed. It had just become part of his new routine. Not bothering... yes, that was his new routine. He had no idea how to change that. He wouldn't see a counsellor – damn Joanne for even suggesting it, damn her – and he wouldn't talk to anyone, wouldn't lean on anyone, he could deal with this alone...
He took a fierce satisfaction from knowing just how much it would irritate Sherlock to know what he was saying.
Walking past Sherlock into the living room, settling himself down on the soft leather sofa and leaning back in the hopes that he could at least appear to be completely nonchalant – as he had been trying to appear all evening – John watched as Sherlock passed him and settled, naturally, into his armchair; the taller man crossed his legs elegantly and allowed himself a few moments of silence before he began to speak.
"John, I'd like to introduce you to Lady Brooke Londonderry, the lady of the house. Brooke and I went to the same school," she explained lightly, the look in her eyes full of meaning – that is, telling him to shut up and not say a single word about what she'd said before entering the house. "A few years below me, if I remember correctly?"
Sherlock -" John broke off again, head spinning at his own phrasing - "is a self-diagnosed bloody sociopath
"Apology accepted," she said with a forced smile, glancing sideways at John – he realised that she was probably hideously unaware that he knew of Sherlock's habit and was now incredibly embarrassed; he suddenly wanted to hug and reassure her, the wine probably partly responsible for the influx of warm feelings towards her. "What I was going to say was that my sister developed a rather strong liking of the painkillers she got after a back injury from falling from a horse. It very nearly became a problem."
"Because you still look like you're suffering simply from talking about her." Sherlock stopped in his tracks again, his gaze suddenly so intense and focused on John that even if Sherlock
someone to spend his time with. You have to understand, John, any playmates or acquaintances in my brother's life have been there merely out of circumstance or necessity. This is... the first time I've ever known him to choose to interact with someone. More to the point, that particular someone has chosen to interact with him and seemingly
It was impossible. Even without his depression John was too ordinary for a man like Sherlock Holmes.
"Course it does." Harry was obviously grinning, her tone entirely changed. She was enjoying herself. At least somebody was. "My point is, she was totally obsessed and she wouldn't leave me alone for
"It was constructive criticism. You should have taken it as kindly advice and taken it as a challenge. That was my intention."
"That's not true," he argued lamely, thanking his inner voice for saying the right thing for once. "You know how I feel about the person you are, you know that I don't even understand why you -"
Sherlock hesitated, his mind starting to unfurl as confusion reigned. "I'm very... unsure as what to say. Or do. John, quite frankly I'm very much out of my comfort zone so you'll have to humour me and explain what you're thinking."
The voice was also very close. Why was it so close? "I've cleaned the cut as best I can, I just need to bandage it now. Keep still."
They weren't the only ones to end up singing along to the radio, however; eventually John felt comfortable enough that he started singing quietly along to various tunes – most enthusiastically (and embarrassingly) to 'It's My Life' by Bon Jovi – and, for the most unreal three minutes of his life, John actually experienced hearing
The laugh that barked from John's throat was humourless, flat. "In case you haven't noticed, Sherlock,
"God, yeah, was brilliant – got some girls number," Mike added casually, clearly elated but determined not to show it, "and got absolutely bladdered. He's doing another one next Friday, you should come – Mary'll probably be there."
Neil Watson stared at him as if he had never seen a human being before, eyes flitting behind the young man and skating across the sleek lines of the black limousine, then back to the steely ice of Sherlock's penetrating gaze. “I'm sorry, what? Who are you?”
And she was out of the door without another glance back, though in stark contrast to Sherlock's calm she slammed the door and left them both with the sound of it ringing in their ears. John glanced at him. "Well. She's nice."
John folded his arms, leaning back against the counter. "When was the last time you cooked something, Sherlock?"
He passed out within seconds, the faceless words of William Holmes still imprinted on his eyelids as he drifted off.
"Mm, well, he managed to get a position at Kwik Fit down the road a little while ago but he, ah... well, he got into a spot of trouble one day with a customer and had to take a little unpaid leave of absence for a while." Her cheeks were flushed, embarrassment obvious despite her blasé approach to it all. "So financially we're not as fluid as we'd like to be..."
He was still irritating. He still was frustrating beyond belief. Still. That was better than the usual bout of nothing.
John stared at him, the cogs of his own mind almost visibly whirring under the scrutiny of Sherlock's intense gaze; he was clearly coming to his own realisation of the language Sherlock had used. He took a moment before seemingly making a decision. "I wouldn't have said it if I didn't mean it." The two of them gazed at one another for what seemed like aeons to Sherlock, though most likely the meaning was lost to John. "Go on. Show me."
"Yeah, well, the details are pretty important," John muttered, rolling his eyes, "especially as apparently I was reading the whole situation wrong from the start."
Sherlock had decided (or more likely been coerced by their mother) to come along; luckily Sherlock muttered about needing to go to the Post Office, slinking out of the little shop and down what could barely count as a high street without even a word of farewell and leaving John feeling an odd mixture of relieved and disappointed as he watched his friend walk away. He didn't have long to dwell over it, however, as Wanda soon took charge and demanded to see the shopkeeper's range of waistcoats.
“I’m pathetic?” Sherlock’s lips twisted into an unseemly sneer, his eyes tightening as he looked his brother up and down with blatant malice. “Says the man who has never even attempted to delve into the social cesspit that is humankind.”
"You leave your brother alone," Wanda lectured lightly, shaking her head as she placed her hands on her hips; it sounded very much like something she said often, a natural response. "Now, Mycroft, why don't you show John up to the guest bedroom so that he can get settled in? There's an en-suite bathroom attached, dear, so you needn't worry about your privacy."
For hours after the revelation, John found himself unable to grasp the concept; the mere idea that there was a human being on this earth selfless enough to not only kill a man to protect his best friend and his wife (who none-too-recently had almost been his murderer) but also willing to face certain death in order to pay for his actions was rather far beyond his understanding. The fact that this selfless man was
"Your counsellor." Sherlock glanced away and down at the laptop screen and the study plan he'd been going over for the last twenty minutes. "He's probably wondering what's happened to you."
John's eyes flickered down to Sherlock's lips and back up again, his eyes seeming torn between the two. "Yes." He cleared his throat, yet when he spoke again there was an unfamiliar raw tone to it that Sherlock had not heard before. "My tongue. I… yeah."
Though Sherlock still held the paper in front of his face, his eyes were not focused as he apparently considered John's words. The older man was not oblivious to the sheer effort that seemed to go into not looking at him; Sherlock was an observer. It was probably even more uncomfortable for him to
