"I'm fine, just disoriented," Tony says, which is the truth. The snow broke most of the fall. Aside from a few minor cuts and bruises, he's alright. It's not the worst mission he's been on. Yet.
Tony pursed his lips as if he were thinking over what he was going to say. "You're disciplined," he said after a moment. "And cautious."
And that’s how Steve found himself trailing behind Tony’s car on his bike. Giddiness bubbled up inside of him. Steve had seen the Compound as home, but the Tower, the Tower was where it had all started. After SHIELD had fallen, Steve, Natasha, and Clint had all finally taken Tony on his offer to stay in the Tower, Thor following along behind them after abnegating, and that had marked the beginning of their transition from team to
Natasha tilts her head at him again, and he hates how sweaty his palms have gotten, and the hummingbird beating of his heart, like his relationship with Steve hinges on her opinion.
. Steve couldn’t breathe and for a second he had a horrifying, sickening thought that the serum was failing and he was having an asthma attack even though he hadn’t had one in years.
Steve, Tony, and Bruce adjust to life after the Battle of New York and living in the tower together.
"I'm a man of my word," Tony replies.
Steve shook his head, which was the truth. He had heard of the Terminator movies in his original timeline but had never gotten around to watching them. “Afraid not.”
“What’s she doing this year?” he asks.
Natasha must have been trailing him to learn his schedule because Steve corners him right as he’s leaving his workshop to head up to Bruce’s floor. His fellow scientist was making curry, and Tony didn’t want to miss out before the other Avengers (vultures) devoured it.
Tony had nearly jumped for joy at the chance to mess around with his bike and soon after breakfast that morning, Steve had wheeled her up to Tony’s workshop.
Tony had completely wrapped himself, head and all, in a fluffy, fleece-lined red and gold blanket, little tufts of his hair poking out from where he had tossed the blanket over his head. Two house shoes with absolutely ginormous Iron Man themed heads adorned his feet. He looked absolutely ridiculous. And adorable.
That was…odd, but Bruce had told him the sorcerers had a flair for the dramatics. The inside of the building was done up in dark wood accents, ancient magical artifacts lining every wall. Steve wasn’t sure if magic had a distinct flavor, but he could sense
“It’s older than Cap,” Natasha throws in helpfully, smirking at Steve when he shoots her an exasperated look.
I don't know what the final chapter count of this fic is going to me but we're past the halfway point now. I'll try not to let months go in between updates next time. Once again, a big thank you to everyone who has stuck with me thus far.
Tony eyed Steve's hand like it was a stray animal fixing to bite him. "You would clean me?"
“What do you have here, anyway?” Tony said as he thumped the barrel behind his back. “Mead? Ale? Wine?”
“They’d heal a lot faster with the relics,” Bucky said. Steve frowned at him over Tony’s head but Bucky ignored him. “Did Steve tell you what I told him? About their powers?”
This chapter is a fill for my Tony Stark Bingo Square R2: Pining.
An hour later, the fire was burning merrily and everyone was clean and fed. Tony reached for his messenger bag while Sam showed Steve the curved blade of his sabre and they talked about the unique dappled pattern of the steel. He listened with half an ear to their discussion about the forging process as he flipped through the pages provided by Natasha yesterday; halfway through, a drawing caught his eye. Natasha’s spidery scrawl underneath it, written in code, said that people wearing this symbol on a signet were also asking for a man matching Bucky’s description.
“If those were his only sins I would not be half so-“
Sure, it could mean that your old pal Bucky ran across this poor Templar fleeing for his life and sent him to you to help. If your friend is an
“During this meeting, no matter what you hear in there,” Tony said urgently, willing Steve to understand how important this was, “
Tonight Steve and Tony had little appreciation for the bright light of the gibbous moon, which lit up the pale stone of the Vicomte de Chatellerault’s castle like a beacon in the night. It wasn’t a very large castle but it was built for war and well-maintained with a keep, towers in each corner and ramparts; the walls had high narrow windows for archers and the approach to the castle was clear of trees or underbrush that would hide someone’s approach.
“Correct. Are you ready to continue with your confession?” This was an escape that Stark always offered and Steve never accepted. He dreamed of this too much, needed it too much, to ever turn it down.
“Oh, yes, he’s very popular,” Natasha said with relish. “If you give the bard some coin, he will sing all that you care to hear.” Steve’s hand went to his belt automatically, but he forgot he didn’t have a coin purse because Tony had been handling the finances all trip. He held out a hand to Tony for some money and earned himself a dirty glare. Then to his surprise, a coin appeared in his hand and Natasha winked at him.
“I found a bunch of Steve Rodgers.” She held up the candle to the iron gate that secured the dungeon, showing half a dozen men assembled inside, staring at them with baffled hope. They were all tall and broad-shouldered with blonde hair and blue eyes. In fact, they all would have easily matched a description of Steve to someone who had never seen Steve before. "What would you call them? A herd? A flock?"
Tony made a rude noise at that and packed the pillow back in the trunk. “If your faith in God can be compromised by the presence of a pillow, I don’t think the pillow is the problem. But fine, I can find you a rock and some gravel to sleep on for the good of your soul.”
“A calling card. I am surprised to find that symbol here, though. If their reach has spread this far, that is very concerning. They thrive on chaos; they spread it wherever they go like the wake of a ship.”
“Right,” Steve said skeptically. “But what does it mean?”
"Then you've come to the right place, my child." Tony cleared his throat and sat up straight, lacing his fingers together and resting them on his desk. “Come closer.” Steve approached, gaze unwavering, but as he came closer Tony could see that his ears were red; he wasn’t as confident as he appeared, but he was determined.
“What? What power?” Steve said with confusion. “What are you talking about?”
“You look dyspeptic, Steve,” Tony said, shuffling his papers together and setting them aside. “What’s the matter?”
he imagined him saying.
On the other side of the castle, Tony heard an alarm bell ring; as he’d feared, the escaping knights had alerted the watchmen guarding the stables, who would soon be waking the entire castle. He closed his eyes and prayed for forgiveness for using those men as a distraction, then followed Natasha and Steve out the gate.
“Oh.” Steve looked away, suddenly self-conscious. “While we were looking for you, I finally had the scales fall from my eyes.” When Bucky only made a questioning noise, Steve shrugged and ran a hand over the back of his neck. “I realized he wasn’t the man that I thought he was. He’s been kinder to me than I deserve, and has risked everything to find you.”
“Here, my friend,” Ana said as Steve helped Bucky sit up so that she could carefully bring the mug to Bucky’s mouth for him to sip carefully, since his hands were still too thickly bandaged to hold anything. “There,” she said when he finished. “I imagine you’re hungry, too.” When Bucky nodded, she stood. “I will bring you dinner."
“They might want to use you as a way to find your friend,” Stark said reluctantly, “or they might want to use you as a way to make him talk.”
,” Stark said.  “They are but words, as insubstantial as air and just as meaningful.” Steve was stunned by the vicious bitterness in Stark’s words, and it made his frustrated anger gutter out like a candle.  He sat back down heavily in his chair and stared across the table at Stark, whose hands were white knuckled on his knife and fork as he cut into his food with unnecessary brutality.
Sam shrugged. “I was planning on traveling to Paris anyway. That is where the king is, that will be where the money is.” At the dull clop of hooves against the dirt road, they looked up and saw Steve returning, looking damnably clean and barely tired. With a groan Tony grabbed the edge of the barrel behind him and pulled himself to his feet.
“Forgive me, Your Grace, for disturbing you so late at night,” Steve said, swallowing thickly as Stark answered the door, features limned by the candle in his hand as silver streamed in from the narrow windows. “But I am in desperate need of absolution.” As he spoke, Steve feared, as he always did, that today would be the day that Stark would send him away but as ever, Stark just dipped his head and stepped back to allow Steve to step inside.
“I don’t know,” Steve confessed. His heart was pounding so hard he thought perhaps Tony could hear it, breath coming so fast and shallow that he felt light-headed. He was surprised to realize he was achingly aroused, hard as a rock, after just those chaste kisses.
“Good.” Steve must have decided something, because he stood suddenly and went to the door, latching it. When he turned, the heat in his gaze took Tony’s breath away. "Like I said, I missed you."
“No." After glancing around the room with interest, she hopped up to sit on the bed and pulled out some tightly folded and sealed sheets of paper. "Sister Virginia has been wanting to know how you were doing, stuck here with Rodgers,” she said as Tony broke the seal and started reading. "So I thought I'd come myself instead of sending someone."
“No, but I can,” Natasha said. She had unspooled the rope and hung the grappling hook from her shoulder. “Ready?”
“Well,” Bucky said into the thoughtful silence, holding up his bandaged hands and his face softening into a rueful smile, “I’ve had a lot of time alone to think recently.”
"Oh, we have plans for Stane," Natasha said, voice hard. "He won't get away with this. We're just trying to track down his associates first."
“Would you be better pleased by the alternative?”
“So what happened to being an artist?”
“And you would go from a Vicomte to a Duke,” Tony said, amused despite himself at Stane’s ambition. “Which is not an insignificant detail.”
the relics have powers.”
“A fork,” he repeated with disdain. “From
“Buck? Stay still,” Steve said, throwing off the blanket as got up. “You’re injured, you don’t need to be moving.”
“For me to see you here so soon after your last confession means your sins must be dire indeed,” Stark said gravely as he circled the room, lighting candles while Steve stood in the center and tried to calm his racing heart. Tonight, because of the late hour, Stark was wearing a dressing gown rather than his scarlet robes of office and Steve was riveted by the barest hints of skin it revealed; he wanted to dip his tongue into the hollow of Stark’s throat and press his lips to the tender skin of his inner wrists. “Tell me what troubles you so, my child, to bring you here at such a late hour.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve looked at him nearly surprised for a moment but quickly smoothed his expression down and tipped his head toward the tent before moving there himself. He was already laying down on his side by the time Tony crawled in. As much as Tony wanted to face away, he figured the best position for warmth was facing each other.
First &
remember they’ve both got their own view points on the whole civil war events, which they will both have the opportunity to share with one another.
Steve’s jaw looked so tense Tony was surprised it didn’t crack in half, “It could be worse.”
Yesterday he’d made it to the top of the waterfall and managed to get an amazing view of
Afterwords, they sat across from each other. They talked about what the team was probably doing now. Were they looking for solutions? What if time passed differently here? Were they able to corral the witch? They both shivered at the idea of anyone else getting sent through a portal. They stopped talking after a bit, and the silence felt surprisingly comfortable.
Steve was stoically silent. Tony actually attempted to talk to him a handful of times but was met with one word answers.
let me know what you think of Tony’s first organized spill of feelings! or any general thoughts/reactions, comments help my creative floooow
Once he reached the creek he tugged off his jeans. They were too tight to pull up past the calf—
compound.
“Wow thanks. Anyway, I didn’t mean what I said. I just don’t understand what the fuck is happening and I
Tony angled himself to crawl awkwardly from under the tree, putting as little weight on his ankle as possible. It wasn’t very painful to walk on, but if he didn’t get it washed soon the risk of infection raised.
When Steve woke the hand was no longer in his.
He plopped down on a mostly flat rock and shivered as the cold enveloped him faster now that he just had his shirt & boxer briefs on.
Sacrifices
FYI pretty sure raspberry stuff is blue because they already use red/pink colorants for strawberry and cherry flavors.
*starts chapter with explicit content & ends it crying*
years now? We’ve saved each other’s lives countless times, been around the world a million times, fought aliens and killer robots and all the villains of the week. And somehow, in all of that you
to say was
The silence between the two was painfully awkward now that Tony didn’t have the distraction of trying not to face plant. He knew snapping at Steve earlier was childish and unhelpful. He was actually a little pissed at himself for it.
Steve sighed. “The first thing we need to do is actually find food. We’ll follow the river like I said, and only venturing a few dozen yards in opposite directions.”
It looked similar to a catfish: about a foot & a half in length, and
It wasn’t like he hadn’t been trying to actively deny that realization. He hid that realization below mounds of work, drinking, & anger. But being here without distractions & without the ability to run away had depleted his resolve so damn quickly it felt like it was never there in the first place.
“Waterfall?” Tony offered.
just want to talk. I’d prefer you not respond, because I don’t think I can take that without this turning into some screaming match.”
“So…” Steve continued, “Where are we and what do we do next?”
Its eyes—somehow it felt like all three of them—landed directly on Tony.
“I’m just saying,” he held his hands up “it’s it better if the leader of the Avengers get out of here rather than just their parole officer.”
“Tony—” he began softly.
From the climate and surroundings alone Tony guessed they could be in the Pacific Northwest, if they were in the United States at all. If they were on Earth at all. If they were in their
Tony ignored Steve’s many longing gazes towards him through the evening and just wrapped his arms tighter around himself. He was shivering almost violently, and had to keep his jaw clenched to prevent his teeth from chattering. He didn’t even know that teeth chattering was a real thing before now, he thought it was just some made up thing like Unicorns or Alex Jones.
“It sounds like the river’s getting louder?”
Steve nodded and dropped into his softer, warmer voice, “I’m sorry Tony. You worried me when I woke up and you were gone. I thought—“ Tony raised an eyebrow, “never mind. I was just worried. I won’t ever touch you again, I promise.”
Steve sighed. Their friendship was a walking disaster. They started out with wounding insults hours within meeting one another.
Tony frowned, “well I’m guessing it’s what I was worried about. We’re probably not on earth anymore. Or at least, our earth.”
On one hand, he understood.
He was probably just worried in terms of the team at the time.
—but the more he saw it the less jaded it appeared. At one point he would’ve thought Steve worried regularly about him when he locked himself in the lab or forgot to sleep & eat for days.
“Tony, jeez can yo—
He tripped over roots more times than he could count. The forest floor was muddy & uneven. He wore light running shoes that did nothing to prevent his socks from becoming soaked through with dirty water. He envied Steve’s thick & thermal uniform as well as his hefty leather boots. Super soldier heat & coordination on top of a heavy duty outfit?
right? Does that mean he’s still only said 9 words to the man? Or actually still 7, because he only said ‘let’s go’ in the context of the battle.
He heard the calls of his name, muffled by the wind passing by his ears. Before he hit the ground he noticed a dark hole in the pavement below and a flash of navy blue.
It felt warm, it felt
Tony. I just want to talk to you. I can’t decide whether or not I deserve to explain myself, or whether or not I deserve to give or receive any apology.” He looked down at his own hands and squeezed, “But I want to.”
The deer-like thing’s head shot up abruptly and Tony muffled his own shout.
At what was around the three hour mark Tony ran face first into the brick wall that was Captain America’s traps. Steve’s head perked up as he squinted his eyes and leaned towards his right.
“We can talk.” Tony finally spoke.
“What?”
die because he looked back and tripped.
He was lying on something soft & wet.
Tony nodded and Steve began doing ridiculous acrobatics trying to crawl up the nearly sheer rock face.
Steve strode through the tree line, leaving Tony staring at his figure as it got smaller and smaller. He looked around once more in a desperate attempt to get some sort of bearings for his surroundings. No luck. He followed Steve further into the wilderness.
They laid down on their backs, legs & arms extended outwards. Steve was exhausted and heartbroken, but right before he drifted off he felt a warm, calloused hand lightly cover his own.
That was it. Steve made the list just by existing these days.
Save for the coloring, it looked like one of those terrifying rare defects you see on animal planet. Tongues hung long and limp from each of the respective mouths, flopping as the deer turned its head in all directions.
Steve’s arm slightly tightened its hold around Tony’s torso once he relaxed. He could feel the steady rise and fall of the man’s chest, feeling hot breath flowing against the top of his head.
Tony hated his life. That was not a novel feeling for him.
It wasn’t one of his common expressions. Tony’d seen it in the bunker-that-shall-not-be-named, a few times on missions when someone got hurt, and the most when… well when Tony hurt himself.
He had only, let’s say a
Steve smiled at that, “yeah, I think it could be. But I’m trying it first.”
Tony heard nothing, but followed Steve along as he headed in a new direction. Sure enough, as they moved further along Tony began to hear what started as a soft lapping that moved into a full bodied splashing. They stumbled upon the flowing body of water that was larger than a stream but smaller than a river. The water looked exceptionally clear.
Fine fellow, really. Held his own role in destroying the only group of defenders the Earth had. Fought so stubbornly against other only other walking definition of stubborn. Steve was a man of black and white: moral and immoral. Therefore, Steve was never particularly keen on the gray areas Tony lived in so much he built vacation homes.
“Didn’t touch myself,” Tony panted. He could barely get the words out, but he managed to get his message across. “Wanted...wanted to wait for you.”
Tony cants his hips up, teasing Steve's cock, and says, "I can take it. I want you to
Disclaimer: I don't own anything related to Marvel or the MCU, this is all just for funsies ✌
The state of his and Steve’s relationship (if he can even call it that) nags at him. The others start making their leave until Steve and Tony are the only ones left.
Steve and Tony talk about old fears and make new promises.
Rhodey sits up and the pillow falls from his face and into his lap. “I’m starving, Tones,” he said. “You know what I would die for right now?”
(P.S. Friendly reminder that I don't own Marvel or the MCU or anything related to it. This fic is just for funsies.)
A strange feeling akin to fear took root in Steve’s heart at the sight. Peter looked at Steve like his life rested in his hands. Just how many more of his servants, his
“We needed Bruce to operate the machine, ma’am,” he said, extending the briefcase to her. “The Time Stone.” His hand trembled as he opened the case.
“I’m sorry,” she says.
“He told me how you used to spread your legs for him like a good cockslut.” Steve’s foot pressed harder against Tony’s groin. Tony bit his lip, trying desperately to hold back a moan. Just because he enjoyed the attention didn’t mean he
"You know damn well what's the matter," Steve gasped.
“I’m gonna start you off easy,” AJ said. “I, like the ninety-year old grandma I am, am a hoarder. And because I’m a hoarder, I have a crap-load of magazines.” AJ heaved two big cardboard boxes onto the tables that had been provided for them. “I want you all to look through this magazines and try to find pictures that speak to you. Things that remind you of yourself, how you view yourself, how you think
Steve’s kisses are sloppy, almost desperate, but if anything, it just winds Tony up more. It’s like he’s fallen ill, with a feverish heat spreading throughout his body in waves. His heart pounds so loudly, it nearly drowns out the words Steve murmurs when he finally pulls away from Tony.
, to not blow their cover. He doesn’t want it to get out that he and Steve had got up to
“You look…happy,” he murmured.
The wormhole looked like the nebulous, gaping maw of some extraterrestrial beast as Tony rushed to greet it. As he passed through the barrier, Tony could hear nothing but deafening silence. But what he saw…what he
Through the headset, Tony could hear the distinct click of Pepper’s heels against his granite floors. “I’m sorry I was late,” she was saying. “I was—what the hell is that?”
“Do you think HYDRA’s succeeded yet?” Steve asks.
One of the volunteers lowers the bar over their heads, making sure that they're secure, and that's it. Tony's trapped. He's stuck on this Ferris wheel for the next ten minutes, and Steve is so goddamn
Maybe Tony shouldn't engage in such strenuous activity after
"Tony? Hello?  I swear to God if you've just been using your life model decoy on me, I'm going to fly directly to Manhattan just to—"
His definition of—what?
And that left Bucky. Somehow, someway, it always boiled down to Bucky.
Bruce brings warmth to his tower, where there had been nothing but the coldness of electricity and steel. Sometimes when their research aligns, they’ll spend hours together in Bruce’s workshop. They’re good for each other, he thinks. Bruce gets him to eat a real meal and even stops DUM-E from putting motor oil in his smoothies. Tony gets him to open up. He wants to get to know the man behind the Hulk. For a moment, they’re at peace.
Steve starts Tony out slow, with only one thick finger working its way inside of him. The stretch, while familiar, takes some getting used to. It'd been so long since he'd truly been with another man.
“You can’t deny that I’m more productive, though,” he says.
"Do you want to look at fan art?" he says instead, decidedly
It was strange to hear the honorific on his tongue, especially with the memory of how sweetly Tony moaned his name still echoed in his ears. The formality didn’t stop heat from pooling deep in his belly. All he could picture was Tony on his knees, calling Steve “my prince” with that wicked smirk upon his lips…
Tony ducked his head, trying (and failing) to hide his blush. “I owe you one hundred and one birthday kisses,” he said.
Steve has more questions than answers.
“Which I will,” Tony said. “Right, let’s do this—hey! DUM-E!”
“Maybe,” he said.
Steve leaned in close, his chest draping over Tony’s exposed back so his mouth was right by Tony’s ear. “You’re already doing that sweetheart.”
Pepper sets her mug down and levels him with a stern look that puts him in the mind of a school principal.
Steve's smile falls just as quickly as it came, and Tony kicks himself mentally for being the one to do it. "Whenever HYDRA's involved, things tend to go south pretty quick."
He leans down to whisper something into Tony's ear that sends heat traveling to his core. Tony wants nothing more than to find the nearest flat surface so Steve can fulfill his promise.
Tony gave him a lion’s grin and tugged at the laces of Steve's trousers with greedy fingers.
, claiming it was absolutely essential for Steve to watch in order to acclimate to the 21st century. They had sat next to each other on the sofa, Tony completely disregarding Steve’s personal space (Steve loved it) and settling his feet into Steve’s lap. Steve had enjoyed the movie for what it was, although the time travel plot line had hit a little too close to home.
“You made a compelling argument,” Steve snarked.
“Don’t waste it,” he wanted to say. “Don’t waste your time here. Don’t blink. You’ll miss it.”
took Steve’s cock into his mouth.
Tony’s floating. He didn’t know when his couch turned into a cloud, but he’s floating with Steve kissing the bite he left on his neck.
“Like us?”
"I just want peace," Tony had said when he had given him his shield. "Turns out resentment is corrosive."
, I’m staying right here.”
Wrecked is definitely the right word. Tony's willpower is equal to that of a Jenga tower right now. One wrong move (or right one depending on who you ask), and he'll come tumbling down, and Steve will have to pick up his pieces.
Was he dead? Had a migraine done what countless villains hadn’t manage to do in Steve’s 105 years of life? But that was no normal migraine. No migraine would send a super-soldier to his knees, clutching his head in utter agony. The sorcerer. The sorcerer had said
Tony sighs, but the gurgle of his stomach does make a good point.
Instantly he's on guard. "What's wrong?"
," he says, knowing damn well she hadn't gone by Virginia since she started working for him. "And…it's Steve now. He's not so bad when you get to know him."
"But," Natasha begins.
Tony sat down on the nearest work bench and let out a deep breath. He was so tired all of sudden, like all of the pent up energy he had had been drained out of him. “I’m a piping hot mess. It’s…it’s been going on for a while, but I haven’t said anything.”
“A Ferris wheel?” Thor asks, arching his brow.
“Come for me,” Steve said, jerking Tony to the pace of his thrusts. “Wanna feel you clench down on me.”
Heat flooded Steve’s face. He had nearly forgotten about the fight aboard the Helicarrier. Steve had a handful of regrets in his life, one of them most definitely being the things he had said on the Helicarrier. God, he had told Tony to stop pretending to be a
“I must have called it in my sleep,” he found himself explaining. “That’s…that’s not supposed to happen. I’ll recalibrate the sensors. Can we just…just let me,” Tony could barely find the words. “Just let me catch my breath, okay?”
Man, this chapter had a lot going on, and I hope I executed it well. This was the first battle scene I've ever written so if it's a little clunky that's why. We're at the halfway point now (unless I change the chapter count again) so things are going to be picking up speed. Chapter 6 will be up...indefinitely. I'll try not to do a disappearing act on you guys.
Tony doesn’t say anything. Instead, he’s grateful he’s also in disguise. The paps would have had a field day had they realized it was him and had snapped a pic. Tony could picture the headlines.
work too hard.
—that it meant he wouldn’t fall ill ever again. Steve had far too many memories of lying in hospital beds, hacking up his lungs or burning with fever and even more memories of refusing treatment altogether just so he and Bucky could make that month’s rent. The promised healing factor wasn’t the only reason Steve had agreed to the procedure but it sure did play a part in his decision. He remembered thinking that he wouldn’t be a burden anymore. That he could help people without his body holding him back. But it seemed like the serum couldn’t cure everything.
"No, no, I'm not saying that." Her eyes flit back and forth between him and Steve. Clint's waiting by the elevators with his arms crossed over his chest. "Just don't make a mess."
He’s not sure what he’s expecting when the elevator's doors open and he steps out, but it sure as hell isn’t Tony Stark in the
“Then that settles it,” Bucky said.
Bruce purses his lips but based on the flush spreading across his face, Tony can tell they're wearing him down.
Tony hunched in on himself, his vision whiting out. Steve held onto him for dear life like he wanted to sink into Tony’s skin.
“The very same.”
“What?” Tony says, only a little dazed, or so he hopes. Part of him flinches at the thought of Steve realizing just how far this well of desire he has building beneath his skin goes for him.
Rhodey tilted his head to the side and looked at Tony. It was an all too familiar look and yet every time Tony saw it, he was filled with the worst kind of guilt and dread. No matter how old they got, that look without fail would make Tony feel like he was that fifteen year old scrawny shrimp of a kid alone at university and tearing himself apart because of it. On the rare nights Tony could still crawl back to the dorm hungover or strung out or both, Rhodey would give him that look and tell him everything would be okay in the morning.
“Peter,” he said softly. “Are you hungry?”
Tony had also been helping rebuild in his own way. His joint purchase of the Damage Control organization from SHIELD had finally gone through, making it an official sect of the United States government. Now any and all casualties and destruction caused by both superheroes and super-villains would be cleaned up by government officials with funding from both Tony and the U.S government. It was such a grandiose gesture but what else could he expect from Tony? Had he been his 2012 self, he would have expected Tony to brag about the gesture, but he knew better now. Tony did brag, but only when he felt threatened.
Steve at least tried to stifle his laugh, but Bucky spared no such courtesies letting out a hearty chuckle.
Ana leans down to Tony and whispers conspiratorially, “It’s like apple pie, but better because it has cream cheese.”
“Can I?” Tony begins, unsure of how to continue. He’d never been shy during sex, but what he and Steve were doing, as much as Tony stomped it down, felt
In the spacious solitude of Commander Rogers’ office, Tony felt as if he were going to spontaneously combust at any given moment. Rogers had waited until lunch when the Triskelion was at its busiest to give him the signal; nothing more than a tilt of the head and an arched brow from across the lunch room yet Tony was following him like a dog loyal to its master. Rogers had locked the door behind them, the click of the lock snapping into place echoing in the relative emptiness of the room. Rogers’ office was sparsely decorated and just as severe as the man who sat sprawled in his office chair like he was a king and it was his throne. Heavy clear blues eyes, almost lazily, looked at him from head to toe. Tony felt himself shiver involuntarily. He got the feeling that Rogers was already undressing him with his mind.
his and he knew in his heart of hearts that he couldn’t take that from her. Not when he knew how much good she was going to do during her life.
Tony had always been curious, and Steve being an artist had always fascinated him. How could a man, seemingly destined for combat, have the passionate, creative soul of an artist? "Do you...do you miss it?" He asks.
Bucky’s joy was so infectious Steve had to laugh with him. His anger left him entirely as he recalled his father’s reaction to Bucky’s mischief.
Steve looked down, unable to meet AJ’s eyes. It was like she spoke with Steve in her mind. He could see the earnestness in her eyes, how truly she believed that they deserved to be happy. It blew his mind that somebody, a stranger, really, wanted so desperately for him to be happy when he could barely muster up the desire himself.
. “Just do it!”
“I’m more of an apple torte girl, myself,” Ana says, tying an apron around her waist.
be turned into the proper authorities. We don't want another Zola."
She stared him dead in his eyes. “I think you know.”
A stray tear trailed down his cheek and as Peggy tilted her head up to kiss him, he could taste salt and a hint of something sweet. Something that reminded him of honey.
"I know," Tony says. "Trust me when I say I'm working on it."
He would never forget the terror and rage that had seized him as he had watched Tony’s mansion fall into the ocean on live television, and if he could help it, he wouldn’t, couldn’t let it happen again.
Instead, Tony curls a hand around the outdated, clunky flip phone tucked into the pocket of his hoodie and asks him, “What are you doing here, Rogers?”
Bruce speaks up. "What if we approach from the west? It looks like there's a pretty dense forest; we could use it for coverage."
“I think,” he began, “you might be onto something.”
Steve was ready to finally end it. He had two stones left to go and then he could finally go home. But where was home? In the 30s, home had been a cramped little one bedroom apartment he had shared with Bucky in the middle of Brooklyn. Then, in a second so brief that if you blinked, you’d miss it, home had been Peggy and a three bedroom house with a white picket fence. After the ice, he hadn’t had a home. That sad little SHIELD issued apartment hadn’t been a home to him. Not until 2012. Then his home had been the Avengers. It had been the Tower and the Compound. It had been Tony shuffling into the kitchen with wild hair and sleepy eyes grasping around for coffee. It had been Natasha’s secretive little smile like she knew something about all of them that they didn’t. It had been Thor’s booming laugh, one arm strewn across Steve’s shoulders and the scent of Bruce’s chicken curry permeating the community kitchen and Clint snarking back and forth with Tony with a shit-eating grin on his face.
He let go of the nuke, letting it fly in the path towards the largest of the ships. For a terrifying moment, he worried that the nuke would malfunction and the earth would be utterly decimated by the Chitauri. He feared for Pepper and Rhodey and Happy, the three people he knew loved him unconditionally and he did in return. He feared for the other Avengers as well. They had barely gotten to know each other but they fought together like a well oiled machine. Any more time spent with them and Tony wasn’t sure if those four idiots (not including Bruce, of course) were going to worm his way into his heart or make him rip his hair out.
Tony gasps when Steve takes him into his mouth. It’s a struggle not to come right there, down Steve’s throat, but who could blame him? This was years of adolescent fantasies coming to life.
Friendly reminder that I don't own Marvel or the MCU and this is all just for fun.
He's been caught. Lying isn't even an option; Pepper would sniff out the truth like a bloodhound. She was like Natasha in that way. If those two ever team up again, Tony feels sorry for whichever poor soul they set their sight on.
“We’d know. The minute they perfect their experiments, who do you think they’re going to test them out on?”
Steve had just laughed and jostled Tony’s side. “I’m not saying I told you so…”
"You have the Avengers," he continues. "You have me."
Despite his initial discomfort, his cock is still hard, dribbling pre-come onto his stomach.
"Give it my all," Steve clarifies. "I could devote an entire day to working on a project. Just me, some charcoal, and my canvas."
“We can talk right here.”
And why are they talking when there are much better things they could be doing?
“Steven…son of Joseph.”
on me, now?”
She took a sip from her own cup, and the two of them settled into a peaceful silence. They were sitting in a study of some sort, done up almost entirely in dark wood paneling. Their table was situated right next to a grand window. Through the window, Steve had a nice view of a nearby park. He could see joggers going on their morning runs, a young couple enjoying a nice picnic, an old man taking a stroll through a grove of trees. Normal people going about their normal lives.
“Figured I’d stand next to the only other people on this team with more than one brain cell,” she said.
See you guys soon!
Carmen's beyond delighted when Tony gives her the good news over the phone the next day. "Thank you, thank you, thank you!" Her voice still does that weird squeaky thing when she gets really excited.
. Tony forgot that mentally, Steve was only twenty-nine. He carried himself with an age-old grace and had suffered so
“I missed you,” Steve mumbled. His thumb traced circles on Tony’s hip. “I’ve been so pent up.”
The scent of cotton candy and funnel cake and something smoky, no doubt barbecue, carries on the wind. There are two long lines of booths, rides, and rest places alike stretching for a good yard. The other volunteers are zooming about, dressed in bright red tees like the Avengers, finishing up last-minute preparations.
This time it's a reassurance.
. Life consists of nothing but warmth and water and Steve’s lips.
“I’m sorry you had to hear that,” Tony muttered, although he didn’t look ashamed.
Steve has his phone on him, and Tony gets him to download Instagram easy enough. In two years, Steve's caught on quickly to 21st-century technology. Giving him a StarkPhone had gone surprisingly well, with the other man taking it from Tony with a gracious smile that had Tony averting his eyes.
“And Tony?”
They had had their faults, sure, but when it truly mattered, he and the other original Avengers had worked together so seamlessly during the Battle of New York. They had played off of each others strengths, had used their intuition to take out as many Chitauri as possible. He remembered as they had circled up for that very first time, that he hadn’t felt more alive since before the ice. For a moment, the tension and petty arguments on the Helicarrier had been swept to the side, and they had been a
“You get to own me for a few minutes out of the day and I get to get fucked like I want,” Tony said, crossing his arms in front of his chest.
"No." Like an idiot. It's not that he hadn't wanted to go; it was just that between SI and Avengers business and—
You all surprised me with your reactions to
“And don’t say you haven’t,” Steve says with a hard stare. “I’m old, not an idiot.”
“You can’t rush perfection, platypus,” Tony would say while gelling his hair.
need you. So, I’m not going to apologize for wanting to help keep you safe. I know you can take care of yourself, but if something happened to you...something
“The jury’s still out,” he bit back. With his brows furrowed and his bottom lip poked out, Steve was sure Tony was trying to chastise him but really all it did was make Steve want to kiss his pout away.
"Who?" Tony asks, indulging him.
"JARVIS, can you pull up a three-dimensional render of the base?" Tony says.
His vision blurred at the edges as he realized the agonized screaming was coming from him.
“Yeah, Cap?”
“Some meeting,” Tony starts and immediately wants to slap himself. He should just get to the point. Why even bother with small talk?
It scares him how quickly Steve is learning his body. His fingers and tongue work tirelessly to make him burst into flames, and Tony
Steve swallows hard, his Adam's apple bobbing, and he nods. "Fuck, Tony. Okay."
Steve’s smile falls, and if Tony didn’t feel like an asshole before, he sure as hell does now.
think?” Tony stood swiftly, catching Steve by surprise. “I think of the people here, the person you distrust the most is
“He said that he sent them to you in Paris, just as we thought.”
Now, however, the inside of his head felt strangely quiet as he absorbed Bucky’s words.
There was still some light to the day when they rode into the first good-sized village on their route, large enough to have a tavern with a barn and rooms for travelers but not so large that there was more than one intersection. The streets were busy, with chattering groups of women carrying laundry, men on their way home from work with the tools of their trades, and children herding goats, making it seem crowded compared to the open road they’d been on all day. It was more people than Steve had seen in one place since he’d left Paris, and he hadn’t realized how much he had gotten used to the solitude.
Tony stared at the prisoners, mouth a grim line. “Yes,” he said after a long moment, clearly reluctant. “If we don’t Stane is just going to turn them all over to the King as fugitive Templars.” He pulled the iron crow back out to try to open the door, but Natasha hip checked him to the side.
“I’m sorry, Steve, but I can’t tell you that,” Bucky said. He put a hand on the back of Steve’s neck and pulled him into a fierce hug. “If the worst happens, I can’t risk anyone knowing where I’m taking the Temple’s relics.”
Stark stood and started to pace around the tiny cell. “Well, I can see that you’ve certainly thought this out,” he said sarcastically. “Must be that keen military mind of yours to come up with such a thrilling strategy.”
Stane had left only a short while before they’d raided his castle. That explained why the rescue had gone relatively easily; everyone had been less alert without the lord in residence. But that still didn't explain what they had been doing here. Tony was so lost in his thoughts that he didn’t even realize that they were done until he noticed that the page was watching him expectantly. Glancing down, he saw that the boy had done a good job, securing the clothes without creasing the silk. “Excellent,” he said with an approving nod, and the boy beamed. Tony dismissed him with the sinking realization that the boy was now his responsibility, along with the steward, the butler, the footmen, the guards, every last servant down to the milkmaids and scullery boys.
“What do you mean?”
Stane opened the paper and his eyebrows drew together. “What is this?”
But Steve didn’t even seem to be looking at him; he was staring into the fire, jaw tight. “Thank you for your wisdom, Hassam,” Tony said, trying to distract Sam from noticing Steve’s distress. “Now. Is there any chance we could try some of this distilled alcohol of yours?”
“Non nobis, Domine, non nobis, sed Nomini tuo da gloriam,” the man said in a low voice, making the sign of the cross.
“He wants to expand the church at the Castle to house some relics we brought back from Jerusalem, but he needs approval. He was hoping I could put out feelers to see how people felt about it before he approaches people more formally.”
When Steve glanced over and saw the look on Stark’s face, his stomach dropped. “What?”
“Nowhere, I was just…curious.”
“Don’t look at me like that, Rodgers,” Stark said. “I’m not going to abandon you to the wolves. I just mean that you aren’t safe here anymore.”  He took a pensive drink of wine, eyes far away.  “I guess we could always put you on a ship to Africa as well,” he mused.
what’s the word?”
“I’m going to muddy the trail,” Natasha said when they were alone. “I’ll take the horses and head to Paris, make sure no one is following you.”
“Can I see it?” Sam asked unexpectedly and Tony handed over the drawing. As soon as he saw Steve’s sketch he looked grim. “Not
“This man is a local ironworker,” she explained when the serving maid left, leaning back in her chair and balancing it on the two back legs. “I found him because he’d been bragging about doing work for the Vicomte but after he was scheduled to do the work, he suddenly didn’t want to talk about it.”
“Hey!” Tony protested. “Don’t abuse me, I’m dying.”
“What do you want?” The deep, rough tone in Tony’s voice was thrilling.
“He was getting there on his own.” James finished his bowl and set it aside. “I just helped him talk through some things.”
“I already have clothes for the dinner,” Steve said, running a hand over the back of his neck. “After our first meeting, Stark had a new tunic and surcoat sent to my rooms.”
“I think it’s more than that,” Steve said. He reached over the desk and pressed a finger to the line on Tony’s brow, trying to smooth it out. “Tell me. Please?”
“A few hours.”
But Stark stopped right before Steve hit that peak, walking around him and curling the whip to rest it on his desk. “You’ve done very well,” he said, and he took Steve’s chin in his hand, running his thumb over Steve’s bottom lip. “Are you ready for your benediction?”
instead of Cardinal Stark. Even your tone is different.”
Sometime in the past hour a man had come to sit next to him and Steve had never even noticed; the man was short and stocky, hair and beard short and well-groomed. “Uh,” the man said nervously when he saw Steve’s on him. “Someone said to come here if I needed help.”
had the relics,” he said as Steve followed him into the kitchen where the smell of food made Steve’s stomach rumble loudly. “Unless he tried to send them to me?”
Natasha frowned thoughtfully and started to pace, ticking off her thoughts on her fingers. “So Stane gets involved with this cult somehow. They want the Temple’s relics, but the Templars don’t allow anyone access except a select few.”
“That’s not what I meant,” James said with a snort. “Once Steve comes back with the grail, we will
“Can I kiss you?”
Tony shook his head. “Hassam, if you want to help, we need someone to take word of the Hydra to Paris. I will tell you how to find the Iron Cardinal, and if you tell him what you know he will know what to do.”
Natasha snorted. “He may think you’re a dirty sinner, but that doesn’t mean he doesn’t want to do any dirty sinning with you.”
“This should be it,” he said, stopping in front of a stout wooden door. Sure enough, the hinges and latch were new, as was the lock keeping the door closed. Natasha lit a candle of her own and vanished around the corner while Tony handed Steve an iron crow. When Steve raised it to smash the lock open, Tony grabbed his arm and shook his head. “The hinges will be easier and make less noise,” he said, and Steve nodded sheepishly.
“I’m alive,” he said to his empty bedroom. He looked down at his hands and saw that his bones no longer pressed in sharp relief against his skin, and as he flexed his fingers the numbness was completely gone. He was also
“Thomas.”
“Thank God,” Steve said. “What’s the plan?”
“And why me?” Tony sighed and scrubbed his hands over his face.  “Hopefully next time he’ll stay awake for longer and tell us what in God's name he did with those blasted things.”
They have been declared heretics by the Caliph because they believe that it is possible to become gods by harnessing the power of belief. The more people who believe they have god-like powers, the more power they will get.” Sam shook his head and brushed his hands together like he was cleaning dirt off his palms. “Pure nonsense.”
“Wasn’t easy, but the Grand Master insisted on knowing who he was so I spent hours trying to uncover his identity. Talking to people, following his couriers, lurking outside places he was known to frequent. Very dull business, spying.”
“Oh my God,” Steve said in shock. It wasn’t that he hadn’t believed Tony all those times that he’d said people were searching for him, but it was another thing to see the evidence of that before his eyes. “We’re rescuing them too, right? We can't leave them here.”
Steve's heart ached for Tony, at the picture Steve was starting to see more clearly: a younger, more idealistic Tony, caught up in the heady rush of forbidden love, runs away but is discovered by an angry father and forced into the Church to redeem his virtue while his lover lives well on dishonest money. Steve pressed a kiss to the corner of Tony's eye, tasting salt, then brushed another over the arch of Tony's cheek on his way to Tony's mouth, wanting to kiss the heartache from his face, but Tony stopped him with a finger on his lips.
Steve spent a great deal of effort to keep his face neutral when his stomach was churning and heart was pounding with some emotion he couldn’t name. “That’s fine,” he repeated. He picked up his fork again, forcing himself to continue eating so Tony would know how fine everything was. He could feel Tony’s eyes on him, so he kept his motions light and easy even though he wanted to drive his eating knife through the wooden table.
“You and I are moving on to the next safe house,” Stark said. “This place is good for a short stay, but it is still too close to Paris. I was thinking of going to the coast, maybe down south.”
Tony let his head fall back against the chair, too numbed by the loss of hope, thin though it had been, that Stane was going to let him live to feel anything but tired by Steve’s anger. “What would be the point? It wouldn’t have changed anything,” he said. “But the important thing is, it’s over. The ambitions of the King and Church are blunted so Europe is safe, for the time being, and Hydra will never have the real relics, whether they have mystical powers or not.”
“Heresy.
“Have you ever spent time around children?” Tony drained the bottle and let it fall to the floor, ignoring it when it tipped over and rolled away. “They are very entertaining. And they are always honest about what they want from you, even if they are lying rapscallions about toys and sweets.”
“I want to help find him,” Steve suddenly, not even realizing what he was going to say until the words came out of his mouth. Stark stilled, and even in the dim light of the candle and the moon Steve could see the look of disbelief on his face. “I'm not going to let you keep shuffling me around the country until I know what’s happened to him.”
“Starting at the top…”
Steve didn’t like the narrow-eyed look Sam was giving them and braced himself for an argument. But after a moment, the look vanished and Sam bowed his head. “If that’s truly what you think is best, I defer to your judgment.”
Despite everything, that brought Steve up short. "It's past noon," he said with a frown, and Stark looked surprised. “Are you really just now- never mind. There is a Templar downstairs that needs our help,” Steve said urgently.  “He needs sanctuary or – or help fleeing Paris…” His words faltered to a stop when he saw the incredulous anger on Stark’s face.  “What?”
“Do you want to?” For the first time, Steve saw uncertainty in Stark’s eyes, vulnerability in his voice.
By the time he got back to the inn, the shame had faded to resignation. He’d done enough Hail Mary’s for his sins on the walk back to satisfy the most exacting confessor. It wasn’t until he was outside the inn that he realized now he was going to have to face a well-pleasured Tony and sleep in the bed the man had just fornicated in. With a sigh, he dipped his hands in the cold water of the horse trough outside and rinsed off his sweat and washed his hands.
The next time anyone spoke it was Tony making an idle observation about the landscape, and Steve took the reprieve gratefully; any words at all from Tony right now felt like a benediction even though he knew it wasn’t. The ensuing conversation was politely stilted, with none of Tony's previous enthusiasm despite Steve's efforts to ask leading questions. Steve persisted, however, with a dogged stubbornness, and the sun was just starting to make long shadows of the trees when their jerky conversation was interrupted by the sound of galloping hoofbeats coming from behind them. Steve pulled the wagon over to the side of the road to let the rider go past, but as soon as they sped by the rider reined the horse in and pulled it in a circle to face them, face masked by a scarf pulled over their nose and mouth and covered head to toe by a hooded cloak. Steve tensed and reached for his sword, fearing another bandit attack, but Tony stopped him.
After a moment, Stark slowly pulled out and Steve let go of his legs, letting his crimson robes fall back into place. Now that Stark was finished the ache of his own arousal hit him anew like a punch in the stomach, and he clenched his hands in Stark’s robes to keep from touching himself.
Tony paused and made a thoughtful noise. “Tragic,” he said mildly, shuffling a pile of papers into a neat stack.
“Well?” Tony said expectantly, and Steve’s eyebrows drew together in confusion.
“From what I hear, he’s been in residence for a couple of weeks now,” Edwin said. “That’s why I was a little surprised to hear you say that you would be going there as soon as your friend can be moved.”
Tony mused sardonically. "I'm sorry to hear that," he said, wondering what Steve was getting at. If he said anything about gratitude, Tony would not be responsible for his actions.
,” Steve hissed.
“There was…” Tony’s voice failed him and he stopped, jaw working. Light glittered on unshed tears in his eyes as he stared fiercely into the fire. “When I ran away from home with my lover, we hid in what I thought was an abandoned church. A priest found us in the morning, lying together behind the nave, cold and hungry. I thought he was going to turn us in to my father, but instead he fed us and saw us on our way. When I asked why, that’s what he told me. Even after…everything, I never forgot that.”
books in my private quarters.”
to me,” Steve said, getting to his feet. “Bucky has been my friend since we were children, and if he’s in trouble, I am going to help him, no matter what it takes. Is there anyone in
“I’ll try,” he promised, kissing her on the cheek. “Now, is there anything I can help you with until Edwin gets back?”
“When he wakes, he’ll need something to build his strength back up. The best thing is bone broth so someone needs to go to the butcher and get soup bones,” Ana said without pausing her examinations. The grim set to her mouth was worrisome.  “The sooner the better, because they’ll need to boil for some time.”
“Right,” Tony said, and Steve could tell he didn’t believe him.
Steve nodded, and held out a hand as Tony put a foot on his thigh and climbed up to stand on his shoulders, bracing himself on the wall while Steve wrapped his hands around Tony’s ankles for balance. “Can you reach?”
“Pray,” she said, smiling impishly when Tony rolled his eyes.
Steve was silent for a long time, thinking about that. “So why send the relics to him after you left Paris?”
“You are a prideful man,” Stark agreed. He walked behind Steve and the whip followed him, a brief caress against his back before it fell away. There was a sharp crack as Stark flicked it once, and Steve bit back a whimper. “Are you ready?”
“What happened?”
“Right.” Against his will, Tony found his eyes starting to close; exhaustion suddenly hit him like a wave, the weariness tugging on his bones. “Wake me up when he gets back, will you? I want to see this miracle for myself.”
Steve thought about the Cardinal of Paris and the Duke d’Anjou and the Iron Cardinal and about lying and hiding and suddenly wondered how often Tony got to be just
“I know, I know.” Tony sighed.  When Steve had first come to him, Tony hadn’t realized that King Phillip’s pronouncement against the Templars had been the opening skirmish in a war to exterminate the order instead of just another power play in the endless game of money and influence played by the Church, the nobles, and the king. By the time he’d realized the true extent of the King’s plans, the noose around Paris had already tightened.
Tony answered to the first question on their way to the local tavern, where Natasha said that they would get the answer to the second. The place was busy, likely because of the minstrel that was tuning his citole and warming up his fingers in the corner of the room. Natasha kept her hood up and scarf around her neck, not wanting to attract attention; she found a table in a corner far from the performer that was unoccupied and took a seat. Tony and Steve sat as well, flagging down the serving maid for ale and food while they waited for Natasha’s contact to arrive.
Steve took first watch that night because he knew he wouldn’t be able to get to sleep, not with thoughts of the Hydra chasing themselves around his brain. The fired died down to banked red coals, and Sam and Tony had long since fallen still and silent. Keeping watch was always dull work, but tonight was excruciating; knowing that somewhere out there was a shadowy group of assassins and that they were also looking for Bucky made it difficult to sit still and listen to the nighttime chorus of crickets and frogs. Today’s brief skirmish had showed him how much he missed the simplicity of a sword in his hand and an enemy to fight, and he longed to find the right person to hit enough times to get Bucky back. More than once his gaze fell to the horses, who were dozing at the edge of camp, hoofs cocked, and he had to resist the temptation to take one and ride as fast as he could to Chatellerault.
easily, as I’m sure you’ve thought in the past.” He nodded his head towards the corner of the room, where Steve suddenly noticed the bed that dominated that side of the room, an enormous wooden four-poster with heavy curtains. Steve swallowed thickly, trying to reign in an imagination that was trying to show him all the things that could be done in a bed like that, and turned his gaze back to Tony’s.
“Yes, Your Grace?” His eyes fell on Steve with confusion but he didn’t have time to comment because Stark was already giving out orders.
“There is – there is a man,” Steve said in a rush. His tongue was growing thick and he felt like he was going to crawl out of his skin with shame and excitement.
“Yes, Your Grace.” It was so hard not to turn his face towards Stark; every part of him seemed to be reaching for him like a lodestone. He ached for his taste and the feel of him under his hands, to pull off those crimson robes and find the body beneath. His hardness was a throbbing pulse in his groin, the mortification of his confession mingling with the sharp stinging of his back to create an unbearable pain of fever pitch arousal.
“So I gather,” Stark said dryly.  He sat back in his chair, still wearing his richly embroidered dressing robe instead of his raiment and ran his fingers over the vane of the feather quill in his hand.  “You may go, Brother Peter.”  As the young cleric bowed and left, giving Steve a glare on his way out the door, Stark called out, “It’s probably time for you to leave as well, Jean-Paul.”
For two days Steve rarely left his sparsely appointed room, leaving only when necessary and even taking his meals alone.  Part of it was fear of discovery, but it was more that he felt raw and sensitive, and speaking with people just seemed to add more salt to his wounds. Fear and worry had him jumping at every sound, kept him awake at night and made him pace the walls. At the end of the second day, Brother Peter knocked on his door and said that Cardinal Stark was inviting him to dinner.  Steve’s first instinct was to decline, but then he realized that Stark might have new information so after a moment of hesitation he followed Brother Peter to Stark’s quarters.
“Tony, it’s good to see you,” Stane said with the easy geniality of a man who knows he’s holding the winning hand. He eyed Tony as he made his way into the study and leaned with a sigh of relief against his desk. “You don’t look so good, are you ill?” He asked, voice solicitous.
“Sometime in the morning, Stane will be coming here, and he’s going to ask for the relics. I’m going to tell him what we agreed. But I’m going to need you in there,” Tony said. “And we’re going to have to make you look as bad as Bucky did when we first got him out. Stane won’t believe me unless he thinks I tortured this information out of you.”
“The sickbed is not so entertaining that I would have recommended you come for an extended stay,” James said dryly. “But I’m sure you won’t be here long.”
“Why resist?” Stark asked. He reached out and ran his thumb over Steve’s bottom lip. “After all, you belong to God now. Why would you resist him?”
“I’m glad you have come to me with these fears,” Stark said, coming to a stop in front of Steve. “Are these the same lustful thoughts from your last confession?”
“Sir Steve Rodgers, Knight of the Order of Solomon’s Temple, is here to see you, sir,” he rushed breathlessly right as Steve pushed him out of the way to storm into the room.
Tony looked at him, puzzled. "Why go anywhere?" He looked around the tavern, which was starting to fill up with people and the buzz of conversation. "If you stay here and make conversation you might learn something about your friend, you never know."
relics was too great. So Natasha, Steve, James, and Hassam agreed to leave Paris and spread them far and wide: one was on its way back to the Holy Land, one was buried in an anonymous orchard in Moorish Spain, one hidden in a fortress off the coast of Scotland and one buried deep in the foundations of Notre Dame herself.
“You should rest,” he said, noting Bucky’s wan face. “I will wake you up when Tony comes, then you can tell him about the relics.” Bucky nodded, and Steve rearranged the pillows and blankets to make him more comfortable. He stretched out on one of the other beds and told Bucky rambling stories about his time with Tony until he heard Bucky’s breathing level out in sleep, then settled in to wait.
“I’ve already sent a pigeon to Paris,” Tony said soothingly. “We will know in a few hours, I promise. What can you tell me about them?”
“Today through our ministry, I anoint you with a new grace and consecrate you to God,” Stark said, his thrusts deep and hard but too slow; if he rode this edge between need and release for too much longer, Steve thought he might go mad. He shivered, body tightening around Stark’s cock and the steady pace of Stark’s thrusts quickened. “Keep the glory of your virginity uncorrupted by pride,” Stark said breathlessly, and Steve could feel that Stark’s control had slipped; his gut clenched, thrilling at the thought. He started rocking backwards, trying to meet Stark’s thrusts, not even trying to swallow the sounds that were punched out of him each time Stark bottomed out. “Let your thoughts be on the things of God,” Stark said, voice splintering, then his thrusts sped up until his hips were smacking loudly against Steve’s ass, punching a deep groan out of his chest.
“You’re going to have to carry him,” Tony said, moving the candle to Barnes’s feet so that Steve could see what he’d seen. Steve nodded grimly and gingerly gathered Barnes into his arms, face going white at his pained whimpers.
“Thirsty,” Bucky croaked, and Ana must have heard them talking from the other room because she hurried in with a warm tisane, steam curling from the clay mug.
Tony raised his hands in surrender. “As you wish.” He watched Steve fold his robe neatly and set it on top of their traveling chest and then said, “By the way, I like to sleep naked. I hope that doesn’t offend your sensibilities.”
“I swear on the Cross, Tony.” Steve leaned forward in his chair like he was trying to look Tony in the eyes. Tony shifted so that his face was in shadow, praying that the dying light of the fire wouldn’t betray him. “I’ll do exactly as you say.”
Tony grunted in acknowledgement. “I’ll send a message to Sister Natasha, then, and make sure they arrived.”
Then there was a bright flare of sensation, part pain and part pleasure, as Stark bit Steve's neck hard enough to bruise and Steve came with a shout, his release almost painful in its intensity; his body tightened around Stark’s thickness as he came and he felt Stark shudder at the sensation, making his climax spiral even higher. His entire body throbbed with each pulse of his cock, like his orgasm was being pulled from his very bones. As the waves ebbed, leaving a shivery sort of sensitivity in their wake, Steve realized Stark was murmuring praise in his ear, telling him how good he was, how perfect and lovely. The words made Steve feel like he had swallowed the sun and his breathing went ragged as he struggled against the sudden tightness in his throat. Stark held him close as he composed himself, one arm around his chest while the other cupped his softening cock. Steve told himself he was probably imagining the press of lips to the nape of his neck before Stark guided him to his elbows again, withdrawing gently and cleaning up their mess with a soft rag, dabbing at Steve’s sore hole where, to Steve’s chagrin, he could still feel himself leaking. When they were both as clean as they could get without a bath, Stark helped Steve into his clothes in a warm, gentle silence, hands and bodies meeting with unnecessary touches. Steve wanted to kiss him so badly that he bit his lip against the temptation.
"Exactly."
“Oh shit.” Bucky paled. “Stark- he’s not…you don’t think they-” Bucky started, but Steve was shaking his head before Bucky could finish.
Tony wrinkled his nose and waved a hand dismissively.  “Boring.  Is there anything else you need me for before I leave?”
“I've read the Bible dozens of times,” Steve protested. "You of all people should know that."
She watched him with interest as he cleaned but didn’t offer to help. “Because after he leaves you always seemed so,” she gestured vaguely before tucking her hands back into the sleeves of her habit, “invigorated.”
“Goodbye, Stark.”
into was not something either one of them had any clue about.
Tony would be lying if he said he wasn’t still reeling from the past two nights of conversation.
“I know I’m a fuck up Steve, I’ve been told that my entire life. Howard made me
What, like a different dimension or something?”
Tony woke up uncomfortable and drowsy. His eyelids felt heavy, he was hot, and there was a rock poking hard into his back. The ground smelled like wet earth and his whole body ached from the day before, particularly his ankle. He shifted slightly in a tired attempt to get more comfortable when he was tugged tightly back. Steve’s warm arm was wrapped around his upper torso in a big spoon position. The ‘rock’ that was poking into him was definitely not a rock, though maybe it was as hard as one.
He knew he needed to stop this interaction, this was completely inappropriate and Steve would be mortified to realize he was grinding against Tony in his sleep. He needed to sto—
Tony was stood in the harsh downward flow of water, completely naked. The white rushes of water flowed down the expanse of tan skin. Tony wasn’t nearly as bulky as Steve, but his muscles were ever present and taught—a clear symptom of years of metal work & piloting the Iron Man suit.
He heard Tony’s breath quicken as his hand began increasingly desperate strokes on his cock. His whole body seemed to shudder as he moaned out what sounded an awful lot like Steve’s name? He curled in on himself lightly as he came, stroking himself thoroughly until he was tired. Steve snapped out of his daze instantly and yanked his hands away from himself.
“Allah yameek, my friend,” Sam said as he closed the chest and relocked it. “May it save the Iron Cardinal, I would very much like to meet him again.”
“And Stane won’t follow us there?”
,” Steve said with a frown.  He struggled to put into words why Stark’s behavior bothered him so much. “Others look to him for guidance.”
Steve thought about that for a while, and finally said, “The chapter in Castile is strong and enjoys the support of their Queen. He and the relics would be safe there.”
about the Hydra, but not much
“I- I confess to the sin of wrath,” Steve said, bowing his head. He felt both hot and cold and noticed belatedly that he was sweating. “I lost my temper and raised a hand against my fellow man.”
“I could help you,” Stane said finally, to Tony’s surprise. “I may not be a duke, but I am not without my influence at court.”
“He’ll be fine,” Ana whispered as she handed him a blanket and a pillow. He tucked both around Bucky, both to keep him comfortable and to hide the bandages so they wouldn’t draw attention.  He went back inside to get the last of the supplies, mostly food and water, and tripped over his own feet when he saw Tony. Tony had shed his coarse brown monk’s robes and was wearing only his braes, and Steve's mouth went dry as he watched the lean muscles of Tony’s back move under his smooth, dusky skin as he pulled on the black robes of a priest instead. Tony smoothed out the robes so they fell in straight lines to the floor and adjusted the collar. As he turned around Steve realized he had shaved, the scruffy, half-grown beard of the past few days having been tamed into a sleek goatee.
“Why?”
“It does,” Sam said. “I’ve witnessed it with my own eyes.”
“Did you get your estate dealt with?” Steve asked. He was watching Tony over steepled hands, fingers tapping thoughtfully against his lips, gaze unreadable.
Steve looked at him in confusion. “What-“
“I like history,” Steve said. “Some military history and tactics, but I also liked learning about people, how they lived and how they died. The Holy Land had some breathtaking architecture, and there was so much history around every corner.”
“Complicated? What happened to make it complicated?” Natasha said, studying the look on Tony’s face. Then her eyes widened. “Did you two-”
Steve nodded as he sat down at the table with her while Edwin stirred a pot of porridge over the fire. “I think his fever broke, though, so we should be able to get some answers next time he wakes up,” he said, resting his head in his hands. He must have been up with Bucky longer than he had thought, to be so tired today. “Where’s Tony?”
“I’m not sick, I’m just stressed out,” Tony insisted. “Overworked. There’s just so much to do I can hardly take a break.”
“What was the man doing, in these lustful thoughts?”
“Are you prepared to undergo what penance I deem appropriate?”
“Ask for the one about the King’s mistress,” she said, raising her voice to be heard over Tony’s protests. “That one’s my favorite.”
“I don’t know.”
“Our Antoine has always had a hard time being still,” she said. “Especially if there was something that needed doing.”
“I’m so glad you are pleased,” Tony said sarcastically. “Now. The antidote?”
When daylight woke him from his slumber again, he heard voices talking softly outside the room. Bucky was still fast asleep so Steve crept out of the room, rubbing his eyes tiredly.
"So you’re saying Stane has Barnes.” Tony ran a hand a hand over his face. "Great."
“I don't understand. What kind of power?”
Natasha sighed. “Sister Virginia said you were pretty oblivious to certain matters, but now I have to wonder if you are being deliberately obtuse.”
“Not like
True to Stark’s word, two days later they were climbing onto a wagon filled with barrels of mead and a single chest for their personal items; as Steve eyed it, he knew his own meager belongings would barely line the bottom, and he wondered what in God’s name Stark could have brought to make the chest so heavy. To Steve’s surprise, Tony brought his sword and shield, though the Templar cross had been painted over with the mark of the King’s guard. He found the weapons tucked away under the driver’s seat, hidden in the same kind of compartment that had smuggled Steve out of Paris. With them was another half-sword and short dagger; when Steve had asked about them, Stark had quirked an eyebrow and said, “I wasn’t always in the Church, Rodgers.” Steve spent the first few miles of their trip trying to imagine Stark training with weapons and eventually gave up; even now that he was away from his fancy clothes and opulent quarters, Stark’s hands seemed too elegant for weapons, not like Steve’s own scarred and calloused fingers and palms. His eyes were drawn to Stark’s hands on the reins, gentle and confident, and went queasy at the thought of them covered in blood.
“Perhaps we should ask the inn if they have a bundling board,” Tony continued, his voice still light and teasing. “To make sure that no one strays from their side of the bed.”
“Yes, Your Grace,” Steve mumbled, wondering if he sounded as delirious as he felt. “Thank- thank you,” he said voice stuttering as Stark slid his thumb inside, tugging on his rim while he pressed his fingers against the sensitive stretch of skin between Steve’s hole and his balls, putting pressure on something that made Steve’s cock release a spurt of wetness. Stark continued to take his time, one hand sliding over Steve’s body as if enjoying the feeling of his skin while the other continued to slowly work him open. Time stretched as Steve felt drugged and strung out on sensation, both wanting this thick pulse of pleasure to last forever and ready for the bright cleansing fire of release. When his body had adjusted, no longer offering any resistance to the glide of Stark’s fingers, the fingers disappeared and were replaced with a larger, blunter pressure against his hole.
Tony turned his head to study him thoughtfully. “You truly believe that the relics have powers,” he said, eyebrows drawing together.
“You know, it’s not a bad idea for you to get out of town for a while, too,” Sister Natasha pointed out. “You could go south as well.”
“Forbidden, yes,” he said slowly. “Or if it is because they do not do anything without this man’s permission.”
“What-” Steve braced himself quickly for the extra weight as Natasha took a running leap towards him, jumping lightly from his thigh to scramble up to Tony’s shoulders. Steve grimaced for a moment as he bore the weight of both of them, then there was the slight scrape of metal against stone and the extra weight was gone.
“I don’t blame you. A Saracen will only take your life, an aristo will take everything but,” Bucky snorted. “It’s a couple of days from now so we would have time to get new clothes and go to the bath house so we don’t offend anyone’s nose with the smell of honest sweat.” Steve’s face must have done something suspicious because Bucky narrowed his eyes at him. “What?”
“No, Steve, this is bigger than that, bigger than your life or even mine.” He sighed and scrubbed his hands over his face, clearly gathering his thoughts. “Look, it would not be overstating things to say that the fate of all Christendom lies on your friend keeping those artifacts out of the King’s hands.”
“Yes please,” Steve said under his breath, but Tony didn’t hear him because at the same time Bucky frowned and said, “How does that help?”
“You know damn well that’s not what-” Stane stopped himself before he started an old argument anew. Tony watched with interest as the scowl on Stane’s face cleared and returned to the genial, avuncular smile from before, though this time it was seeming a little forced. “Well, what’s done is done. What I was trying to say, is that Howard and I were discussing the possibility of combining our estates. The title would no longer be in the Stark family, but at least the estates wouldn’t go to a stranger.”
With a smile, Steve put his hand over Stark’s and kissed Stark’s thumb, then his palm, then his wrist, sliding the sleeve of Stark’s dressing gown up to kiss the soft skin of his inner elbow, hearing Stark’s breath catch at the sensation. His lips pressed against the divot of Stark’s throat, tongue dipping out to taste as he’d wanted to earlier, then under his ear, then he paused, asking for permission, as his mouth hovered over Stark’s. It was Stark that lifted his head to press their lips together in a simple, almost chaste kiss, and Steve wanted to shout from happiness. “I do,” Steve murmured against Stark’s mouth and felt Stark’s smile in return. “I look forward to returning to my God, then, and learning how best to worship him.”
Tony woke up slowly with the most intense feeling of well-being that he’d ever had in his life. He could hear birds chirping and the early morning sun was a dim light behind his eyelids, telling him that the sun was starting its journey across the sky. He stretched and inhaled deeply, luxuriating in the feel of soft linen against his skin and the warm weight of the blankets against the chill of the morning air. He sighed happily, then suddenly his memory came back and his eyes snapped open as he sat up sharply.
“So do we,” Tony said, gesturing to Barnes. “He can’t ride by himself like this. I’m not even sure he can sit on a horse.”
“You would have agreed with him a few months ago,” Tony pointed out, mouth twisting.
“What are you doing?” Tony asked softly when Steve pulled back, voice barely audible, breath warm against Steve’s lips and sweet with wine.
“Lord Antoine, when will you stop bringing home strays?” The man scolded gently as Tony laughed. He put his hands on Tony’s shoulders and studied him, taking in his short hair and monk’s robes with a look of exasperation. “What mischief are you up to now?”
When Stark was gone, leaving his candle behind, Steve sighed and knelt down on the packed dirt floor to pray for wisdom; maybe God would reveal to him why he could be civil around everyone else but was always an ass around Stark. “And please protect Bucky and keep him from danger,” he added. “If You could find it in Your wisdom to give me a hint as to where he is, that would be great too.”
“Steve.” Tony’s voice reached him as he was almost to the door. “This isn’t a no, just…Come to me when all this is done and maybe I’ll believe you.”
“I know what you’re going to say,” Natasha said, crossing her arms. “You’re going to say, ‘But I didn’t want anyone to worry.’ Right?” When Tony nodded sheepishly she scoffed. “The truth is, you want to be the first to help people but you are incapable of asking for help. You gotta be the hero, right? The invincible Iron Cardinal? Pure pridefulness. And because of that, we almost lost you.”
,” he said, making it clear that he didn’t believe such a person existed but was willing to pretend as much, “recognized so that he may inherit, but there’s something you must do for me in return.”
“Rodgers looks at you like he doesn’t know whether he wants to fight you or fuck you,” she said bluntly, surprising a laugh out of Tony. He started shaking his head in protest and she jumped down off the bed. “I’m serious,” she insisted as she tucked Tony’s papers into a hidden pocket of her habit. “Sister Virginia agrees, and so would Brother Peter if he could tell sexual tension from a hole in the ground.”
“Why didn’t you tell me?” Steve said, trying not to feel betrayed.
Steve’s throat closed at the simple kindness of Stark’s words. “Thank you,” he said again, and turned on his heel to leave before he embarrassed himself further.
“You’re safe now, Bucky,” he said softly. The relief he felt to see Bucky again, to see him alive and breathing if not terribly well, was dizzying. And he owed it all to Tony, he knew; without Tony's resources, illicit or not, he never would have found Bucky in time, if at all. Never would have successfully carried him out of the castle, or found a place where someone could tend to his wounds without fear of discovery. Even if he managed to make up for treating Tony so poorly all this time, how could he ever repay him for saving his best friend's life?
