“I—” Cas pauses, glancing toward the front of the store, probably to make sure Rufus hasn’t come out of the office. The box of supplies sits empty in front of them. “For school.”
“Why not?”
Dean grips him tight, breathes shakily in their shared space before clearing his throat. “Then stay.”
Next - things heat up between Dean and Cas (yes, it's about to get spicy) and their relationship takes a significant turn. Thoughts/theories? Let me know in the comments! Thanks so much for reading. Love y'all!
Cas sighs. “I tried. Well, know how to work a mop bucket?”
Dean shakes his head. “No. Just, I dunno. Worried about you, I guess. You seemed kinda off, then you disappeared, and next thing I know you’re out here getting stoned with these guys...”
“Hell yeah,” Dean says eagerly.
Throughout that time, the highlight of Dean’s workday quickly becomes his morning trip to the Gas-N-Sip. He learns that Cas opens the store every day except Monday and Wednesday, with one Sunday off every other week.
He’s never been good at this flirting business, at least not when doing so intentionally and entirely sober. He gulps down half his coffee in short order, avoiding Dean’s stare. The liquid soothes his throat now that it’s had time to cool, but does little for his nerves.
At least he
“Any good?” Her hand flutters over her heart, feigning offense. “Best damn burgers in the state.”
“Why do you always want what you can’t have?” she replies, grinning knowingly.
The color’s been sucked out of the world; the previously joyful, vibrant hues of summer diminished beneath a filter of his ennui and far less appealing than the view from under the blanket he loathes leaving every morning.
“Yes. God, yes. All of that.”
The rain and thunder fade and flicker out, the hand on gooseflesh-riddled skin his only remaining tether. Cas is the solidity against his side, his dream-mind supplies, and fuck if that doesn’t send another heady rush of
They’re carnal, the sounds they make; sweet and filthy. The rough, wet slap of skin echoes through the room above words half-mumbled and unintelligible grunts. He doesn’t know what crosses his mind, what comes over him that spurs it but the hand clutching a narrow hip bone rises, falls with an abrupt, resounding thwack against plump flesh.
“I was in the neighborhood and saw the lights on.” He shrugs, leaning against the front counter, ankles crossed. “Whatcha got left to do? Put me to work, buddy.”
Of course, that means he’s a fucking asshole about it for the first few days.
Sam’s silent throughout the exchange. Arms crossed, eyes flickering between the three of them as though they’re empty boxes on the New York Times crossword and he’s working over the clues in his mind.
Cas’ mouth opens and closes like a landed fish for a second before he frowns and turns away. The rest of the drive is
Cas deadpans. “That’s exactly what you’re doing.”
Sure, kid’s got his own thing going. A fiance, a fancy degree, a career in the works. All Dean’s hard work has paid off before his very eyes. But now it’s up to him to show his brother that he’s okay too. He
“Come on, Sasquatch. You gonna help me lug this stuff to the truck or what?”
It’s an innate, primal response, the human need for proximity. For touch, warmth. It’s one he’s given into frequently but all too often disappointed because it’s never the closeness he craves.
“Hey!” Dean shouts. He shoots up, smacking his head on the underside of the open hood.
His shoulders heave with a weary sigh as he drags a hand over his eyes and mouth. “Look, Cas. I get you probably want that stuff so you don’t feel like a burden or whatever, but you’re not. I’ve made mine and Sammy's breakfasts and packed our lunches since I could reach the stove, and I was a tall kid. Whenever Ellen worked nights, I made dinner for Sam, Bobby, Jo, and me. It’s no trouble at all doing the same for you. I like doing it. I
Dean doesn’t pull his punches when it comes to doing what he wants, when he wants,
“The fuck are you doing?”
Dean yawns again, pulling Cas even tighter against him. Hopefully not for the last time. He listens, waiting for Cas’ breathing to even out. Then whispers, “G’nite,” into his soft curls and falls asleep with a smile.
“Dean?” he whispers. Not even a flinch.
“Yeah. Was a long time ago.” Dean scoops all the napkin pieces into a pile and pushes them away just as Missouri hands them their plates. They both smile and thank her. “Bobby, though—you met him—he and his wife Ellen took us in.” He pushes the ketchup around his plate with a steak fry. “What about you? Are you from around here?”
Standing straight, he takes a step back and sees his body has filled out as well. Even his biceps have grown. Between eating home-cooked meals, consistently peaceful sleep, regular exercise, and frequent sunshine, he’s possibly the fittest, and healthiest, he’s ever been.
He steps closer to lay a hand on Dean’s shoulder. Less to comfort Dean, and more to assure himself that Dean is safe, secure, on the ground with him. He squeezes and their eyes meet. It’d be elementary, so easy to take that final step, close the scant gap between them and feel Dean’s body pressed against him. Warm and solid, strong. There’s a second when he catches Dean’s tongue wetting his bottom lip, his gaze darting from Castiel’s eyes down to his mouth. He’s reminded of the man’s roaming, curious hands, how good it felt simply to be
The younger Winchester’s brow puckers, lips drawing into a thin line. “I wasn’t
Cas’ shoulders relax and he smiles softly back. “Good.” He scoots his plate forward, clearing a space to lean on one elbow, twisting the rest of his body to face Dean. Cas runs a hand through his hair, pushing it from his forehead, and says abruptly, “I'd like to take you up on your offer, if you are still amenable.”
. Calm down, take a breath. First of all, how do you know he doesn’t wanna do the horizontal tango if you haven’t asked? The way he looks at you… I mean, I don’t look at my ‘friends’ like that. I look at Scarlett Johansson as Black Widow like that. Or as herself, really, but man, all that
A hand rises to his waist, broad and warm. Soaks right through the cloth like it’s—like it’s not even there. He feels so heavy suddenly, but a nice heavy. Secure and safe. Sinking, sinking, a gentle, gratified noise rumbles from his throat and as he lays down, everything dims.
He eagerly anticipates the bed dipping and shifting when Cas settles in beside him at night, even if it’s accompanied by a pang of longing to cross the distance between them. Dean loves watching the adorable wrinkle of Cas’ nose as he squints at the TV, over-scrutinizing the plot of whichever episode of Dr. Sexy they’re on, regardless of how many times they’ve both seen it.
do you justice.”
and out pops a short, scrawny man wearing a leather vest, no shirt underneath, and ripped jeans. The man runs his fingers through his hair, drawing Castiel’s attention to his long, light brown mullet. An honest to God
Then Dean tilts his head just right, the moonlight silhouetting the long line of his neck, bared and presented like it’s meant for Castiel’s lips. Laying a string of kisses from the bolt of Dean’s jaw to the point where his pulse beats a rhythm against the skin below his ear, he latches on hungrily, nipping and sucking.
“It’s nice like this. Listening to it, watching the way it changes and shapes the world outside, from the safety of shelter. Especially here, with you.”
Just the thought of getting to tease Cas with his toys before sliding home into his tight heat makes his dick twitch in—why the fuck is he still wearing pants?
. “—tonight. Dinner. You didn’t have to do that, so, thank you.”
“What were you going to ask me earlier, Dean?” he blurts before he can stop himself.
He takes a deep breath, puts his cup down, and pushes off the counter. Making his way toward the foyer, he smiles at the sight of Sam and Dean bickering beside a petite blonde with a sweet face and kind smile who he assumes is Jessica.
. Why didn’t I think of that before! Your
With that, he shoulders the car door open and locks it, setting the phone on vibrate and slipping it into his back pocket.
A flush blossoms across Dean’s cheeks. No one’s ever treated him with such gentle care and attention, or such fire and intensity. The juxtaposition of Cas’ affections leave him lightheaded and weak yet it’s not enough, he wants more.
Monday night, however, he goes so far as to Google, in secret, a tomato rice soup recipe just like Dean’s mom used to make when he was little. Dean is astonished to the point of tears (which he hides under a tissue with the excuse of a runny nose) that Cas remembered, ‘cause he’d only ever mentioned it once offhand like, weeks ago in a random conversation. Cas even manages not to fuck it up or burn the house down in the process, and shit, Dean’s kinda proud of him.
“Dean?” Cas says. He nudges Dean’s thigh with his knee below the counter, which does not help the situation one bit. “You okay?”
“How long?” he says bluntly, eager to change the subject.
wouldn’t take you in? What the actual fuck.”
anything,” Dean snaps harshly, shooting to his feet. Fists clenching at his sides, he feels a strong urge to punch the wall trembling through his arms, but remains frozen.
Maybe it’s the heat that gets to him. Maybe work’s stressing him out. Maybe it’s that he hasn’t been laid in a few months and watching Cas walk past him in those tiny running shorts and
“Okay,” Dean whispers, pulling free to lie back on the pillows for the second time that night. He pushes the bottle into Castiel’s hand. “Okay... I’m ready.”
ya know?” Castiel nods attentively, something in his eyes telling Dean that maybe he understands, in his own way.
Less than fifteen minutes later, Dean’s pulling Baby down an unpaved path toward the lake and into a spot far enough away from the rows of other vehicles that there’s no chance of her getting scratched, though it means they’ll have farther to walk. They quickly unpack the beer, food, and folding chairs from the trunk, then make their way to the waterfront, Dean grinning like a kid on Christmas morning. He loves the fuck out of holidays and is excited to share this one with Cas.
It becomes a common thing.
Dean’s lips stretch into a goofy, lopsided grin.
They clicked immediately, yeah, but he sorta thought that as the novelty faded, so would his infatuation. If anything, it’s gotten stronger as they’ve grown closer and now he's struggling to tune out the voice in his head that whispers "soulmate" every time he looks at those beautiful blue eyes.
Does the guy not realize how gorgeous he is? Whoever gave Cas the impression that he’s not a bona fide Apollo better not meet Dean in a dark alley in the future. When Cas looks up again, his expression is a weird cross between curious and smug.
Their eyes meet in the mirror. “What are you saying?” Cas asks.
Tuesday evening, July 20th, is stifling and humid due to record-high temps combined with heavy rain earlier in the day that, rather than cooling anything off or quickly drying in the sun, turned the entire goddamn town into a muggy swamp.
. Brings up a good question, though. Why
, he thinks during the silence that follows. Now his tipsy ass has gone and sullied the mood. Dumping all his baggage out there like that and he barely met the guy—if this were by chance a first date and he was in Cas’ shoes? Shit, he’d be running for the hills right about now.
He blanches. “Nothing.”
Clearing his throat, Dean glances at Cas to gauge his reaction, but it seems he’s already more invested in studying the daily specials menu written on the blackboard above the serving hatch in thick multi-colored chalk. They both order burgers and cokes and soon after delivering their drinks, Missouri wanders off holding a fresh pot of coffee to make her rounds.
“I want to do this, man.” He’s never been an ace at the puppy eyes, not like his brother is, but he gives it his best shot anyway.
“No. I don’t have a vehicle. But I do need to make a call, if you don’t mind.”
Although the latter had been outta the cards for shit,
Cas doesn't quite know until Dean finds the sensitive place that makes him tremble and gasp at the junction of neck and shoulder and sets to work.
With that, Cas rolls toward him, body fitting perfectly along his side. He winds one arm beneath his neck to wrap around his shoulder, Cas’ head coming to rest upon Dean’s chest. Despite the sweat cooling in the air on his skin’s surface, Cas is almost feverishly hot.
“Oh...
“Plus”—Dean claps his hands and rubs them together excitedly—“anything goes sideways and I’ve got a hotshot lawyer in the family to back me up!”
Giving in to the urge, Castiel leans his back against the wall, legs spread, and thumbs over the head of his cock. Doesn’t even try to bite back the moan that spills from his throat at the satisfaction that little taste of friction provides. His pelvis rocks forward, sliding him easily through a tight circle of soapy fingers as he replays the path Dean took that morning with his free hand.
and, blood thrumming hotly through his veins, he tosses the stirrer into the plastic recycling bin behind Cas.
“Never have been.” He takes a larger gulp of his coffee. Too soon. He hisses through his teeth as it singes his tongue, burns and numbs in equal measure on the way down.
he shudders, hoping Claire’s pending presence will keep them at bay) is cleared away, the accumulated grit and grime of neglect scrubbed. He's never felt like this from his job. This relief, this sense of accomplishment at the end of the day. A steady glow blossoms within him; it speaks of promise. The future.
“Holy,” Dean pants, “
more.
Charlie bounces back on the balls of her feet, a captivating smile stretching her face. It’s infectious to such a degree that he feels his own lips tug against his will, but her attention shifts before he can speak again.
It’s fifteen minutes shy of 7 a.m. when he pulls the Impala into his spot at Singer’s Auto Repair and cuts her engine, taking a brief moment to check his texts. There’s one from Ellen confirming dinner at her and Bobby’s place that weekend, and another from Sam doing the same, as though he’s irresponsible enough to forget. Dean’s twenty-four, for Chrissakes. He practically changed the kid’s diapers.
“Like what?”
Cas makes a soft, shushing noise of comfort. “That’s it, my love. You are doing so well for me.”
“All part of the job, Mr. Shurley. Take this”—he hears the sound of paper tearing—“to the pharmacy in town. It closes early on weekends, so you’ll want to go right away. Seventy-five milligrams twice a day for five days.”
As with most young people in college, he had his share of experimental indiscretions (a sheltered life will do that). Regardless, he’d been a good student, full of idealism and promise. He’d excelled, enjoyed his time there. Life outside university, however, was a harsh reality he’d been entirely unprepared for. Turned out there wasn’t a thriving market for history majors waiting on the other side and he’d never lived without stability, security, before. Lost, broke (with a pile of student debt), and alone, he was left with little choice but to return to the fold. It wasn’t what he’d wanted, but Michael took him under his wing and got him a job as a copywriter in one of their branches.
Cas chuckles, the vibration rolling through Dean’s lips, heady and sweet. He twists away, fishing through the big pocket at the front of the apron between them, and pulls out a… card? He shoves it into Dean’s hand, expression hopeful, and murmurs, “Go on. Read it.”
“What? There something on my face?”
“Fuck!”
Dean,” the shock of it hitting his brain seconds after his palm did Dean’s ass but—
Dean snorts, dragging a hand over his red face to hide from that knowing gaze. “You have no idea. I haven’t jerked off this much since high school.”
With Cas, however...
Not that he hasn’t tried.
right now.
He’s there, but not there. Distant.
It’s frequented by trade workers, students, and everyone between—and to top it off, Harvelle’s is LGBT-friendly because Ellen “doesn’t tolerate that bigoted bullcrap” (her words). And although she’s got the big, stoic ex-military Vic standing post to bounce the occasional rowdy jackass on busier nights, she’s known for being an ace shot with the 9mm revolver she keeps under the bar so more often than not, nobody’s stupid enough to risk it.
that it kinda terrifies him, not ‘cause he’s scared to have it, but because he’s scared to
Dean could do this all day. Every day. Would gladly, just for Cas.
Each accidental brush of an elbow and pat on the shoulder that lingers a little too long sets his body on fire. The dumb little flip-flops his stomach does when he sees Cas smile over the dinner table, hears his nerdy laugh or catches him staring with that bold, inquisitive gaze that says Dean’s the most fascinating thing Cas has ever seen, make him feel like he’s in seventh grade and experiencing his first crush all over again.
Peeling, crumbling wallpaper coating the house begs to be scraped and the walls painted. The cabinets in the kitchen and bathroom require their own coats, and probably new countertops and hardware to match. All the mattresses have acquired mildew and must be replaced (plus, who the fuck wants to sleep on someone else's dirty old mattress, gross), along with the appliances.
It has been less than twenty-four hours since his father’s funeral, and he now finds himself in the back of a cab traveling through the seemingly endless countryside, past fields of corn and wheat, forests full of elm, spruce, and pine. Just clear blue sky and fresh air for miles and miles around. It's so serene, he begins to think that perhaps a vacation will be good for him, after all.
“Me too. It’s been a while, I mean. Not that long but…” He sighs, rubbing at his neck. Cas has been nothing but honest with him so far, he might as well return the favor. He owes the guy that much, for all he’s done for him. “Haven’t wanted anyone else since I met you.”
“Yeah.”
Cas thrusts shallowly at first, his hand still tentative in Dean’s hair but when he draws the other man forward Cas gets with the program, tightens his grip, and increases the pace and depth. He’s still careful, mindful of Dean, pausing every few thrusts to allow him a breath despite his clearly fraying control.
“He sure is,” Dean says confidently.
Cas turns to look at him, head cocked all innocently. “So you don’t get sick again.”
He almost chokes on the coffee, and now he’s really blushing. “What!”
He casts an eye sideways at Cas, sitting beside him with a soft smile awash in an iridescent glow that makes his heart flutter in his chest. “Nah, I’m good.”
He groans and runs his fingers through his hair, shoving the perpetually messy locks back from his forehead. “Gabriel, now is really not the time, I—”
, and your own
And he
He glances away, shoulders slumping with disappointment, arms limp at his sides.
It’s one thing to take some hot piece home for a quick tumble in the sheets and quite another to want someone you have to look at the next day, and the day after, and the day after that. Like mashing together two universes that totally don’t belong, sticking the Man with No Name into a Bond film or Obi-Wan into Star Trek. Dean isn’t just out of his element here; he’s in a whole other fucking
“You’re right when you said the house needs work. It’s been a while but I’ve seen it inside and out and I got a rough guess of what needs done. Usually, the house jobs I do around here are small potatoes like, extending a porch or patching someone’s old roof, minor repairs. I enjoy it, don’t get me wrong, but I haven’t had a project like this in years. Besides, Cas, I want to help you.”
“Yeah? Anything specific on your mind?” he says suggestively, feeling playful. Not like Cas will get the implication, anyway.
“Are you alright?” Cas says, perched above and atop him. A concerned frown hovers in the corners of his lips. “Shit, I’m sorry—”
He's walking back down the hall to his room when his phone buzzes in his back pocket. Nudging the door open with a shoulder, he thumbs the screen of his phone as he lifts it to his ear.
Dean’s heart squeezes in his chest, tears gathering at the corners of his eyes the way they always do when he talks about Mary. He briefly closes them and sighs.
You like him. Like, you
Sam’s shoulders sag as he shoves his hands into his jacket and stares at his boot scuffing against the ground. He looks so damn young in that moment, nostalgia hits Dean like a tsunami. Takes him back to the day (age nine or ten if he’s remembering it right) he’d come back from a store not far from their seedy motel at the border between Missouri and Arkansas.
stranger in a town like this is another thing entirely.
Son of a bitch, this is the last damn thing he wants to hear right now. “Well I didn’t—”
It's three a.m.
“Whenever we get, what’s the word… close? Anywhere in the neighborhood of emotional vulnerability, you back off. Or make some joke—”
Dean takes a swig of his beer and nods, gazing beyond Castiel’s shoulder as he absorbs this new detail. “Makes sense.”
“What about the paint?” Cas says, sceptical.
He practically runs down the stairs.
the night before.
Dean argues with himself.
Maybe it's the bourbon talking, or maybe this has been flourishing from the moment they met, but he
“Tell me what you want, Dean,” Cas says, breath coming out hot yet cooling quickly on the saliva he’s left on Dean’s skin. Cas doesn't wait for a response, however, working his way down Dean's ribs and abdomen, sucking new hickeys like he's hell-bent on mapping the landscape of Dean’s body.
. Did you ever once stop to think that maybe I didn’t just need a job? That maybe I needed a
, wants to lose himself in those eyes, that smirk. Wants to drag his lips over that stubble-darkened jaw and strong, dimpled chin, licking and nibbling his way down the bare expanse of lightly tanned skin to the starched white collar below.
“Girlfriend?” he echoes, eyebrows knitting in confusion. “I’m—I don’t have a girlfriend.” He breathes out unsteadily. It’s not often he fumbles his words, but he came far too close to outing himself to someone who is still essentially a stranger. A man he is most decidedly attracted to and was skirting the line of
“I…” Castiel exhales slowly, shoulders slumping more with relief than defeat. Gabriel is right. He doesn't think he’ll feel up to working this week anyway if today’s utter lack of productivity is anything to go by. What he wants right now is a stiff drink, to curl up with Claire, and turn his brain (and his feelings) off for a few hours. “Alright. Let me make a few calls. And Gabriel?”
“Goodnight, Dean,” Cas murmurs, lips moving against the skin of Dean’s neck and making him shiver.
He can’t even look at the sky without thinking of the eyes he’ll never see again.
Cas kisses him lightly, then whispers into his ear, “On you… or me. Whichever you prefer.”
“I’m not even there to see it and I know you've got the hots for him. You’re not exactly subtle, Cassie.”
It’s not until the sun slips below the horizon under a rapidly darkening sky that it hits him—
His brother says it’s creepy that Dean talks to (and anthropomorphizes) his car, but Sammy eats gross shit like kale and quinoa and listens to Celine Dion, so that renders his opinion moot in Dean’s book.
“Yeah, and that means I know her. Meg’s always got an agenda.”
The weather is near flawless, sky clear and bright save for a few scattered clouds above the rustling trees which have only recently begun transitioning from crisp emerald to shades of red, orange, and yellow. Fallen leaves crunch beneath Dean’s soles, the sound mingling with music and voices that drift along the early autumn wind from a few yards away, and as they breach the natural gate of the treeline into a wide clearing, they’re greeted by the smell of burning coals and cooking food.
He nods. “When I went to work for my father’s company, I was fresh out of university. It was…” he trails off, eyes nailed to the table. Throat constricting on the syllables, he swallows hard. It’s not a time he looks back on fondly.
Like tonight, when Dean had taken Castiel’s hand beneath the stars, a nervous tremor to his voice, and said, “Since you’re staying here and all… Would you…”
Castiel smiles weakly. “None taken. It’s true he can be difficult to get along with, but he’s not all bad. He brought me in, gave me a job when he didn’t have to.”
“Look, I’m sorry,” Dean starts. “I was outta line—”
Jess giggles. Jody and Donna grin and shake their heads with looks of fond exasperation.
“He’s not—we’re not—”
“Ah,” Dean murmurs. “That sucks, man.”
“Thank you,” Cas breathes, still flushed and now awkward. “And thank you for testing the others for me. I wanted this one to be perfect.”
An increasingly large fraction.
Dean takes it gratefully, not even bothering to argue as groggy as he looks now with those few minutes of rest. He lets Castiel clean him with gentle strokes of the cloth, though he does jolt at the shock of cold when it touches his oversensitive skin. Castiel is especially careful of those places, slow and calm.
“It’s only for a couple of weeks, Dean. I don’t mind.”
To put it bluntly, he’s flirtatious by nature and wouldn’t know subtlety if it punched him in the face. Not that he’s vain or anything, but he knows he’s a good-looking guy; fairly fit, he rocks the perfect balance between ruggedly handsome and dreamboat pretty and has taken advantage of that on many a lonely night. Plus, when it comes down to it, he can confidently bullshit his way through anything.
up in his personal space and flushes from head to toe. “Here.” Cas shoves a bundle into his arms.
Her lips purse around a quiet, “Mmhmm.”
“I won’t go if it means that much to you.”
“Got ‘em,” he says almost breathlessly.
“Ellen, we went over this—”
He grins excitedly and crosses his arms behind his head, watching Cas move down the bed to sit back on his haunches. His fingertips slide between Dean’s pants and skin before slowly shimmying them down. Dean lifts his hips to let Cas pull them over his ass and when his hard cock bobs free, flushed red and weeping, Cas licks his lips, eyes glued to it where it lies upon Dean’s slightly soft but flat stomach.
Cas reaches for Dean’s other hand, lacing their fingers together right over his heart which flutters rapidly like a trapped bat inside his ribs. “Dean…”
to and shoved back on the shelves. How Cas is even alive is a fucking mystery for the ages, considering the way he shops.
“Doesn’t look like the roof needs replacing, just some patches here and there,” Dean says. “Siding needs a little work but I don’t see any major damage. Good scrub down and fresh coat of paint ought to do it. We could knock all that out in a couple days.”
“Michael is an ass.
“‘s okay. I get them too sometimes.” He rubs his stiff neck and yawns. “You um… you wanna talk about it?”
“Well, I’m not hungover.”
“It’s in… ugh…
And that’s when, to his absolute horror, it hits Castiel. This is no wall. It’s a
“Yeah, no problem.” He pulls it wide, giving Cas enough room to shuffle inside, and follows him into the large freezer.
it conveys,
“Damn, Cas." He laughs. "I can already see why we hit it off.”
The hand on Dean’s chin moves to cup his cheek. Unconsciously, he tips his head, nuzzling into the man’s large, warm palm, eyes closing to shut out that stare because he can’t, he just can’t say it with Cas looking at him like that.
“So uh, the A/C in one of the rooms is fucked up. You off today?”
“They’ve treated me better in the few weeks I’ve been here than you have in the last thirty-four years!”
It takes a while to sink in. They stare at each other, sated and speechless, taking stock of their mutually blissful expressions, all blown pupils and swollen mouths, hair drenched and disheveled. Then burst into giggles.
, and your laugh, it’s the dorkiest goddamn thing.” A low chuckle escapes, slightly strangled with emotion as he’s inundated with memories, nearly overwhelmed. Then, softer, “I wanted to tell you that I kept that sweatshirt, I kept it, and I wear it every night or else I can’t sleep but it doesn’t smell like you anymore and your—Christ, this is such a fucking cliche, but hear me out—the sky has nothing on you man, your eyes are the most beautiful I've ever seen.” Gulping a lungful of damp air, he continues, just above a whisper, “Thing is, Cas, I-I’m crazy about you. Head over fucking heels… Have been since day one.”
“Okay. Well…” In his periphery, he sees Cas' eyes dim, the edges of his mouth downturned. “It was great to see you again… Take care of yourself, Dean.” Cas backs away, gaze lingering for a long, agonizing minute before he rounds the corner and disappears from view.
“Oh?”
Dean guffaws at that. “Damn, man. You really are a grouch.”
understatement. He’s never been one for surprises, but this—oh, fuck, this is better than that skunky, beautiful kush Rowena gifted him for his nineteenth birthday, better than the greasiest, most artery-clogging burger he’s ever had, better than
It’s been a long damn week, and he's ready to kick back and do jack squat tonight. Already got a plan laid out in his mind, in fact; he’s gonna clock out, pick up some beer, say goodnight to Cas, go home, shower, order a pizza, and watch Doctor Sexy reruns until his brain stops working.
“Gabe!” He covered the phone with the hand not holding it and glanced at Dean. The other man stood at the sink not three feet away, scrubbing the lasagna pan with a concentrated frown that made the corners of Castiel's lips twitch. He told him he’d be back and stepped out onto the deck, the sound of his brother’s crowing vibrating through the receiver. “He’s not my ‘fuckboy’,” he hissed.
Meg just laughs, sweeping her loosely curled brown hair over one shoulder. “And what’s your name, handsome? Not often we get visitors in these parts.”
“Don’t play dumb,” Bobby says, scruffy salt-n-peppered beard curling around a smirk. “Go on, I’ll send Ash over to finish the Corolla.”
—not a different man, no, the same one he's always cherished. His feelings have not changed but rather grown exponentially, he
“Really?” She rolls her eyes. “Can we not?”
Dean swallows thickly, plastering on a fake smile. “That’s great.”
Dean tells Castiel about his uncle and surrogate father Bobby, about Ellen and Jo. He tells him about his brother, the girlfriend Sam brought home from Stanford, and the many friends he's made here over the years (including a few who did not start out that way, like Meg). From what Castiel can deduce, the front he keeps up is not quite so effective at hiding his soft, loveable inner workings as Dean seems to think. Even those initially put off by Dean's brash outer demeanor and sarcastic attitude end up prey to his charms before long.
Meg’s eyes narrow, but she doesn’t argue, and Dean knows it’s 'cause she’s had them before (and he makes downright fantastic burgers). Regardless of their banter, they’ve known each other since high school, and all the teasing is more of an inside joke by now than any real bad blood between them.
“You betcha. I’ll keep the meter runnin’.”
It feels as though each moment which has carved Castiel’s path, each stepping stone along his journey, occurred solely to lead him here, to this place, this life.
Still reeling and a bit lost in his own thoughts, Castiel croaks the first thing that pops into his mind. “Water.”
He nurses the hot mug between both hands and takes a timid sip, watching as Dean pulls eggs out of the carton he’d set by the stove and cracks them into a bowl. Bacon is already frying in one pan, the other bearing a square pad of steadily melting butter. Dean’s eyes flicker repeatedly between Castiel and his task and he shifts uncomfortably from foot to foot in the extended silence.
Every day since Castiel made the deal with Dean, whatever time the other man hasn’t spent working, he’s relegated to spending time with him.
“You thought what, Dean,” he says, heated breath whispering across Dean’s fluttering hole as he thrusts his fingers. Dean shudders, gooseflesh blossoming across the naked expanse before him.
“Ugh,” Dean interrupts, eyes flitting away. He wiggles uncomfortably, lets out an embarrassed huff. “Think I’m layin’ in my own spunk.”
A week after that unholy revelation, Dean watches Cas button his shirt in the floor-length mirror they bought for the bedroom, gnawing the inside of his cheek raw because even though Cas insists it’s not a date, an invitation for dinner at Meg’s place,
Sam points at a large box nestled beneath the side table by the door. “For you guys.”
He tips the half-drained bottle at Cas and sighs resignedly as Cas removes his hand and slips it into his coat pocket. He comes up to stand next to him and follow Dean’s line of sight.
“Dean,” Cas calls, muffled through the wood. Dean pictures him standing there, maybe mimicking his position, putting them forehead to forehead without the barrier. He raises a hand and touches the paneling, the heat of his anger slipping into a cold, hollow ache.
“Tequila?”
It’s hard to tell.
“Dean?”
“When will you be home?”
There’s Sam, who he considers his other half in a lot of ways and knows him better than anyone. But even with his brother, Dean’s always had to play a role. Parent, guardian, teacher, big brother, and pretty much in that order. Hard as Sam tries to get him to open up, talk about his “feelings”, he can’t. Not to the extent Sam wants, because to do so would lay bare all his insecurities and, worse than that, all his guilt. Guilt he holds for resenting his brother when Sammy did literally nothing to deserve it.
"I..." His chest tightens, the conflicting emotions warring inside him halting his breath for an agonizing second. A dark, self-loathing part of him doesn't believe Dean.
They work steadily in an easy, comfortable silence, Cas starting at one end, Dean at the other, and within a quarter of an hour they meet in the middle by the drink station. Cas fills a pitcher with soda water, popping each nozzle off the soda machine and dropping them into it to be set aside, then moves on to the slushies. Humming to a tune in his head, Dean sways his hips and dances with the mop, listening to Cas chuckle behind him. Then—
Okay, disappointment is probably winning. At least by a fraction.
“Enough, you two,” Ellen says, voice stern but fond, Bobby half-smirking, half-scowling next to her.
“So,” Benny starts, clapping him on the shoulder. “Comin’ out tonight?”
Same shit, different day.
Doesn’t realize until he gets there that he didn’t bother asking Cas what kind of pizza he likes, but knows he isn't a vegetarian (thank God) so he ends up ordering two; classic pepperoni and cheese, and one with all the meats because hell, he’s earned the right to splurge a little after such a busy week.
At length, Dean releases the air he’s been holding, low and quiet beneath the hum of the fan as Cas’ weight settles on the other side of the bed followed by a tired sigh. Dean waits, stock still, though he longs to curl into the other man’s warmth. It feels as though something’s broken between them and he doesn’t know how to repair it, or if he can.
Cas' smile immediately softens at the edges. “Dean has told me much about you. It's always a pleasure to meet his friends.” The statement tugs at Dean’s heart, and he can’t help the fond glance he gives the other man in return.
He exhales with a miserable groan, pulls out his fingers, and takes a deep breath in an attempt to sound normal. With his clean hand, he answers the call without looking at the screen, puts it on speaker, and barks, “What!”
He tries to watch the TV beyond Cas’ shoulder with his chin propped on folded arms, but his eyes gravitate to the other man against his will every few minutes.
Castiel groans, deep and low, head flung back on the seat. “You feel that?” He tugs Dean’s hips against his own to prove his point. “More than anything. We… we don’t have to stop, but...”
The door opens into an 18-foot-tall foyer with two rooms on either side. A dining room and office, based on what furniture remains, all covered in semi-opaque plastic sheets, and stairs by the office lead to the second floor, open to the foyer below. It’s dark inside, but enough light filters in through the many windows to reveal a thick layer of dirt and dust covering every surface and cobwebs hanging from the ceiling.
“Your turn?” Dean says, hopeful eyes flitting to Cas’ obviously tented slacks.
Dean chuckles nervously, rubbing the back of his neck. “It’s not that, uh—can you just… wait down here for a few minutes? Please?”
“Okay, so scratch that off as paranoia. As for Dean-o, what about that whole shower thing? You said he checked you out.”
Satisfied, Dean then turns and flops onto his belly, bouncing the both of them and knocking over a small pile of jeans. That earns him a withering (but still adorable) glare from Cas, and he apologizes silently with a shrug.
The world becomes a blur of pleasure and harsh breaths as he plunges into that delicious heat, controlling his thrusts with firm grips on the man’s hair and hip. His own hair mats to his forehead and neck, sweat dripping down his brow into lust-hooded eyes and he wipes it away with the back of his forearm, fucking like it’s the end of the world, like tomorrow doesn’t exist, like all there is is this blessed moment. He’s determined to wring every last drop from it if it’s the last goddamn thing he ever does, because they have already come this far and the future brings uncertainty but the here and now? Pure bliss.
Jaw falling slack with disbelief, Cas stammers, “Wh-what?”
beyond a shadow of a doubt he’s never loved anyone in his life more than this man, and he’s prepared to do everything in his power to show him even if he can’t yet bring himself to say the words.
Eyes wide and jaw falling slack, Cas answers, “Y-yes,” his voice suddenly hoarse.
That earns him a playful punch to the shoulder, and it seems to lighten Sam’s mood. They wind their way through the jungle of steel and iron, the organization of which to anyone but Bobby himself would appear haphazard and chaotic, back up to the house.
“You work too hard, Cas. Sounds like you have been for a long ass time. This is basically your vacation, but since you’ve been here it’s been nothing but more work. Cleaning, stressing over the house, helping me move my crap. You need to loosen up, have some fun.”
“Dean—”
He wants so badly to turn over, tilt his head and press their mouths together, capture the sweet mint toothpaste flavor he detects lingering on the other man’s breath, but the knowledge that he can’t is a spear to the chest which leaves him cold, empty, regardless of the temporary contentment these touches bring.
to do this.
He knows with the same certainty that he knows the sky is blue, or that few things irritate like sunlight on the back of his eyelids in the morning. There are certain absolutes in the universe, and in this case, one absolute is that Michael never calls him for anything. He barely acknowledges his existence.
Like in most of his recent fantasies, he sees Castiel beside him with perfect clarity. Not that he spends a ton of time staring at Cas or anything, memorizing each glorious feature (and if he does, well, nobody needs to know that but him). The perfect, straight patrician nose above plush, lightly chapped lips. The brilliant blue of his eyes, the way the lids slope gently at the corners when he squints. The way he smiles with them more than he does his mouth, which just makes Dean treasure the real grins that much more.
“I know, Cas.”
“Nngg, fuck,
He’d find Shurley senior sitting in his favorite wingback chair in his study, a glass of bourbon in one hand and framed picture of Castiel’s mother in the other. Not once did he make his presence known, though in all likelihood, the man sensed him there. No, on those nights, he’d watch and wait until his heart could no longer take it. Then slip away on quiet, socked feet, curl up in his dark, lonely bed, and cry for a woman he never knew and a father just beyond his reach. His only saving grace back then was Gabriel, who’d sneak in like he could sense Castiel’s pain without words. The elder boy would wrap his arms around him and card fingers through his hair until, sniffling into his pillow, he’d finally drift off to a blessedly dreamless sleep.
“Yeah?” Dean grins.
Dean rushes over. “Hey, lemme get that for you.”
“You don’t even smoke.”
“A pipe busted.”
Many thanks to my friends
They’re both well on their way to that white picket fence, two and a half kids and a dog, apple pie life and Dean couldn’t be more proud.
and he’s floating on cloud nine for how high and giddy he feels right here, right now, in this ancient car that smells of leather and oil and sweat and Dean’s cheap aftershave while rain pelts a steady drumbeat on the roof above their heads in rhythm to the thundering of his too-full heart.
He turns and strips his own shirt, mimicking the process in a rush. He’ll take another shower at home anyway.
Castiel gently sets her down, and she trots to her bowl with an eager mewl. After pouring her some food (and spilling kibble all over the floor in the process), he wanders into the bathroom. He loosens his tie and sighs, hands falling to grip the sink’s edge.
for fucking porn. Gorgeously flushed, long, and thick, it strains proud and straight toward the divot of his bellybutton with Cas’ elegant fingers spread around the base in a tempting V.
“I’ve been practicing. I know tradition dictates cake for such an occasion, but you prefer pie, so I thought—”
, and certainly not so soon. Dean looks equally surprised, if not more so. Opening the door wider, he notices a bright pink flush rising beneath the handsome man’s freckles as his gaze roams. Castiel looks down at himself, confused as to why his appearance would garner such a reaction.
“Gabriel was right, okay!” he blurts.
He's not upset, not angry with Dean whatsoever. More mortified than anything that Dean knows how aroused he made him, that Dean caught him in this compromising situation, and that he responded in kind like a horny, touch-starved teenager without waiting for consent. But try telling any of that to Castiel’s cock right now, which seems to care very little, if at all, about his turbulent emotional state.
Tuesday evening after work, freshly showered and smelling so delectable it takes all Castiel’s willpower not to devour him on the spot.
“Why don’t you just ask for his number?” Charlie says way too damn cheerfully one freezing but sunny January morning. Her fugly banana yellow ‘76 Gremlin is at the shop, so he’d picked her up on his way to work to retrieve it. Two birds and all that jazz.
“Yes,” he all but whines.
Dean’s coffee machine at home rarely sees use—partly because it’s old as balls and more jittery than a chihuahua in winter—and partly because the garage is right next to the Gas-N-Sip, so he never has far to go for blessed caffeine. That’s always his first stop, and that’s where he’s heading now, his shadow stretching across the pavement under a steadily rising sun.
“I wish you were too.”
He leaned back on one palm, staring up into the bruised, purpling sky as the sun slipped down past the distant treeline. “You say that like it’s that easy.”
Cas draws back. “I… I wanted…” he starts.
Once alone with Cas, the nerves kick into high gear. He’s wanted to ask Cas out for months by this point, but now that they’re actually sitting down together somewhere outside of work, he’s at a complete fucking loss. His eyes zero in on the napkin he’s currently shredding for want of something to do with his hands.
Dean shrugs again without looking at him. “Nah, go ahead.”
“Um, alright.” He wipes a clammy palm over his thigh. “Thank you.”
“Dean?”
, he likes the way it sounds. The way it brings a flame to life in his chest although that feeling has only ever been a dangerous one. It sounds like potential. Like
Eyes stinging, he fights against his quivering lip with a harsh bite, heart brimming with an overwhelming juxtaposition of emotion as though it’s simultaneously breaking and bursting. No one’s ever spoken to him this way, treated him like this, held him so protectively, as if he's something precious—not fragile, but
Don't hide from me.”
Castiel laughs as he watches the taller man take the stairs two at a time.
There’s only one way to fix it at this point. He wants touch, friction. Needs
Apparently, his dick thinks so, too. That or the coffee’s finally scoured the last dregs of sleep away and this is delayed morning wood. He stares down at it, red and heavy between his legs, as though its very presence is an insult.
Dean rolls his eyes, but decides to indulge him and opens the card.
Cas comes free with a slick
After a brief internal debate, Castiel flicks off the lamp, crawls into the empty space beside him, covers them both, and lies down facing the sleeping man. The barest hint of moonlight filters in through one of the windows, casting over Dean’s peaceful profile and his heart clenches almost painfully and the sight.
Cas smirks. “Anytime.”
Cas’ head whips from side to side, searching. “I can’t, I dropped it!”
“Good, so good. I’m—oh shit, baby, I’m close. Please, please, can I touch my dick, fuck, Cas—”
“You’ve got so much buried in there. You push it down, and push it down—”
“She’s quite stubborn, but I believe she will forgive you,” Castiel says, watching as Dean gingerly removes the plastic outer lining and begins poking around inside. “This is what you do, then?”
Even later once they were left with Bobby (who, at the time, was a year off from marrying Ellen, the two of them stuck in some weird, stubborn back and forth) it took a long time to feel like they belonged. So Dean and Sam still went on their midnight cruises, finding comfort in the familiar leather seats of the closest thing they’d ever had to a home and each others’ company. Stuck to each other like glue because the fear permeated every thought, every little thing they did, that one of these days Bobby would leave them too. Kick them out. Give up.
Instead, nervous and antsy from the minute they woke up that morning, Cas practically shoved them all out the door when they left and told them to “take their time,” whatever the hell that meant. It was beyond weird. Cas knows everything about Dean, possibly even moreso than Sam does. Knows him
Cas’ smile fades. He traces a slender finger along Dean’s jaw. “Not all of this, I hope.”
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel replies, voice surprisingly steady. He moves across the room, one arm extended with his offering. Dean takes it but eyes the liquid within suspiciously before lifting it to his nose. His eyebrows rise.
Dean looks over again and does a double-take. He’d know that face anywhere. Heart-shaped, framed by thick, dark curls. Cassie’s brown doe eyes turn on him, filled with frustration, maybe regret. They’d dated for a couple weeks their senior year of high school and split not long before he dropped out. She graduated and moved away. Last he heard, she was a journalist down in Chicago or some shit. But here beside him, she looks just the same as he remembers.
“Such a gentleman. You both could learn a thing or two from him,” she says with a musical laugh. Castiel is already enamored.
Cas turns, eyes narrowing. “And so what if she is?”
Dean knows he’s attractive. He’s used that to his advantage, used it to fill a void he knew existed but at certain points denied, feigned ignorance of. Wielded it like a weapon, one that’s also been turned on him more times than he can count. Sharpened, dug in deep. By hunters, old acquaintances of John’s (shit, even by John himself a couple of times to prove a point). By men in skeevy bars, sneering lips curved around bottles, eyes dark and wanting in a way that made his skin crawl, made him fold in on himself, made him hate his own reflection like nothing else could. By cops, monsters, demons. Shit like, “You have delicate features for a hunter,” and, “What’s a pretty little twink like you doing in a place like this,” and, “Heard you were handsome. But you’re just edible,” and, “Look at those cocksucking lips”.
“I missed you,” Cas murmurs between gentle kisses.
“Seriously? You uh, you wanna… Right now?”
“Just found out about
“Fifty a night, man. You got ID?”
“Gimme a sec?”
Someone snorts off to his right, and he turns his head to see Sam and Jo watching the exchange.
“Do you have—” Cas looks like he’s embarrassed just to ask, and in any other situation Dean probably would be to answer but right now all he cares about is getting Cas’ dick in his ass,
very,
“When?” Jesus, he sounds clingy as hell, but he can’t even bring himself to care.
It truly is beautiful here, and so unlike the city. Refreshing in a way no place he’s ever lived before has been. Beneath the clear summer sky, the trees and grass are lush and bright, swishing gently with the pleasant breeze. Most of the land immediately surrounding the house is flat, a few trees interspersed between it, the road, and the forest line at the far edge of the property. It’s stunning, near inconceivable to think that all this land, all this beauty, could be his. Well…
“Hmm. I’ve been thinking of you too.”
Hopefully, Cas has had enough time to cool off and will be more agreeable to his decision, because if he's being technical here, he’s not totally sure if the “fine” he got out of Cas earlier was about the bed situation or the promise of food. With that in mind and the vague demand for drinks, he brought whiskey and a six-pack of Margiekugels to placate him.
Cas squints, head cocked. “Yes?” he says, a little uncertain, as though he thinks Dean could ever truly forget him.
“Really? You’re the best, seriously.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam ignores him, positively beaming now. “He had a
. Um… thanks.”
Gravity weighs strangely now, awareness pressing in around him and he starts, vertigo hitting as his brain fights to reconcile too many simultaneous discordant sensations. It’s tipping, evolving, and Dean’s left wavering in the gap, semi-lucid but not quite enough to make himself move or speak. The fog is still too strong, too soft and pleasant, a hazy glow of contentment unfurling in his chest. It won’t allow him to open his eyes because he doesn’t want this to end, not now that Cas is here.
“Is this…” Dean pauses, cheeks flushing as he rubs his nape. “Is this because of last night? The nightmare? Or what we—”
Castiel has never been the talkative type, least of all around strangers. Yet despite having barely met, he feels oddly at ease with Dean. It's a familiarity bred not from time, but from what he supposes Gabriel would ascribe to "chemistry". Around Dean, Castiel can simply
caring,” Ash chimes in, words slurred. One of them is gonna have to give him a ride home tonight.
getting dates (or laid, for that matter), but the glamour of that life wears off
No other cars in sight, no twists or turns in the road, the path is straight and clear yet that former comfort has been replaced by dread for it lacking a
and of course, the supremely talented
“I… I can’t do that. Not with him.”
and that’s it.”
Dean nods, lies back on the pillows, and is out within seconds.
“Fuck.”
“Yeah?” Dean grins. “We wouldn’t miss it.”
Cas squints for a moment before the realization seems to dawn. “A family?”
for pre-reading, putting up with my griping, and all of their support.
Castiel cocks his head, like before. “But I want to, Dean.”
Cas clears his throat, and Dean realizes, shit. He’s got a vibrator in there, one he used like, a week ago during a rare moment when Cas was out of the house and he was home alone.
Distracted by the uncomfortable memory, he doesn’t notice when his foot catches on the leg of someone’s chair. It's an out-of-body experience, watching himself stumble in slow motion, brain lagging several seconds behind as his upper half pitches forward. With a desperate cry, he squeezes his eyes shut and plummets to the floor, arms flailing out to catch himself and the noise around him is lost to the rush of blood in his ears when instead, he smacks face-first into what feels like a brick wall. A strangely warm and not at all painful fabric-covered brick wall. Then something crashes to the floor at his feet, a sharp sound too heavy for glass. It shatters, abrupt like a punch to the gut, splattering something sticky and warm all over his pants and shoes. His breath sticks in his throat, shuttered and hesitant.
eye contact, and his husky fucked-out voice saying,
Dean’s pretty sure he’s drooling.
Castiel has never felt that level of comfort anywhere. He yearns, so deeply that it aches, to know what it’s like. To comprehend Dean’s meaning, not in an abstract, theoretical sense but to truly
Yet Dean is turning from him again, shutting him out, and he can’t, he can’t,
“I mean”—she counts off each point with her fingers—“you moved in with the guy. You mention him every time we’re on the phone. I’ve seen you texting at work with this goofy smile on your face—which, woah, that’s
Dean glances at Castiel’s reflection in the mirror to see him leaning against the doorframe behind him. To anyone else, his expression remains as casually shuttered as ever, but Dean detects impatience in the minute tic of his jaw and narrowing of his eyes. He flashes the man a haughty grin, running wax-lathered hands through his hair.
Then Cas’ chin tips forward as if he sensed Dean watching and, holding his gaze, the hand clutching at Dean’s shoulder for purchase drifts up to caress his jaw. Cas shifts, thumbing across the bulge in Dean’s cheek and, looking at him like he hung the fucking moon, purrs, “
And to my readers: each and every comment, kudos, and bookmark is a bright spot in my life that gets me through to the next chapter. Thank you!
He was ready fucking
Castiel strokes Claire’s back and informs her he’ll be back soon. “Don’t poop on anything,” he pleads. She glares at him as though offended by the mere suggestion and he chuckles fondly on his way out the door.
Several minutes pass, he’s not sure how long, with him staring out at the other people lining the shore, just thinking to himself. He spots a group of teenagers huddled around a small fire, giggling and sipping what he can guarantee isn’t just punch out of red solo cups. A father carrying his young daughter upon his shoulders, pointing out constellations. Two young boys crouched in the sand, digging through a box of Roman candles, bringing him back to a time when he and Sam had done the same at this very lake for the first time. A mother soothing a fussy toddler in her lap, husband beside her holding out the peace offering of a juice box.
Sam tilts up his chin, scanning the house. “Sounds good.”
It doesn’t make any sense. Maybe it doesn’t need to. Exhilarating and terrifying, it fills him from the inside, hot and bright as the birth of a star, spreading outward through his limbs until every inch of him vibrates, glows, with the force of it. Castiel can’t pull away from Dean, and doesn’t want to. Not ever.
The words fail him, dancing on the edge of his tongue where he shoves it hard behind his teeth, jaw cinched shut, because he doesn’t even know where to friggin’ start or if he’s ready to take that step.
He nods wordlessly and pours coffee into the giant bi-pride-colored Star Trek mug his best friend Charlie got him for Christmas last year, then shuffles into the bathroom to rifle through the medicine cabinet for a bottle of ibuprofen. After popping two tablets and chugging a healthy dose of the refreshing black nectar, he turns to shut the door and finds Ellen leaning, arms crossed, against the frame.
Dean snorts. “That’s not—”
Dean gasps, “Shit—wait, wait,” and scrambles from the wall. His hands flutter restlessly at his sides as though he can’t make up his mind what to do with them.
he has for Cas, though, it’s telling him he wants a lot more than just a one-time lay, and the last thing he wants to do is ruin their budding friendship by coming on too strong too fast. At the last minute, he pulls on a t-shirt.
“That’s wild, man. Used to be a Shurley here. You related?”
He holds Dean's gaze as though he can will all his thoughts and desires into the air between them and make them stick. After a long pause, he says, “For—”
“Still, I do owe you. Please, let me buy you another.”
He begs for more, and Cas,
Cas the way Cas’ mere presence consumes him.
Cooking has always been soothing for him, much like his work. Doing things with his hands lets him tune everything else out, and it’s that much easier when he’s doing it for others. Easier than thinking about the man smiling at one of Charlie’s corny jokes a couple yards away. Easier than sitting across a table from him every morning, Cas’ eyes sallow as he frowns at the coffee held in a death grip between both hands. Easier than watching the guy settled cross-legged in the garden, a gloved hand smearing a streak of dirt across his forehead as he wipes the sweat away. Easier than lying in bed beside Cas night after night knowing he can’t touch in the way he longs to.
Cas looks away. “Yes.” Dean’s heart plummets like a friggin' bowling ball and his smile follows suit. “I have to pick up some things for Claire before the store closes.” Cas fidgets, fingers clenching and unclenching. He looks down at his hands as though just realizing what they were doing and shoves them in his pockets. “I lost track of time.”
“Sorry, Bobby.” Dean grimaces, rubbing his sore skull. “What’s up?”
He can smell the clean, spicy aroma of Dean’s soap blending with the salty tang and numerous other scents natural to the man. The leather and oil and wood that forever embeds itself in him and lingers upon everything he touches. Their sheets, Dean’s car. Everywhere Castiel goes now, he smells Dean, but this is the first time he’s ever had the privilege to get
“So greedy for it.”
, and it's easier somehow to let go, simply
“Are you using your word?”
“Bitch!”
Startled, Castiel backs toward the front, half expecting some vandal to burst into the room, mask and all, to shake him down. His heart races, nostrils flaring as he reaches one long arm out toward Claire’s crate, ready to make a beeline for the exit.
But the glowing, pleasant warmth that settled in Castiel’s chest upon meeting and getting to know Dean, however briefly, is tainted by familiar vines of doubt, creeping and tangling their sticky limbs around his heart. Not in a million years would a man like that be attracted to Castiel, even if he were, per chance, gay (and far be it for Castiel to assume, as past experience has taught him.) Mistaking the man’s politeness for interest would have undoubtedly ended in disaster.
“I might chase stories for a living Dean, but if you wanted out you could have saved yours. Told me the truth.”
His stomach growls. For now, he pushes those thoughts aside.
This is his brother; his former lifeline, once upon a time. The man he'd looked to for answers to all the world's questions, the man who in all honesty held a larger presence, was more of a father to him, than their own. Castiel has spent far too long excusing Michael's behavior, his treatment of him, of Gabriel, of everyone else on this goddamn planet as scum beneath his boot. As though they’re ants to be toyed with and crushed at his leisure, for his pleasure,
kissing him, and oh, it’s everything he’s ever wanted and
Soon as they arrive, Cas cordons Claire off in an upstairs bedroom with food and toys so she won’t be underfoot. Cas is easy to get along with, which settles any lingering nerves he has over the prospect of living together, however temporarily. His sense of humor is dry as a damn desert, and it’s harder to get a chuckle out of the guy than anyone Dean’s ever met ‘cause he either finds his puns absurd or doesn't get them to start with, but Dean kinda likes it. Adds to the challenge.
Sam groans. “Okay, okay. Enough with the look.”
He pulls out ever so slowly, watching the point where their bodies meet until only the tip remains inside. Then snaps his hips forward, sharp and quick, grunting at the change in pressure and depth and the shout that erupts from Dean washes over him like a caress.
He rolls his eyes. Replies to Ellen with “Wouldn’t miss it 😘,” then sends a smug selfie to Sam (bird-flipping included, for good measure) which makes him snort because he can already picture in his mind the look that will cause. Bitchface number thirteen, most likely—the one that says,
And that’s it—Castiel can’t take it—he needs to see Dean, needs to feel and kiss and touch and then he’s hovering above the trembling man, still pumping his fingers as he claims his mouth, rough and demanding. The taste of him sings across his tongue as it plunges into Dean’s pliant mouth, imitating the motion between his legs. Dean keens wantonly against his lips, rocking back down on Castiel’s hand so he lowers himself down to an elbow, bringing them chest to chest, soothing Dean with his comforting weight. He adds yet another finger, and only then does he curl them upward again. Dean’s cock smears precome between their stomachs as he strokes the man into a weeping frenzy, thighs twitching against Castiel’s sides where Dean had released them when he could no longer maintain that position.
“You’re disgusting.”
He tells Dean what he’s done in slurred, garbled words, or at least he tries. He's in that between place, sorta floating and sinking at once, sobbing numbly as he talks with snot running down, catching at the edge of his lip. Probably looks like a disgusting mess, but Dean just listens, expression patient and sympathetic. Then Castiel says he’s made the choice to stay, and
, he thinks, familiar and whisper-soft, mouths brushing once, twice, then again—but he’s pent up, has been for so long, practically
guy?”
in the diner turns to stare.
A wicked idea flits through his mind. There’s something he has hidden which Cas has yet to see, and although he’s a little scared of his reaction, this has put him in an experimental mood. Castiel is doing something new for him once again, bridging the physical distance between them to satisfy his needs, and he wants to return the favor. Wants to
Or so he thinks.
“And Sam, man, he was smart. Kid was going places. I think at some point Dad realized... Anyway, he brought us back here when I was fifteen, dropped us off with Bobby. Visited from time to time, but even when he was here, he wasn’t
Wringing his hands out of view, Castiel swallows thickly and nods. “Did you know them?”
Dean's had no one to wake up with, come home to, and take care of since Sammy, and even then, it never felt like
“Dude, you okay? I’ve been lookin’ everywhere for you!” He shoots a glare over Castiel's shoulder at the other men and tightens his grip on his shoulder. It seems almost… possessive? Perhaps he's over-analyzing the situation.
While Dean stashes the beer in the cooler, Cas takes their chairs over to the others, and Sam lays the food on the foldable table alongside the rest of their bounty. Ellen brought a bowl of her homemade potato salad and savory-sweet brown sugar baked beans (with bacon, of course), Sam his traditional rabbit food, and Dean the burgers and hot dogs.
Turning away, he muses,
“You love to be petted like this, don't you?”
That does make him smile, however lazily, because he knows it to be true. Always has been, always will be.
So yeah, close as they are, deep and unconditional as their love runs, there’s always gonna be things Dean holds back. Shit he buries. He’s spent his entire life protecting that kid and if that means taking his pain and guilt to the grave to keep from hurting him, so be it.
Quickly as the idea comes, a sharp sting follows. It’s not his place to want such things. Yes, he
“No other family here?”
“What was your reason, then?” Dean asks out of the blue, eyes still on the screen under his fingers.
He’s less than pleased to hear Dean is moving in with a stranger, and as such, for every pro Dean dishes out, his brother weighs the cons.
Anxiety nags at the back of his mind. There’s this dark feeling that takes over him when they part in the morning, as though a lifetime of separation waits beyond the front door regardless of how much they text. His heart aches with the knowledge that one of these days, once his eight hours are up and he comes home, it’s gonna be to an empty house, Cas and Claire packed up and gone. (Yeah, he’ll even miss the
“Yeah.”
“What? No, that’s not the—”
He chuckles. “Not at all. I think it’s… cute.” The cup hovers beneath his nose, hiding his cheeky smile, but before Dean can respond he gulps it down and shoves his cup back into Dean’s hand.
He doesn’t bother waiting for the shower to heat before stepping inside, hissing as the cool water hits his skin. The shock of it stirs him further awake, and it’s a stark relief from the summer heat outside. Before long, however, steam begins to fill the room, so he pops the cap off the small travel shampoo he bought and lathers the suds into his hair. He’s barely scrubbed and rinsed the sweat from his skin when someone bangs on the front door.
, and—
“Already have?” She pauses, turning briefly to find Cas staring at them both. Flushing brightly, she offers a timid wave and faces Dean again. “What did you do?” she says in an accusatory tone.
It’s a Thursday like any other when Dean’s GE 7-4612A alarm sounds, tuned to his favorite station. This particular mid-September morning he wakes to Paul Rodgers crooning the sweet yet melancholic “Ready for Love” and groans, flailing one arm out from beneath the covers with eyes slitted against the meager pink-tinted light of dawn filtering through his curtains to slap clumsily at the off button.
“Okay.” He sighs and reaches for a towel. “I’ll see if Zeke can meet us out there. Gimme about… half an hour to head your way.”
. She understood his need to get out and be his own man, and made it clear that he always had a home to come back to if the need arose. With a few proud but stubbornly unshed tears and quick hug from her after, that was that.
“Yeah,” he breathes. “Yeah, okay.” His fingers slip and slide as they twist and tug the base of the plug. After a brief struggle and frustrated grunt, he pulls it free, his gaping, wet hole clenching and pulsing around empty space, and pleads, “Need you.”
“If at any time you’re uncomfortable or want to stop, you will tell me, yes?”
Cas’ eyes shine wetly in the fluorescent stair light, the most breathtaking blue Dean has ever seen and the only color he thinks he’ll ever care about for the rest of his life. His cheeks are ruddy, blushing almost crimson and covered in the permanent shadow Dean’s imagined so many times scraping along his inner thighs.
Then Ash barges into the room behind them, wiping his hands on an oil rag. “Eeeey, Dean! Caught you just in time.”
Making out on stairs is a recipe for disaster, Dean quickly learns.
He looks different, yet so much the same, wearing an ill-fitting suit and crooked tie beneath a rumpled beige trenchcoat. His hair is windswept, a bit longer than before, and the circles under his eyes are darker than Dean remembers, the eyes themselves tired. Perhaps even forlorn.
“Yes, but I haven’t had a chance to—”
“Almost.” Dean puts the phone down long enough to shirk out of his flannel and pull the t-shirt over his head. “Okay, okay I’m ready,” he says, panting a little from the combined buzz of alcohol and curious elation. “What, uh, what now?”
“I already have it.”
Sam’s helped, but he’s also learned not to push, not like he used to. Cas, though... it’s Cas who’s really bringing it all out into the open. Reading him like a friggin’ book now that some of the air’s cleared between them (it’s not perfect, but they’re getting there, they’re making progress. Healing together).
A long moment passes. He gulps a weak, unsteady lungful of air and finally speaks, voice raspy in his throat from thirst and disuse. “I—what? Oh… yes, I guess I did. Sorry.”
He gives in then, lets the languid dark swallow him whole.
“You good?” Dean says, his brow pinched with concern.
Cas ignores Dean’s fumble, for which he’s oddly grateful. “You’re in your room?”
Not that he has a
“I’d like for you to take off your clothes.”
This ain’t Dean’s first rodeo, he knows he’s attracted to Cas. Like, ridiculously fucking attracted. Maybe it’s the hot five-o'clock shadow on his sharp, square jaw. Maybe it’s the sex hair. Maybe it’s the crystalline blue of his eyes, so piercing in their intensity it’s like he can see into Dean’s soul (he's already waxing poetic about the guy, for cryin' out loud). Whatever the cause, he’s definitely filing that moan, and the attached imagery, away for later.
“I’m being serious, Dean.”
“Yeah?“ Dean grins excitedly. “Hey, uh, whaddaya say we go grab a bite for lunch? It’s about time for mine, too.”
Castiel desperately longs to claw it away, to witness that vulnerability again, to know every part of Dean, place each one on a shelf where he can examine them at will, touch them and cherish them, treat them as the delicate and beautiful artifacts they are. But that feeling is dangerous, one Castiel is not willing to indulge, or perhaps unable to. He tamps it down, locks it in a box, buries it.
“No.” He shakes his head, nuzzling closer. “I want to stay with you.”
, and he knows at this moment that he’s in real trouble. The feelings he’d been trying to shove into the “purely lust” category all this time, the ones he’d only been capable of examining in spurts so he could then bury them down to ignore afterward are spilling over in waves and it’s all he can do to ride the tide and pray he survives.
“Ah! Oh God, fuck fuck fuck—”
To my betas this chapter: my friend Sav, of course, who never turns down a chance to read my smut and has been my number one cheerleader for nearly a year now. And
, needs
with his eyes—what he’s even askin’ for he barely knows—yet somehow Cas meets them with surety. Says nothing for a long minute, communicating solely through their shared gaze that Cas will take care of him, that he’s here to
Living with Bobby was meant to be a temporary convenience because Eden’s not exactly bursting with real estate options and it allowed him to save up for the business and Sammy’s education. But it’s been less than convenient for Dean’s love life, or rather, the lack thereof.
Baby’s engine purrs as she rolls to a stop in the bunker’s garage. Dean turns the keys in the ignition and sighs, sitting back against the seat and patting his full belly.
more.
Castiel blanches, taking the joint again. He gives the men a conspiratorial nod.
“If you wanted to move out so bad, why didn't you say so before? You could stay with me and Jess! We have an extra room—”
Held down by his hip, Dean twists the plastic stirrer between forefinger and thumb, and a lingering droplet of coffee splashes onto the toe of his boot. Stepping forward into Cas’ space, his nose captures a pleasant scent—soap, or maybe aftershave. Something sharp yet earthy and clean. Reminds Dean of petrichor, the aroma of dew clinging to the moss and leaves and delicate petals scattered across a forest floor the morning after a tepid rainstorm. It suits the guy, somehow.
“What did you wish for?” Jack asks, eyes wide.
. His lips trail down Cas’ jaw, finding the small spot beneath his ear that makes him hum with pleasure (and sometimes, when he bites it, whine with need). Then he slips a thigh between Cas’ legs, less out of wanting more than reflex, and rocks forward, careful and slow—
“Yes, yes, yes,” he chants, clutching at the cloth covering the other man’s back.
“Pshh, I don’t care. He probably deserved it. But this might brighten your day a little!”
Castiel breathes a sigh of relief and smiles, grateful for the save. "Isn't it early for alcohol?" he says.
“What’s wrong, Dean? Who is a ‘bitch’?”
He’s excited to cook dinner for Cas so he can see the look on his face when he eats, hear the noises of pleasure he makes when he enjoys the food (sounds he most definitely files away for later).
Castiel sits forward in the chair, elbows on his knees, hands clasped between them. “I told you that my father died,” he says, albeit hesitantly. He doesn't quite have the same liquid courage to discuss his family today. Dean just nods. “He grew up here, and his childhood home was left to me. Well, to Gabriel and me.”
Castiel ends the call and scrolls through his contacts, pacing the few feet from his desk to the door and back as he makes the arrangements for bereavement. He gets a total of five days and tacks on another two weeks of vacation time he has saved since he’d used none of his vacation or sick days for the year. He doesn’t leave work until eight that evening, hungry, exhausted, and emotionally drained.
Stupefied, Dean stares at the spot Castiel Novak previously occupied, feeling the loss swell and crest like a physical ache beneath his ribs, a reflection of the space Cas had carved deep within his heart and then, unwittingly, abandoned.
fashion
“I hate to say this, but you’re gonna have to figure this out before you lose the chance.”
Or he will be.
Cas braced himself for this from the moment he hit “send,” yet that doesn’t prevent an icy shudder of trepidation from trickling down his spine when his phone rings Monday morning. He takes a breath. Wipes a paint-stained hand on the jeans now designated for household chores and digs the phone of his pocket, warily lifting it to his ear.
Cas startles. “Really?”
“Wait… so you were
He lifts the bags in his left hand. “Got everything right here.”
” Dean sips his drink. Fiddles with the glass, voice choking on the memories. “He, um—he died after Sammy left for college. 'Bout eight years ago now.”
cares about family more than anything. And he’d stood by Castiel in the worst of times when he had no one else. Protected him, in his way.
Cas reaches for the liquor bottle, pours them each another two fingers, then gulps his down and slouches against the seat, mirroring Dean. He tilts his head back, resting it on the leather and wood as he mumbles, “My story...”
“What happened?” Dean says roughly, the worry obvious in his eyes despite Castiel’s drunken state.
. “Tonight, I want to listen to you fuck yourself. Pretend it’s my cock you’re riding, filling you up and breaking you apart. I want you begging for me, Dean, pleading for me to let you come. And you won’t come, not until I tell you, because you want to be a good boy for me. Isn’t that right?”
“So, Cas. You never did tell me why you came to Eden,” Dean says, peering up at him through impossibly long lashes.
“Dean, I’m—”
“Yeah. I wanted to—” Cas cuts himself off, rubbing the nape of his neck. “I-I’d been job hunting since graduation and finally got something lined up at the university. I start at the end of the month.”
He scrambles to grab it and slick it up, eagerly aligning the plug with his stretched and needy hole. It slides in with just enough resistance to elicit a hiss, and being much thicker in girth than his fingers alone, nestles directly against his prostate when he sits back on his heels again. He shudders, an electric tingle lighting along his spine.
He tries to control his grin as he sits on the bench in the foyer to lace up his boots, Cas hovering in front of him with an unfairly adorable pout. “Dunno, depends on the damage. I’ll text you, but there are leftovers in the fridge just in case.” Before he can think, he stands and presses a quick kiss to Cas’ cheek.
Her brow goes up another centimeter. Dean never asks for expensive anything, aside from the rare luxury like his memory foam mattress (because he needs his four hours damn it and after a long life of hard, lumpy hotel beds and Baby’s backseat, he’s willing to shell it out to ensure they’re comfortable ones).
A full spread of snacks decorates the countertop surrounding the sink; chips and chopped vegetables with homemade dips, sliced fruit, salad mix, a charcuterie board full of meats and cheeses, trays of Dean’s famous sliders, and several varieties of fresh-baked tarts (or as Dean calls them, “mini pies”). The old fridge is stocked with beer, and on the counter directly beside it, they’d set out an assortment of liquor and mixers, from rum and Coke to vodka and orange juice, to whiskey and Sprite, and everything between that they could think of, along with a huge stack of red solo cups. Castiel still isn’t sure they have enough, but Dean insisted repeatedly that people are bringing more food.
Instead, Castiel lifts his knee, planting the foot closest to Dean against the mattress in a weak effort to block the little bit of chub he’s sporting from Dean’s view (which is remarkably difficult to do in thin cotton pajamas, by the way). He twists to grab his own beer from the nightstand on his side, left arm reaching across his body. Cool air hits the skin of his exposed hip where the shirt rides up, but with his stifling internal humidity, it comes as a relief more than a bother. He flops back and guzzles the neck, releasing a long sigh as the refreshing liquid washes through him, and attempts resolutely to focus on the TV, let the alcohol work its magic.
“Look, we’ve been cleaning for hours. I’m gonna go pick us up some dinner. Just uh, chill out for a while and go get cleaned up. ‘Kay?”
“You’d better not be touching yourself yet,” Cas growls through the nearby receiver.
“Y-yeah,” he whispers softly and begins fumbling at the button of his fly with trembling fingers, the phone jammed between his ear and shoulder. His knuckles brush against his slowly filling cock and a pleasurable shudder rushes through him, heady and enticing.
With Bobby it went much the same. He’d said simply, “‘Bout time, idjit,” with a blunt, gruff voice but twinkling eyes that told Dean they were good and Bobby was happy for him.
. It would be sleazy to masturbate in someone else’s bed, though the temptation is definitely there because he’s still a bit remiss to be awake at this hour or even considering getting out of bed. Were his blood pressure not through the roof, and were he not so damn hard, he’d probably shrug it off, roll over, and go back to sleep.
Drinks and plates in hand, Castiel and Dean work their way into the living room and find Sam with a group beside the fireplace.
“What? No—uh, Sam.” A peculiar flush darkens the apples of his cheeks, but he doesn’t appear to be lying. “It’s just a thing we”—he shakes his head, expression now somewhat fond—“nevermind. You ready to hit the road?”
Once again I must thank
“Only for you, Cas,” he pants. “I’m yours, your good boy.
, Dean hears the slap of flesh against flesh through the phone, and the image of Cas stripping his dick while listening to Dean fuck his own tight hole, panting and whining for more, sends such a strong bolt of arousal through him that his cock weeps another drop of precome. “Pull your hair now Dean. Make it hurt.”
“Well then...” He claps his hands, rubbing them together excitedly. “Meg, you heard the man. Burger, beers, and pie!”
He grabs his phone from the nightstand, a clean pair of clothes from a still-unpacked box by the bed, and, holding them over his crotch, high-tails it to the bathroom, too embarrassed to look back.
“Maybe I don’t mean me.”
“Me?” Dean smirks.
They open all the windows and turn on every stand-alone and ceiling fan in the house to circulate the draft, but it’s like sitting in Baby with the vents blowing hot air at his face while he waits for it to cool. (Yeah, he needs install HVAC in the house like,
“What can I say?” Dean winks. “I’m a man of many talents.”
“Yup. Said he met a girl.”
By sheer willpower, he forces his mouth into the most charming damn smirk he can manage. The guy’s legs are still slightly bent and his fingers are digging uncomfortably into Dean’s hips, giving him the impression if he lets go he’ll sag to the floor. So he holds on, and those blue gems just stare right back, pupils all big. Dude looks dazed, probably embarrassed. There’s a hint of something else in his gaze, too, but Dean’s too distracted to go analyzing it, busy counting each glistening fleck and all the variations of shades. It’s so tempting to spout the, “did it hurt when you fell from Heaven,” line, considering the circumstances, that his
His pulse pounds in his ears as Dean yanks the key from the ignition and with a resigned sigh says, “Look, I’m sorry. I was outta line.”
“Cas...” Dean says, voice breaking. Castiel hears the click of his throat, feels his pulse against his cheek, the movement as Dean swallows. “You’re gonna be fine.”
It brings to Dean’s mind that awkward sensation you get when you’ve forgotten a new acquaintance’s name. Under the assumption that they think you know it, you keep up the charade, shuffling and dodging around potentially using the wrong one to avoid causing offense. Then snoop, and drop hints, and lead them with little conversational breadcrumbs in hopes they’ll just say it out loud and put you out of your fucking misery.
He can simply be
I must thank the brilliant, lovely
Cas slides across the seat toward him, body radiating heat. Pacifying and electrifying all at once, he craves
“That okay with you?” he says, looking at Castiel. “Beer? I mean, uh, I can order you something else, but anything stronger you gotta get over at—”
?), each movement equal parts arousing and mesmerizing. He exudes graceful, elegant strength, looks for all the world like even the most difficult positions take little to no effort, and seems at peace in a way he hadn’t that first month as if a great burden has been lifted from his shoulders.
Dean rubs the back of his neck. “Look, I won’t lie to you, Cas. It’s not the first time I’ve worked on that house.”
Naomi replies.
watch the bob of his Adam's apple as he swallows with a small, satisfied smile. He also does not lick his own lips, wondering what the skin of Cas’ throat would feel like against them. Then Cas picks up his burger, eyeing the thing like he hasn’t eaten in a year, and takes a bite.
“I can’t even tell if he’s interested.”
And his
Dean chortles clumsily, still dodging both men’s gazes. “Nope. Nothing.” With one long pull, he finishes the beer and chucks it into the trash. “C’mon, let’s get this party started!”
is enough.
“Yes.”
“Mrrrraoow,” Claire croons, interrupting his moment of groggy introspection as she slinks up his torso to settle below his chin. He cracks one lid open, squinting up into her narrow, sky-blue eyes, visible by the light of the muted TV he’d fallen asleep to the night before. A paw soon follows, swatting tentatively at his nose.
(See the end of the chapter for
By the time the call is over, he’s feeling irritable and drained, and his stomach is beginning to protest its emptiness. Reentering the room, he flings the phone at the bed before flopping into the chair beside Dean, who is mounting the A/C back into the wall.
They decide to make a trip to the local grocer in town after since it’s the only day Dean has free until the weekend. He’s excited for Friday’s party, hopeful that everyone likes Cas as much as he does, that they make him feel at home, though focusing on why that matters to him gradually brings down his mood.
, he thinks. He doesn’t say that, though, instead simply nods and smiles. “Pancakes?” he asks hopefully.
Dean chuckles weakly, the sound vibrating through Castiel’s chest. “Maybe a little, but not in a bad way. Once they get to know you, they’ll love you...” he trails off.
He’s told himself for weeks he’ll do anything to remain by Dean’s side, even if it means keeping these feelings to himself, even if all he’ll ever have is Dean’s friendship. But every so often Dean does or says something to give Castiel a tantalizing sort of hope which he clings to for dear life in spite of the voice in the back of his mind insisting it’s foolish, unreasonable, dangerous. It’s as though he’s suspended at the edge of a cliff and one wrong step will send him plummeting to the bottom, yet he can’t help feeling it’s worth it anyway if with the right step, he’ll spread wings and, free for the first time, fly.
Shifting awkwardly, pain lances through him again, cutting off that train of thought. “Ugh… I’m gonna regret this in the morning.”
He loves—
“I’m sorry, that was extremely inappropriate. I don’t wish to make you uncomfortable. Let’s um, please just forget this entire conversation.”
Dean bursts into laughter. Like, crazed person, body shaking, can’t get any air into his lungs fucking laughter because really?
“Seems you haven’t changed.”
"What I tell you, man, we got some strange folks here. But they're good people. It's a good town. Once it gets its hooks in you it's hard to let go."
Dean’s mind is foggy, stuck in that comfortable, lazy place between consciousness and sleep as he slowly takes in his surroundings. It’s pitch black from what he can see through the curtains, the room still and dark save for the dim silver hue cast by the sliver of moonlight streaming through the curtain gap.
Michael makes an ugly sound in the back of his throat, something between a scoff and a growl. “Were you not my brother, I would have left you on the street.”
—fingers card through his soft, short locks.
Cas turns his head to look at him, eyes wide, but doesn’t move. “What?” Dean lays on his side and holds up the blanket, gesturing an invitation for Cas to scooch over. “Are you… are you sure?”
“Just gorgeous,” Cas mumbles, hands stroking Dean’s thighs for a moment like he’s lost in thought before he comes back to himself and tugs the pants over Dean’s feet, tossing them across the room.
want to impress him, he realizes. He wants Cas to
“I’ve known the Winchester boys a long time, and Dean’s always been stubborn as a mule. Who knows how long he would have let this illness slide without asking for help. I can tell you care a great deal for him.”
Cas looks up, eyes finding Dean immediately as if he sensed him staring. He smiles and gives a dorky little wave, which Dean returns enthusiastically, and he opens his mouth to call him over when—
She hums and stares, and he rocks on his feet, and it’s starting to feel awkward as hell the longer she watches him.
Dean picks up extra shifts, works himself to the bone with 60 hour weeks for a while until Bobby cuts him off with the excuse of, “you’re gonna kill my wallet with all this overtime, boy. Go home.” Dean doesn’t believe him. Bobby’s worried, but knowing all too well how Dean reacts to emotional confrontation, he’s probably unwilling to acknowledge it or thinks Dean just needs some space and will come to him when he’s ready.
A shiver runs down Dean’s spine, goosebumps following in its wake. His name, from those lips, in that voice. He shouldn’t like it as much as he does. What is it about this guy that's got him so worked up?
“I fail to see how that is any business of yours.”
Grinning indulgently and shaking his head, Castiel stumbles his way into the bathroom. He rushes through the motions, eager to return to his lover’s arms. Pisses quickly then cleans himself at the sink, sloppy and tired, splashing water all over the counter. After filling a small cup, he chugs it in one go, moaning as the cool, relieving liquid soothes his parched throat. He then wets a rag and refills the cup, carrying it back to Dean and thrusting it into his face.
The images behind his lids are no less vivid; the dusting of freckles beneath gleaming peridot eyes, a jawline like carved marble, and full, pink lips so perfect they were surely shaped by Cupid himself. A beautiful golden Adonis, in every sense of the word that matters, with powerful shoulders, adorably bowed legs, and a denim-clad ass that could make angels weep.
” His hands flail behind him until finding their goal, and, groping the back of Castiel’s thighs, pull him even deeper. “
“This is about a man, isn’t it?”
With Cas, he’s not a brother (and unwitting father), not a hunter, or, as it was once-upon-a-time, Michael’s favorite meat suit. He doesn’t have to be the leader here, doesn’t have to make the hard decisions. Or on some nights, any decisions at all. He’s just—
That said, he knows she isn't who he wants. No one else will do, that's why his dumb ass hasn't gone to the city bars in months. He's pining like a damn sap.
Cas says nothing, just stares in a way that’s become oddly familiar to Dean even in the brief time since he’s met him. Doesn’t take long before Dean’s getting nervous. Not a bad nervous per se, more a “these butterflies need to cool their shit” nervous because suddenly the pie and alcohol aren’t the only things dancing in his stomach.
“Everyone screws up sometimes. That’s just part of being human.” At his pleading look, her arms fall to her sides. “Okay, fine.”
that he knows inside is really a definite
“Sure there’s nothing you wanna tell me?”
Within seconds, Dean is calm once more, virtually purring from Castiel’s ministrations. It brings a fond smile to his face.
Glancing over from the side of his eye, he catches Cas taking another drink. He totally does
Dean bristles, offended. Not this again. “Oh, that’s hilarious.”
“Cool, yeah, I got you. You new in town?" The man squints, eyes scrutinizing but glassy and unfocused. "Never seen you around.”
A swell of pride fills Dean’s chest because he did that.
“Pfft. I’m not
For years, this has been his life: wake up before dawn, brush teeth, morning run, shower, get dressed, feed Claire, eat (if he remembers), grab his suitcase. Hop on the subway, work until five (more like seven, frankly, because it seems the workload on his desk only ever increases no matter how much he gets done that day) with an hour for lunch at noon. Take the subway again, feed Claire, eat, brush teeth, then fall asleep with Netflix playing in the background. And the following morning, he rinses and repeats, except for weekends.
Within minutes of broaching the subject, Castiel is pouting indignantly, arms crossed, and Dean’s wavering between amused and frustrated at Cas’ insistence that he can sleep anywhere and it doesn’t matter. “Dude, you are
Sam chuckles on the other end of the line and Dean hears him say something, muffled though like he’s covering the receiver with his hand. Probably talking to Jess. Then he says, “What about you? I need your help with something.”
Once the food is done and everyone has served themselves a plate, they sit in their chairs, forming a crescent along the shore to look out upon the water as more clouds slowly creep across the skyline. The weather is still fair, and though the wind bites more as the sun sinks below the horizon and the first fireworks begin to burst in brilliant rainbow hues against the starry backdrop beyond, it’s not enough to call it cold yet.
“If you say so.”
More and more lately, he catches himself side-eyeing the empty passenger side. Used to be Sammy there, once upon a time, all gangly limbs and big hazel eyes. Used to be just the two of them out here on the open road, middle of the night, nothing better to do than cruise through beautiful countryside, waiting out whatever job Dad was on. Hoping he’d come back in one piece and maybe, just maybe, it’d be the last time. (It never was.)
Eyes slipping shut, Dean takes a breath. He closes the refrigerator door, slowly turns around, and opens them to see Cas on the far side of the room. His gaze is downcast, arms crossed protectively across his chest. The grey fabric between his pecs is dark with sweat, molded to his skin.
“Dean, it’s—”
“I’m sorry about earlier.”
For whatever reason, Dean keeps holding back and Castiel can’t bring himself to push. Even if Dean is attracted to him, Castiel wants more than one night of euphoria, because however amazing it may feel in the moment, it wouldn’t be worth ruining what they have now.
He wants to be around Cas
Castiel stiffens. Someone has upset Dean, and the thought doesn’t sit well. Worms deep into his gut and clenches his fists at his sides. Castiel isn’t one to seek out a fight, but he’s never backed down from one, either. He wants to know who this person is and where they are, the logical part of his mind saying
Dean’s gaze drifts over—
“Oh.” He exhales, smoke billowing from his lungs, and passes the joint again. “I’m—”
Dean waves it off. “It’s cool.” He picks up a screwdriver and begins removing the outer casing of the A/C unit. “It’s not that bad, won’t kill me or anything. I can pop a Claritin and I’ll be fine.”
He pictures the valley between Castiel’s tanned pecs, the way that droplet of water traced its path last night. He feels it beneath his curious fingers through a thin layer of fabric. The hot, lean muscle just below, and the thin trail of hair leading down, down...
. You’d know better than anyone, wouldn’t you, Dean?”
“Holy shit.”
It’s a struggle, returning to his point. “I did well in school. After, not so much.” He shrugs. “Academia provides a very different lifestyle to one’s average ‘nine to five’. Michael said I got lazy, complacent.”
“Ya know what, fine. Do what you want,” he eventually mutters, frowning at the space between his knees.
He misses the guy enough to keep tabs on him throughout his workday. At first, he worried he’d come across as clingy, overbearing. Make his feelings too obvious. But if Cas thinks so, he says nothing.
. It makes his heart
“I’m talking to you right now.”
“Well, we’re not,” he snaps, loud enough that a quick glance in Cas’ direction shows he heard the outburst.
Hangovers are a bitch.
“I know you will, my love,” Cas says, pausing for breath. His angel is waiting for something, purposefully dangling Dean over the edge of that sweet, agonizing precipice. He crests upon the endless waves of pleasure, mind growing hazy with arousal as every synapse fires like ricocheting shotgun shrapnel, muscles growing sore and stiff from the position though his body feels almost weightless and just as he’s about to give in and
“Dean?”
His heart sings beneath his ribcage, beating a steady rhythm to match the rise and fall of Cas’ chest as their eyes pull each other close, closer, just a hair’s breadth away. Their noses touch. Dean tilts his head. Then, a soft press of lips, chaste and sweet.
Which leaves him circling back to Cas. He’s not a brother, nor a lover, and not merely a friend like Charlie or Benny. So what the fuck is he to Dean?
he thinks.
“Yes, Dean.” Sam’s lips purse. “Aren't you the one who told me everyone needs a waffle iron?”
. Dad’s hometown, some podunk little place called Eden.”
is Dean Winchester.
Dean thought (or hoped) Cas sticking around would make it easier to sort out his feelings.
“Jerk.”
Strategically, they’d prepared for this. Organized their father’s hospital care, made financial arrangements, attended to the signing of wills, so on and so forth. However, he had put little thought into
?” Ash asks, probably one shot away from giving him full-on heart-eyes at the news. No wonder he and Charlie get along, the saps.
...Okay, maybe he’s not fine.
“No.”
He stills, panting and trembling, body sagging, forehead pressed against the cool tile of the shower wall as the fantasy dissipates and bitterness takes its place. Physically, he's sated and blissed out, but it’s not the relief he wished for because the longing… the longing and the loneliness remain.
“I’ll take the couch tonight like I said I would yesterday.”
conversation go any further. He elbows his brother hard in the ribs and jerks his head toward the hallway.
Dean walks back to the garage in a daze. Goes right into Bobby’s office, tells him he doesn’t feel well.
, he's so whipped.
“I mean if you had one. A relationship. D’ya think you’d consider it now?”
He shakes his head, his scruff catching on the skin above Dean’s collar. Dean shivers in response. “I’m awkward,” he mutters, lips hovering above warm flesh. Castiel is sorely tempted to press them down, kiss the line of his neck, savor the salt of him on his tongue.
At that, Dean hums, plopping onto his butt and shifting to face Castiel. He stretches his legs out, twisting his neck side to side, working out the kinks from squatting in the same position too long. The relieved groan which escapes Dean’s lips is not lost on him, and he prays his face remains impassive despite the momentary hitch of his breath.
Damn cat knows she’s not allowed up there but she’s even more stubborn than he is. He shoos her off the bed, rolls onto his back, sits up, and immediately cries out from the head-splitting pain. It feels as though his brain’s gonna explode through his eye sockets, throbbing and tender within his skull. His throat is even more scratchy and sore than that morning and his shirt sticks to his skin, soaked in sweat.
It’s never gentle, dusky swaths of coral dawn winking through a slim gap in the curtains to caress his skin, the sweet susurrus of another’s steady breathing on his pillows. It’s never curled fingers tenderly massaging his scalp, sheltering arms slung around drowsy bodies, an aura of calm and safe and
Dean nearly spits his drink across the counter as he erupts with laughter. “Pretty much. Glad he didn’t scare you off. He’s weird, but a good guy, and smarter than he looks. Basically a genius, if you can believe it. Even went to M.I.T.”
Then in a lower voice, Billie says, “He’s lucky to have you.”
John had made it clear after their mom died that taking care of his little brother was Dean’s purpose in life. His job. His mission. Fair or not, Dean knows he woulda taken on the responsibility anyway because that’s… that’s just what you do for family. More often than not, Dean and Sam were all each other had anyway.
Fuck, he
He starts at the gravely, unfamiliar voice, blinking up from his wallet into the bluest eyes he’s ever seen. Deep and clear as crystal, hooded with dark lashes, they’re surrounded by an equally unique face. Broad, strong-jawed, with a slightly dimpled chin, straight Patrician nose, and shadow of stubble that seems to pay five o'clock no heed. Around his own age, he guesses—maybe a year or two older. Not classically handsome per se, but definitely attention-grabbing. Paired with
Cas wants
want. I’m tired of being alone, having no one. Besides Gabe, my family has always treated me like a fuckup, a defective tool, like it’d be better if I weren’t around. I was never good enough”—he blinks back tears—“I’ll never be good enough. But my brother’s so far away, and I’m always alone, and now my father is dead and I don’t want to go back to that, I don’t, I
They find Cas in Bobby’s office-slash-library (though there are more books piled on the floor and desk that in actual shelves), poring over an ancient-looking tome. Bobby’s hovering over his shoulder, pointing to something on the page, giving brief monosyllabic answers to whatever Cas is asking. It’s rare to see Bobby engage with a stranger at all, much less being friendly, and Dean is pleasantly surprised.
Stepping inside the Gas-N-Sip, he scans the store and spots the hot new guy (whose name tag, Dean found once he wasn’t too dumbstruck to notice it, reads simply,
A roguish grin spreads over Dean's face. "It's 6 p.m. somewhere."
, as it gives him a chance to catch his breath and
In the conversation that follows, they both vow to compromise. Cas agrees to take his coffee mugs to the kitchen instead of leaving them strewn about in various rooms of the house and stop leaving his laundry in a pile on the floor of his still-unoccupied room because, “dude, there’s a basket for a reason.” Dean agrees to loosen the fuck up, stop nitpicking, and trust that even if Cas hasn’t done something
Castiel shrugs. “I considered selling it, but Gabriel thinks I should quit my job and move in because it would be ‘good for me’.”
He bites his lip, choking back a needy whimper. Cas must take Dean’s stupefied silence as stubbornness though, thank God, because with a quick glance from Dean’s eyes to his mouth and harsh, unusually shaky exhale, Cas grumbles, “Fine,” and stalks back toward the freezer aisle with his arms full.
“I mean, I’m no good at this, man. I don’t know what I’m doin’, and it scares the hell outta me, but… I guess maybe I’m willing to give it a shot if you are, ya know?”
“Tell me the truth, Dean,” Cas murmurs lowly, voice like fucking velvet and sandpaper all at once, smooth and deep and rough in that familiar, tortuous way that shoots down his spine and all the way to his groin. “
After an hour of intense internal debate, he decides to drop in and check on Cas before closing. Just to, you know, keep him company.
“Tell me the
“Exactly. That’s not normal, not for you. I’m worried.”
Townspeople form little clusters either beneath the open sky or portable canopies, gathered around stereos, tables, and bar-b-que grills, with chairs and blankets laid out across the grass bordering the narrow strip of sand and weathered-smooth rocks running the length of the glimmering, pristine shoreline. Spotting a flash of bright red, Dean weaves through the crowds over to their—er, his—family’s spot.
Instead of taking their former places at the counter, Dean steers him with a palm against the small of his back toward a booth near the front window. Castiel fights the urge to close his eyes and lean into Dean’s strong, broad hand, its warmth seeping through the dark blue cotton, and regrets its loss the moment they arrive at their seats.
“Oh, so you’re not denying it!”
“Whatever it is, I’m not touching it.”
Just like that, Castiel sees the facade slipping back into place. He wants to rip both of their masks away, tear the walls down that they’ve each spent their entire damn lives building around themselves. Give in to the urges which have plagued him so long, to the way Dean makes him feel inside, show this man just how astounding he is, how loving, beautiful, kind, and brilliant. Make him understand just how much he deserves happiness, peace.
Then proceeds to drop them.
He jerks his hand away, cheeks burning hot. Suddenly he really wants a stiffer drink, but all the diner has is beer and that ain’t near enough to settle these kinda nerves.
Even fresh from a shower, the combined scents of oil and metal linger on the man’s skin—evidence of his profession—but they aren’t unpleasant. Above that, he detects leather from Baby’s seats, the crisp notes of Dean’s soap, and the heavier wood, musk, and sweet spice of cologne. God, he smells divine; like rich, finely aged bourbon and apple pie savored around a balmy, crackling fireplace on a cold winter’s night. He inhales deeply, gently nuzzling at the hinge of Dean’s jaw.
“Yeah, yours…” He ruts against the dildo and
By the time he approaches the cab, Claire is awake, yowling, and angry. He sheepishly ducks into the backseat and attempts to soothe her. “My apologies,” he tells the driver. ”I need to get to the Eden Lodge back in town.”
“Morning, Sunshine.”
Dean makes his way across the parking lot, boots trudging through last night’s already-grey, muddy slush. He buries his hands in his jacket pockets, lamenting his failure to grab gloves on the way out of the apartment. It’s not winter yet, but for as frigid as November in Lawrence gets, it might as well be, so the minute he steps into the welcoming warmth of the convenience store he’s rubbing them together, attempting to blow some feeling back into his fingertips. At least he’s got work gloves waiting in his locker with his coveralls—pretty sure functional hands are a primary job requirement in his field.
Harvelle’s Roadhouse, run by none other than Ellen, is a real jewel even in a college town like Lawrence. The hole-in-the-wall bar has been a staple of the community since before Dean was born, and like the show
“And for you?”
Dean doesn’t even
Dean’s heart wasn’t in it, not the way hers was. There was too much shit he couldn’t let go of, too many pieces of himself he simply couldn’t give her.
“I never get sick.”
Dean huffs a breath beside them, sounding almost annoyed. “You done?” he says, tone surly. Benny chuckles, giving Castiel an eerily knowing look as he nods and drops his hand.
Cas’ hands, one holding Dean’s purple, blue, and pink plaid shirt and the other a hanger, fall to his lap. He’s staring still, but Dean’s too tired to care. “If I make you some tea, will you actually drink it?”
Cas blinks. “But we’re currently several miles outside of Eden.”
Yes, he knows Dean. Knows him intimately, in various other ways. He’s learned a catalog of Dean’s laughter, the little chuckles and chortles, the boisterous guffaws. The way he sings in the shower as though no one can hear, or hums beneath his breath while at the stove, focused, tongue between his teeth. The way he grunts and groans in frustration or pain, sniffles and gripes when he’s sick, huffs and growls in anger, annoyance.
“You’re leaving?” Dean swallows hard, an anxious half-smile twisting the edges of his lips. He sends a silent prayer to whatever god will listen that Cas says no, or asks him to come with.
Until Benny snaps his fingers right under Dean’s nose.
Suddenly self-conscious, he circles the center island to pour himself coffee, lamenting today’s choice of black slacks (since his jeans are dirty) and plain grey t-shirt. Both of which are horribly wrinkled from sitting in his suitcase all week. He's never placed much priority on his wardrobe, nor had much occasion to regret that fact... until now. Parking a hip against the island beside Dean, Castiel wonders idly what he’d choose, given the option. If he would look more appealing, perhaps, with a little more effort.
The art for this chapter was created by my brilliant, kick-ass friend
Or both.
Whatever it is, he snaps.
“I… hope…” Dean speaks between peppered kisses along Cas’ sweaty throat, “it’s you… naked.”
“No! No, I’m uh. Hold on.”
The skin beneath Dean’s freckles flushes prettily from his admission. Castiel’s stomach flutters and heart swells. Leaning up on an elbow, Castiel arches down to capture his lips in a soft kiss, pours the words lying on the tip of his tongue into the warm, sweet cavern of Dean’s mouth, hoping that delicate touch alone can express all he feels.
He sighs, eyes sliding shut.
. Their journey will continue one day, but for now... I just want to thank everyone who followed this far. I appreciate you endlessly. Please subscribe for future updates!
They’re outside at Singer’s Salvage now, standing between the rows of hollowed-out metal and plastic vehicle husks. Dean leans against a stack, watching Sam pace a few feet away. Arms spread, shooting him one of his signature bitchfaces. Brow scrunched, eyes squinted, lips pursed. A look skirting the line between worried and annoyed, one that tells him Sam ain’t buying whatever he’s selling.
“Whatever,” he grumbles, standing. “I’m getting another drink.”
Cas nods, lips twitching with a bashful smile, and says, “Okay, Dean.”
Bobby notices them come in and pats Cas on the shoulder. Cas’ eyes brighten immediately upon seeing Dean which gives him a warm, funny feeling in the pit of his stomach.
“Thank you.” Castiel lifts Claire off his lap and sets her in the seat beside him. She meows, annoyed by the disturbance, but quickly resettles and falls back to sleep. “I'll return shortly.”
“Upstairs,” he growls, releasing Dean and backing away.
“Told you not to eat that third burger. I swear you’re gonna have a heart attack one of these days.”
He hasn’t slept a friggin’ wink.
“Yeah.”
Somebody better call the fire department because yep, his face is actually, literally, engulfed in flames now. He didn’t realize just how much he’d spilled the first night he met Cas. Considering Charlie’s absolute lack of a filter and Jo’s teasing attitude, there’s no fucking way the entire town hasn’t heard about it. And he’s already sent out a mass-text inviting about two dozen people to Friday’s party.
“I didn’t”—his eyes dart away, looking at everything except Castiel—“You know. Mean for that to happen.”
“Taken care of,” Cas interrupts, a hint of impatient exasperation coloring his tone. “But I don’t want to talk about that right now, Dean.”
“That’s bull,” Jo says, snorting. “You sing all the time. When you’re drunk, or in the car, or the shower, or—”
“Yeah,” Dean groans. “Faster.”
It takes a while to pry Dean’s arms apart, but he manages to maneuver his pillow into his former spot. Dean latches onto it immediately, burying his face into it, and mumbles happily.
“Finished?”
Dean's skin tingles with the shock of that promise and he moans as his—
“Dean, you—you’re so—” but the rest of his words are lost to a guttural moan when Dean swallows him down again, relaxing his throat and taking him in until his nose is nearly nestled in the coarse, dark hair at the base.
Dean twists in his seat to face him. “You don’t have to do that.”
“Shh,” he soothes, caressing the man’s jaw with his nose. “I’ve got you.” He sits back on his heels, withdrawing his hand despite the desperate whine Dean emits. “How do you want me, Dean?”
“I’m sorry. This is all my fault.” He sighs, shoulders slumping, and scrubs at his face with a calloused palm. “Fuck, Char, what am I gonna do? I don’t want to make this weirder than I already have!”
Many thanks to my betas,
Many thanks to my lovely friend
He groans. “Okay, I’m up, I’m up.”
Now, with the weight of mortality sinking into Castiel’s joints, the faint silvering of the hair at his temples, the crinkling around his eyes, he understands. Maybe not as well as he could, or should, but he’s getting there. At the least, he recognizes the importance of these gestures. How a soft caress, or whispered adulation, or a small gift can show someone,
“Sometimes. You?”
It’s beyond amazing what Cas can do (and Jesus, how is he so
“Thank you for calling me. I
Glorious perfection, that’s what he sees—
friend!”
for beta'ing this chapter.
Castiel starts and spins around, feeling a full-body blush work its way across his skin. How long has Dean been awake and standing there? He hadn’t heard him get out of bed.
But, as Sammy frequently reminds him, he also drinks too much, eats terribly, and doesn’t work out as often as he should. Perhaps that's why a small nagging part of his brain eats away at him now, wondering how Cas feels about a little extra softness around the middle, if he finds Dean attractive or is simply being polite, if this invitation means what he hopes it means—
and it’s all he can do not to pound him into the mattress—
So Castiel swallows thickly around the words, rests his head against the window. Breath gently fogging the cool glass, he lets his eyes slide shut and consciousness fade.
He hears a distant thud beyond the bathroom door but can’t bring himself to care because he's close,
He starts drinking—less at Harvelle’s, and more at his apartment, alone. Gets lazy about shaving. Sleeps through most of his days off. Loses six pounds. A mess of empty cans, mugs, and takeout containers pile up on his coffee table, the kitchen counters, a shelf or two.
But this?
Castiel sits back, alarmed. “What?”
“What?”
Castiel frowns.
Nothing wrong with that, he supposes. He got free pie and some decent conversation out of it, anyway. But it doesn’t change how the night ended, or the fact that Cas is gone. Dean rubs his temples, sets the coffee down, turns the shower on, and strips.
He pauses, taking a breath, like he wants to say something but isn’t sure how, and Dean hopes it’s what he thinks, that all his doubts have been misguided products of his own shitty opinion of himself and not a reflection of whatever Cas actually feels. His heartbeat drowns out the fireworks, anticipation tingling across his skin like the wind. Then Cas turns toward him fully, bringing them mere inches apart.
Saturday morning, Dean picks Cas up at Eden Lodge as he checks out. It’s the first day they’ll officially be under one roof, and Dean prepared by spending way too long in front of the stupid mirror despite knowing he’s just gonna get dirtied up again in a few hours.
This is his own personal Heaven; a perfect two-lane strip of rain-damp asphalt stretched far into the horizon. It’s so still, so quiet. Soothing. His head tilts back, exposing the long, bare line of his neck to the breeze. Rotating gently, he cracks it and groans with relief.
“Can…” Cas takes a deep breath. “Can we—?”
“Don’t,” he snaps. Then, ashamed, his eyes immediately dart the floor. “It’s nothing, don’t worry about it.”
“Hello, Sam,” he says, this time instigating a quick hug and pat on the back. “I’m so pleased you could make it. And this lovely lady must be your fiance?” She takes his offered hand with a brilliant smile. He bows neatly, pressing a gentle kiss to her knuckles.
“You know I don’t sing, Charles.”
, the look upon Dean’s beautiful face is worth every second of pain and loneliness he’s endured over the last three decades. The crow’s feet around his eyes deepen with a grin that spreads like sunshine’s warmth, casting its radiance over Castiel and flushing him down to his toes.
“Well golly, Dean, you’re looking a little red.”
“What?”
Dean’s fingertips twitch with need, and as he rubs two sweating palms against his jeans he notices his cock's beginning to take a keen interest in this new development. He angles his body away, forcing his eyes to follow suit, and ends up railing his pelvis into the corner of the dresser.
Dean grabs Castiel’s arm and loops it over his waist. A smile spreads across his face as he settles in, cheek nuzzling the fine hairs of Dean’s chest. Tangled together from head to toe, Dean links their fingers and hums, pleased, the vibration rumbling through their hands. Castiel feels the comforting rise and fall of his breath, listens to the steady thrum beating beneath his ear with warmth in his heart and possibility in his mind.
. Dean whines high in his throat, spine curving.
“Shurley?” he mumbles, more to himself than to Cas. The name sounds mildly familiar, but through the fog of the evening’s events, he can’t seem to place why.
Over the past few months, Rufus has been giving Cas more responsibility in overseeing the store, so it doesn’t come as much of a surprise when he starts asking him to close up on occasion. It’s a point of pride for Cas, that he’s earned that sort of trust (especially from a grumpy old bastard like Rufus), and Dean can respect that.
“How’s your head?”
Dean sucks in a breath, body trembling as Castiel pries his cheeks apart with one hand and circles his thumb around his tight, pink rim. He teases slowly, gently, slipping just the tip in then sliding out and circling again, massaging the muscle into pliancy.
The door is already closing when he finally hollers, “Lemme know if you need anything!”
It’d be a lie to say it’s sunshine and rainbows all the time, however.
“It’s my job to worry about you boys. Just as much as I do with Jo.”
“But you still haven’t asked him out,” Benny points out.
“What?”
, all gummy and beautiful, eyes crinkling, nose scrunched. Nobody but Cas could go from sexy to adorable, zero to sixty, in a second flat.
He’s really fucking dying. (And if he’s not, he kinda wants to, because whatever the hell this is feels
It's one thing for him to self-deprecate, and quite another for someone else to mock his reputation. Blue-Eyes glances between them, confused, but his lips twitch like he’s holding back a smile and suddenly Dean
He drags a hand over his mouth and stands, crossing the room in long strides. Throwing the bathroom door shut as he enters, he presses his forehead against it, eyes squeezed tightly closed. His chest feels constricted, his breath coming in short, rapid pants as though he can’t get enough air.
“Alright then.”
Frustratingly, Cas keeps his eyes on the television and speaks in short, curt sentences until they crash for the night.
Cas hovers in the doorway of their bedroom, a basket full of laundry in his arms. They’d decided to combine loads from the start, since it was easier and took up less water when they had to do it at Bobby’s. Even after the new appliances arrived at the house a few weeks ago, the habit stuck, and Cas insisted on taking that chore since Dean does the vast majority of the cooking.
Castiel isn’t the odd one out because he’s gay, but because he’s just
He shakes it off, resisting the part of him that floods with shame at knowing even from afar, and after all these years, his brother still gets to him. He can visualize Michael’s steely eyes, his hard, unforgiving face. Can feel the disappointment rolling off him in waves, and he’s not even in the damn room. Castiel shudders.
There's no Chuck or world-ending prophecies. No destiny, or “chosen one” bullshit. Unfortunately, the things that go bump in the night didn’t up and vanish, but there’s a whole new generation of hunters to help keep ‘em at bay.
“You got it,” she says, giving Cas another once-over.
“I’ll have some beef jerky and a pack of menthols.”
. Now, I gotta revoke that privilege?”
Castiel sighs, a soft, content sound. It feels unusual but welcome. He flicks the bathroom light off, wandering back into the bedroom. Smiling at the back of Dean’s still-sleeping form, he pads to the dresser on silent feet, grabs a pair of his briefs, and slips into the closet. He drops the towel from around his waist and stretches, happy to enjoy the cool air from the A/C they’d finally installed on his naked flesh. Scanning through the hangers, he selects a black Metallica t-shirt that isn’t his and slips it, and the briefs, on.
“I like
On the ride back, the scents of native cottonwood, oak, and wildflowers drift on the wind into the open window through which Cas gazes. Sunlight dances across his tanned skin, emphasizes the brown highlights in his dark hair. His eyes flutter closed, lashes fanned against his cheeks, expression peaceful, content. Dean spots his hand lying on the bucket seat between them, and it takes everything Dean has not to lace their fingers together.
“Nah. I got a dude I can call, he’ll take care of it.”
inebriated, the day of his father’s— Well, suffice it to say, Castiel is filled with joy and satisfaction rather than regret and nostalgia, and that’s what matters. He can’t remember the last time anyone made him feel this comfortable and welcome, so for now, he allows himself to bask in the sensations.
He fetches a clean blanket from the closet, then tugs the ruined one out from beneath Dean despite his grunts of complaint. Finished with the water, Dean sets the cup on the nightstand and pats the bed next to him.
Maybe it’s the beer, maybe he’s just an idiot, but before he can stop himself he asks, “What about now?”
“Cas! CAS!”
When he finally emerges, Dean’s nowhere to be seen. He examines the truck out front, parked in the grass beside Baby, but it’s empty. Shielding his eyes against the sun, he scans the property.
“Dean…” he murmurs, holding him firmly. “Thank you.”
“I don’t
“That sucks. My bad, man.” Ash’s gaze drops back to the computer like it contains solutions to all the world's problems and it's his sole job to fix them.
Suddenly a little pink-cheeked, Cas side-eyes him from the pile of single-serve sugar packets and stirring straws he’s currently restocking while Kevin, the high-school senior who’s worked there part-time for the last year and a half, mans the register. Cas’ lips twitch into a small smile, and his eyes even hold a hint of warmth. Like maybe he’s actually glad to see him.
from the
Dean rolls toward the nightstand on his side of the bed and flings open the drawer, fishing out the lube. He knows exactly which toys he wants tonight, too, so he sets the vibrating plug and his favorite dildo by the pillows. They’ve got nothing on Cas because ain’t no way cool silicone can match the silken skin of Cas’ cock, the throbbing heat of it that makes him feel so alive, or how Cas puts it to such masterful use. But using them knowing Cas is listening? Getting off to it right along with him? Fuck yeah, they’ll do just fine.
She gives him a look that says “how dare you” before jumping down to the floor, sulking irritably toward her food dish.
“Hungry?” Dean asks, smirking.
“What purpose would canine fur serve?”
A flare of frustration is visible in the set of Cas’ shoulders and tightness around his eyes. “Then what is the problem? Talk to me.”
“Hey, you knew what you signed up for,” he grits out, rage and pain and fear swirling with the panic. It’s too much. Cloying, clawing, fucking terrifying but his foot’s stuck on the gas and he can’t let up.
Cas takes a sip, humming appreciatively as the smooth, sweet amber liquid slips down his throat. And yeah, Dean’s watching every movement, not even trying to hide it anymore.
Wiping a forearm across his sweat and dust-layered brow, Cas stares down at the floor with a face that says he’s not new to being scolded and clearly hates it. Dean flaps a dismissive hand in the air, waving away any potential argument Cas has left.
obits.
“Yeah.”
It’s downright
“You know I am.” Dean pinches the bridge of his nose and sighs. “Be there in twenty.”
Alone in the bunker, he allows his rough, slightly off-key voice to rise, echoing through empty kitchen as he covers the dough in plastic wrap, places it in the refrigerator, and washes his hands.
The crunch of tires against dirt and gravel pulls them apart.
much of a lightweight.”
“I know,” he breathed.
it’s setting him on fire from the inside out, his heart beating a wild tattoo against his ribs like it wants to escape.
“About that offer…”
Sam clears his throat and lets his arms unravel, drawing Castiel’s attention away from the strange look Dean’s shooting Benny. He says hello, and Sam returns the formal greeting with an embrace so surprising and warm that he forgets to hug back for a moment, ends up awkwardly patting the middle of his back instead.
“Eh, I’m sure Rufus won’t mind.”
Jess answers before Sam can, “This one here made it through all of
By his final tally, they have functional electricity, internet, working plumbing, shelter (obviously) and little else. But Dean’s had worse, and if he’s honest the excitement of the project keeps his spirits up. Long as they don’t encounter anything major like foundation issues, a bad roof, asbestos or black mold, it should only take a couple months to get the house in peak condition again.
Glancing up, he catches sight of his dripping reflection. Scarlet cheeks, lips kiss-swollen, hair standing at end, pupils still dilated with arousal though his erection has decidedly wilted without attention. He reaches for the hand towel hanging beside the sink and dabs at his face and neck, noticing a fresh mark near his collar where Dean’s lips had bitten and sucked at the flesh. He touches it gently with his fingertips, running over each little impression of Dean’s teeth and suppresses a shudder at the heady rush that brings him.
“Hmm. Well… hey, if it comes down to it you could always sell the house and come live with me.”
By the time Cas swings by with a busted tail light, Dean says
Cas’ eyes drill through him analytically as he pats down the bottom corners and, finished smoothing out the poster, settles on his heels to admire it. He pointedly ignores Cas until the guy gives up and moves to sit cross-legged at the foot of the bed, pulling clothing out of the basket to fold.
“Not a morning person, huh?” Dean finally says, pouring whisked eggs into the buttered pan.
Castiel shrugs and follows his lead, giving Meg his order and settling back against the booth. Thankfully, she says nothing about the deflection, and their meals arrive before long.
. Do you mean they are going to have se—”
By the time he finally works down to the base, the blood in his veins is lighting him up from within, his skin burning hot with want, thighs shaking, chest heaving, pretty panties soaked with lube and precome and sweat.
. Making Cas feel
, it’s is the kind of place where everyone knows your name. A sort of second home where locals can relax after a long, hard day’s work and enjoy a decent beer and pub fare surrounded by familiar faces.
Unfortunately, life ain’t that simple, so he’s settled for the next best thing; taking affection where he can get it and keeping his mind numb and hands busy when it’s gone.
“It’s only September.”
“Oh,” Dean says, trying not to sound too disappointed. Might as well twist the knife in a little deeper. Maybe throw on a little salt, too, because apparently, Dean’s a masochist. “Anything exciting?”
“I want to hear you say it, Dean.”
His eyebrows knit.
“Huh.” Quietly ruminating, she chews her bottom lip for a moment. “So you’re worried about seriously falling for this guy, or you already have but you don’t want to screw up your friendship. Am I close?”
—when suddenly there’s nothing but air beneath Dean’s feet and his hands, which still have a stern grip on Castiel’s shirt, bring them down together.
“Look, I don’t know if he’s uh, into me that way. Or dudes, period. What’s he gonna think if people assume we’re together? What if he thinks that’s what
“I’ve only been here a little over a week and already feel myself slipping into old habits. Guess it just brought up some… uncomfortable memories.” He glances away from Dean’s painfully sympathetic eyes and clears his throat. “It’s not important.”
Castiel casts a side-eye at the stale, cold coffee sitting on the plastic-covered end table a foot away. It’s nine in the morning, late enough for him to be alert but early enough that he is nowhere near ready for this conversation. Not that his entire blood volume in caffeine could ever truly prepare him for it, anyway. He pinches the bridge of his nose, only belatedly wondering if he’s smearing paint on his face.
he doesn’t say.
“‘M awesome… that… you’re awesome.”
“Impala.”
Cas blinks owlishly. “Why?”
“Sounds great,” Dean says with a grin that moves fluidly from anxious to excited. “I’ll uh, I’ll be right back.”
Perhaps Dean’s not the best judge of a “healthy” diet, as Sam can attest, but at least he appreciates
“What the—”
There’s no Apocalypse on the horizon, no more Big Bads. For the first time in Dean’s life, he can actually see retirement on the horizon and it doesn’t feel like an empty promise.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sorry, Claire,” he says, gently scooping her up and depositing her on the bed beside him.
“—I’m so—”
the relieved groan that slips out is gonna have a VIP spot in his spank bank for the foreseeable future.
Just when he thinks Cas isn’t going to reciprocate, Dean hears a thud, the crinkle of plastic, and feels a soft, tentative press of lips. Cas’ hands cup Dean’s jaw, fingers run through his hair, pulling him closer, the bag forgotten at their feet. An orange rolls out onto the dark, rain-spattered sidewalk, bumping Dean’s shoe. Ignoring it, he leans into the kiss, deepening it eagerly and tracing his tongue along the seam of Cas’ lips. They part, welcoming him inside, and he takes the invitation as a man possessed would, mapping out each warm crevice and pulling Cas closer with desperate fingertips digging into sharp hips. Cas’ mouth tastes of honey and tea and rain, herbal and salty-sweet, of time lost and the beautiful here and now.
It's not that they were ever close. Sure, he loves—
No, this is something else entirely.
“Hey, baby girl,” he murmurs fondly, stooping to scoop her into his arms. She sniffs at his lips and squirms away, scowling as much as he supposes a cat can at his whiskey-sour breath. “Sorry. It’s been”—he hiccups—“a long day.”
He checks his phone. It’s 8 a.m., a little later than he usually rises, but he’d lounged around that morning due in part to his condition, and because it’s Saturday, so he’s off at the shop. Not that it’s a regular nine-to-five, but he spends four days of the week there while reserving the other three for rest, time with family and friends, chores, and occasionally odd jobs around town.
“I’ve never had occasion. None of my… ‘relationships’ lasted long enough to consider it. When I was younger, maybe, I’d think from time to time, one day, but then that day didn’t come. So I threw myself into my work instead, got Claire.”
And even if someone did, screw ‘em.
Dean peers through the windshield as he turns off the ignition and smiles at Cas’ concentrated frown. He’s focused intently on counting the register, putting the last of that day’s cash into the zippered envelope which gets deposited in the office safe before it’s dropped off at the bank. Pocketing Baby’s keys, Dean makes his way to the door, rapping his knuckles on the glass.
“Relax, man. I’m kidding.” Dean looks away, raising his cup to his lips. After a long, slow sip, he says something under his breath that sounds like, “Unless...” but it's too soft, slipping off through the air even as Castiel strains to hear.
Castiel sips his drink and casually asks, “Do you partake, Dean?”
quick. Sometimes… sometimes he doesn’t want to make the long drive of shame back home with an empty stomach and emptier heart. Or wake up to find the other person’s skipped out in the middle of the night. Yeah, it’s happened, even to
when he finally bottoms out, pelvis flush against Dean’s supple ass, he freezes, gnawing the soft inner flesh of his cheek, eyes squeezed shut to keep his composure. Dean is so tight around him, inner walls slick and hot and pulsing,
Jack beams proudly, blue eyes crinkling, and suddenly Dean is reminded why he was so eager to return home from the diner despite how much he enjoyed gorging himself. He was a bit disappointed and confused as to why Cas declined the invitation.
Chuckling darkly, he ignores it and quickly lathers shampoo into his hair, humming to distract himself. He tries not to think about him, he really does. But as he turns his face into the spray, eyes closed, a vision of blue dances behind his lids and he nearly whimpers from the pulse of longing it brings.
Four hours later, Castiel trudges up the stairwell to his apartment on legs of lead, the disgusting squelch of wet leather following him with every step.
“Alright.”
Sammy insisted over the phone on meeting them back at Bobby’s place to help with the move, but Dean suspects (correctly) that the gesture has more to do with curiosity about Cas than simple goodwill.
he feels toward Dean is mutual, after all.
And holy shit, it’s like a lightning bolt runs straight through his fingers into Dean’s. His hand is warm, smooth, and far softer than Dean’s calloused one, made so by a lifetime of manual labor. But it’s large and strong, too, and still rougher than a woman’s.
“Are you wearing my apron?” he says, because apparently he’s Captain-fucking-Obvious.
Dean snorts derisively and Castiel sucks in a terrified breath.
“How about you pick out the movie for tonight and I’ll tell you. I think they’re gonna need some uh—alone time.”
His cheeks heat from the slip of tongue and grow even redder as Cas responds with his familiar soul-searching stare. Castiel’s lips part, then close again, and he looks as if he’s waging some silent, internal battle for two minutes solid. The air continues to thicken between them until Dean’s forced to look away lest his lower brain take renewed interest in the proceedings and get him arrested for indecent exposure. Then he turns and—“Oof!”—Dean grunts as a blur of red tackles him into the row of vegetables behind him.
“That stuff is garbage! We’re supposed to be getting real food.”
He shrugs, pouring a fingers' share into two of the glasses he and Dean had bought together.
It’s so brief, he almost doesn’t catch it, but Castiel lifts his beer to his lips at the same time his eyes float down Dean’s body. His heart speeds up, leg bouncing on the lower rail of the stool. On a whim, Dean thrusts out his hand. Meg robbed him of a proper introduction, so he’s gonna do it right, while she’s out of the way.
Smiling, big brown eyes warm and bright, she waves them over. “Dean, sugar,” she croons sweetly, “how you been?”
, baby, I’ll do anything, I—”
The younger Winchester balances a large, covered bowl between his hip and the crook of his arm. “It’s Mediterranean quinoa salad, Dean.”
and murmurs, “Lovely.”
scent just hit him like a ton of bricks.
“Before Sam interrupted you.” Restless, Castiel tugs a bit too hard on the skin at the corner of his thumbnail. A drop of blood swells to the surface and he wipes it on his pants, finally risking a glance at Dean. His cheeks are beautifully dark in the scant silver light.
“No. Never,” he says with a dopey grin. “Promise, I’m okay.”
. There’s a tear on his cheek. It’s hot, wet, dragging a slow and tortuous trail through stubble all the way to the edge of his jaw. As clear to him as every other sense here, but somehow more—
The reddening of his flesh spreads like wildfire. “Can I see you now, too?” he pleads.
Dean’s responding grin is possibly the most beautiful thing he’s ever seen, and with it, the pressure dissipates. Dean pats his hand once and sits back. “Besides, you’re not a damn robot, man. Don’t feel bad for taking a break. Matter of fact, you know what you need?”
“Hiya, Cas. What’s up?“
Though to be fair, it fucking sucked and drove him psycho, and yeah… Dean doesn't like thinking about that
Dean pushes off, backs up to sit on the lip of the tub, and says, “It’s open.”
Dean pauses, glancing up through his lashes, fork halfway to his mouth. He lowers it slowly with a sigh, cheeks flushing. “Look, um… about this morning—”
“What are you lookin’ at?” he snaps.
. Can't let the rest show. “Why, you wanna keep me company?”
“Nothing.” Dean waves a hand, the other coming up to stroke his sharp jaw. “Have you seen it?” he says, stopping in front of Castiel.
Sam glances between them both for an oddly long, scrutinizing moment before letting the guy’s hand go and busting out a giant grin. “That so?”
“I think I’m adorable.”
Admittedly, there have been moments when Castiel questioned his early assumptions regarding Dean’s proclivities. To think that perhaps the attraction, the
to tell me this is none of my business?”
, else.
He paused. “No. They’ve been very welcoming.”
Turning his attention back to the food, Dean mumbles, “Uh, good. Great.” He opens the grill cover, finds the coals are at their ideal temperature, and begins laying down neat rows of hamburger patties and beef franks.
babe,” he says, “yeah,
Grimacing, he chokes out, “Please, please, I am begging you. Jo, too. Don’t breathe a word of that to Cas.”
“Cas, I—” He gulps.
With his stupidly sexy hair, so soft and just long enough to pull, his perceptive stare, so earnest and open as though no one’s ever told him there’s such a thing as
“Shift the panties aside just enough to slide those fingers down your perineum. Move them in circles around your rim. A little pressure, but don't go inside yet.”
