He stopped walking.
. T'would be spoilers to say more but it came up there and seemed to be to be a nice Victorian/modern blending of Gruener's original scrapbook method, because come on, a master villain is not going to go
(See the end of the chapter for
(He was trying to be more patient, he wasn’t trying to be
But… sometimes, after other days — often ones that coincided with Sherlock having no particular case of interest (and John shied away from thinking too much about this correlation) —, days of dancing around each other, suddenly Sherlock seemed like he couldn’t help but touch him, crowd him, radiating heat and want and adoration (John had half-convinced himself that he was reading Sherlock right and not just projecting). And then John’s unreliable homosexuality kicked in and he
Mr Ramani’s expression shuttered further as he glared.
‘But I need some time to adjust. We both do…’ John nearly stifled his last point, but after momentarily deliberating, he seemed to decide he could bear voicing it aloud. He shrugged and met Sherlock’s eyes head-on, a wry sad smile not quite holding on his lips, as though resigned to his fate. ‘It’s not easy for me… to want to kiss you more than you want to be kissed.’
for that matter, and
) in Sherlock’s dresser for a shirt. Hesitated for a moment, with a hand on a pair of pyjama bottoms.
In the intervening weeks, John’s gaze had lingered on every dog they passed on the street; his browsing history showed him searching for and bookmarking (‘dog-earring,’ John might have written for his blog) pages on how to keep a dog ‘In The City?’ and the proper food and the best breeds. Once, Sherlock had come home from offering his opinion on a corpse to Molly, and instantly deduced that an actual dog had been in the flat — hair on the stairs; odour still wafting. John had acted as though he had no idea what Sherlock was talking about, and asking Mrs Hudson meant Sherlock was treated to a long and scone-filled conversation in which she speculated that she
’), brushing his lips over scars which had not been there for him to kiss the day in Buckingham Palace, would never have been there in the first place if he had been able to save Sherlock, to love him enough, Before, and Sherlock whispered John’s name again and again and again, and John felt like his heart knocked so hard it would surely kick out of his chest.
John’s eyes fluttered in gratitude, but he still (uncharacteristically) struggled to speak, looking now at his hands.
‘This?’ John’s voice sliced in low and desperately sharp, pulled back his shoulders. ‘This isn’t it.’ He bit his tongue and re-grounded his stance, alarm bells in his head clashing between the impulse to
‘Amazing,’ muttered John, licking his lips. ‘Get off home with you, then. I’ll see you later.’
At this John did peek one eye open. Sherlock was regarding him innocently, eyebrow raised. John closed his eyes again. ‘Wake me at seven.’
So he mounted the stairs, uncertain if he was more angry — he was angry so often recently — with Sherlock for lying about Mary (in some as-yet undefined way), disgusted with himself for very nearly picking up a woman in his lunch break like some philandering twat who was never satisfied (and, with a swoop of fear, he prayed that
‘She told you.’
,’ John prompted, and Ovid bobbed, nodding, ‘
, John,’ Sherlock retorted, as though John had been duped by the trick of pulling a coin from behind someone’s ear.
John had not stayed in Baker Street during their time apart. Though he had no interest in seeing the no doubt ghastly closet John had been inhabiting without him two-and-a-half miles north of his home, Sherlock had been obsessively curious (obviously, his mind was unstoppable that way) to know the details of John’s continued daily life while Sherlock himself was in France, Norway, Serbia, Indonesia, Florida, Venezuela, and finally England again. First he had absorbed clues from Molly, who (romantic) supplied nervous updates on John at Sherlock’s first hint. Then, after having to go without electronic contact for nearly three months, he resurfaced to find a communiqué from (and he despised how unsurprised he was) Mycroft. From then on, his irregular exchanges with various informants through official and deeply unofficial channels had sated his need for reassurance. John was alive; everything else was irrelevant.
Instead, he left Sherlock snuffling into the pillow and went to use the lav before helping Molly find something safe for breakfast.
‘And that’s just the things she knows about,’ John agreed. Apparently reading his mind (he so often could) Sherlock’s smirk quirked dangerously even higher at that, and John broke.
Sherlock struggled not to roll his eyes. ‘I’m so glad not to have disappointed you.’
Something in the pit of his abdomen pitched and heaved at the very idea, at the pointless sickening almost-emptiness, and he tangled himself further into John to escape it —
water to stop the effects of the burning), a burn kit, possibly sedatives – but then again, if Gruener were the only one hit, Sherlock was somewhat inclined to wait until the paramedics arrived –
composed of
He didn’t especially want to go through more of this, hadn’t even really wanted to
‘I…’ Challa seemed to consider John’s insinuation of absurdity. ‘You’re right. I suppose I saw how you handled everything with the St Clair case yesterday and for some reason I just…’ (Sherlock felt John’s tension lessen minutely at this flattery; little did Challa appreciate how John warmed considerably to any expression of the value of their work.) She frowned and stroked the parrot’s head softly. ‘I love animals,’ she concluded, by way of explanation.
‘Stuff it, Johnny,’ she cut across, and her smile and eyes seemed to sparkled with jesting, but her jaw sawed back and forth with its false grin. ‘Just… For fuck’s sake, we haven’t even ordered.’
, and at last the glimpse of true evidence beginning to emerge.
— it’s nearly killing me.’ It was a pledge, wrested
he thinks, disgruntled at the very least that he had to swap bodies with someone who was in such a tremendous conflagration of
Miserable grey eyes looked up at him from Ryder’s greasy fringe (the man had apparently neither slept nor washed since the affair had begun only the soggy day previous). ‘C-Cathy – Catherine Cusack,’ he stammered.
‘I shall be sincerely put out if I find that you go on pouring your moans into old volumes of dry socialist pamphlets, rather than finding other objects for your aesthetic curiosity.’
And yet: here was John,
‘God, I’m exhausted,’ John admitted, smiling into Sherlock’s shoulder, when the laughter subsided. ‘And I definitely need to shower. And
The door downstairs clicked, sighed, thudded shut. Less than an hour since Sherlock had left the event. Reasonably frequent trains (operating with good service on all late-running lines); uninterrupted walk from the station homewards. Heralded by familiar sounds and calculations (the
time we’ve got lunch, so why break the tradition, eh?’ she replied, smile as brassy as her newly-dyed copper hair.
Sherlock scoffed. ‘While you made off with a 17
upon doing.
Then, as the in-progress ellipsis undulated, he anticipated John’s next question:
Sherlock’s hand waved about vaguely. ‘The thing — Mr. What’s-his-name, the banker — gave us tickets.’
John shouted inwardly. His eyes took in Sherlock’s face, his hands, his rising and falling and rising chest.
It hadn’t really stopped — the aimless disorientation, the maddened fear of being rendered completely useless and incapable of happiness, of
He looked instead at her manicured hands, her bag-drawn eyes, her flashy clothing, what he could see of her knee, bouncing distractedly, reflected in the wall-sized, downward-angled Art Deco mirror behind her. (
‘This wasn’t exactly what I meant when I said you should surprise me,’ he imagined John saying.
John laughs.
her? What kind of woman?’
Thankfully, they were not perched at a (no doubt sticky, uncomfortable, beleaguered) high-top table, but rather one of the properly ancient corners of the multi-angular, haphazard building, complete with well-worn oak benches and a thick, heavy dining table. Near the edge (never liked to be completely locked in, even within a seating arrangement), was John, smiling up at — well, one of the usual (male, middle-aged) co-workers who attended Stamford’s gatherings. As Sherlock waded through the gridlock of drinkers — deductions flaring and fading as he went, not bothering to preserve them in long-term storage: if no one did anything interesting (i.e., criminal) this evening, he would not need this information tomorrow) — John looked up. The wattage of his smile would have illuminated the entire room.
, he reminded himself. Christ, it was going to be a long day, at the end of which his balls would probably be so blue he looked like a bloody Smurf…
, which begins,
Suze was now laughing hoarsely (self-preserve and rationality fraying). ‘All the little girls whose lives will be scarred forever?
and totally steals the show.
A sudden horrible
… as though no matter what room Sherlock walked into, no matter how dire or tedious or bewildering or cacophonous,
‘She’s a PR consultant, of course she was lying,’ Sherlock reeled. ‘The question is, about whom, and
‘Well, ‘course he’s “good” when he can duck under any proper police tape he wants and swan off again as he likes.’ She raised her well-groomed eyebrows at him. ‘I still don’t get how you stand it, someone that intrusive and self-centred.’
‘He has to pay. He’ll never go to prison,’ Suze declared with certainty, a sob shaking her. ‘They
He deleted his automatic response (
‘Can you sleep?’ Sherlock asked, voice brushing across John’s skin.
‘Call came in twenty minutes ago.’ Greg’s voice, stained with concern that John could not afford right now, seemed to be calling from a million miles away. ‘Chest wound, he must have got in a fight — I’m not sure exactly what…’
‘Time to sleep.’
, would they? Not with the way you fall into step behind him, spend every bloody moment with him — honestly, it’s kind of amazing how much time you spend with him. Even after everything he put you through… So when’d she leave, then? Got tired just after you moved back in with the mad scientist, I’ll bet.’
‘Yes,’ Sherlock replied, distracted in more ways than usual, and watched John go, filled with a new and unfolding list of thoughts.
Sherlock took his time in the toilet and getting dressed, so that by the time he re-emerged Mycroft had relocated to the kitchen, leaning impatiently on his umbrella.
‘Pity,’ lamented John, lips not-quite-brushing Sherlock’s.
But at home, he provided… what? In John’s case, the only possible word (
, you know how much I supported you when you told them,’ – Harry scoffed loftily and John felt his fury
‘At which point all parties exeunt stage-left, Huggins to his no doubt enthralling DVD collection of lesbian-centric pornography, Thaw to his pet goat and choir practice, Cusack to her twice-weekly nail appointment, budding alcoholism, spiralling credit card debt, and Horner, it seems, to the Greggs off Regent Street.’
’) — and wasn’t sure how Sherlock would react. But thankfully, whether it was a feint or the afterglow of their rather eventful morning, Sherlock’s eyes flashed with mirth. ‘“There was a young soldier from Brighton…”’
‘He keeps… notes…’ she started, but thankfully — Jesus — John was glad she didn’t have to go through the ordeal of telling them
He moved away and dried his own on a tea towel. (Him and Sherlock, forever: no sweet-and-awkward manoeuvring around the kitchen like, well, like couples did, at least in the early days of living together. No light hand on his stomach, the signal, claiming him, when they went out to parties and stood close. No dates at the cinema or the —)
John cleared his throat.
Whether the sudden wash of proximity (of body heat that was entirely unnecessary in the humidity of a summer pub packed to the gills), or of the playful lilt to John’s low question, Sherlock felt a shiver.
‘Anything else?’ John’s hands were still holding his, thumb brushing over the site where the IV entered his body, and the odd comforting/uncomfortable sensation was distracting enough from the rising tide of adrenalin that he felt lurking in the wings of his consciousness.
John had just enough time to sift through his inbox, flag a few potential leads for cases, and revisit the email with Mary. Eventually, having written a semi-decent draft, deleted the whole thing, rewrite it, then — possibly buoyed up by the scotch and the scratch of Beethoven (or whoever) — force himself to hit ‘send’, he set his phone aside and enjoyed the rest of the concert.
[apologies for formatting problems: can't get my browser to behave]
‘That’s so
Just as the queue started to move at last, a man in a long, posh mack and three-piece suit dodged right in front of John to lunge with his one free hand for a sandwich off the takeaway shelf, knocking into him and sending the cup of soup he was holding in his other hand straight to the floor,
an experience — medical or romantic — that he fancied having at any point.
‘In a bit,’ John suggested into Sherlock’s mouth, before covering it with his. His tongue found the mustard at the corner of Sherlock’s lips and licked it clean (Dijon, the poncy git), a sharp tang of flavour combined with the warm puff of breath as Sherlock found his lip and tugged. Sherlock, it seemed, kissed like he knew what he was doing. John tried not to get lost in this thought by proving he knew, in this more than most things, possibly better.
– you’re
‘We’re not having sex tonight,’ Sherlock had snapped, a low note of panic lurking in his tone, in the raised, stiff hunch of his shoulders beneath his jacket.
All told, there were at least few appealing elements.
‘Morstan, for god’s sake, stop this nonsense!’
--Pablo Neruda,
Where did she learn to type, honestly? And she acted like she was his best mate — when was the last time they’d had a meal that hadn’t ended in gritted teeth and muttered goodbyes and a lot of necessary time effectively not speaking? Before Sherlock had jumped —
‘Okay,’ he agreed in a loud voice, scenting danger and rising to his feet. ‘Agreed.’
: homonym, hours; French for bear; in English, plural possessive pronoun. (The grammar matrix: among the things he could not delete, no matter how hard he tried.)
‘To say nothing of the undesirability of your spending the rest of your life in prison,’ he added.
, he reminded himself.
Anderson stands beside her, apologetic and ever adamant about the wrong thing. ‘Shout or crawl?’
‘NO,’ John shouted, head shaking and shaking like an enraged horse, ’no, no,
‘Surely you too have felt the rapturous feeling of holding something lovingly, attentively made, an object both vulnerable to destruction and infinitely powerful in its potential to inspire, to enlighten and uplift, and on top of all this one that is, outside of all rationality and logic, simply splendid to behold? I have seen you at your microscope, at your experiments and your chemical notations, with just such enchanted delight. You will not even attempt to deny it.’
.’ (Yep, confirmed). His toes were curled, grating along the loud leather of the sofa. ‘Fuck that’s good,
‘John Horner is still in prison, Ryder is on the loose, and somehow
,’ he repeated slowly, lips catching on Sherlock’s with each letter. A little cross-eyed, Sherlock met John’s gaze, and nodded fractionally. John’s small smile was just at the corner of what he could see but John kissed him, purposefully, deeply, and Sherlock dug his fingers into the thick ropes of John’s femoral muscles, and closed his eyes.
‘We’ll m-make him,’ Molly swore, trembling violently but carrying on, daring to speak despite the shock of finding a colleague’s former girlfriend was in fact a paedophile’s bodyguard (little did she know), ‘we believe you. Don’t throw your life away from a – a horrible, despicable –’
Chapter 5: John
‘This,’ John concluded, more quietly, but he couldn’t stop himself, he felt one last thing in his throat, needing to be said, ‘isn’t going anywhere. I’m going to be angry sometimes, and I’m sorry about that, but it doesn’t actually change anything. I don’t know how else to convince you that I’m in this for good, but. Just… know it. And all I need – the only thing I need – is for you to be in this with me.'
Bit… atmospheric? He liked it, sort of, but not enough to withstand the inevitable piss getting taken out of him when a certain drama queen decided to wax critical about increasing the stupidity of one’s readers by style alone…
, or anything like that.’
(But of course, had Molly not been present, they would not be here either, not be able to make one last effort to bring some semblance of balance (the answers still unreached, threads still loose) - of
‘Mm,’ he allowed, staring down at the outbreak of gooseflesh. His mind was whirring back online with possibilities. He couldn’t smell oranges, or tea leaves, or firewood, but his nose and mouth were still full of Sherlock and the world of flavours that meant, so maybe he could be persuaded to indulge — from time to time — in the posh stuff to use to his advantage.
John is mid-sentence on his chapter when the front door
, the whole reason anyone bothered to come to them rather than the idiot, clock-on-clock-off, workday hours morons at the Yard or, worse, the Kevlar-happy fools at the Security Services. Gruener’s wedding was only four days away. More to the point, if he was honest with himself, he was hardly back up to fully functional (though nowhere near as fragile as John seemed determined to diagnose him). (Which related to several of the contemptible conditions of his release, namely that he was not to exercise any ‘sudden or strenuous movement’ for — John had gripped his hand like a vice, not out of comfort, but to catch and hold his attention (surely violating his ethical code in the process! Sherlock was sure he had bruises! thankfully it wasn’t his bow hand) — for
‘Did you open it?’
Though she was smiling brightly at him, the strain behind it was evident — and not just for being teased about her upbringing. Everything from the grip of her long orange talons of nails to her crossed, plum-coloured jeans to the thick, animal print jacket she had zipped up all the way to her chin (she was probably boiling) screamed of someone fiercely putting on a brave face but all the while scared for her life.
John sighed, otherwise keeping incredibly still. ‘It isn’t that simple.’
‘Nah, never mind, stupid question. Still asleep. And, well, living here, I’ve forgotten how to carry on a normal conversation.’
Brushing away tears with carefully flattened fingers, she nodded at him, though neither of them seemed especially comforted.
John waited a few moments as Swandam Street vanished behind them, before finally prompting, ‘So? Got it then? What’d they do with the body?’
What was
. A romantic/sexual
‘Art is always a pleasure,’ hissed Gruener, words shimmering with malice, and there was what Sherlock had glimpsed when Suze had first arrived in their sitting room: her arm across her buttoned-up, scarf-draped chest (even in summer); her resistance to touch; her unspeakable pain beyond the horrible experience she had already been able to name.
‘“There was a young soldier from Brighton…”’ rumbled Sherlock’s amused baritone in John’s ears, and he had to cover a smile with his hand as his next patient entered the room.
did he tell her things, he wondered to himself. ‘I’m off at the clinic, but Sherlock and I have a case on.’
), the other thumbing up along the dip where Sherlock’s neck met his shoulder, the spot that now as ever made Sherlock jerk forward shudderingly as his nose dipped behind John’s left ear. John smirked and tipped him back with long draughts of kisses, losing himself in it.
‘Just – tell me,’ John muttered, ‘when something gets to you. I will too. Even the small things. Because either it’s as stupid as you’re thinking, in which case I’m happy for us to laugh it off together; or it’s something you’ve got worked up in your own head, something I’ll gladly point out is a worry over nothing real, nothing as serious as you’re afraid of, and we’ll move on; or, it’s really bad. In which case, we’ll handle it.’ He stroked gentlingly along Sherlock’s spine. ‘Together.’
Sherlock blinked it away;
'Prepare to start answering questions about grandchildren.’
‘Bloody cockroaches,’ he spat under his breath.
‘I hope you do not mind if I smoke?’ Gruener added, with another flash of wry confidence, as if this false-afterthought would put Sherlock off-balance. Little did he know…
Sherlock’s eyebrow rose to mock him.
Typical, that the maddest, most gut-wrenching part of his day came not during what anyone else might think of as an ‘emergency’: Sherlock could get up to more than enough trouble for the both of them without even leaving the flat. John was angry, yes, but Sherlock was
to drive them both out of their bloody minds, ‘I would have been thinking of getting you bent over the Queen’s sofa and making a mess all over it instead of having tea.’
But Sherlock couldn’t look at John. The situation, which had started as first perfunctory and then jovial, had become entirely fraught with an all-too transparent parade of his own failings. He had been wanting to capture John’s mouth, with its absurd London born-and-bred accent tumbling out, all evening, and yet all he had succeeded in doing was teaching
A slightly pinched look to her eyes, a tightness (he’d mistaken it for solidity) in her stance, hands bunched in her pockets, a glimmer of grim humour (irony) in her overall expression… an unexpected deduction:
Christ. It wasn’t… He forced himself to grab a sandwich this time, chicken and bacon, briskly efficient, in a sudden rush to get back to his desk.
John had suddenly popped onto his toes and bestowed a swift, firm kiss. On him. In the middle of the wide, currently well-populated avenue of Regent’s Park under a baking summer sun.
Then he deleted it.
‘By all means, madam, don’t let me keep you,’ he gloated, back to his normal, punchable self. ‘A shame to miss breakfast, I see, but I’m afraid I have an appointment. Good morning, brother mine. John.’
—Claire Jarvis, “Woman Problems”*
‘Peterson,’ Sherlock confirmed, staring at his phone as it trilled a third time.
Comments and feedback, as always, deeply appreciated. x
Nonsense, it took far too long, and this was still new (so much sensory and conceptual data to input; infinite places he could consider as parts of John parts of him had reached, thus diminishing the quotient of parts-to-whole that remained stubbornly untouched), but Sherlock’s jaw ached so close to John’s now freed cock, redpurplepink (like bright visceral organs, open-heart surgery, raw oxygen-rich meat) and hard and scent-soaked of
I ignore the slight against Mr Haggard, who, as Holmes knew full well, I held neither especial professional nor personal esteem, and instead closed and presented the periodical in my hands.
Rather than advance into a fight without more data, Sherlock said,
’They’ll keep. A few days’ delay makes you seem busier and therefore more desirable.’
, for god’s sake!)
room (or empty car even),
By the time he crawled off, Sherlock’s mouth was newly flushed, and John’s eyes had just about readjusted to the darkness.
‘And yet, needs must.’ Sherlock hopped up and swept himself off to his bedroom before John could say anything more, followed after a minute by the clanging of the pipes.
‘Right, well, Mr. Cassis, that’s that, then. See you in…’ He clicked, flipping the clinic’s diary page over, ‘three months. Linda will set you up with an appointment time, at the front desk.’
, Sherlock was
‘I thought you slept,’ he accused softly.
, John.
, and we are going to make sure that he never hurts anyone ever again. Yeah?’
The leftovers from Mrs. Hudson’s fantastic stew heated up just fine (Sherlock would almost certainly be a brat about the grease) so he settled with his laptop in the kitchen and finally composed his response to the editor.
He swallowed sharply. Gripped his knee so tight he could feel the sting radiate up into his shoulder. ‘
‘Yes, John, you know the type: blonde hair and kevlar body suit and a silencer even you would envy.’
) Find a way to sedate/otherwise incapacitate Gruener unsuspectedly. This method had the advantage of being rather satisfying (particularly if they could bludgeon the Austrian on the head once or twice), as well as fairly likely to produce results — particularly since Gruener would, almost certainly, destroy incriminating evidence with even a whiff of forewarning. Catching him unawares, searching his person, and escaping with the evidence: an encouraging scenario. (Unfortunately it was that last step that seemed ripe for unforeseeable glitches — not the least of which, matter of how to get
Somewhere between John’s lungs he still felt the bruise of that, of the continuous ache of more than two years without him. Which, he supposed, answered his question.
,’ stressed John, in a strained undertone, ‘rest, and recovery. And
Without stopping, Sherlock pushed open the grimy door, into the even grimier shop.
‘Let me see that,’ he frowns. Putting to one side her blue Paddington coat and rolling up the sleeve of her knit jumper, he examines the proffered section of forearm. It looks much as it ever does: tiny, still downy-skinned, but unblemished. ‘Hmm. Looks fine to me.’
John, not in the mood for either excuses or lies, and certainly not about to trade sob stories, crowded him further and kissed him deeply, tasting the mix of them and sighing into the kiss like his life depended on it. A moment later, he pulled back a fraction. ‘I won’t tell if you won’t.’
John staggered. ‘How do
After a moment of staring at him, eyes Sherlock shook his head minutely. ‘I’ll text you the details. Tomorrow.’
‘Several steps have been taken in our present situation, none of which has met with even an ounce of success. Thus it transpired that I reached out to your brother, who agreed that you might be able to lend us your expertise.’
John sought and sucked on his tongue, nudging his cheek with his nose, until Sherlock was slumped slightly further down the door and panting. Christ, but his mouth — his
It still said the same message: twelve words, two full stops.  Fifty-eight characters (including punctuation).
‘Ah well. Too bad,’ she simpered. (There was no other word for it, for the way she smirked, coddled, and haughtily disapproved all at once.) ‘Still… can’t blame her, really. No one in their right mind would hang around
.) How could she trick Gruener into believing she was a match for his cunning and underhandedness when, to the best of John’s knowledge, the biggest deception Molly had ever pulled off was —
‘Worse,’ Sherlock admitted, claggy-voiced, closing his eyes now. ‘I dread to think what’s come over him.’
that the only thing that would prevent me from being there to keep you safe is
the one who can put it together. He likes the game. They always do,’ he added under his breath. ‘Molly: you are visiting this man as his
He shut his eyes (rolling them still made the bed seem to spin vertiginously at an incline that decoupled the floor from the walls). ‘What I mean to say, Detective Hopkins, is that I have
John stared at him, chin raised. ‘Were you.’ Voice: flat.
,’ John announced blandly, then, when the parrot’s sole reaction was to raise his foot as if in a clownish handshake, John gritted his teeth, then said, with a false brightness, ‘Ovid! Vogel. Dame. Come on, work with me.’
‘Evidently so,’ Sherlock conceded. ‘Well you’ve already been reprimanded once this week for failing to disclose your whereabouts or answer your chief inspector – incidentally you should consider a higher vibrate setting if you’re going to leave your mobile on “silent” while out on cases, it’s rung twice since you’ve been here –’ Challa gave a small cry of surprise and took both hands to her pockets, sending ‘Flint’ (oh, Challa was definitely going on his mental list of allies) to the floor with a flutter of wings and an unceremonious
John ignored the hollow pang in his gut at this simple sentence and plastered his smile on his face. ‘He speaks some French, Latin, Greek, and, er, German as well.’ (He hoped his slight hiccup of laughter on that last feat wasn’t too obviously a joke.)
‘She was… retired?’ John interrupted, tentatively.
in the shadowy direction of his hamper. It missed. For a feverish moment, this single problem made him wanted to curl into his pillows and cry himself back to sleep. Instead, because he knew he was not ill, his leaden muscles shook in a single, mirthless laugh.
‘Solve the case ourselves,’ Sherlock replied, ‘as always.’
‘Ha,’ he coughed an awkward laugh (today was a parade of them, apparently), getting to his feet, suddenly very grateful his sister had never subjected him to long girlish conversations about her dating life (or his, for that matter). ‘Right, well, thanks, Beth. I’ll see you later, yeah?’
Before he could quite prevent himself, he had buried his nose in the space between John’s ear and shoulder, squeezing himself into the unrealistic sliver at John’s side, squished on either side into the sofa or John’s neck. John shuffled obligingly, planting his outside foot on the carpet, wedging a warm arm to hold him (limited mobility (probably already losing circulation) notwithstanding) away from the sweat-adhesive leather, stroking
The quiet fell and grated.
most people consider them so distasteful that no one in their right mind would bother with them.’ He stopped and smiled his cat’s grin. Unsurprisingly, she faltered slightly.
‘He got caught.’
The day crawled by, with no texts or overly interesting appointments to break up the monotony. It was, by the looks of things, going to be an exceptionally uninteresting, cloudy, humdrum morning.
) Even so, both the size and character traits gleaned from the short lived horse-racing endeavours, the decidedly-failed marriage, and, now, Suze’s account of her brief but tempestuous (and ultimately, probably literally, scarring) affair indicated that Gruener’s attentions were just that: brief; and thus that, whatever his involvement in the under-age human trafficking scheme, he was neither the main player nor even overly nostalgic or sentimental about the women (girls) he ‘collected’. Rather, he enjoyed the fleeting thrill of dominating them before returning to his more serious avocation of studying Dutch printing.
Eventually, he murmurs, ‘I blame the Scots.’
John snickered. ‘“Coco Chanel’s Handgun”? “Let Them Eat Bullets”?’
. Worked that out, then. He wiggled his toes, hoping Sherlock would be right, that they could both drop into a deep, dreamless sleep for at least a solid, indulgent eight hours – they’d switched off their phones – uninterrupted. Wake up together.
. Why? (
A soft nasal exhale meant John agreed with his assessment.
He cleared his throat, pushing that thought aside. Even so, she was right: he’d given her the brush-off for the last three coffee dates and dinners she’d suggested since he’d moved back to Baker Street. (Not that it stopped her from texting or commenting on his blog, sounding most often like a shouty kid half her age who couldn’t spell to save her life.) But now that things were different between him and Sherlock, maybe it was a good idea to try to — well, include her, a bit. He’d already told Bill Murray, over a pint two weeks ago, which had earned him a clap on the back and a series of increasingly joking questions of the level of obscenity only a soldier could accomplish. Mrs. Hudson and Greg had both found out pretty accidentally, and been more relieved than surprised (though Greg groaned that he’d never hear the end of it from Anderson and Dimmock, who apparently called a stalemate on their bet years ago).
Sherlock flinched involuntarily.
He shifted in his seat, cursing the damned waiter for now cleverly hiding in the kitchen rather than trying to cut short what was clearly a rant Harry had been stocking up for a while.
Sherlock had the audacity to roll his eyes but John ignored the blatant taunt, like tens of thousands of times before.
what you should do,’ John insisted. ‘You’re posing as a millionaire. You can call anyone anything you like.'
‘Sorry, I er — ‘
‘In the meantime, keep your head down,’ John added sternly, before she could leave. However afraid she was, she was also clearly hurt and enraged, a combination that had led to more body bags in his lifetime than he ever cared to count. ‘From everything we’ve got, this bastard’s not going to go quietly.’
‘So I know. Now I believe that is an end to the matter. I urge you once more to draw off. Not doing so would be most unlucky. Others have found this out. Go your way, Holmes, and I shall go mine. Good afternoon.’
Soon they were both half-tangled together again, hips pressed together and mouths and hands and scattered fiery neurons just this side of buzzing-stinging-numb. He nudged his nose into Sherlock’s and licked his own lips.
Sherlock almost wished he had, just to see the look on John’s face.
(No doubt John was finding Violet precisely such a sensual, gullible person.)
’ about his gun, most likely, and the resultant guilt-inducing mess of afterward (also characteristic) and probably shuddered sobs and counted backwards from twenty, nineteen, eighteen —
‘And that is precisely the brilliance of the point: it is a common experience,’ I added. ‘And then to conclude his speech about — well, you did not read the initial paragraph’ (he scowled) ‘but there was a great deal about spacing between letters and margins and letter design and that sort of thing: he is a designer and craftsman, as you will recall. But to conclude a piece which had begun with such workmanlike precision with such soaring notions about beautifying the very clay and pap of the world around us, of making even the most mundane volume of pages and words into something almost magical in its ability to arrest and consume the attention, to consume the senses from within with enjoyment, appreciation — ‘
‘That is
‘Try what?’ John demanded, grasping at this lifeline.
to help you, that’s not what I’m saying. I just… I need to…’ She started fumbling with her bag and gathering up her notebook, on which she’d been jotting things down as Sherlock laid out the basics.
‘Were you frightened?’
An incredulous shock broke across John’s face. ‘You
Sherlock thought to himself savagely.
, went about worrying the seams at the arms where the fabric was already worn. Another year of that and it would need mending. (It was not the first time he’d had that thought, though he tended to forget immediately upon John vacating the armchair; yet with an uncomfortable prickle at the base of his skull, Sherlock considered that it was precisely the kind of quiet, solid act of care that John Watson performed every day.)
His brother had the decency to look somewhat uncomfortable, though he could not possibly be as regretful as Sherlock, who felt darkly that this was exactly the sort of behaviour that would preclude John from wanting to repeat
But… it wasn’t as if, if John were honest with himself, he wasn’t half intrigued by that. Even in the rare moments he’d let himself daydream (alright, fantasise about) what else he and Sherlock could get up to, he hadn’t imagined either of them to be especially squeamish. Not when it came to this. And he
more competent than
Also, amusingly, there was a comic going around tumblr this week, featuring (of all things!) an African Grey parrot as Sherlock and John's pet:
of materials you spread open, the better to survey the lay of the land, when you are engrossed in a subject.’
After the man had left — assuring John that they would do their best to move Sherlock
He was halfway to the sitting room before his eyes had even adjusted to the darkness. He paced until he couldn’t stand the sound of his own tread anymore.
(See the end of the chapter for
‘I’m married.’
John started. ‘
,’ Sherlock agreed, ‘I would like you to fuck me,’ pointedly over-enunciating, on the hypothesis that John enjoyed Sherlock’s sporadic use of vulgar language, ‘unless you’d rather
, you’re a bloody menace.’
John turned to look over his shoulder as he ran towards the other two – and his eyes met Sherlock’s for the first time since they had met in the mirror in the car.
He’d forced himself to let go of Sherlock, smiling almost tipsily at Sherlock’s eyeroll, and to march himself to the surgery before he was later than he already was.
His lizard brain, still one-foot in bed, was crawling with too much information, the kind of information you were supposed not to notice about your friends, but… well, it wasn’t every morning he went into his kitchen to find a good-looking woman in a long white old-fashioned nightgown, bare legs and arms, smelling of floral washing powder and mint toothpaste, very, very obviously not wearing a bra in the brisk chill of Baker Street. Because women didn’t wear bras to sleep: that in itself was not news. Nevertheless, he possibly over-compensated by staring intensely as he scrubbed the now-soaked dishes from last night to within an inch of their lives, then, that accomplished, arranging the tea, toast, cereal, and beans on the only clear space left in front of him.
Here, he couldn’t even imagine Sherlock ever coming to harm, so impossibly opposed was it to the full universe of reality that was this embrace, right here, where Sherlock forgot every word except one.
John took the young man’s large pink hand, which shook his entire muppet-like arm with ridiculous ease. Baker’s entire appearance was more of a Wallace and Gromit figure than an Oxford prof, but, John supposed, the two were not mutually exclusive.
Sherlock replied in an extended profanity and shoved his mobile so deeply into his pocket he felt the seams protest. ‘Fine,’ he accepted, hoping the sergeant hadn’t noticed (but of course no one ever noticed anything) the tremor in his voice. It wasn’t as if he was wanted at home. And, perhaps this could be part of the new leaf he hoped to turn as part of his reunion with the right side of the law. Or at least most of the right side.
Reproducing a hand, the man’s grip was strong — apposite for a figure whose long-standing reputation in ‘society’ (if such a thing existed outside of gentleman’s clubs) had been one of unflappable, delicate finesse in handling situations best kept quiet: the personable counterpart to Mycroft’s strategic mind for arranging numbers and skulking behind people’s bins.
‘That’ll be a first,’ said John, with a wry smile.
Instead, with a Cheshire grin, John offered him the bottle, as though they were teenagers drunk on their first trip to the off-license. But that way madness lay. Instead, John reminded him, hands returning to tiptoe across Christopher’s hypersensitive skin, ‘You haven’t had to beg yet.’
His breath returned incrementally to normal as sound and vision also reasserted themselves. Pushing fractionally upwards he rolled to the small space between Sherlock and the back of the couch. From under the cushion, Sherlock's hand produced one of the kitchen rags they had binned (he thought) years ago. Considering its history, he wasn't sure it qualified as 'clean', but he took it anyway.
‘I did at one point try to follow the constantly-updated news on the women you date, but eventually I was exhausted of receiving
‘I really don’t want to know how he knows my suit measurements.’
‘Well, Mister Holmes… I rather thought I would be seeing you… sooner or later,’ Gruener chided, with a twitch of cheerless amusement across his thin lips.
), but no, he stood to the inspector’s right, a full yard away from John.
Poleaxed, Sherlock blinked unnaturally rapidly for a second before (almost visibly across his face) a deduction resolved itself.
‘Homer was the author of –’
‘When I say, “bad”, what I mean is that I sat, and worked, and drank, and thought day after day about the fact that, at least if I killed myself, they might let me lie with your
* * *
‘Feels like the day of an exam,’ she muttered, resuming her seat.
John looked up, stowing his notepad in his inside pocket. ‘Don’t worry, we don’t charge for enigma.’
(See the end of the chapter for
John considered this, then went to the exterior window, followed by the floor-length glass barrier to the corridor, and the door, shutting all the blinds and closing them off, before hitting the light switch.
‘Are you going to persist in
— his granddad’s beat-up copy) as a way to pass the time, he was certain he was going to have to smother either his father or himself by dawn.
Sherlock’s utterly confused look met his. With only the tightest, most tenuous hold on his fury, John stared at St Clair.
For the first time in over a week, the encumbrances upon his mind — tangled skeins of illogical thought swamping his Mind Palace, muddling information surrounding Mary, the case, his brother, himself — fell away, leaving him an hour to follow the pleasantly linear processes of his ongoing fingerprint/textile experiment.
‘She was an assassin, you know.’
‘No, no, that’s fine,’ she laughed, with a lovely Scottish accent, red lipstick complimenting a short-ish yellow dress as she quirked a smile.
voice slightly louder, intending to be heard.
After several moments unspooled and slowly regathered them back to themselves, John breathed a sigh, nose skating against Sherlock’s jaw, and stood back. Somewhat expectedly, Sherlock was staring into the middle-distance, retreated into himself, as he did when he occasionally hit a threshold of new, especially emotional, data, and needed the space to work through it, classify and compartmentalize it, let it go, before he could return to the present.
Just then, a loud knock on the other door downstairs — delivery, parcel service, something bigger than could be put through the letterbox — and John jumped and went to retrieve it. Sherlock stayed in his seat. (Could dogs be procured by delivery?)
‘And German, but you remember enough not to need the transliteration in front of you.’
Evidently John was no more in the mood for brotherly/derogatory slurs.
‘Move your hands,’ John instructed, battle voice taking over, ‘the chemical is still live.’ They needed to flush whatever chemical was eating – ‘
Sherlock rolled his eyes: his motivations were neither as noble nor as self-oblivious as John’s. ’I’m referring to myself as much as anyone.  You tackle more criminals than
He drank two, resisting the jolting desire to hurl the glass against the long bar mirror, to witness the shattered faces reflecting at him, gone hushed with shock and horror, at the madman who might jump over the counter, who might then begin flinging bottles of everything they’d got to the ground until the floor resembled an icy-sharded pool of amber.
He might kill him. ‘
‘Hi,’ she announced brightly, as though this were any ordinary afternoon. Putting her bigger duffle down on the landing, tucked out of the way of foot traffic, she came into the kitchen, bringing the laptop into the room with her. ‘I, er — I ran into my neighbour’s daughter on the way out of my building.’
—Margaret Atwood, in
Sherlock could not – would not – allow this woman, whose mere ghost had been the bane of their existence, haunting their every move, for months, for almost a year, since before Sherlock had known he would survive to see John Watson’s face again, to have any more of their lives. He moved around the corner, finally arriving at the end of what would have been the pews, and stayed low as he now found himself behind even AGRA, the last man before the door, before any of them could leave…
(Sherlock didn’t feel compelled to inform John, or Sgt. Challa for that matter, that he had spent the entire autumn before his sixth birthday enthralled by stories and, of course, research into the history of nautical knavery, including the requisite study of its motifs. His bitter disappointment that Christmas at not receiving either a parrot or any length of cable had been compounded by Mycroft’s taunt that Sherlock could at least ‘swab down the kitchen if he wanted to make himself useful’. Hateful.)
Well. In fact, she’d managed a fairly enormous one, hadn’t she? Perhaps, he went on inwardly, getting to his feet on the pretence of hunting for his wallet, it explained something towards John’s reluctance to spending much time with Molly lately. It was hard to put it out of his mind, especially now, with the margins of his thoughts taken up with dosages and listening for changes in Sherlock’s breathing. Not red alert, not by a long chalk, but nowhere near situation normal.
—The Lone Bellow, “
Sherlock continued to circumnavigate the grounds while the chat continued inside, constructing a mental map of the blindspots of the CCTV, normalising his presence to the guard who was bored of keeping an eye on the supposedly equally bored driver of the Baron’s latest guests.
this idiotic?’
‘Sounds great,’ John interrupted, not caring, smiling uncomfortably. ‘No drinks, thanks.’
To the words spoken and unspoken, Sherlock nodded again. ‘And remember, Molly,’ he noted, finally shifting in his seat so she could come into the mirror frame, ‘Gruener wants to show off for you. Make him. Salacious, yet cold.’
‘We're not having sex tonight,’ he stated firmly.
•	John’s areas of particular sensitivity: his earlobes, C2-C4 vertebrae, and nipples;
‘My wallet, I think my girlfriend might have thrown it —’
He stared— then
‘Brilliant,’ John concluded, insides hot and twisted with something uncharacteristically like nausea, because this wasn’t just Sherlock being a tit and pushing John’s buttons, this was clearly something else — something he’d been withholding for god knew how long. ‘Everyone… is
‘Go on,’ he nodded bracingly after a moment. ‘And — if you’re looking to let off some steam — I’ve got a rugby squad that’s looking for a forward. Bet you could take a bunch of scrawny medical students for their money?’
Again John looked to Sherlock, expression clouded with dark confusion: he wanted an explanation. Sherlock didn’t have one, yet.
, with a depth of belief that pressed Sherlock past comprehension, had hope for the future. ‘Trial, Mycroft, or I swear to god –’
Cracking his back and stretching from having been slumped in the same position for he’d-lost-track-how-long, John groaned, ‘God, yes. Finally, someone who actually remembers about food.’
, unfurled a banner in the foyer of his Mind Palace, ahead which now spread a second:
‘What!’ interjected St Clair, but Sherlock raised his voice and continued venomously, ‘–for disrupting the immigration debates in the House of Commons in June.’
But today, here was John, sitting and trying not to lash out at his patient from the niggling feeling that he
: the famished guard by the door! Evidently (slightly) less slow on the uptake than the one outside. (Sherlock needed the name of this private firm, if only to know when he wouldn’t have to prepare overmuch for the next invasive scenario.)
Just as he hit the pavement outside, another voice called after him, shouting, ‘Sir! SIR!’ He rounded on whoever it was, very,
He looked at the page again.
Sherlock examined him despairingly. ‘A hotel employee with full access to all floors, who looks like, in Cusack’s words, “the sort of man who never has a life and simply shouldn’t try”?’ He frowned.
. But, as you somehow know, I
‘You still think it’s Ryder?’
John winced inwardly, trying not to think about Violet or Suze or the way the words ‘no longer a liability’ rang in his ears like a concussion.
John had directed. Based on the higher pitch of the pipes and the splash patterns as John ran his hands through his hair, he was nearing the end of his shower. Sherlock’s stomach rumbled.
, and raised his bow. As he did so, Flint released a convincing terrier-esque
. Shot the walls, stabbed the mantle, threw people out the window onto bins… —
Sherlock rolled his eyes and continued perambulating his Mind Palace-replica of their flat.
‘Liar,’ Sherlock managed, gritting his teeth, and John would have rolled his eyes if he hadn’t needed them to watch his fingers scissoring slowly in and out into Sherlock’s body. ‘You would have insisted on finishing the tea.’
He faced him, surprised. Mycroft was — was he? — merely contemplative, or actively concerned. Enigmatic as ever.
The footnotes before my real goodbye:
to that parrot?’
‘You’ve gone to a great deal of personal trouble to see that a woman you don’t even know doesn’t end up reaping the harvest of her own mistakes?’ Sherlock pointed out.
. This is not some bloody autopsy, I’m not dragging this all out into the open just so you can dissect it and avoid what we were actually trying to get at.’
‘No?’ he asked, smirking.
Sherlock: at Angelo’s, at the flat, in taxis, at the crime scene, at Bart’s lab. Close to Sherlock, and unfazed.
* * *
to your tastes?’
John blinked between Peterson and Bradstreet, then at Sherlock, whose mouth had folded into a thin grimace as he spoke.
He had a few seconds back at his desk, so he took out his phone and pulled up a blank email.
‘Perfect,’ he whispered.
The sight of Sherlock’s lips rounding around his cock was, he knew with absolute conviction, the second hottest thing he had experienced in living memory, second only to the
His restrained shouts, hopefully quiet enough not to wake Mrs Hudson, nevertheless sent a shockwave through the room, binding them both to several more minutes of silence. In the corner of the mirrored image, Sherlock’s ice blue shirt, altered even as it was in this half-light, reflected the only light in the room.
Sherlock blinked several times, evidently finding it difficult to look at him, and John guided with both hands to kiss him softly but slow, just the once. His closed lips tasted like dumpling sauce.
‘Well,’ he added aloud to no one, ‘same time next week?’
It's raining again.
‘Surely no one in their right mind would have considered
‘’Nother pint, John? Sherlock?’ called Stamford’s wife, from closer to the bar. ‘I owe you one, don’t I.’
John prevented his own eyebrows from going into his forehead (much), but he couldn’t speak for Sherlock. ‘With that Tim bloke?’ That was good: Molly was, in spite of all of John’s doubts right now, definitely a lovely woman, albeit one who seemed to be unsure how to do overtly social things, like dating.
his brother, raised in the same household, with the same parents, the same (yes the same!) intellect, could
me?’ Molly asked, pitch raised anxiously, once the day itself had all but gone.
? Were those even good tickets? What if he shunted off his seats for some artsy nonsense in a bunker near Heathrow.’
And suddenly the glint in her eyes, the decision to come now, in person, not to shoot him right away, made perfect sense. An eye for an eye.
How could he
He sat across from her on the camel leather sofa and, with as little ceremony as possible, dug from his pocket the jewel worth more than he could ever hope to make. He placed it anticlimactically on the cherry wood coffee table between them.
Why not? Was it unnecessary — uncomfortable? Was it in fact a
, he moans inwardly. His knees creak as he kneels to untie her laces and begin getting her down to suitable naptime layers.
‘John.’
, bravely daring Sherlock to nay-say it.
by Wilfrid Scawen Blunt, illustrated by William Morris
Unsurprisingly, this earned him another groaning eyeroll. ‘It’s the evening. It’s still daylight out.’
The sun was shining in long, blanketing rays, but the narrow avenue that made up what Suze intuitively nominated as the ‘garden’ was almost completely in shadow at this and, judging by the similar heights of the three-storey building and the railway, most hours of the day. At night, of course, it would be entirely illuminated from within, or else nested in darkness.
Marry me.
But still, he thought as he paced through a sickeningly posh part of town, he needed something else. Something he got from the shadowy look in Sherlock’s eyes just before either of them turned in for the night, when he knew he didn’t know what the next day would bring, except that it would unquestionably involve the two of them.
‘Phwoar,’ she replied, laughing, ‘that’s proper dainty, isn’i’.’
at last.) Meanwhile, the bulbous silver thing, the very bulkiness of which had been the tip-off as his fingers slid amongst the otherwise streamlined contents of Gruener’s pockets, was no timepiece, but rather an odd fob watch-
‘I appreciate the mistakes I made with Moriarty,’ said Sherlock almost with a snarl. ‘Gruener is not the same man. Cruelty and malice almost never come in that perfectly, psychotically intelligent a package. Gruener doesn’t have a master plan — as you say, he hasn’t even killed Suze, when that would plainly be the easiest thing in the world, should he wish to!’
2. SEQUEL: Yes, this is definitely a series. I waited to post the final chapter to this initial story until I had a few chapters under my belt of its successor. So! Yes!
‘Obviously you don’t want to tell me what it is that’s got under your skin. Which is fine. It’s up to you. But I’m just… you can, if you did want to. That’s all.’
, Sherlock thought, then chided himself. Even in his own mind, he was disgusted with how heavy-handed could he be. Evidently he getting maudlin in his middle age.
‘You believe that he did kill her, then?’ asked Sir James intently.
‘Sherlock?’
It was above all her earnest, genuine smile that made it possible for him to leave the room — and once he was out, he suddenly felt like he was choking with the need to leave the wallpaper, the house and everything in it, completely, if only for a few precious hours.
, even in the 1970s?’
‘You’re abnormally attracted to dangerous situations and people,’ he continued, wishing his mouth would just once take account of the effect its emissions were having on someone else, but he had spent
It wasn’t a bad idea. He’d loved playing rugby when he was at uni, and the few pick-up games he’d managed between messes in the army. Sholto had been the reigning team captain every time — and Christ, there was
‘Sherlock, listen to me. We’re losing you.’
‘Oh, I should not say that, quite yet.’
‘Will she be afraid of me now?’
After a minute, Sherlock cracked. ‘Is that not it?’
, twitching neglectedly where it was curved up touching the inside of Sherlock’s upper-thigh.
Sherlock looked up in mock-thought. ‘
‘He must keep it on his person, somehow,’ he explained aloud. This was the conclusion he had reached since arriving back at Baker Street. ‘He’s old-fashioned — loves antiques, loves hard material evidence, loves the possessive control he has knowing there are no other copies, no leaks he wouldn’t know about instantly. But it must be
‘And why are you wandering alone into the home of a pretty certainly multiple murderer and mental case?’
‘You could admit just once that you saw his name badge,’ John prompted.
‘Christ, no, I meant—‘ John laughed outright now, and if Sherlock’s temporary embarrassment was what was needed to bring
After a moment, Sherlock resolved or muted whatever cacophony of deductions were reverberating inside his head.
‘I’ll be back in a few hours,’ he muttered, sitting and toeing off his shoes before reaching under the bed for his noiseless ones.
. It was for the best that they had well and truly eradicated the flat of cigarettes, for Sherlock knew that had he had recourse to two full packs, he might have well worked through them, which might have had disastrous consequences since John did not date (i.e., kiss) smokers, which was possibly his most effective anti-smoking incentive to date.
‘John?’ came Sherlock’s voice, and John saw with some surprise that he was holding the station door expectantly.
. Alluded to here, because Sherlock is also a dick. (2) The Bert Coules/Clive Merrison/Michael Williams adaptation of 'The Illustrious Client', which is excellent btw; (3) Homer. Again via Mark -- the portion he read for the Almeida theatre's *Iliad Live* production, from (obviously) the
* * *
‘I'm flattered you were imagining me at all,’ he risked with mild flirtation in his tone, taking a seat at the high marble bar behind her sink and grounding himself in a way that (sometimes) got women's subconscious favour.
‘I want
(He swallowed the razor-winged panic that rose in his chest, and pressed on.) 'There were the other people that did see her. They turned up dead, too. The student who'd met her that morning in the docks. And the officer investigating. Coincidences are not actually that common in murder investigations.' (Sherlock, no doubt, had some sort of maxim about coincidences that he would have flourished at this moment, but John had to make-do with paraphrase.)
'I have seen Heinrich's bank statements,' Violet insisted smoothly. 'Heinrich is not interested in me for my money, or anything so mercenary. I am sorry that you were disappointed with your girlfriend, but I'm afraid that does not mean that you should feel justified in imagining failures in others' relationships.'
An hour later, John snapped to wakefulness. Bleary eyed, he located Christopher beside him, tangled at the waist and snoring the rattle of the inebriated, though the back of his hand was resting against John’s ribs. He didn’t wake as John got up, dressed, and replaced the now nearly-empty bottle in the downstairs cabinet. The sheets were in a near-toxic state of disarray, and would need immediate changing. John wondered whether Christopher would have the time (and presence of mind) to wash them before his wife got home — or if, clenched John’s gut, in the time-honoured tradition of men behaving badly, he wanted to get caught.
'Militat omnis amans' is the beginning of the actual Ovid's elegaic couplet,
‘Code word from my brother,’ Sherlock muttered back.
‘I can vouch for that,’ rejoined John wryly, not bothered if that made absolutely no sense, but just as Sherlock began to protest, John crooked his middle finger inside him, stroking him from the other side of his skin.
’ — and it clicked, while suddenly, if distantly, it occurred to him that John was going to be livid —
There had been a ring, true; but then again, John had returned it and never spoken to her (
‘Well,’ chokes John, his lungs still screaming to pump at twice their normal rate, ‘I won’t be forgetting
) with an ear lest the reluctant groundskeeper should recover from his fractured jaw and sore testes earlier than estimated.
‘An assassin.’ He crossed his arms and shifted his weight back; managed to sound in control, at least.
, anyway.) He and Sherlock, though, had spent so many years loving each other quietly, imagining fantasy versions of each other, in amongst the everyday of bad tempers and absent-minded scratching, that were never interrupted by mismatched desires or poor communication or just plain awkwardness. Was it possible (he thought, in a slightly out-of-body way) they had missed the opportunity to be
In the darkness, John watched his hands wrap themselves around his warm mug.
socks,’ Sherlock amended. He emphasised the point by beginning, with toes dexterous in a way John was too knackered to think about much just now but swore inwardly to investigate tomorrow (today, whatever), to push them off without using his hands, scraping the sides of John’s ankles until it tickled too much to continue –
Scooping up milk and sloshing it over her cereal bits, Molly nodded. ’But hopefully they at least let you read when you liked?’
‘How do you think he’s doing it?’
‘. Meanwhile, when Gruener moved on to the quiz portion of their meeting, John chimed in gruffly with his (poorly disguised disgust-filled) answers to who had sold various (fictitious) works in ‘Dr Barton’ (that was, Molly’s) (fictitious) collection.
‘I cannot untangle a problem if there remains a jumble of deception at the other end of it.’
St Clair seemed to prune with fear, shrivelling into himself and looking, with his wet hair, raw cheek, bleeding lip, and nauseating vagrant attire, every inch as despicable as Sherlock found him.
For a plan, then. John had been adamant about not simply charging in — a frustrating double-standard, since most of the time this was just the sort of breaking-and-entering that got John’s blood up and whose ends always (nearly) justified the means — but, if he was going to be insistent, Sherlock could work around it. Two alternatives seemed most promising:
And yet… his mind, frustratingly, was carrying on two tracks of thought simultaneously. And on the secondary line, he found himself musing that the other unfortunate element in his brother’s hoarding of information
‘Oh, take yourself off, then, and enjoy your “piece of reasoning”!’ He shuffled up, drawing himself completely away from any bodily contact with me, and huddling in a space I fancy even smaller than that which he had previously occupied on the cushion, stubbornly pretending to resume reading his own article.
A million metaphors — first and foremost, breaking a horse before it could be bridled — all conspired to send a chill up his spine.
As usual, my mistakes are mine. Do let me know if you find one -- I'd much prefer to fix them than not know.
He made an affirmative noise. ‘Wake me in the morning, if you’re up first.’
,’ John crashed, ‘Sherlock, Sherlock,
A wall of sound toppled over him, like a blinding light invading an unlit room (mixed metaphors: irrelevant), but he pushed through and made his way — if only he were truly as tall as John made him seem in his stories — to the back corner of the establishment, where even over the roars laughter and argument and boasting and confession, the unself-conscious tones of Mike Stamford’s Welsh wife could be heard distinctly.
She snickered again.
‘Course, yeah,’ said John, remembering not much more than being furious with Sherlock for chasing away his date, and getting shitfaced in order to be able to stop looking at Sherlock all evening with a simmering, itching fury. (In retrospect, the drinking had also come after John, finding himself tuning out of a conversation with one of Molly’s fellow lab techs, a perfectly decent (if geeky) lad, had happened to look away and be bowled over with the sudden curious thought — clear and fully-formed, as though someone stood beside him had muttered the suggestion in his ear — of how Sherlock would look if John had shoved him into a corner and bitten at his neck until his knees buckled.) (Turned out: he looked, tasted,
‘Christ,’ he said, several minutes later, wiping his eyes with wine-silk sleeves. ‘Brilliant.’
‘Intriguing,’ allows Gruener, whose sudden appearance explains the necessity of the revolver currently pointed over Sherlock’s head. ‘There appear to be two of you.’
It washes over John, this closeness, until he's wrapped and held not by arms but the unnameable
an unbidden thought rang out, and the smirk on his face faltered. *
(aka the chapter whence the fic summary comes)
John found Sherlock considering him through the haze of his long eyelashes.
playlist: 1) Schubert String Quartet No. 14, entitled – genuinely – "
His break was up, so he wished Beth a good luck, gulped down his tea, and told her to be in touch with details of matches.
, tone melding with the distant
All three Bow Street representatives exchanged whispered musings on protocol, but Sherlock merely watched the exhausted, sagging man to his left.
Sherlock loved him, but perhaps more miraculous (i.e., literally incredible, defying belief or logical proof) was the way the world seemed changed once he’d accepted, some time between John insisting he reserve final judgment and now, that in fact John loved him back. Romantically. (Sexually.) Passionately, deeply, foolishly, unreservedly, permanently
Hopkins took a deep breath (
So he threads his fingers into Sherlock’s and nods against his skin.
His vest, realised after a moment, was sticking to his back, so he manoeuvred and wrestled it over his head, then tossed it with a
The violin shrieked perfectly. Which probably earned him a glare, or two. He tore a
, that your lot are working to find those girls and get them into safehouses or new identities or whatever you’ve got to. Actual proof that you have done
‘Pleasure?’ He was looking pointedly at me.
, the beautiful fractious heavy-eyed buttoned-up coiled spring of a man that couldn’t admit anything of importance without being pushed out of his comfort zone and then a bit farther. The longer the silence pooled between them, the worse grew the queasiness swamping the back of Sherlock’s throat. Because eventually John would decide that Sherlock had pushed too far. That the next time John opened his mouth, it would be to announce the impossibility of continuing like this. That he no longer felt or believed the hair-raising storm of things he had sworn by Sherlock’s hospital bed (no doubt adding that such declarations didn’t count, anyway, and that Sherlock was himself a fool for believing, even for a moment, otherwise).
Ignoring the way the man had not stopped talking (just got a promotion; considering moving out into a nicer house, with a proper garden; friends with John for some time and likely to read his blog; not especially calm under pressure; small bladder; ex- (or, actually, now only casual) smoker), John did not take his eyes off Sherlock until he had approached the group, feeling every inch of John’s attention like a high, racketing up his heart-rate, making the entire raucous painful planet seem suddenly full of good-will, amusement, and interest. (The rest of the world could go to hell for all he cared just now; but this buzz, around John, never entirely dissipated.)
He was standing with his arms crossed, considering Sherlock with the book still in his hands, illuminated from behind by the (muted) telly and the uneven lights over the sink and microwave.
‘Is that meant to be a joke?’ John began, stiffly, eyes scanning Sherlock’s face.
John searched Sherlock’s face, deciding (almost visibly sifting through) how much more to say, his own mouth and eyes slowly rearranging into a new (inscrutable) expression. The room seemed suddenly falsely darkened, between the citrus-coloured blush of the lantern and the bright blue-white digital glow of the skull hologram.
Chapter 7 (
‘You cannot be certain that that will be enough. No more can I.’
About an hour later he was buzzing the high-tech video intercom for Violet’s flat, having already shown his ID to the front desk man (a very friendly, fatherly-looking bloke who seemed as though he hadn’t had anyone here actually speak to him like a human being in about ten years) and been directed to 6C.
He couldn’t help it – he laughed, voice rasping.
‘A pointless visit, as ever, Mycroft,’ he told his brother, preparing to accompany him out with something trite and
She, unlike Violet de Merville in possibly every way, seemed to warm to him a little. ‘Billericay.’
He frowned. ‘He’s not
Three months from now: three rent cheques, three credit card bills. Christ, in three months’ time, they’d have to be thinking about Christmas and New Year. Maybe he’d pick up that volunteering gig he’d in gone for last year during the holidays, an hour a week at the homeless shelter offering free clinic services. Plus the annual calls for discharged soldiers to gather and get absolutely
In the corridor, he found himself staring at Sherlock’s closed door. Ah.
, fake
Glaring at Sherlock (who felt a sudden wave, rather than the usual case elation or surge of energy, of fatigue), John faced into the room as if carrying on their conversation, despite speaking into the microphone with the other end pressed firmly to his ear, ‘Molly — thanks for calling.’
, so thick in places it resembled the pictures of ministry buildings abandoned during sudden evacuations in warzones, places he now associated with training classrooms and brisk, efficient movement rather than this…
‘I do, as a matter of fact. One of the women in our Bird Club – that is, Susan’s bird research pool – a Mrs. Oakshott, raises them and then sells them through licensed pet-store owners. I believe she lives on Brixton Street, or somewhere in that vicinity.’
Deductions fired, sifting through the earlier barrage of data and attempted to classify, organise, and reflect upon useful data points. Sherlock stopped the cab, disembarked, and began to walk in the open air. After ten minutes of immersive retreat into his mind palace, he decided to throw himself into legwork (which was to say,
He huffed, rolling his eyes and his legs up to sitting in a single swing. ‘Do not think I shall fall for that old trick, my dear fellow, or we certainly have a tempest between us today. You have simply replaced a decade’s old cover and insinuated one of your more
Sherlock rose from his chair and went to stand near him (though he stood very still, lest his presence induce John to move away). The roast did smell divine.
‘All right?’ John asked, turning to him at a lull (though there were so many!) in the conversation.
‘Thank you,’ Sherlock nodded.
Now, John shrugged. ‘Maybe I will just shoot him.’
‘Damn it, Sherlock! I’m not doing this now. You need to have those stitches looked at, probably broke the skin and tore half of them out.’
‘Melanoma?’
sure to keep the rest of his body in contact with John’s (who nuzzled closer and huffed something of a laugh and kissed his neck as Sherlock leaned over to the table and, quite impressively for a man with less than full utility of one limb, found the correct page and scrawled as meticulously as circumstances would allow):
John took a swig, throat burning (cheap scotch —
Mycroft was poised there in the self-important patient way he did, but John didn’t fancy an edgy smirking/staring contest, so he decided to delegate a few tasks that Big Brother could handle for him.
‘What if he’s got metal detectors?’
‘So,’ Molly said, tucking her hair behind one ear (Sherlock closed then rolled his eyes: hair
‘You do though,’ John informed him, at last meeting his eyes, with heat. It sent a shiver down his spine as their eyes met, knowing this information that somehow Sherlock — Sherlock bloody Holmes — didn’t know about his own body. He loved that birthmark: had admired it in the golden glow of that brilliant morning not so long again, had been thinking about it even since he’d caught a glimpse of it, of all things, in sharp contrast to the fiercer pink scars below. And yet, the kind of thought he tended to have as he slipped between waking and dreaming — that, of Sherlock’s previous partners, no one had made enough (made anything) of the terrain of Sherlock’s unfairly beautiful skin.
,’ he gasps, because it is important. He’s only just begun to tell him everything he needs to say.
(how he hated the drain of his body, the way it congealed the brainwork – but this bone-deep weariness felt worse than mere tiredness, felt colder, shivering like the come-down of a twisted, bottomless hit from which he dreaded to try to climb). (Mitigated, at least, by the scant pleasure of explaining the blatantly obvious as if his brother were an utter simpleton.) (The schedule for pain medications meant he was long overdue, but he would gladly suffer further if it meant John’s expression would soften and he would
‘God, Sherlock,’ John kept saying, uncontrollably hard, fighting pressing his own erection into Sherlock’s through the unforgiving tightness of his jeans. ‘God, you’re
‘Consider this a warning, then: you can’t stop him. And you should give up trying. For real this time. Today, is my suggestion.’
,’ croaked the bird.
A light lift of breeze exposed a distant patch of grass that should have been dark, smooth, unbroken, still: a figure, then, not a guard, moving too fast, too stealthily,
and out of their living room. Still, the man’s lapse into blubbering would not excuse him entirely.
Sherlock scowled at him, and John squared his own shoulders. Either Sherlock was about to strip to the waist and make either him or Molly confirm what John was saying, or he would disappear into the loo and contort himself into a knot in an attempt to do the argumentative equivalent of licking his elbow. If Sherlock thought John was going to back down from either scenario, he was sorely mistaken.
‘Is this a joke the two of you have agreed on?’ Sherlock squinted, no doubt deducing their morning activities without him.
John had bowed his head to nod, attempting to hide his tears. When eventually John's breathing had achieved a stable rate, Sherlock had moved to stand.
to believe me right now, but I am quite obviously telling you the truth: I got the essentials of your file, but I did not – I never wanted to –’
‘Yes. I am.’
‘Sherlock, we don’t have to do this now, or ever, if you don’t want. I’m more than happy to snog for the rest of the morning. But you’ve got to give me a little more to go on than a grunt.’
He had never wanted, though he undeniably enjoyed the theatrics of it, to be a self-diagnosed sociopath flouncing about as if in a perpetual fourteen-year old strop. (Being an adolescent had been a tedious, horrific enough experience when it was happening.) Nor did he desire to become Mycroft, sitting in his palatial office or home and not knowing the one from the other, allowing his mind to form into well-ordered and highly-polished machinery. Sherlock loved the leap, the jolt of the streets, the amazing always-fascinating possibility of what interesting thing people might be up to. (They disappointed more often then not, but – as John was so ready to remind him – not always.) The fact that he, the great Sherlock Holmes, might have to
In the kitchen, the fluorescent light shone harshly from beneath the cupboards so he didn’t bother to switch on the overhead. As he grabbed his army mug from the drying board, his hand grazed one of Sherlock’s test tubes, which for one heart-stopping second teetered on its head. His throat clogged. He forced himself to exhale through his nose until the kettle clicked off several minutes later.
. The police, and possibly Ms. Cusack.’ He hesitated. ‘Sherlock hoped you might be able to wait, before you told Inspector Bradstreet and called it all off. At least while Sherlock follows up the last few…’ (parrots, he thought unhelpfully) ‘leads.’
,’ Sherlock begged, shivering, impatient, and for fuck’s sake, John’s cock was so hard it could break
, explained a line under the image in flowing, faded, precise penmanship. A woman’s: antique.
idiocy: he was simply improving the reading for the next patron.)
With a sigh, Sherlock sat up, reached, and begrudgingly threw the duvet over them.
’Yeah, ‘cos who doesn’t love taking pity money from their baby brother,’ she spat crossly. ‘No, absolutely not, I’m not fishing for a hand-out here! I was just letting off a bit of steam! Besides, I’m not a complete twat, I have some savings.’
of her product-stiffened peroxide-blonde hair, Suze’s choked up frown made John want to find Gruener himself, to make sure the bastard felt every ounce of pain he’d unleashed on others.
as of a large, soaked bedsheet being shaken out, and John felt sleep washing over him again. There wasn’t much space between Sherlock’s body and his, but, closing his eyes, he indulged himself and let his toes – warm, like his stomach, like the insides of his knees, like Sherlock’s chest, Sherlock’s hands only inches from John’s chest – slide over to rest under the soles of Sherlock’s feet. The new contact stirred Sherlock momentarily, and he snuffled and swallowed the saliva in his mouth, and settled again. When Sherlock slept, he slept like the dead.
John was pretty sure he was in love with Sherlock, which seemed a shame as Sherlock was apparently trying to kill him.
,’ John nodded, to himself, mouth almost duck-shaped as he pretended to consider this neutrally. A sure sign, if ever there was one, that John was
when only the sugar, the formaldehyde, and the lens cleaner were in labelled tubes — in this madness, Molly had apparently
, I merely broke her nose, which, as you very well –’
and garbled, a corrupted file with only a few frames untarnished, ‘was a woman.’
‘Nonsense,’ Sherlock declared in a rumble, before John had more than opened his mouth. ‘The sheets are clean’ (John felt a stab of guilt that he was by no means certain of
John re-emerged from the kitchen, where (for forty-two minutes before Mycroft’s unfailingly ill-timed arrival) he had been deleting every third word on his attempts at a write-up for the St Clair case and making scoffing noises at their (rather talented) temporary pet.
, John grumbled inwardly. He liked these shoes, and he’d used his last pair of spare trousers changing two weeks ago when a kid had been sick all over him.
‘Neither of them was Gruener, of that I’m certain,’ Sherlock added, because it had been excruciatingly obvious even in his inhibited state that every time the Austrian’s name had come up for the first day or so after Sherlock regained consciousness that John believed him personally, unreservedly responsible for the assault. Part of him had been braced to learn in the morning's newspaper that Gruener had been mysteriously shot through an open window in the middle of the night, to scent the powder burns on John's finger tips when he helped prop up Sherlock's pillow.
More noise was inadvisable, but he needed a way to incapacitate AGRA, so when she shouted –
Head's up: Harry's... not nice. See tags if shitty family might be a squick for you.
‘Who’s a lovely bird,’ the parrot squawked, ‘pretty girl! Pretty girl!’ with such a perfect West Country accent that Sherlock could almost have told what parish she was from – if she had been human. ‘PA-PA-PA-PA-PAPAGENO, PA-PA-PA-PA-PAPAGENO!’ she shrieked, in a new, confident soprano, bobbing her head and shuffling along her perch. Fascinating.
—’ (he waved over to his abdomen, muscles protesting less than yesterday) ‘— or any other of his prior offenses.’
John gasped and laughed and swore and jumped all at once, which again seemed remarkably complex when Sherlock felt too muddled to do more than
,’ he moaned, through gritted teeth. ‘With
‘“A bit odd”,’ Sherlock droned acidly.
‘Yeah,’ he agreed finally.
In pearls, a no doubt cashmere vermilion cardigan (the same vivid red shade, he couldn’t help thinking, of Flint and Ovid’s tails), and plain black trousers, the Countess was as stunning in dinner-for-one attire as in her entertaining clothes of the afternoon. ‘Dr. Watson. Some news, I take it?’ She eyed him curiously.
Stealth, impressive,
Blithely unaware that her instinctive dislike of Mary — everyone’s dislike? Was John actually that messed up that he was the
‘When I was away,’ he began, ‘it involved… some degree of hiking.’
He came back to himself when a flutter interrupted his field of vision: John was falling asleep. Even too-close, he was beautiful, like the indigo landing-lights on a runway just before touchdown. Thrilling, welcoming. Secure.
‘Fat lot of good it did anybody,’ she scoffed. ‘Knew me on sight. Said she didn’t want to hear my “slander” and shut the door in my face. Spent an hour outside shouting through the door, just in case she could hear — or maybe one of her posh neighbours — but of course when the police showed up, all they wanted was to get me the hell away from there. Didn’t seem very interested in anything I had to say.’
‘Idiotic,’ Sherlock cut in, ‘I met them — a pair, as in,
‘Helen-Louise probably thought the same thing.’
He hadn’t expected any of this: not just the recent stint in the recovery unit, but this — everything. It was stupid to plan, stupid to think about all the years he’d gone to bed (sometimes alone and sometimes very much
‘This? THIS is what I’m worried about,’ John cut in, scowling at the spasm of fury that shot from Sherlock’s midsection through his lungs. ‘Do I need to show you again what pulled stitches look like when they get infec—’
For a moment, John merely blinked at him, a stubbornness colouring his surprise. ‘What.’
‘Not this way,’ murmured John, nearer to Sherlock, trying to radiate tranquillity in precisely the way he had been trained, years and continents ago, to speak to someone about to self-immolate with a suicide bomb, and before (or was it after?) that, the same tone for someone else entirely on the roof of a building, looking down at a gathering crowd. (His stomach flipped at the memory: disorderly affects, crowding his body and memory in own fell swoop.) ‘This doesn’t solve things. This won’t save anyone–’
And oh Sherlock’s mouth was lush, closed in a pout as though they hadn’t seen each other in weeks, like they had to start from scratch, which
After a while, their joints were seizing up, the rocks holding no warmth whatever but indeed seeping it from them greedily. Why anyone lived in the North after the Ice Age was, frankly, a mystery. They came down the mountain silently, the same, but somehow restored — old and new, a philosophical conundrum of bodies, minds, time…
He felt Sherlock’s body clamp down on the hot, strange breach — heard, through the
– tried to love – a fucking
During Sherlock’s time away, John had in fact only dated — and for one absolutely insane week considered proposing to — Mary. It had begun as a whirlwind (how John, not-so-subconsciously, best liked to do things). She’d chatted him up in January, just after a shift as he went to lock up his things, and on pure impulse — defying the prospect of yet another night with surely too much whisky for a man alone on his sofa — he’d flirted back. They’d gone to the pub and, still flushed with the spirit of a fresh year of opportunities and turning new leaves, gotten spectacularly, painfully drunk, made it back to hers for what under any other circumstances would have been a quick, rough, and terrible shag, without even folding down her embroidered, button-ornamented duvet. In the morning he’d been hungover and embarrassed, unsure which of those was a more shameful way to wake up (and two days before the anniversary of Sherlock’s death, to boot). But then at work the day after, she’d smiled brightly rather than ignoring him or nodding briskly, and asked if he was interested in getting together that weekend. He’d been floored. He’d considered how he’d spent this time last year:
Sherlock didn’t speak.
Putting aside the absurdity of Sherlock always deleting the names of clients he found too boring to retain after the case was concluded, John cast his mind back. ‘Hang on,
‘Hm. True.’
‘We do actually get on, as professionals,’ Peterson informed him primly.
She snorted. The waiter brought her the fizzy lemonade, which she unconsciously grasped quite tightly. ‘God, I left that bunch of old cows ages ago. All just there to get away from their sorry excuses for husbands or to try to push some jewellery scam on you. Couldn’t breathe for all the overpriced mothball perfume they wore.’
With a murmur low and suddenly, uncharacteristically shaky, John enunciated every word with deliberate force: ‘I love you —
! John,’ he beamed, turning to look at John with his face shining with glee, ‘I need a
But as he started to put his foot down, Sherlock snapped shortly, ‘We
He put the dry cleaning on the back of John’s door, swapped batteries in John’s razor and set aside the old ones for proper disposal, and even washed his saliva experiment before placing the clean test tube on the drying rack beside the previous tube from the previous week. (Well putting them away would be pointless, as he was going to need them again tomorrow, since the case was now finished.)
Sitting down, he found John’s arm effortlessly slide around him, and the flicker of anxiety in his stomach extinguished with relief. Much better than being surrounded by numerous superfluous people, vying for space.
Not that either of them were especially good at talking, but he knew that on occasion when Sherlock was rattled he flitted around the flat, impatient and needing a ballast. But this morning Sherlock had proclaimed his intention to venture to the British Library for further research, so John had decided there was no point hovering and making things worse.
and – Angrily he clamped down on his spiralling thoughts and remained still.
After a minute or so of quiet ambient noise, syncing their respiration, Sherlock squirms ever so slightly.
Almost two weeks of good behaviour, floating in becalmed sea of slow feeds and hours lost and naps snatched and colostomy bags and still not
’We need you for this operation to be successful, Molly. More than anything, more than any information we might be able to pack into John’s or, realistically, your head in the next twenty-four hours’ (John rolled his eyes) ‘will be far less important than the
an inconspicuous
‘I know,’ John said.
Gruener finished his cigarette, returning to his desk to tap out the ashes. (Yes: Blue Russians, definitely.)
Sherlock really didn’t make it easy, though. Didn’t relax, or let himself be at a disadvantage… well, pretty much ever. But today, at least, with the memory of Sherlock’s contented, slightly overwhelmed
Sherlock shook his head but, as his mouth was now travelling along John’s unshaven jaw to his collarbone and breastplate to his ribs, said nothing.
Feeling the strong-arm was perhaps a little too strong, John cut in, ‘We’re not the police. We don’t think you killed him.’
Sherlock counted John’s breaths in the near-silence – the average number, it seemed, though each one felt like it was subtracting from a finite number Sherlock was allowed to overhear. Involuntarily his hand gripped nothing, and he shut his eyes.
‘Her codename was AGRA,’ he offered, beginning with what little he knew, ‘almost certainly an homage to a famed marksman in pre-Raj India who was involved in the 1857 mutiny —’
keeping the bird, Sherlock,’ John headed him off, getting to his feet and moving toward the kettle.
above his shuddering lungs, down his ribs, his lower vertebrae, until it was too much to bear — Sherlock kissed him where he could reach (the underside of his jaw), probably harshly, not tender at all like John was holding him; lips and teeth and choked airways and kissed and kissed until John’s dextrous (sinistrous) alien fingers found his cock — he whimpered,
to send John or Sherlock on jury service. Because this is what this fandom has done to my brain: colonized it).
Sherlock made a beeline for the coffeepot. ‘Congratulations, John, on having graduated to correct deductions about the time of day.’
‘Oh, don’t worry! It’ll be a help just to tell some of the others you might be there — give a little star-power to the team!’
, the solidness of him. (He should have been a fencer: a game of true attrition.)
He'd never been a fan of an ambush, but now he was here, he reckoned he might as well go in. And he'd be damned if he was going to be the one who blinked first.
‘Who’s a lovely boy, then?’ John had said, feigning the absurd affectionate infantilising voice people used for dogs.
, Sherlock had said. John’s stomach cramped on nothing and he frowned miserably down at Sherlock (system drifting off the anaesthesia and towards the morphine drip, unlikely to be fully conscious for another few hours) and John worried at his back teeth with his tongue, because he couldn’t cry with his jaw like that, he had learned from years of losing people, losing people he loved and people he barely knew, and because crying didn’t help. God help him, he did like it: he loved the life they led, dangerous — nothing by halves — and nothing out of bounds any more, but like Mrs. Hudson said, you couldn’t have everything you wanted in this life, and apparently he was destined to have Sherlock tear at the heart of him, a little bit at a time.
John huffed a breath, then came round and sat down heavily, facing the shut grate beneath the mantle. His thumbs resumed chaffing away the seams on his armchair. The back of his jacket, like the back of his neck, was now dry.
After the first few tabloid stories broke, John started sending the flowers to other rooms — the NICU, some of the long-term physical therapy patients, the oncology wing, and of course the nurses who were on their floor (an apology as much as a gift). He didn’t read the cards, just stuck them in a drawer for Sherlock to look at later.
‘Exactly.’
‘You’ve made a historical study of gun laws in European cities in previous decades, have you?’
‘I’m pretty furious, you know,’ John murmured, confirming Sherlock’s own thoughts.
him with such heady, overwhelming confidence that Sherlock had been powerless to hold anything back, even had he wanted to. (Which, of course, he didn’t.)
The remaining warmth in John’s chest vanished like smoke on a breeze. Mrs. Hudson was probably wondering what all the rowing was about lately. John hoped to heaven she was out at her book club tonight.
Thus I opened the smooth pages with a careful, deliberate slide of hands across paper. Holmes would yet eat his words, if I had anything to do with it.
would sleep better if we shagged a bit?’
GOD ABOVE, I will have no problem whatsoever with telling your brother to take over this case if it means you will actually give yourself time to get well!’
the work: yes, he loved being a doctor, was good at it and did good through it, but beyond that, he needed to maintain a life outside of the Holmes & Watson Detective Agency. And yet… and yet, some mornings, he nearly caved. This was one of those mornings. How incredible, how precious, to be able to shrug off his coat, fold himself into the space between Sherlock and the edge of the sofa, and (sleep still in his eyes) slip back into a doze, this time
Maybe, he daydreamed to himself, as Sherlock continued to smile even while scrolling through his phone, they could come back here tonight. Get a little tipsy — just nearly-drunk enough to loosen them up, to scoot their chairs close together so John could stretch his legs across and dig his bare toes into the warmed leather of Sherlock’s cushion, brushing the sides of Sherlock’s shins — or, if they really did get drunk, maybe nudge their chairs right up close, so that when he leaned forward, he could find the inside of Sherlock’s knee (clad in John’s favourite dark jeans today) with his thumb.
Just as he was about to switch subjects, however, John looked at him with narrowed eyes. ‘What aren’t you telling me?’
of tyres — he tensed automatically, waiting for the impact — but instead someone blasted a long
Hope the wait was worth it. This chapter gave me a lot of trouble and Sherlock's perspective was deliberately disjointed... but (full disclosure) I still think it could be improved. Oh well. Next chapter is where I'm really looking.
. How did anyone
Sherlock suddenly appeared at the adjacent bedroom door. ‘I need you to go over the whole evening again, without leaving anything out.’
). Shaking off the man’s sickeningly suggestive demeanor, Sherlock replied in kind, trading all the usual jibes (‘I think you ought to be a lot more cautious than you’ve been up to now. Not that it will make a difference, of course’), all the while collecting data — the layout, CCTV locations, scents, the sounds and thence routines of the guards — for later perusal and sorting in his mind palace.
‘Doctors and nurses — and midwives — are always the first ones accused, historically speaking,’ John had piped up from behind a newspaper.
At last, Sherlock finally cracked, looking bewildered and imploring all at once. ‘I’m selfish, John. You know I am. But I cannot allow myself to ask to you to give all of that up. Not for – for me.’
She snickered, ‘Come on, John, look at his jacket: bullet-proof. He’ll be fine.’ She hadn’t blinked, it seemed, in ages, eyes trained –
‘One of them,’ Sherlock said, with careful, clear enunciated consonants, because the picture in his head was fuzzy but, between themselves, he knew what he saw, even if the data was being
Eyeing him warily, Sherlock got up and moved with John into the kitchen, joining him by the kettle.
He walked, with newly schooled rhythmic efficiency, down to the town’s second best, and biggest, local, a bustling place that attracted as many out-of-towners as regulars. He knew it of old — had practically grown up here. Turned out: it was a Thursday.
‘Go on, put me down for a match or two,’ he offered. ‘Though the whole detective thing makes me a pretty unreliable back. It makes me an unreliable
‘And this is what is become of Sherlock Holmes: the great vigilante house-breaker? the Raffles of Scotland Yard?’
‘I know,’ through gritted teeth, the arse, ‘that you do not
He smirked again. ‘Is that a nice way of asking me to brush my teeth before I do it again?’
Rational responses all seemed to come up short, none fitted quite right, too many caveats or qualifications, too glib or too literal (John almost certainly would appreciate neither), so he nodded instead.
‘Of course not, Mrs. Hudson,’ Sherlock called approvingly from the sitting room to the kitchen. ‘Immune system like yours, only strengthened by minor infections. We can reasonably expect another fifteen years of ridiculous dance routines and unnecessary hair-dye.’
Rising, he shut the window gently and placed his soaking shoes beside their puddle on the floor.
But he had rushed in too deep to this game before, a catastrophic mistake he was in no hurry to repeat. One Moriarty was enough for a lifetime.
Rolling his eyes, he strode past John into the kitchen, to examine the recently-procured plastic (his skin grated even to contemplate the synthetic-crinkly sound) takeaway bags.
For a moment, he flicked through the volume. Then, handing it back over his head to me, he said, feigning indifference, ‘And this has proved
Even lying naked from the waist up, almost flat on his back, Sherlock managed to roll his eyes dramatically at his brother’s departing back.
, I just need a bit more time. I —’
Increasingly, however, he found himself watching John’s face, hearing the unique vocal tics of John’s voice exaggerated and warped by the parrot’s eager repetition. Rather than comforted by John’s commitment to their frankly unimportant task (as he was nearly positive that Henry Baker was not involved anyway), Sherlock felt oddly discomfited, strangely voyeuristic. Even if, as per his original plan, he could have coached John through various amorous declarations in foreign languages, still they would not been able to talk to each other about anything of significance. Moreover, Sherlock was struggling (even more than he had anticipated) not to confuse the words John was speaking as John’s own. ‘
Above all, though, was the enormity of the truth that, even if whatever uneven thing he and Sherlock had fell apart — even if, someday, Sherlock decided the demands of the flesh were not worth his time and that he would prefer to go back to partners in crime only; or if, a different darker voice prompted, John found himself incapable of watching Sherlock rush off without him one more time, do one more reckless thing and nearly get himself killed, without regard for where that would leave John — even then, John could not imagine feeling
sorry,’ Sherlock half-laughed, throat feeling like he had swallowed a mug of too-hot coffee in one gulp. ‘You cannot be thinking clearly, John, this is hardly an occasion which merits
, would deliver him from this hell
The bolt of disquiet this sent through Sherlock made him speak before he could stop himself: ‘She was an assassin, you know.’
They wouldn’t like it, but he was only about an hour ahead of his scheduled shift ending, so it would be possible to be — well, anywhere in London, really — in about half an hour.
Sherlock shut his eyes, pressed himself closer in every place until they were entangled completely, and John didn’t need to hear him say it to know it was true for him too.
He braced himself. They hadn’t — he hadn’t — really decided how, or what even he wanted to tell people. It was going to get out eventually: he hadn’t even made it fifty
‘We’ll keep you informed,’ Sherlock told her, before turning towards his desk and beginning to type dramatically on his laptop.
-- whose works constitute a huge chunk of my bookmarks. Fandom is tricky when it comes to borrowing/imitating/emulating from/thinking with other authors, so I both admit this debt and urge you all to go read some of those works. They are
,’ he replied impatiently, wishing he had something staining and foul-smelling to drop at Mycroft’s pristinely-polished feet to splatter across his trouser hems. (Which reminded him: he must ask Mrs Hudson to take John’s besmirched pair to the good cleaners today when she went.)
Then, sometime roughly four hours in, Molly made a bit more rustling than she had done for a while, then finally cleared her throat. ‘Do we… er, eat, at all?’
‘What I want,’ John raised his voice, because if he went to his grave without saying this, he would be worse than a fool, ‘is
Sherlock struggled to appear insulted while inwardly his stomach was wriggling with joy. Maybe they could train her to act as intermediary to diffuse John’s anger whenever Sherlock crossed an especially significant line –
‘Knock knock,’ Flint picked up eagerly. ‘Who’s there? Orange you glad I didn’t say banana?
in and out of the house without being captured or stopped, yet also managing to disable/disarm Gruener without being noticed.)
‘Not now!’
And as expected, Gruener launched into a tedious, self-indulgent monologue for several minutes, during which time he made the customary threats and insinuations (telling him not to pursue the case on penalty of grievous bodily harm, blah blah blah,
Sherlock smiled in return, hoping to encourage Billy to disclose just a bit more of the knowledge churning behind his scraggly, shadow-carved face. He waited.
), but then his mouth (
‘It’s late,’ he repeated, watching Sherlock huff impatiently, mouth indecently reddened. ‘Got work tomorrow. I’m for bed. A proper night’s sleep.’ His hard-on thrummed in protest against the fiddly buttons of his tuxedo flies, but he forcibly ignored it. ‘Are you sleeping tonight?’
the police, even the
sleep visor at the flat, so you’ll just have to make do.’
He stopped, silent. His gaze snagged momentarily on John, who was rubbing his hands along his thighs in a completely distracting manner, before he got up and moved to the kitchen and took down three mugs. (Sherlock couldn’t
timing. ‘I… I’m sorry for – I shouldn’t have barged in –’
When he got there, Baker Street was empty.
— never mind through their bed, through the
John sighs.
She shrugged, smirking too. ‘I haven’t got any birthmarks, but I think if I had one that looked even a bit like that…’
The less-than-glamourous part of this job, he mused to himself as he charted with all the notations and dangling sentences he’d typed up with half an eye on the screen while listening to the slightly round-faced man explain his headaches, was the paperwork. The boring bits they never showed on telly: filling out intake sheets, marching back and forth with charts, NHS pamphlets, gauze and bandages, collecting test results, reading x-rays, muttering to nurses as patients arrived or left, sometimes seeing people into ambulances (once in a while at a run with a shout to clear the way, but far more often at an elderly pace as various cases that needed admitting for overnight care were sent on from John’s exam room to a hospital bed). Seldom was someone gushing blood, or someone else presenting with a mystery disease. And more than anything, first, last, and in between: paperwork.
‘Yes,’ was all he returned.
including the propolis I told you would improve your lingering blisters because you are too stubbornly invested in so-called “modern medicine” to admit that apiological chemistry is
‘Get your own ruddy socks,’ John grunted into his pillow.
mistake. They had, he thought, trying to be logical, gone almost completely the wrong way about all of this (relationships, affection, fighting, trust, death, personal lack-of-space, jealousy, love) and now were adding new components (kissing, sex, hands, mouths, cocks, skin) in one fell swoop. Sherlock was a
For a tense moment, Sherlock stood, awaiting John’s reaching fingers on his jacket, his lower back, his jaw: but when none of the usual touches came, he rapidly reassessed: ah. He took a step forward, then (when John smirked even more, settling into his stance leaning against the countertop) another. Hovering over John, he wondered if they had enough time for any of the three or four scenarios gliding like film strips across John’s glinting eyes.
‘But why didn’t he let the medical examiner see his wife's body? Let
One more chapter in this fic, and then a sequel to follow... eventually.
‘They’ll be triangulated through the car itself,’ Sherlock nodded, ‘and a… satellite. You, on the other hand, will not be able to hear me.’ He wasn’t entirely certain he grasped or, for that matter, cared about the finer technological details of the earpieces: they were, his midnight communiqués from his brother had assured him, fit for this purpose. That was all that was relevant at present.
After a moment in which they both scowled peripherally at each other, Mycroft affected an enormous, put-upon sigh, blessedly deciding it was time to hoist himself off to his sedentary perch.
; closed his eyes and concentrated on what John managed to tell him without speech. Heat and wet, numbed and smarting as if shocked by jumper cables, familiar like everything about John had become familiar, even his cells.
‘An apt choice of words, Mrs Hudson,’ Sherlock agreed, mouth full as he sat down and began, with the fingers not tipped with chocolate, to re-set the necessary components on the table. ‘Scaly, virtually spineless, and inclined to follow the school rather than strike out on his own.’
‘How should I know,’ John shrugged. Even to his own ears it sounded petulant.
Rather than coax an explanation out of either of them (
‘What — he didn’t —’
she could hope for was to be merely heartbroken… And in the meantime, the
‘Obviously: someone else will have to go with me,’ Sherlock spelled out.
That got John’s attention. ‘Seriously?’
(For a stab of a second, it occurred to him that Sherlock leaving the flat was
John blinked.
‘Shut up – just…
‘Shut up,’ John keened, thrusting up into Sherlock’s hands. They were breathing raggedly, as the slippery sensation of Sherlock’s hand along them both triggered every nerve. ‘Oh, fuck, just – Sherlock, you,’ his mouth angled upwards and met Sherlock’s as his hips lifted off the bed, and he groaned as Sherlock’s thumb flicked around the head of his cock and brought Sherlock’s cock up to meet his hand and, ‘
(See the end of the chapter for
John snickered. ‘Sherlock, if you phone your mother, she’ll talk your ear off about being
‘I think I got most of it,’ John agrees, though he knows there must be more for Sherlock to be so retreated into himself at something as silly as a misunderstanding with a notoriously intractable pre-schooler. He knows, of course, that whatever happened, Sherlock is beating himself up about it—and, judging by Rosie’s demeanour, that ‘it’ was nothing more than bit of nervous parenting on Sherlock’s behalf. The ‘anxious father’ look was one that had come gradually upon Sherlock, more or less just as John was beginning to shed the fragile shell he’d built around them and allow Rosie to do things like sit alone for more than a second when he needed the loo, stick her fingers in her mouth without being disinfected first, go more than two days without being inspected for rashes, bumps, and other alarming signs of imminent disaster.
Grimacing in preparation, he lifted his right shoe experimentally. The resulting wet
John’s expression wavered between argumentative and cautious curiosity, as Ryder preceded Sherlock into the living room. (He had successfully delivered the gem; he was neither as irate as when they had parted nor wholly repentant; he considered (his eyes swept Ryder, the room, and then at last Sherlock [whose stomach clenched, while a raindrop from the curls at the back of his neck slid shiveringly down below his collar]) all possible outcomes of this sudden rendez-vous, his shoulders tensing in protective anticipation.)
‘You did visit the man’s house,’ John observed in an unamused voice that spoke volumes about what he thought of
And there had been so many of those lately. Swings of enormous extremes, a ship heaving and crashing on hurricane-force swells.
. That reminded him. ‘Including this,’ he instructed, marching into the bedroom and (ignoring the rumple of the sheets: two bedmates, no sexual intercourse but indices marked close contact for a sustain period) unearthed his supplies.
you deliver to Gruener in person.’
‘Let’s see what crap telly we can bore you to sleep with today?’ he murmured invitingly, flipping past children’s afterschool programmes and endless (and potentially but probably un- interesting) red-alert bulletins on the news.
should be.’
When he walked in, he realised his clothes stunk of booze, and probably worse.
know–’
– he swept his mind clear of the thought once more.) On top of this, it was getting colder out now that night had indeed set in. Sherlock retreated tightly into his coat.
He admired her choice of words, but merely nodded. ‘Second, it’s not been in anything like his wallet, his diary, his… anything, any of the things they could get off him —’
reading the hateful silence he had so unhelpfully strode in upon. He smashed his eyes shut and sawed his bow.
The pause as John staggered off the bed, almost dizzy, to shuck his clothes unintentionally gave Sherlock a moment to bury his head in his pillow. (‘If there were anything I didn’t want from you, John, you would know’, he’d said that first time, on the sofa… but John wasn’t sure he believed him.) Quick as he could, John discarded shirt and pants, dug the lube — damn, he’d forgotten to bring the new one upstairs — and condoms (thankfully, plenty left in this box) from the gap between the mattress and headboard. All this took less than fifteen seconds, but he couldn’t help but notice the tension creep back into Sherlock’s body.
‘And yet you are surprised,’ he murmured to the apparition, checking ‘Expedited shipping’.
‘We also have a precious stone worth several million pounds in this room, John. Let’s not shout too much about recent transactions or Mrs. Hudson will feel compelled raise our rent.’ Sherlock got up and made for his coat, cool detective persona falling away as his eager scavenger hunt side took over. ‘Talking of which, I need you to go back to the Cosmopolitan –’
Very little of this could not have been said a year previous, or at any point of the first period of his and John’s cohabitation. Changes, therefore, were in the details: it was, after all, an axiom he stood by, that the supposedly ‘little things’ were infinitely the most important.
•	John’s scar was a yellow-white blast of smooth skin [
, he thought inwardly. But he kept walking, and, greeted by a brisk gust of early October chill, shut the door firmly behind him.
John whirled around, mostly out of annoyance that Mycroft Holmes could still sneak up on him. Beside him with a practiced air, Mycroft’s aide was recognisable as such for wearing a black wrap dress that looked like it was made of some combination of crepe and spandex, the sort of thing a cabinet secretary would wear to an evening banquet, here at not-quite-9 o’clock in the morning. She placed a tall crystal vase filled with purple lilies on the sideboard, then brushed the yellow pollen off her clothes. John suspected it was the kind of fabric that would absorb blood without a visible stain. She left without a word.
know about both Victor and Alec, including Victor’s role in his detective career and Alec’s in his addiction history.) Tight-lipped, Sherlock did his best to mask his expression.
‘You don’t believe me? Ask my “sodding brother” — he’ll show you the file. She was undercover.’
, a mere forty feet away from where John lay) would be so underfoot today that he might get the brunt of Mrs H’s surprisingly daunting chiding, and be forced to eat something to appease her. He could dream, anyway.
She went over to the bed and leaned down to kiss him, patting him softly on the other cheek, and John had to look away. So many people giving in, spoiling the man rotten, trying to care for him in any way possible… John wondered for how long after Sherlock’s death Mrs. Hudson had continued taking him his morning tea — whether she’d drunk it, or left it for his ghost. If she’d ever blinked and found the cup smashed, milky tea sloshed all over the broken china at her feet, and wondered how it got there.
, my dad was rolling in his grave then, horrible old tosser.’
told Sherlock they could not keep a bird) on the bend in the heavy brass lamp. She had been conversing happily with Sherlock almost incessantly, offering her strange strand of tangential, slightly surreal commentary whenever Sherlock voiced a deductive fragment aloud. Neither of them had spoken to or come near John since Mycroft had left.
‘Or?’
But Sherlock also had become sad in their amusing session with the bird, and John was convinced Sherlock had started overthinking the whole thing, as he was always wont to do, particularly when things touched him personally.
‘Yes, Sergeant, Dr. Watson and I will send for you when we have news.’ He bent and scooped up the parrot, placing her swiftly on his shoulder, and feeling her faint clutch of talons through his shirt.
am calling upon Gruener while you are introducing yourself to Miss de Merville.’
, John. Terrible for your back.’
When, about half past four, he found himself jerked back to wakefulness, he became aware, with sharp clarity, of his full bladder at the same moment as realising he had fallen into a doze. He stood slowly, muscles seized, cold-stiff. His joints popped. The loo was just across the corridor.
, isn’t that just bloody sodding typical. I thought everyone was mental to say that stuff about you two but hey! Why did I expect any different? You
, Mycroft. Teenagers and probably younger.’
of all these awful, unnecessary people
, though John couldn’t even tell when.
‘So pleased we don’t need to go to this preposterous celebration this evening?’ This, half to gauge whether John’s mood needed to be settled before they left the flat or more gradually.
‘Last person I dated, best thing I got her was to shave off my beard.’ (A lie, but it sounded better than that he'd shaved for Sherlock Holmes.)
Now that she’s said it, his chest feels nauseating, wrong — the wet slide of his own blood, warm and tacky, trapped beneath his shirt and his skin and his abdominal cavity, where it ought to be — he wants to wipe it up, or hold it in, hold himself tightly, but he can’t seem to get his own arms to do it sufficiently. The edges of his vision are beginning to blur with pain, a mix of cold and burning hot that stings and seems only to be getting worse with every breath —
As ever, the tags note the crimes this fic's baddie has perpetrated. All occurred in past and will *never* be shown in this fic, but just to be safe, the tags are there.
A cheap shot. Sherlock was hardly impressed himself.
(See the end of the chapter for
— a pair of arms wrapped around him from behind — he swung and elbowed,
’ (transl. Benita Eisher)*
John had – had held him, gently. Had murmured clichés and then had laughed his high ridiculous laugh,
(He was banned from many of the local libraries for not returning books in the state they preferred. It was hardly his fault the books he took out so often held
‘So long as none of them thinks they now will be expected to join us in our home for punch and charades.’
Sherlock pauses, hand on the bathroom door. ‘Ask her about her arm.’
‘Sir?’ repeated the blonde, name tag clarifying that she was Martine, and the manager.
‘Shh,’ John murmurs, setting the revolver down by his knee and crouching low (just like he had last night, comforting and close) to put a hand to caress Sherlock’s cheek. The rest of them are gone, Molly and Anderson and Mycroft and even the shadow of Redbeard. Good riddance. This is all he needs anyway. ‘Calm, love.
another person was almost secondary (though not quite) to the wave of relief that settled on his sweat-dotted skin. Sherlock was
‘Curious,’ said Mycroft to his back. ‘I little expected you to take such a sentimental tack. And yet, he is rather the sort of puzzle you like to solve.’
(or, as it were, bright, public lobby light) but all of it fed into John’s hungry curiosity… The idea that Sherlock
John sat, silent, waiting for him to say anything at all.
Hopkins, who was sitting in John’s chair — he seemed to mould everyday things into
, said a voice uncomfortably like Harry’s.) Either way, it was nobody’s business what they did in bed, in the kitchen, on the cases, on the bloody
‘And d’you… need me for this?’
But Sherlock also had smiled over his shoulder at John in Mr. Ramani’s defunct storage room, had watched John with pained prescience as he exposed Neville St Clair’s hoax, had not so long ago given up almost everything in his life so John wouldn’t lose his…
For another moment she stared, frozen with appalled surprise, as if he had sneezed in her drink. Then she sat back and tossed her short copper hair and grinned at him with such venom he was the one momentarily speechless.
lost the power of speech (though full results were pending). ‘Did… you did read it, didn’t you?’
(And the masters is done too, thanks for asking. :))
, Sherlock intoned to himself. Why else would John (still in his (tented) pants) have positioned himself on top when in most previous situations he was perfectly comfortable to lie anywhere? Why else would he have bothered to brush his teeth and wash himself, return to bed, inform Sherlock as though calming a skittish colt… (Sentiment; ‘ethics’; consideration.) John’s intentions (desires) broadcast in a thousand small tells he didn’t bother to hide.)
. You prefer women like Suze Winter and Mary Morstan over what most men would call a “dream come true” of Violet De Merville —’
Ch. 1
The auburn-tinted room seemed to stagger with this half-confession. (Too much data, clouded in sentiment and Sherlock’s suddenly pounding heart.) He didn’t trust himself to say anything right.
to everyone who read, and especially those who Kudosed/bookmarked/commented. I hope you enjoyed reading it even half as much as I
Pete Watson lay in bed, face ashen apart from his yellow, sunken eyes, belly distended under John’s grandmother’s quilt. A nurse was seated beside him when John shook himself off the doorframe.
‘It’s unclear how much there is to know,’ he replied, which was as close as he could physically stand to saying he had no more information than John did about what had become of her. He stepped back, giving them each a moment to regather themselves (John sighed again behind him, steadying). ‘I didn’t arrange for her to be extracted in conjunction with my…’ — It was important that John trust that he hadn’t been involved. That, things being different, even had he arrived to find John mid-proposal, he would not have stopped it happening purely for his own benefit. (He hoped, though did not exactly trust, that he would someday find the inner resources to let John go, when the day came that he finally asked.) — ‘… my return. It was, improbably, a coincidence.’
Shaking his head, John rose onto his toes and planted a closed-lipped (beer; pub food) kiss — a shock, in the midst of these dozens of nosy, absurd people — on Sherlock’s possibly self-congratulatory mouth.
‘HOW did
John nodded, feeling gently her at lymph nodes, and prompting her to open her mouth so he could look: yes, red, inflamed. Ill. ‘Maybe you should reschedule, just for one day – no reason to get yourself stuck in a downpour. Lemsip and an early night? Then maybe –’
‘You first wife found your charms somewhat… diminished, eventually,’ Sherlock volleyed at Gruener’s back.
With glassy-blue eyes quickly scanning the passersby as they darted into or were disgorged by the shop, Billy’s mouth wriggled slightly over his teeth. (Clean: over a month; nevertheless, old habits, etc.) ‘Maureen’d know more,’ he equivocated at last. Interesting: usually he was more (though seldom
‘Sir James,’ Sherlock offered, with a formal dip of his head.
: that ship was not only sailed, but probably had crashed into an iceberg, broken in two, and sunk to the depths of the metaphorical ocean.
He only stepped back away from Sherlock’s mouth just in time — Sherlock whined, but John made sure not go too far away.
As the doors closed, John considered how, had things been very, very different, he would have thought Sherlock an insensitive arse for his behaviour. As it was, John was absolutely mad, a fact he recognised by his powerful longing to seize the moment and press Sherlock against the finely polished wall of the lift and see how breathless he could make him before they reached the lobby. But – again? Really? – Sherlock had placed himself in the farthest possible place in the not especially large confined space, making John’s fantasy seem wholly unwelcome. He put his hands on his thighs instead and said, ‘You can see why she got work.’
At last, when he caught himself nodding off at the table, he gave up on the whole day and climbed the stairs again. He deposited his keys, phone, wallet, and notebook absently on his dresser. Sitting on his bed heavily, he realised that the window was still open, but he found he simply could not be bothered. Instead, he tilted back, full and yet somehow still aching, and slept.
‘See you later!’ Ovid chimed, and Baker, starting with shock (if the man made it home with his bird, his wallet, and his head on straight, John would be
‘Does that include the drugs he’s giving you?’
Unstoppably, Mycroft went on, ‘He allegedly has other, shall we say, agents in his service, presumably not all of whom can be categorically dismissed as buffoons. You are aware of the incidents in Paris…?’
Sherlock wished, for an instant, that Sgt. Challa would simply leave the matter (quite literally) in his hands, so that he could go back to finding a way to solve the challenge of connecting the two cases while reserving enough brainspace to catalogue every cell of John Watson’s skin as it come into contact with his.
‘ He was shouting now, to plough over John’s words which were shaking and livid, hurled across the room. And Sherlock, as John would’ve bet, saw a fight and hurtled into it, no holds barred. ‘I
He finally shrugged off his jacket and prepared for himself a roast beef sandwich with almost no conscious thought. He hadn’t eaten, he realised with a pang, since last night in Kent. He dreaded, with a grim sense of déjà-vu, to think how long ago Sherlock had eaten. Suddenly he felt entirely drained.
ed loudly when the evidently French woman ahead of them glared daggers at them. She — Mary, not the Frenchwoman — wanted to hold hands and kiss in public and duck under ‘INTERDIT’ signs and get drunk by the riverbank, and there had been no good reason why he hadn’t loved every second of it.)
'Speak now or forever hold your peace,' recited John.
. John huffed a laugh and took another bite of his beef and broccoli.
‘He’s asleep!’ the young man, Jacobs, yelped in surprise.
‘I admit, it will involve some… extra work.’ Namely in the realms of clothes and comportment — Gruener would hardly believe she was the private face of one of his chief competitors for macabre erotic art if she turned up in a striped jumper covered in cat hair. Although, a double-bluff… ‘But that is exactly the reason why she is an ideal candidate for the role.’
At this moment in the previous five cases he and John had completed since his return – when he had arrived bruised and shaking and feeling excruciatingly, fundamentally alien – John had turned to him, mouth twisting in a smirk that he refused to dim. ‘Amazing,’ he had said, twice; ‘Brilliant,’ and ‘Wonderful,’ each once; ‘Not one for the blog, that’, most recently and with a laugh in his voice; and, on the first case after Sherlock’s return, only the smirk, a shared unspoken signal, followed by possibly the second hug he had ever received as an adult. This first post-case reaction had surprised Sherlock, not least because he and John, though by all accounts more demonstrative than many friends and even some couples, did not previously hug. More than anything, though, Sherlock had been staggered. He felt the lightening of something in his chest, a thing which had been leeching off every heartbeat he had endured while being ‘away’. Pressed between him and John, his own arms wrapping high around John’s shoulders and clinging slightly childishly to him, the horrible evil thing in Sherlock’s chest had been squished out of existence. He had felt the first genuine smile crack his face since John had clocked the chief superintendent roughly 800 days earlier.
of a punch to his gut, a bruise that was never allowed to heal. It rearranged his internal organs to make room for the constant battering of grief that flew away only to soar back, like the sway of an old grandfather clock. Like she — his mother Liz’s oldest sister, hands lifting a shaking cigarette to her mouth, numbed by the loss of her last remaining sibling at the age of 47 to ovarian cancer — had muttered, it didn’t get lighter: your body just got used to it. Her name had been Mary, too.
, I think when the hospital discharged you, they didn’t imagine wrestling an armed bodyguard and knocking her out to be the same as a game of ten-pin bowling in the park.’
«But you are talking nonsense just like she would! Thank you for the food, Mrs Hudson but i need to work.» he dips his head in the uninteresting clients' mail. So many love affairs, so many husbands cheating and wives cheating and everybody is cheating and he feels a bit like John is cheating too.
«Oh, I see! So
«So...where is he?»
Sternum cracking and ribcage crumpling up in a ball of bones and meat and blood. His heart is crushing and pounding against the bleeding collapse of his body.
Sleepy laugh, foggy mind. John's standing above him, watching his face and waiting for a sarcastic come back. «That happened once, John. Once.»
«Tea?»
«Why the jumper, John? WHY THE JUMPER? ANSWER!» he is pacing like a maniac, hair wild and eyes wet and hungry.
He now notices how both the detective's thumbs are pressing down on the pulse point of his own wrists, counting beats and rate and
There's a soft thud coming from his room. Sounds like the headboard of the old bed is hitting the wall in a shaken rhythm. If she didn't knew Sherlock was inside the room, She might have thought about something dirty going on between the four walls. But since IT IS Sherlock, the anxiety is tugging at her stomach, bile running up her throat. «Sherlock, can i come in...?» she barely thouches the door handle that something crush loudly against the door, wood cracking ugly and the thing shattering against it and on the floor.
«Is he sleeping?» the landlady voice is a tiny whisper.
«Deduce it, doctor. Do i look fine?» he looks annoyed yet less dead, but the mood swings are disorienting John, and
Five,
«Sherlock? Don't what? Hey now, calm down!» no no no
Breathe. Forget. Erase the conversation. Erase emotional context. Breathe out.
And Sherlock tried to talk to him, get him in the game as he used to. Just like those two years never passed and it was just another boring case after a relaxing chinese leftovers night. And John felt so
A whimper escapes her thin lips, hand trying to muffle the many sobs threatening to explode. Her hears register the whimpering and loud shaken breathes coming from inside. Her chest hurts.
Shut down, shut down.
lingering in his too kind words.
«Is this supposed to mean you know something I don't or is it just an observation?»
Evander.
«Sherlock?»
So, turns out he isn't supposed to feel relieved if someone thinks him and John are in a relationship. Internet says so. Mycroft too.
Sherlock hears the steps on their way to the upper floor.
no it wasn't the suit. It's a nice suit.
He starts walking towards the main door of the house, politely smiles at the victim's wife to look as casual as possible -it's not like he just spent five minutes crawling around the naked, dead body of her departed husband- and heads out. It's raining, cabs are picking up strangers on the street. Do they know there's a dead man and a murderer just at few feet distance from the safety of their homes? Ah, it's such a nice morning.
«I ju-I saw it and i bought it, what's the big deal? Are you okay, Sherlock?» hand reaches out.
you will want to talk about the drug use, though. I do believe it is a necessary conversation.»
Hide like he did when he was 25 and the last fix hit too hard and too soon and he had to crawl in a black wet corner before Mycroft could get to him and help.
Wait, what?
He left Mrs Hudson behind. He moved out with no notice, packing his things up while holding breathes to avoid the smell of home to adhere too firmly to the walls of his lungs.
«Yeah, it's me Sherlock. Shh, don't-don't do this, calm down.» has he started pulling at his shirt? Yes. John's hands are stopping his.
He chose it because he thought it was
Does he talk about him? Does he talk to Sarah about his use?
He screams.
He is going to bring John lunch. He would usually buy something in his pause, but he forgot his wallet this morning, too busy running out of the flat. So that means he had no money for lunch, nor for a taxi. So he had to walk to Bart's and is probably starving by now.
survivors.» John looks at him with wide eyes, the detective's voice so frantic and agitated it almost sent Baskerville's flashbacks in John's head.
as far as it is possible for a short injuerd soldier.
So desk job with a lot of computer work is it. Office? Office. John.
John's voice is distant, so soft that he might be dreaming again. He can't tell if it's
Why is it difficult? Why can't he?
Shutdown. Sherlock's mind goes blank. Coping mechanism, they say. His friend's pain is overwhelming, his head hurts too much.
«Oh.» relax. Breathe.
7:32AM. Eyes open. Mind alert. Movements. Noises from the door. Keys fumbling with the lock. Uneasy steps. A pause mid-stairs. A groan. John?
What?
When did he start hitting himself again? He feels warm liquid slowly pervading the crinkles by his left eye, burning slighty the slimy meat of his ocular bulb.
Oh how he wishes John knew. His tongue feels heavy between his teeth, eyes shut so close his whole face hurts from muscle contraction. His hands can't leave the hair, they are gripping hard as if it's the only safe way to stay anchored to reality. Sanity. His hands are holding together his mind, his mental health and the walls of his Mind Palace.
he loses it.
long pause, deep silence. Sand is filling up his body, legs heavy and lungs full. He needs to shut down
Then suddenly it becomes too much.
This is partly John's fault.
Hello beautiful people! This chapter is a little bit shorter than the previous, finding time to write these days seems impossible. I hope you'll enjoy it despite the flaws.
That's why John never stays anymore.
Guys as some of you might have noticed, I modified the chapters. It's basically the same as before, but i wrongfully titled the first two and missed a bit of the first chapter so i just corrected it and uploaded another fresh chapter! My sincere apologies,
The fog dissipates.
Damn it. Think, for the love of it!
John's shoulders seem blocked in the middle of a deep breath. Straight posture, tight fists, head held up in his military trained way. He bets he is pursing his lips right now.
«Sherlock, stop. It's all fine.» But it's not fine, is it? There's so much that demands to be studied and touched and tastes and listened to and he just can't
«I apologise.»
Alert. Fog.
limbs.
It feels a bit like forever fainting. His head is so light, his body so heavy. If he loses grip on the air, the head might pull apart and drift away from the rest of him. Brain leaving soul and matter behind.
She saw him growing paler day by day, shirts crumpled and tucked in his trousers. He was still trying hard to be decent, to have a shower every night and put something in his stomach at least once a day. Something solid.
to hear John, always. Because when John is not with him on a case, or simply out with the woman, Sherlock can hear his voice in his head forming thoughts and formulating ideas.
hands are shaking him roughly and his eyes are forced open by the shock.
That doesn't even make sense. Sentiment can't cloud his mind, nor can literally eat neurones. His brother's humor is not even humorous.
He remembers too well.
John lets out a heavy puff of air. «Yes, god yes. Thank god. I am here.» he smiles down tentatively, hands coming down to rest on the mattress.
me, John!» he's trying to make sense, why can't John understand? He is trying so hard, the words just come out wrong. «It protects you!»
But in this moment, it means nothing to John.
And after two years of six new languages and dialects, just before english started tasting sour on his tongue, he was not allowed to look at John.
Sherlock empties his cold tea in one gulp, bile creeping up his throat and stinging his tongue.
«Job, yes i know how poorly you do it. I'll try and explain, please take notes. I'm in hurry.» He never explained something faster than that.
need rest and
He was angry. Angry at himself, frustrated with his mind. Angry at his brain, stupid brain!
John eyes lift from the diary Sherlock handed him before sprinting in another room of the building they're currently in. His eyes meet Lestrade's ones. «Yes?» he looks to the sides as if trying to confirm he's the only John in the room.
His hands are not the only ones that are shaking. And John's steps are not as steady as he thought they would be. John doesn't smell the same, he doesn't even talk the same way as he did before.
«They held me prisoner for weeks, the physical abuse wasn't as though as the psychological. They held me captive in a dark room. There was no light. I could barely sleep.» he smirks a little, his Mind Palace John scoffing him because Sherlock's sleep schedule isn't really adequate anyway. «I...I thought I was going to die there. I didn't want to die.»
»and he makes a vague gesture in the air between them, hand flying weakly and resting on the table top « to happen and affect you so much.»
«Sherlock, can you look at me when I talk to you? Please.» he can't and he won't.
He needs a fix, his stomach is twisting and turning and he can't
Three,
He would never go out. Not now. Not after. Too many stimuli. Focus, focus!
«Why didn't yo-why didn't you tell me about this? What the fuck, really! Wh-
«I-yeah, I forgive you.» John's a little bit back, one quick look darting on Sherlock's face.
He can't go back in the Palace. His eyes are shut, so tight he can't even percieve the shadows of John moving. So tight his eyebrows hurt, his temples hurt, his fingers contracting so hard they hurt too.
calm down Sherlock? He's not remotely reassured by Mycroft's existence, he never looked like it anyway. John's head spins a bit.
Panic.
His words are empty and recited like a script from a play.
But now there is no Mycroft holding him still. Just his own teeth biting his tongue and drawing blood, fists hitting hit head repeatedly. He is so stupid!
One glass for the first bottle he emptied in the new flat.
But he won't. He won't when Sherlock comes back in the room nor when they head back to Baker Street and the taller man asks him if he wants to come upstairs for a cuppa. And he'd really like to stay and drink tea like old times but he promised Mary he'd stay home to help her for the rest of the day and he just can't be late. «I'll just head back home, yeah? My lady needs me.» he attempts a laugh, to bright up the mode. As soon as he lift his eyes, the smile slides off of his face.
He tried to accomodate John's new
What is it?
«I am sorry.»
«What is going on with you? What's wrong with
«I need you to understand that Sherlock does not react like other people.» his brother says.
Sherlock is staring at him with wild eyes, breath laboured and goosebumps on the skin of his forearms. What's going on?
him; John notices. « but I assure I will not claim my actions as my own if you don't leave this room right now.» but then there it is. His chin trembles slightly, lips pouting for a fraction of a second.
«Don't try to stop his hands like that, you'll end up beaten again. He can't control it, you want to block his arms completely next time.» the doctor's words, when they brought young Mycroft to the E&A with a black eye.
He closes his eyes again, lids heavy and mind dizzy. The sofa isn't even comfortable but he looks so tired. John smiles. «See you later.»
it's basically a whisper. John is not even sure he hears it. «What?»
«I put profound faith in your medical experience and I expect you to know exactly what we are witnessing, Doctor Watson.» he successfully blocks Sherlock's left hand, stopping the self hitting behaviour. «Shh, shh it's fine. It's fine. »
John doesn't know a thing. And it shall remain this way.
John knows what this is and even if he did suspected before, he never actually had any kind of confirmation. He doesn't know what Sherlock needs. Is he to be left alone? Does he need to be held?
«Sure.» the muscles in his abdomen relax a bit. Is he supposed to react like this? Why is he relieved? Lestrade thinks John's cheating? Was he joking? Why can't Sherlock understand if he's joking?
John's mouth still stands agape, his gaze is running around as if he's scanning through possible answers. «Oh.»
Not that he wants affection anyway.
Sex with John must be okay though, For Sarah, of course.
«What's yours?» it's almost a yell. John is standing up, pushing the chair distant from the table and grabbing its edge with shaky hands and white knuckles.
alert! He can't close the speakers, John's voice in echoing in the empty building.
But nothing prepared him for this.
To John's disbelief, Mycroft does not respond. He groans as his arm lets out an alarming snapping sound and Sherlock lets go of him to turn to John. He points a finger to his chest, eyes sharp and redand
Alert. Sherlock's eyes snap on John's face. This is not okay, this feels wrong.
«He let me grieve. He knew and he let me grieve. I was about to give up, I w-I almost-» John's voice shakes. It breaks.
Mycroft lets out a tired sigh. It's an unfamiliar sight, the man refusing to directly look at John. His eyes are running along the wood grain of the floor; they're looking for answer in the scattered papers on the ground.
Alert, alert.
The way his skin is paler.
«FOR CHRIST'S SAKE! YOU HOLD
«Sherlock?»
Consumed. Used a lot. That's what it means.
Is he?
Mycroft hand slips behind Sherlock's back, careful and slow. He tries to pry open the hand still clinging to the curly hair and brings their interwined hands in Sherlock's lap and then slides behind the younger man.
«Sherlock? I brought you some toast, dear!» it's not like she expects him to trot happily to her, he never was one to show sentimentalism before. But NOW, it is painful. It's painful in the same way her hip hurts her: constantly, silently, keeping her away from the stairs to the upper floor and from the door to go outside. She's afraid of leaving the house, afraid of coming home to an empty flat. Empty flat with a dead body, if she's lucky. Because Sherlock is probably one to simply disappear and die alone where nobody can find him.
He didn't touch a thing in the end, just carried his miserable half empty bags down the stairs and into a taxi.
«Back then
Alone. No error. Human error.
He watches his left hand which is shaking and opening and closing
«Sherlock! Jesus Christ, stop. I'm sorry, I know you're not stupid. Calm down.» he grips steadly one of his agitated hands, guides his point finger and middle finger to his own pulse. «See? You're here, I'm here, we're fine. You're fine.» and this time it takes mere seconds for Sherlock to stop his brain from cracking his skull open and run out of the front door.
But this can't work, can it? Because Mrs Hudson is clinging on John's arm as if she could fall anytime soon and she breathes too loudly and the fog is clouding his brain and eyes and-
«Alright, alright Sherlock. Calm down, stay put.» A firm hand takes his pulse. John's hand? Rough but clean, nails cut short. John's.
in the slightest, but he doesn't want to die.
You two need to cooperate. I know this is hard for you, but-»
He didn't expect his dead best friend to show up at his table the night he decided to make the
Nightmare.
«I believe I miscalculated. He's been so good at keeping this kind of episode at bay for the last years, I didn't think it would be necessary to inform you of their existence.» he is careful in lowering Sherlock in a fetal position on the bed, holding his head with one palm until it rests on the pillow.
«And what? Stating the truth? Please, John. You are shaking, your hands can't stand still for a moment. Your body is betraying you.» he spits it out like an insult, but his chest hurts because
Sherlock knows the tone too well, memories of childhood full of whispered diagnosis exchanged between Mummy and the doctors, lips moving carefully while Mycroft covered his ears with both of his hands, holding his little brother close to his chest while matching his back and forth rocking. «You don't need labels, little brother.» it's what he said to him during the bad moments.
Always. He always cared.
He never says it.
So that's what John thinks of him? A junkie, nothing else?
Yes, what is this about? God knows.
«How the
«I did not agree with my brother's plan, John.»
He gave up so easily, swallowed that miserable act like a medicine for his rampant depression. Not even fucking Anderson believed that shit. But John did. He
BANG of a fist against the table.
because
«Couple of months of torture taught me how to clean up after myself.»
» John told him that, he remembers. «
John watches as his friend shrinks in size under his sudden mood swing. He never does that. It's not a Sherlock thing to do, being...shaken by people. He rarely has
«Sherlock?» Lestrade, again. His voice is hammering at the back of his head. «Try not to poison John's shampoo, will ya?» a smug smile on his face. Why is he smiling.
But his thoughts get shaken out of his brain by the violent shaking of his head that keeps saying no to every single molecule of this place Right and left right and left no
It's a death wish. John looks at the flat with a fist in his throat, every breathe taken stops midway. Sherlock would never try to kill himself. He would never, right? Sure, his lifestyle is not
«I'm sorry, Sherlock.» an unspoken
. He moved a lot
More groaning, shuffling of the coat missing the hanger and slipping on the floor. Door closing. Irregularities in the walk.
«Go away.» he spits through gritted teeth. His hands are shaking again, laid by his sides. He catches John glaring at them and tries to hide them in the pokets. «Leave, now. It's not your home anymore.»
«Have you seen him, honestly? Does he look like his normal self, John?» she shakes her head with sadness, wipes her eyes with the back of her aging hands. «He's so lost, I don't know what to do.»
This conversation is empty. This is tirying. He needs to recollect and elaborate his thoguhts because his brain is storming. His mind is overloaded with informations and odours and noises and
Stupid, stupid,
«Do you think you're going to ask me questions or may I consider myself free?» his voice is only slightly annoyed, just the right bit of annoyance he used to put to piss off John.
Alert! He hears the doors shutting down, hallways preparing to the incoming data. He'll need another isolation cell, padded and soundproof.
he's afraid of the answer. He feels anxiety crawling under his skin like cockroaches in a decaying corpse, his head feels light.
Doesn't he?
John is angry at him. Stupid, stupid Sherlock! Of course he's angry. Of course apologising has not been enough! He hurt John, stil hurts him.
That night his facade held for mere minutes before the breakdown burst.
«John?»
«Sherlock.»
All the love,
Dilated pupils are staring at him, studying reactions and movements, following his emotions with a tilt of the head that resemble one of an animal. He looks like a feline, eyes dark and scanning maniacally John's features. His hand lowers.
She is real, she is alive. It's not a nightmare or a drug-fueled hallucination. Mary exists in John's world.
«I lost the war, John. I made a mistake, I am sorry.»
This is the John he used to be. Before Sherlock, before returning to London among civilians. The Army doctor with anger managment issues. The soldier with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. The one who visited a therapist twice a week to avoid shooting a screaming homeless man on the other side of the road and to stop shoving himself on the ground in a protection position everytime a car's engine would fail and let out a loud bang.
to be delicate. He even dressed up. He thought that after two years John was going to welcome him.
. The shards stabs right into his grey matter. He can feel the blood boiling and the pressure behind his eyes skyrocketing. Nothing of it shows on the outside of his flesh shell. «Oh, am I? I don't resemble seeing you frequently in this flat these days.» is his voice composed? Steady. Yes. Maybe. Maybe not, judging from John's short intake of air. Surprise? He's taken aback.
«Look, if you wan-need me to stay you just need to tell. Just stop taking the piss, it's becoming tiring and I have no energy for your games.»
The whole scene makes John's stomach twists.
It's like being at school all over again, Mrs Chambers would yell at him in front of the whole class trying to get Sherlock to look up at her. Results? Never.
A phone rings, sudden and loud and it makes the detective jumps out of his skin. John's eyes pity him, sadness washing over his face as he reaches for his pocket. He eyes the caller, lets out a deep sigh. Again. «It's Mary. Just-wait a second.» and he's out of the kitchen, a weird new pitched voice answering the phone, sweet words of nothing trying to calm the woman down.
He didn't expect everyone to accept him with open arms.
Silence is thick but not heavy.
Teeth sulking in the soft flesh.
He wants to run away. His hands are trembling.
«Sarah? She's nice, I see why he would get a crush on her, I mean i have a crush on her too so it's not lik- »
Anyway.
but Sherlock reeks of alchool and is close, so incredibily close
» he's whispering in Mycroft's ear, the man head forced back on Sherlock's shoulder by a strong hold on his hair.
Brain's foggy. Heart alerted. Alert, alert.
. He didn't know what scared them. He was the one who should have been afraid. But he wasn't, was he?
Past couple of days have been a ridiculous attempt to avoid John's gaze. His eyes are always busying one something too important to look at John.
«It is a problem, Sherlock. Normal people do not keep human parts in the fridge. I got over the normal part, but at least clean the damn fridge when they start decomposing!» he's not looking at John, but he can see behind his eyelids the tendons tensing in his neck, the small vein popping up on his left temple. He's probably gesticulating a lot too.
Damn John.
It started with a petty comment about Mary waiting for him in bed and ended with him kneeling in front of the toilet. Mary watched powerless, hand rubbing his shaking back. That night Sherlock was like a bottle of scotch, keeping John up all night and making his stomach distort in waves of nausea.
«Check her hands and bag, husband was allergic to something, she puts it in his saop. Separate soaps, really? And separate beds too, according to the king sized bed. Only one side looks freshly done, the other one wasn't slept on. Look at his left hand, the ring is not even o the tan line of his ring finger. An hot shower would have floated his hands, the ring couldn't have slipped from its place. He took it off, didn't mean to spend the night out and was in hurry to go back home before the poor wife debunked the affair. He was sleeping in another woman's bedroom. Wife discovered, went out to buy what she used to trigger the anaphylactic shock, waited in her car for him to arrive home. Is that what couples do? Love must be so boring.» boring boring boring «I have to go.»
John waves and hurries through the door. Sherlock lifts his eyes from the words he isn't reading. «I prefer my doctor well rested too.» it's just a murmur.
This is the first time John's brain screams red in alert.
Are his lips able to move? Chapped, a thin layer of blood covers them. «'Dunno. Everything.» breathe in, breathe out.
He's alone as he was in the cell. He can still smell the faint stench of urine and blood and vomit and death. He can feel the leather on his back, the metal on his hands, the chains holding his whole body up.
Is John eating? Should Sherlock eat? He'd eat if John was here.
One bottle for every night he spent up late with memories tormenting his sleep, flashabcks digesting the food so he could easily pour it out in the toilet.
«And is there a reason you need a drink every two hours, or is it just bad habits taking my place?» and at that Mycroft just leaves, because he knows where this is going to end. He stands up without a word, umbrella tapping against the floor and towards the door.
But Sherlock is here, quite alive- as in breathing and beating- and he still looks like death. His skin is almost transparent, purple bags under his spent eyes, lips tinted in a pale blue. He looks more dead now than laying on the concrete pavement of the walkway under Bart's.
am i supposed to behave in a situation like this?» he manages to keep his voice low, but the anger linger between the words.
Sherlock spent two years around the world, trying to stay away from London. He tried hard, he's been to the point of crying in frustration because no matter where he was, he would always find himself at an airport, fighting the need to change the destination of his ticket.
«Sherlock, Sherlock wake up.» as soon as John's hands touch the younger man, he starts screaming again, fresh tears sliding down his cheeks.
«Neces-» John stands up suddenly, fists tight. «What the hell is wrong with you all, exactly? Is there one of you who is normal or-? »
What? No, case. He searches through the mail, then through the emails. Did the phone buzzed?
he wasn't really going to jump off that building.
in a fading red light.
Don't touch don't touch.
He pretended to be dead for two years.
What are they talking about? Why are they even talking? Does he look sad? He tries to smile convincingly at them.
Eyeroll, the fork hits the plate and lets out a loud clink. «Is this important? Why is it important? I've already told you that I am not looking for any kind o- »
Eyes shut, but he can see in the back of his eyelids Mrs Hudson moving things around in her tiny kitchen, cutlery clinking loudly in the sink, the plates sliding against each other and hitting the table surface with a muffled screeching.
New jumper, raw fabric. Not his style, the colours clearly don't celebrate his complexion or his hair so
Another fix, another fix. But he can't bring himself to a stop, he knows he's making sounds and he can't control them. He feels vibrations in his chest, violent shakes going through his body, his back hits the bedpost with every oscillation. Back and forth.
eight
do you want.» he needs his hands, he needs his fingers to be healthy and safe. No serious injury, check. Red lines on his skin, no blood, check. Burning pain, check. Damn John.
«Right...» chair's legs grinds against the floor, he sits. «Listen, I just want to get this off my chest, »
It feels like being forced awake for seven days, chained by his wrist and pushed into insanity. It feels like razors on his tongue, between his toes. Like knives on his chest and arms, like hard leather on his back. Blood on his urine-soaked clothes.
«He will suffer from this and I trust you to be here to help.»
«I am going to touch your hands, alright?» and he feels rough hands gently grasping his lightly wet ones.
«I believe he is, Mrs Hudson.» the brother pokes his head over Sherlock's shoulder and listen to the breathing pattern, slow and
. «NO! What I
» the doctor lifts his eyes from the screen. «What are you talking about?»
It's a yell that surely got Mrs Hudson alerted.
«What th-Are you serious?» he doesn't wait for Sherlock's answer, his ice cold eyes already setting him on fire with hatred. «Alright! God help me, you're unreal.»
Tap tap tap, index and thumb index and thumb
He can't stop feeling like this. What is this? He's ashamed. What is this? What is he doing what is he doing
The flat is silent. There is no clattering of glass recipients coming from the kitchen, it's been few weeks since she last heard that. There is no violin, no noises coming from the tv, no smoke of cigarette lingering in the air.
There is no answer to that. They all stand in silence, John and Mycroft exchanging looks of understanding. Sherlock is stone cold, eyes studying the pattern of John's shoes, squeezing now and then with question that are bombarding his brain.
«Oh, I see! So
Sherlock's been sleeping for the past hour. John sits quietly next to him on the bed, laptop on his knees. Mycroft brought a chair in the room and is sitting in a corner.
« don't laugh at me when i ask. If I am wrong, just tell me and I'll leave you to your work.»
«It's Greg.»
«You can't stop being a smartass for a moment, can you?!»
answering John's choleric questions. John can't hear him.
«No, just-» his eyebrows are furrowed, lips tense and tongue sticks out rapidly for a moment. «I am going out, just wanted to let you know or you'd wake up to an empty flat and would alert you brother that someone kidnapped me.»
His wrong conclusions hurt John the most. Hurt him with the weight of a gun pressed coldly between the doctor's tongue and the soft roof of his mouth. Like an empty bottle crushed on the floor and drunk steps walking over the sharp glass.
John drank. A lot. At night.
and closes the distance between them with three steps. «THIS IS WHAT I AM TALKING ABOUT!» he anxiously dabs the blood with a used paper napkin, crumbs of pastries falling on the floor. Sherlock's mouth feels dry. «Sherlock, you can't do this. You can't be alone, please let us help you.»
He sits up, picks up the shoes from the floor. Is he really going to do this? Yes.
And maybe because every time he sees Sherlock crumbling apart, sliding on the floor, clutching at his own hair with desperation and gasping for air, he sees himself in his old room, gun pointed at the roof of his mouth, hands trembling and panic raising. And oh, how he wished he had a Sherlock by his side.
His nose fills up with dust at every intake of air, he can feel the weeks of closed windows compromising his flesh and lungs and blood and he feels so dirty inside
Shutting up seems convenient. After few minutes Sherlock starts calming down.
Thin like the sharp blades that wrote on his skin.
He does notice.
Mycroft's cuffs are up to his elbows, hands are cautiously reacing for Sherlock's. «Sherlock, it's fine. It's me.»
The dark mop of dirty curls hangs low, chin against the chest, hands finally losing their fight against Mycroft.
«Sherlock! What's going on? Not agai-Mycroft?» John glares alarmed at the man and then back on his panicking friend. «Sherlock, look at m-»
This is going to be bad. Bad bad bad. Count, count the dishes Mrs Hudson is washing downstairs. Count the many shades of red of the carpet. Count the smells from the kitchen. Find ten objects of many uses all standing in the same spot of the flat. Single out the mud stains on the shoes left by the door.
Sherlock yelps and shoves the guy as hard as he can, dislodging himself momentarily.
John gives a frustrated exhale through his nose. “What? You can’t mean that. You’re drunk, or inhibited at the very least.”
Luckily, Coach Lestrade’s house is enormous, which means plenty of alcoves and bedrooms and other places for Sherlock to sneak off to.
He bites his bottom lip and squirms, but equally can’t seem to tear his eyes away from this young man’s powerful body and tanned face.
She walks up behind John and places a perfectly manicured hand on his shoulder in an unmistakably possessive gesture.
The question catches Sherlock fantastically off-guard and his mouth drops open. John certainly didn’t mean to offend but Sherlock can’t help but sit back, stiffer than before. He knows very well that cheerleading takes greater proficiency and skill in certain areas than those required by dance. Sherlock’s mind suddenly conjures up unbidden images of Mary performing incredible aerial and acrobatic stunts and John slack-jawed and awed by her.
They remain smiling at one another even after the laughter passes in a moment of affectionate silence. There’s a sheen of sweat across John’s forehead and a dark patch underneath each of his arms. Observing him, Sherlock sees some of his red and white sequins have become attached to his green checkered shirt.
A head of blonde curls pops up. Sherlock rolls his eyes. It’s Mary Morstan. She’s one of those girls who does cheerleading, dance, color guard, rotating around as the male athletic schedule dictates. Right now she’s a cheerleader, dressed in her cheerleading outfit, a red and black skirt of the university’ colors and a halter top plunging low enough to give ample view of the tops of her breasts. Sherlock hates to admit it, but having seen her at dance practice a time or two, she’s probably the second best dancer in the entire university.
Sherlock pulls away, nose scrunching up. “If you think I’m going to take another drink of that vile liquid you’re dumber than you look.” He says between breaths.
“See!” Janine screams triumphantly. “I told you. The boy’s just a lightweight.”
He tries to yank his hand back but is once again overcome with another wave of dizziness and Mary’s grip is surprisingly strong. The crowd is gathering at this point, making it harder for them to maneuver. Evidently John’s presence has jump-started a commotion of sorts. People are shoving at him and blocking their exit through the hallway. Undeterred, however, Mary continues pulling him with her, and Sherlock quickly turns back to look at those gorgeous ocean blue eyes one last time.
Anger flickers inside the boy, pushing him to exclaim, “Why did you stop?”
Finally Janine pipes up. “Oh that was nothing but a little spat between dance team members. Don’t worry about it.” She says dismissively. “Sherly here was just being a little brat. Weren’t you, dear?”
Sherlock glares at her and she glares right back.
John gently rubs across the bruised area, sending even more sparks cascading down his spine.
“What are you doing?” He blinks.
John chuckles deeply as he tosses away the bandaid. “You’re a vain little tart, aren’t you?” But there’s no heat to his words and Sherlock finds himself bursting into small, tickled giggles as well.
“Drunk? Oh please. He only had a single shot.” Janine exclaims, looking around the room for the other boys’ approval.
Sherlock wants to question him further, ask him for each precise routine he was performing, when and where, so he can go back and try and remember if that instance was indeed one of his better performances. What if it was lackluster? What if John hasn’t even seen him at his peek abilities? Sherlock is overcome with the desire to show off to John right now in this bedroom. There’s not a ton of room for most things but he can show him how flexible he is. Flips and twists and such. That would mean leaving the divine heat of John’s presence, however, and Sherlock isn’t ready to do that. He’s also still rather tipsy and he’s afraid of making even the smallest mistake in front of John.
He rolls his pale blue eyes.
He doesn’t like strangers and he hates large rowdy parties even more. But Irene had told him in no uncertain terms he would be cut from the dance team if he didn’t attend tonight’s post-game party. It’s the first football game of the season and the Reichenbach Bulls having won handily means all dancers and cheerleaders are expected to attend their victory celebration.
“Talk!” He practically shrieks. “We’ve been talking for the last twenty minutes. Then you decided to be an idiot. Now. Let. Me. Down.” He hits John square in that stupid wide jaw of his but the jock doesn’t yield an inch, the muscle there just twitching instead.
“That’s quite a mark you’ve got there. Looks like the skin’s broken.” John says, not unkindly, and completely ignoring Mary. His hand rises and comes oh so close to Sherlock’s pale face, hovering a centimeter away, stopping itself from touching. Sherlock blinks and blinks and blinks and his mind momentarily stops working. A bloom of something bright, something new, something dangerous, flares in his stomach at this man’s attention.
A wave of dizziness overcomes him and he has to let the wall hold him up
He takes a deep breath and steps back, out from the gloriously strong arms, shaking his curly head. He feels like a fool. Keeping John from doing his duty.
“Maybe I
“Probably because most of the others only took a year or so of gymnastics, if that. I doubt Janine even knows how to do a roundoff.”
“Go ahead. Go ahead and tell her to kick me off the team.” Sherlock’s voice rises in pitch as he becomes more vociferous. “You’ll all be losing the best dancer and she knows it. Get rid of me and what, keep you? You can barely do a split and my dog has more rhythm -”
It tastes even more nasty than it smells. He starts coughing. Janine and the players all chuckle as Sherlock coughs harder now, bent double, the concoction burning his throat as it goes down.
John doesn’t seem to buy it. He goes back to addressing the young men. “Oh, I see. I get it now. You guys thought it would be funny to get him drunk. And then what? Throw him to the wolves. The boy’s clearly already had too many. What the fuck were you thinking?”
John shakes his head and growls. “No way he’s only had one drink. Just look at him, he can barely stand up straight.”
the way down his long skinny legs, and back up again. Any other man doing such a thing would make him feel dirty, but there’s such a kind expression in this man’s eyes, he doesn’t ogled for the sake of making sexual advances. He stares because he’s genuinely appreciating; and Sherlock feels genuinely appraised and praised.
“What are you doing, John?” Mary’s voice is sharp as a tack. Sherlock notes a slight flinch John makes at the tone she uses upon saying name. Thankfully his steadfastness seems dauntless.
Sherlock tries again.
should have another drink.” He struts up to the door, his firm ass cheeks swaying with his model-walk, as John keeps in step right behind him.
Sherlock’s nose crinkles in anger. “That doesn’t mean anything.” He spits.
The man is wearing a black leather donkey jacket over a tight hunter-green checkered shirt. He looks attractive and casual and Sherlock blushes like a schoolgirl at how ridiculous he must look in his slutty outfit in comparison.
There’s a loud snarling sound behind him. “Like fuck you will.” In a flash, John is back at Sherlock’s side, and this time Sherlock doesn’t need to be drawn close; he instinctively leans against the young man’s muscular frame, ready to melt into it, but abruptly Sherlock feels two hands tucking themselves behind his upper thighs and lifting him clear up off the ground. Sherlock gives a startled squeak that quickly resolves into a small giggle, either from the shock of the action or alcohol in his system or both.
He’s just made it up to the third floor, having only having gotten groped twice, and sees several possible options for empty rooms when a girl’s hand wraps around his wrist.
Right then John turns back to look at him. “How many drinks have you had? It’s all right. You can tell me the truth. No one is going to judge you.”
So how many should he say then? Eight - no that’s too high. Five? Sounds made up. Six then - ah yes six sounds reasonable.
“Huh? No, but don’t you want to cover it up?”
“You should lie down until your head is no longer fuzzy.” Crap. He did notice then.
“Is it still bleeding?”
Sherlock’s mind reels, going through the names he’s heard of. He’s never cared one whit about the football players to keep them in his memory. He’s always been too busy making sure he outshines all the other dancers. He finds himself now needing, absolutely needing, to recall any information he can about John...
And yes, in truth, one of the reasons he chose Reichenbach University was the renown of their dance team, which incorporates more tumbling and leaping skills than most others. Even still,  there’s no denying cheerleading is a more athletic sport. But he couldn’t imagine ever
Sherlock’s eyes snap open to find John looking distraught. “Fine. Gimme a second. I’ll be there shortly.”
A flash of real anger swipes across John’s features before he shouts, “Fine.”
He’s been lifted plenty of times in his life, a career of gymnastics and dance and ballet will do that to any child, but never has he been picked up and carried in such a smooth show of strength. There’s a split second where his legs dangle in between them, and then, as if acting on their own accord they fall open, wide to accommodate John’s form, and then wrap themselves around the man’s middle.
With that John carries Sherlock out through the back entrance of the kitchen, pushing past the now maddening horde of teens and young adults and even a few middle-aged adults, all shouting  things to each other or to John or to Sherlock. Sherlock blocks them out all too easily, giddily grinning the whole way, and, going by the broad grin on John’s face, he does too.
you to take advantage of me, you idiot.”
dancing is amazing. I didn’t mean to imply otherwise, I just meant… I just thought… cheerleading is usually so sought after.”
“Yeah. Er, I mean sure, here and there, you know.”
“You’re a senior, biology and anatomy double major, pre-med if I’m not mistaken. Recently you were dating Nancy Harvey - no Kimberly Shockley - no Anthea Avery…” He blinks rapidly when he catches the look John is giving him. “Sarah Sawyer and Gretchen Paulson, they -” Sherlock swallows. “You get talked about a lot is all. You’re very popular,” he mumbles, blushing furiously.
Great. Now Sherlock is stuck. What he said is only the very obvious truth but then John does seem like one of those humble types. Sherlock just listed off a number of his previous girlfriends - and they were just the ones he heard them talk about since the semester started - but John had appeared embarrassed more than anything, very rare for a jock of his position.
John quirks his mouth and his eyebrows form a single line.
“Don’t worry about it, Watson. We’ll take care of doll baby here.” Two of the guys from the kitchen suddenly emerge on either side of him and take a hold of different parts of Sherlock’s body, drawing him inside the kitchen and towards the far back table in an alcove. He can feel the distance between he and John grow, and hears a rush of people fill in that distance. Sherlock sighs. Surely it can’t be all that bad. Perhaps John will come back soon. He’s dealt with idiotic dancers and gymnasts all his life. These dullards can’t be much worse. Just as he thinks this, one of them grabs at the globes of his ass.
That Sherlock is only a freshman and has already made it onto the varsity team is remarkable enough, practically unheard of, but it means his position is more tenuous than most, as Irene Adler, their team leader, likes to remind him daily. Dealing with jealousy and backstabbing is as part of Sherlock’s routine now as his warm-up exercises. He can deal with that sort of thing; he dealt with it all through high school after all. But it’s Irene’s devilish smirk anytime he does something out of line that twists his nerves. He’s dangling from a thin piece of string and above him Irene’s holding a pair of scissors.
“No, but you are younger than most kids here. Seriously, you look about 12. How are you already in college?"
“Hmm. Well let’s attend to your cheek then shall we?”
John chuckles as he applies some neosporin on the small cut. “That’s right.”
John gives her a steely look and she sputters on. “We were just trying to be nice to the boy and give him a drink. He flipped out on us and started verbally abusing me.” She adds defensively.
“Still. Shame she was able to leave any mark at all on such a remarkably pretty face.” His voice is lower with an unmistakable husky tinge to it that causes Sherlock’s eyes go wide and he has to turn away, his face flushing a bright pink.
It backfires. Rather than looking
“He’s in no state to
John’s brow knit in confusion, his shoulders rising. “Are you sure? I don’t want to leave you alone like this.”
John pulls away suddenly, and Sherlock’s eyes flutter open to find the man looking of all things abashed.
“Well, I know a little about you, too, you know. You’re Sherlock Holmes, and you’re new to the varsity team, yeah? You’re also a freshman which is incredible.” He looks right into Sherlock’s eyes when he adds, “But then anyone having seen you dance knows what an astonishing dancer you are.”
A smiling, rugged face with broad, handsome features and navy blue eyes with hair a mix of all types of browns, mostly light and medium. But so many shades, oh Sherlock wishes he could spend his lifetime naming each color of each thick short strand.
“Hold on, Sherlock. Stop that. I’ll let you down but we need to talk first.”
John’s face turns ruddier at this too, and now it’s his turn to look elsewhere, focusing on removing the wrapper from a small bandaid.
“Yeah, just as I thought. It’s starting to bleed. She must have hit you pretty hard.” John’s eye-crinkling smile and his deep calming voice is so soothing that if it were not for the fact Sherlock feels obliged to correct his statement he would probably drift off there and then.
John doesn’t stop until he reaches the third floor, back where Sherlock almost made it before. The man has clearly been here several times in the past; he walks right up to the second to the last door on the right and opens it. He flicks on the light and Sherlock lets his eyes flutter to adjust to the semi-darkness. His insides are still floating on a mushy boat of happiness when he looks over his shoulder to see a vacant, darkened bedroom.
Janine snarls. She launches herself to attack him but Sherlock staggers back just in time to escape her second strike. He stumbles, though, quite thoroughly, and falls backwards onto something large and hard and very, very warm. It’s a chest - a man’s chest, which, he’s guessing must be attached to the two strong hands that suddenly enclose around his hips, holding him upright.
“Anyways, let’s finish fixing you up.” John pulls off the ends of the band aid he’s been holding and reaches for his cheek. Sherlock pulls back.
“Come on, posh boy, bottoms up.” Janine says with a knowing wink.
He reaches inside the top drawer and pulls out a small first aid kit, busying himself by going through what’s available. Sherlock meanwhile is suddenly painfully aware that they’re alone. He’s never been alone with an upper-classman before, let alone a football player. He nibbles at his bottom lip and studies the handsome jock now tearing open an alcohol prep pad. A warm strong hand suddenly cups the back of Sherlock’s neck.
Sherlock’s mouth falls open slightly. If it had been any other person he’d have lied on the spot. He’s rather good at lying and this John Watson, though he may be extremely good-looking, appears to be quite gullible.
With the exception of his mom and his mom alone, no one has ever defended Sherlock like this. He bites his bottom lip and turns his head, doing his utmost best not to blush.
He flings open the door to the hateful sounds of the jocks and girls screaming below and another fog comes inside his head.
“Enough of all this nonsense. Sherlock, I happen to know Irene wants you out back with the lower classmen. She’s got a meet-and-greet planned for you there.”
More people crowd in around them. More people and more voices. This time they’re calling for John. “Yo Watson, Coach wants us downstairs.”
John's brows draw close. "Doesn't matter. You are young. Too young to be drunk and messing with this crowd."
He steps back and Sherlock immediately hops off the counter, and wobbles so minutely he doubts John even notices.
It’s not tiny but it’s not large either. Sherlock deduces it must be a seldom used guest room. There’s a full sized bed and a large mirrored dresser, as well as a small half bathroom attached, but otherwise there’s little in the way of furniture. John sits Sherlock on the bathroom counter and sadly Sherlock must drop his legs in response. He’s strangely relieved when John doesn’t move out of the space between his thighs though.
John’s eyes suddenly narrow, his brow furrows in anger. “Did someone hit you?”  He looks over at the pack of players lounging around the kitchen area. They immediately scramble and exclaim their innocence.
Sherlock wiggles his hips once he knows he won’t fall and the man eventually gets the idea and releases him. He quickly spins around, ready to give this Watson a piece of his mind when he’s struck momentarily speechless, his mouth falling open. Before him is the most gorgeous man he’s ever seen in his life.
Sherlock gasps.
“You’re John Watson, Captain of the football team!” He cries out unexpectedly.
“Will you stop acting crazy for one second,” John growls. “All I want to say if for you to be careful.” His mouth is a tight grimace when he adds, “You don’t know how bad some of theses parties can get.”
“Steady there.” A voice rumbles in his ear. It has a deep, gravelly pitch to it that is both sexy and comforting, the combination immediately sending shivers down Sherlock’s spine and flank. Unbidden, he inhales the spicy scent of his cologne; it adds to his already spinning head.
Meanwhile, John glares and saunters right by him. He gets several steps ahead when he stops and turns. “Maybe it’s a good thing you aren’t a cheerleader after all.” He grits thickly before continuing down the hallway.
Her simpering smile falls like a hammer. “Careful there sweet cheeks. You don’t want me to report back to Irene how naughty you were. She’ll cut you faster than you can say ‘pirouette.’”
“Oi’ Watson, where’ve you been, mate?” One of the boys in the kitchen hollars. The others grin and whoop.
“I don’t mind.” Sherlock’s eyes leap up at that, John’s guttural voice triggering something deliciously unfamiliar and sensual inside his stomach. John’s eyes are dark, twinkling suggestively. Sherlock swallows.
