, and he thinks he deserves a reward for fixing his fight with Steve. The one good thing to come out of his late night, and he’s happy that it’s this.
Steve flanks Tony all through the lobby, glaring at anyone who dares come too close, Happy at Tony's other side glancing suspiciously at the other men in black scattered around. They both usher him into the elevators, their insistence on guarding him was endearing despite his own insistence that these press conferences were the most boring, uneventful events.
He rubs his bleary eyes, staring at the bright yellow beak of the brown eagle that towers above him.
And then, a more jarring realisation. It's not just grief behind the heaviness. It's war, and the weight of firing a gun, of putting your hand on a pulse and finding nothing.
When night fades into morning and Steve invariably finds him with darkening bags under his eyes, he can't find it in himself to feel guilt, because there were many things he regretted, but this? This was him trying to fix everything. Steve - the traitor - calls Rhodey home, somehow getting Rhodey permanently assigned as Stark Industries' military liaison.
He can picture it: a hundred more fights like this in the future, a thousand more mornings spent with Tony sneaking towards him and Steve holding out a hand for him to take. His boyfriend? partner? Maybe even husband, one day.
Did he hit his head too hard or does Steve look even more delicious all mussed up like this? Either way, a date sounds great if he discarded all the reasons it isn't. Like the fact he doesn't know whether Steve is into men, much less men as disastrous as himself. But being as disastrous as he is, the word slips out of him.
“Not until I know these kids are going to be safe.” A scuffle. Something falling? Then, “Steve, is Sam there?”
“Tell me when you finally score first base,” Tony grins, shutting the door before Steve can indignantly reply. Liberty climbs onto Steve’s lap, her warm body a comfort after the chill outside he hadn’t noticed.
paramedic in the ambulance, he checks the appropriate boxes. “No loitering in my ER,” he tells the firefighter. That is usually enough to get people to scram, but by the boots at edge of Tony’s vision, the man is still loitering. Tony sighs. “Either you’re here to watch until Officer Danvers comes to arrest your guy for arson, or you’re trying to give me his patient details.”
Steve moves Tony’s fingers until he can see the engraving between them. “Rogers-Stark,” he reads out, making sure to give Tony a happy smile. “Why not Stark-Rogers?”
“No,” Tony admits, because it's the truth. even now, he can see the strain that his crusade is putting on Steve: the late nights and the ever-present worry when their dinner dates inevitably get cut short.
The smile Obie makes is tight, and the hand on Tony's shoulder squeezes harder. “And Rogers uses his shield as a weapon. Sometimes compromise is needed. You’re still so young.”
That’s more than Obie’s ever given him, and contrary to popular belief, Tony does know when to back down. The art of war: pushing too far might make things go the opposite way.
Tony waves it away, ordering his own martini from the bar. "I know you can't tell me your secrets, I just - I need to not. To not."
been in a fling during college, he's learned that Whitney and Ty were two peas in a pod better left far, far away.
To be more precise: there is a fluffy doll. In the shape of an eagle. That happens to be twelve feet tall.
They take the Bugatti down the scenic route, the remains of their burger wrappers tossed by Steve's feet, the windows rolled down to take in the sea breeze.
Natasha fills in the gaps, words tinged with dreadful realisation. “Either puncture your abdomen further or break Steve’s spine.”
“Fine,” Tony adds, “I’ll stay here one more day as long as you keep up the pudding supply – I need the recipe, by the way, and I’ll build a machine to keep making it.”
How does Tony tell him that if this blows in any of their hands, there's no surviving at such close proximity?
Steve’s blue eyes find his, piercing and searching. “Then do something else. You like playing the piano. Be a musician. Or an astronaut,” he pauses, considering. “Or a florist.”
Still, if Pepper thinks it deserves further digging, Steve isn't about to leave a stone unturned after nearly a month of no useful leads.
He’s fortunate enough that Steve has finally given him access to a StarkPad, especially since Steve’s trip for food had taken longer than expected, leaving Tony to mull his thoughts alone.
Now openly staring at Steve in confusion, fighting hard against the urge to lean into Steve's hand, Tony props himself up on his elbows and ignores the fine pieces of rubble digging into his skin.
A junior agent scuttles forward, handing Steve a large, round packet before helping her up, draping his suit jacket around her to help with the shock.
Billy perks up. "Like a guardian angel," the boy's eyes are wide as saucers, no longer suspicious of Steve.
“Fine,” Tony gives up, abandoning his empty coffee cup. Walking slowly, he pauses to tap at DUM-E’s arm. “No touching Steve’s gift. You hear me?”
All that matters is that no one other than Tony is going to die because of him today, and all that's left now is to wait for Steve to give in.
That hadn't helped at all. Anything he tried to paint wounded up being too close to a goatee for comfort.
Tony swallows. Small mercies. At least it’s Natasha that he has to break the news to, not Rhodey. She understands at least the desperate need to wipe a ledger, to make up for a lifetime of doing things wrong, and dammit, Tony wants to live. He wants to spend more nights in Steve’s arms and more breakfasts with his mismatched family fighting over pancakes and more hours sitting around in the common floor instead of locking himself away in the labs.
“I’m sorry I can’t meet Bucky,” Tony mumbles into the phone. Someday soon, Tony was going to invent a better, slimmer, smarter phone that could be snuck around anywhere, so he could call Steve any time without worrying that anyone else would discover this. Someday soon, he'd make a better phone for Steve.
"I don't want bed," Tony rasps out. He wants - he had another ring made: similar to Maria's but more understated, one small diamond embedded in a golden band. A star to shine on Steve's hand, an anniversary gift with a promise of more years to come.
veterinary place to go to in New York, and Steve wants only the best after all that Liberty’s done for him.
decided to put me through team training,” Tony rolls his eyes half-heartedly, “and I’m tired as hell and my back hurts, and my boyfriend – sorry, my fiancé,” he corrects with a bright grin aimed at Steve, “was ignoring me for some lame news. Had to get his attention somehow.”
. Steve jumps up. The whole station is a mess – Steve hasn't cleaned up from Thor and Bruce's arm wrestling last night.
To put it kindly, Steve was relieved that Tony wouldn’t have to spend so many hours cooped up alone in the labs when Colonel Rhodes was there with him.
He could’ve gone to research, churning out medical patents for a fortune, but he had put himself under Doctor Hank Pym’s strict tutelage, proving himself as an intern in cardiology, climbing the ranks until he’d gotten to be SHIELD Memorial’s new leading emergency response doctor.
Tony considers saying no again, unwilling to have his worlds collide. Steve was his past, meant to be kept in sepia smiles and the ceaseless tug of yearning nostalgia.
Back then, at sixteen years old and his traitorous AI child only a fickle of his imagination, Tony had hacked into the Pentagon, scouring for details on the supersoldier program Howard had been obsessively working on and Steve had been enlisted in.
"No, I just - " he taps on one of the pictures. A selfie with a supermodel. He scrolls down a few days. Snapshots of some welding gear. A newspaper report about veterans and Captain America's legacy. Steve swallows. He scrolls down some more until he reaches the last picture. "JARVIS, is this what I think this is?"
i hope all of you are doing alright :) there's some explosions and a bit of injury that happens and is resolved in this chapter, and this fic has somehow turned into a pseudo bodyguard au on top of everything, so i hope you enjoy this unusually long entry <3
Or several, to be exact. They’ve changed over the course of time, but at fifteen, in a school he loves to hate, he has three most important rules.
“I can. I want what’s best for all of us. Including Steve." A pause, another puff of smoke. "Tony, you remember what your mother was like at the end of it, don’t you? Do you want that for Steve?”
Tony unfolds the screwdriver from the pocket knife, one hand wrapping around Carrie's trembling fingers as his other carefully dismantles the casing, wary of the stray duct tape. "You know, when all this is over," he begins lightly, switching the screwdriver into a mini wirecutter, "you should call Pepper."
The bottom edges of his white tank top gets pulled by the movement, showing a sliver of skin that Tony determinedly ignores.
"Indeed, Captain. However, the need to divert funds from the Jericho II line development meant the project faced roadblocks. Sir met with Mr. Stane to discuss the issue multiple times. The last was thirty seven hours before Sir's disappearance."
Steve squirms, realising the silliness of everything. "They could have just asked me," he mumbles grumpily.
Steve barks out a loud laugh, and when the wall shakes, showering more dust over them, he shields Tony's eyes with his hand, brushing away the dust that lands on his cheeks with a thumb.
He tries to reach back out to Steve, but the med wing blanket is heavy over his hand, so he leans his face into Steve’s touch and rasps out, in barely a whisper, “happy belated anniversary.”
Weeks of silence meant that Steve thought Tony had really built a pyre out of the old scraps of paper.
"We don't want this to escalate," Peggy warns. "If this was a sabotage, then who knows who else they're prepared to take out to keep their secrets at bay."
In his rush, Stark lets Steve help him put it on, but when Steve makes sure to smooth the coat over Stark’s shoulders, Stark stiffens until Steve lifts his hands again.
From this near, he can practically feel the buzz of Steve’s disapproval. “You’ve had more than enough cups in the past twenty four hours.”
work in kicking you out of here,” Tony points out, half joking, half worried. He doesn’t want Steve to leave, not when Tony’s only just found him.
But Tony, younger than even him, was the star of the school. Everyone flocked to the richest heir, even if Tony seemed to be content to stick with Tiberius Stone and Sunset Bain, uninterested in anyone else’s approaches.
December bleeds away to January, then the Winter into Spring, and Tony feels even more powerless. Every night that Steve tries to lure Tony into bed, Tony will lie awake until he's sure Steve is deep asleep, and he builds a shower in the workshop to wash the sex off him, shrugging on a ratty shirt to start hammering away at his projects.
,” Tony emphasizes. “I don’t date, but I’d be willing to make an exception. I mean – Liberty already made an exception for me. I figure it’s fair to return the favor.” Traitorously, Liberty moves to stand right next to Tony, her injured chest all but forgotten as she silently asks for a pat that Tony gives her.
Obadiah Stane doesn't budge in his seat at the other end of the conference table, lounging back with an air of tired indifference. "Ms. Carter, you have found no solid evidence for black market arms dealing in Stark Industries. Whoever was involved in bringing the weapons into enemy hands must be a third party."
“And if I don’t want to be anything?” Tony asks, the precipice looming. If he wasn’t born a Stark, how different would his life have been? He could be running with Steve through the city, trying to win teddy bears and relishing the thrill of rollercoasters, or staying late in libraries, dreaming up stories of other lands better than this. “I want to do normal things.”
He would have lashed out, angry at the world, angry at himself, angry at the uselessness of it all, the sinking feeling that no matter how much he did, it would end up as a zero sum.
Footsteps slow on the marble tile, Steve walks inside, taking the thirteen long strides to reach Tony. "Then let me help."
“Because I read up on you,” Steve admits sheepishly. “You design crutches for elephants, first aid kits to save gunned down wildlife.”
“He told me,” Steve ruffles Liberty’s fur to give his hands something to do. “Not the Christmas dinner part. The part where he doesn’t date.”
Second, try his best not to get attached. He’ll get out of the school soon enough, join the Army together with Bucky. The scholarship was only helpful to help lighten his Ma’s load. Becoming attached would only make his departure more difficult.
Tony squints at him uncertainly, silently, and in the end, it's Steve who gives Rhodey a small shake of his head. He wants to touch Tony, to hold him and to ask what the hell that light in his chest was, but this isn't about what Steve needs right now. Three months in the desert - his first priority has to be getting Tony to the closest airbase for a full medical check.
Putting down his phone, Steve glances back down to his post-it list, trying to put two and two together. Tony couldn't possibly – Tony couldn't possibly know about Steve's newfound crisis, could he?
“Why are you looking at me like that?” Tony asks, ready to strike back against whatever mockery might come.
"Peggy can pull some strings," Steve scrambles for anything to hold onto because Tony cannot be gone.
“Good, good. I’m proud. You’re way ahead of everyone already, Tony, but you can’t let yourself settle for less. You need to push for more, stay on top of the game. It’s a vicious world, and your father says Stark men are iron.”
Steve aches to go down when Bucky leaves the plane at Gulmira, but he doesn't. He gives Bucky a hug. "Don't you go missing too."
A shadow falls across Steve's eyes at the names. Nonetheless, he tries his best at giving Tony a smile. "Take care."
Genius and doubt and loneliness, the yearning for understanding, and the shining kindness amidst a defiant hope for the stars above.
Tony starts spending two evenings a week tucked in Steve’s dorm room. Wednesdays and Saturdays are the usual schedule. If it happens to coincide with Sunset’s abysmal piano practice sessions, well. Nobody can blame Tony for wanting to escape the harsh tunelessness of her attempts at playing waltzes.
The walls themselves are plain. Above the customary wardrobe installed in each room is a small suitcase. Tony frowns at it for a bit, wondering how Steve had climbed to put it up there, and whether all of Steve’s belongings really could fit in such a small space.
“Not why you’re trying to get yourself kicked out of here, though,” he tries to steer them back to the question at hand. “You have no friends here. Your books are barely unpacked. You’ve decided you’re not here to stay.”
Bucky cranks open another crate. His eyes meet Steve's, the consequences adding up in his head too, and the questions of
He steps away from Steve, slamming the drawer shut with a final thud. "Obie, I just finished. Are we taking separate cars?"
That's the furthest from the fire's start in Hammer's lab. None of the nurses hesitate, trusting his word.
Next to him, Rhodey nods. "We'll get some burgers flown in for you, if you can keep some food down."
He spends the rest of dinner wistful, the undercurrent of them dancing around each other less maddening than it should’ve been. If all this ends in dinner and them being friends, Steve will be… not pleased, no. He’ll be satisfied.
"Tony, you're running yourself ragged," Steve pleads for what must be the thousandth time. "You need to rest."
Those days, Tony will fly the armor, higher and higher until it strains its limits, no matter that the more he flies, the faster the poison crawls through his blood.
Then again, his mind rebelled, who would go on designing weapons and protection for a friend who left you ten years ago?
With the window blinds drawn up, Tony hisses at the sunlight that hits him as soon as the elevator doors open again, squinting to adjust his stinging eyes, until
The men have featured in so many of the newspaper clippings that Steve had hoarded in his ten years of service. He’s memorised the words on each of them, his newly enhanced memory capturing the precious few bits of news he’d managed to get during those months in the deserts.
More than ever, Steve is glad the world has been told that Captain America has retired, that his identity remains a secret. He still has faith for his country, but he doesn't think he can be Captain America when there is little in him that hopes for the future.
And yet, some days, when he sees Steve kissing another woman with all the gentleness that used to belong to Tony, the regret cloys thick in his lungs again, sending him reeling with all the weight of promises broken.
That hurts more than it should have. But at least Steve isn’t kicking Tony out or reporting him. Yet.
In the bustle of New York, that enjoyment often meant the famous Romanoff Bar, conveniently located three blocks down from the hospital, a midway point between Tony’s penthouse and work.
"And at long last it's a good impression," Howard grumbles, sending Steve's hackles up. No good would come of intervening right now, though, but Steve is close to throwing the greater good out of the door.
"I'm launching a new line of products," Tony rubs the back of his hand hard against his eyes to stay awake. "It'll be cheap. Clean. The best of the best."
Tony tips the envelope open, unfolding the crinkled paper that slides out. Its edges are yellowed, the date written out in looping letters declaring
" he spits out. "Why did you stop writing? Howard must have told you to stop, and since Howard thinks the sun shines out of your ass, you must have listened."
But he's trusted Steve with so much, it also feels like a long delayed conclusion, a stray puzzle piece settling into place. Some part of his heart would always bear Steve's mark: it was a battle he surrendered to a long time ago.
While it hurts, he's glad that at least Tony has someone who's clearly got his best interests at heart. He nods in understanding. "Could you tell him to at least not burn the letters before he reads them?"
He doesn't quite know what to reply to that. "Thor says hi," he offers instead. An olive branch, a new, neutral starting point.
Steve hums, indulgent. “Tony Stark, will you stop making yourself bleed out and start making yourself my husband?”
And the list gets longer the more that Steve notices. There’s clearly Pepper, whom Tony proposes to every day that it is near ritual for them, and Rhodey comes a close second.
"It is when it's with you." A pause, the thuds of Steve's heart coming a tiny bit faster in his ear. "Tony, you helped launch the Hubble. You figured out
It’s selfish, though, and Tony tries to stay silent, relishing the stolen moments of freedom he gets.
Then, he turns to his own letters, the ones that Tony had accused him of never writing, the ones that had come back to him after months of silence.
, the bold red letters of the magazine proclaim. Beneath them, the face of Doctor Stark with that curious goatee. A Van Dyke, apparently.
They trudge obediently along into an adjacent room, where bright letters and framed artwork adorn the walls. Upon closer inspection, the artwork displays crayon drawings with a mismatched vibrance that screams of innocence and dreams.
are wheezing right now, and if you died on me, I'd be a suspect. So let's keep me out of jail," Tony would push Steve out the door anyway.
"Tony," Steve stands up too, and suddenly he's standing in front of him, reaching out to take Tony's tangled hands, just as he'd always done when Tony had been frustrated as a child.
He considers the other boy from across the dining hall. He had piled Tony into the same boxes that he had put Tiberius and Sunset in, and yet, in the scant few months he had been in this hell of a place, Steve had found Tony to be simultaneously louder and quieter than all the rest.
Another sad beep. He ignores it for the moment, reaching out blindly for his coffee cup. It’s lighter than usual, which means – he sighs again, gritting his teeth against the headache building behind his eyes. Snapping his fingers at the more trustworthy U, he holds the cup in the air.
Tony runs a hand through his combed hair, sending Mr Jarvis' hard work on it down the drain. "Steve, if this recent wave protectiveness is over some sort of misplaced guilt, then you can stop it right now because nothing in this past year has been your fault. Not the Ritz, not this whatever it is going on with the company."
“Thor!” Steve commands, scaling up the ladder of the firetruck again. Third floor, Sam had said. “Clear me a path with the foam unit.”
Steve deserves someone to come home to at the end of his long shifts, not a doctor who gets called out for emergencies, who works into the night and who he won't be able to see often.
This - Tony can't do this anymore. Pretending that everything's fine when Steve is supposed to be searching for an arms dealer in Howard's company, when Tony's just read the letter that's - he waves the piece of paper in the air.
With pushing and pulling and renegotiating old government contracts, the item slips out of Tony's mind long enough that it's too late by the time he returns to it.
The sharp lance of fear returns, the stretch of days leading to an infinite hollowness if Tony is never found. If these are truly the last words he gets from Tony -
“No,” Stark shakes his head, walking over to the reception desk to drop the clipboard off. “Unless you want me to hose you down, I suggest you use one of our showers and stop stinking up my ER.”
Lifting one finger in the air, she shakes her head. "Tony adores you. I'm glad he has someone worthy of him looking out for his happiness."
His sluggishly sleepy mind scrambles to come up with a quick strategy to approach Steve. Neutral enough to not incite a new argument, but careful enough to not sound unapologetic. No.
“Tony,” Natasha says softly, “we’ll find a way. We’re going to be – we’re going to be okay. Both of you will make it out.”
When Sam deigns to attach a ‘Doctor’ to his name, things are either going very right, or very wrong. By the paleness of Sam’s face, Tony decides on
“Obie, this will change the world,” he tries again, because surely Obie would understand. “This could save lives, not end them.”
"I'm not letting you walk away again," Steve sighs to himself. "I'm not letting myself walk away from you."
The only upside to all this was that higher security had been deemed necessary for him by the one-eyed pirate who was technically Steve's boss. They'd found another batch of stolen weapons, with evidence that the militias were growing tired of waiting through Tony's unusually lengthy delay between new weapons demonstrations.
Steve never thought that so much would change, and yet, he's here, halfway across the world from home, scouting for HYDRA bases in the area.
Steve hums, closing his eyes, thankful that he can hear Tony's heartbeat. "Not boring when it's with you."
Steve files that question for later. "I also need one of your agents to contact Pepper Potts. Tell her you suspect Stane of fraud, but don't let her confront him."
Howard’s jaw tightens. “He’s a Captain with a Medal of Honor, Anthony. A scientific masterpiece. Show him some respect.”
“Don't look too upset, Cap.” Tony pokes his head around until he finds the breakroom with the coffee maker. His black shirt snags on the door handle, giving Steve a brief glimpse of shockingly toned muscles. “Your friends said you were a bit wound up,” Tony goes on, unaware of Steve's plight, and lifts the plastic bag. “I brought butter pecan for the recovering patient.”
Turning off the tap, Steve heads back out, pausing when he spots the empty seat next to Carol, who raises her wine glass his way –
“I’m walking. That’s exercise. And I’m doing my best to not peel that suit – ” he pauses to rake his eyes over Steve’s chest. Covered by a dark red coat, only a sliver of the tailored suit is visible through the dim park lights, but the
“I thought I was the doctor,” Tony manages to open his other eye, this time to glare at Steve. Steve, Tony realises, who is not in uniform but in a very
She's holding up her phone, smiling one of her rare smiles. “I'm sending that to Kamala,” she taps on her phone, “and to Carol.”
The soldiers on the chopper with him had volunteered to come. The closest friends of those who had been in Tony's ambushed convoy - they're hungry with the need to find whoever had caused so much needless death. Steve understands the burning need for closure. He can only be grateful that these soldiers hadn't been on scene to witness the ambush.
Tony walks to his desk, flipping through some papers. “Normally, I’d ask to keep her for overnight observation. I don’t want to take her away from you, though.”
Steve wrenches his gaze away from the camera-ready smile splashed across the front page. “Who's the smartest?”
calling off this investigation," Peggy's fists are clenched tight, knuckles white in an effort to control her anger.
The door to his room swings open, and Tony grins when it’s Steve who comes back in, carrying a tray full of pudding cups.
Then, after a surreptitious glance at the small living room, she drags him out of the tiny kitchen and into another, dark room.
Tony bumps their elbows again, hands still shoved into his own pockets to keep warm in the early winter. A hundred or so thinly veiled innuendos flash through him. He watches the mist form from Steve’s breaths, and decides he can save all that for when they’re in bed later. There’s some sort of courage that the darkening night gives him, something to hide the sudden rawness clawing at him. It feels so wrong to feel this happy, this light.
In the end, it's Tony that comes to Steve, stumbling across the sand beside Rhodey, teeth gritted in a distinctly stubborn look that Steve had feared he might never see again. This Tony is vastly different from the man splayed across magazine cover - Steve scans his face quickly, desperately, noting down the unruly stubble, the afternoon sun making Tony's eyes squint in a grimace like he would when waking up in the morning, and the - the bright light?
Somehow, Howard had managed to pull enough strings together with Rhodey so that Stark Industries had a new liaison.
you?" his voice rises higher. Of all the things Steve could have said, of all - Tony wants to slam something, to throw something at him. Because how
“You like having something to hug at night,” Tony says in lieu of explanation, voice trying to be loud but ending up quiet. A wisp of a confession unsaid:
Tipping his head to the side in concession, Steve chooses his words slowly, scrutinizing eyes finally moving from Tony and towards the fallen chandelier several feet away from them.
The government was upset that Stark Industries would be undergoing a leadership change, not mourning Howard or Maria.
He could do this with anyone else, anyone except Steve and his damned sincerity that had sucked Tony in, a cesspool of truth among a school - a world - of pretenders.
He gets a letter in return, although the more correct term would be a short diary. Thin, looping handwriting scrawled on pages and pages of old, yellowed paper, sending Tony cackling about Steve's latest adventures.
Either their bed became drastically smaller in the past five minutes, or Tony has been slowly inching his way towards him. Steve debates what to do next. He pretends to continue reading through the evening news on his StarkPad, every so often glancing to the side to note the smaller and smaller distance between them. There’s an endearingness to the way Tony assumes that Steve doesn’t notice – the small scrunch between Tony’s brows, the bitten edge of Tony’s lips as he tries to move silently, and the fleeting glances Tony sends his way, all the while pretending to be playing a game of cards on his phone.
"He's about to get another promotion," Tony hums lightly, fiddling once more with the paintbrush in his hand, "does that mean you'll have to salute him?"
"And I know you need your rest to recover," Sam chimes in, dragging a chair from outside as Thor holds the door open, "but the emotional and psychological benefits of a meal together outweighs the cost."
It feels safe, like this. Safe enough that Tony lets himself lose the fight to keep his eyes open. He’s so
"If you need a friend," Steve repeats his promise from a decade ago, his words a whispered prayer, "if you come through a rainy patch and you need a shield, you can always find me. I will
Steve, however, seems to have no such reservation. He shoves his hand gently into Tony’s pocket, wrapping around Tony’s gloved hand, and they’re close. So close that all Tony can hear is the buzzing of blood in his ears. No whispers, no footsteps on the gravel.
Going into this silent war of wills with Obie meant that any blindness in his part could be a deadly stumbling block. Being protected had gotten Tony nowhere, being protected had only gotten Maria killed - whether by Howard or a malfunctioning car or outside interference, it doesn't matter.
But he had never worried about either of that with Steve, and look where it'd gotten him. Here, contemplating years' worth of returned letters.
The Captain’s brows furrow, and he retracts his hand awkwardly. “Pole dancing is an entirely valid exercise.”
"Because I didn't want the world. He was destroying himself trying to give it to me." Steve bows his head, eyes closed against the memory of those last weeks he had spent with Tony: the empty beds, the way Tony's face would twist at Steve, unhappy and afraid. "He wouldn't listen to me, and I couldn't watch him burn himself any more."
. This was… infinitely better than a loud party. It’s honest, thoughtful. He tamps down the swell of – of everything that fills him overflowing. He wonders how long Tony had taken to plan this. He wonders – “Why today?”
Then, he'll squeeze his small body into the bed next to Tony, pull the blankets over them and think of home, squished together beside Bucky, huddling for warmth in the winter.
hate training exercises,” Tony admits, letting his eyes fall shut, unable to take much more sunlight after a night of staying up. When did he get so old? “But arguing with you sucks more. I shouldn’t have snapped at you when we argued,” he adds, “so how about – ”
Steve shrugs. Their shoulders bump against each other. “Still. You can talk to me if you want to. Or we could just sit here and I could find ear plugs.”
Steve huffs. "You're an idiot," he tells Tony again, which in Tony's very objective opinion is mean. "When we get out of here, I'm going to give you a lecture about self-sacrifice and we're going to go share a very large pan of pizza."
Tony makes a face. "The Secretary?" He's not sure anyone who voluntarily comes to a gala thrown by Howard can be called good.
Steve understands why Tony would find refuge here, where all anyone asks of Tony is what his favorite color is.
“One day soon, I hope. I’m sure my fiancé would love to do the paperwork for our marriage,” Steve says evenly, surprise melting away into easy contentment.
"That rubble over there is blocking the fire from us," Steve tells him, which doesn't answer the question. "And Fury's working on getting a ladder up to us."
"Thanks for the assist," Steve lets his shield slice through the bots at Tony's six o'clock. Iron Man gives him a red and gold salute.
go to Natasha’s bar again to see his chances of finishing their cut conversation, but that feels too much like a surrender and Tony
That question, Steve decides, is preferable over admitting too that Stark is handsome, with a raised brow and cocky self-assurance that wheedles its way uncomfortably under Steve’s skin. The witty quips were far too similar to... well. He prefers not to think about that either.
"You think someone is involved in the weapons going missing." The words sound insane, blasphemous. "That they
Stark nudges the potato basket closer to Steve. “It did help. I think you've earned Sam's undying loyalty.”
But by the time Steve comes up with a semblance of a coherent sentence, Tony's eyes have fallen shut, his breaths coming in and out with a slight wheezing.
Steve, Rhodey, Pepper, Bruce, Happy, Thor – how much had Tony’s family grown? He feels strangely full, knowing that he’s had the chance to share in their joys and troubles, to put smiles on their faces and to smile in the starlight of their happiness. He doesn’t want those smiles to become unhappy.
The HYDRA faction they had discovered during their soirée seems to have reared their brand new nine heads, launching an attack on the streets of New York that is quickly becoming an unmitigated disaster.
“I’m fine,” Steve says. Then, to prove his point, he holds up the two shirts, one red and one blue, forcing a bright smile. “Which do you think I should bring?”
"There will never be an end to fighting," she explains in that roundabout way of hers, pushing Tony's mind to work, "men, always dissatisfied," she tutts. "Food and cheer and good company, that's the real treasure, not the gold they keep trying to win."
actually a pretty nice view here,” he amicably observes. “A bit quiet. I get a view of the front lawn. Do you think they’d let me switch rooms with you? It’d be a nice change.”
"You won't reach ninety if you keep changing - " he swerves around a bend, groaning when Sinatra starts playing again on the radio. Flicking his lights, he skids to a stop at the side of the road just to properly glare at Steve. "Are you trying to make me fall asleep?"
“Ma can’t afford to send me home for Christmas,” Steve replies, eyes fixed on his books, studiously avoiding Tony.
“I signed on for this job to save lives, Cap.” Tony coughs, but through the haze of sirens and smoke and panic, “make sure the kids get out alive.”
Still, he's pretty sure he isn't supposed to be checking out his best-friend-slash-bodyguard-slash-national-icon while he's trapped in a building that might fall over them soon. There are bigger concerns. For example, "I think you should be more afraid of what Peggy would do to you."
would like to keep his third rule intact. Confronting Tony about the flowers was a mistake – he had thought that it was only Tiberius and Sunset – and now he was paying for that mistake.
The three feet between them feel vaster than the universe itself, a chasm growing larger and larger that neither of them can cross anymore, all their bridges burned and rotted.
He shouldn’t say it, and yet – it’s moments like these when he finds himself adoring Tony the most, even as it takes almost all his restraint not to chide Tony about keeping better care for himself. There isn’t much in him that can stay angry when Tony slowly inches his way to him, clearly in need of a hug but too stubborn to ask for one, or maybe too scalded by their argument. Steve suppresses a sigh. He’d give Tony a hug in a heartbeat if Tony simply
The paediatrics ward is where Tony goes to find his peace whenever the flow of incoming patients in the ER ebbs. Children needed the most human contact, isolated as they were, and with Sam handling the ER wonderfully, Tony slips into the room, smiling at the nurses keeping watch over the sleeping children.
. Everything laid out at the tips of the fingers, the vision tantalisingly close, waiting only for the right tools. He can do it, he
hiding some muscle under your sweaters.” He pulls out the chair across the table from Steve, frowning at the dust on it but sitting anyway. “Don’t worry too much about Liberty – Libby? – she just needs two days on the IV.”
They find base after base full of stolen Stark weaponry and a new underground group calling themselves the Ten Rings, but never the right one. Or perhaps they've found the right one, just never realised Tony's body was in it.
The splash of red on the ceiling taunts him, an unfinished flower clearly abandoned when Steve had moved out.
A safety switch. If anyone but the original intended buyer tried to use his weapons, MARIA made sure to rig the weapon to blow as soon as she detects unpopulated land.
"Only as well as you," Maria reaches out to squeeze Tony's hand. "You've made quite an impression of yourself around here."
Natasha, however notices his discomfort, and she stands up from her seat. “I'm getting lunch,” she announces, “and when I come back with Sam, I expect you both to have worked with whatever it is that made Steve stay here for three days.”
electric pole fell over bridge’, because there’s a silver car trapped beneath the wreckage that the fire crew is lifting up.
“Captain Rogers,” and there’s Doctor Stark, slumped in Steve's corner seat. “I heard you saved another damsel in distress this morning.”
Gritting his teeth, Steve sees the second firetruck roll onto the curb. “Chief Fury will stop the fire.”
"You know," Tony observes as he huddles them both closer to the crab puffs, "Ms. Martinelli is still single if your dancing skills have improved."
Steve sighs, swiping his screen, reading the messages over and over again until the final message comes through.
. Didn’t he know how much Tony hated the war? The bloodshed, the injuries, the death. “Steve, you’re a skinny artist from Brooklyn. You can’t paint others into submission.”
“He's my friend too!” she raises her voice, and the crowd around them flinches. “Stop the fire, Captain.”
Inevitably, the winter holiday ends, and Tony rushes to finish the phone in the car as they pick Steve up from Brooklyn. It's lucky that he does, because after Sarah Rogers smothers Tony with warm tight hugs and hands them a fresh bag of cookies, Steve slips into the car with red ears and a drawing.
Two more songs play before Maria finds him again, expertly cutting through the Secretary's rambling.
"Have a safe trip," Tony ends any possibility of him coming along. "I'll see you at the New Year Gala."
weren’t two words that Tony ever expected to go together. Steve was righteous, yes, but holding a weapon was different from punching a bully.
“Well their parents are friends of my parents,” Tony parrots again, confused. He didn’t really have a choice, did he? They were meant to be allies, heirs to fortunes and businesses. It was only logical that they start their alliance now.
, Tony carries so much that Steve sometimes feels powerless. He glances down at Tony’s closed eyes, and he continues carding his hand through Tony’s soft hair. There are so many things going on in their lives – Stark Industries, Avengers duties, dealing with the press, liaising with SHIELD – these moments have become rarer.
Giving Steve his first smartphone was weird. Granted, Tony was in his thirty second hour without sleep, but the worry creasing Steve's brows wasn't good.
And really, wasn’t his life the funniest joke there was? It kept pitting him back against Steve at the most inopportune moment, whether it was as fellow students or as a superhero and a former Army Captain.
Tony quickly smothers his smile. "No one. A professor from MIT," he lies smoothly. He doesn't like lying to Obie, doesn't usually have to, but he knows
Liberty’s leash gets pulled taut, her tail stiff in the air. Steve glances around, spotting a large German Shepperd that’s growling at her. The owner, a tall blond man, seems to not care, leering at Steve.
the Steve Rogers I know. Stop moping around, be a little more stubborn. You told me that's what the Stark kid did to you."
Tracking the way Stane's hands clench into fists, rings glinting in the sunlight from the office windows, Steve does his best to keep his face a blank, impassive slate.
"Hey," Steve's far too gentle hand cups his cheek, "don't let your mind wander off too far. Why don't you breathe with me?"
Trying futilely to push Liberty off his chest, Steve manages to at least sit back up. “Yeah, he said to maybe bring Libby on the dates to slowly get her used to it, but evidently, she’s not getting on the agenda.”
Steve nods. “I’d have to throw away my compass if I said no,” his hands find Tony’s shoulderblades, pushing at the tense muscles there, “and I’m quite attached to that compass.”
Steve stares him down for another second before he heads to the door, not bothering to deny what they both know to be true.
"If I recall," Stane shifts his gaze towards Steve, lips twisted, "it was your agents who were responsible for safeguarding the unfortunate press conference last December."
Huh. Very pissed. And now Tony has another reason to want to date Steve other than those very shapely buttocks.
Tony holds up a hand. “No harm, no foul.” Then, a smile that’s amused but isn’t cruel. “Did Liberty scare off the lucky lady of the night?”
He misses what Pepper says as he wipes the wetness on his cheeks away, thankful for Rhodey squeezing his shoulder to ground him. He must've missed something pretty important, though, because there's a - that's a velvet ring box on the table in front of Steve.
"Tony visited me," she sips her juice innocently. "How many years has it been since you last saw him? Ten? Every December 16th, he visits me and promises me he'll keep you safe."
“Miss Khan was telling me about your latest research,” Steve explains quickly, “about saving people's hearts.” His gaze falls to the stethoscope around Stark’s neck because he doesn’t think he can survive looking into the brightness of Stark’s amusement for much longer. “And you
There's never going to be a right moment, though, not with the chaos of their lives. So it's up to Steve to
Steve smiles. "But I see you and I see my friend who I lost because I was silly and young. And I see someone older, wiser - did my Ma say smarter and handomer? - who I'd very much like to be friends with again."
, it seems, is an understatement. By the time the ambulance manages to cut through the traffic already clogging up, they’ve wasted precious critical response time. The firetruck blockades the opposite side of the bridge, its sirens bright in the afternoon sun. With a closer look, Tony realises the problem is more ‘car crashed into electric pole,
“I’ve already stopped bleeding out,” Tony feels afloat, and he’s quite sure it isn’t because of all the medication he’s on, “and yes to
Steve watches as something in Rhodey's expression twitches, and on screen, Rhodey's hand fiddles with a pen. "Tony wouldn't have let you come back. He was trying to find himself, and he needed to do it alone." The truth stings, but Rhodey goes on, "I don't think he was ready for you. I don't think you were ready for him either - and I doubt any of us can be ready for him."
There are shadows under his eyes, uncombed hair sticking out everywhere, and he's wearing the same shirt as last night, when Steve had stormed out of the building before either of them could go too far in their anger and tiredness.
"Good." Peggy then gives him a softer smile. Real. Almost playful. "If you're wondering where to take Tony out to next week, there's an ice cream parlor off Park Avenue."
Last night was the first time he had slept in his own room in a year, much preferring the comfort of Tony's larger bed.
“That boy,” Howard huffs. “He’s always been unruly. Wouldn’t have guessed you were educated in the same place.”
mentioning you," Tony runs a frustrated hand through his hair, "I could have just gone to her instead of him."
Steve sits between Rhodey and Peggy. The lawyers and notary sits across them. At one head of the conference table is Pepper Potts - she was named Executor of Tony's will - and at the other head is Stane, seething but doing his best to hide it.
“Threatening the safety of everyone on this ship isn’t funny,” he insists. Irritatingly polite as ever, Steve adds, “no offense, Bruce.”
Steve gives a nod to the doctor, who starts moving, wiping an antiseptic across the back of Tony's thin,
“I’ll try my best,” Tony promises. There’s barely any chance he’ll actually be able to come. Christmas means parties at the mansion, Obie asking about his latest designs, and Tony standing perfectly poised in a suit.
There’s a clatter as Stark takes the clipboard from the desk to sign on it. Then, “come back if Liberty keeps giving you trouble,” Stark unclips the form and offers it to Steve. “That’s all I need you to promise.”
He can't risk losing Tony, especially not after everything. Not when this was their second - third? - chance. Not when Tony was so...
And yet, Tony lifts himself up on his toes to reach for the set of larger plates on the top shelf, and Rhodes laughs. “Here I thought you missed me, not my waffles.”
"Just in time for dinner, then?" he teases back, trying his best to summon a smile through the hazy cloud of pain. Anything to get that frown of displeasure off America's face.
She actually accepts Charlotte the Spider even if no nuptials were involved, and Steve has to admit that the recording of Fury when Charlotte had shown up to a debrief
Somehow, Tony’s cheeks were more gaunt than the photographs suggested. There were shadows beneath his eyes despite the straightness of his back.
Stark Industries' new LA regional headquarters. "I flew out this morning," he squints suspiciously, burnt hand forgotten, "did you
“Yeah. It's the scientific research division. They want me for testing,” Steve lets out a shaky breath. “I’m sorry. I didn’t know how to tell you. You hate war.”
The slew of names pricks at all of Steve’s questions about Tony Stark. The way his voice hardened over his father’s name, softened at whoever Obie was.
"Hard to believe that, Rogers," he scoffs back quietly, pushing harshly down the useless hope that bubbles in him, bright despite the throbbing pain.
Always pushing, always knowing Tony's limits, why can't Steve let things go? Why must he be so stubborn?
Steve doesn’t give Thor much chance to argue, already walking the opposite direction towards the corner pizzeria he saw earlier. He wasn't supposed to be on call today, but with nothing to do besides stare at his stubbornly blank canvases, he had tagged along when the first dispatch came.
"I'll tell the officer my friend was getting a bit raunchy with his coffee," Steve grins unrepentantly, chucking his stained shirt in the trunk too, and -
He holds on to what little hope he can. "You wouldn't be able to stand the pollen, Rogers, much less reach me inside my flower palace."
Instead of staging endless attacks on endless troops, he gets to go deeper. Steve is tasked with tracking down illegal shipments of weapons, which is busy enough to keep him distracted.
“She never said your work isn’t meaningful,” Carol comes to Kamala’s rescue. “Only that your life is in dire need of spicing up.” With a wink at both Kamala and Natasha, she goes on. “And despite my natural disapproval of firemen, Steve is in even more dire need of spicing up.”
Pulling out his cufflink drawer, he watches from the mirror as Steve fiddles with one of the tubes on the vanity. "Tony, I don't understand what you're trying to do." Steve puts down the tube with a loud thud, strength too much. "You drink, but you
Feeling his cheeks heat, he turns to Bruce in the corner for help. But Bruce simply shrugs, continuing to arrange his collection of glass vials in the medicine cabinet. Strangely enough, that's Bruce's favorite part of being the station's emergency medic.
Steve steps towards his table, settling in on the chair that's now far too small for his bulky frame. In a way, it's adorable.
“I don’t,” Tony throws his hands in the air. “Because they’re either sharks looking for a scandal or they’re looking for money. You turned down my money, and you’ve had every chance to go to the press after I told you about my mother.”
With a laugh, Peggy stands, leaving her armchair for the empty spot next to Tony on the couch. She wraps an arm around his shoulder. "I thought we agreed a long time ago that nobody '
"That I love you," Tony's words cracks with the smile tugging on his lips, small and grateful. "I'm sorry. I love you."
That brings a real laugh out of Tony, a spark of lightness he didn't expect. "I missed you," the words slip out of him without much thought.
"Why do you care so much?" he challenges, half needing to know, half afraid of the answer, the avalanche.
Steve scoffs, disbelieving and heartbroken, and Tony wishes he didn’t have to do this. Wishes he didn’t have to choose between happiness and keeping Steve safe. Wishes he didn’t have to lie like this.
Sure, they still saved the world seamlessly. Out in the field, they were a team, no longer the chemical mixture of chaos they had been a year ago – but saving the world was different from living in it, from loving it.
How many years had Steve wasted by staying away from Tony? Tony had been the one to push him away, but if he had cared about Steve all along, then
"You're the one who snuck into my room all those years ago," Steve reminds him, leaving Tony to splutter as he rinses his hand and settles back into the couch he had claimed for sketching. Flipping his sketchbook open to his latest half-finished drawing of Tony, he starts a small rendition of Tony eating burgers.
“Thor's stopping the fire,” Steve tells him, half-shouting into the phone over the loud sirens, “we need to get you out.”
hours with in the past, and keeps himself steady as they barrage him with questions. It was always the smart ones who wormed their way into his curiosity. This time, it's no different.
” Tony hurls back at him, trying to prod at old wounds to burn their bridges even more. “I begged you to stay and you didn’t.”
All those times he had hacked into the Pentagon just to try figure out what Steve's next mission would be, and design the latest StarkTech needed to protect him - why couldn't he stop caring?
Prepping for surgery always involved a dreadful thrill, his heart hammering for a few seconds before he enters a calm far quieter than sleep.
“Ah," Obie sighs, leaning against the worktable behind him. "Finances, boy. I’ve told you: that market’s too different.”
Steve jerks back, the words stinging. He tries to come up with anything to reply, the jerky landing of the chopper distracting him. Compartmentalizing doesn't seem to be working, not when he's far too compromised.
Tony stands, fists clenched. “Then adopt him, for all I care.” His lips twist, sneering and upset all at once. “Make him your poster boy. Drape him in a flag. I’m
"The truth. You were changing the world, and you were as happy as you could be. He would always go back out fighting with more purpose."
"No, I - " he shakes his head. "You should know." Didn't his SHIELD-assigned psychologist say something about letting things out? "It's why I followed Peggy - Agent Carter - out of the Army, and - "
Given limited options to have a normal lunch outside, they've taken to arranging quick dates in the safety of Tony's workshop, Mr. Jarvis dutifully delivering their burgers accompanied by a threatening glare at Steve. These moments were a much needed oasis in an otherwise dreadful world of false paper trails and frustrating dead ends.
Steve laughs. “No. Ma wants me here, and I don’t want her to pay for my school on top of everything.”
“I can miss both and I can love both – but we all know the waffles have the edge over you,” Tony takes two waffles.
"It's always a party when there's you guys," Tony winks playfully, "but Mister Steve is actually working."
Tony chuckles, meeting Natasha’s gaze fondly. “I recommend that you leave Clint to suffer alone,” he winks at Kamala, and receives loud, muffled curses from Clint, followed by the sound of clattering plastic.
There was a time when Steve had been Tony's shelter, but now all those years feel tainted by betrayal.
Sarah tips her head sideways, clearly indulging him. "My son is no longer an asthmatic with too many health problems to list, and he's dating the sweetest man I could ever dream of. I'm more than alright."
. He hates having to calculate, to pretend around Steve, and his head feels so heavy – why is the sun so bright?
"No date tonight, mister," Tony pokes softly at Steve's bruises with his other hand. "All you get is boring sleep."
Steve ponders the past month he had been pulling away from Tony – perhaps it was Steve’s obvious affection for him that made Tony uncomfortable?
“Captain!” Thor greets him boisterously from the fire station’s kitchen, head poking out of the fridge where they keep the girl scout cookies.
“Option B, then. You’re too polite,” Tony takes the pile of pizza boxes from Steve and puts them back on the table. “Listen. I’ve been talking about camels when all I want it to talk about is what you’ve got going under that shirt – ”
- send a sharp cold down Steve's spine, heavy and impossible to process. "I'll see you then." His voice comes out choked.
Damn Obie and how much he knew about Tony. This is why Tony hates family. Why he wishes he could tear down everything.
But in the long run, this was less cruel. Less drawing things out, and Steve wouldn’t have nightmares of Tony dying, or of the blood slowly pooling around him. Of the helplessness, and of Tony’s face going slack – Tony has seen more than enough death to be grateful that his death won’t be among Steve’s crystal memories.
Rhodey would normally have piloted the chopper, but this time, he sits across Steve. Coming here had been against his commanding officer's orders. Steve is sure, however, that as much as Rhodey believes in the system, his oldest, strongest loyalty doesn't belong to the government.
"I don't like this any more than you do," Rhodey reminds him through gritted teeth, "he's my friend. And I stayed by him through the worst and the best. That's more than you can say, Captain."
He has to be stronger than that, and he walks away from Steve, pretending to check on DUM-E's charging port. "You know what?" he raises his tone, "I'm too tired for this argument."
- "no eavesdropping, Buck, you know I can hear you breathe if you try," and "damn that serum of yours, Rogers" - and Tony not bothering to hide his curiousness, it's some time before Steve manages to sit Tony down on the couch with the bribe of warm coffee. He sits on the other end of the couch, turning towards his guest.
There wasn’t time to spare, then. This was Tony's responsibility. Crude designs shape themselves in his head. Armored protection, shielding, weapons to fire from afar, better targeting systems, a phone to call. He doesn't know what he's doing.
His sharp hearing means that he notices it when Tony's heartbeat starts racing. One second. Two seconds. Three. Then back down. Steady and safe.
The summer, however, brings change. Howard is a whirlwind of chaos beside Maria's thin-lipped silence and Obie's jittery uneasiness. The military was shifting, the public opinion shifted here and there until the company's stocks took a hit. Howard wants
He blinks, and oh, that's Natasha on the other side of his bed, forcing him to eat the ice chip. It helps, his throat less like sandpaper.
"She has a recon mission for me," Steve had zipped up his bag two nights ago. "I'll be back in five days, if everything goes smooth."
It doesn’t take long for Tony to realise that Steve is as stubborn as him, and perhaps as smart too, in different ways. Tony starts making excuses to slip into the library, starts bringing his blueprints along when he sneaks into Steve’s room.
Now, the man was taller than Tony, with a very objectively beautiful body, and a pile of letters that read like a teenage girl's diary.
He had even resorted to flipping through the magazines Bruce leaves around. That hadn't helped much either: he only found himself staring into yet another article about Doctor Stark's revolutionary genius.
he isn’t supposed to do that. Howard had said it was far below his station. Even Obie agreed. But he had always loved tending to the flowers with Ana, watching something bloom into life under his care.
Steve laughs, and with his hand trapped in Tony’s pocket, their shoulders bump. “It was worth a try.”
Stark has his hands shoved in his pocket, the edges of his black gloves peeking out slightly, standing close but far away enough to keep Liberty’s barking from getting more agitated. “Call me Tony. I’m off the clock.”
Either way, he's scrambling for something to hold onto, and he has a sinking feeling that when Steve snaps, Tony will break with him.
He mulls her words over in his head, thinking of Sunset's frown as she tries on her hundredth dress and the warmth of Sarah Rogers' hug. Thinks of how much easier the world would be if - if there was truly an end to all the fighting.
“Surgeries are a normal thing,” Stark leans back into his seat. “You didn't have to go above and beyond.”
"You're Sergeant James Barnes of the 107th and you used to steal cotton candy with Steve. Let me in," the voices from two floors above grow louder.
Better, faster, cheaper. Tony forces himself to the brink, until all he can see is the sprawling, curving lines of his designs, looping around itself, again and again, a circle no one can break.
With that, Stark turns on his heels. Steve watches him go, a small laugh finally escaping him when he notices Stark's mismatched shoes. One red as red as his scrubs, and one as yellow as the helmet on Steve's head.
’ from Tony after Sam points out a flaw in the mechanics of his wings, and it’s maddening as much as it’s worrying.
If it also happens to be a block away from the local police precinct where Carol works, then it's merely a coincidence that Tony enjoys visiting the bar for breakfast at 1 p.m., right around Carol's lunch break.
Peggy Carter was the wisest woman Tony ever had the fortune to meet. Of course, he would have liked to put his mother on the same high pedestal, but Maria married Howard, and that always seemed to be the opposite of wisdom, no matter how much Tony loved her.
Snatching back the glass and draining it in one go, Steve smirks infuriatingly at him. "I'm supposed to be guarding you, which means making sure you don't choke on vomit in the morning."
“Come on, Libby,” Steve tries to coax her away from the dog. Liberty barks in protest. The Shepperd stalks over, and oh, the dog isn’t leashed.
He should be stronger than this. Get a grip on himself. Captain America wasn't made to wallow in his own room.
Through the chopper's open door, Steve watches with a tight chest as Tony collapses into the stretcher laid out for him, and
“Do you really think I couldn’t file an injunction against you, Tony?” Obie paces the large length of the basement, pausing to rap his knuckles against the wooden crates housing Tony's unpacked workshop equipment.
That’s… that’s unexpectedly sincere, and it hits too close to home that Steve finds his throat dry. “They know love,” he rasps out.
If Steve can still argue that animatedly, though, he must not be suffering from blood loss that's too extensive.
Resisting the urge to groan, Steve focuses on clearing the pizza boxes from the table. “I don’t want to push you.”
Steve jerks, glancing up to see – oh. “Doctor Stark,” he greets tightly, looking more at Liberty and the man’s expensive shoes than at his eyes. He hopes Liberty’s done acting up for the night, because he would hate having to replace that much premium leather.
It was a petty jab at the web of lies Steve had built around them, the betrayal and shattered trust, but it was one that Tony knew would work in driving his point further home, tipping the scales in his favour.
“Not close enough to deserve the truth,” Tony scoffs, standing up and walking to the door. He doesn’t care about the blueprints left behind, he just needs to scream, to run, to break. “You must have planned this a long time ago, and you thought it wouldn’t
Steve laughs again, and Tony makes the very valiant effort to not do something as ridiculously domestic as reaching out to link their hands together.
With very few people to turn to, Steve finds himself standing in the doorway of his Ma's apartment, his last safe haven that he hasn't messed up in his stubbornness and blindness.
"Did you invent this?" Steve turns the slim plastic stick around. He's sure one of Natasha's computers can open it.
“Whatever she needs,” Steve swallows. He won’t be happy without her, but he’ll survive if it means she’ll get better.
you if they knew,” Tony defends himself. It was true that Tony had come here because he was curious and bored, but he stayed because they were supposed to be
Steve, now with the uniform draped over his shoulders, falls into step next to Tony. In the setting afternoon sun, their shadows fall long over the bridge, large sceptres of themselves beside each other.
Tony doesn't think he can bear seeing Steve's bare body that close. Yanking the keys out, he pushes his way past Steve, staring away under the guise of admiring the sea.
“Of course it is. And you can ask Carol all about it,” Kamala points at the door, which chimes to signal, as if on cue, Carol's entry.
Other times, Tony would look more reserved posing with Howard Stark and Stark Industries' newest Chief Operating Officer, Obadiah Stane.
The reason why he can't lie to Tony. The reason why he really wants to call this Tower home, but can't.
Tony was too busy loving, too busy desperately stopping death that time feels like it's slipping between his fingers like sand.
Stark shakes his head, rummaging through his desk for something. He comes back with a jar of dog biscuits that, again, sends Liberty growling cautiously. “No,” Stark says. “She’s perfectly healthy. Pepper did a prelim check on her heart rate and gums, yes?”
“You’re – you’re asking me to marry you?” Steve frowns. He hadn’t expected tonight to take this sort of turn. When he had pictured Tony proposing – when he had pictured himself proposing – he had thought of bright, loud colors, maybe a few fireworks. He hadn’t expected it to be this quiet. “Are you
The fond nickname is something Tony himself has called Carol, especially when she used to go on actual patrols, but Tony squints suspiciously at the coffee, then at Rogers.
Tony wants Rhodey far, far away when this clusterfuck eventually explodes, and this liaison thing was going to slow down the man's career.
The only reason Tony had stayed longer in MIT was his need to keep Rhodey close, because the thought of having another friend leave him to go fight a war had been too much for him to bear.
Carol raises a brow, unimpressed. “The man’s seen more burns and bones and scars than most, you know.”
"My knight in shining armor," Tony teases right back, because maybe - maybe having another person up his alley wouldn't be so bad. He thinks about it for one more moment before he asks, "do you
His stomach flips. He nurses his soda, wondering whether it was too early to order something stronger. Without Kamala sitting in front of him, he's given an unblocked view of Carol bickering with Stark. After a few more minutes, he decides to slip quietly into the restroom, staring at his reflection in the mirror.
This again: a new side to Tony, a new angle for the sun to hit across him, making him burn brighter in Steve's thoughts, searing him even deeper.
," she shakes her head, "I'm just asking. If I need to plan an assassination, that's really going to mess up the schedule."
The only reason he doesn’t act on it is the worried frown that Steve gets whenever Helen comes by – the way Steve nods at every single one of Helen’s instructions, no doubt memorising them all.
"Nothing too peaceful. I gave him some hens and flamingos to take care of - I'm afraid peace isn't quite Jarvis' forte," Tony tells her.
He revises his list. Maybe it wasn’t reckless foolishness, after all. There were other words to describe Steve now, swirling carefully at the edge of his thoughts: courage, loyalty, honor.
Steve snorts, disbelieving. "I've had to wipe your drool off my pillow. There's no need to be polite."
"I just need to know whether this will affect your ability to assess the facts of the mission," Peggy sternly cuts away all his excuses.
“On a date.” Tony's smile flickers between the camera-ready one and the one Steve loves seeing at breakfasts: soft and unguarded. “Then hopefully a hundred more,” Tony goes on, “
"I'm sorry," Tony confesses, holding onto her hand for an absolution he doesn't know where else to find. "For the bomb at the Ritz putting Steve in danger. For making Steve work twenty-four-seven and keeping him away from you. For - "
, which I read. I know you invent pacemakers, x-rays, biotech. I know you do good work.” Steve feels the strange need to defend himself. “The internet’s different, though, and it’s wrong to intrude on someone like that.”
"Miss Potts will need her own protection detail," Fury announces without preamble, "Agent Coulson will be in touch with her. They cannot know we have this."
The prototypes disappear from the holotable, morphing into a new interface. Tony's last contact was a video call with Stane, then an aborted call to Pepper Potts. Most of it isn't very useful: he ignores the fact that his number - his newest number from a year ago, that nobody except six people should have - is on Tony's speed dial. That's another SHIELD security breach that Steve can chase down later.
The lines are rough, imperfect, the artist still learning how to capture light, but Tony knows it must have taken hours, and he doesn't think his photographs could compare to it.
He knows nothing can possibly happen between him and the Fire Captain – Tony isn’t looking to leave behind a string of broken hearts, isn’t looking for the cold comfort of a few hours in a stranger’s bed. All signs point to Rogers being a good man, and that means he deserves better than the paltry nights that Tony can give, better than cancelled dinners because of emergencies, and Tony’s night shifts that means he can hardly ever be home for anything.
The bulk of SI's stock is Tony's, so it counts for little that Stane almost desperately wants to roll out the rest of the Jericho line to raise company performance. Stane can't do it.
But even after the coffee scalds the back of his throat, Steve still has his handkerchief out, looking expectantly at Tony for an answer.
Tony winces, folding in some more on himself, and shifting back into his corner of the couch. "I sent them. I really did. Jarvis can testify I wrote them, and I - I'm sorry I assumed the worst of you when I never got any reply."
Tony props himself up drowsily to sit next to Steve, rubbing his eyes with the back of his hand. Harsh. Trembling. "Did I wake you?"
"JARVIS," Tony says into the silence of the workshop, unable to bring himself to go back to the bedroom devoid of any trace of Steve, "track him. If Steve gets so much as a papercut, I want to know."
his cheeks wet? Oh, he's crying. He shouldn't be crying now. Crying is useless. Captain America shouldn't be crying in front of lawyers.
how long has it been since that night? They hadn't even been fifteen - a different time in a different world when Tony would hammer out his frustrations on the piano instead of on hard, unforgiving metal.
“This is the ER, Doctor Wilson, if you’ve got time for sucking up, you’ve got time for paperwork,” he laughs. It’s six thirty in the morning, which means his shift ends in half an hour. “You can ask Strange if you’ve got questions.”
Exhaustion mixes with guilt. He shouldn’t have been so ignorant, nor should he be so curious now. Howard and Maria Stark had been rich beyond rich. A weapons manufacturer, with a world-class vet as a son? Steve rolls the question around in his head until he decides enough is enough.
“I – ” The argument dies on his lips. “Alright,” Tony agrees. “Is it possible for me to take care of myself
“Do you love me or the puddings?” Steve sits in the armchair beside the bed – armchair, because Tony had designed this med wing and he’d refused to have crappy plastic chairs.
Tony blanches, before visibly seizing on the opportunity. "We went to school together," he sends Steve a shit-eating grin, "and he caught me stealing some flowers."
Carmine’s is a fancier place than Steve would usually be comfortable with, but Natasha’s friend had gotten them a table and they have a special service for dogs so Steve can slowly introduce the date to Liberty after dinner. Liberty paws at Steve’s legs when he leaves her with the clerk at the front desk, making Steve feel a twist of guilt for leaving her out front.
There was no disarming the thing: it was meant to be a security measure, an explosive within an explosive, the second one triggered if the first was disabled. Most of the time, Tony hates Hammer. The rest of the time, he
“Carol,” Tony sighs, relieved. She's good at these things. He ducks under the police line, ignoring the other officers to walk straight to her. “What do you need me to do?”
“I know it doesn't mean anything,” Steve mutters. “If it doesn't mean anything, then why do you never – ” he waves at himself. “I'm your friend.”
Pulling his hand away from Maria's, Tony's smile drops. "Glad to see you noticed something other than the open bar, Howard."
, and whatever else they might say about him, Tony doesn’t want to hear what they might say about his friendship.
Pepper laughs too, though she manages to sound stern when she says, "Steve, please limit him to one impulse buy a day."
True to Carol's word, there's a small group of firefighters with their bright yellow helmets around the back of the firetruck, apparently squabbling with a few officers. Tony recognises Officer Quill, who throws up his hands in the air. “If you're not gonna accept treatment, that's not my problem!”
It's 2008, and Steve goes on a mission to find a missing person. He finds some other things, too - including a ring.
Tony was happy that he was apparently of high enough importance to warrant a twenty-four-seven Captain Patriot guard. It made things like these far more bearable, especially when Rhodey was back on the field and Pepper had squirreled her way out.
' clamor in the air until Tony seems to take mercy on Steve's increasing confusion. In Steve's defense, he was trained to carry bombs and shields, not kids who he could easily hurt.
Fury stops him from hurrying back to his interrupted date. "We have reason to suspect that the attempt at the Ritz will be repeated." That's enough to perk Steve's full attention. "There's chatter, whispers of them trying to send a message to Stark Industries that they're tired of waiting for new weapons."
. You know my schedule. And my – my restless sleeping,” Tony winces at the truth. “Rogers blushed like an actual red apple when I implied sex, he’s going to run to hell when he sees my pacemaker.”
“Get your dog off her!” Steve yells at the owner, dropping his cup to try reclaim the end of Liberty’s leash.
“Liberty trusts you,” he blurts out, having nothing else to say, the fear mingling back with his earlier relief and wonder. “I don’t know how you got her to stop barking, but you did.”
He wishes he could hold her, wishes that her parents could hold her. But her recovery from her surgery three days ago means he can't jostle her too much. For all that he grumbles that babies can be loud, their shrieks headache-inducing, there's so much hope in those small eyes.
"Others?" Tony scoffs. "Justin Hammer? His tech is laughable. Viastone Inc.? Ty has no wit to keep his dreams afloat."
"You dream about me often?" Steve ridiculously finds the audacity to find this funny. They're so close he can see the spray of freckles at the base of Steve's neck even in the scant light.
But he supposes that if he can survive with literal shrapnel clawing at his heart, he can survive the shrapnel of this love too.
His fists ache for the calming momentum of the gym's punching bag, the quietness that usually comes with exercise. But when he thinks of exercise, he hears the memory of Stark quipping about his oversized muscles.
“I go here when Ty is being stupid. I like the light,” Tony leans against one of the stone pillars, the roof arching above him. “Why are you still trying to get yourself kicked out?”
"There's an organisation that SHIELD was founded to eliminate, your father worked with Doctor Erskine to create a supersoldier army in hopes it would be enough to stop them," she keeps them swaying to the music, the words urgent in his ear.
"We're not asking you to build anything," Rhodey moves to dodge Tony's swinging fists. Then, to Steve, "he's having a flashback, I think it's the stretcher."
Steve feels his cheeks warm. Gingerly, he takes the offered piece. “Yes, Doctor,” he mutters between bites.
The last word was clearly directed to Howard Stark, who raises a glass at her. "Whatever you want, Pegs."
"You're not real," Tony tells Steve through gritted teeth, eyes flashing wild. "You're not real. Steve wouldn't be here, so whatever the
Tony draws some more circles into Steve's wrist. Then, almost in a sigh, Tony breathes out, “marry me.”
He pulls the blanket over their shoulders, and JARVIS dims the lights for them. They fall into an easy silence, Steve counting the steadiness of Tony’s breaths –
Deciding to take pity on the state of Steve's ruined shirt from earlier, he starts the engine again, parking the car off the road for Steve to take his stuff out the back.
“Yes,” he breathes out, the relief crashing into him. It must be the adrenaline finally ebbing out too – he feels suddenly tired.
Eyeing the cracks on the ceiling and the soft dust falling on them every so often, Tony hopes that it'll be sooner than later. "Is my leg bleeding?"
Tony shoves his hands into his pockets, rocking on his heels. “You’d look great in either. Both. The red?”
While Steve might not have cared, Tony cared too much. It was one of the many things Howard found disappointing in Tony, the lack of ruthless salesmanship, and for once, Tony understands fully why it was easier, less hurtful to not care. And yet, it was too late.
Steve thinks of the painting he has to do for his gallery showing, of the painting he promised Tony. His heart calms, slowing down as excitement settles into a resolve, deeper and more final.
The pitter patter of small feet are drowned out by loud, excited yells, and Steve can't move because suddenly he's pestered with questions left and right.
A flash in Steve’s eyes, dangerous and hurt. And suddenly, Tony regrets his words. Pushing Steve away wouldn’t help. Challenging Steve wouldn’t either. He would only grow more resolved.
Tony had meant it when he told Steve he would keep better track of his killing machines, and he strides into the vast expanse of the Malibu Mansion's workshop, heading for his reassembled holotable.
So, if Steve hasn’t done anything worthy to receive such high thanks from Tony, that means he hasn’t been the best of friends.
They might not have talked for a decade, Steve might not recognise the person Tony is now, but he has to believe that there is more good than bad in Tony, has to have faith that the kind boy who was once his friend from a long lost childhood still remains, even if Steve might never meet him again.
All that earlier relief escapes Steve, and he closes his eyes for a few long seconds. “No – I – I’m really bad at this,” he lets out a breath.
“Well,” Steve's hand inches closer to his, until the edges of their palms brush. “I've heard that you've got the safest hands.”
Steve thinks it'd be easier to be more stubborn if they were still forced to see each other in the hallways everyday. He glances down at the mess of unsent letters, words he'd meant to tell his friend from a lifetime ago.
Tony squints at him. “Is this your way of letting me down easily, or is this what Tasha meant when she said you’re too polite?”
Making Steve afraid - perhaps even disgusted - of him wasn't the purpose, especially when he still loves Steve so much it hurts, and yet Tony is quickly realising there isn't any other way to push Steve away from this war on HYDRA.
"If not now, then when?" Her heels click against the Mansion's marble floor. Logically, Tony knows she's a year younger than him. Even more logically, he fears what she can do with those sharp heels.
Steve had wanted to say that they were bullies and it was damn well worth Tony's happiness, but he swallows down the words, uneasy at how they jolted him out of his trance. Because he's broken two of his own rules already. He had those rules for a
This time, the sound is louder, with a distinct crackle that must be from Tony's repulsors, and there's a deafening crash, followed by -
Mondays are for endlessly boring meetings. He had to impress the board of directors - all old, grey men crumbling in their seats - to make them trust him enough despite his wild reputation.
Waiting at the table is the neighbour two doors down from Bucky. Kate is funny. Smart. NYU’s doctoral candidate working on infectious diseases. Part of Steve understands why Bucky thought Kate might be the one – witty brunettes were Steve’s type – but most of what she says flies over the top of Steve’s head and while Steve enjoys listening to it, he suspects they have different priorities. The Italian entrées were excellent to smooth over any awkwardness, though, and he manages to get through to dessert without turning the occasion into too much of a trainwreck.
"It would be my pleasure." Steve hands Tony the empty champagne glass which Tony takes blankly, because this can
“Medical attention,” Tony deadpans, darting forward to stick the star spangled band-aid on the forehead cut before Steve can object. “There, all done,” he can't resist grinning his victory.
He can't save everybody, but he can do something. Placing the mug carefully on top of the pile of mail on the coffee table, he reaches inside his suit to take out a flashdrive.
An optimist is someone who believes the future is uncertain. A futurist is someone who believes in possibility. And Tony is, well, he's –
"I'm buying it," Tony says, and when Pepper starts to sputter, he adds, "I'm building a house here. Consider it a cost cutting measure, no more fancy hotels when I visit here."
Juggling bodyguard duties while keeping their relationship a secret hadn't gotten easier in the six months since the horrible fiasco at the
The two of them had been children wrapped up in a secret world, finding solace in knowing that they were both too different for everyone else to understand. More different than ever, Steve wishes he could go back to climbing rooftops with Tony, to simpler times without any gunshots ringing in his dreams or the taste of sand lingering between his breaths.
“It’s not just for you – it’s for her too. She’ll get anxious without you,” Tony hands Steve a prescription of pills. “Give her this twice a day. I’ll drop by your house tonight to rig her to an IV.”
"Whatever you're planning, you should be careful. Nothing we find looks good - missing names, addresses that've disappeared. Mr. Stane doesn't seem very pleased."
"We've settled it before that you can't know everything," Steve reminds him, eyes darting around to ensure they aren't being listened to. "You know I - I love you. I do. But there are things I can't tell you, no matter what, and we agreed on that."
"She was my mother!" Tony's voice breaks at the end, making it more a hushed whisper than an angry shout. "You promised to keep us safe and - "
Steve chokes, which causes Liberty to jump on his chest. “Ugh, down girl.” Liberty keeps her new spot on his chest, dripping dog slobber over his shirt. Shame. The white shirt was one Steve liked. “Nat,” Steve says into his phone, “I don’t think I have time to handle pups if you’re talking about what I’m thinking.”
Steve gives him some more pudding. “Three days, and I’ll appreciate it if you keep all machines and DUM-Es away from my kitchen.”
“Then all that’s left is this,” Stark hands over a couple of the dog biscuits to Steve. “I don’t want to have my fingers bitten off.”
Mrs. Carter waves cheerfully at him from where she’s propped up against the gurney’s stiff back. “He’s quite charming,” she whispers to Steve in her British accent.
go find my husband now." She takes the plate of apple pie with her. "Edwin's always so forgetful with the food."
Steve thinks that maybe, if Tony weren’t so forbidden, they might have become friends. Two people, uninterested in the wiles of the spoiled like her.
Steve says he finds the noise calming. He hadn’t been used to the eerie silence of the large halls, and Tony finds safe harbour in the echo of his own dislike for empty halls.
to end soon, especially now that he's in Malibu and Peggy has taken to assigning Tony a rotation of bodyguards that are never Steve.
He starts packing his suitcase, mulling over how he should word his temporary absence to the other Avengers.
Tony sneaks a glance at Steve, unsure how he would take it knowing that Tony wrote home so much about him.
Sure, Steve could stop burning building, but when push came to shove, it wasn’t him who actually made sure that hearts kept beating and lungs kept breathing.
“I’m not going anywhere,” Steve ends up sitting on the floor beside her. His phone rings, making Liberty yap. Steve pats her as he swipes his screen to answer, “hey Nat, sorry for the bust.”
“Well, then,” Rogers tips his helmet slightly down, “only because it’s your safe hands, Doctor Stark.”
“Tony, you told Rhodey to not let me stay alone for too long.” And, god, Steve is still kneeling. “I think I have a solution for that.”
Having learned his lesson, Steve hangs back, watching with rapt fascination as something seems to soften across Stark’s eyes, crow's feet forming at their edges as he smiles.
Tony fixes the collar of his coat, offering a young girl some stickers for her bravery with the needle. This was good work. He doesn’t need distractions. He doesn’t –
Tony stares at him for a second before he takes the coffee back, gulping down half the cup, because he can't possibly be awake enough now if he's imagining Steve taking care of him like this.
seem sorry, but it hammers back in the simple truth that Steve is only one of millions clamoring for Tony's time. And there are those who deserve Tony more than him.
Sarah's hand is gentle on his shoulder, but he feels brittle, and when she speaks, voice all too caring, he doesn't know what to do.
, Tony understands that when Steve sets his mind to something, the man can be the most stubborn mule in the
Young as they both were, Tony had known even then that joining the Army wasn't the answer. The world wasn't as black and white as his commanding officers had tried to make him believe, and ultimately, it wasn't Steve who had paid for that naivete.
"It's good to hear you," Steve pats the wall beneath one of the cameras he remembers. "Will Pepper's card give me workshop access?"
know who Pepper is, or what's been keeping you up that you have eyebags I can see beneath your make up. I don't know what's the latest song you've learned on the piano - or if you even play it anymore - and I don't know if you can still tell apart a
Jarvis’ ability to be perfectly cordial while absolutely reprimanding explained much about Tony’s deftness at quipping with perfect etiquette. But Jarvis’ withering glare was miles away from the slanted smile that Tony often had.
Tony tries to imagine it. Ty would never agree to anything like that. “That actually sounds nice. Do you need my help kicking you out of this place?”
Bruce saves them in the nick of time during a battle, and Tony proposes to the Hulk with a very breathless ‘
“We don’t do energy,” Obie says with a harsh finality. “We make weapons. Protect Americans by having the bigger stick.”
Steve steps closer, reaching up to touch the bottom edges of the eagle's wing, the soft brown fur that gently greets him. He himself hadn't gotten much sleep either last night, and he isn't blameless in letting the stress of the past few months turn into sharp words.
"Ma'am," Steve starts, voice gentle but loud enough to carry over the loud chaos. "I need you to hold stilll and read out the time to me."
More importantly, the Captain's uniform jacket has been tossed to the ground with the helmet, leaving Steve in only a sweat-drenched tank top that leaves little to the imagination.
“JARVIS, please tell Pepper to cancel Tony’s eleven o’clock meeting,” he says in hushed whispers, pulling their thick blankets over Tony. The reply comes as a barely audible chime, their room’s windows darkening themselves at JARVIS’ silent command.
"I'm not a fossil from the nineteenth century!" he yells over the wind as he switches the song back to the beating drums of Nirvana. Bickering with Steve made him laugh.
His home is too far to walk back to, and Steve watches the cars pass by the curb for another moment before turning to Liberty with his own tired smile. Her nose nudges Steve’s hip.
He runs the numbers in his head. There's not going to be enough time to evac all the eight infants here with only three nurses and him, especially if the fire is spreading quickly enough to demand a full evacuation.
Over dinner, Steve tells Tony about his gallery showing and baseball while Tony spouts out about a hundred tiny details on the golden retriever species. Most of what he says flies over the top of Steve’s head, but the excitement in Tony’s voice makes Steve want to know more.
It's unfair, Tony thinks. People insisted on remembering that one time he got drunk on a yatch while forgetting the fact that he wasn't Mr. Stark. He was
True enough, when they exit the glass doors and step out onto the curb, there are already two ambulances getting ready to leave. “They?” Tony asks.
Steve gives that a long thought. In the end, he accepts it. “Will my Ma have to be friends with your parents?”
“I’m thinking about how you’d do something you hate only for me,” Steve feels his smile widen at the shy scrunch of Tony’s nose.
Except, now he doesn’t have Jarvis to quickly pull him away from the fire, and he stares wide-eyed as Steve crosses his arms stubbornly.
Steve frowns at the camera, suspicion making him sick. "Did he - " his throat is dry. "Did Tony never erase them?"
Pretend to drink, laugh a bit, stumble out of the party early, then tip back a cup of scalding coffee to get back to work because parties were a waste of time that Tony doesn't need.
“You know, if you needed to make lists,” Tony breaks the brief bit of silence between them, leg bouncing under the table, “I have laptops and tablets to do that for you. Even an AI you can talk to instead of pen and paper.”
He feels rather than sees Steve laugh again. “Did you apologise just so you could cuddle?” Steve says as he adjusts them both, shifting until Tony’s head rests on Steve’s thigh, and Tony can’t help the happy sigh that escapes him when Steve starts carding a hand through his hair, gentle movements massaging the tension of his neck.
, those were some very sharp cheeks. With wide shoulders. A bright yellow soot-covered helmet complimented the flashy red uniform, which all only served to make those
Tony throws away the drenched swab and fishes out the needle and thread. “I'm growing familiar with your recklessness complex. This is going to need stitches. Did Banner give you painkillers?”
He was convinced that the universe was laughing at him: his best friend leaving him to be his father's lab rat, which gave Howard yet another reason to leave him too.
Sam groans louder, passing Tony some tissues. They both liked having the ER not too close to the Neurology department – Doctor Strange’s penchant for strange rocks was unsettling.
The door of the private room swings close behind Natasha, clicking pointedly. In the silence, Tony flicks his gaze to Steve, wondering if he'd get away by pretending to sleep.
To have that much faith placed on his shoulders is daunting, but comforting - because where Obie pushes for
"Yes," Peggy confirms. "We're taking this problem from two sides." More softly, she adds, "Steve, we need your head for strategy. Your memories, too."
The shield slams back into Steve's arm, and he flexes his fingers to activate the magnets there, grateful that he had thought to bring it along with him. “Good.”
. Assuring the girl’s mother that a nurse will drop by soon, he holds up his palms to slow Sam down.
It's time they solved this old case, root out all the rats hiding behind the towering riches of Stark Industries.
“And just for that, I’ll pick the blue,” Steve tosses the red jacket on the other side of the bed. If he took it with him, he’d only be thinking about wearing Tony’s color, and that… that is the opposite of what he needs the trip for.
Besides, slipping through the hallways after curfew to get to Steve’s room is child’s play compared to sneaking into Howard’s workshop. Picking the lock is a little trickier, but nothing that can stop Tony, especially when he’s descended on a warpath for answers.
when he sees Tony's smile plastered on the side of a bus, the need to touch, to know what he had done to make Tony push him away.  The grief, the hurt, the sleepless nights - they build up, making his chest tight.
“Look,” Steve scowls, “I’m not interested in joining you and your group. You don’t need to pretend to care. You never have.”
The library was supposed to be his haven. Few people cared enough to spend their free afternoons here. They much preferred the swimming pool, or a trip to the nearby town.
The SI New York Office would've been enough for a simple press conference, but Obie had insisted - much to Steve's displeasure - that they use a hotel instead. If that hotel belonged to a friend of Obie's, that was just a small part of the story.
"It wasn't my secret to tell," his Ma says, putting down her glass of juice with a thud. "But if it helps you to find him, you should know that he gave me this for safekeeping." She reaches into her pocket, fist opening up to reveal an unassuming flashdrive. Black, non-descript.
he heard so much of in school, the Obadiah Stane he's read so much of as he scoured for any news of Tony, and the businessman standing in front of him now.
He blinks some more, but Steve stays unmoving except for the slight crease to his brows that usually means Steve is worried.
They'd retrieved the bodies of everyone in Tony's humvee except for Tony. Tony's phone had been found a behind an outcropping of rock, screen cracked, in a pool of blood that was a match for Tony. The desert winds mean Agent Wilson is on site collecting any evidence they can before the winds carry all traces away in the dust and merciless sands.
He watches as Steve fiddles with the IV needle sticking out from Tony’s arm, pressing on the edge of the tape there to get it to stick back properly on Tony’s skin.
With her gray hairs, it's easy to dismiss Peggy Carter as an old woman nearing irrelevance, but Peggy didn't rise to her position by sitting back, and she didn't keep her power by bending to lesser men. She holds Stane's gaze until Stane pushes his chair away from the table to stand.
If Tony were here, there would be a joke about life being short, and Steve might've teased him back about shortness.
Steve swallows. He's never let fear or doubt stop him before, but this... this feels too large to mess up. He'll do this right.
Stark rests his head on Carol's shoulder. Steve takes a long sip of his own drink, watching with growing – discomfort? Unease? Whatever it was, it made Steve's stomach churn unpleasantly – as Stark laughs at something Carol said. In the empty silence of the mostly deserted bar, the laugh echoes through the room, and Carol snakes a hand around Stark's waist.
.' Doesn’t mean anything, a joke between friends – except maybe Thor,” Tony sits again beside Steve, still holding fast to his hand. “Wouldn’t it be great for me to be Queen of Asgard? All that technology, the
This was what Tony was doing to a perfectly good man. To a supersoldier who wasn't supposed to be exhausted.
That's the date of Howard and Maria's crash. Suddenly, despite the serum, he finds it hard to breathe. How - why - "Why are you telling me this
Steve pulls back to look Tony in the eyes. “When there's a giant eagle staring down at us, and when I still have to lecture you about unnecessary risks.”
“Hey,” she grabs his arm. “The driver was alone, got away with a broken collarbone and a hell of a concussion. No one else was hurt.”
His hands curl into fists in his pockets, because as much as he’d like to reach out and touch Steve, he’s all too aware of passing parkgoers whispering about them. He doesn’t want to ruin their anniversary night with paparazzi pictures.
But some part of Steve had foolishly, ridiculously hoped that he could come home to the comfort of starbright dreams and the safety of companionship.
Pulling off his damp shirt from his morning run, he tosses it next to the towel. They can deal with the mess later. He kisses the corner of Tony’s mouth, then settles himself on the bed, huffing softly to himself as Tony unconsciously shifts towards him, back pressed into Steve’s stomach.
The puzzle pieces fall into place suddenly, slotting so perfectly that he feels dull for not seeing them before, for not paying closer attention.
Except, he finds only Doctor Wilson waiting, seeming rather jumpy. “Captain Rogers. Mrs. Carter,” the doctor greets them, helping Steve lift her off the truck. “Let’s get you sorted out.”
