Castiel feels a content and at peace. Unfortunately, like every single good thing in his life, it doesn’t last. All of a sudden, the air in the bunker feels colder. Cold enough to have Dean and Castiel stand up and exchange worried looks. Dean grabs the gun hidden under the table and Castiel lets his angel blade slide to his hand and grips it firmly. They simultaneously turn around as they hear the sound of someone walking towards them.
As the air has cleared between them, Dean lets himself feel relaxed for the first time in days and lets a yawn escape. Castiel grabs his arm, tender and firm at the same time, and walks them to the hunter’s room before he can protest.
He looks up at his friend, taking him in for a second before he realizes that everything in his attitude screams how exhausted he is. There’s something else too, that looks somewhere between worry and fear, and he barely catches it since the only source of light is coming from the hallway, through the gap around the door frame.
“If this is an ‘I told you so moment’, I’d rather go back to kissing.” Dean replies with a pout.
But this time, everything happened too fast and neither of them even had time to even think about those three words.
“Yes, I do if it kills him.” There it is, Cas thinks. They hadn’t talk about his deal in quite a long time, but Dean was making him really happy and he needed to give the kid credit for figuring him out so quickly.
“I recognize the place, but this isn’t what happened.” Cas replies, gesturing between them.
“You talked to Sam?” Dean asks, surprised.
“How?”
Dean put his forehead against Cas' shoulder, tightening his embrace around the angel's waist, taking deep breaths to try to stay calm. But Castiel could feel his struggle.
- “I’d love to.” Castiel replies with a bright smile, taking his shoes off to sits on the bed next to the hunter, back against the headboard.
“And by cleaning, do you mean the dungeon?” Dean asks, finally getting to the point.
“What do you mean by that?” asks Sam who still doesn’t understand why Jack is so angry, and why Dean and Cas walked in the kitchen together, with the angel wearing his brother’s clothes. Should he even dare to hope that they had finally gotten their heads out of their asses? But why would Jack be against that?
But then, it had happened again. A third time, several months later, But for the first time, the words came out of the angel.
Dean sighed, relieved by his best friend’s reaction and the smiled he had on that face at this moment was probably the happiest one in years. Maybe this was a good idea after all, maybe the consequences of his text could be good. He was almost ready to take the angel’s face in his hands and kiss him with passion when he remembered that his mother, who had been ready to kill Cas barely a minute before was watching and he had a lot to explain. He also remembered the blood on the floor and Sam’s absence.
They weren’t used to being home for so long without anything to do though, and there was only so much research they could do on how to defeat Chuck, so on the eighth day, Dean announced that he had found a case that looked like a vampire nest.
“Why didn’t you tell me? Didn’t you think I would care?”
“Just a bit of cleaning, organizing. Sam went over the laundry process with me again.” Castiel replies, not sure where their conversation was going.
Finally, he spotted the rift in the distance, its orange glow contrasting with the dull colors of Purgatory. He tried to stay calm but he could feel the panic rise when he realized that Dean was nowhere to be seen. Once again, he was faced with an impossible choice. He couldn’t even imagine going through back to their world without the hunter; but on the other hand, he had the blossom and a chance to do the spell and to save Sam. To save their world. He couldn’t throw that all away just because he had lost Dean, he knew the hunter wouldn’t forgive if he did.
They could talk about it later.
Just because they’re determined to live their new lives to the fullest, they head out to a bar that evening. Castiel is a little worried that he’s going to have to watch Dean flirt, or worse, find someone to spend the night with, but he doesn’t say anything and just follows. However, he’s pleasantly surprised when Dean doesn’t leave his side all night and decides to get a round of shots for the both of them, determined to put his friend’s tolerance to the test now that he doesn’t have his grace to keep him sober. Castiel knows it’s probably a recipe for disaster, but it’s not like he has the strength to refuse Dean anything. After a while and a few empty glasses, Dean decides to teach Castiel to play pool, but they’ve both downed too many drinks by then, and despite how talented he usually is, handling a drunken sort-of-angel when he already feels uncoordinated himself is too much. So he settles on dragging his best friend to the tiny dancefloor instead, putting one arm around his waist, and grabbing his hand with the other, to supposedly teach him out to dance. Castiel is more than happy to follow, welcoming the excuse to be close to the hunter. Dean avoids his gaze while they’re gently swaying to the music, but they’re both smiling. When the song ends, he makes the angel twirl, and can’t help but stare when it earns him a laugh, a sound that is too foreign coming from the angel.
Everything feels suffocating after that realization, and Castiel decides that he needs some air. He lets everybody know that he needs to go for a walk. “I need to clear my head.” He adds as sees Sam’s look, and is pretty sure he’s about to offer to come with him. As he gets to the top of the stairs, at the bunker’s entrance, he realizes that Miracle has been following him, and as he looks at the dog’s sad face, he finally understands what Dean means when he talks about Sam’s “puppy eyes”.
Dean's breath falters and he blushes, avoiding the angel’s gaze, which Cas finds endearing and can’t help but slowly caress the hunter’s cheek. Still looking away, Dean smiles and all of a sudden, they’re kissing again. For Cas, it’s even better this time because Dean is the one who initiated the kiss.
Cas laughs.
He hears Dean shuffling around and sees the light being turned on as opens the door, and hesitantly gets closer to the hunter’s bed even though he can’t bring himself to meet his eyes. He feels a little spark though, a glimmer of relief because it looks like Dean wasn’t sleeping either, even though he had gone to bed a couple of hours ago.
“OKAY OKAY, fine.” Dean interrupts with a panicked look. “Whatever. Just get us home in one piece. Bitch.”
He could hear the emotions and a vulnerability that Dean would only rarely show, and the tone of this voice was so heartbreaking so Castiel felt his throat closing and almost missed the actual apology. He couldn’t help but shudder when his friend finished his prayer. He tried his best to ignore the pain he could feel radiating from his Dean words.  What if he was hurt and had lost hope because Castiel couldn’t find him?
For the first time in a while though, it looks like they’re getting closer to the end of the fight, and even though the threat of the Empty taking Cas is looming over them, it feels like they’re making some progress. For the first time in a long time, they have their hope back, so they even dare to exchange soft, reassuring smiles.
“I know. I just… Look, You’re pretty drunk and I’m far from sober. I don’t think now is the best time.”
Dean hung up, without answering. He felt like he didn’t have the strength anymore. He felt exhausted, empty.
“Stay.” He whispers.
- “Dean.” He called out as his friend was walking past him. The hunter immediately pointed his gun at him, for a split second, before he recognized the angel.
“Come here” Dean interrupts him with no hesitancy and pats the empty side of the bed. Without needing to be asked twice, Castiel lies down, facing away from Dean, feeling the shame take over. His throat feels tight all of a sudden, and he doesn’t want the hunter to see how much he’s struggling. He lets a couple of tears fall down as Dean turns the light off, relieved that he won’t be seen. However, he’s suddenly surrounded by warmth as the hunter has come closer and is now plastered against him, sliding his arms around his waist to hold him close against his own body. Eventually, he feels the hunter’s face leaning in the crook of his neck, so every single part of their bodies are now touching, grounding him.
“You’re a son of a bitch you know that?” Dean whispers against his shoulder. The words sound harsh but there’s no anger in his tone. “You don’t get to say what you said, and then disappear on me forever.” He adds, his voice shaking.
“You look tired.” He finally says.
“My human side, your friend, that’s also part of who I am, who I’ve become by being part of your family.” Castiel says, still not understanding where the conversation is going.
“I don’t believe so. It’s mostly your soul’s reaction that we need to be careful about. But it might be painful for you."
- "You did WHAT?" He said, shaking.
He takes a few deep, shaky breaths, brings his knees closer to his chest, and put his hands on top of them, brings them together in a praying gesture before he realizes that he can’t get any words out. He takes another breath, hoping to release some of the pressure in his chest and throat, but the only thing that comes out his a loud sob. He lets his forehead fall against his hands, and he’s grasping his knuckles so tightly that he’s probably going to end up with bruises. The first tears finally fall from his eyes, followed by many others. He can’t move, but all of a sudden, he can’t stop the words from coming out.
“I love you too.” Castiel replies, and this time Dean’s heart is not breaking, it’s healing. He can’t help but lean in to peck the angel’s lips again. And again.
Dean prayed and now Castiel is back from the Empty. They could be happy now, right?
Because they’re lying in a bed together and because they just kissed, the hug already feels a hundred times more intimate than anything they’ve shared before. Castiel drops his head below Dean’s, in the space between his cheek and his shoulder, and can’t resist dropping a soft kiss on the hunter’s neck as they get closer. He lets out a happy sigh as he feels the hunter shiver and his arms holding him tighter, as if he was trying to get him even closer.
“If we’re going to be spending the night together cuddling, we might as well be wearing comfy clothes.” Dean says taking his jeans off, and Cas can't help but feels a blush creeping up his cheeks at how intimate this feels.
“I’m glad you like it.” Castiel replies, returning his smile.
Truth is, he hadn’t been okay for a while. Maybe ever.
“Let’s go. Together.” The hunter said, voice firm, holding out a slightly trembling hand that the angel immediately grabbed, lacing their fingers together with a shy smile. Dean squeezed his hand with a strong grip and the angel could see a hint of fear in his friend’s eyes. There was no doubt he was reminiscing of the last time they had tried to leave purgatory together but this time, Castiel had no intention of letting go. He squeezed back as they walked through the portal and made it back to the bunker just in time.
“Cas. It’s so good to see you!” He says, his voice trembling.
Dean takes a deep breath and waits for the pain. He can feel Cas’ hand on him, and almost right away, he feels the heat building, spreading through his entire body. But after a few seconds, he realizes that it feels more like lying down at the beach on a hot and sunny day, rather than the uncomfortable heat from Hell, or being trapped in a house on fire.
“I suck at this, and it’s especially difficult after your incredible speech from that night, so I’m just gonna kiss you now, okay?”
Castiel slid down against a tree, feeling slightly dizzy from his wounds that were healing way too slowly, and waited. Without even realizing what he started praying, even though the hunter could not hear him.
“It said it would only take him once he finally allows himself to be happy.” He pauses as they all look defeated. “Cas, I want you to be happy but..” Jack adds with tears in his eyes.
- “Ok.” The hunter sighs, obviously relieved. He pats Cas’ shoulder, letting the touch linger before dragging his hand away. “Goodnight”, he adds before leaving the room.
“I love you too.” Cas replies, his eyes full of tears.
Unfortunately, they’re interrupted by enthusiastic knocks on the door and they barely have time to put some distance between them before Jack barges into the room.
The angel felt an unexpected warmness at the hunter's words. Being included in Dean's family always had this effect on him. And with his latest trip to heaven, he knew he didn't belong there anymore and the Winchesters were the only ones who mattered; he had never been so sure of that, even if he had felt that way for some years now.
“We can’t move him, it might make things worse." the hunter says with a shaky voice. “We could pray to Jack. That has worked before.” He suggests.
When Sam had confessed that he had agreed to work with them as well, Dean hadn’t been as surprised as he probably should have. And he had tried to remain calm, he really had. But the only thing he had been able to do was muttering an “awesome” without looking at his brother, taking his keys and slamming the bunker door.
Dean shuddered when he heard the words coming out of the angel once again, this time in a calm and steady voice that made them even more powerful. But he knew the angel, he knew the worried look on his face and he knew these words were only covering something else.
When he wakes up the next morning, he feels a lot better. He turns to look at Dean, although his hand is not touching him anymore, their bodies are still close enough that he can feel the heat radiating from the hunter’s body.
But this time, he hesitated when he saw the name on the screen. He had wanted to call him since the moment he started the car. But he had been scared. What if he started working with Crowley again? What if he tried to convince him that working with the British wasn’t such a bad idea? What if he agreed with them, and not with him? Could he handle losing him as well?
-	“I’m fine Cas.”
“Dean?” he asks, looking confused. He doesn’t get to ask more questions though, because Dean has now reached him and is squeezing him in a bone-crushing hug.
-	“It’s okay Dean… I’m worried about you. Just tell me where you are.” said the angel in a soft voice.
“What am I sticking around for exactly?” Dean says, shaking, as the tears start falling freely. “Jack is the one who’s gonna defeat Chuck. I’ve always been terrible with the kid, Sam is the one who can help and guide him. I just… I’m useless, Cas. And I can’t… What then? We win, and you’re gone so it won’t ever feel like a win. I’m tired of losing the people I love… I just want the pain to stop. Falling asleep forever, not feeling anything, that doesn’t seem like the worst fate for me, you know? It definitely sounds a lot better than being anywhere without you.”
As they pull apart, Dean sees that the black goo has almost reached their feet. He knows they only have minutes, if not seconds, left.
“I would have either died later, or I would still be wondering what it’s like to be happy, looking over my shoulder all the time, worrying about the Empty finally coming for me. I got to choose how and when it would take me instead, and I got to save you in the process. Nothing you can say will make me regret that decision.” Castiel interrupts, putting a hand on Dean’s shoulder to prevent him from turning away and avoid his gaze.
“Thank you for telling me.” He says, sincerely. “Thank you for loving my brother, and taking care of him the way you do. I know he doesn’t see it, but he deserves it. And you deserve it too.” Castiel huffs at that, so Sam repeats it, louder. "You do deserve it, you both do. Look, I don’t exactly know what’s going on in his head because he’d never talk to me about that, but I know him, and I know he’ll come around eventually. I wish I could shake him and make things go faster, but I don’t think that’s the best approach when it comes to Dean. Hopefully, he won’t make you wait another decade, but I’m sure that conversation will be worth the wait.” He says before leaving the room, leaving Castiel deep in his thoughts, hoping that Sam is right.
“Would you like to lie down?” He offers. He’s a little surprised when Dean nods, but even more when he pulls the covers from under his body and slides under them, into the bed. Right next to Castiel, who feels like his heart is pounding and is doing his absolute best to keep his breathing calm and even. He’s not sure if it’s because he confessed his feeling after repressing them for a decade or if it’s just a side effect of not having his grace to control his emotions anymore, but it has become so hard to hide how in love he is every time they’re in the same room, and the last thing he wants is to make Dean more uncomfortable than he already is.
- “Cas?” He replied, staring with disbelief at his friend who had to hold himself against the tree to stand up.
“You heard?”
Dean knew that by "you", Cas meant him, but also Sam, and probably his mom. But when he was looking at him with his crazy blue eyes, standing so close to him and saying stuff like "I'd rather be with you", Dean's heart was skipping beats, and he couldn't help it.
The kitchen is deadly silent after Dean’s departure. Sam tries to wrap his head around the load of information he just received, Jack seems to deeply regret being responsible for the conversation that just happened, and Castiel feels like he’s suffocating. He desperately wants to leave and get some air, but he knows he needs to talk to Dean, even if it means having to deal with the hunter’s anger.
“Dean, you don’t need to come and tuck me in. I’m fine.” Sam laughs, appreciating the concern. "Night guys" he adds before closing his bedroom door behind him.
“What’s the last thing you remember?”He softly asks.
Miracle circling around them to sniff the angel is what ends up making them let go of each other and they realize that Sam is staring at them, barely repressing a smile, while he’s picking up the broken mug pieces.
In the end, it was Crowley who saved the angel, right when they were about to lose him and Dean had never been more grateful for the King of Hell, even if he would never admit it. He and Sam had helped Cas back to his feet and they went back to their complicated lives, without ever mentioning the words that had been spoken, because, as usual, they had work to do.
Despite the case being in a small town, it took them a couple of days, a lot of time spent questioning the locals and one and a half night in one of the crappiest motel they had ever been to before they managed to locate the nest.
Dean grabs Castiel’s arm, and the angel is about to tell him to run to a safe place without him when he sees his determined look and the blood on the hunter’s side. Knowing that Dean won’t agree to be healed if Castiel doesn’t come with him, he throws the hunter arm above his shoulder, holds him by the waist and walks them to the dungeon.
“What are you doing Castiel?” he says before walking away, although not before slamming the bedroom door behind him.
Castiel nods with a proud smile, and tells them about Jack rescuing him from the Empty, promising to make it quiet again in exchange, and sealing it forever to make sure nobody else could go in and wake the entity up. He tells them about rebuilding Heaven together, focusing on the task for what seemed like a short time, before he realized that several days had passed on earth. He doesn’t mention the prayer from the previous night because he suspects that Sam doesn’t know, and catches Dean’s grateful look.
They have many more people to visit, like Charlie, Ellen, Jo, Ash, and everybody they lost along the way. The good news is, they have all the time in the world.
“Let me go with you.” Dean begs in a hoarse voice and Castiel can tell that he’s panicking. He raises his head to look at the beautiful green eyes that he loves so much but the hunter has turned around, looking at the door.
“How are you feeling Cas? You seem a little out of it.”
“But you don’t have to wait. I can send you there. You should at least go tell them that you’re back.”
- “I’ll take it.” Castiel says firmly, clearly seeing the terror on his friend’s face. Saying that Dean is surprised hearing his words would be an understatement. “You already had the mark of Cain, it might interfere with the spell and we can’t take that risk.” Castiel says in a calm tone. “Plus there’s a chance my grace might help bearing it”, he adds, trying to sound reassuring although they both know it is very unlikely. The angel’s grace had faded a lot, and even if he had been at full strength, the mark was very powerful and they both knew it.
“Why?”
-	“Good. See you later.” Cas said in a soothing voice.
Eventually, he falls asleep too, and with a smile on his face.
The second time it happened, it was just a text.
As the angel’s last words resonate, Dean wonders if Cas had already started falling in love with him back then.
He had been touching Dean more and more often as the years went by and their friendship had grown stronger, and it was the second time that day that they ended up holding onto each other, but this felt different. Usually, the hunter was clasping his shoulders, his body hard and strong even though he was always slightly melting into the embrace. Right now though, he is just a dead weight in Castiel’s arms, holding onto him like a lifeline. He had wrapped his arms around him, a lot lower than usual, hands clutching his coat, and he had buried his face in his neck, breathing deeply. The angel moves the hand that was holding onto his friend’s shoulder to rub his arm in a soothing gesture.
“I missed you so much buddy.” He whispers against the angel’s ear, before burying his face in the warmth of his neck. He doesn’t know how long he’ll be around, so he decides to make the most of it, hug him for as long as he can.
As usual though, things don’t go as planned, but a few hours later, they are all back to the bunker and even though Chuck is still around and Eileen has to leave, at least they are all alive and made it back home together, which definitely counts as a win.
“I won’t give up on you, I promise I’m gonna come find you. Gonna get you out of there. I love you so much.” He whispers against his skin, pressing as many soft kisses as possible into it.
He slides an arm around Castiel’s waist, who grips his shoulder, and heads towards one of the bathrooms.  Castiel tries to protest, wanting to head straight to bed, and Dean quickly interrupts his mumbling.
“What do you want, Billie? Sam and Jack are not back yet.” Dean says, lowering his gun but still suspicious.
Before having time to process what he was doing, he answered the phone.
Cas sighs. He would have to tell Dean about his deal with the Empty sooner than later. But for tonight, he was just going to let himself enjoy the moment.
- "No, it was a waste of time. They don't know what they're doing." Castiel couldn't hide how annoying it had been, wasting his time going back to heaven, thinking they might have a lead on Kelly Kline and a solution for the Nephilim, instead of being where he really wanted, at the bunker with the Winchesters. "I won't be going back to heaven." He added. "I'd rather be with you."
“Hello Dean. I got you some coffee.”
-	“Did Sam call you?” Dean asked, suspicious.
Then, the angel had apologized and left with the tablet. By the time he came back, so much had happened that they never spoke about the words that had been said.
His wounds still bleeding, Castiel decides to go to the bathroom, to clean himself up, taking a few minutes to heal with his weakened grace, while Dean is gathering the rest of the ingredients for the spell from the bunker’s storage room.
“Cas… I’m…” Jack starts.
- “Dean… What’s wrong?” the angel quietly asks, slowly walking towards him.
He gets out of the Impala when he reaches the river and grabs the fishing gear that had magically appeared it the trunk at some point. He hadn’t been around for that long, but had already stopped questioning Heaven’s tricks. After all, it meant he was getting pie, beer and his Baby. He didn’t always need to eat, or sleep and had no idea of how time worked up here, but he had decided to go along with the process.
- “Goodnight Dean.” He whispers.
Cas gives him a sad look, so he keeps talking.
He smiles, searching for the green eyes he loves so much and waits as he can feel in Dean’s demeanor that there is more he wants to say.
Even if their future wasn’t necessarily looking bright, they were ready to fight, tooth and nail, weathering one storm at a time.
The ride back is quiet but peaceful, and Dean keeps glancing at Cas in the rearview mirror, as he can’t help but think about his soul and the angel’s grace connecting in such a special way. It should have been painful, but instead had felt really good. Wasn’t that supposed to mean something? Why was the angel so silent since he had pulled back? Had he seen anything he shouldn’t have?
“Look who’s talking.” Dean jokes.  He becomes serious again. “I was done Cas. We played our part, and sacrificed so much along the way. We saved the world. Everybody was at peace and ready to move on. I just chose to be happy for once.”
He was alive and he had his mother back, and it was a lot to process so he didn’t even think about the text until he was back to the bunker, face to face with the angel. He barely had time to think about the awkward situation he might have put himself in though. Within seconds Cas had jumped into his arms and hugged him desperately, as if his life depended on it.
“Do you remember what I said when we first met?” Castiel asks as he detaches himself from the hunter just to meet his eyes. “Good things do happen Dean. You deserve it.”
“What the hell Cas? Let the kid talk” Dean interrupts. He’s worried now, because it sounds like he’s about to find out about yet another secret and he’s not going to like it.
After sitting alone for a while, he decides to grab a few books from the library and go to his room to do some research. He reads the same page at least three times when he realizes that he is dozing off and his eyelids are feeling heavy. He had used a lot of grace in Purgatory, and he is feeling exhausted, but he doesn’t want to sleep. He needs to feel useful. He decides to go and check on his friends instead.
Hope you like it though :)
- "Dean, what I said when I was dying… I meant it. You're my family, the three of you. " said the angel in a soft voice. "And I love you." He added, trying to keep his voice from shaking.
“So, Cas, it’s so good to have you back!” He says, clasping the angel’s shoulder as he sits next to him. “How did you get out? It was Jack wasn’t it?”
-	“Where are you?”
“Jack, don’t.” Castiel says, trying to prevent yet another drama from disturbing the Winchesters’ life.
Months ago, this wouldn’t have necessarily been a problem. They used to spend a lot of time together, without talking. Castiel understood that words weren’t always necessary and because they knew each other pretty well, silence wasn’t necessarily uncomfortable.
Dean tries to get closer, almost straddling Cas, making him moan deeply and he know he needs to hear that sound again, sooner than later.
While the angel was coming to terms with that realization, Dean feels the panic rise in his chest. He had barely survived it the first time around, things had become out of control so quickly. How long would he be able resist the second time around?
Dean has been hovering around room 7B ever since they stepped back into the bunker, five days ago. It’s been seven days since they beat Chuck, and ten since Castiel was taken away.
“You’re doing great.” The angel whispers in a soothing tone. “You’ve been through so much, there’s been a lot of trauma in your life, and despite all of that, and you’re still the best man I’ve ever met.”
They don’t disappoint, and they also bring him some clothes back, including some flannel, "because it's the Winchester trademark" Dean says, making the angel feel incredibly pleased. He had noticed earlier that his and Jack's name has been carved next to Dean, Sam, and Mary, but every reminder that they really considered him part of their family was heartwarming.
This is it. The retirement, the peace and quiet, the happiness he’s always wanted. The final death. Ironically, it feels like the beginning of the rest of his life.
“Then how?” asks Sam, while Dean is just speechless as he feels his world crumbling.
“So, ready to spend eternity together?” Dean asks with a wink.
"No, it’s fine. You’re back now, that’s all I need. There’s just been a lot going on, and now there’s a lot of moving on to do, moving forward and I have no idea what I’m doing.” Dean says, dropping his head to avoid his gaze again.
Too soon, the angel pulls back and Dean can’t help but shiver at how cold and empty he suddenly feels. He opens his eyes to find Castiel staring at him with an unusual glint in his gaze.
It was subtle, but Dean looked slightly disappointed. Almost as if he wasn’t about to repeat his apology, but say something else.
, Dean can’t help but think, before kissing his angel again.
“Surprisingly fine. That didn’t hurt at all.” Replies Dean, not mentioning the fact that he couldn’t remember the last time he had felt at peace like that. Because feeling so good while the angel was in him or whatever was weird, right? “Are you juiced up enough to heal Sammy?” he asks.
- "You could have died on that stupid mission Cas!" Dean interrupted his friend, the anger and fear back in his voice. "We almost lost you and who came to the rescue when shit got bad? Crowley! Even the freaking King of Hell is more trustworthy than those assholes!" Dean stepped back from Cas' personal space and started pacing around his friend, trying to calm his nerves.
As soon as he steps into the room, it’s like the air is punched out of his lungs. His knees feel weak, and he can barely make it to the wall the angel had pushed him against that night before he collapses. He’s sitting on the floor now, in the very spot he was the only time he actually let himself cry for Castiel, as he had been paralyzed by the shock of everything that had happened a few minutes before.
Dean wakes up the next morning with a smile on his face. Not used to spending the night entwined with another body, he woke up a few times to find Cas happily snoring against him which made him fall right back into a peaceful sleep every single time. This morning though, he's a bit disappointed to find that the angel has already left. He sighs, thinking about the missed opportunity of lying in bed together, exchanging lazy kisses. His sulking is cut short a few minutes later though, when the angel enters the room with two steaming cups in his hands.
They stay silent for a while, Castiel waiting for his friend to fall asleep to put his grace to work if the nightmares come back, and Dean, lost in thoughts, too distracted by the angel’s presence on his bed to fall asleep. He could barely contain his feelings for his best friend and was starting to believe that they weren’t unrequited. “We are”, Castiel had said about them when Dean had started doubting anything in his life was real.
“I’m aware.” Castiel replies, confused.
“Can we talk?” Dean says, turning around to look at the angel. He might not usually be the one initiating deep conversations, but the angel being even quieter than usual for a whole day after the moment they had shared is already driving him crazy.
Once he’s done praying, he lets his head fall against the wall behind him, drained. The tears keep rolling down his face, but the sobs are quieter now, as if talking to the angel had helped lifting some of the suffocating pressure he has been feeling. He doesn’t have the strength to move yet, so he stares at the spot where Castiel was standing when he said he loved him. He keeps staring for what feels like hours and he can’t unsee the angel’s face, his eyes full of tears, and his beautiful smile as he uttered those words. Dean feels like he won’t ever be able to stop crying, but he knows it’s better to let as many tears as possible out now, so he can pretend that he’s fine when Sam looks at him tomorrow. He just wishes he had brought some whiskey with him, but he had been afraid to drink the whole bottle before even stepping into this room. Cas deserved better than a drunken prayer.
This heat is familiar, comfortable. It’s feels like Cas, and at the same time, it feels like coming home.
Once again though, he’s afraid of making Dean feel uncomfortable. So as usual, since he always wakes up first, he slowly detaches himself from Dean and leaves the room, heads to the kitchen, and prepares some coffee.
“How did the hunt go?” she asks while letting them in the house.
- "Well, did they have anything?"
“Then I want to try. We’re talking about Sammy’s life here. I guess if my eyes start burning or something, just pull out, okay?” Dean says with a cocky grin, trying to sound reassuring.
- “Talk to me” begs Castiel in a voice so soft that Dean was only able to hear him because they were pressed against each other and couldn’t physically get any closer.
The angel only replies with a smile. He’s quiet, but as they sit in the car once the house is fully burning and before the locals start showing up, they drive away and Dean can feel his gaze boring holes in the back of his head. After all these years, he was used to the angel’s intense stares, but this was different. He could almost feel his soul burning at the intensity.
- “I wasn’t planning on saying goodbye last year because I knew I wouldn’t have the strength to leave if you asked me to stay. Sam figured it out, otherwise I wouldn’t have said goodbye either. I wasn’t strong enough to say no to either of you. I was afraid that you would offer to come with me, like you did for Amara, and I wouldn’t be able to resist.” He says in a low voice. “But please don’t think that means I don’t care about you, understood?” He adds, trying to lighten the mood.
Now he was driving, without really knowing where to. It had been a couple of hours since he had left the bunker and he still didn’t know what to do or where to go.
- “Well they’re still after me. We should hurry.” He said, trying to sound as casual as possible. Reuniting with his best friend had definitely been the highlight of these past few months, but the last thing they needed was to get stuck in Purgatory.
They started walked towards the rift while Dean checked his phone and announced: “Just about a minute left, let’s not waste any time here.”
He figured the best way to find his friend and possibly go back to the bunker on time was to wait for him. If he searched through Purgatory, they could be running in circles for days before finding one another and the Leviathans would probably find him first.
They spend the rest of the morning catching up, the Winchester telling their side of the story of how they defeated Chuck, and when Sam mentions that Dean is the one who decided to not kill him, because they were better than that, he doesn’t miss the look that his brother and the angel exchange, and the proud smile on Castiel’s face.
“It’s dangerous, Dean.” Cas replies, trying to keep his voice calm.
Dean tells Cas about the roadtrip they went on after Amara brought back everybody who had disappeared because of Chuck, including Eileen who had permanently moved in with them to be with Sam. He tells him about going to the beach to sip on fruity cocktails, toes in the sand. About showing the Grand Canyon and the Niagara Falls to Jack for the first time. About all the burgers and pies they got to try on the road.
“I know Sam, I apologize. I couldn’t seem to find the right words, or the right time. I need to talk to Dean now.”
I realize that I promised to post this chapter about two months ago, and then life got in the way. I wrote 80% of this story in one go, so it was hard to get back into it after so long, and I'm not totally satisfied with how I ended things, but I think it was about time I finished this story and moved onto something else. My brain is full of season 15 coda ideas (probably my way to cope with that incredibly underwhelming ending?) so you might see me around here soon!
“You’re dead become of me.” Cas whispers, shocked by the revelation.
Their trip to Purgatory was going as well as they could have imagined. The Leviathans were still desperate to kill Castiel, and he had gotten separated from Dean. The monsters had left the hunter behind when they had captured the angel, in a rush to get him to Eve, but there was no guarantee that there weren’t more monsters hiding, just waiting to attack the Winchester while he was on the ground. Castiel had managed to free himself from the Leviathans once they were far enough from Dean, seeing an opportunity in a clearing full of the blossoms they had been looking for, and just before they made it to Eve. The fight had been difficult as his power were failing and he had been outnumbered, but he had managed to kill two of the monsters and escaped from the rest, and after an hour or so, it looked like he had finally managed to lose them. He was hurt, and too weak to heal himself right away, but he had the blossom and he could make it back to the rift. He just had to find Dean first.
As they had left the motel at dawn, it’s early enough for them to go back there to have quick showers and grab a light breakfast, before calling Jody to let her know they were heading west to Sioux Falls and would arrive just in time for lunch.
Castiel nods, speechless. And finally,
* THEN *
- “What’s wrong?” The angel asks, worried, as he approaches his friend.
Considering that Sam and Eileen had both been stuck with Chuck earlier that day while Dean and Cas almost got trapped in Purgatory, this day could have been much worse, Dean thought while chugging his third glass of whiskey.
“You gotta stop doing that.” He says a little louder than anticipated. As he sees the confusion in Castiel’s eyes, he adds: “Behaving like your whole existence is a burden, like you haven’t been there for us, for me, over and over again. Acting like you’re expendable, like you don’t realize you’re family. I know that you deserve much better than everything I’ve put you through, but by now you should know that I need you Cas. You gotta know I’d do anything for you to stay and to be safe.” He ends up taking a deep breath and closing his eyes, trying to fight the tears threatening to make an appearance.
That's a wrap on this one!
- “Even if I asked you? Even to save the world?” Castiel asks shyly, his thumb softly stroking the hunter’s cheek.
He takes his time to finish his tea and he's about to stand up to rinse his cup when Dean storms in, and makes a beeline for the fridge to grab a beer. He seems disturbed, and Castiel clears his throat to signal his presence. Dean jumps when he realizes he's not alone.
“He’s okay with it. Hell, it wasn’t easy and we definitely had a major chick-flick moment. But he’s happy for us and he’s ready for a new life. Jack was a bit more reluctant but he ended up being the one reaping me. I don’t think a reaper is supposed to cry that much and I don’t think the person dying is supposed to hug their reaper to comfort them, but the kid did a good job, and he’ll get to visit soon. And when Sam get his ass over here, we’ll get to visit him.” Dean explains, grinning.
- “I just did it for Sam before finding you here and I feel fine. Let me do the same for you, please.” Castiel begs. “I’ll just need to rest to recharge. Maybe sleep an hour or two.” He adds matter of factly.
- "Why are you telling me that?" He replied, harsher than he first meant to.
Cas doesn’t reply but his toothy grin speaks more than a thousand words. Dean decides that he needs to take every chance he can get to see it more often. He grabs some pajamas, throws some out to the angel who looks at him, tilting his head.
“Hey, it gave us enough time to run away!” Dean protests. He tries to stand straight but clutches his side and suddenly looks so pale that he’s probably very close to passing out.
The angel knows that there is more to it for his friend to have a breakdown and barely even try to hide it, but knows that there was no point insisting right now, the hunter was way too stubborn.
This was the moment Dean realized he was more afraid of losing the angel forever than of being killed. Cas had his blade raised in the air, ready to murder him, and the only thing he could do was cling to the angel, hold his wrist and hope that he would see in his eyes how much the hunter loved him.
From that point, things happen quickly. The Empty marches towards them; obviously aiming for Castiel with a replica of Death’s scythe and the angel gets pushed out of the way by Dean; who throws some oily oil and his lighter towards Billie’s doppelgänger. The creature catches fire and screams, and while it will definitely slows it down; they both know it won’t be enough to kill it.
“I’m so glad you’re back. It didn’t really feel like a win without you.” Dean whispers before letting out a shaky sigh. Castiel doesn’t move for a bit, because he realizes that the hunter is taking advantage of the dark to say what he couldn’t when they were talking in the kitchen, and he wonders if now if the moment they’re going to acknowledge the declaration Castiel made that night. Dean doesn’t say anything else though, but his fingers softly start tracing patterns on the angel’s skin, leaving goosebumps behind them.
"And earlier today, when Eileen and I were gone, what were you up to then? He abruptly asks.
He tells him everything. How Michael ended up being the one who saved the day, managing to reach out to Amara and how they overpowered Chuck together, keeping balance in the world. How they were rebuilding Heaven with more angels, with Michael taking its lead so that Amara would be free to roam around the Earth she had come to love so much. How Jack somehow became a reaper after exploding in the empty, probably sucking in some energy to stay alive. What a great job he was doing, because he was kind and compassionate like Castiel. How he still preferred to spend time with his family, as much as he could, and would be able to come and visit them both in Heaven, thanks to his powers.
“When things got really bad between us, it might have crossed my mind. You said I was dead to you so for a while, I thought it didn’t matter. But above all, you have enough on you plate and this is my burden to carry, not yours. It shouldn’t be and I didn’t want you to take this as yet another mission, another thing to fix in the universe.”
“I know I’ve said things, before the Empty took me that have changed our friendship and probably made you uncomfortable.” Cast interrupts. “Sam said you wanted to see me though, so I thought I’d give it a try.” He adds.
His eyes have been closed for a few minutes, feeling the slumber quickly taking over, when he hears soft, almost shy, knock on his door.
They stand in silence for a while. Dean reveling in the words, so similar to what Castiel had said before he died, but this time, it wasn’t ending with him getting sucked in the Empty. He would be able to think about those words in the future and it won't only bring back awful memories.
It wasn’t the right time but he hope he would find that right time in the near future. Instead, he squeezed gently the angels’ arm to let him know he heard him. Then, he reluctantly ended their hug and Cas started asking questions really fast.
Dean furiously blushes, for what feels like the tenth time tonight, thinking he’s going too fast as they haven’t even actually talked about their feelings. But then, he sees that Cas is still smiling, obviously teasing him so he childishly decides to throw a pillow at him.
Castiel would like to visit Jimmy and Amelia next. He pretty much owes his happiness to the man, and letting them know how amazing Claire has grown to be is a small retribution compared to everything he got from taking Jimmy as his vessel.
He quickly closes the door behind them and closes his eyes for a second, letting the fear take over. He didn’t think he’d ever be ready to go, but he’s certainly not ready now, and the last thing he wants is Dean to die trying to save him. The hunter grunts bring him back to reality and he turns to face his friend who is still holding onto him, wincing in pain.
"Jody, I love your cooking but after that hunt, and the crappy mattress I've slept on the past couple of nights, I'm ready to be reunited with my memory foam." Dean chuckles. Everybody else agrees to go back on the road, Jack’s condition being that they stop at the nice diner that's on their way, about three hours from Lebanon and Dean definitely can't say no to that.
When I wrote the first part, I had no idea where I was going with it and I wasn't even sure about writing a second part. But I got sort of inspired so here is the second and last part of this short story !
When he got to the parking lot of the motel where Cas was waiting for him, he felt a wave of relief overwhelming him. Almost immediately followed by a wave a fear. For some reason, and he wasn't even sure why, he was dreading this encounter with the angel.
- “You don’t have to say it.” Assured Cas. “I heard your prayer.” He finished in a soft tone. He knew how difficult it was for the hunter to open up and didn’t need to hear his apology in person. The prayer had been more than he could have expected, and he was just grateful that his friend had been honest, and still cared about him after everything they had been through. He gave him a reassuring smile.
Cas doesn’t reply but immediately heads towards Sam, who’s still miraculously conscious, but paler than before. The angel’s hands start glowing as soon as they are on his friend’s shoulders. A minute later, Sam is back on his feet, his shirt stained by blood but his wounds fully healed and Dean strides towards them, to give a quick i'm-so-glad-you're-alive hug to his brother, and pats the angel's shoulder. Sam also gives Cas a hug, and heads out to the car, still feeling a little wobbly, after Dean and Cas tell him that they'll take care of all the dead headless bodies.
When Sam and Jack finally make it back home a few hours later, with the final ingredients needed for the spell against Chuck, Dean still hasn’t moved.
He can tell his friend is still tense, and they probably need to have an actual conversation but he knows that Dean’s prayer had been emotionally difficult on him, and with everything else going on, their relationship didn’t seem to be a priority. For now, Castiel is just relieved to be at home with his friends and that the anger that had been building between the hunter and him since Mary’s death had finally disappeared.
He couldn’t say those three words back because it would be admitting that Cas was dying, it would be saying goodbye and he couldn’t do that. Instead, he told him they were not going to leave him, gave him a quick speech about family, trying to ignore how bad the angel looked. And he went back to fight, because that was the only thing he could do.
- "You were busy and… well, I didn't mean to add to your distress. I… Dean, I just keep failing. Again and again. When you were taken, I searched for months and I couldn't find you. And then Kelly escaped on my watch, and I couldn't find her. And I just wanted… I needed to come back here with a win for you. For myself." Cas lowered his head, ashamed. He removed his hand from Dean's shoulder, letting fall against his body, but he gasped when he felt the hunter's hand closing around his wrist, as if he was trying to keep him close. "I wanted to keep you out of this. I…I was trying to keep you safe." He added, avoiding his friend's gaze.
Dean picks a random city, about 2 hours away from the bunker, because it’s been a while since he has just enjoyed driving on the open road with him family while belting out classic rock. They agree on a nice steakhouse with a promising menu, get dressed and are all piled up in the Impala within minutes. Sam and Eileen are in the backseat, because sitting next to each other makes it easier to communicate. And that way, Dean and Cas who are in the front seat and keep stealing glances at each other, don’t realize that they’re being made fun of in ASL just behind their backs.
It had started shyly, a few years before, and had almost become a ritual ever since.
“What?” the angel looks taken aback.
“Yes. Sam and I were talking as we were reorganizing the library and he mentioned at some point that nobody had touched the room since the night I disappeared. I thought it could use a little scrubbing.“ Castiel proudly replies. Seeing the frown on Dean’s face, he’s worried he might have overstepped in a way. “Is that a problem? That sigil wasn’t effective anymore but if you think we might need it, I can replicate it.”
“I’m good.” He says. “Let’s get to bed.” He adds, grabbing the angel’s hand to lead him towards his bedroom. He doesn’t seem to realize what he’s doing until they enter Castiel’s room and finally drops his hand before lying down on the bed and staring at the ceiling.
“Are you alright?” Castiel asks softly.
That leaves Dean alone with Cas, and he suddenly feels a little anxious.
- "Hum…sorry…I…" Dean blushed when he pulled himself out of the angel's strong arms but still being so close to him that he could feel the heat radiating from his body. Years ago, he would have been embarrassed by this lack of personal space, now he just found it comforting.
“He started praying to me soon after he got here. He was wondering if I was around since he’d been told I was working with Jack and wanted to hear from us. To catch up.  Jack said he didn’t want to interfere in the part of Heaven filled with humans, even though he misses you both. But he’s watching over you, we both are. I felt like it might be better not to meddle as well, but my willpower is less strong that Jack’s and I did go to see Sam eventually. It was great seeing him after all this time, and he said that just because you weren’t calling didn’t mean you didn’t want to see me.”
Dean clears his throat, not sure he’ll be able to participate in a conversation so quickly after one hell of a make out session.
“This is a memory. But I’m not.” Dean replies softly, waiting for Cas to figure things out. He slides his hands up to his face and slowly strokes his cheeks with his thumbs.
Sam nods, and pats his shoulder in a silent “good luck.”
“I’d love to keep this going but I ain’t getting younger. I need a few hours of sleep.” He says.
-	“I don’t know man, I’ve been driving for hours and I don’t even know where I’m going” Dean sighed, exasperated. “Seems like I am not far from Omaha.” He added after passing a sign.
- “Okay.” Dean caves. He takes a deep breath and asks shyly: “Will you stay with me?”
The following morning, Sam and Dean are almost done eating breakfast in a peaceful silence when they hear the sound of the bunker door, and someone slowly walking down the stairs. Sam bolts out of the room first, excited like a puppy, because they’re expecting Eileen to arrive later that day, so he assumes she’s just early. Miracle is following, wagging his tail, curious to see what’s going on. Dean is more careful, and grabs the gun taped under the kitchen table. With Chuck gone, Heaven and Hell in order and Jack watching over the world, he can’t imagine what monster would dare coming directly to them, but a hunter can never be too careful. He brings his coffee mug with him, determined to finish drinking it and feel completely awake, but drops it when he finally enters the war room and catches a glimpse of black hair and a trench coat engulfed in Sam’s arms in a bone-crushing hug.
His heart misses a beat when he realizes that even though the park is completely empty now, there’s a figure slowly approaching the benches, and it can only be one person. He starts walking towards him. The angel must have been used to the silence already because he seems to hear his steps right away and turns to face him.
Like the previous one, as soon as Dean is up, they pretend that nothing has changed in their relationship. It’s like they didn’t spend the past couple of nights in the same bed, almost cuddling.  Like Dean doesn’t know how desperately in love Castiel is.
“Long story. I guess we should catch up on everything.” Dean replies, before he quickly heads to the kitchen and starts another coffee pot to ignore the butterflies that disturb him when he looks at the angel. Castiel and Sam exchange a glance and follow him.  As soon as they’re all seated around the table, Sam starts asking questions:
The hunt was in Minnesota, just a couple hours away from Sioux Falls, so they decided to drop Jack off at Jody’s on the way. They all felt like the kid could really use a break after everything he had been through. And since he had gotten his soul back, he seemed even more worried than before about having to use his powers and losing control. Plus, Claire and Kaia were looking forward to spend time with him, so all in all, it seemed like the best idea.
The hunter sits up, throwing the covers away and turns to Cas.
Sam and Jack are away, retrieving some ingredients that Billie said would be required for their fight against God, and that they didn’t have at the bunker. They had been able to find everything relatively easily though, and were on their way back to the bunker. They all know that even though the spell to kill Chuck looks promising, there’s always a risk, and one of them might not make it.
“Wait, am I interrupting something?” Jack suddenly asks, looking weirdly disappointed.
“I understand Dean. I’m sorry I keep giving you reasons to be angry at me.”
He had had time to say goodbye to his family and he knew he was doing the right thing. He just had that one last regret and he knew he had to do something about it.  Right before entering the garden where Amara was waiting, he took his phone out of his pocket, typed the three words and hit “send” before having any second thoughts.
Then, they’ll go to see Mary and John. Dean cringes a little at the idea of introducing his dad to his ex-angel boyfriend whom he chose to die for. But he knows his dad loves him, in his own way, and being reunited with the love of his life has probably softened him. He also knows that Mary loves Cas like family and will be happy for them.
He lies back down on the bed, turning his whole body towards the angel. He seems hesitant, but after a few minutes, Dean’s hand emerges from under the cover to rest on the angel’s stomach. Castiel slowly slides down the bed, until his face is close to Dean’s, and he shifts his body to be able to wrap one arm around the hunter’s shoulder, holding him close. So close that they could feel each other breathing.
- “I know I’ve been an asshole to you, especially lately, but I could never do that.” Dean says after a while, his eyes closed again.
“I love you too.” Dean whispers, and Castiel’s smile gets bigger, brighter than the sun.
Dean does not reply but nods. After another minute of silence, he gets up but stops next to the angel to ask:
On that third night though, Dean doesn’t say anything as they get ready to go to sleep. So, Cas brushes his teeth and heads straight to his bedroom, only to find it empty. He’s disappointed, but Dean did mention the previous night that his bed was more comfortable, and it’s not like he invited him to come to his room. Maybe it was his way to gently let him know that he wouldn’t be sharing Castiel’s bed anymore. Maybe he had woken up at some point, with the angel holding him, and had remembered that there were still a lot of unspoken things between them, that the embrace was less than platonic, and had decided that he needed some space.
“JACK! I said no!” interrupts Cas in a voice so deep and powerful that it feels like the bunker’s walls are trembling.
Cas laughs quietly and starts undressing, and he can tell that the hunter is having a hard time avoiding to look at his body. He puts the t-shirt on and, deciding against the pajamas pants and lies down next to Dean. They stare at each other for a few minutes, all smiles but as if they were afraid to touch the other again. Dean gives him a quick peck on the lips and turn around to turn the lights off. Once in the complete dark, it seems easier for their bodies to find each other, and Dean ends up with his head on Castiel's shoulder, one hand on his stomach and his legs slotted against the angel's who's embracing him. He lets out a happy sigh, and is already falling asleep by the time Cas whispers "Goodnight, Dean."
“Hello Dean.”
I know I said this was going to be a One shot that I then decided to split into two chapters, but turns out there are three chapters now? I'm almost done, I promise. Hope you like it :)
“No” Sam says, his voice getting weaker. “That might draw’s Chuck attention. We can’t risk it.” He adds, staring at his brother. His voice might be weak, but his tone is firm.
Hi everyone,
Dean and Castiel exchange an awkward smile, which makes Jack realizes how happy they look and he snaps.
“I trust you Cas.” After a pause, he asks in a softer voice: “Will it be dangerous for you?”
-	“Can we meet in Des Moines? I was on my way back to the bunker from Chicago. I should be there in a couple of hours, approximately the same time as you.”
Castiel nods, somewhat relieved. However, things are different now. They both finish changing in silence, facing away from each other and when they lie down on the bed, they both stare at the ceiling, a chasm and so much tension between them that they’re not sure how they’re going to fall asleep. However, the alcohol in their systems helps, and they end up passing out almost at the same time.
“Of course Dean.”
“I should have protected you.” He says, his voice tight with emotion.
“Oh, Dean.” Castiel says, putting a hand on the hunter's shoulder, the one he always touches, a gesture they both know so well now and that seems to be enough for Dean’s last walls to crumble. He crashes against the angel, arms around his shoulders, holding him tight.
“It went fine last time.” Dean insists.
But when he got closer and saw the shy smile on his best friend's face, the only thing he could do was to throw himself in his arms. He felt that Cas was surprised at first, not used to such a display of affection. Sure, they were hugging more and more often. But most of the time, it was because one of them had been hurt or dying. Not because they were sad and seeking for comfort. But the angel relaxed quickly and put his arms around the hunter's shoulders.
Still looking at the hunter with his head slightly tilted, which Dean found adorable even though he would never admit it, Cas said:
Dean stares at the big white door with his name on it and wipes his sweaty palms on his jeans for the third time since he arrived in front of it.
He’s heading towards the table to sit down when Sam casually asks: “Dean’s still asleep?’
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas nods, stunned, as it suddenly all comes back to him. Billie chasing them, almost killing Dean, and his sacrifice to save him. The relief of finally being able to tell him how he felt and everything he meant to him, and the peace and happiness this moment brought him. He remembers the pure shock on Dean’s face and his broken plea. He remembers the Empty, taking him. He remembers being stuck there, with a very angry entity and how he was tortured for a while, relieving his worst moments.
“It’s not your fault I died.” He finally says.
“I missed you too.” He replies. Dean can feel him take a deep breath, something so human for an angel, before adding: “I wasn’t sure you wanted to see me.”
As the first tears fall, he feels the air shifting. It’s subtle, but familiar. As he’s about to turn around, he hears a voice he didn’t think he’d ever hear again.
- “Okay Cas, I need to say something.” Started Dean, taking a deep breath, before they both could move.
Dean makes PB&J sandwiches for lunch, for Cas and him only, completely ignoring Sam who probably wants something healthier anyway, and the younger Winchester can’t find the strength to complain, because it’s the happiest his brother has looked in a really long time, and as Eileen gets closer to arriving, Sam can’t stop smiling either.
“Come back to bed.” He adds quickly. He might be in love with the guy, but it was too early to talk about feelings. Castiel is happy to comply, and goes back under the covers carefully and hands Dean his cup of coffee. Pressed against each other, they sit in silence, sipping their coffee and enjoying the moment. Once their cups are empty, Dean takes them and places them on his bedside table before turning towards the angel.
- “You can’t waste your grace on me Cas” The hunter tried to protest, feeling guilty when he thinks about how much grace the angel had probably used to fight the Leviathans.
Castiel quietly checks his phone on the nightstand and realizes that they’ve been asleep for about seven hours. He thinks about Dean’s prayer and is pretty sure that the hunter hasn’t slept that much since they defeated Chuck. And he was barely even sleeping before that, so it’s good to see him getting a good night of sleep. He smiles as he admires how peaceful his friend finally looks in his sleep, the eternal frown caused by stress slowly fading away.
- “I made it?” Asked Dean, surprised. After all, he hadn’t been the ones taken away by Leviathans and currently bleeding.
-	“You are the most infuriating person I have ever met, you know that?” interrupted Cas, clearly annoyed. “We need to talk Dean, let’s meet. Please.” He added in a softer voice.
He got closer to the hunter a put a hand on his shoulder and forced him to turn around and look at him.
“Watch the road, and don’t crash my baby.”
Hurts Like Hell - Fleurie
“Sorry sunshine, but you still are.” Dean replies with a smile.
For a minute, they’re too surprised to talk and just stare at each other, worried.
For the first time in a long time, it feels like they’re drifting apart, because Sam is mourning his best friend, and the many people they’ve lost along the way, also somewhat mourning Jack’s absence, but he’s also finally at peace and ready to do something else with his life. Meanwhile, Dean is angry, heartbroken and stuck in a loop of guilt, self-hatred and sadness, because the angel’s words are seared in his brain and have changed him forever, made him a better person, but he also knows that Castiel wouldn’t be dead if it weren’t for him.
“Is he doing it on purpose?” Eileen asks.
Dawn is filtering through the cheap curtains when Dean wakes again. He shifts his legs, scrunches his face. They’re each curled on their sides, facing each other, with enough space between them that the last remnants of Dean’s internalized homophobia can rest easy. He opens his eyes to Cas staring at him already.
He turns and starts walking, then sort of jogging down the hall, up the stairs, through the doors, up another set of stairs, and through the door. As soon as he pops out, a gust of wind pulls goose bumps out of his skin. He’s wearing a thin t-shirt and a flannel, and it’s not quite enough. It’s a chilly spring night, and the creaking metal of the hatch door cuts into the soft bed of cricket song. But Cas doesn’t turn around.
From down the hall, though muffled by a closed door, they can hear Eileen shriek, “I
Dean chews on this a moment. “So you uh…you hiding out up here all night, then?”
“I’m—I am!” Cas yells back.
“You again,” she sneers. Her dark eyes dart around. “I don’t have time for this.”
But Cas just uses the hall mirror to confirm the woman isn’t human, its slimy pale skin and sunken eyes twisting to get a hold on its prey. Then he blips right behind them, shoving his angel blade through her neck and slicing down with a satisfying series of crunches. The man screams, of course, so Cas lifts two fingers to his head and puts him to sleep.
“It was at a strip club,” Dean stares out the windshield, a small smile forming, “Talk about a dream case.”
As the shout trails into a whimper, her head lolls and she opens her eyes, jerking suddenly when startled by the company. She shimmers invisible almost instinctively, before reappearing.
?” Gabriel guffaws. “Did you—Did—You
anything,” he mutters after a beat.
“What, you gonna train me?” Dean laughs, throwing another punch.
Eileen looks around the room suspiciously. “Have we checked everywhere?”
“We need answers,” Eileen notes. “What do they want? Can we use a devil’s trap on them?”
He means to say something like, “How’s
over and over.
That night Dean dreams. He’s fighting with Cas in his room again, his back against the wall. Cas is shaking him, holding him by both shoulders. Deans arms are filled with sand. He tries to lift them, to punch Cas in the ribs. But he just grabs his waist and holds there for a second. Then Cas punches him square in the jaw, knocking his vision to a blur. It doesn’t hurt, but Dean touches a finger to his face and pulls back blood.
“You guys love to do that, don’t you,” Dean growls, gripping the washing machine door.
Dean thinks about baseball. He thinks about C-Span, car engines, shapeshifter skin piles. Then with no warning he grabs Cas by the shoulders, pushes up on his feet, and, with all the strength he has, flips him. For a second, he triumphantly grins just a few inches from Cas’s face, breath hot and forceful. His gaze involuntarily travels down to Cas’s lips where his tongue pokes out to wet them.
“Yeah, okay,” Dean says, something heavy dropping from his throat into his stomach. Cas disappears again.
“If you say predictable, I’m gonna punch you,” Dean mutters despite his racing heart.
He heaves a full-body sigh. The stupid halo is on the floor; Cas must’ve dropped it when he disappeared.
“Wasn’t sure you were gonna make it out of your room today,” Dean chides from the doorway. Cas scowls, one hand cupping his forehead, the other blindly searching for the soft bag of grounds.
It is late afternoon by the time he pads into the kitchen, opening cabinets in search of coffee. It is the one food item he knows both where it is stored and how to make it, and yet he keeps opening the wrong doors.
for this,” Kali glowers, her eyes burning red. She disappears from the room.
“He didn’t say anything about black eyes or sulfur, so, no, we’re not sure on that,” Sam replies. “But it’s worth an investigation. We can go to the hospital and see what the victim has to say after we check out the store.”
Cas has accepted that they will not address What Happened. He understands, in some way, it was meant to be a joke. He doesn’t understand why Dean didn’t laugh, and then scrambled out of the room like a cockroach in sudden light, but there’s a lot Cas doesn’t understand about Dean’s behavior—or any human’s, for that matter.
Dean holds up the curious object and says, “Ta da!” as if Cas should understand what this bizarre contraption means. Dean cackles at Cas’s furrowed brow and leans over, placing the makeshift headband on Cas’s head, a pipe cleaner halo bouncing softly over his hair.
“You stupid, arrogant worm,” Gabriel jeers. “You don’t even know how fucked you are.”
He opens and fixes his eyes on Cas’s, notes to himself three different shades of blue. He  determinedly
Dean replaces the notebook and then clamps his hands on either ends of the whole row of books, compressing them into a single object he can pull from the shelf and quickly tip sideways to carry to the table. He is of course most impressive when no one is around to witness.
“Cas’s mojo is on the fritz. He keeps exploding like a damn angel bomb. And…and earlier he said his grace was dead or something.”
“Yeah, yeah. Everyone’s fine. You lit up like a firecracker and then passed out. Sam and Eileen got another room.”
“I just mean I’ll do it, it’s hard to do one-handed,” Dean tosses over his shoulder. “
“Cool, sounds good, bro!” Dean shouts and then cringes.
Cas reluctantly raises his fists, his head ticking to the side a few times. Dean dodges all attacks, but so does Cas. For a minute they are just dancing. But then Dean throws a fake out, lands a solid punch in Cas’s ribs. It lands harder than he intends and he has a cocky glint in his eye that Cas rashly wants to snuff out.
Cas grabs Dean securely by the hips, pressing his thumbs in. He leans with such force that Dean takes two steps back and knocks into the other end of the doorframe. And Dean wants to laugh at that, the little bounce of him off the wall, but Cas shifts his leg and presses into him and instead a small moan escapes the back of his throat and vibrates into Cas’s mouth. Dean brings his hand up to the back of Cas’s head to shuffle through his hair, and now Dean can feel Cas hardening against his leg, just like that. The realization sends a rush of his own blood, to match.
“We needed a place to talk,” Kali shouts over her shoulder.
He throws himself onto the couch and clicks the TV on, tumbler of scotch in his hand. He surfs the channels for a minute before stopping on
“What?” Dean prods, “What is it...like Kwanzaa of ‘87 or…Arbor Day in 1812…or something?”
“What?” Cas asks, not quite hiding the irritation that surfaces.
Cas rolls his eyes right back. “Even little girls deserve to be healed, Dean.”
“Shit.” When they come to Cas’s room, the door is still open. Sam surveys the scene for a moment. “Where do you think he is?”
Kali’s hand slips down to the metal cuffs and glows hot red. The light travels through her fingertips and into the carved symbols and markings before the link unclasps and Durga can bring her hand up to her mouth to hide her sobs.
“You sure? Cause it looks like you’re trying to grind your teeth to dust.”
And Dean can clam up all he wants, but that doesn’t stop the monsters from biting, so eventually they must hunt anyway, awkwardness hanging around him like a stink cloud.
“Let me out!” Durga howls again, shaking the room. A fissure in the wall spreads further towards the floor.
?!” Dean’s voice lowers an octave.
there’s a spell at work, he thinks he can resist leaning his cheek against Cas’s palm. So why do his eyes flicker closed as his skin makes contact anyway?
“You’re bleeding,” is all Cas says before he leans down, stills him with one hand on his shoulder, and hovers two fingers over his mouth. They light with grace and Dean, eyes swimming, leans forward until they press his lips. It is only a moment but his eyes flutter closed.
Cas looks down at their hands, then rolls his eyes and lets go. “I don’t
“Later,” Cas repeats, nodding.
Dean nods and leaves the room immediately, fast walking back to his bedroom. Cas stays behind, considering the jug of holy oil still in his hands and not really seeing it at all.
Dean is still in the process of having his great revelation when Sam and Eileen return.
“The spell…it just…it just—” is all Gabriel manages between laughing contractions.
.” It’s not even relevant at this point but it’s true and he knows it’ll set Dean off.
a child?
Cas squints with great derision but then actually considers it and realizes, troublingly: “Yes.”
They wait for more explanation, but Cas isn’t really in the mood. Frankly, Dean is surprised he came out at all—he almost acclimated to Cas scurrying around in the dark and avoiding all social interaction.
“You mean…spar?” Cas is dubious. They both know he could kick Dean’s ass into next Tuesday. “I don’t know…” he shuffles.
After it becomes unbearable, Dean slaps the table and stands. “So uh…time to turn in then.”
Then, another ruffle of feathers, and Cas is sprawled in the backseat, legs pushing up against Eileen’s, head lolling back.
“I don’t know,” Dean answers honestly, leaning against the door frame. “Croatia?”
Dean shakes his head, staring at Cas in the mirror. He does not even register the subconscious desire to get Cas alone, if only for a second, to make sure he’s okay. That
Dean gives him a look. The corner of Cas’s mouth tugs. He tries to shake it away but Dean’s got that little grin where his eyes glitter. And so, satisfied with having almost made Cas smile, Dean stands and starts clearing the lumps of clothes on the floor with his boot, kicking them into piles.
“Your…face,” he grumbles. Dean can’t tell if it’s a sort of your-mom joke. Does Cas even knows what a your-mom joke is?
He picks it up, thumbs the fur, then places it back on the desk. Then, he gathers the piles of clothes into a laundry bag, picks up the dishes hidden under the desk, stacks more books neatly by the end table, sweeps bits of broken light bulbs into the trash. He brings the book on summoning angels with him to the laundry room and leafs through it, wondering if Cas still counts enough as an angel for these spells to work.
Now the light is bright and Dean’s got a mild hangover throbbing in his eyes.
you’re sloppy.”
It’s late by the time they’re driving back. Sam has conked out in the back seat, despite barely having expended himself. Black Sabbath is floating quietly enough from the stereo to not disturb him. Dean taps his leg in rhythm, just barely humming along with the guitar solos. He can feel Cas inspecting him from the passenger seat, headlights washing over both of them, but doesn’t say anything.
“Cas, hey, wait!” Dean runs after him, grabs him by the elbow. “Maybe it takes some time to kick in?”
“We’re two dudes in a nightclub creeping on a hot monster bimbo and waiting to ventilate her,” Dean justifies, “I think I’ve earned a second drink.”
“Maybe it only works for angels,” Eileen points out. The specific sigil they used is one Cas always performed. Somehow the answer would just come to him. He would paint the symbols and chant in Enochian and then he just looked off into the distance and knew where the target was.
“No, I,” Dean breathes, looking back up at Cas. “I just…I’ve never done this before. With a guy.”
is, and
“Oh,” Cas says, “you made it. You wanted me to climb the tree.”
Kali narrows her eyes and shares a look with Gabriel. He nods gravely. Then Kali removes one hand, clamps it over the witch’s mouth, and sends fire rushing through. Her muffled scream dissipates as she burns black from the inside out, crumbling into ash.
Sam and Cas both give him a puzzled look. “I just mean to like disappear if you’re gonna just pop in and out of existence!” He sighs, “I don’t want to freak out the locals before we even figure out what’s going on here.”
“Then you can heal me again,” he grins. Abruptly Dean realizes what he’s insisting on, and then why.
“Weird, right? I mean, doesn’t that sound like…”
Dean shrugs. “People do a lot of shit. You know, one year, we had to ice two pagan gods with their own tree.”
her to be let in the house before he…”
“I don’t know,” his voice scratches, “but I think we should leave.”
“So maybe we…maybe we don’t ice this one so fast,” Dean offers, “have a little ‘discussion’?”
. I answered, and he said, ‘
Dean has no idea how to respond to that. Is that a metaphor for the two of them? Who’s the fairy in this situation?
“First of all,” Dean holds a finger in the air insolently, “they’re not easy to understand even if you
Cas opens his eyes narrowly. “I’m not going to just sit around doing nothing.”
Dean pushes two fingers deep into a knot in his neck, regretting his generous offer to sleep on the cot. Sam went ahead and got a double for them before Dean could make an excuse for an extra room. He was hoping to get Cas alone to talk, because he’s a little school girl with a little school girl crush. But instead Cas fell asleep on the bed halfway through
This is not how Dean imagined this going. Not that Dean thought ahead at all.
“We should…” Dean waves his hand around the room. Cas understand he means
Cas tips the jar and swallows the last of it with a loud gulp, followed by a ten-second-long burp.
Cas’s head falls back to the pillow and he closes his eyes. Dean studies the topography of his face, his wide cheek curving down to a hollow. The pointed line of his nose. The divot cleaving his chin. The shape and faint curve of his lips.
Dean starts mouthing at Cas’s neck as he strokes a hand up his chest and to the back of his head, to still him. Cas’s breath is puffing hot against his forearm. He gulps as Dean continues down the front of his shirt, popping buttons open as he goes.
“What’s going on?” Eileen asks as the pen drops to the floor.
, too. Like a lot. He’s not by any means an amateur. He thumbs around the hem of Cas’s pants while opening his mouth with a kiss, pushing his tongue in. His fingers fumble with the button. This should all be familiar—he’s done this hundreds of times. With women.
Dean startles awake and wonders if Gabriel lied about reversing the spell, but he probably needs more evidence before he can start blaming all his unconscious gay thoughts on him. And dreams are just the brain’s way of processing what it’s taken in, right? Just little stories that are invented randomly like pulling on a slot machine. So all this funny Gabriel business gave him an unintended wet dream about his dorky angel friend, so what?
Dean raises an eyebrow and accepts the unexpected gift. He sniffs it, then beams. “Is this pie? See, this is what I’m talking about!”
“I’m sorry, Dean,” Cas says softly. Deans embarrassed by his earnestness.
“I’m not sure I have,” he says cryptically, finally pulling out what he needs. He sets the bag and filters on the counter and wills them to turn into a hot cup immediately. They don’t.
“We have to go to Colorado Springs,” Cas says decisively. He hurries out of the room with his coat swishing behind him.
Gabriel chews on this a moment, before narrowing his eyes with fury and resolution. Dean gulps, imagining he’s going to regret this in the future.
“Zagreb, Croatia, first,” Cas licks his lips, “Then Reading, Pennsylvania.”
Sam’s shoulders sag, his face falls a bit. Still, he says, “I’ll check the inventory.”
Kali appears behind Dean, startling him as she maneuvers around him to stand tall in the doorway facing her sister. She takes a tentative step forward, then another.
“And the—”
Dean literally sprints out of the room.
Cas stays silent in the back seat, grinding his teeth.
“It’s not a personal quest. She’s believes she’s acting righteously.” Kali tries to explain again. “It’s a prophecy. I just need to find her before she fulfills it.”
. Dean shakes his head, kicks a t-shirt.
“The cows. You think they’re, you know…
Instead he lets out a breathy, nervous laugh. “I mean…you know.”
Cas pulls his hands away from his head and stares at Dean sternly, his eyes pulsing with neon light. “I
Dean gathers myrrh and holy water but realizes quickly that he’ll need to look up the sigil and incantation. Usually Cas does it. So he looks in the library for the books about angels, how to locate or summon them, but he can’t find what he needs. He spends an hour leafing through what’s in the library before he sits up and remembers: the stack on Cas’s desk.
“The halo. Is that what you want?”
, not
“You got to be kidding me,” Sam huffs. “What the hell just happened? Who was that? What did she do to Durga? And what about all the rakshasa? Are they still a problem?”
He stands there, assessing the situation for a moment, before clearing his throat, making Cas jump and swivel his head up. His eyes are glassy and red.
?” He gestures with the toothbrush before sticking it in his mouth.
“Locked it?”
“Turned mom into piñata?” Dean offers.
“My grace is gone,” Cas repeats, releasing Dean and sitting up to look at both his hands in his lap.
There’s silence for a minute. Then Sam says, “Oh, uh. Okay. Well. Eileen got a message about a possible ghost near Salina, so…when you’re dressed. We’ll show you the details.”
“Nothing, man,” He takes a hearty swig, lets the whiskey coat his whole tongue before he swallows. “I just wanted to know if you’re alright, okay?”
Gabriel pulls his mouth into a tight line. “No. But he’s been kinda difficult to locate for a while, in case you haven’t noticed. Angel-proof tattoos and all that.”
“Yes, they have…some regrettable qualities in common,” Cas mutters, surveying the night-washed field. “But I have a hunch it’ll be good, actually. Symbiotic, maybe.”
Then he suddenly remembers. The whore of Babylon. They had just come back from searching for God, or rather, from finding out God didn’t give a rat’s ass. About their mission or them at all. He remembers Cas’s face when he returned the necklace, and then Dean, out of hope entirely, dropped it in the trash. It was a lifetime ago, several. Then, Cas outside the motel, asking, “How do you stand it?” And Dean, understanding exactly the pit Cas was at the bottom of, offered, “Some days you get to kill a whore.”
“I thought…it would go away,” Cas says eventually. “I thought I would…process it all and let it go but it’s just still…there. And mostly I don’t even—it just comes back sometimes.”
“What did you do to Durga?” Kali shoots heat through her palms, ripping a shriek out of the woman. Gabriel pushes the point of his blade against her stomach.
“That was weird,” Dean laughs, trying to diffuse the tension.
mean? What did
Dean clicks his tongue. “Yeah, and until then no more bleeding on the floor. Hold this,” he says, pressing gauze to his knuckles. Cas holds the white cotton against his other hand, glancing over as Dean pulls a small stretch of tape and rips it from the roll with his teeth. Cas gasps softly and swallows. Dean looks up, but then Cas is just looking back at his hands, blinking.
“Yeah got it. Marauder’s Map, one day only,” he says, holding his hand out to Cas for healing. Sam makes a face at Dean, who replies in kind. “We only need it for like ten minutes anyway. We locate this bitch and take her head off, no problem.”
we have to do the chick flick thing right now—”
“You were incredibly inebriated,” Cas rolls his eyes.
something to be afraid of here.
“Yes,” Cas nods solemnly, “It does ‘suck.’”
By the time they make it to the farm near Colorado Springs, the sun has gone down. Dean pulls the impala down the dirt path to the house, where a porch light flicks on. A man steps out holding a shotgun in one hand, pointed to the sky, to show he’s armed. The impala rolls to a halt.
“Look, I didn’t—” He starts, but Cas cuts him off with, “You don’t have to say anything.”
They travel a few more minutes in relative silence before Cas asks with solemnity, “Why would a fairy dance with a dwarf?”
“Wait,” Dean furrows his brow, “More rakshasa? Didn’t we just wipe out a whole camp of them?”
Which means, despite his extensive sexual history, and despite his continued insistence that he can last for hours, this is how Dean comes their first time: Cas pressing both hips firmly into the mattress with his hands, lapping hungrily, moaning vibrations around his cock; Dean, one hand on Cas’s cheek, the other a fist in Cas’s hair, emitting light whimpers he will misremember as deep, manly groans.
“What does Gabriel have to do with this?” Sam asks again.
“Durga?” she asks. Everything goes very still, like the building itself is holding its breath.
The air in the room palpitates, edges blurred entirely, and the two of them fumble together, hearts racing, laughter wobbling into shocked gasps. When Dean finally pushes Cas’s underwear down and, almost so fast so as to not think about it anymore, reels back onto his knees to slip the warm head in his mouth, Cas grabs fistfuls of sheets in either hand and lets out a moan so low and unhinged that Dean feels his own cock twitch in his boxers.
“I mean, I’m kind of interested…” Sam mutters at the same time Dean says, “Not really.”
“What—so that ‘historical context’ you and Cas—but why would—We have
The light pulses a few times before disappearing.
“You didn’t think you could just make demands of me and get away with it, did you?” Gabriel folds his arms and turns to regard Dean. “You think you can just do whatever you want? Well, then, bucko, so can I. And I,” he leers, “want to do quite a lot.”
Dean sits in the booth, fork in hand, ready to slice through a short stack of pancakes. Syrup is dripping down the sides and a pat of butter is blurring from the warmth. Steam rises from the eggs and bacon nestled next to them. He’s in the middle of saying, “Now that’s what I’m talking about” when he looks across the table at the empty space where Cas no longer is.
“I don’t know. It feels like…” Cas chews his lip. “Like I don’t have a shell.”
He hands the phone back to Eileen and paces, wondering if this is related to their current dilemma or just random supernatural bullshit. “I’ll need to see it in person to—”
“Why?!” Dean imagines walking out of the bunker and never looking back. “Why.”
Dean chews on this and then says, “Okay,” before squaring up and punching the bag a few times. Cas stares from the doorway disapprovingly.
“Dean,” Cas mumbles without opening his eyes.
, Dean thinks, but doesn’t say this time.
Less familiar with the organization of books than he’d care to admit, Dean’s grateful for the tiny, neatly-handwritten labels taped to each shelf. And especially that they seem to be at least partly organized by creature type, so he can happen upon a whole row of books identified under
They had gotten a lead from the HOA on an abandoned house, where they found a room in the basement filled with disgusting beds of live worms and beetles, so they staked the place out and managed to kill four rakshasa. They questioned one—unsuccessfully, but it seemed genuinely confused when Sam mentioned an angel, and reminded them that they’re not the casting-spells type. Then it tried to escape and Eileen shoved a brass blade into its heart and twisted.
Dean and Cas follow them from a distance out of the club, to a house nearby. Sam meets them there and they scope out the place.
“I don’t think it—”
“Fuck
Taken a bit by surprise, Dean raises an eyebrow as he holds a clean t-shirt in his hands without moving to put it on. “Didn’t we…talk about this last night?” He takes a few steps towards Cas. “I remember distinctly having to,” he swallows, reaches to place a hand softly on Cas’s ribs, “tell you that I’m…that I want…this.”
A shot rings out, but when Dean opens his eyes, Sam and Eileen are also clambering on the floor on the other side of the room. Cas is splayed out across the table, struggling at his neck with one hand. The woman has her hand outstretched, choking him from across the room. Dean scrambles through the piles of books for the gun.
“Winchesters,” she nods, looking satisfied with their obvious alarm. “Still searching for the legendary Kodandam, Sam?”
“Huh,” Gabriel nods. He grabs Cas’s chin and inspects his face, squeezes his cheeks until he opens his mouth. “So someone’s still got their fork in your socket. And it happened in Omaha, with the rakshasa nest.”
They reach Cas’s room and Dean lowers him on the bed as gently as he can. Cas closes his eyes for a minute before pushing back on his elbows, staring at his own body in the bed.
anything. I
Dean realizes when he goes to pour another that he’s drained the bottle. “Uh oh,” he says under his breath as he stands. He leaves and comes back with another, tearing the plastic wrapper off with his teeth. Cas watches the plastic flutter to the floor silently, his mouth suddenly dry, and he finishes his glass, waits for Dean to refill.
Dean doesn’t even realize Sam left and came back until he tosses him a keycard. “They only have singles left, so we’ll take the bed,” he shares a small smile with Eileen, “and looks like you’re on a pullout,” he nods at Dean.
Dean’s ignoring what feels like static electricity building in his chest. For no reason at all, he remembers they are alone in the bunker, as they are in this room. He pulls the bandage tight, tucking the end into the folds, then holds Cas’s hand up and catches his eye with a satisfied smile. “There,” he nods.
Dean narrows in confusion, lets out a small laugh. “The hell you talking about, man?”
“We’re done,” Cas breathes. He gives one last shove to Dean’s wrist pinned to the small of his back, and then, like he learned from the best, he gets up and flies out of the room as if nothing even happened.
He goes to a bar. He strikes out but not for trying.
Sam shrugs. Eileen nods her head with too much curious assessment for Dean’s taste.
“Yeah. Well. I mean—” Dean is unsure if he wants to clarify that the spell technically had nothing to do with drunkenly kissing Cas so that he would shut up about whatever it was they were fighting about. He considered not telling him about the spell at all, but after the unbearably awkward ride home earlier, Cas was asking too many questions. “Well it wasn’t...that was...it was the grace that—”
“You gave it to me,” Cas growls, grabbing Dean’s wrist and squeezing until he drops it into Cas’s other hand. “I’d like to keep it. You don’t even remember it.”
She laughs again from the back of her throat. Gabriel lands a blow across her face, then another. “I’m just helping her,” she spits blood onto the floor, “find her true potential.”
When Dean returns the phone call, Sam explains that he and Eileen are gonna get a motel for the night instead of driving the three hours back. Dean is too distracted, even if he’s no longer stiff in his gym shorts, to question it. He just scolds Sam for just leaving a note instead of letting him know what was going on, and hangs up.
“Just,” Dean sputters. “You know. Clearing a path. This place is a wreck.”
“Damnit, how did you guys find her first?” he whines, folding his arms. “We literally flew here.”
“Well, fuck.” Dean grabs the book back from Sam, who makes a face, and starts leafing through too fast to actually see anything. “What else we got? What about that tracking spell we did on that witch?”
“Hmm,” Dean narrows his eyes. “Why don’t you sit down again. I’ll just be a minute.”
They sit there for a moment, Dean in the doorway of the bathroom, Cas sitting at the kitchenette table. Sam lets out a loud snore to let everyone know he’s still there, unfortunately. Cas looks away again and says, “I’m fine,” and then disappears.
“I…did some research,” Cas looks around for a second, hovering nervously over Dean with his hands on either side of his head. He doesn’t mean to mirror Dean’s laugh, but his mouth hitches up at either end anyway.
Dean wakes with his hand tangled in Cas’s hair. His head is tucked into his shoulder, mouth open against Dean’s pec, one hand laying lazily across his hip. Dean cards through the hair on the back of his head slowly as consciousness seeps into him.
. There are thick leather tomes and pocket sized reference books and what appears to be three Mead brand spiral notebooks tucked neatly in the middle. He pulls one out and flips through it, noting the immaculate handwriting among symbols and diagrams of sigils.
“So you…you do want to…do this again,” Cas says slowly, inspecting Dean’s expressions.
Cas realizes, finally, that Dean has no memory of that night at all. His chest pangs, cold flushing inside him, which he ignores.
Dean is not aware that he’s grinning. He in fact feels mostly scared, like he’s suddenly realizing there’s been something sitting in his peripheral vision for years, and he’s just now seeing its outline. “Cas,” is all he says, before leaning in to kiss him again, this time slow and purposeful and tender.
“I do have issues,
“Dean?” Sam’s tinny voice floats up from the phone in Dean’s other hand. He doesn’t even remember hitting send.
“Hello,” Cas says quietly, with a hint of confusion. He notes Dean’s suspended hand from the corner of his eye but doesn’t break his gaze from Dean’s. He’s spent the last decade pretending that this could never happen, not the way he wanted. But then this morning, Dean a solid weight against him, and
“No, it’s not,” Cas falls back down, eyes closed again.
They finish the hunt and return to the bunker at night. Sam fucks off because this story isn’t about him. Dean finds Cas surrounded by empty liquor bottles and big dusty books, sitting on the floor in the library.
“You….sure?” Sam asks skeptically. They both turn to him.
“I don’t do spells wrong,” he says, a little too assured for Dean’s taste. “It just has a bit of an…incubation period.”
Cas’s face clears into a grin. He laughs, too, as he collapses his weight into Dean. His head falls to the pillow and he mumbles into it: “Good.”
bunker.
Cas tilts his head so hard it might fall off. “You’ve never smoked cigarettes.”
“It’s not about
When Cas doesn’t continue the thought, he mutters, “Man, you are wasted huh. Let’s get you to bed, yeah?” He puts his hand on Cas’s shoulder to guide him away from the pile of bottles and books.
. You’ve been resurrected too many times. You’re
“He wasn’t supposed to do anything.” He directs all his attention to Cas and holds up three fingers. “Scouts honor. He’s so repressed, I thought—I just wanted to make Dean-o squirm in his jeans a little.”
For a moment, there’s only the sound of three heaving bodies. Dean wordlessly pleads Sam to think of something, anything, but he’s just as helpless.
“Dean,” he sighs. Dean loosens his grip and brings his hands to rest on Cas’s shoulders. He gives him one small shake, looking back and forth between his eyes.
It’s exactly 2:38 AM when Dean startles awake. Whatever nightmare it was disintegrates too fast for him to even remember. He sits up on the little foldout piece of shit and rubs his eyes with the back of his hand, blinking until he can see. Moonlight seeps in through the curtains. Cas is a lumpy outline across the room.
“What’re you saying?” Dean asks, but Cas just grinds his teeth. He doesn’t entirely understand why he’s got his tail between his legs. He turns away, starts towards the door, and mutters so quietly Cas almost doesn’t hear, “I don’t care if you’re
Cas continued to thrust into Dean with continuously possessive remarks. "Mine. Mate." He growled in Dean's ear. "Mate." Dean whispered back. He was so close. Cas' thrusts were hitting his prostate, and his cock was rubbing against the car. He wanted to come so badly. "I wanna come, Cas, please." Dean begged. "Fuck." Cas managed to get out, teeth gritted in concentration. "Come for me, omega." He whispered, and Dean came with a loud scream. Dean's hole clenched so tightly against Cas, he almost came right then. The alpha took control then. Cas kept fucking Dean even after he'd come, and his thrusts were even harder and losing any rhythm that they may have had.
He pushed the panties to the side again, but didn’t dare take them off. He loved how they looked on Dean. “So pretty for me.” Cas murmured, as he ran his calloused fingers over Deans taint and rim, just brushing against it. Dean bucked his hips at the feeling. “So desperate for me.” Cas tsked. “Fuck-please-please Cas.” Dean begged, rubbing himself against the bed, desperate for some friction. “Hmm...what was that?” asked Cas, teasing. “Please Cas-Castiel.” said Dean loudly, and more clearly.
And then Dean came. Harder than he had ever in his life. He screamed out and thick cum filled his panties, leaving a glorious stain. His hole clenched hard around Cas’ cock and Cas gripped Dean with hands that would probably leave bruises. “You feel so good.” Cas moaned, staring at Dean’s fucked out, glorious body beneath him. “Come on, Cas, come in me.” Dean said.
“Well uh, to start, my parents died when I was a kid.” Dean said, immediately scolding himself for starting with such a dark subject too. “I’m so sorry, Dean. No child should live without parents.” Castiel said, eyes shining with the beginnings of tears. “It’s okay,” Dean said assuredly. “I don’t really remember how it happened, and I live with my brother and sorta-sister and my Aunt Ellen and Uncle Bobby.” Dean said, realizing that he had probably just overshared with his teacher. Castiel noticeably relaxed. “I’m glad you are with family, that is so important.” he said, pausing, contemplating whether or not to continue.
“Think you can take another one, hmm?” asked Cas, fully enraptured at how well Dean was taking him. “Yes, Cas, please, come on, I can take it.” said Dean, who couldn't wait for more.  He wanted all of Cas. He would take whatever Cas would give him. Cas poured more lube on his hands and added a third finger. Dean moaned and began fucking himself on Cas’ fingers, trying to show Cas that he was ready.
“Please, please, please...Cas, I’m ready.” begged Dean. Cas quickly removed his fingers, wiping the lube on his pants, not even caring. He stood up and ripped the condom open quickly and rolled it on. He brushed the tip at Dean’s entrance, waiting for the okay signal. “Do it.” said Dean breathlessly. “Come on, fuck me. You know you want to.” he goaded. Cas growled and thrusted into him. “Don’t test me, boy.” he said as he leaned forward, his body covering Deans.
Cas kissed wetly up his back, landing on his neck, and Dean could feel Cas sucking a mark into his skin. Fuck, that was so hot. He knew that it would last for days, and whenever he would look at it, he would remember-remember everything. Cas continued to suck marks into his neck and throat, continuously grinding against him, and deftly reached into his bag for something.
The end.
“This is not a good time.” Castiel said before Dean could take another step forward. Dean, still ignorant to the many guests scattered throughout the main floor, took another step forward. “Don’t tell me you don’t want it, Sir.” Dean said, tracing a light finger down Castiel’s chest edging lower and lower. Castiel grabbed Dean’s wrist before his hand could land near his crotch. “Please come in.” Castiel said, inviting Dean into the living room.
Dean left his doctor's appointment with a pale face. He was going to have to have his first heat in two years. His first one was rough and he was in pain the whole time. It was his choice to go on suppressants, he wanted to. He wasn't embarrassed to be an omega, his life was just easier if everyone thought he was a beta or unpresented. That was all going to change now. Everything would be different. People would know. His family knew, sure, but that was different. Charlie was the only person other than Sam at school that knew. She was also an omega and she was gay and one of his best friends. But Cas...
Any reservations Cas had felt like a million years ago when he felt Deans mouth on him for the first time. They both knew that this was the first time Dean was doing this, but neither of them cared. As Dean worked at swallowing down more of Cas’ cock, both of their moans increased. Dean’s moans put vibrations around Cas’ cock, and it felt like pure bliss. Cas got lost in it. When he opened his eyes, Dean was staring up at him. His green eyes were filled with extremely dilated pupils, and his cheeks hollowed around Cas’ cock. Fuck, it was a beautiful sight.
“Good morning.” Dean replied. He tried not to let his voice shake. “How are you?” Professor Novak, Or Castiel as he insisted to Dean, asked. “I, uh, I’m actually not feeling too great.” Dean lied. He was feeling fine, but the plug was stressing him out, and he didn’t want to embarrass himself. “I’m sorry to hear that. Is there anything I can do?” Castiel asked, concern present in his face. “No it’s fine, thanks. Is it cool if I just sit in your office and mark for the class?” Dean asked, hoping he wouldn’t have to interact with anyone. “Of course, Dean.” Castiel said with a kind smile.
It was a normal day, or as normal a day as one could expect. Wake up, go to classes, go to work, go to other work, go home, eat, pass out. It was a normal day, or that was what he thought.
“Wanna come...please, Cas...can I come? I wanna come so bad.” Dean moaned, as Cas’ thrusts hit his prostate, and his cock rubbed against Cas’ stomach. “You wanna come?” Cas asked, teasingly. “Please…” Dean said, trying his hardest to hold back. “Go on, come for me. Come in your panties, boy.” Cas said, his thrusts increasing in intensity.
It was the Friday afternoon before winter break when Dean decided to throw caution to the wind. Their bi-weekly sessions had been going on for quite a while, and if you had interrupted one of them, you would've been able to feel the chemistry and sexual tension between the two of them. His day had been easy because none of the teachers wanted to do anything the day before break. That kept Dean’s mood and confidence up, so he couldn’t back down from his plan.
Fuck, Cas didn’t know how he didn’t come right there and then. “I’m gonna…” Cas trailed off, so lost in his pleasure. “Me too.” whispered Dean, Cas’ thrusts hitting his prostate, his cock rubbing against his and Cas’ stomachs. “I want you to come in me.” said Dean. “Yes, yes, yes.” Cas said, almost at the edge. “I want to feel you come, I want you to put the plug in after, to keep it there.” Dean said, at that point his words barely coherent.
Cas gripped his cock and slowly pushed it inside Dean's hole. They both moaned loudly at the sensations. Once they had adjusted Cas began to thrust. "Fucking brat." Cas growled in Dean's ear. Dean pushed back, and grinned. Cas' rut spiked in the middle, and his thrusts continued in speed and force. Dean gave up trying to muffle his moans and the sounds filled the car. Cas muffled his own moans by sucking marks in Dean's neck, careful to avoid the mating gland. He was saving that for later.
That was all Dean could come up with. He had plenty more to say.
It felt amazing. He pulled out slowly, and Dean missed the feeling of being filled. “You look so beautiful with my cum dripping out of you.” said Cas, his voice gravelly post-orgasm. If Dean hadn't just came, he would've gotten hard again just hearing that. Dean was still floating and didn't notice Cas cleaning both of them off. When Cas came back into bed, he pulled Dean close to him, making Dean the little spoon. Dean was a cuddler, sue him
Cas leaned up and kissed Dean, with Dean still on his lap. Their soft kisses slowly turned wet and passionate, and Dean slowly began to roll his hips, giving both of them some friction. Dean broke their kisses to moan, the pleasure building up inside of him. Not wanting to fuck in his kitchen (yet), Cas easily lifted Dean up, who wrapped his legs around Cas, and Cas carried them up the stairs.
“Hi, uh, Mr. Novak.” Dean said at the end of class one day. “Hello, Dean. How can I help you?” Castiel responded. “Well, uh, I was wondering if you could give me some help in my English class?” Dean asked, managing not to stutter. “Dean, you know I’m a history teacher, I’m not qualified to help you with that.” Castiel said. Dean wasn’t gonna back down now. “Well, you’ve given me some really helpful writing tips, so I thought maybe you could help me out a bit at lunch or after school?” Dean asked, remaining confident, and ignoring the blush rising in his cheeks.
Then Sam walked in.
Dean didn't want to ruin the moment, but he had to know. “Cas, I-” Dean started. “I know Dean,” said Cas. “Me too.” Dean nodded. They leaned their heads against each other and took a breath. Dean turned back around and let himself be held. He fell asleep soon after and didn't have any nightmares that night. When Dean awoke Cas was still holding him. He smiled.
Dean was walking back to his room, but the next thing he knew, he was in his room and being slammed up against the door. “Are you purposely trying to antagonize me?” growled Cas. “M-maybe.” mumbled Dean, trying to maintain eye contact without blushing. Cas stared at him, his pupils wide. Dean didn’t know if he started it or if Cas did, but they were kissing. He was kissing Cas. Cas was kissing him.
Dean got with the program and wrapped his legs around Cas’ waist. Cas pulled him in to kiss him, and walked them both over to the wall. Dean’s back was comfortably against the wall when Cas resumed thrusting into him. They loved being able to see each other, how their bodies moved together, how their faces looked in pleasure. “Feels so good, Cas.” Dean mumbled.
He grabbed a crumpled paper from his backpack and stared at the 785 number. The cellphone number of one Castiel Novak. Fuck. Less than an hour left. Screw it.
Cas was Dean's best friend. They had known each other pretty much their whole lives, but became much closer in high school. But Cas didn't know that Dean was an omega. Dean could tell himself that he didn't want to tell Cas so Cas wouldn't have to keep his secret, but that wouldn't be the whole truth. Dean loved Cas. Of course he did, they were best friends. But overtime it had blossomed into something more. The problem was, Cas was unpresented. It wasn't that uncommon at their age, but it made having a relationship more complicated. So Dean didn't tell Cas - when he presented, when he started blockers, and when he stopped them.
Cas hadn't even bothered taking off Deans panties, or his own clothes for that matter, he simply pushed the panties aside. Dean gasped at the entrance of the first finger, it didn't hurt but it felt a bit weird. When Cas added a second finger, he returned his mouth to Dean’s aching cock. Dean eyes bugged out, and it was all he could do not to come. When Cas added a third finger, he found Deans prostate. He pulled his mouth off when Dean moaned at the new sensation, he wanted Dean to wait.
Cas continued to mouth a suck around Deans cock, the wet spot from pre-cum becoming larger and larger. “Cas...so good.” Dean managed to get out, his hands bracing the desk for balance. When he opened his eyes, Cas was making eye contact with his lips still on him, and his hand palming at himself. “Wait-wait, Cas.” 	Dean said. Cas stopped immediately and pulled away. “No, no, it's okay.” said Dean, as he sensed Cas’s unease. “I wanna...I wanna come with you inside of me.” Dean said, blushing.
“No, you know what, I’m not gonna give Sammy the satisfaction.” Dean told himself. Dean reached into his drawer and pulled out his favorite pair of pink satin panties. Rhonda Hurley had truly changed his life, bless that woman. Next, he put on the skirt that they'd bought yesterday, it really was a pretty one. He found a tight black t-shirt that was the same shade as the skirt and put it on. He brushed his teeth and ran his hands through his hair. He looked good and he knew it. He was ready to face the day. Or so he thought.
"Oh-oh, Cas, I-I'm close," Dean was able to moan out. "Me too," Cas said, almost a whisper. He fucked harder into Dean, hitting his prostate every time. Dean began jerking himself off, continuing to moan loudly. Dean came first, cum coating his and Cas' chests. Dean tightening around him, and seeing him come from him was enough to send Cas over the edge and he came just seconds after, just as loud as Dean. They continued to move with each other, still soaking in the post-orgasm ecstasy. Cas pulled out of Dean and took the condom off and tossed it in the trash can. He snapped his fingers to clean them both and then lay back down against Dean.
He eventually pulled the plug out, and replaced it with his own fingers, checking to see how much prep Dean would need. He opened easily after having worn the plug for hours. Once Cas had three fingers moving easily, and had Dean begging for him, he finally unzipped his pants. He didn’t even take them off, just opened the zipper, taking out his hard cock. He contemplated letting Dean suck him, it would be quite a beautiful sight, but he knew what they both needed.
When Dean graduated, him and Cas got married. A year later Dean and Cas asked Jody to be a surrogate for their baby. Jody and Donna already had their baby, which was why Donna was away the year that Dean met Cas. Jody agreed, and nine months later they had baby Jack.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Dude, your head is so far up your ass it's saying hello to your lungs.” Said Sam, completely exasperated. “What the fuck is that supposed to mean?” asked Dean. Sam just shook his head and left the room. “Huh.” said Dean as he sat down at the table in the kitchen.
“Yes…” moaned out Cas, as he stroked himself. He pulled out the butt plug and grabbed some of his own lube to make sure that Dean was ready. Dean easily took the three fingers that Cas gave him, his hole sucking them in and clenching around them. Neither of them could wait. Cas reached for a condom from his night table, but Dean stopped him. “Please...Please Cas, I wanna feel you. I want you to cum inside of me.”
Sam doesn’t notice any of this, just passes out in his motel bed. Dean asks Cas something case related as he pulls his shirt over his head to change, but Cas just stares at him.
Dean stumbles a bit when he leans over, his hand steadying on the back of Cas’s chair. He giggles like a little girl, realizing how drunk he is, and stares for a moment at the back of Cas’s neck. Then he wanders over to the tree, staring at the lights and tinsel instead. He considers Cas’s time as a human, grateful that he’s no longer so vulnerable, that he can heal them and blip off whenever and all that, but sad that he’s something so…untouchable again. He purposefully does not think about touching Cas. He does not think about the weird kiss they shared, how Cas didn’t pull away even a little bit.
Cas is sitting in bed, reading the big dusty tome again, when Dean casually wanders by.
“If this works—” Cas starts.
Sam and Eileen nod in unison with obvious relief.
“Rude,” Eileen answers. Then she admits, “He said she looked ‘possessed.’”
“You should answer her,” he glowers.
Dean sputters, glaring, unable to come up with a single thing to say as Gabriel floods with laughter, his knees buckling as he has to hold himself up on a dryer.
Cas stalks forward. “You
“I know my face,” Dean chuckles. “I see it all the time.”
“Nothing,” Cas says, shaking his head.
“A spell. Yeah.”
He shakes his head, knowing that’s not right. Whatever all this bullshit is, he still likes women. Well, he likes women’s bodies, that’s for sure. But he hasn’t had a real connection with a woman since Lisa, and frankly, that was nothing compared to the feelings he has about this. About Cas.
“I’d like to taste you,” Cas murmurs into Dean’s ear before licking. And now Dean’s shuddering like teen virgin. It’s not like he hasn’t heard that before, but it was usually a mediocre performance by a complete stranger. Usually one that couldn’t toss him around like a beachball. Which worked for him at the time, but now that he can feel the very un-performative desire in Cas, like he’s deeply interested in the details of Dean’s sweat and come on his tongue—and maybe has been for years—Dean’s not that sure he’ll ever fuck another stranger again.
Cas considers it a moment and stands up, agreeing apparently. He heads to the bathroom. Dean also stands, says, “I’m gonna whiz,” for some reason to Sam, who doesn’t care. As soon as the door closes behind both of them, Cas freezes for a second, realizing Dean has followed him. He cants his head, eyes narrowed with incomprehension.
Kali holds her hands out in front of her, flames like whips flying from her palms. The young woman strapped to the chair stares defiantly with her chin jutted up. Strands of black hair are plastered to her face with sweat and blood. Gabriel is standing to the side with his arms folded over his chest, bored.
It’s also entrancing. But he doesn’t say that. He takes a step closer to Cas.
“Cas?” He scrambles to him, tries to rouse him by leaning him against the wall, then grabbing his head, cradling his skull with both hands. “Cas c’mon. Please be okay.” Cas is breathing but otherwise unresponsive. There’s a faint sheen of sweat over his skin, highlighting his sharp points. The silence pushes in on Dean’s shoulders, a solid weight.
A flutter of air and Gabriel’s already reaching for the fridge door, robe flowing behind him. “See, now’s that so hard? No need for summoning and holy fire or empty threats.” He grabs creamer and pops the lid, pours it generously into the steaming mug of coffee he’s holding. Then he reflects on it a moment, lifts the bottle in the air, and pours it right in his mouth. Dean grimaces.
“Apparently there was a break-in, someone was taken to the hospital,” Sam explains, disregarding Dean’s continued mugging. “The same night the cows got carved. Joseph thought they were connected, he kept—”
They trade a few jabs, circling the small room. Cas keeps his face a polished stone. He feels freer in these clothes, which has the reverse effect of making him even more cognizant of his superior power. Whatever has changed of his “angel” status over the years, he’s still got strength that’s noticeably outside of human.
“What?” Dean looks back at him sharply. Cas turns away, watches trees fly past.
he thinks,
“What…comes next?” Cas asks, searching his eyes.
“Sam,” Eileen chides, because she has more tact and focus than anyone present.
The sun is pulling pink and orange down to the horizon. Dean’s going about twenty over the speed limit, chewing his lip. Next to him, Cas watches the trees whip by. Sam’s in the backseat with headphones in, fiddling with his phone, and Eileen’s typing quietly on a laptop. Zeppelin’s “Whole Lotta Love” drifts out of the player and Dean is almost dancing with it. He’s bobbing his head and tapping one hand on the wheel, one on his thigh. He’s pretty sure he’s gonna start tasting blood soon if he doesn’t calm down. He tenses his hand into a fist, punches himself lightly in the thigh.
?’ and I said, ‘Hello, Sam,’ and he said, ‘Why are you answering Dean’s phone?’ and I said, ‘It was in the library’—"
“I believe if you help me find her, I can prevent the thirty more nests that have yet to hatch. She is…look it’s a long story, do you really care?”
“We know she’s working with someone. There’s no way she could’ve been in Omaha and Memphis at the same time. Unless that’s a thing she can do?” He posits, but Kali shakes her head.
“Besides, Kali seems to have a soft spot for Cas. I don’t know if it’s cause he’s Gabriel’s brother, or what. She wasn’t even that mad we summoned her.”
Cas’s shoulders raise up to his ears, his eyes glassy and dark. A muscle twitches in his jaw. He takes a step and with both hands pushes Dean so hard he stumbles back, trips and falls on to the bed, and ends up leaning back on his elbows.
“What about Cas? We just leave him a note in case he comes back?” Dean shakes his head. He lets out a huff of air. “God. Let’s just…can we get some sleep first before we go on a goose chase?”
He lifts his hand to Cas’s chin and gently tilts his face up. When they make eye contact, Cas looks forlorn and confused. Dean tries to smile, but his heart is thumping and he hasn’t been this nervous since he was a kid. But fear doesn’t stop Dean from action—ask any of the hundreds of paranormal entities he’s personally vanquished.
?” Dean giggles incredulously. He tries to bury his laughter in his shoulder, turning away. He feels, unexpectedly, something in the back of his mind softly click.
“Really, Dean? It’s like ten in the morning.”
Then Cas freezes. He pokes his face out, crumpled in consternation. “My grace is gone.”
“What’s going on, man? You okay?” He tries to look into the room but all the lights are off.
“Yeah, right. Like you’d leave me here.” Gabriel’s laugh drips with venom. He looks around the room and asks, “Where’re the other amigos?”
.” Cas steps towards him. “I’m sorry not
“No,” Cas folds his arms.
“We should go back to White Oak,” Cas mumbles into the pillow. “Look for…clues.”
Something clicks softly in the back of Cas’s mind. Relief washes through him so visibly Dean chokes back a laugh.
“No word on Cas’s…thingy?” Eileen asks, lowering her duffel bag on to the table.
“The farmer. He said there was—”
Dean leaves Sam to respond. He’s busy clearing the hall before making his way down to the dungeon, each couple of steps punctuated by a sharp crack and a colossal vibration threatening to fracture the concrete foundation.
“Be my guest,” Gabriel holds his hands out. “But if she’s not gonna spill to Kali, I doubt some arrogant humans could get it out of her.”
born with them.” Cas rolls his eyes. “Second,” Dean takes a step forward, raises his hand to tug on the end of Cas’s tie, “I cannot
“He called
Dean wakes in his bed, more hungover than he’s been in years. He can’t piece together what happened last night, but doesn’t know to care. He only remembers talking briefly with Cas about international holidays. In the library, any evidence of string lights have been disappeared, but neither Dean nor Sam notice.
“Dean, you awake?” Sam asks through the door.
“’Tis the season,” he grins, grabbing the bottle and taking one more long drag.
Hoping the spell still hasn’t reached its full power yet, Dean waffles, chewing his lip. One of the cuts is deep enough for stitches, and, not to be vain, but it’s on his face. The only one he has. So he lets out a puff of air and mutters, “Fine, fine. Just do it.”
“Yeah and it’s my best feature,” Dean shrugs.
Cas nods and hums.
“So what do we do now?” Sam asks. “We should try the other spell, with the nun’s bones.”
with urgency. Thinks
But he doesn’t return.
“And why exactly do
Dean shoots him an umm-our-fucking-friend-might-be-dying look, but Sam counters with a there’s-also-innocent-people-still-in-danger look.
They trade more jabs until Dean is visibly exhausted, sweat darkening his soft gray shirt. He pulls the collar over his face for a second, to wipe his forehead, and then raises his fists again.
“What, Cas?” Dean asks. Cas looks back at him. They are close enough that Dean’s eyes track back and forth between his. A thin strip of light lay across them, the blues shifting from deep to light.
“Durga, you’ve literally lain with angels, like fifty,” Kali points out.
“We should—” Cas whispers, but breaks off into a gasp when Dean pushes him slightly onto the table with his crotch, licks at the space behind his jaw. He shuffles Cas’s coat and button-down off his shoulders in one move, feeling confident. The fabric catches at Cas’s elbows, restricting his arms. He’s got one hand holding the edge of the table to keep him from falling back, the other scrambling for Dean’s hip, catching a belt loop. Dean leans back up for another kiss while he shrugs off his own flannel and tosses it behind them on the table. He unbuckles his belt and Cas grabs for it, pulls it through the loops and drops it on the floor.
Cas seems to understand exactly what just transpired. When Dean’s eyes stop oscillating as if in REM sleep, he looks back at Cas with…with…horror. Cas feels grace like vomit in the back of his mouth.
He pins him in a sort of perpendicular setup, Dean too stunned to scramble for a hold on Cas’s arms. He lets his head fall back to the floor and tries to catch his breath. “You,” is all he says, looking straight up at the ceiling.
, Dean doesn’t say. Then, impulsively, he does ask, “You want to?” He holds his fists up, circles them in the air like Popeye.
“I believe there are…some summoning rituals that involve…the hearts of sacred animals,” Cas says, watching Dean distractedly. He takes a few steps closer. “Other than that…I don’t know.”
Dean closes his eyes and brushes their lips together, gentle and warm. The air is pulled out of Cas like a thread. He reaches for Dean’s bicep to steady himself, falling back against the doorframe. Dean tilts Cas’s head with his callused hand and slowly licks into his mouth, their tongues pushing rhythmically together. The lights above them flicker.
a chick flick!” He shakes his head, trying to parse whether Cas has any idea what he’s saying, or if he just knows it will piss Dean off. “It’s not—just cause there’s chicks
“You think guns can kill me?” she asks with a smirk.
Cas somehow squints even harder, canting his head. Dean looks at the ground.
“Wait, wait!” Dean says to himself.
“You should live a little,” Gabriel wiggles his eyebrows.
this!” she shrieks, shaking the chair and seemingly the floor with it. A puff of dust crumbles from the ceiling.
“For the record, I like pie, too,” Eileen signs, eyeing the two of them. She slips the keychain in her pocket. “But this is nice, Cas, thank you.”
Cas’s hand shoots out to his wrist and yanks him off balance, back into the chair.
They hear the crash deep within the bunker before the door is even open. Exchanging worried glances, the four of them descend towards the source of what’s now a rhythmic pounding with weapons drawn.
“And you guys killed all the rakshasa?” Kali turns to Sam and Eileen.
“Ruh roh,” Gabriel says and disappears.
“Yet.” Cas mulls this over.
He avoids Cas for days.
But when he pulls the pants down with both hands, Cas arching from his shoulders to assist, Dean’s confronted with the reality of an erection beneath the thin cotton boxers Cas is wearing. And he’s hard, too, and he’s already accepted that he’s like, kinda gay, so it shouldn’t trip him up at all, and yet.
“No, no,” he stammers, “no, nothing.”
Dean wants to laugh. But when he takes a step towards Cas, Cas takes another swing. He manages to dodge, and throws his own fist into Cas’s cinderblock chest. He has to shake his hand out for a second.
“You think it’s only happening here?” Kali raises an eyebrow. She stands with her hands on her hips, waiting.
“Yes, or…short-circuited. Blew a fuse, so to speak.”
Dean swallows hard, a memory passing through him. The throbbing glow of Cas’s eyes has him so mesmerized he can barely focus on what he’s saying. And he’s gone almost completely red in his uncertainty if he’s being rejected outright. “I’m not—Cas, I’m not trying to—”
“What do you feel?” Cas asks finally, shaking his hands.
His breath starts to even as they stare at each other for another moment.
He’s very drunk now. Very. That must be why he does it. He has every intention of coming up with a witty retort, rolling his eyes, backing away. Maybe even punching him again. But what he actually does is close his eyes, lean in and—despite Cas’s sharp and nearly inaudible gasp—kiss him right on the lips.
“That so,” Cas says, holding the book open in his lap. He follows Dean’s gaze to the halo, then assesses Dean’s confusing reaction. Finally, when Dean just stands there with nothing else to add, he sighs, “Do you want it back?”
“Yeah, we still got all those ingredients, right?” Dean nods, dropping the book on the table. He runs off, returns with a handful of maps, a thick stone bowl filled with dried leaves and bones, and a small talisman hanging from a string.
Was that
“This is
And then everything. And then Dean just…stepped through the portal and shot back to Earth. And remembered around it, the way he did Cas’s last words before he pushed him away and the door shut.
“Okay, this is something weird,” Sam finally says after two hours of typing on his laptop in the passenger seat. Eileen perks up from the back seat, tries to lean over Sam’s shoulder to see what’s on the screen. “I don’t know if it’s what we’re looking for, but there were some…cow mutilations.”
“It’s a summoning ritual,” he mutters, taking the phone in his hand to examine more closely. “I don’t think it…worked, though. The burn pattern is limited to the center but, a ritual like this, it’s used for…very powerful beings. Much larger…”
“Yeah,” Dean says, swallowing, “We’re fine.”
Then Gabriel pops in on Dean in the laundry room, making him spill soap on the floor in shock.
Dean makes a face.
Cas pulls back to see how Dean’s reacting, which is of course with panic.
he amends, nodding. “Yeah, it’s not ideal.” He doesn’t want to offer him bland platitudes—Cas holed himself up in here just to keep Dean safe—but somehow
He does his best to avoid injury, to the point that he’s all but useless. Usually he’s all for taking charge, especially when it comes to vampires. But Cas smites the shit out of a whole nest while Dean observes darkly from across the warehouse, gun raised but untrained. He is filled with adrenaline and some other restless thing.
Dean does not recognize being turned on by this. He sublimates the energy into rage as usual and takes a swing. Cas absorbs the punch and shoves Dean in the chest again, bouncing him slightly off the wall, with a grunt. Dean takes another swing but Cas dodges it entirely and Dean loses his balance, crashing into the side table on his way to the floor.
and then you—you—” He bites the sentence off, looks down. “I’m tired of this. Why don’t you just skip to the part where you leave and let me just…” Cas sets his jaw hard, looking down at Dean gaping on the bed in shock, “let me be.”
Sam’s door is closed, but Dean stops a moment. His brother’s voice is muffled, but he picks out, “What about Peru? Machu Picchu?” Then, a woman’s voice floats, “What about Kyoto?”
that!” Cas hisses.
“It’s not?” Dean asks, folding his arms.
Cas nods, pauses. Then he starts, “One year, there was a family stranded in the Blue Ridge Mountains in Virginia. They had a cabin, and enough beans and bread to last them a few days, but nothing else. The snow was three feet high. And I watched the father trudge through it to cut down a tree with only a hunting knife. Because it was Christmas.” Cas sips his drink. “It took him an hour.”
Gabriel appears wearing a bathrobe, still proud of himself but looking apologetic. Dean suddenly wonders how much he knows, what he hears around the bunker.
“Disgusting,” the woman spits. “I can’t believe you lay with an angel.”
Cas’s jaw tightens as he glances up to his messy hand, held by Dean in the air between them as he ducks his head, just slightly, to examine. “I did not engage in combat with an inanimate object.”
Dean was suddenly interrupted by Cas' lips on his. He was so shocked that he forgot to breath or kiss back. Cas pulled away after Dean hadn't kissed back. "Oh-I-I'm sorry-I must have misunderstood. Please forgive me, Dean." Said Cas, standing up to leave. "Don't leave." Dean whispered. Cas just stared at him. Dean sighed and stood up and started kissing Cas back. Finally, finally, finally. As the kiss became more passionate Cas pushed Dean against the wall and Dean moaned, not expecting Cas to be so dominant. They continued to kiss passionately, swallowing each others small moans. Cas slid his knee between Dean's thighs, giving him some delicious friction for his hard cock. Dean moaned loudly. He stuttered embarrassed, but Cas just kissed him again. "M-more" Dean stuttered between kisses, and he took of Cas' trench coat and struggled with his tie.
Dean whimpered at the sensation. He was quickly disappointed, as the finger was gone almost as soon as it got there. At twenty three, the precum covered finger pressed inside of him. He gasped loudly, hearing the murmurs from the people around him. Twenty four. The one finger deep inside of him, searching. “Please, daddy.” Dean heard himself say. This time, the gasp wasn’t from him. He panicked for a moment, as Castiel removed his finger, but he was pleasantly surprised when a different finger came to rub against his slit, taking even more precum.
Dean bit on his lip to muffle his whimper. Hearing Castiel talk like that did things to him. The first hit came to his ass with a sharp smack. He gasped loudly without thinking, then moved his arm to cover his mouth. Castiel pulled his hand back. “You will not cover your mouth. If I choose to gag you, I will. I want to hear every little noise you make. If you cannot comply I will tie your hands behind your back.”
“I wanted-needed to see you.” Dean said. “Is everything okay?” Castiel asked, concern visible in his furrowed brow. “I was driving, and there was your house and I knew that if I drove past it one more time without coming up I would regret it for the rest of my life.” Dean began, Castiel still quiet, wine class long since put down.
“Yeah, I know. Sorry I can’t help today.” Dean said, feeling a bit guilty. “Oh, it’s no trouble. I just-I can’t find the control for the board, and the students are becoming restless. You know how they are.” Castiel said. He loved teaching, but the amount of students could become overwhelming. “Oh yeah, I think I saw it somewhere over here.” Dean said. He rummaged around the mess on the desk and found the remote for the board. “Thank you, Dean.” Castiel said, taking the remote, fingers brushing softly, and closing the door to the office.
“Cas, buddy,” Dean shifts the weight of the stack of books in his arms and then sets it on his desk. “It’s alright. Let me just—”
“Just a little spell to give him a chub anytime he gets the ole grace fingers.” He waggles his eyebrows and his fingers at the same time. “He started it when he trapped me in holy fire, okay? Besides, it barely even worked, and it was strictly boner patrol only.” His voice turns unexpectedly sincere. “I didn’t make him do anything he didn’t want to. And it’s done now anyway, so, don’t worry, I broke the spell. Now if you don’t mind,” he turns to wink at Dean, “I have an orgy in Rome to return to.”
“Look, man. I don’t know—I thought I was—I thought I
“No, I don’t think so. Rakshasa aren’t that powerful. They likely don’t even have a concept of angels,” Cas mumbles. Eileen is pressing the back of her hand to his forehead, as if it would even help to know if he was feverish.
Castiel is not exactly sure how it happens but somehow, Dean’s lips are now covering his. As time passes, it seems less and less accidental, because what started as just a soft brush of the lips now finds them exploring each other’s mouth and Cas can’t help but shiver again at the first swipe of Dean’s tongue against his parted lips. As they finally pull apart, out of breath, his heart skips a beat when he hears Dean whisper: “I love you too.”
“Dean.” The angel says with determination. “I understand that you will never see yourself the way I see you. But if there’s even a small part of you that wants me around, I’d like to stay with you.” He adds in a soft voice, putting a reassuring hand on the one that Dean still has on his shoulder.
“I’m sorry it took me so long to say it. I should have said it before the Empty took you. I should have said it the very second you came back. I just… I’ve been waiting for the other shoe to drop, I guess. It just seemed impossible that I was finally allowed to have this.”
Cas doesn’t reply but nods and smile, and Dean automatically smiles back. Then, they both get out of the car and focus on their upcoming fight with God.
He caves as he finally meets Castiel’s gaze and warm smile and steps towards him to pull him in an embrace. As he reaches around his shoulders to bring him even closer, he knows the tears are falling again. They hadn’t really gotten to say goodbye, at least Dean hadn’t, and feeling his warmth again only reminds him of how painful losing him was, and how long it’s been since they last saw each other.
Hi guys !
“I know. I just wish I didn’t have to watch him get hurt all the time.” Dean replies, clenching his jaw.
“I know time is a strange concept here, especially for humans, but it’s been almost 40 years since we last saw each other, Dean. That’s longer than the time we spent together on Earth. You never prayed to me. I never even felt your longing until now.” Cas says before lowering his eyes, avoiding the hunter’s gaze.
-	“I wanted to, buddy. I just… I don’t know. I’m lost. I…” It was only then that Dean realized that he had been holding back tears since he left the bunker. And right now, he was so close to break.
“Of course.” Castiel replies and Dean finally seems to relax a little. After a few minutes of silence, his doubts are confirmed: Dean didn’t come to talk. The closeness between them is reassuring though, and Castiel closes his eyes to let the slumber takes over, hoping Dean will fall asleep quickly as well because he definitely deserves some rest.
“You’re gonna stand here all night and watch me sleep, for old time’s sake?” Dean tries to joke. However, his tone immediately changes to a much softer one as he finally catches the angel’s eyes. “Are you okay?” He asks, frowning. Castiel realizes he must still look pretty distraught.
“You could touch my soul.” he says.
He takes a deep breath and starts talking again, sounding more determined. “We’re going to get rid of Chuck, one way or another. And when that’s done, I’m going to rip the Empty apart. And not because it’s a burden,but because there is no way in hell I’m gonna let it take you. I love you so much Cas and I’m sorry it took me so long to say it.”
“You got a dog?” Castiel asks, raising an eyebrow but smiling at the way Dean introduced him.
“I get it, Cas. Me too.” He whispers. Trying to lighten the atmosphere, he asks:  “So I guess I can keep kissing you, right?”
Castiel smiles against his mouth, realizing how happy he feels. The happiness he felt when he sacrificed himself for Dean came with a feeling of peace at doing the right thing, but now, the feeling seem surreal, almost too good to be true.
And then, they had been too busy finding Sam, dealing with the British Men of Letters, Lucifer and the Nephilim to even talk about it.
- "Cas…please…" Dean was literally begging his friend. "I need someone on my side." He added with a pleading look. "I am not trying to be stubborn here, I just don't trust them and I am pretty sure working with them will backfire on us at some point. Look at what happened to you when we followed Mom the last time."
The sound of his mug shattering as it hits the floor is enough to end the embrace and have both figures turn to Dean, who feels like the world has stopped turning.
“God, I love you.” Dean says with a sleepy voice, and then freezes when he realizes what he just said.
The next morning, Castiel wakes up alone for the first time and with a pounding headache. Dean’s side of the bed is already cold, and it’s still quite early, so it looks like he hasn’t slept that much. When he gets to the kitchen, there’s a pot of coffee, a big glass of water, and some ibuprofen waiting for him, but the older Winchester is nowhere to be seen. He went for a drive, according to Sam.
“Hey Cas… I don’t even know if you can hear me, but I just need to talk to you. There are some things I need to say, there’s just so much that needs to come out since that night. I hope… maybe you can hear me. I really hope you can.” He’s forced to stop talking for a second because he’s breathless, the sobs now wracking through his body. “Castiel” He starts again and he knows he sounds desperate, pleading, and he really hope Sam isn’t going wake up and come find him. “I need you back. I swear I’m trying to find a way, we’re looking every day, but I can’t seem to find anything. It’s only been a week and we’ve been busy, so I’m trying to keep my head up. Jack has had seven days to bring you back though, so I don’t understand why you’re not here. I know he said he was going to be hands off, but I thought he’d make an exception for you. Maybe he can’t. But I don’t want to think about it, because if he doesn’t have the power do it, there’s no way I do, and I can’t accept that. I don’t want to give up on you Cas.  Chuck’s gone, we’re finally free and we should be happy. You should be happy too. You should be here. I can’t focus on anything else when you’re away. Hang in there buddy, okay? I don’t know how long it’s gonna take me, but I’ll get you out. There’s still so much I need to tell you but I hope you heard all of that at least. And I hope I can see you soon.
-	“Dean ! You’re alive ? What about the bomb? The Darkness? What happened?”
- “I didn’t even think about it but I should have understood earlier…” Dean starts, quietly. He takes a deep breath and adds: “this must be the same spell used to lock the Darkness away… It says that for the entity to stay locked away, the key reside in a mark…”
“Fine, you can come with me.” He tells the dog as they step out of the bunker.
“It’s just a bruise Dean, he’ll be fine.” Sam says, apparently taking a break from texting Eileen.
Castiel hesitates, then asks: “Would you be fine with me staying there?”
They had said goodbye in Lawrence, Kansas, because Dean wanted to visit his mother’s grave just one last time before facing the Darkness. He was literally a bomb, loaded with souls, ready to explode and he was going to a certain death, but he was mostly at peace.
- "I need to tell you something." He said his tone so shy that the hunter barely heard him.
“Michael has made a few changes on how everybody’s heavens are going to work. Once in a while, doors are going to open and we’re going to be able to visit other people. I suspect he knew we’d end up trying anyway so he’s giving us the opportunity every now and then while keeping control over it.”
Castiel feels his heart breaking, seeing his friend struggling and timidly raises his hand to cup the hunter’s cheek and dry some of his tears, feeling relieved when he immediately leans into his touch. They had never been so close before, so emotionally vulnerable, and despite the situation, the angel’s heart rate was picking up. Only a few weeks ago, it had seemed like they might never be friends or trust each other again, and having the hunter open up to that extent was more than he could have ever hoped for, even 24 hours ago.
Castiel groans but cooperates, holding himself to the counter with one hand, not understanding why the world won’t stop spinning, and Dean starts brushing his own teeth next to him, a hand on his back to steady him. If he wasn’t so drunk, he’d probably blush at how much a simple action can make them look like a couple. And how much he enjoys the intimacy.
It’s almost noon when he finally comes back and Sam has found a hunt a couple of states over, so they decide to head out and take care of it. They could have called other hunters, but in a way, and even with the silence between Dean and Castiel, it’s the most normal things have felt in months. It’s just the two of them, plus Sam because it’s just a house haunting, so Eileen decides to go visit one of her friends nearby.
“Good morning sunshine.” He says before cupping his cheek and kissing him. They take their time, feeling the lingering taste of coffee in each other’s mouths. Their tongues slowly discovering each other, while their hands are moving, touching as much skin as possible. Cas slides his hands under Dean t-shirt, while the hunter moves one of his hands up to grip his hair, and the kiss quickly grows from slow and sensual to hot and needy.
Cas nods, absent-mindedly and lets out a non-committal grunt. He wants to suggest that Dean should spend the night on his comfortable bed, but he’s afraid that he might take it as a rejection from Cas, or worse, take his word for it and move back to his room.
“No. That wasn’t our deal. I’m not happy yet.” He says with a shaky voice.
He starts with Sam, who is sleeping deeply but obviously having nightmares. He let his fingers hover over his friend’s forehead, using the little grace he has available to make some of the nightmares go away. When Sam’s face looks less tormented, the angel decides to move to the other Winchester’s room. Like his younger brother, he is probably asleep as the angel’s soft knocks on his door are left unanswered; however Castiel is surprised to find the bed unmade, but empty.
Hope you're all staying home as much as possible and staying safe!
- “Cas… we good?” His tone sounds so shy and insecure that a wave of tenderness rushes through the angel.
“Nothing’s happening.” Cas replies and Sam raises an eyebrow, clearly not believing him. As he starts talking again, he looks a lot more serious.
Cas can’t help but think about the hunter’s prayer from the night before and wonder what else Dean needed to tell him so badly. He’s been standing close, catching his eyes occasionally all day, but he’s also been avoiding his stare, and now that he thinks about it, Dean’s always made sure to leave whatever room they were all in first so they wouldn’t be left alone, just the two of them. The revelation feels like a punch in the gut, although he had accepted a long time ago that the hunter didn’t love him back. He feels sad, but tries to focus on the fact that Dean’s reaction to his confession could have been a lot worse. He was willing to give him all the time in the world to process, because they didn’t have Chuck breathing down their necks anymore, or another apocalypse to prevent, so they didn’t have to rush things. He had felt the desperation in his prayer, heard that Dean still needed him, still wanted him in his life, even after all the feelings Castiel had unloaded on him that night. So, as far as the angel was concerned, that was enough. The fact that he hadn’t ruined their friendship by declaring his unconditional love to the hunter was more than he could have hoped for.
“I’m sorry Castiel.” Jack said, surprising the angel. “I thought I was doing the right thing.”
It takes a long time for them to fall asleep after that, but they both feel peaceful again, enjoying the intimate contact.
“Yeah” Dean whispers.  He raises his hand to lightly trace the bruise just above Castiel’s elbow with his fingers, making him shiver. He removes his hand right away, thinking he’s hurting him.
The angel nods, avoiding his gaze, seeing that the hunter had finally realized that they were facing the Empty.
They end up finding him in the kitchen, seating with Sam who seems to have no idea why the Nephilim is fuming.
- “Dean. The plan failed. I’m not getting the Mark.” Castiel replies, slowly closing the distance between them again.
“Yes.” Castiel replies immediately, without thinking. He then realizes that Dean probably wouldn’t want his brother to know they’ve slept in the same bed, so he quickly starts talking again. “I mean, I believe he is. I haven’t seen him around, have you?”
When his father was alive, it seemed like things had been easier. John had raised him, and even if he was hard on him most of the time, there was no doubt that he had loved him. The man had been driven by his desire of revenge. Heartbroken since the love of his life had died so horribly. Numb after seeing and killing so many monsters. But he had loved his sons, had done everything to protect them even if raising them like little soldiers had been his way of showing them.
“This okay?”
Once they’re done, they head to Dean’s room to get ready for bed and the hunter ends up spending several minutes staring at his friend who can’t seem to remember how to unbutton his shirt. He’s letting out his third frustrated grown when Dean finally decides to help despite the heat rising on his cheek.
When he saw how reluctant Cas looked, Dean stopped pacing. He froze, worried about what he was going to hear.
The drive back to the bunker is quiet, although Dean keeps stealing glances at Cas in the backseat. The angel was staring right back at him in the beginning, daring him to say anything about him getting hurt, but Dean stayed silent.  Now that Castiel has fallen asleep, he can let the concern show on his face.
Dean almost let out a relieved sigh but then, the angel started speaking again.
“It’s okay Jack, I’d be happy to become human.”
Dean almost says that he should remove his coat and jacket to feel more comfortable, but it doesn’t feel brave enough to get the words out. Castiel probably wouldn’t feel the difference anyway, so he decides that he doesn’t care, as long as the angel stays with him.
After another minute though, Dean finally stops moving and when Castiel turns his head towards him, he realizes that Dean has chosen the exact same position as the night before, lying on his side, facing him. He can’t tell for sure in the darkness, but he believes the hunter is staring straight at him. He slowly shifts in the bed, so he can face him as well, and for a while, they’re just lying on their sides, their bodies close, listening to each other’s breathing, trying to guess each other’s features in the dark. Then, a hand comes to rest on Castiel’s cheek. He tries his best not to flinch at the sudden warmth, even though he’s surprised because he doesn’t want it to go away.
With his grace failing, everything had felt kind of muffled ever since Jack had died. Right now though, the hunter’s prayer was so intense that Castiel felt like each word was radiating throughout his whole body.
But then, he didn’t die.
“I didn’t realize we were going to be cuddling.” He says, seemingly serious while trying to compose himself.
For the first time in a long time, Dean laughs, because he can’t believe that’s the first thing Cas says after he confesses his feelings, but it’s also very Cas-like. He leans in to steal another soft kiss, still reveling in the fact that he even gets to do it, but Cas grips him tight, and this time, he kisses back. The first kiss was perfect in his softness but this one is much more passionate, and even more perfect. He slides a hand in Castiel’s hair and brings their faces even closer, while the angel’s grasp around his waist brings their bodies together. Dean slightly opens his mouth as their tongues quickly find each other and he can’t believe how warm and addictive it feels. He already knows he could keep going forever, but they end up breaking the kiss to catch their breaths.
He spares a glance towards Sam and can guess in his look that he just did the same thing.
“But Sam…” Castiel worries and laces their fingers together on his lap.
“But I don’t have a heaven, and Heaven is supposed to be memories.” Castiel says, more confused than ever.
Castiel closed his eyes for a second, feeling heat behind his eyelids. He took a deep breath and let a tear escape. He had wanted to hear those words for months, but hadn’t realized how desperately he had needed the hunter’s forgiveness until now.
and enters their heaven.
“I’m very thankful to be here as well.” Castiel replies, glad that Dean can’t see the tears that his words have brought to his eyes, but hoping he can hear the smile in his voice.  He almost regrets talking, because it seems to bring Dean back to reality and he drops his hands.
Hope you liked it, if so don't hesitate to leave a comment or a kudo! I have a couple of other ideas I'm working on so stay tuned.
-	“Cas.” was all Dean could mutter.
He turns around and wanders around the bunker’s hallways as he realizes that his friend probably hadn’t been able to fall asleep. He decides to check the kitchen first and isn’t surprised to find Dean there; although the hunter’s position seems unusual. Instead of sitting at the kitchen table, he is on the floor, his back against the kitchen island and the unfinished bottle of whiskey from earlier in his hands. His eyes are closed, so he isn’t aware of the angel’s presence yet and Castiel thinks about leaving him alone for a second, to give him some space, but then, he spots the tears silently streaming down the hunter’s face and isn’t able to stop the words coming out of his mouth.
- "I know… I just had to try."
“Is everything okay?”
Eventually, he’s able to breathe again, and his heart rate slowly calms down. He turns to his side to get closer to the warmth and can feel a very much real Dean, slightly snoring a few inches from him. He must have somehow felt Castiel’s anxiety in his sleep because the warmth that brought the angel back to reality is the hunter’s callous hand on his skin, his fingers circling his wrist.
- “Dean you’ve already taken the Mark you can’t take it again. I can, it’s the only way.” Replies Castiel, trying to keep his voice as calm and reassuring as possible given what he is about to do.
Tags have been updated!
“I love you.”
- "He said you had a fight, but didn't say about what. He said it wasn't important, but that he was worried about you." Replied Cas, looking at the hunter in a way that made him feel the angel was trying to read his mind.
“I wouldn’t be born if it weren’t for you. I wouldn’t have had a family, and I would have been taken by the Empty the first time I died if you hadn’t been there. I’ll always be grateful for you Castiel. Now let’s finish our work on this place so I can send you back to our family.” Jack says as they let go of each other.
- “But it could have!” Dean cries out, pushing the angel away, letting the anger take over. “Things like us becoming a vampire and me killing Jody seemed surreal, but not impossible enough for me to laugh it off.” He shudders. “And when it comes to losing you because of the Mark, just thinking about how close we were…” The anger disappears as quickly as it had appeared and the hunter was now looking like he was about to start crying again.
He’s known their bond was special for years, and can’t believe that Castiel still thinks that Dean doesn’t have feelings for him, even after the long hugs, the lingering looks and touches, and literally spending the previous night in the same bed. He knows it’s not in place to interfere though, no matter how much he wants to, so he settles for comforting words instead.
“But this is different. You’re different.” Castiel's voice is amost pleading at this point.
Even though they’ve just spent a couple of days mostly ignoring each other and despite the tension still very much present between them, they head in the same direction once they arrive at the bunker. Dean insists on helping Cas clean up the cuts, and put some cream on his arm before they head to bed, exhausted. There’s still an uncomfortable silence between them, but they’re both relieved to be back in the reassuring familiarity of Dean’s bed, together. As Cas is about to turn off the light on the nightstand, he realizes that Dean is a lot closer to him than usual, barely an inch between their bodies, and he looks troubled.
“Come in.” He says, and can’t help the flutter in his chest when the door opens to reveal an embarrassed Dean Winchester.
“I’m gonna get a beer. You want one?” the hunter finally asks.
“No Dean, you have to let me go.” Cas replies with a sad smile as he tries to wipe some of the hunter’s tears. Dean knows he won’t be able to stop them, knows that he’s about to lose the angel again so he pulls him close, gripping his trench coat, and buries his face in the crook of his neck.
“Humm” he starts not sure what to say. If he ever wondered what it felt like to be busted by his kid, that was pretty much it.
“So when is it going to be then?” Cas asks and he can feel the tension radiating from Dean’s body, how he’s slipping away from him, the giddiness from moments ago now forgotten. He instantly regrets pushing the hunter, after repeatedly telling himself that he didn’t need more. That they had been through a lot, that the worst was behind them and he owed it to Dean to give him time to process everything. The hunter had let him in, closer than before, shared his bed with him every single night, slowly opening up and letting their relationship shift into a new direction, and Castiel was ruining it. “I’m sorry.” He says and Dean meets his eyes again, surprised to see the panic on his face. “Just pretend I didn’t say anything.” He adds before turning around to leave and go hide in his room.
When they wake up the next morning, they’re still spooning, and even their legs are tangled. He can’t see Dean’s face, but he can feel through the lack of tension in his body, and his even breathing, that he’s still fast asleep. Castiel closes his eyes again to focus on the sensation, on how good it feels to be held by Dean.
When Castiel reopens his eyes, he feels a strong pressure on his chest and realizes that he has trouble breathing. Everything around him is dark and silent, the only sounds being his heart pounding in his head. He tries to calm himself down, tries to move but he’s just paralyzed. He desperately tries to take a deep breath, tries to tell himself that the Empty has never been so good at manipulating his dreams, despite a creative imagination, that he must be out because everything had felt too real, but the panic is too strong and entirely controlling his body. He lets out a whimper, but all of a sudden, he feels warmth on his wrist and he’s able to move again.
“You were gone. ” Dean whispers.  “Everything happened so quickly. I felt like I was going crazy Cas, and that was the only proof I had of what actually happened. I just walked past that room, saw that it looked like nothing happened, and... I freaked out I guess." Dean confesses, ashamed.
Dean nods and they can’t help but start making plans for the first time the doors will open. They’re probably going to visit Bobby first, who’s most likely to congratulate them for getting their heads out of their asses. Dean suspects the old bastard knew about them long before their realized their own feelings.
Castiel quickly changes into his pajamas, which are still Dean’s clothes because that’s the one thing Eileen and him didn’t buy today, and the angel didn’t say anything because he loves wearing the hunter’s worn t-shirt and soft pants. He lies down on the bed too and turns the bedside light off, ready to spend another night surrounded by Dean’s warm presence. However, as soon as they’re in the dark, the hunter starts tossing and turning in the bed, restless.
-	“Ok. First one there chooses and motel and text the address to the other.” Dean mumbled.
“I’m not angry at you, okay? I get it. Hell, making crappy deals is almost a family tradition at this point. It’s just so unfair. You gave everything up, man. You’re the most loyal son of a bitch I’ve ever met. Your faith in God was unwavering for millennia, and then you rebelled, gave everything up for me and Sam. You’re so damn loyal to Jack even when things go sideways, even if it means standing up to the rest of your family and you’re the reason he’s such a good kid. You just deserve so much better Cas.”
He settles down and casts his line in the water, enjoying the peace and quiet. He remembers being in the same position, at a very similar spot, when Castiel first visited his dreams, years ago. He thinks about Jack’s excitement when they went fishing together for the first time. He closes his eyes and allows himself to miss them. He knows Jack is everywhere, so technically he’s also here with him, but he misses the kid and his goofiness. He wishes he could have been a kid a bit longer, had a proper childhood. He wishes he had treated him better. He thinks about how sorry he is and hopes Jack is listening.
Dean jumps when he heard his friend’s voice, quickly rubbing his eyes with the back of his left hand to hide his tears.
That was it, the thing that Dean had dreaded. Even if he had been expecting to hear something like that, he still felt like a punch in the gut. For a second, he felt like he couldn't breathe. Then he exploded.
Sam smiles, seeing how flustered Castiel is, and explains: “I found Miracle waiting outside of your bedroom door this morning. I went to check Dean’s bedroom and it was pretty obvious that he didn’t sleep in his bed last night. Quite easy to figure it out from there.” Seeing that the angel looks embarrassed, and isn’t saying anything, he adds: “Hey, I won’t mention it if it’s a touchy subject, even though it’s very tempting to tease my brother about it. But if you need to talk about what’s happening between you two, I’m here to listen.”
It’s past one am when they finally decide to go home and Dean and Cas are straight-up giggling in the backseat for no apparent reason. Sam and Eileen exchange amused looks in the front until they get interrupted by Dean who yells:
- “Goodnight Dean.” Cas replies, watching him go.
Castiel walked towards the hunter and let himself fall into his embrace when he realized Dean’s arms where reaching out to hug him. He instantly hugged back. They both let out deep sighs, happy to be reunited and finding comfort in each other’s touch after weeks of fighting.
- “Don’t… I can’t lose you Cas.”Dean replies, opening his eyes to stare at his friends with pleading eyes. Craving more contact, he grabs his wrist, tracing patterns on the skin that wasn’t covered by the trench coat.
“Cas?” He manages to whisper, breathing heavily.
“Miracle, this is Cas. He’s family. Cas, this is Miracle, he lives with us now.” Dean says, crouching down to pat the dog’s head reassuringly.
"His reaction seems quite strong. I'm not sure it's about fishing Dean." Castiel replies. Worry creeps up on him, as he starts to wonder if the reason behind Jack’s anger is linked to the happiness he feels. But Jack is young and still unexperienced when it comes to feelings, so he couldn’t be so clairvoyant, could he?
“Dean, I can’t tell if it’s going to work this time. I don’t think that’s a good idea.”
But in the meantime he has great company, and a lot of lost time to make up for. He snaps out of his daydreaming and turns to face Cas, who’s staring at him with a soft smile.
Things had been really good between him and Dean. Since they had returned from Purgatory, since Dean’s prayer, their relationship had taken a turn for the better. There was more trust that ever, on both sides. There were more smiles and lingering touches, more time spent together enjoying silences that were comfortable and never awkward. There were some deep conversations too, like the night Jack had gotten his soul back and begged for forgiveness. Dean had patted the kid’s shoulder and left the room, but Cas had found him hovering by Jack’s room a couple hours later, hesitant to knock. They had moved to the kitchen instead, and they had talked about “their” son, Mary, Chuck and the angel had even told him about his deal with the Empty. At this moment, Dean had had to fight every instinct to react calmly, but after a deep, shaky breath, they had talked some more. Talked about everything that had been left unspoken all this time. Everything except the fact that they were madly in love with each other of course.
“I…” Dean opens and closes his mouth several times, clearly not expecting his friend to be so forward. He looks away, biting his lip, clearly trying to gather his thoughts and Castiel feels a wave of affection rushing over him. He raises his hand and delicately traces the hunter’s face with his fingers. Dean closes his eyes under the soft touch but reopens them when he feels Castiel tensing up, his look becoming way too serious for someone who has been drinking that much.
Castiel wakes up with a start. At least he thinks he’s awake. He’s surrounded by darkness, silence and he’s cold. He tries to calm his pounding heart and tune out the voice in his head that tries again to make him believe that he’s still in the Empty. He reaches over the nightstand and manages to find his phone. The screen lights up and he lets out a deep sigh of relief when the faint light is enough to show him that yes, he’s in his room in the bunker. It’s only his second time having this nightmare, and if watching over Dean’s sleep after Hell taught him one thing, it’s that it’s probably going to happen many times over the next few years.
“Which means I could spend more time around here, if my presence is welcomed.” Castiel adds, shyly. He tries to not get his hopes up, because they haven’t really talked about his confession, but Dean seems happy to see him. Maybe he could stick around. Being by his side as his friend was much better that being away from him.
“I fell asleep… and it’s like I was back there. I’m just…” Castiel tries to find the right words but he’s caught off guard when he feels his eyes tearing up.
“You should have said something about your deal, man. I should have realized that something was wrong, that Jack coming back had been too easy but…” Dean replies, his throat tight with emotion.
Too quickly, the door starts rattling as the Empty tries to open it. The warding on the room is strong, but it’s not meant for such a powerful being. They’re trapped.
“You’re safe Cas. I got you.” Dean whispers, his breath hot against Castiel’s skin. He brings his hands to rest on top of Dean and squeezes, hoping that the hunter will understand how grateful he is.
“For the love of G… Jack, Dean, you can’t be serious. I know how to drive. You’re the one who taught me.” He rolls his eyes, and then a devilish grin appears on his face. “And you’re one to talk. You’re not watching the road half of the time because you’re too busy staring at…”
He was on his own and he wasn’t okay.
- “I understand.” The angel replies with a smile.
“Morning Cas, slept well?” he asks, joyful.
He had told Sam, Mary and Dean he loved them, but Dean knew one of his “I love you” was directed at him, echoing the words he had texted almost a year earlier. It had become their thing, and even if they were avoiding each other’s gazes at that moment, they Dean knew Cas was saying goodbye. That’s when he realized he was about to lose the angel, again, and he had no idea what to do. His brain seemed frozen, he couldn’t think about a way to save the angel. His angel.
At the time, Sam had been the rebellious one. Always looking for more. While Dean had been following his father blindly, it seemed like Sam had always been looking for conflict.
“You better. Don’t you dare leave me again.” Dean says, his gruff voice slightly trembling before cupping his face with both of his hands.
- “You’re exhausted. Let’s get you to bed.” He says, offering his hand to Dean who immediately takes. Castiel almost pulls out once his friend is back on his feet, but ends up having to catch him as he crashes against his body, shaking.
“Are you happy right now?” Jack spats, only looking at Castiel, and he sounds so angry that Dean is taken aback.
However, Eileen had finally arrived to be by Sam side. And no matter how happy he was to see her again, to see how his brother’s smile had gotten even bigger since she had joined them, seeing them together only reminded him of the gaping hole in his chest.
So, he went for a drive. On the road, with his baby and his music, he can pretend he has everything he needs. Even if that isn’t entirely true. After everything he’s been through, he has made it to Heaven. He is surrounded by people he loved and he is finally at peace. So he can’t complain, right?
Dean chuckles at his words but it’s so full of tears that only a broken sound comes out. He pulls the angel against him, gripping the back of his trench coat and drops his head on his shoulder to breathe him in. He can feel his whole body shaking, but for the first time in weeks, he feels alive. Castiel’s arms are carefully circling his shoulder as the hug lasts longer than usual, and he can feel that the angel seems a little distant, not holding him as tightly as he has in the past, but hugging him nonetheless.
“I spent the whole day thinking about this but I wanted to wait until we were alone. I almost kissed you before we burned the house down but that didn't seem like the best scenery for a romantic encounter." Dean is barely registering what the angel is talking about, obsessed with the memory of soft lips against his, but Castiel’s way of describing intimate situations makes him chuckle as always. "When I touched your soul, I didn’t mean to intrude… but I just felt… everything.” The angel adds.
“It’s my fault if I was too slow, not yours. I just need a bit of training to get used to fighting as a human, but I’ll learn. It’s not your job to protect me, Dean.“ Castiel softly replies.
When he realized the hunter was getting angrier and angrier and he was nowhere near calming down, Castiel decided he had to tell him why he had disappeared for the past few days now, before things got worse. He knew Dean was going to be angry and disappointed in him but he had to be honest.
When they finally walk back to the bunker, after one last “Thank you” sent to Jack, he feels much better, lighter.
“Let me?” the Empty laughs, then adds: “Boy, I’m older than God. You really think you can stop me? I’d like to see you try.”
-“It wasn’t real though. Sam prevented all of this from happening.” Replies Castiel, still stroking his friend’s arm to soothe him.
Castiel knocks on Dean’s door, fully knowing that he won’t get a response, and goes in. He locates the hunter on his bed right away and his heart clenches as he sees the shaky pile of covers above his body. He sits down on the edge of the bed and lays a hand on top of the covers, in what he hopes if a comforting gesture.
