It's not, it's never going to be alright. He doesn't know how to make it be alright. I don't want you to go, he needs to tell him, but I wouldn't blame you if you did. Everyone else has.
"It's not a big deal, really. We were heading back here anyway when Bobby called. And we would've come, even if you hadn't asked." Sam offered him a smile. "You're a good friend."
Precision has never historically been an issue for Castiel. Prayers came from fixed and easy geography; even if the supplicant was moving—even if they were moving
"You bite me, you're a vampire forever," he reminded Dean flatly, glaring down at him. His nose was still bleeding, his ribs still aching from the earlier blow, and he was not in a particularly patient mood. "Control yourself."
"Cool," Dean whispered, and though the answering smile tugging at his mouth was cautious, it was nonetheless genuine.
"It's no prob, man. I like crashing here." Charlie looks up and finally notices him, and her grin is bright enough that Dean smiles back. At least someone is happy to see him, and at this point he'll take what he can get. Charlie's a pretty good catch, all things considered. "Hey, slugger. Nice sling."
"I've figured it out," Jonah told him two days later. Castiel was back to being suspended from the ceiling by his wrists. His joints had not healed properly, and they wailed inside him at the repeated duress.
Castiel flinched at the name, unable to stop the reaction. It made Jonah's face constrict, his mouth tightening. He was becoming more confident in his role as jailer, and Castiel was growing weaker.
angel wears jeans from Wal-Mart, how about yours? That's too many words, so he says none of them. Instead he hums. "Thank you. Sorry."
He allowed himself the luxury of letting his fingers trail along Dean's back. Soft, uneven touches, patterns that meant nothing and went nowhere. He'd seen human beings do this after lovemaking many times, and had incorrectly surmised that it must be a simple shedding of excess energy from overstimulated nerves. The mindless loops he traced over Dean's scarred shoulderblade were more profound than that.
Jonah considered Castiel's broken leg, head cocked. Crouched low as he was, his vessel appeared small in the room. It wasn't the way angels were supposed to carry themselves in human bodies, Castiel thought, though Jonah wouldn't know that. He'd never been briefed on how to conduct himself on Earth. He'd never been told to stand tall.
Part of it was him waiting to see if Cas would make a move first, which he eventually realises is the exact fucking problem that's been plaguing him this entire time. Cas
Dean's angel-killing bullets proved highly effective. He was an excellent shot, and while many of the hits weren't fatal, they slowed angels down enough that Castiel could kill them with minimal effort. They fell into an easy rhythm as they wound around the intricate halls of the office building—Dean would put a round into one of Bartholomew's men, and Castiel would finish them off with Jonah's blade. He hated relying on Dean in fights, especially against something as dangerous as angels, but his Grace was even more mutilated than he originally thought. It was difficult to quantify the damage Theo had done by ripping his wings down to Earth. Castiel resolved not to dwell on it—there would be time for that later.
Hannah was incredibly displeased with him, and he could sense her ire like the beat of a drum in the back of his mind; constant, continuous, never-ending. Attending to a personal matter was one thing—something she could, at least, empathise with—but leaving Heaven to read scattered and incomplete analyses on biblical literature was not exactly a valuable use of an angel's time, and there were not that many angels left these days. There was little point in lying to her, but explaining out loud to Hannah what he was doing made the rationale sound even more thin on the ground than it did in his head.
The casual tone falls flat, and the words come out like a confession instead. Cas' mouth curls, eyes dancing around Dean's face, slipping to his bare collarbone, the sweep of his shoulders. "Good."
"We'll get breakfast in the morning," Dean assured him, burrowing deeper into the meagre sanctuary of his coat. The cold from outside seeped in through the windows, taking a jab at any inch of exposed skin.
One of Sam's shoulders rose and fell in a shrug beside him. "It is, some days. Other times he's mostly himself. And the vamp thing—" He shot a look back at the warehouse, jaw working. "I don't know. It's like he can't do impulse control anymore. This isn't helping."
Cas looks up. He's several meters away, inspecting one of his standing box planters, and straightens to his full height at the sight of Dean. "Yes."
Cas pulls them towards the little baby plants lined up in neat rows along some more tables, the ones in the black plastic four-square containers. The selfish part of him wonders why Cas didn't come to
Slowly and painfully he got out of bed. He remembered the lethargy from the last time this shit happened, but it still hit him hard, made his head swim and his legs all rubbery. Several minutes of struggling with his blanket got him into a sitting position on the edge of the mattress, and he stared at the floor for a while, contemplating how miserable he felt. Definitely worse than a hangover.
His phone interrupts them by vibrating on the table. Leaning over to read the caller ID, he raises a brow. "Speak of the devil."
shaking, too, and redoubles his grip on Cas until he's sure he's gonna rip his shirt. Dean's rapidly running out of breath, but he doesn't want to break away, doesn't ever want to leave a single inch of space between them again. Not until Cas gets it through his head that the only place for him is here.
"You picked the guy's pockets before you burned his body, right?" he asks Claire as he walks slowly towards the gallows, limping heavily. Cas must have used the spare key to let himself inside Jody's place, because he isn't anywhere in sight. His gut roils. Good thing he hasn't eaten.
Nurses filter in and out of his room, mostly to check his IV. Eventually, after what feels like hours, Jody comes in, taking command of the chair by his bed. Without any mushy preamble about how he's feeling or if he's okay, she begins asking him all the questions she needs in order to close this case, like he's some random civilian she doesn't know. Her tone is all business, but there's a severe look on her face, so he doesn't push his luck. Instead he plays his part by giving her the PG version that can go into a police report. Kidnapped by a crazy cannibal murderer who keeps his victims underground and digs up dead people.
And so on. He watched Harry Burns and Sally Albright discuss their love lives over coffee and argue about the impossibility of friendship. All the while Dean laid next to him, close enough that their legs brushed under the blankets, their hands shifting occasionally in each other's to ease the pressure off their fingers. From this angle it was impossible to look at Dean without catching his attention, and so Castiel kept asking questions as an excuse to do so, even if he knew the answer. Dean never seemed to mind.
"Bartholomew is not your concern." Jonah's blade appeared in his hand, though not to use. He studied the steel, rotating it under the wan slice of sun from the window. It appeared as a knife on Earth, just as all angel blades did, though Castiel knew it was much closer to a hammer. "How did you command others to move against Raphael?"
The challenge in his tone is low-hanging fruit, but Cas eats it up anyway, pressing a hand to his chest until Dean is flat on his back and Cas is suspended over him, hands bracketing his body to prevent any attempt at escape. As if Dean would ever be that stupid again.
It's weird, actually, how normal this all feels. It certainly isn't what qualifies as "normal" for Dean; being this domestic is about as foreign to him as outer space. But they have a routine going. He gets his eight hours of shut-eye each night. Cas is sleeping in his bed again, though he still makes sure to leave room for Jesus. So, okay, maybe not totally normal. But they're good. His fuck-up has been both forgiven and forgotten, and they're back to where they were before. He keeps waiting for something bad to happen, some new catastrophe to deal with that'll put them at odds again. He's careful about what he says, probably more than he ever has been in his life, so if something
The whole thing leaves him warm inside. Like maybe the world isn't ending after all and he can just solve his problems like a normal human being by calling the people he cares about and tossing a few apologies their way. Christ knows they deserve at least that from him. When he finally hangs up the phone, they both say I love you. The sun's starting to show its face in the front foyer, and he feels like he just discovered something.
He stands up way too abruptly from the bed and waves for Cas to do the same. "Come on. I'm starving."
He's saved from reacting normally to Cas' gentle smile when the waitress comes by to check on them. She offers a perfunctory uptick of her mouth, which quickly turns to a frown when she sees the stack of menus she handed them are still in a pile in the middle of the table.
"All of them," Dean says quietly. And that has to be enough, doesn't it? Cas has gotta know what he means when he says shit like this. Nobody else, nowhere else, never in his whole life. Cas is the exception that breaks the rule. He still can't get out the actual words he wants to say, the ones he needs to say back to Cas, but for now he can do this.
"Disobedience and independence are two separate things," Castiel said instead, hoping it would distract Jonah.
"Who cares." Dean's hand found the back of his neck and pulled him close again, and Castiel disregarded everything else that was not Dean.
Well, he figures he's got two options. He can continue to stew in his own wretched juices, or he can be an adult and deal with his problems.
The sound of his phone buzzing on the table wakes him. His hand wheels around, grabbing for it on his nightstand, and a wave of dizziness washes over him as he sits upright.
"For a walk," she says caustically over her shoulder, hand on the doorknob. "Is that alright with you?"
"As I said, boundaries." Cas is nosing at his skin now, pressing idle kisses along his collarbone, shoulder, neck.
Dean wasn't finished. "If you don't wanna do any of the work yourself that's fine, just tell me upfront so I don't have to jerk off behind a fucking truck again. Jesus," he muttered, shaking his head and looking away. There was a flush creeping up his throat, though not in arousal this time. Embarrassment, Cas thought, or maybe shame, and the ache inside him grew worse.
He closes his eyes and wracks his brain. The crypts are out. There's another block of them on the south side of the cemetery. Maybe he could try those, though he doesn't have high hopes about finding anything. The other alternative is the forest, but he isn't quite dumb enough to go stomping around there by himself at night. If he were about a decade younger and didn't have any injuries, maybe, but not now.
"You're gonna come in handy," the ghoul says, ignoring his question. Its breath is the only tell that something is off; it's putrid, rank with dead blood. "Thought we'd need to pack up and move along, further North, but you're just what we—"
Confident they were alone, Castiel split away from Dean to cover more ground. Were he in better shape, he could clear the entire building in a matter of moments. A part of him wondered how the damage to his wings would impact his flight. He'd been hurt before, of course, but nothing like this.
"Jesus," Dean muttered into his temple, huffing for breath. He had to redouble his grip on Castiel's back, his skin slick with blood and sweat. "How in the hell—"
Cas' eyebrows crawl up his forehead. His smile is mild, amused, but there's a slight flush to his face. "That's a generous offer," he says evenly, "but your mother is in the room."
"No," Dean said for the fourth time, digging his heels into the broken asphalt as they approached the car. "Cas, listen to me—"
The words hung loudly in the air. Dean's eyes widened, disbelief dissolving into incredulity, which eventually—thankfully, mercifully—dissolved into amusement. His eyes crinkled around the edges, and he let out a hoarse laugh that shook the bed.
"Yes." He swallowed, and turned to place the postcard back in the deck. Dean's hand grabbed his wrist, stopping him.
About forty-five minutes later, he feels the half marshmallow square she gave him finally start to kick in, and he sags into what is probably the most comfortable couch he's ever had the pleasure of sitting on. The chip bowl lies devastated between them as they watch The Dude agonise over the demise of his rug, and discreetly, Dean pulls his phone out and checks it again, re-reading the last message he got from Cas.
He must have fallen asleep, because the sound of the door opening makes him remember that he's alive and has a job he's supposed to be doing. While he lies in bed and comes to terms with those two unfortunate facts, he hears Charlie quietly slip into the motel, speaking to someone.
Dean flattens himself against one of the walls of the crypts, just in case any cops are still around, though he can't see any. His cast itches like crazy, and his arm is starting to really hurt from using it so much. He isn't sure when exactly he turned into such a massive baby, but it probably has to do with all the recent coddling he's had to endure. Subconscious bias, or Pavlov, or whatever it was.
Sam had been swaying in place by the time they got back to the bunker, exhausted and upset. Charlie was in similar shape, though she was still keyed up from the fight—and from Dean. Sam insisted on drawing up the mixture from Samuel Campbell's notebook, but had gratefully acquiesced when Cas offered to spend the night watching over Dean.
"Unbelievable." Cas grabs his duffel and slings it over his shoulder, and something cracks inside Dean's chest. A rib, must be.
Castiel estimated that he had been here anywhere from seventeen to twenty days. He knew Hannah and the other angels were searching for him; he knew Sam and Dean were looking, too. The warding in his cell prevented him from hearing any chatter on angel radio, or more importantly, prayers, but it brought him comfort to imagine them all the same.
"Well, you must want something." Cas frowned at him, and Dean spread his hands in an exasperated gesture. "Dude, you could hang out at the top of Mount Everest if all you wanted was some time to yourself. But you're here, at Bobby's, so it's for a reason."
"Sam suggested buying more couches for the bunker," Cas says, and finally opens his eyes when Dean nudges his arm, holding out the water bottle in offering. He takes it with a thankful nod.
"Yeah, but—" He stands up, and when he confirms he's steady, he walks over to the mini-fridge and pulls out a bottle of water. "That's not how they normally behave. They prefer crypts to the outdoors." He uncaps his water and wracks his brain. "There any reservoirs nearby? Or sewer lines?"
It's nearly four in the morning when Sam finally reports a sighting in his section of the cemetery and tells them all to hightail it his way, and Dean is once again thankful that they aren't doing this as a two-person team.
This hasn't happened to him in a while, but sometimes, when it's really early in the morning and he's coming to terms with a particularly nasty hangover, the TV in the motel room will still be on, humming out some insufferable royalty free music, the kind that plays after whatever movie he rented was over. He'll have dreams about that shitty music, hovering miserably in between sleep and wakefulness, the harsh light of the screen piercing into his eyes, the blankets way too hot and the mothball smell of the sheets worming its way into his nose until it's permanently embedded into his nostrils. And he'll lay there in bed for what feels like hours, neck aching, head pounding, accepting that this is his wretched fate, head full of static and mouth full of sour cotton. The noise and light of the TV is always the worst part, the icing on the cake, and he could shut it off anytime he wants, make reality a little more bearable, but he doesn't. He just lays there, listening to it whistle at him, watching the light flicker across the screen.
Something about this is off. Where did all these skeletons come from? The only grave that was disturbed was Mr. Alice's, and that was only a couple days ago. No missing persons reports, either. It's impossible to tell how many people make up the piles of bones around him, but he's gotta figure at least four or five. Even that number feels like he's low-balling it. So where the hell is he? And why the hell does it sound like there's water nearby?
Instead of finishing his thought, he slumped over, falling heavily on his back beside Castiel. He rubbed at his eyes again, looking like he was struggling. "Yeah," he croaked then, his throat working. "Yeah, it was enjoyable."
Oh man, not a good tone to hear coming out of Cas. Last time he heard that one, they went at each other like feral cats in an alleyway. Or, more accurately, Cas threw him around and screamed about rebellion, and Dean took it like a bitch.
"You are going to debrief me on your decision to disobey Heaven's orders," Jonah said, ignoring him. "When you first decided you would rebel."
"She's upset that you parted ways before she was able to talk to you about it." Cas fiddles with the pages of the journal again. "I think you should call her. She seems worried."
Dean pushed up from the bed, despite Castiel's best efforts to keep him there, and then sat down beside him. "Open myself?"
not the other way around." Dean poked him in the chest with the barrel of his pistol for emphasis. "We're not sitting on the bench for this one. Besides, if it's as bad up there as your friend said, you'll need the backup."
Dean rocked his hips again. The head of his cock brushed Cas' thigh, and he gasped. "How about… you let me come, we figure it out after—"
"Dean." He turned on the bed to better face him, and flinched when their knees brushed. "I'm not telling you this to make you feel guilty."
"I receive no orders from him." His mind churned, trying desperately to come up with something, to locate some plausible outcome that did not result in Dean's death. "Theo, he's useless. Any information you need from me—"
"I can pay for a motel," Jody offers. "I'd let you crash at my place, but… ah, Claire, and everything. She'll know something's up if you're around."
"Do you know of places where vamps aren't hunted?" Charlie asked, arms resting on the back rest of the front bench. "Like where they can just be themselves and don't have to hide?"
The building shook again. The wash basin was gone; Theo was not in the room. Without the window light, it was impossible to tell what time it was. Castiel looked up, and watched the pipe above him shudder from another quake. He couldn't hear what was causing it aside from a low, muffled strike somewhere far above him. It could be thunder, it could be an avalanche. It could be a detonation.
Jonah would drift in and out of his cell at random. It made it difficult to relax, which was the entire point, though he knew this practice, too, had not naturally occurred to Jonah. Someone was instructing him. Castiel knew little of Bartholomew's ranks, except that they were largely fluid. This didn't surprise him. His siblings were easily persuaded when spoken to, flipping loyalties the moment they were given a reason, no matter how petty or inscrutable; as long as someone spoke to them with authority and made a plausible claim to a command post, they would follow.
Dean raps his knuckles on the table to get Cas' attention. "Claire's a stubborn asshole," he assures him, and grins at Cas' surprised expression. "Hey, takes one to know one. She'll mellow out with you, trust me. You know I used to fight with Bobby when I was a kid? Argued about all kinds of stupid shit. Told him to mind his own business, that he didn't get it, that he couldn't tell me what to do, the whole nine yards."
"No, um—" He clears his throat, shutting the dishwasher. "It's fine. We don't need a maid. There's more of us around now anyway, so."
Castiel cleared his throat. "It would likely… kill an angel to repair this amount of damage, but I've already done that." He looked over his shoulder at the bloody incision in his back where his right wing hung, frowning. They had to get going. With a deep breath, he let his hand fall away from Dean's bicep. "This will take me a moment. Close your eyes."
He did. Castiel left a slice of mattress between them when he sat down, falling back into old protocol. He gathered his hands together between his knees, staring at his knuckles.
"I never…." Dean coughed to clear his throat, lips curling at the foul taste in his mouth. "Never said sorry for your nose."
He can hear movement in the kitchen, hushed whispers and the covert clatter of glasses. Jody and Charlie and Claire are all trying to give them space; they're also definitely trying to eavesdrop. May as well put on a show.
Bad decision. His worst in a while, in fact. His head immediately began to pound from the whine of the overhead lights; the sunglasses pulled unpleasantly at the sweat-dried skin around his temples and ears. He could smell people, smell leftover blood in the air. He could hear heartbeats. They weren't appetising smells and sounds, not like they were last night. They were just really fucking annoying now.
Dean pressed him close again, flat to his chest, and began to stand up. Castiel grabbed onto his arm awkwardly, hands still pinned between them and bound with warded iron, and tried to get his feet under him. He hadn't been lying to Dean; he really couldn't move, not the way he needed to. Even aside from the pain, his wings were a burden, more than tripling his weight.
The silence between them is comfortable, and the flip from Cardi B to Bob Seger to Janet Jackson isn't jarring at all. It's not
Castiel was arranging his legs into what was hopefully a semi-comfortable position when he felt Dean attempt another lunge upright. Castiel had a hand pressed to his shoulder to keep him braced on his stomach, which was Dean's new target. His teeth were bared, intent on the exposed skin, and Castiel removed the hand to grab roughly at Dean's jaw instead.
"A few days, perhaps," he said quietly, looking to the carpet as if it would have answers. "The fight was… draining."
"Wanting you was one thing," he says quietly, the words only for Dean. "It was a pleasure I contented myself with, and it was—ah—remarkable enough. It's an affliction very few angels have, and I didn't… I didn't know whether to count myself lucky or cursed for it. But this…." His forehead falls to Dean's, and Cas grabs hold of his shoulder, placing his hand where the burn of his own palm was still branded on Dean's skin. "With you, to be able to… to do this with you…."
"Your jeans, hotshot." Dean gives a pointed look at Cas' belt buckle, but all the amusement dries up when he sees how tented the material of his pants is. Okay, maybe he's not going to die, but he sure as shit is leaving this plane of existence.
Dean sets his own breathing to its rhythm. Maybe he can drown it out with the sound of his own lungs. One way or another he's gonna have to get used to it; Eileen's more or less become their permanent fourth by this point, so joint motel rooms are his new reality for the foreseeable future.
Castiel was used to Dean's impatience, his irreverence and his antagonism. This was not that. The Mark had done well to latch onto Dean's temper, twisting it, stripping it of mercy or compassion. And now with the vampirism setting in….
He gave Dean a look, and he finally grew serious. "I'm good, Cas. Better, even. You're back in one piece, more or less, and you slept in my bed last night, so…." His mouth twitched, like he wasn't sure whether he wanted to smile or not. "So, I'm good."
"You've been treated mercifully here," Theo began. He stalked the length of the cell, too, though his gait was practiced, calm. "And we have received very little in return for such kindness."
"Well, you're an impressive man," Mary says, taking a thoughtful drag of his cigarette. It's getting down to the nub now, enough that he can feel the heat on his fingers when he holds the filter.
Dean had been unsure of what to expect—a nightmare scenario of steep stairs, impossibly tight corners, and dented dressers, probably—but it turns out the building has a freight elevator for this exact thing. Claire and Alex abuse the passenger elevator in the lobby to haul up boxes while he and Cas deal with the heavyweight shit. Jody, self-designated moving expert on account of the fact that she's the only person between the five of them who's ever actually moved into a place the old fashioned way, helpfully supervises, mostly in the form of telling them they're doing it wrong. It's a good distraction from having to watch Cas effortlessly lift hundreds of pounds of furniture with him for hours on end.
Dean clears his throat, suddenly aware of how silent the room is. "Jody already gave me a lot of shit," he preempts, offering her an olive branch of a smile.
Cas' smile is old, the kind of old that existed before stars were made, and Dean just so happens to be in the same stitch of spacetime to bear witness to it. "Nothing involving you is easy, Dean," he says adoringly. "But I wouldn't be here if it was."
go wrong he can be satisfied in the knowledge that this time it isn't his fault. It's exhausting, but if this keeps the peace, then hey. Small price to pay.
Cas kisses him again, like he has a point that needs proving. And as much as Dean enjoys laying back and listening to Cas lament about how badly he wants him, there's something particularly gratifying about the fact that Cas can't be bothered to carry on a conversation if making out is on the table.
"In a minute," Sam said soothingly to his brother, shoving his pistol in the waistband of his jeans. The beam of the flashlight danced across the floor with the movement.
He stared again now, unburdened by the responsibility of keeping death at bay. The Mark still weighed on them—still sat as a malevolent force lurking in the dark, waiting to destroy what was most precious to him—but for now, right now, his only concern was keeping Dean hydrated and comfortable. Encouraged by such freedom, his eyes traced the line of Dean's jaw, peppered with stubble; the arch of his brow, freckles hidden beneath the delicate hair of his eyebrows; the golden sweep of his lashes across his cheekbones; the sharp zigzag of his hairline, carefully manicured; the exquisite plush of his mouth, pale from illness but still just as full and round as it always was.
"Yeah, I am." She pauses to smoke, and the end of it flares red. With a faraway look on her face, Mary studies the cigarette. "My dad used to smoke cigars, you know. I never liked them, but my mom, she'd buy these cigarillos. Champagne flavoured, according to the label. They never tasted anything like champagne, but they were really good."
He was left alone for three days. The water in the basin was soured, too unclean to be of use. Castiel went back to watching the dust hang in the sunlight and counting the flecks on his buttons. His shirt wouldn't last him much longer, he thought. It hung off him in tatters, filthy with blood. Some of the fabric was embedded in the cuts Jonah had drawn across his body, and one of them was festering. He needed someone to come repair him. He needed Jonah to come back.
He knew what his brother was working up to; a talk about how Dean could be inelegant with people. Not intentionally, no, he knows it's not on purpose or anything, but it can sometimes put people off, you know? Especially when they have a lot on their plate, or maybe aren't familiar with that sort of teasing, which Cas definitely wasn't.
The room itself isn't that big, either—maybe ten by eight feet. The ceiling looks too low for him to stand under without ducking, and there's a single entrance in the far corner of the room. There's no door; it leads into complete darkness.
"You asked for us to come here," Dean reminded him sharply, careful not to raise his voice. He didn't want Sam to overhear and think he was right. "You could have gone anywhere, just like last time. But you didn't."
Cas leans back and slides the basket closer in one easy motion, carefully picking out another pair to ball up. "If you recall, you asked me to help you," he says, like he's completely unaware of how impressive the movement is. Dean can't do that without his back aching.
"You have to transcribe the text and then send it to me," Cas is saying to Sam. "Direct photographs don't work. I know. Yes."
Cas slips his hands into his pockets as he studies Dean. He's wearing those nice fitted tan trousers, the ones that make him look like a professor when he wears a quarter zip with it. It's too hot for sweaters right now, though, so instead he's got on a dark blue long-sleeve shirt pushed unevenly up to his elbows. God, Dean's missed him something awful, and now there's a chasm between them, yawning impossibly wide across every inch of floor space of Jody's living room.
Dean blew out a breath. "Okay," he muttered. "No bars, no talking. We can go into the garage and shoot rats."
"Eileen and Mary have gone to sweep the warehouse one last time, and Sam is getting food," Cas tells him. "You need to rest. I'll wake you in a few hours for your next dose."
This has gotta be the best one, right? Dean hands scramble for purchase, grabbing onto any part of Cas he can find. The other times he slept with Cas were good—
"Glad to see you in one piece, man." Sam grabbed his arm, as if to confirm he was indeed real, and looked to Dean. "Where'd you find him?"
She reaches over and squeezes his arm, above his cast, and then his hospital room door opens. Claire comes in, followed by Charlie, and Dean shrinks back into his pillows.
"Say it a little louder next time," Dean hisses, glancing around surreptitiously. No one's paying attention to them, thank god. "And no, dude, I'm not. I'm just—Rowena? Really?"
and he's still not entirely sure this isn't some fever dream, because no way in hell does he deserve any of this.
"This is not either or," he said impatiently. "I'm trying to—to balance my affairs on Earth with the task of retaking Heaven."
Jody looks confused about whether or not that was a joke when the sliding door opens and Claire pokes her head out. "Lunch is here," she announces, and then looks at Dean with an alarmed frown. "What's going on?"
"No," he says, just to be annoying, and rubs at his eyes. "How'd the cemetery walk go? Where's Jody?"
Castiel committed to memory this conversation, this room and this moment. He was careful to preserve the bizarre and confounding way Dean spoke, the way his skin looked in the low lamp light, the way his hair was tousled from the pillow, the way the blanket settled on his calves and thighs as it puddled around his waist. An unfathomable grief welled within him, like blood pearling at the edge of a wound. He didn't know when he would be able to see Dean Winchester again, and so the memory of this moment would have to be enough.
"There is only one devil," he reasoned, trying for a light tone. He wasn't sure if it worked or not. "And I'm not him."
He can hear and feel Cas' body thrumming above, around, inside him. The ragged beat of his heart slowly coming down from its high; the uneven pace of his breathing levelling out. Dean can already feel his eyes drooping, spent beyond recognition, but he has to square a few things away first.
Jonah was excited when he entered the cell that evening. The first thing he did was slide the window closed; the second thing he did was break Castiel's left tibia.
"Yeah," Sam breathed, nodding. "I get you, Cas. I've thought about it before, anyway. The whole—" He took a hand off the wheel to gesture at the air, as if grasping for something. "Monster… thing. I dunno. It's a lot."
The ghoul's hand is still on his chin, and jostles him when he doesn't answer. "Oh, yes, that's right. I know already."
"Sure, yeah, whatever," Dean mutters petulantly, and Cas heaves a sigh as he opens the door and shoulders roughly into the hallway. He doesn't close it behind him, presumably because he's expecting Dean to follow. The only act of rebellion available to him right now is to do the opposite of that, so Dean stands at the foot of his bed, alone in his room, dick still tenting his jeans, and feels all kinds of used up.
Three more check-ins go by without fanfare. Dean tucks the shaft of the shovel under his arm so he can shove his hands into his jacket pockets as he continues his next circuit, clenching his fingers into fists, hoping to regain some semblance of feeling in them. He wants a cigarette, he wants this job to be over, he wants his own bed—and not the shitty mattress in their motel room, either. He wants his own bed, back in Kansas, safe and sound.
He offered Cas an uneven smile, as if nothing had changed, and they were simply discussing the weather. His tone was not quite casual when he spoke. "Don't be a stranger, Sally."
"My whole thing?" Charlie repeats, grinning. There's a moment of indecision on her face, but then her cheeks flush, and there's a sudden sparkle in her eye, so he's safe for now. "Yeah, we're on our fourth date now."
He suspects the next swig Charlie takes is to prevent herself from laughing at him. "So you guys just stare at each other while you do housework instead of having sex like normal people?"
Dean uses the excuse of watching the road to avoid looking at him, though there isn't much traffic on the interstate right now. "I dunno, pick."
The selection turns out to be garbage, which is a strike against the motel, even with the view. Aside from porn, the closest thing to a mood-appropriate movie is The Matrix, which is technically a romance movie in the same way that Subway tuna is fish.
"I can, um, I can help you, if you're ever—if you feel like you're losing touch with reality, or whatever. You can talk to me about it."
The hand Cas still has in Dean's hair tightens painfully, and a shuddering breath leaves his mouth. "Dean," he says, maybe in warning, maybe in encouragement.
Whatever they injected him with was still in his system, clinging to his blood, making it drag through his veins. Every part of him is heavy, so he plans out his movements, focusing all his energy on one limb at a time. First, flatten his legs on the ground; then, roll his shoulders so he's on his back instead of his side. His arms lay bound together on his stomach, and Dean moves his head until he can see the lantern light again.
The War Room's deadly quiet for about thirty seconds too long to be comfortable. Charlie shoots him a glance that tells him they're going to be playing twenty questions in a minute if he doesn't say something, so Dean clears his throat and grins at her.
He wasn't sure how long they kissed. It was irresponsible of him to disregard every other aspect of reality in favour of this, including the flow of time, but Dean's mouth was soft and his body was warm and he was
He already gave Cas the talk about how it's impolite to state the obvious, and he doesn't see much benefit in repeating himself. Dean sighs. "Yeah, I'm—I'm fine, Cas. It's fine. How do you feel about Eileen moving in?"
Dean shifted on the bed, pressing closer. A few of the cards had caught in lap, and they wobbled to the floor with the movement. Castiel pulled away just enough to say, "your postcards—"
Dean studied the postcard again, ducking his head with renewed interest. His fingers traced the crumbling archways, and his face was so close to Castiel's that if he turned his head, his nose would brush Dean's ear.
"Where's your brother these days?" she asks, taking a sip of her beer. "I'm not used to seeing you two apart. You said he was working a case?"
the—" Castiel clenched his jaw, trying to control his temper. That, too, was frayed. Every piece of him felt raw and jagged. "I need you to trust me, Hannah. Please."
Cas fucks with the curtains while Dean shrugs out of his coat and kicks off his boots. He's covered in the kind of itchy sweat you get under too many layers of clothes, and the chill in the room immediately creeps in as he strips down. Through the thin walls, he can just make out Sam and Eileen talking, though it's impossible to know what they're saying. He ignores the weird twinge in his chest it gives him.
When Dean pulled back, he wiped at his face. "I coulda done this years ago," he whispered, and the regret and self-hatred in his voice disturbed the lovely flush on his cheeks.
All parties are in agreement that sleeping the rest of the day away is the best course of action. They fork out enough cash to cover their rooms for ten more hours, then trudge towards the sweet relief of their beds. Guns can be cleaned later, and showers can be taken once they're not all suffering from sleep deprivation.
Their conversation continued to circle itself, going nowhere. Castiel wanted to ask Jonah what exactly his orders were if this was an acceptable topic for interrogation, but he didn't want to make him paranoid. Jonah was his most likely path out of here; he needed to earn his brother's trust. At the very least, he had to secure his intrigue. The curiosity was already planted, but it was stubborn, rigid. It was a frame of mind Castiel had once found himself ensnared in, though he was so far from it now that it was difficult to remember what it felt like.
"We don't. Or, they don't." He clears his throat. "But the king at the time was very much convinced we needed to dine at his table—to consume the bread of kings, in his words. It was required to conduct our affairs on Earth, so I put up with it."
Cas pulls them to a stop by a massive trellis that's covered in even more hanging plants. Dean looks down the impressive wall of flowers, reminded of Charlie's comment about making amends. He needs to come back here without Cas and buy him some. Dean will have to figure out how to keep the flowers alive long enough that they actually bloom and he can pick them, but still.
"Yeah, well, follow it. Take a break. Get healthy. The world's not ending, and you're not invincible. Neither are any of us."
In the middle of the floor stood Hannah, bloodied and wounded. Oren was beside her, and at their feet lay Theo, bound and gagged. His hands twitched.
Somewhere far away, he hears Mary laugh. She comes into view beside the bed—apparently she can teleport, too—and smiles down at him. "It's okay," she assures him, and then glances at Cas. "Maybe we should stay here for a couple days. I don't know if he can handle any more car rides."
"I won't intrude," Cas assured them. When he offered nothing else, Dean stood up and shrugged his jacket back on.
"Hello," Cas says, confused, and Dean kisses him because it's too much, but he pulls back almost immediately, resists. This is important.
being called upon—he could hear the cries of his siblings, asking for guidance, for fresh orders, for deliverance from the burden of freedom. Castiel did not know what to tell them. A purging of his ranks would be required when he returned to the barracks, to reveal all those who had turned against him. He would have to destroy more of his own siblings, and threaten the men still loyal to him with brutal punishment should they even consider betraying him.
Jonah watched him squirm on the floor, clutching at his leg, smiling viciously. "You moved against Raphael."
"And?" He watches her go over to one of the cupboards and pull out a bag of chips, then starts searching for a bowl.
The sun was just starting to show itself when he pulled into Bobby's place. Sam had woken up about an hour ago, still in the back seat, asking questions Dean didn't have answers to. He didn't know what had happened; he didn't know if Cas was alright. He didn't even know if he was alive, though he kept that to himself.
Her face changes. It hardens, darkening into something foul, and the flood of regret he feels is about fifteen seconds too late. It's always too late.
"Yes." He hung onto Oren, trying to will away the nausea climbing up his throat. He was rapidly becoming sympathetic to Dean's dislike of being ferried around by angels—being a passenger was deeply unpleasant. "Thank you."
"Not even that. I'd be just as horrified if it were a regular guy. Moving in together at eighteen…." She shakes her head, eyes growing distant. "It's not easy."
"Well," she sighs, bag slung over her shoulder, hand wrapped around the doorknob. "Can't wait to never do that again."
"The Netflix and chill approach," Charlie says approvingly from the fridge, closing it and coming back to the counter with a fresh beer. "Okay. Anything else?"
"Dean," he said again softly. His sunglasses were folded up on the floor beside him. "How are you feeling?"
"That's not going to happen," he repeats, doing his best to stay calm. "We'll be back in Lebanon by tomorrow."
"Otherwise what?" it comes out sharp, and he doesn't mean it to, he almost never means it to, but it does, it always fucking does.
"I'll be fine," Castiel assured him. The answering smile Sam gave him was distant, and the rest of the drive was quiet.
That seemed to calm whatever bug was flying around Sam's brain about it, because he nodded and left the room, closing the door behind him.
"Good. Yeah. We'll get you fixed up, Sam." He patted his brother's shoulder, sitting down heavily on the floor. He attempted to wipe his hands on his shirt before remembering it was already soaked through with his own blood, and then let them fall limply into his lap. His gun lay beside him on the ground, forgotten for the moment. His eyes did not leave his brother's face.
"Fuck," Dean muttered, more to himself than Castiel, and sank back down onto the floor. "Cas. You have to get up—"
"I'll wake you," Castiel had assured him. Satisfied, Sam had stumbled towards the sleeping quarters with Charlie, mumbling a vague thank you before departing.
"Glass houses, Dean." She pauses, reaching for the bottle of polish on the coffee table and dipping the brush in. "Lots of guys paint their nails, you know."
"No tie," Dean murmured, licking his lips, eyes dancing across Castiel's collar, down the line of buttons on his shirt. Even his mouth was pale, drained of colour, but the blood on his tongue left a faint, pink smear on his upper lip.
Sam was quiet as he worked, breathing short and shallow. He began to relax as muscle and fat and blood were collected back into their rightful place, and Castiel closed his eyes to concentrate. He felt sweat prickle his vessel's brow, and the nausea that struck him was powerful. Dean was silent beside them.
After another check-in—one he doesn't miss this time—Dean spots Eileen at the northern edge of his route, about a hundred feet away slightly uphill, and waves to her. She waves back at him, then hangs her head back in an exaggerated display of boredom. Haloed by the moonlight, her breath billows upwards with an explosive sigh, and he makes sure she can see his answering laugh. He wants to go over there and complain about it more with her, because apparently bitching over the radio is a no-no, but he behaves himself and keeps to his route.
"Not with yourself," Cas says sharply, fixing him with a significant look, and Dean can breathe again. "Not when it comes to your own safety."
"With Eileen, yeah," he says, surveying the letters that are left over. "They're wrapped around each other's… everything."
"That's fine, thank you," Cas said quietly, hand coming up to touch a gouge in the doorframe to Bobby's office.
The Impala was nowhere to be seen in the lot. Castiel moved forward, expanding his Grace and locating Sam within the northern side of the warehouse. The distance annoyed him; the imprecision was concerning.
"No way." Dean takes his hand off the wheel and bites at the ragged cuticle on his thumb until blood beads at the skin. He wiggles it in Cas' direction without taking his eyes off the road. "This hangnail I just ripped."
If she's at all mad about it, she doesn't say anything. Instead Claire gives him an unimpressed once-over, brow arching. "You look like shit."
Jody glares at him again, and he quiets down. "But it was clearly a mistake to call you for this case."
"You've been busy," Dean comments, letting the hatch fall closed and stepping onto the gravel. His leg burns from the climb, but at least he's not dizzy or out of breath.
"Be quiet." He brought up his own blade and pressed the tip of it to Dean's throat, making him go still.
"About, you know, what's been going on." Dean shifts, suppressing a wince at the burning in his leg. It's stupid, because his broken arm and concussion are a lot more severe, but the stitches in his calf are the ones that hurt like a motherfucker.
Dean was speaking, he registered too late, and forced himself from his thoughts. "… know how to describe it," Dean said, and smiled up at him. The expression was shaky—not because it was insincere, but because he still seemed to be processing what had happened.
he wanted to tell Theo, but Theo was not interested in hearing what Castiel had to say. The purpose of Theo's visits to his cell was singular—he broke bones, and then he left. Castiel's right wing was in such poor condition that it had lost even the suggestion of its original shape.
Dean's fingers wrapped around his wrist. "Okay. Yeah. Actually, um—" His throat worked again. "Do you want to, um, do you wanna watch a movie?"
His hand curled in Cas' hair, nails scratching at his scalp. He knew Cas liked that, and felt him shiver and whine into his mouth. He ducked his head and pressed messy kisses into his throat, feeling his pulse beat raggedly against his lips. He swept a hand, gentle and featherlight, over the rough stitches in Cas' side. He filled his thoughts and breath and nose and mouth with Cas, thought about the noise he'd made when he came in Dean's hand, thought about how all the tension had slumped out of him, how much that had felt like a triumph, to make Cas fucking
"I know," Charlie muttered, her words coming out mumbled from the propped up fist pressing into her cheek. "This shit is boring. And it sucks to read."
That comment made Jonah's head swivel in Castiel's direction, so he kept talking. "He is petty," he told Jonah. "And vain. He dislikes being sneered at, and feels persecuted by many of his siblings. That might be reason enough."
"I said not yet." He slips a third finger in, and Dean can feel the burn now. He's shaking beneath him, breath coming out in gasps. Cas is barely even doing anything, just working him open. When Dean arches up again, running the head of his dick against Cas' stomach, Cas' free hand comes off the bed and presses down on Dean's hip, bearing his full weight, keeping him firmly in place.
"I'm sure they look great," Dean said with a groan, shoving up with a fist on the bed and rolling his shoulders. His hand went to the back of his neck, rubbing at it. "Ugh. Neck is killing me."
Castiel stood up, dusting off the knees of his pants. "Vampirism isn't a disease. It's not like a wound, or cancer, or—" He cut himself short, seeing Sam gearing up to interrupt him. He sighed. "It's more complicated than that."
"It is less heretical than the idea of angels giving themselves their own orders," Jonah told him, undeterred. "It makes sense. The Michael Sword is powerful enough to hold an archangel, and it has existed in close proximity to the Lucifer Sword for the duration of its life cycle. Your time spent on Earth has been in service to them both, despite their failures as vessels. They are the origin of your disobedience; they must be powerful enough to command an angel."
Vaguely, belatedly registering what Cas had been getting at with their conversation, Dean pressed a hand to his shoulder so that he rolled onto his back, and Dean moved above him. Mustering whatever scraps of resolve he had left, he focused on Cas again—on the way he panted into Dean's mouth, how he arched up into every brush of contact, how he seemed so easily overwhelmed by the simplest touch. Dean was hard enough that he could probably get off to Cas' reactions alone, but he didn't think about that, either. What rang in his head, over and over, made his throat tighten and his heart pound.
He digs out his wallet and flips through it, trying to remember if he's carrying any plastic with his real name on it. His actual license is in the glovebox of the Impala, but maybe—ah ha. Dean grabs his gun license and hands that off to the cop, who squints down at it critically. After a long moment, just long enough to make Dean antsy, he grunts and hands it back.
He frowns. Cas is talking to him. He looks down at his chest and sees that he has a hand wrapped around Cas' wrist. That's new. Then he realises that he's saying something. He needs to pay better attention.
"Bring your hypothesis to Bartholomew," Castiel suggested. He'd counted sixty-seven flecks so far. Sixty-eight, now. "See how the other angels respond to you."
Sam's flashlight preceded his voice, slicing through the gloom and pointing directly in Castiel's face. "Hey!" Sam barked, pistol sat atop the stock of his flashlight. His reflexes and trigger discipline were good enough that Castiel didn't have to disarm him—or endure the misfortune of a bullet wound—but the alarm was clear in Sam's voice. "Woah. Jesus, Cas." The flashlight dipped, leaving white spots in Castiel's vision, and he blinked them away as Sam's sweaty, pinched expression came into view. He glanced down at the crumpled door on the ground, incredulous. "Could you be any louder?"
"I am losing," Cas reported, detached and clinical. Dean could almost hear the grief in his words. "Whole garrisons are dead; others are flipping their loyalties." He paused to frown at the ground. "It is… difficult to describe the magnitude of what's happening."
"Cas?" Dean's fingers brushed the hand Castiel still on his arm, staring at him expectantly. Right. He had asked a question.
Dean finishes his whisky, exhaling with a slight cough as it singes the inside of his throat. Maybe what he
"I know." He dragged a hand down his face. "I know. But—I can't stop thinking about it, man. What you looked like when I found you…."
"They get together, by the way, at the end of the movie," Dean said abruptly, nodding to the TV. "Probably won't be able to finish it for a while, and I don't wanna keep you in suspense."
He feels Cas touch his hair again, like he can't help himself, and all coherent thought goes out the window.
There was another knock on the door, interrupting them, and Sam looked up. Castiel could feel Dean on the other side.
"Separately." Charlie looks at her beer like she's hoping to find the number of someone less insane that she can speak to. Christ, she hasn't even been here for twelve hours. He's going to die. "So," she hums finally, "you want to have sex. Cas, I'm assuming, also wants to have sex, if he's doing all this supposed staring. And you didn't have a fight that would stop you from having sex. But you aren't having sex."
He raises a brow at Dean's pathetic attempt to change the subject, but he doesn't press the issue. "I have no objections. Eileen is a very funny and kind person, and she makes Sam happy."
"Take Dean and Sam back to the bunker," he added, eyes flicking over to them. "I'll debrief with you at the command centre."
Dean's voice was hushed. His fingers continued to trace along the incision marks on Castiel's back, smoothing them over with a reverence that made warmth bloom beneath his ribs.
But that's always how it is, isn't it? Dean Winchester under a microscope never looks good. He's best viewed from afar, like one of those ugly-ass paintings in the Louvre. Maybe he should start putting out those velvet rope guards to warn people.
"I don't think he was." Her gaze was hard and implacable, and Castiel knew he could not be the first one to look away. "And even if that were the case… you were tortured for six weeks. You shouldn't have—you
Cas moves so fast he doesn't realise what's happening at first. Dean gets shoved back down onto the mattress, and Cas is on top of him before he can blink. He's got a knee between Dean's thighs, the thick columns of his arms boxing him in from either side, trapping him completely, and the kiss he presses to Dean's mouth is searing.
He's an idiot. He's not supposed to be here. He's not even supposed to be in South Dakota, for fuck's sake. He's supposed to be back in Kansas, waiting for Cas to come home. He was less than twenty four hours away from being in bed with the guy he should've been sleeping with for months by this point, and instead he's here, in this stupid cemetery all by himself, because nobody on Earth is taking this shit seriously, and there's a mountain of work to still do, and Sam isn't even here with him to help get it done. It's like everyone else got the memo, and his got lost in the mail.
"Thank you," Cas says, watching him intently as Dean tucks into his breakfast. His gaze is heavy, like usual, but pleasant, the kind of warm that compromises the integrity of Dean's knees. Good thing he's sitting down.
Castiel listened to them carry on their conversation. He understood very little of it, but he was content nonetheless. It was nice to watch his friends talk animatedly about something of no consequence, to not have a topic burden the very air they breathed with its importance. He couldn't remember the last time he'd had the pleasure of a meaningless conversation, and so he lived vicariously through them.
plays on a vicious loop in his head as the movie progresses. Dean knows how to ask for sex. He'd even argue that he's pretty good at doing exactly that. But the words lodge in his throat, like they always do with Cas. Instead of just asking to have sex like a normal person, he puts on a movie. Instead of saying
"We're almost done," his brother interrupted, face grim. Any lingering humour at watching Dean be shoved into the trunk had vanished. He handed Cas another zip tie.
It hurts so much to move. The screaming isn't human, or not quite, anyway. There's something off in the pitch and tenor of it, released from the depths of an organ that is not a lung. It bounces off the concrete, the dirt and the gravel, drawing ever closer, and Dean still can't find it in himself to move.
They got busy again real fast. A batch of angry cadavers roaming university basements in Minnesota took a week to put down; a vampire in Laramie, Wyoming took another. They stayed in the Midwest as much as they could, close to Bobby's, which turned out to not be that difficult. Whatever brief respite from supernatural events they'd had was gone now, and looking at the wad of folded up newspaper clippings Sam carried around in his wallet, it didn't look like they'd get another anytime soon.
"Dean—" Tears filled his eyes. Falling from Heaven had been cruel; this was something else entirely. "You can't—you can't do this, not now, not—"
Cas sets the travel bag down with more force than necessary. The bed shakes a little. "No," he says flatly, "you can't. Not with a broken arm, not with a concussion."
"Can I ask what you're doing out here, sir?" The beam lowers, and after Dean blinks the white spots from his eyes, he sees one of the beat cops staring down at him. Fuck. At least he hasn't pulled the machete out. That would be awkward.
One by one, he gets to work. The locks are fairly simple to pick, though he'd appreciate it if they weren't so low to the ground. The stone steps are unforgiving on his knees.
"Right," Cas mutters, like he forgot he was wearing them, and then leans away from the bed as his hands fall to his belt.
boyfriend is two states over waving a machete around in a graveyard, and probably also dead, because you have a fucking
"Dean." Cas shifts again. Their arms part, but only because Cas turns towards him, and the brush of their knees is not, strictly speaking, accidental.
"Not funny," he says hurriedly, mentally kicking himself. Really awesome romantic conversation starter. "I mean like—you have the table manners of, like, Rose."
Abruptly, Tessa's head snapped towards the door, and she held up a finger to stall whatever pithy reply Dean was surely offering her. Castiel followed her gaze. He couldn't sense anything.
"That's a good idea," he said, swelling with relief. He could move forward with a plan. It made him feel ready. "Thank you, Sam."
Dean comes to the brave decision to sit there and do nothing just as someone ducks into the room. He sees Claire, backlit by the shitty electric lantern, a machete hanging by her side sticky with blood.
"Does it look like I can do anything with any degree of precision right now?" he snapped, gesturing to the books on the floor.
"Cas," he rasps back, sliding his arms up around his back, pressing his palms flat to his shoulder blades, trying to touch all of him at once.
"Leave," he responded, the chords coming through clearly now. Castiel wiped at his mouth with the back of his hand. "Before I kill you."
"If I'd seduced, like, an angelic scribe or something," Dean begins, and smiles when he feels Cas freeze. "Instead of a soldier. You think they'd be writing me sonnets right now?"
Chatter in the room, too much and too fast to follow. He hears Eileen and Mary talking—they're discussing the case. He feels a spike of pride at having figured that out. Business first.
Castiel was careful when he spoke. "He gave it to me," he told her. "Theo—began to extract my Grace physically from my body. It was not something Jonah could mend on his own."
Dean smooths his hands up Cas' thighs and weighs his options. The saint in him wants to blow him right here, right now, until Cas is wrung fucking dry, until he can't see straight, because it's nothing less than he deserves. But Dean is going to burst something important if he doesn't get fucked in the next five minutes, and he's still shaking with how bad he wants Cas to drive him into the mattress. He resolves this conundrum by bracketing his dick with his hand, grabbing the base of him to test how he responds.
Pain rocketed along the broken column of his wing when Dean nudged it with a hand. Castiel couldn't stop the strangled cry that escaped him, and Dean immediately pulled his hand away.
"Uh, yeah." Dean clears his throat, and sits up a little. It tugs at their hands, but Cas doesn't move—he's not leaning into it, is he?—so Dean has to man up and actually properly extricate them. He shoves his hands into his jacket pockets, except he's not wearing a jacket so they just knock against his ribs. "I'm—that's, I hope it helped. I got, uh—" He twists around, searching desperately for a place to look that isn't Cas—the voltaren isn't in his room, it's in the bathroom with all his other shit—and he stares at his wall for a weird amount of time. "It's in the—um."
the tried-and-true Winchester avoidance method, passed down from father to son, hasn't let him down before, and it sure as fuck won't now.
"Cas and I can stay for that, too, if you want." He uses the condensation on his bottle to wipe at a smudge by his wrist. "Not like we got anything else going on."
He glances at Claire and Jody. He's not sure what for—support, maybe, or solace. Whatever it is, he doesn't find it.
"Dean." She holds out her hand, waving impatiently, and he hands her his empty with a frown. She sets it down on the ground by the door and then opens her arms, shaking her head at his groan. "No. Come on."
were, historically speaking, two very large spheres of his life kept firmly apart in his mind, never the twain shall meet. Putting the both of them in the same train of thought is still a novel enough concept that it makes his insides gooey, in both the chick flick sense and the anxiety-shits sense.
The first strike is impossibly fast. On instinct, he brings his forearm up to block the hit. The cast on his arm takes the brunt of the blow, and pain explodes up the length of his mending bone, making his arm go slack. He's not fast enough to catch the second strike to his stomach, nor the third that sweeps his feet out from under him. It knocks the wind out of him, and then there's a beam of light in his face again, blinding him.
"Okay," Charlie hums again, in a way that tells him she's filing something away for later, and a bolt of terror courses through him. "So, not that. What is it, then? It sounds like you guys are doing pretty good. What about the fight you just had? What happened?"
"Go away," he croaked, wiping the back of his hand over his mouth. He pressed his face into the towel Castiel had folded up as a pillow for him, breathing shallowly. "I'm fine."
Dean woke up in his bed. It was a significant upgrade from a towel on the bathroom floor, though he didn't remember how he got here.
"Yeah, I do." She gives him a scathing once-over as she kicks the fridge closed. "I'm not drinking your old man beer."
Cas retreats from the library, spoiling his fun, and Dean is too comfortable sitting in his seat to follow. In fact, he's kinda tired, and the lamp in the corner is pissing him off with how bright it is, so he pillows his head on his good arm and plays heads-up-7-up with himself while he waits for Cas to come back.
Her gaze dropped to Jonah's blade. He could see the recognition in her eyes as they swept the length of the steel. "Where is he now?"
Just as Bobby said, there was Cas, laid out on the couch. He was on his back, hand clenched around a cloth pressed into his side. He'd bled through his shirt, and crimson stained the inside of his trench coat. Cas was very still, though his chest still moved occasionally to draw in breath.
"Not exactly," Castiel said vaguely. He knew how little Dean wanted to share this with his brother, and he wouldn't betray that. But he also knew how poor of a liar he was, so he tread carefully. "He didn't do anything to push me away. I was called upon by my lieutenant mid… conversation, and I could not delay. It seems to have upset him a great deal."
"Sorry to hear that," Sam replied just as softly, mouth twisting in sympathy. "Is there anything we can do?"
"Excellent question," Castiel replied wearily. The stone wall behind him was just out of reach. He wanted badly to lean against it. When he daydreamed, he dreamt of crossing his arms over his chest.
"You have to get up," Dean told him softly, dipping his head again, resting his forehead against Castiel's. He held him gently, like he was fragile, like Dean was the one who was made of marble and gold.
"It means you're the best," Dean informs him. Cas smiles, face flushing, and places a kiss over the tattoo on Dean's chest.
Dean let out a huff at that. "Jesus. Yeah, I did." He glanced down at Cas, meeting his eyes. The only light in the room came from the lamp Sam had turned on by the door, and it cast Dean's features in shadow. "Wow."
"You do that," Cas says with narrowed eyes, and it's the first time there's any real bite to his words. Dean flinches at the razor edge in his tone, and watches as Cas turns away from him, walking to the kitchen, and leaves him completely alone in the living room.
"It's agonising!" Jonah gestured around the room. "It takes ages to simply catalogue the molecular content of this room. Human beings have only five senses, and none of them work correctly. I'm not even supposed to be
Dean rubbed a finger across his forehead, smoothing at the furrows there. "I'm not—" He cut himself off with a sigh. "I'm not. It doesn't matter."
Cas gives him a fond look. "And you're very high." He reaches for the nightstand, grabbing a prescription bottle off of it. He frowns at the label, then turns to look back at Sam. "Is this a high dose of morphine?"
Castiel watched him patiently. "I would like to resolve whatever resentment you feel. But I need you to tell me what that is."
"I mean you already know she's out of your league." Dean pinches the corners of his towel together, frowning at the already-ratty edges of the fabric. Why the hell are towels so expensive? And why the hell do they rip so goddamn easy? "Don't have to tell you twice."
"Dean—" Cas closed his eyes, and his throat worked. He looked like he was working through something. He didn't pull away.
Cas' mouth twitches, only further tempting him, but thankfully he behaves himself. "My apologies. Continue."
To his surprise, Jonah humoured his request for the window to be opened. It was only for a few hours, and Castiel was not allowed to touch any of the bars bracketed in the frame, but he didn't mind. He sat leaned against the southern wall, towards the southwest corner where the window hung, and watched a slice of the world move overhead.
"I'm talking about you, too, you know," she says gently, and he looks at her. "Charity starts at home, ever heard of that?"
That's a stellar suggestion, so he takes Cas up on it, sitting down heavily in the nearest available chair. His head is spinning again, so he keeps his eyes shut, but he can hear Cas moving around the room, turning off a few of the lamps.
Castiel studied him in amusement. Yet another wrinkle—he had yet to meet an angel who enjoyed using a cellphone, and Oren was no exception.
"This change your mind?" He glances around the lot. The complex is small, and at this time of day, the only thing in it is parked cars. Dean scoots a little closer, relishing the body heat that comes off of Cas, missing his jacket but hungry for the alternative. The gentle rain gives Cas' warmth an addictive, humid quality to it, dampening the smell of dust and sweat with petrichor.
The ghoul finally lets go of him, and Dean begins to list sideways, sliding towards the floor, and registers only a very dull pain in his leg as he passes out.
Dean hummed in agreement. He hoped they could spare a few days off, too. He'd fucked his shoulder up digging up graves in Western Montana, and sleeping in his car wasn't doing him any favours. Maybe that was why Bobby was so goddamn pissy all the time. Maybe when he was Bobby's age he'd have a lot more than a shitty joint or two to contend with. He hoped he never got that old.
"Jonah." Castiel forced himself to stand properly, collecting his feet beneath him. "You must revive Dean."
One of Dean's boots wedged itself into a pothole. It brought them up short, Castiel bumping into Dean's back, and Dean made a last ditch effort to escape by slamming his head backwards into Castiel's nose. His vision blurred instantly from tears, and the bridge of his nose cracked painfully from the impact. He grit his teeth, feeling blood already wetting his upper lip.
She laughs again. They watch the trucks blow past on the freeway, passing the cigarette back and forth. Someone walks past them along the motel's sidewalk, shoulders hunched like they're hiding from the rain. The cement glitters faintly under the harsh neon lights in the office window, dewed from the humidity. All things he's seen a thousand times before. It's weird that he feels out of place.
"No, and no." He looked over Sam's shoulder at Bobby, his staring more severe than usual. His head inclined, the threat clear;
"But we can keep your body from dying." He heard Sam move behind him, heading for the pack in the kitchen.
"A photograph of Enochian sigilwork," Cas tells him, and angles his phone in Dean's direction so he can look at it properly. He's impressed Cas can make out even that much; random streaks of bright, white light smear across the screen, as if there's a miniature lightning storm in whatever room they're in. The centre of the photo is a deep yellow colour, distorted and curled in on itself, and Dean looks away from it. Even seeing it out of his periphery gives him a headache.
"You were in Hell before I showed up," Cas reminded him sharply, and Dean went still, jaw shifting. "And saving your life afterwards required open rebellion. I do not regret the decisions I've made in serving you. But I am telling you that—" He took a deep breath. "That angels do not interfere in the lives of humans for a reason. We grow attached."
A cry rips out of his throat as his arm is jostled. Definitely broken. He tries to remember what happened, but then his arm is moved again and his vision whites out.
He can't believe it. He can't fucking believe it. He's even dumber than he thought he was, and that's saying something. The train that's been barreling into the inside of his skull suddenly screeches to a halt, morphing into something that is icily coherent.
"What?" He glanced around the room, uncomprehending. Tessa was crowding Dean's restless spirit into a corner, and Jonah looked back to him. "Castiel, I finally understand. Everything you said—I understand it now. I've come to join you!"
Castiel spread his hands, palms up, and the steel links holding his cuffs together clinked in his lap. "It is. It's just difficult."
Cas is real close beside him, their arms just shy of touching. He gives Dean a curious look, eyes languid. It's the most relaxed he's seen Cas in—well, in months. "Is that how you would describe it?"
Cas sighs, sobering a little, head tilting as he chooses his next words. "I'd been mentally preparing myself for the possibility that we may spend some time apart," he says calmly, and something ugly twists up inside Dean's gut. "I had no idea how you would react, and—well, I was convinced you were simply waiting for me to release you from this relationship." Cas looks at him, smiling faintly. "I'm glad I was wrong."
"Watch out!" Eileen calls, and Dean looks up from shovelling dirt just as Cas narrowly avoids being thrown into a tree by an incredibly angry, shrieking spirit.
Jonah's mouth opened to respond, then snapped it shut with a click of teeth. "Answer me," he said instead.
"It's complicated to explain," Cas says, setting his phone down. "But Enchocian, when written in blood at least, is incredibly powerful. It distorts spacetime around it in order to communicate with the Host. Taking photographs of it tends not to work well, which is why I need Sam to transcribe it first, though that's much more tedious."
Dean divides up the bacon and eggs onto two plates, grabs some utensils and napkins, and carries them over to the breakfast table, sitting down across from Cas. Better if they're facing each other while they talk, he thinks, feeling his stomach flutter.
Later, he would have the space to be proud of Hannah and his men for how skilled they were. This incursion had cost them—much more than what his life was worth, in his opinion—but they had not failed in their task. Retrieving Castiel from Bartholomew had been their primary goal, but capturing his men was just as important. And Theo, clearly, was high up in the ranks. Securing him was an excellent strategic move.
Sliding off the bed, he saunters over to Cas—or at least, as best as he can manage with his arm in a sling and his head spinning. He manages to arrive next to Cas despite the handicap, sliding his good arm around his waist.
A tremendous rushing sound of collapsing dirt and gravel echoes through the room, making them both look up. The ghoul's fingers tighten even further on his jaw. He's gonna have bruises by tomorrow.
The bones in his wing were so thoroughly broken that it took Dean a lot longer than fifteen seconds to wade through them. He made sure to shut the door behind him as he pushed and folded Castiel's wing over on itself, sidling between it and the wall. He was far gentler than Theo was, but the pain was no less brutal. By the time Dean got into the centre of the cell, Castiel was hanging limply by his wrists, knees buckled and throat raw.
Christ, he didn't even bring Dad's journal. It's still in the trunk. Can't look through that, either.
They go pretty hard for a good two hours, unloading most of the truck, passing each other on a seemingly endless number of trips back and forth between the truck and the apartment. His back starts to give him grief after depositing a chair in the living room, and Jody makes him sit down on it for a few minutes so he doesn't seize up. It's a miracle nobody calls him an old man.
Dean purses his lips. There's a tiny cut on Cas' forearm, which is conveniently positioned by Dean's shoulder, and he presses the pad of his thumb over it, hiding it from sight. "I was really cold, you know, without the shirt," he says, laying it on thick, and runs his hand up and down Cas' arm. "And you were so warm. Just laying there next to me. Nice big, strong arms—"
Jonah reached for Castiel's shin, and he held out a hand in warning. His cuffs clinked from the movement. "Stop," he gasped, "please. I'll tell you."
"No," he groans, and has to stand on his tip-toes to locate his water bottle above them. He chugs a good half of it, then wipes his mouth and passes it to Cas, who declines.
All the lazing around he's been doing seems to finally be paying off, because his head hasn't spun once since he woke up. It's a challenge to eat the sub Charlie bought him one-handed, but he sets up camp at the breakfast table and works his way through it anyway, relishing the quiet, relishing how light he feels. He wonders if that's part of the reason Cas had been so adamant about him calling Mary. He hadn't realised how much it had been weighing on him until now.
She glanced up from his character sheet, pencil twirling around between her fingers. Her mouth twisted. "Nothing."
Cas had another forkful of lasagna in his mouth, so his answering laugh is close-mouthed, swallowed down with his meal. "I see."
"Yes," Cas agrees, and sits back down next to him, still squinting at his phone. Dean sneaks a peek, and sees—
He makes a show of looking around the kitchen. "What the hell have we been doing for the past twenty minutes?"
"Yeah, and then staying away for like six weeks. Which is fine," Sam said hurriedly. "It is. We're not mad that you're busy, and we know you can't always answer if we call. I'm pretty sure Dean agrees with me there. It's just an emotional response, and he's bad at dealing with it." He picked at another pepperoni. "Did you guys have an argument or something? I mean last time?"
Dean flips the bacon, itching at the fading cut on his forehead. And, okay, her advice is still good. Talk to Cas about it, see what the deal is. It's clear at least that he isn't leaving for a while; his planters are still on the roof, and he seems pretty settled in the bunker. Which is good. Really good. Better than what Dean deserves, honestly, but he won't question it. He does, however, need to investigate this little problem of theirs, because he can't keep jacking off in the shower for the rest of his life.
"I do right now." He felt Cas nudge at his mouth with his own lips, already pressing for more but unwilling, even now, to move first.
A muscle by Cas' mouth twitched. "I appreciate it." He exhaled slowly. "I find this place… comforting. Peaceful."
"I think Sam is trying to say that you should not dwell on your mistakes too much," Castiel offered to her. "Guilt is not a particularly useful emotion. It won't fix what is broken."
It was a long moment before he answered. "I'll just throw it back up," he murmured, looking at the water bottle.
Cas nods tiredly, a wry tilt to his mouth. He seems to consider saying something, then drinks his coffee instead. There's a cut on his cheek, welling up with fresh blood in small pearls that cling to the sliced edges of his skin, and Dean suffers through the terribly mundane fantasy of folding up his napkin and wiping it away for him. With their ankles touching below the table, it's borderline scandalous.
They slumped to the ground again. Castiel was already breathing hard, trembling from the pain, and pressed his face to Dean's shoulder.
"Dean." Cas touches his jaw. He looks upset—concerned, maybe, or sad. Dean can't tell. He always looks a little sad, like Eeyore, but with better posture and bigger hands.
Dean glances at the TV. He barely recognises what's on screen. "Why, you planning on doing something else?"
Sam handed him a fork, smiling, and Dean accepted it with a begrudging thank you. He left without going anywhere near the fridge, shuffling out of the kitchen.
"I've found that has limited efficacy." Cas' hand continues to comb gently through his hair. There's still some lingering tension in the air, which is one hundred and ten percent Dean's fault, but also at least sixty percent Cas' fault, because you can't just drop that kinda bomb on a guy and expect him to be normal about it.
The sun is creeping up towards his window by the time he becomes properly conscious again. He's being kept for observation, flushing out whatever the hell was in his system and replacing it with another set of prescription painkillers for his leg and arm. If he keeps this up, he'll be addicted to opiates in no time. Maybe that'll be his new hobby.
"Yeah," Dean says insightfully, listening to the dial-up noises in his brain and trying desperately to concentrate on the topic at hand.
After another minute of leaning on the bed and wondering whether he really had to ever leave his room again or not, Dean stood up and went to his desk, rooting around in the drawer until his fingers touched the concave arch of cheap shades. He pulled the sunglasses on, narrowly avoiding poking his eye out, and then finally felt prepared to open his door and face the world.
Dean threads his fingers around the hem of his blanket. He wants to talk, just to fill the room with noise. Sam and Eileen have fallen quiet in their adjacent room; it's just Cas' breathing now, and the unreliable ambience of a motel parking lot at seven in the morning. And the racket inside his head, though that's not exactly new. Dean squeezes his eyes shut.
"But that is the way of things in Heaven," Jonah said fondly, eyes wistful as he turned his face upward. "I would give anything to be jeered at by a garrison again."
Castiel moved into his room while Dean fished around for the controller and shut off the television. The only light came from a lamp in the corner, and it threw long shadows across the walls of his room, catching on the various weapons mounted along them. His eyes lingered on the obsidian bludgeon, the one Dean had carried around with him in Purgatory.
"I've known ones that don't," Castiel replied softly, looking out of his window. The trees blurred past them, shimmering from the light of the Impala's low beams. "Were human society ordered in such a way that human blood was readily available, violence wouldn't be necessary for them to survive."
Theo did not ask him any questions. Instead, he set about binding as much of Castiel's Grace to his vessel as possible. Pulling all of him down to Earth was impossible, of course, unless he meant to simply drain Castiel of his Grace entirely and make him human. Theo was not interested in that, either, or at least not for the moment.
Cas folds their hands together. He's incredibly warm, the kind of warm you get from spending time in the sun. He must've come right from the roof. The whole room smells like freshly cut wood, of warm skin and faint sweat. Christ, he must have set a reminder or something on his phone.
When the sun surpassed its zenith, Jonah set his blade down on the tray beside them and stood before Castiel, hands trembling. "Why?" he demanded, eyes wide with despair. "Why are you doing this?"
It's like his entire body contracts. Dean freezes up completely, feels his body hang on for one more agonising second before the first spurt of his orgasm hits him. And then he's arching off the bed, mouth hanging open in a gasp, head thrown back in the pillows, and comes all over Cas' stomach in messy stripes. Each wave rockets through him, almost violent with how intense it is, making him twitch and heave like he's having some sort of fit. Dean's not even sure where his hands are, just that he's hanging onto Cas, because that's all that matters. He's still coming, still a quivering mess underneath him, and he feels the groan Cas gives rumble all the way up his spine as he comes, too. His rhythm falls apart, his hips slam into Dean, and Dean sees stars because it's so much, it's way too much. He's going supernova.
He squeezes his eyes closed. "You give really good hugs," he says hoarsely, and feels her back rumble with laughter. Jody pulls away to look at him, giving him her best concerned mom look.
"Claire," he says with another sigh, reaching for his coffee and wrinkling his nose when he discovers it's gone cold. "She's upset."
"I know! I know." She laughs, closing the door behind her. "Okay yeah, will do. I'll be safe, I promise. I know. I'll call you tomorrow. Bye."
Wordlessly he nods, and moves up the bed until he's lying back against the pillows, suddenly nervous as he stares up at the ceiling while he waits. Which is ridiculous, because this is Cas, but he's been feeling real virginal lately. Dean closes his eyes again, willing his heart to slow down a little, and repeats to himself that this is going to be great. Better than great. This is one of the best days of his life, in fact, so he better not fuck it up, or he'll regret it forever and die bitter and resentful about it. His hands fist in the sheets.
He chews on the prospect of Eileen moving in more permanently as he works through the chore roster for the day; laundry, armoury, and finally his room. He's got nothing against the idea—it's been years since he saw Sam this happy, and Eileen's pretty cool—but if three's company, then four's a city. He's not so much concerned about space as he is about logistics. Cas had folded into the fabric of their lives surprisingly easily; hunts don't feel crowded with three people. But four hunters means two cars and two motel rooms, and there's only so much work to go around for run-of-the-mill hauntings and violent deaths. They'll probably be splitting up more often now, working separate cases on their own, so he's gonna have to get used to Cas riding shotgun and sleeping in the same room as him and being the new Agent Page.
"Figured what out?" To preoccupy himself, he was counting the near-microscopic flecks of fake pearl embedded under the lacquer of his sleeve cuff buttons. The lighting in his cell was not ideal for such a task, but he found that keeping his chin tilted upwards relieved some of the pressure on his spine, and he'd already counted the grooves in the ceiling.
"She still hasn't spoken to me much," Cas says, and Dean sets the water bottle down beside him. "I suspect she's angry that Alex is leaving."
Jonah was irritable today, and the words made him bristle. "You do not ask me questions. You answer mine."
Castiel glanced at the papers in front of her with interest. He'd assumed they were research notes, but there was a bubble at the top labelled
Dean glares down at the blanket. Something hot and foul is clawing its way up his throat. It would be easy to tear into Jody. He knows exactly what he'd need to say to really knock her on her ass, make her so mad she leaves his room. Why ask for his goddamn help if she's just gonna bitch and complain? Doesn't she know the kind of person he is? She gave him a spare key to her house, for Christ's sake. She knew this was coming, and now she's mad all of a sudden that the sky is blue? Don't come crying to me about your dead husband and kid if you don't want my help.
"Thought you said you weren't gonna take up gardening." Dean leans on the tables when he can, easing some of the strain off his leg. He should've taken something for pain before they left.
Dean hears the motel door open and close. Panicking now, he attempts to sit up. The biggest problem with that plan is that one of his arms is in a sling, and his coordination isn't great at the moment. His head is the heaviest it's ever been, a block of concrete thick enough to stop a nuclear bomb.
The ashen impression of wings coated the floors and walls as they moved throughout the building. It appeared to be some sort of vacant office space; they would pass one room completely untouched, the chairs and tables covered with cloth, and the next would be a smouldering hole in the wall. Police sirens wailed outside, and a distant part of him, the one honed by billions of years of discipline, was disappointed. Was this what he and his siblings had been reduced to? No regard for conduct or discretion? The archangels may have thought skyscrapers were little more than anthills, but they were instructed all the same to preserve human monuments. And all this destruction and death over a chain of command dispute? It was beneath them.
"I'm trying," he said irritably, almost like this was a normal conversation. He wobbled between his locked leg and Dean while he unbent his other one.
"You have your own duties to attend to," Cas said. "This process will be just intense, and it will take just as much out of you."
"I want you to," he whispers, clinging to him. He was paying attention in class. Those are the magic words he needs to say, even if they're hard to get out sometimes. It's not so difficult now, but that probably has something to do with the fact that Cas has his dick in his hand.
He's suddenly grateful Cas had been so concerned over getting him ready, because the sting is harsher than he remembers, but Dean relishes it anyway, even as tears prick the corner of his eyes from the burn. Cas is going slow, nudging into him carefully, and heat blooms across Dean's face as the head of his cock slips fully inside him. He lets out a relieved breath, but Cas is still pushing further inwards, deeper inside him, and Dean grabs a hold of his arm, his waist, breath coming out shallow and short.
Dean hops the fence with only a minimal amount of protest from his back and keeps off the main cemetery pathways, staying under the sparse cover of trees whenever he can as he makes his way towards the back of the lots. Now that the sun's not boiling him alive, it's actually nice outside.
With his other hand, Castiel grabbed a fistful of Jonah's hair and yanked his head back. Jonah stumbled, threatening to topple them both, but Castiel held fast. "Lend me your Grace, brother," he whispered lovingly, and cut into Jonah's throat.
He follows her towards the door, and cringes when Cas falls in line beside him. Dean doesn't dare glance in his direction.
"What? No. Dean—" Sam breathes loudly out of his nose. "Hold the corners. The part that folds over the top of the mattress, not the—"
The next quake was forceful enough that his wrists were jostled. Castiel was too exhausted to cry out, so he grit his teeth instead.
At nearly six in the morning, the sun is only starting to think about showing its face. The diner is mostly empty, sparsely populated with a mix of drifters and hospital staff for the nearby pediatric ward. Hospital coffee is probably an upgrade from the shit that's in his mug, but he's not a nurse, so what does he know.
Cas kisses him some more, gentle and unhurried, and Dean feels like he's near sleep when Cas hooks one of his legs around his waist, hiking it up, before sliding home again. Dean's breath hitches, first at the friction, the pull, and then at how good it feels. He's got his arms around Cas, loosely framing his waist, but otherwise his limbs are butter, useless and heavy.
He partitions the eggs with the spatula, scrambling a few for Cas and leaving his sunny side up while he turns things over in his head. The last several "important" conversations he's had with the people he cares about have gone over strangely well. His instincts assure him that the next one will be world-endingly disastrous to make up for that discrepancy, and above all else he does
He's getting better with screens and standing and being in rooms with the lights turned on, but the lethargy is still there, surprisingly strong. He doesn't even make it to the end of the movie, passing out on the couch. Charlie calls him an old man when he wakes up, and the next Tylenol he takes is both for his head
Cas lets out the deepest sigh Dean's ever heard when he bottoms out, pressing his sweaty forehead to his shoulder. They lie there for a moment, not moving, Dean hanging on for dear life. He can hear something rumbling in Cas' throat, and it takes him a minute to realise he's saying something.
"Before I left for Breckenridge to help Sam and Eileen," Cas says, holding up a finger for him to wait. "You seemed upset that we hadn't slept together in a while."
It did. His pupils shuttered like a camera lens, eyes staring hard at Castiel. The angel blade hung forgotten by his side. "How?" he asked, quiet.
They relocate outside, squeezing together on the shitty little square of concrete that passes for a balcony these days. Dean takes a look over the edge of the railing and promptly steps back when he sees the grass several storeys below, blowing out a breath as a wave of vertigo hits him.
"You offered to kiss me," Castiel said. "And I'm—overjoyed that you did. But I won't ask anything of you that you aren't prepared to give me."
He's still got quick enough reflexes that he at least doesn't vomit on them when his stomach decides to empty, and Dean counts that as a win.
Sam looked over his shoulder at him, surprised at the sound of his voice this early in the morning. He shifted through a number of different expressions as he looked Dean up and down, before finally landing on bewildered concern.
Charlie continued to look between them, mouth slightly ajar. She cleared her throat. "Does this shit happen like every day with you guys?"
Jonah was not a soldier. He did not fight back. Blue holy fire poured from his neck, and the room filled with the smell of petrichor as Castiel guided it into his mouth.
"Cas, hey." Dean's fingers, slick with Castiel's own blood, tapped his cheek. "I know it's hard. You've—had a rough couple weeks," he continued awkwardly, the humour weak in his voice. "But we gotta move."
Sam didn't dignify that with a response. Dean took more leisurely sips of his coffee, pleased that he was keeping it down so far, and leaned against the counter as he watched Sam finish off his marathon cooking. There was stuff all over the counters—cutting boards, knives, stray potato peels and leaky packaging from the bacon and like four different dish cloths scattered around the kitchen.
"Yes," Cas says again, and he says it so easily, like it's some self-evident truth so obvious that even acknowledging it as such would be absurd. Vegetables are good for you, shit stinks, Cas loves him.
The inaction worried Castiel. Dean should have been jumping up to guard the door, to look for something to do. Instead, he looked absent, retreating inwards. Just as Castiel had done.
The last time Castiel had been able to so brazenly stare at him had been in Purgatory, where he had watched over Dean as he slept. The nights there had terrified him, made it almost painful to look down at his feet and see Dean completely vulnerable and defenseless. Human beings were unspeakably fragile, and Castiel had not fully appreciated just how fleeting their lives were until he had spent long nights in Purgatory standing sentinel over Dean's sleeping body. It had been exposed to him, begging for observation, and yet staring at Dean for too long had proved an exercise in madness.
"That, however, I learned from you," he says quietly, and Dean's morning spent agonising over his choice of clothing is ruined when he spills lasagna all down the front of his shirt.
When he came to a stop, Cas halted in the middle of the lane, as if pulled by some tether, and stared out at the sea of rusted roofs. Dean studied his profile, which was just as severe as the rest of him. He could see each and every year on Cas' face, and he had a lot more to his name than most people.
He drifts blissfully in Large And Strong Land for an unknown length of time. It's disrupted when the bed moves, and a sudden chill sweeps over his chest. Cas is gone. Not good.
The back of Dean's knees hit the edge of the mattress, and Cas pushes him down onto it. Dean lies back on his elbows, chest heaving, and looks up at Cas, starstruck. He looks a million feet tall from this angle, impossibly broad, and he's staring down at Dean like he's never seen him before in his life. But unlike all the horrified, aghast, unfamiliar glares he's been receiving from loved ones the past however many weeks, this one is different. It's holy, it's reverent, like he's just discovered something new and brilliant. It's Cas saying, without words, that he wasn't exaggerating when he said Dean's the most beautiful human being he's ever seen.
By the time they reached the sixth floor, the sounds of fighting had ceased. When they were just outside the fire exit for the eighth floor, Castiel could hear talking. He recognised the voices—Oren and Hannah.
"What um, what hurts, exactly?" Dean presses a thumb to Cas' wrist, against the outline of a vein, and feels the blood thrum faintly beneath the pad of his finger.
Dean's fading fast. He concentrates on Cas' hand, on the thumb he's brushing over Dean's knuckles, the motion so idle and automatic that he probably doesn't even register that he's doing it. There's a sudden sting in his throat that he can't swallow down.
Part of it is unavoidable—he's recovering from an injury on top of another injury, and his body is eager to remind him of that every chance it gets. Doing anything other than lying very still in his bed with the lights off is painful and difficult, so he spends most of his free time doing exactly that. If Sam happens to make a baby face at him whenever he crawls his way out of his room for a few minutes, then so be it.
Dean tests his head, rolling it slowly back and forth to look around the room or hole or wherever the hell he is. The movement makes him dizzy, which is another problem he'll have to deal with, but he shoves that aside for now. To his right is a light source—a small electric camping lantern set on the floor, throwing off weak yellow light. The walls are made of concrete, which is comforting for some reason. At least he's not in a literal hole in the ground. Bad news is, it's about the only comforting thing he sees.
"Is that so?" The guy grabs for the phone holstered on his belt and flicks his way through it. "You're Dean Winchester?"
And then there's mom, who seems to constantly change her mind about whether the bunker is a guest bedroom or a home away from home or a cursed place she should never return to. Dean doesn't go into his mother's room unless she's in there, but there's not much to see anyway; aside from Dad's journal, a gun cleaning kit, blade oil, and some clothes and toiletries, the room is empty. It's more of a storage closet than a space of her own. Her bed may as well be another shelf.
It was deep into the evening when Dean woke. He could hear voices downstairs; he could smell whatever greasy pizza Bobby must have ordered. With a groan he got his good arm under him and shoved himself ungracefully off of the bed. The mud and the blood that has dried on his coat littered the bedspread in rusty flecks, and he made a silent promise to clean it up later.
It's weird that they're talking about it; it's extra weird that Dean is the one bringing it up. He wants to smack himself, tell him not to poke the bear too much. It went good—great, in fact—crisis averted, so there's no sense in lingering on it. But he's feeling a bit reckless at the moment, a bit daring. Maybe it's because the bottom half of his body is still tingling, but a quiet thrill goes through him as he realises he
"Back at the station, organising a search party for tomorrow. I paid for the night here, by the way," she adds, like that's something he's worried about.
It was a wonder that the building hadn't collapsed on top of them yet. The fighting was closer now, still muffled, but the force of the clash was enough to disrupt some of the warding sigils on the walls of the cell. Sound began to trickle through the cracks; the desperate cries of angels locked in deadly combat; the singing of steel; the impact of celestial bodies against concrete and iron.
She flashes him another smile, doing a bad job of hiding it behind the beer she'd brought with her, and Dean is too excited to get mad about that right now. "Home-cooked meals are a hit with hunters, let me tell you."
Cas sits quietly at the table behind him, sipping at his coffee as he reads more of his Woodworking for Dummies book. He takes notes from the thing like there's going to be a test on it later, but it always seems to mellow him out, so Dean doesn't tease him about it too bad.
The following silence hung heavily in the air. This, Castiel also did not understand; it was uncertain, pregnant with possibility. Dean was staring down at the blood clot under his fingernail again.
Charlie snorts, and then the conversation is over. Dean goes back to staring out of his window, trying not to itch at his cast too much. It's fine, he repeats to himself. This needs to get taken care of, and he got the call to do it. Simple as that. Any other considerations—especially ones that involve telling Cas—are just going to slow them down, and then more people are going to die, and that's gonna be on his shoulders.
"And after that conversation, you stopped initiating sex. You seemed largely uninterested with physical intimacy of any kind."
"No, yeah, it's not, I got you," he says quietly, and runs a hand over his face. "It's just, um, it's just a surprise, that's all. Not bad," he hurries to explain, letting out a nervous laugh. "Just. You know."
"I used to find it irritating, eating," Cas says beside him, balancing his container on his lap as he cut off a corner of his lasagna with the side of his fork. "I still do, sometimes. The human body requires a great deal of maintenance."
"I'm fine," Dean answered for him, jerking his arms again. His legs were affixed to the chair as well, his jeans tangled up in the strips of the zip ties. His expression turned withering as he looked at his brother. "You can untie me. And get me out of this chair!"
"That was over a week ago." Ten days, to be exact, which is the magic number Cas keeps reciting to him.
"Do I give off the impression I haven't been?" Jody gives him an amused look. "As a matter of fact, I have. It sucks. You get over it. Life moves on. You think she's gonna ditch you if you ask her out?"
After five days, Dean's finally well enough that standing in a room with the lights on doesn't make him want to hurl, so he's allowed to venture outside his room. Feeling decidedly like a zoo animal who's just discovered his cage has been left unlocked, he makes his way towards the library, using the wall as a handhold.
"Uh, they're like vamp bombs. Ketch called them anti-vampire devices." She offers a weak smile. "They release a toxic gas that kills vamps. They're pretty good."
Unsure of what he meant, Castiel was content to hold him. Dean's room was cool, cooler than most human beings seemed generally comfortable with. He gathered Dean close, awestruck by the fact that he could do that now, and listened to the steady thrum of his heart and the soft sigh of his breath. He was still strung tight, taut from arousal and likely nerves, and his skin hummed with it. It was a restless sort of excess energy, excitement that he seemed reluctant to fully surrender to.
well, neither of them have gotten laid in a few months and, well, he just cleaned his room. He still has his cast on, which is annoying, but he's not about to hold off on sleeping with Cas if that's all that's in the way.
Dean thinks about it this way: no one is going to know he ever attempted this in the first place, and he can only benefit from asking questions on the internet. Best case scenario, he gets some solid advice. Worst case, he wastes an hour looking shit up before scrubbing his browser history, and then he's only back to where he started. It's not like any of this is actionable, anyway. He just wants to be prepared for—for whatever.
"Maybe it's—" Dean blew out a breath, trying to focus. "One of those things, you know. Only happens if you don't think about it."
Sam extended their study break into a full lunch, which—after a protracted back-and-forth with Charlie about food—ended up being pizza he went to pick up from a parlour in town. Castiel ate a slice of it, more out of habit than desire. This, too, was a ritual he missed; breaking bread with other people, eating together, sharing food and conversation and beer. Even if he gained little pleasure from the mechanical act of eating itself, he enjoyed the hour-long hiatus they took to talk about the shows Charlie was watching, or the herb garden Sam was trying—and failing—to start on the roof of the bunker.
Although Cas' back is turned to him, his smile is visible from the periphery of his profile, dimpling near the edges of his mouth. It's fucking unbearable. All of this is unbearable.
"Where's uh—what's her name again? Stevie?" he says hurriedly. "You still doing your whole thing with her?"
"Y'know, something like ceramics or gardening is probably less dangerous," Dean says, doing his best not to sound strangled. Both of Cas' hands are a mess of scrapes. He's probably got splinters, too.
His strength, at least, was still something he could rely on. Pressing a hand to the graffitied steel of a side entrance, his palm ignited as the door blew off its hinges. The shriek of shorn metal echoed across the empty parking lot, and funnelled through the winding maintenance halls leading further in the warehouse.
God, Cas just says this shit, calm and relaxed, like what came out of his mouth isn't the most heartbreaking thing Dean's ever heard. He dusts the crumbs off his hands, shoving up into a standing position, and crowds Cas against the counter. Cas straightens, surprised, and Dean boxes him in with his arms, hands braced on either side of him.
Castiel absorbed that information. Perhaps his perspective had been too narrow. He considered Sam's own. "And how do you… make him get over it?"
More than that, Charlie is good company. He's used to someone always being around, and he tries not to think about how he'd cope if Cas had left him here all by himself. It makes something in his stomach flutter if he dwells on it for too long; about how well Cas knows him. Even pissed off and sleeping with someone who doesn't put out for whatever fucked up reason, Cas is still looking out for him. This also means Cas is right—Dean does, in fact, need a babysitter—so Dean shoves that entire train of thought firmly into the
He wants to ask about the case. It's not that he doesn't remember charging the warehouse, machetes swinging, but he can't figure out the ending. He got got, which is obvious, but he doesn't remember the hit. That's probably bad. A vamp snuck up on him, almost ended his life, and he can't even recall the guy's face. Or girl's. He doesn't discriminate. Equal opportunity for all who wish to gank Dean Winchester most brutally, a promise you can take to the bank.
"It's just vomiting. I think I can handle it." He grabbed at the suit jacket still hanging off him, suddenly conscious of its weight across his shoulders. "You probably want this back."
"Oh." Dean tries to think back on Cas' behaviour, especially when he'd first given up his mojo, and to his own dismay, he can't recall clocking anything off about him. "Well, you were pretty good at hiding it."
"What do these do, exactly?" Sam asked as Dean applied the last sigil to the west-most window in Bobby's house.
"I didn't ask." Dean sips his own beer. They'd taken over a picnic bench near the lakefront, sitting on the table next to one another so they can both watch the water. Cheboygan isn't nearly as hot as Nashville, and Nashville didn't have Lake Huron in it either. Maybe they'll stay in Michigan for a while, he thinks. The motels are cheap enough, and there's plenty to hunt.
Dean made the effort to sit up straight in his chair, anticipating the heart-to-heart approaching on the horizon. "Look. Sam and I have been doing this shit since god knows how long. And this—" He held out his arm, the Mark an angry red from his scratching, "—makes it pretty hard for me to die. So I can afford to do stupid shit, and I've been doing stupid shit my whole life anyways. You, on the other hand—"
Castiel slumped back in the chair he was occupying with a heavy sigh, glaring down at the massive tome laid out on the table in front of him as if it were the source of his problems. It may as well have been, for all the good it was doing.
Castiel huffed, almost a laugh. "You're not…." He wanted to relax his body, and badly. Adjusting his feet underneath him, he tried to take some of the strain off his arms. "I know the things other angels say about me."
That proved to be a much more difficult task. Cas was still stiff, still tense, even as he was pressing into Dean, letting him carry his weight. Dean could feel him hard against his thigh, and the random shift of his hips probably meant Cas was unused to this, too. The thought made his heart pound. Maybe there was something to sleeping with virgins, after all.
"Injured?" Dean rubbed at his eyes, trying to will himself into full consciousness. "How the hell do you…."
"Your cooperation." Theo jostled the arm around Dean's neck, and Dean's lips pulled back in a snarl. The blade nicked his throat in warning, drawing blood. "Jonah did acquire one valuable piece of information from you."
"It was about the fucking—weather, Sam," he said harshly. "It was bullshit nothing. I don't know what his problem is. He just left."
He set about fixing the bruise on his cheekbone, the split on his upper lip, the marks Theo had made along his jaw and throat. Carefully, he cradled Dean's hands in his own and stitched the broken skin across his knuckles back together. Life fluttered beneath his palms as he worked, slouching back into place where it belonged. No human being wore their own life like Dean Winchester, and Castiel was the only angel in existence who knew where all the pieces fit. Jonah would never have been able to do this.
This is usually the part where Sam would come in handy. He'd know the right thing to look up, the right place to look for information. Dean's missing him enough that he almost pulls out his phone and calls him up, even though he knows he'd be signing his own death warrant by doing that. No way Sam wouldn't blab to Cas about this.
He could feel his Grace humming from the simple contact of their hands. Castiel would have preferred to press closer—to gather Dean into his arms until there was no part of them that was not touching. The intensity of it surprised him; how quickly he became greedy for more, how inadequate even this much already felt. He'd waited over four years for something as simple as this, and now it was as if the floodgates had opened. But Castiel was good at forcing himself to be content with less when it came to Dean. He understood that he had to be patient; he understood that it was worth it. So he held onto his hand, and he asked Dean pointless questions, and felt all of himself sing as he listened to Dean's soft, easy words, spoken only for him to hear them.
"Yes." Cas grabbed his arm to keep his attention. His fingers were cool. "You remember the Enochian sigils I showed you?"
Cas lets go of his wrist, but only so that he can slip a hand between them. He arches his spine as he does it, and his next thrust hits Dean dead fucking centre, home run, and Cas only needs to stroke his hand up his dick once, twice, before Dean falls apart.
"Dean." The word brushed his ear, only audible because of how close they were. He could hear the edge of uncertainty in it, the tiny kernel of fear that he was approaching a threshold he couldn't come back from, and was reaching out for another anchor. Dean wondered briefly if Cas had ever even come before.
Gravity and exhaustion worked against him, and it barely took Dean anything to get him back onto the ground. He set him carefully on the concrete before retrieving his pistol and levelling it at the door, bracing his feet wide in a defensive stance.
"Yeah," he sighed, drawing the word out. He disentangled his hand from Castiel's and sat up, rubbing his eyes. When his hands fell into his lap, he looked at Cas. "What are you gonna do?"
He glances in her direction. Whatever's on his face must be pretty pathetic, because Jody's expression softens a little. "You need to slow down," she says to him. "Pushing yourself like this, it's not sustainable."
Because he wasn't a fucking Girl Scout, he forced himself to shower and change first. Sam would've woken him if something bad happened to Cas, so there was no reason to rush downstairs in a huff to see if he was alright. He took longer than he needed to; stood under the hot spray until his skin hurt. Then he shaved for good measure, scrubbed his teeth clean, and finally, he dressed. By the time he got downstairs, two boxes of pizza had been pillaged, and there were a couple empties littering the kitchen table. The messy Enochian sigil Cas had painted onto Bobby's fridge was still there, now a dark brown.
Castiel glanced down at the hands in his lap, examining his upturned palm. His other hand was clenched around a rag Sam had given to him to wipe his face clean of the blood from his nose. "I could remove the vampirism from Dean," he said after a moment. "Just as I could change the colour of his eyes, or his appetite for beef. But it would take a great deal of work. It isn't the same as healing a wound. And my Grace is… damaged and unreliable at the moment. I wouldn't entrust Dean's safety with it."
The angel left without a word, slamming the cell door closed, and Castiel remained suspended from the ceiling. His head rolled on his neck, twisting westward, and watched the dust dance in the air.
The grins he offers her is crooked, wobbling at the edges. Some of the pressure in his chest eases off, though, her words soothing. "Yes, ma'am."
Theo paused, turning heel to face Castiel. He approached him slowly, a single footstep at a time, unhurried. Castiel did not flinch, though he wanted to, and watched Theo walk behind him.
"I couldn't disagree more. You're tethered to this vessel." He sneered into Dean's ear. "This Michael Sword."
"Yeah," Dean huffed. "Yeah, I bet." He fiddled with a pull in the fabric of the blanket, jaw working as he considered his words. "Well, thanks. Holding my hair back isn't exactly a fun way to spend the evening."
"Get comfortable," Cas tells him, and the sudden tenderness in his voice makes Dean's eyes sting as it hits him all over again. This is happening, for real, and it's happening right now.
Castiel smiled at the protective undercurrent to his words. "Yes. Theo will be punished for that, don't worry." Then his smile fell, and he looked away. "I'm sorry you had to see them that way. They are—they were—beautiful."
He scrubbed a hand across his face, letting out a slow breath. His heart pounded dully at his temples, at the bruises on his face and the cuts on his knuckles. Rolling his tongue around in his mouth produced a dry, sour copper taste that made the insides of his mouth stick to his teeth, which still ached in his skull. On the other side of his door, he could hear the whine of fluorescent lights in the hallway. That was going to be a problem.
Let the record show that Dean called it. He's been wrong about a lot of things in his life, but not this. Not when it comes to people leaving. On that score, he's never lost a bet.
He just wants someone to want to be in the same room with him, and he wants more than anything for that person to be Cas.
"Can't imagine that." Their shoulders brushed, and Dean shivered as a bead of sweat travelled down his temple. It was warm outside despite the time of year, but in the shade it was cool. "Jacking off works too, you know."
His patience finally snapped. "I was tortured for six weeks! Forgive me if I'm not immediately ready to get back to work. One night, Hannah, one
"This isn't your fight, Sam. What's happening between the angels—" Castiel shook his head. "I have to set it right."
The lapping of water he heard earlier catches his attention again, because the rhythm of it shifts; it's no longer the slow, methodical noise of moving water buffeting against a wall. Someone is walking through it now, approaching his position.
"Nothing," Dean says automatically, like a moron, looking back at the screen. He can feel Cas' eyes linger on him for a moment, heavy and warm, before he turns back to the television. His hands remain folded on his stomach.
Castiel watched him as he retrieved his angel blade from his jacket. "Dean, no." He grabbed a fistful of Dean's jacket, forcing him to stop. "Dean."
Cas reaches for his water again, but he doesn't uncap it. "I need you to promise me something first."
Dean was silent. The hard, angry expression on his face slacked away, but what took its place was unreadable. Castiel wanted desperately to touch him, to be held again and hear his voice rumble across his skin, but didn't trust himself to reach out for it.
"Better," Cas said after a moment, sounding uncertain. "It's not fatal, merely incapacitating." He shifted on the couch, wincing. "I have to… I have to get back."
The silence is starting to get awkward, though, so Dean shifts his weight again, gravel too loud beneath his feet, clearing his throat, eyes dancing around the roof. "So, um. Are we—does that mean we're good?"
Jonah was quiet for several minutes. Castiel wondered how soon he would be able to ask Jonah to fix his leg, or if such a request was even possible. Jonah wasn't cruel by nature, but he was oblivious to the cruelty of his orders.
All at once, the languid expression on Cas' face dissolved. It solidified quickly, growing hard and sharp, and the grip he had on Dean turned purposeful as he pushed him away.
"Thank you," he whispered, the words coming out more strangled than he intended. Castiel cleared his throat, though he didn't look at Dean. He couldn't bear it. "I'm—I'm not surprised. We used to reveal more of ourselves to humanity in the past. You can see some of it in the architecture of holy sites."
"I have no idea." Cas resumes flattening, which for normal people just means unhooking the little cardboard tabs at the corners of the box and letting gravity do the rest. For Cas it means grabbing the edges of the pizza box and squeezing until they buckle under the strength of his fingers, which has the same effect except this makes the cords in Cas' forearms stand out and leaves little pink marks on his palms. Fuck a maid, they need to buy a fainting couch.
"I'm game," she says with a smile, and Dean has a brief out-of-body experience when he shows his mom how to use a modern vacuum cleaner.
It hurts like a bitch, but he manages to push and shove and wince his way into a sitting position. The effort leaves him winded, aching, and dizzy, and now that he has a proper view of the room he's in, he wonders if the hassle was worth it.
"Cannibalism is a common practice in many species," Castiel explained. "Vampirism is a form of that."
"Leave me alone," he rasped, brushing weakly at Dean's hands on his shoulders. "I don't need—" He hissed as Sam swabbed the area clean, looking for a moment like a cornered animal, eyes wheeling wildly between Sam, Dean and Bobby. His expression made it clear that he was trying to find the most reasonable of the three, and for some reason, he landed on Dean. "This will be ineffective," he counselled him. The grip he had on Dean's wrist was tight. "And unpleasant for all of us."
"This show sucks," he says to her three episodes in, more to start an argument than any sincere expression of an opinion. He's definitely watched worse TV shows.
is gonna be ready for when that moment comes. He's so ready he's aching for it. Been aching for it for weeks, in fact.
Dean passes him his shovel first, then takes Cas' hand. He braces his other hand on the lip of the grave, squinting down at the wall of dirt to look for a decent foothold. They really should start bringing ladders with them on cases like this—
that movie," Cas says vehemently, now by his shoulder, and Dean presses a kiss to his temple. It seems to calm him some.
The only way to track the passage of time was by the streak of sunlight from the singular window in the prison cell, embedded high up on the western wall in the corner. It was well before noon at the moment, a fact that was useless to Castiel but nonetheless comforting. Perhaps when Jonah left for the day, he would distract himself by watching dust motes dance inside the beam.
"It's difficult to leave," he murmured. "When I am here, with you. I would like nothing more than to remain on Earth; to depart from the war in Heaven. But doing so would kill all of us—including you. So I keep my distance. I returned only because I needed a place to hide, and in a moment of self-pity, I called out for you. I should not have done so."
"Word got 'round that a Winchester was in Sioux Falls. Never thought I'd bag you myself." Another ghoul steps into the room, wearing the face of an older woman, dressed in scrubs. He recognises her after a moment; Mariam Alice. Dean presses himself harder against the stone wall behind him, suppressing a shiver at her smile. "I expected a tougher fight."
to know about the movie thing. It's the oldest trick in the book. Even a (former) Angel of the Lord can't miss the giant neon sign that is
"Well, that's—that's the job," he says, and he's not going to get mad, he's not going to raise his voice. "We risk our lives to help people."
He's not used to being in cemeteries while the sun is still up. It makes everything so much easier, especially the whole not having to sneak around security guards thing. The price for convenience just happens to be cooking to death in the sun.
The mercurial rush of whatever the fuck had been in that needle is already working its way through his system, and Dean can feel himself fading. His limbs are dead weight, completely unusable, and his vision rapidly begins to tunnel as he watches, dazed, as the ghouls turn their attention to his leg.
"Yeah, sure, just get blood all over the upholstery," Bobby cut in. "It's not like I don't got enough shit to clean up."
"You have to get up," Dean told him, voice harder now. "Cas. Your men are up there dying for you. Sam's up there."
The glare Cas levels at him is impressive. Dean's never seen angels use any laser beam eye powers, but if they did, it's a pretty good imitation of what it would look like. But he's supposed to be behaving himself, so instead of sniping back with anything else, Dean folds his hands in front of him, fingers clenched around the water bottle, and says soberly, "no, Cas, I don't know what Laplace's demon is."
When Dean pulled back, his expression was set, determined. It did not quite hide his grief, but it was close.
"You can—" Dean swallows, struggling to form words. "You can fuck me again. I'm just gonna… lay here."
The injury he had sustained was fully healed now, and Jimmy Novak's body was whole once again. He felt himself thrum with the energy Dean had so selflessly offered to him, and with a deep pang he knew this meant he would be leaving very soon. He was strong again, stronger than he had felt in a very long time. Already he could feel the fractured and disordered strategy he had been cobbling together form into a cohesive whole in his mind. The task before him was no less grim, and he would be no less merciful in his hunt for any traitors in his ranks. The siblings that had betrayed him would die by his hands, and he would restore order to the army he had assembled against Raphael. When he returned to Heaven this time, every angel in existence would take notice.
Cas reaches for the volume dial and looks at him in question. Dean only nods, and the music turns up a little louder.
"Then act like it," she says firmly, but it's in a loving tone, the kind he's heard her use on the girls. "Because if you pull a stunt like that again and get one of my girls hurt, I
is carefully casual, dismissive, and very convincing, if he did say so himself. If Eileen wants to drag his brother to a haunted bed and breakfast for a not-honeymoon, then who is he to deny them? That even sounds pretty nice, in a fucked up sort of way.
"I dunno," he hedges, and tries to think of the last time he saw a woman paint her nails in front of him. Maybe Lisa?
"Don't," he said. "Don't apologise. I'm telling you this because I don't know what comes after, either. But if you're—if you're willing to continue, then…."
They head towards the eastern side of the cemetery, wandering further away from the road. He and Charlie are both carrying, Jody too, but it still makes him antsy to be so far away from the car. Even with the blessing of the sheriff to walk around the crime scene, they can't really carry machetes around in broad daylight. They need to watch their backs.
"Sam was just asking if there was any way you could aid me," he said, watching Dean walk further into the room. He went to fiddle with a small, decorative statue on top of the dresser.
Dean stands up from the table, the chair legs scraping loudly on the tile behind him, and stares at Cas in growing horror.
"We can probably fit a couch through the garage entrance," Dean says, frowning. The last few hours have provided him with intimate knowledge of the exact measurements of doorways and coffee tables, and he figures the bunker's side door isn't all that different. "They must've gotten all that shit in there somehow."
"I'm not embarrassed," he interrupted, and offered a smile. "I'm being vain. I've thought about it before, showing you parts of my true form. The parts that can manifest on Earth, at least. Wings are the easiest to produce, and mine are…." His mouth wobbled, and he swallowed down the tightness in his throat. "They were magnificent. What you saw, the state they were in… it's a shame you saw them at all."
Castiel straightened and took a deep breath. The bunker had a particular smell to it that he was rather fond of, and he let it fill his lungs now, calming him. Oren watched him with concern, and with effort, he offered him a reassuring smile.
He looked around the room. The war room's table was dimmed for the night, and covered in notes. Castiel wandered over to it, sliding the pages his way and easily recognising Sam's handwriting. It was a print-out of an online news article from seven weeks ago, detailing the brutal deaths of two teenagers near a bus terminal in Bellevue, Idaho. Sam had highlighted the relevant passages in pink, with his notes creeping along the margins.
"No. All this—" Sam waved his hand to gesture at the tables, "was for trying to track you down. Didn't help much."
"Yeah." Sam grabs another towel, looking relieved. The hell did he think Dean was gonna say to him? "Just—keep that to yourself. It's still up in the air."
"You can keep it." He crossed his legs underneath him, bracing his elbows on his knees as he studied his hands. He didn't know why they preoccupied him so much. He'd never found anything noteworthy about Jimmy Novak's hands before. They were effective tools, precise and gentle when needed, firm and responsive when required of him. They felt fumbling now, blunt, unfamiliar. It wasn't like being intoxicated, a sensation he remembered from being human. Their movements felt out of sync with the rest of himself, delayed in their reaction and imprecise upon movement.
A knock on his door startles him from his thoughts. He straightens where he's seated on the edge of his bed. "Yeah?"
He lingered at the sinks, wiping his face down with a washcloth, scrubbing his hands clean, rinsing his mouth out. He'd work up to a shower at some point later in the day. When he wandered back out into the hall, he was hit with the smell of frying grease and cooked meat. It made his stomach turn as he approached the kitchen. Hopefully he wouldn't blow chunks all over their breakfast.
It freaks him out, the words he's saying, but Cas needs to hear them. His voice quavers as he continues. "It keeps hitting me, over and over, that I'm really doing this with you, and I know it's—it's been rough around the edges, but," he smiles again, unable to help himself. "But you stuck around anyway, so I get to keep saying good morning."
"Food ain't maintenance," Dean tells him, shoving a forkful into his mouth. Yeah, heaven. "It's a luxury."
"I'm keeping your cigs, by the way," Claire whispers beside him, and he only has time to glare at her before they're walking inside.
Dean pushes his plate to the side so he can rest his arms on the table. His heart is starting to calm down a little. Alright, so, they're no longer at DEFCON 1 anymore. "Okay," he says, still not following. He remembers the conversation now, the one Cas is talking about, but it feels like it happened in another lifetime. He's barely even thought about it since then. Cas is always going on about how much he respects him and his boundaries, which isn't bad or anything, but it's weird that he's bringing it up now. Wasn't he trying to break up with him a second ago?
Feeling brave, Castiel sat up on an elbow to look at him. His human vessel was still adapting to the lack of light in the room, but he could make out the impression of Dean's features, soft under the protective cover of darkness. "Go to sleep," he whispered. "I will be here when you wake." The words had been a nightly ritual in Purgatory; a promise that he would not disappear again. Dean had needed the reassurance, even if he didn't ask for it. He projected much more than he realised.
"If that's something you would enjoy," Cas says easily. Dean's running out of organs to liquify, but something still manages to melt inside him. Of course, Cas is saying, of course I will sing your praises. Of course I will rebel. Of course I will do this for you. All you have to do is say the word.
He could have easily gathered his clothes together and settled them over his vessel with a wave of his hand. Instead, Castiel felt around in the dark, finding his shoes on the floor and his jacket and coat still folded up on Dean's chair.
The ghoul raises a brow, taken aback by the question, and Dean moves his jaw, trying to ease some of the pressure off of it. "Professional curiosity," he gets out. "Not like I'm gonna tell anyone."
His eyes flicked to the clock on Dean's wall, despairing at how many hours had already passed. He had to get up. Castiel knew this. Being late would infuriate Hannah—it would also prove her right, which he was in no hurry to do. Leaning forward, he kissed the back of Dean's neck, and then took a moment to allow such a luxury to sink in. He had kissed Dean. He could kiss him again. Castiel let that fact nourish him, replenishing his dwindling reserves of strength, and then he began to extract himself carefully from Dean's sleeping body.
Dean pulls his head up and laughs. Leaning on an elbow, he's looking down at Cas, head heavy on a pillow, eyes hooded and mouth slightly curled upwards. He looks so incredibly pleased with himself, and Dean's the reason he has that smile on his face.
"What?" He frowns. His brain is going a million miles an hour, and Cas is bouncing around different topics with no concern for his well-being. "Well—well yeah, I mean, but if you're not—if you don't want to, that's cool, I'm not—"
He procrastinates by calling Mary instead. At least he has a better idea of what he needs to say to her, and if it goes south again, then, well, he'll have something to distract him from the fight he's in with Cas. What a fulfilling life he leads.
They laze around for a while after that. He puts on Top Gun in the den and curls into Cas' side on the couch, huddled under a couple blankets, Dean nearing sleep with how cozy he is. Cas' chest is less comfortable than a pillow, but he wouldn't budge if his life depended on it. And Cas runs his hand idly through his hair the whole time, his fingers sometimes trailing down to the nape of his neck and the sweep of his shoulders. It's like Cas doesn't even realise he's doing it, just letting off some excess restless energy, but Dean is blissed out of his fucking gourd.
Oren cocked his head at the farewell—it was context dependent on mood, temporary in nature, and applicable only to this meridian of Earth. It was not the way angels spoke to one another.
Castiel didn't need sleep, but he did allow this body to rest, reclining back on the bed. It was far more comfortable than the couch downstairs. The only problem was that there was no stimulus in this room; nothing to sufficiently fracture his attention so that he did not have to dwell on Rachel collapsing in on herself in his arms, dying for a man who was only using her as an instrument of chaos.
Charlie stares at him. It's extremely uncomfortable, especially because he can see the judge, jury, and executioner all negotiating with one another inside her head, trying to figure out how much rope to toss his way.
"I do it to annoy you," Sam informed him, scraping another batch of home fries into the casserole dish. The mountain of potatoes was beginning to look precarious.
He looked at Dean again, expression resolving into something even more grave. "Raphael is capable of more than you know."
Eventually, he stopped asking himself that question and began to observe instead. He watched how Sam dealt with his brother when these topics came up, and slowly, he came to understand that Dean was not asking for forgiveness. He almost never was. He was asking for a penance.
"Cas, you're—" He wipes at his mouth, shakes his head. Where the hell does he even begin with that? "That's bullshit, dude. You are the first person, ever, in my whole life, who's wanted to take care of me as much as I had to take care of everyone else. Like ever, okay?"
Cas swallowed, letting his head tip forehead, pressing into Dean's shoulder. He didn't say anything; just drew in more breath. It was, again, difficult to judge where Cas was at. He was wired, and clearly happy with what Dean was doing, but he didn't want to overwhelm him.
Cas sits there quietly, not touching his food. "Not quite," he says with a slight smile. "But I didn't secure the bottom of one of the standing planters properly, and it's starting to fall out now that I filled it with soil. A few of the screws have shredded down the legs."
"Evening, officer," he says coolly, standing up and flashing a smile as he reslings his bag over his shoulder. "I'm with Sheriff Mills. She asked me to do an additional sweep of the grounds."
Cas gets himself settled beside him after turning off the lights. There's a scandalous lack of distance between them on the bed, which is good, but Cas keeps his hands folded over his stomach, which is not as good. Their arms brush together, a whisper of contact, but he can feel the summer heat radiating off Cas' skin. He suppresses a shiver, suddenly feeling chilly. He bets the rest of Cas' body is just as warm.
"You don't have to hide from me, honey." Jody touches his arm again, which makes his eyes sting, and he looks away from her. "You're safe here."
"I was afraid you would—be found by Raphael, used as leverage against me." He winced, adjusting the rag at his side. "You're safe here."
And credit where credit's due, Eileen spends the entire week helping them. Sam must be doing something right; even for a lay—even for a
The optimism in his voice was unbearable to listen to. Castiel wanted to shut him out, shut all of this out, and lean into his warmth. He did not have the strength to help Dean; he didn't even have the strength to apologise for it.
"Old," he replies with a sigh. Dean settles himself more comfortably on the hard steel, his feet aching in his boots. There's an open 12-pack of water bottles shoved in the corner of the truck, and he pulls one out of the ripped plastic packaging. Despite the chilly air, the water is tepid.
Castiel stared at the postcard, tracing the edges of the broken columns with his eyes. Dean was warm beside him, shuffling the deck of postcards in his hands nervously as he awaited a response. He had to say something, but what could he possibly say to this?
And then, just as suddenly, he was back in his body again, in the shitty guest room in Bobby's house, and his orgasm ripped through him so hard he did exactly what Cas had warned him would happen; he blacked out.
"I know," he says quietly, and he finally seems reachable again, for the first time in what feels like ages. Every fibre of Dean's body—every atom, one might say—aches to touch Cas, to close the distance, but he doesn't. He stands there, wondering what the hell that means. No plan survives contact with the enemy, sure, but it's like the script he spent all day carefully laying out never existed in the first place. His brain is goo. Sappy, mopey, lonely, heartsick goo.
but he didn't voice it. There was a weariness to him that Dean had never seen before—to his words, to the look in his eyes, to the way he held himself. He knew angels didn't sleep, but he didn't realise they could tire, either.
"Okay, Terminator," he muttered, stretching his leg out to shove the note in his jeans pocket. God, he still had his jeans on. At least he'd kicked his boots off before climbing into bed. His sheets would need changing.
He could see that he was losing Dean. Castiel understood that the truth was often the most viable strategy when talking to him, though Dean usually did not appreciate his delivery. Thinking back to what Sam said, about leaving, he began another attempt.
"Right." He shuffles awkwardly, and winces when his leg burns. "You can stay here as long as you want. It's no sweat."
He met Sam's eyes again. There were dark bruises beneath them, heavy and lined with exhaustion. His face was still just a little too thin, a little too pale. The Trials had taken a lot out of him, even after being healed. Castiel wished he could help him more with it—take away the exhaustion and the nausea and the headaches that he knew still plagued Sam even after all this time.
Jody hadn't spared any of the gory details when they'd talked over the phone, but seeing the corpse in person is always another story. Charlie's face is pale and drawn beside him, and Dean recoils as the pathologist unzips the body bag.
The lavatory smelled of bile and blood when he slipped inside. The lights were off—and the switch was still broken, he noted with chagrin—but Dean was clearly in here. Castiel found him on the floor in front of a toilet, curled up with a towel and his jacket. The tight flutter in Castiel's chest at seeing how much refuge Dean found in his suit jacket was unhelpful and distracting, and he pushed it down as he cleared his throat.
"I thought Raphael was wrong," he told him, knowing Jonah would not understand. So many of their siblings didn't. "When I informed the other angels of this, they thought the same."
Her brow arches again, and he looks away, face flushing. "It's fine, Mom," he says to the parking lot. "Really. I'm good. You're doing your evil secret agent thing, Sam's head's in the clouds, and I'm… I'm with Cas. It's good."
"Cas." His hand slid from the back of his neck to touch his cheek, and Castiel leaned into the warmth of his palm. "Have you never kissed anyone?"
"What were you thinking about before?" Cas asked, wincing as he shifted on the bed to look at him. "In the scrapyard?"
It's hard to tell what else is happening. There's shouting, and he thinks he picks Sam's voice out of the din, but he can't be sure. Oh, Mom is here, too. And Eileen. More hands are touching him, gentle but firm, and it feels really good. He wants to keep lying here, being cared for. It's nice to be looked after.
Relief rocked through him, and he steadied himself with a hand on the coffee table. "What happened?"
Dean sleeps for most of the day. He finds Charlie in the den, playing her weird Zelda game, and she saves his life by informing him that there's a sub sandwich for him in the fridge.
Visually confirming that Google is indeed closed, he shuts it again before shoving the laptop away. Dean leans his head down on his arms folded over the desk, staring down at the scratched pale wood grain before squeezing his eyes closed, and lets out a groan.
The tenderness in his voice made Dean's already foggy brain grind to a halt, and he was saved from figuring out how the fuck he should respond to that when Sam stepped into the room, jar of blood in hand.
"He's hungry," Sam corrected her, voice strained. "Vampires need to feed pretty soon after they turn. The Mark isn't helping with that, either. He was a lot better at controlling it last time this happened."
"She's fine, aside from some bruising," Jody says, leaning her head on an upraised fist. She looks exhausted. "Pretty pissed at me."
"You want me to pick what music you're about to listen to," Cas says, intently studying Dean's profile, possibly for signs of malady. He's getting really good at performative disbelief, a trick he almost certainly learned from Sam.
Dean stares at him, dumbfounded, wondering how the fuck he's supposed to respond to that. Leave it to Cas to turn a conversation where he's trying to apologise into some larger theological point about atoms and Hell and whatever other insane shit he just said.
"I told him you asked me for advice about how to set things straight with him, because you care about him a lot and really want it to work out."
"No." Jonah shook his head. Any prior curiosity in him was gone; he was obstinate once more, unwilling to accept the truth. "No. The Michael Sword is commanding you to say this. It's telling you to lie—"
"Obviously," he muttered. He cast a glance towards where he thought Dean might be. "You can't take him."
Eventually he gets over himself enough that he doesn't look two seconds away from eating a bucket of ice cream and watching a weepy Hallmark special. Shuffling out of his room and doing his best not to look completely pathetic, Dean wanders into the War Room and finds that Charlie's already arrived, her sleepover bag slumped on the table. He must have missed the grating sound of the door over his meltdown.
Cas nodded, though it was more in acknowledgement than agreement. It was difficult to tell whether he was done speaking or merely thinking through his next words, so Dean wandered further into the office.
"Be grateful for the dry spell," Bobby replied, unconcerned. Dean could hear him refilling his glass. "Been busy lately."
"Dean, you should sleep." His eyes drifted to the analogue clock in the corner of the room. It was past midnight.
Cemeteries, he decides, are in fact supposed to be visited at night. At least for the purposes of ganking.
"None, just—surprised." He lowered his voice further. "You seemed pretty pissed about it, last few weeks."
"You're getting pushy, you know," she tells him, but she's smiling as he finishes off the cigarette.
He shoves away from the crypt wall and looks around the cemetery, swallowing down the sudden tightness in his throat. There's nothing around here but headstones and shitty grass. And him.
Somehow this whole thing got turned around, and Cas is taking care of him again. Another debt he has to somehow pay back, another burden he has to make up for.
He knew this was coming, anyway, didn't he? This isn't a surprise to anybody, least of all him. He just never realised this would be the final straw, the last thing Cas was willing to put up with. He always thought he'd have more time, a few more fuck-ups under his belt, because that's always how it's been before. Cas deals with the fact that he's chained to a fundamentally broken human being, and he does so with a smile on his face because he's just that swell of a guy. Except now, Dean had the bright idea to ask him out, stop sleeping with him for reasons he still can't fathom, and then almost get himself killed on a basic bitch of a case. That Cas is even still here at all is a miracle. He should count himself lucky he hasn't packed up and moved out of state.
Dean doesn't care about that topic so he tunes it out. He closes his eyes instead, concentrating on the warmth of Cas' palm on his chest. God, his hands are so large… large and strong….
"Yeah, like buying each other presents or cooking breakfast. Cleaning an old bunker you don't even live in—"
"Dean, it's already eight. It's gonna be dark soon. And you're—" She waves her hand at him, like nothing else needs to be said. "We'll get up at dawn and try tomorrow."
Dean lies back against one of the queens, pacing his breathing and doing his very best to keep as still as possible. It's amazing what lying alone in a dark room without moving or speaking can do for your health.
quickly—it was a trivial task of locating them in spacetime. Human beings resided in the lower dimensions, as did their thoughts, as did their bodies on Earth. To situate his vessel in their immediate vicinity was a task so inconsequential that Castiel had never bothered being proud of the ability.
Howdy again everyone. I was originally going to make this fic longer than seven chapters, but there’s no way to split this last arc up in a way that makes sense, so the last two chapters are gonna be behemoths lol
How many is that now? Four people? If he keeps this up, watching people storm out of whatever room he's in is gonna become a competitive sport. Dean Winchester, Friendship-Ruiner gold medalist.
"Dude, it's no big deal, really." Cas went back to looking at nothing in particular, and Dean used the opportunity to stare recklessly at him. Even his hands, normally loose and arranged carefully at his sides, were balled into fists, his knuckles pressing whitely against his skin.
"Charlie will be here soon," Cas explains. He's at the end of their bed—Dean's bed, this is Dean's room, Cas just stays in it—packing a duffel bag, and Dean is sitting there, letting him do it.
Dean glances around the room, blinking rapidly. There's blood caught in his eyelashes, and he brings both hands up to wipe at his face. His fingers are shaking. "What the fuck," he repeats to himself.
Theo retracted the blade a moment later, and Castiel felt one of his mangled wrist bones break through the skin of his arm when he collapsed away, gasping for breath.
"What the hell are you doing?" he asks, watching Cas lift himself out of the grave like it was nothing. His face heats. "Dude."
He doesn't have to, is the thing. Cas already sleeps in his bed. If Dean's really lucky, they use the bed for other stuff.
"Huh? Oh. Uh, yeah." He glances at the vacated space where he'd been laying before, the perfect little nook in between the couch and Cas' side, and points to it pathetically. "Can I, um—"
"No," Castiel said, and hurried to continue as incredulity spread across Dean's face. "It's too dangerous."
It's not quite dark out yet, but the yard is pretty deserted. He spots a beat cop near the other end of the crime scene, but he looks exhausted and bored out of his mind, and he doesn't even bother looking in Dean's direction as he tiptoes his way towards the line of mausoleums.
It had been a long time since someone had responded this way to a simple kiss from him. Frantic and hungry, not just to be touched but to be touched by Dean specifically. It ignited something deep inside him, and when he opened his mouth to press his tongue gently against Cas' lower lip, he felt himself shudder at the moan it drew out of him.
"Get this over with?" Cas repeats. He's standing way too still. "That's what you think we need to do? To 'get this over with'?"
He knew Dean was aroused—he was extremely aware of the erection pressing against the fabric of his pajama pants. Castiel smiled faintly, placing a hand on Dean's knee. His eyes darted down to it, lips parting faintly in an exhale. The response sent a thrill through him, but he forced himself to focus on the conversation at hand.
"Tessa—" He looked around the room, searching for the locus of Dean's spirit. In the corner, perhaps, buffeting against the walls. Of course he would try to escape, to keep fighting. "How did you get in here? The cell is warded."
His eyes fluttered closed. Their kissing was less tentative now, more familiar, and Dean's hands were warm and broad on his arms. The experience was still no less revelatory.
Dean looks away from his laptop, eyes already aching, and frowns across the library table at Cas, who has his nose buried in his phone. "You're popular today."
"I still have to repair my Grace," he said with a slight frown. "It's an involved process. It will take time."
"I can supervise," Cas offered, watching Dean struggle to get out of the chair. He stepped around the mess on the floor to reach out for him, but Dean waved him off.
But his Grace was a fickle thing these days. The abuse it had suffered meant he needed to dedicate higher order parts of himself to accomplish what had once been reflexive, instant. The human brain did not require conscious thought to understand that the flame on a stovetop was not to be touched; Castiel did not—should not—expect any effort on his part to produce his vessel on Earth at the appropriate coordinates in spacetime.
He gave Dean an exasperated look, but it was hard to maintain when Dean grinned back at him. He moved away from the dresser and stood in front of Castiel, tossing his flannel on the bed next to him. He held out his hand in offering, and Cas took it, though he didn't stand up.
The game plan is pretty simple. He's sure that Jody and Charlie did a decent job of clearing the crypts, but he needs to check their work to make sure they can actually rule out the mausoleums. Trust but verify, and all that. And if it turns out that the ghouls really aren't using the cemetery grounds for their nest, then, well, he'll burn that bridge when he gets to it.
He avoids Cas at dinner, which isn't difficult to do when there are three other people eating with them. Sam makes that even easier by setting up his movie projector and plugs his laptop into it so they can all watch Netflix on the war room's wall while they bulldoze their way through half a dozen boxes of pizza.
The vice grip Cas has on his hips is almost painful, and still he wants him to go harder, press deeper. Dean's greying out from the white-hot thrill of every rock of his hips, every mumbled instance of his own name from Cas' lips. His brain empties out of everything, every coherent thought he's ever had or will ever have. It's only Cas, only the next strike of their hips together. Closer, now, the head of Dean's dick rubs against Cas' stomach, and he can feel his skin slicking with pre-come. He's so close—
"I had a cigar once," Dean says, smiling faintly. "I was fourteen. Gave the janitor at school ten bucks for one."
Dean stops short, boots scraping loudly on the rough fabric of the front hall carpet, and catches sight of Cas. He's standing in the living room, inspecting the blood all over the floor with an unreadable expression on his face. There's some splattered on Jody's couch, too, and a few spots on the walls that had been missed in the initial clean up. One of the lampshades has a massive crack in it, and the coffee table is piled up with random shit, including his. Dean can only imagine what kind of mess the room had been in before.
"You said…." Sam trailed off, eyes restless on the road, searching for things to avoid. "You said vampirism isn't a disease."
Whatever they'd given him at the hospital was really fucking good. So good that he needs two people to help him walk from the car to their room. His legs are rubber, and the asphalt keeps rising up to meet him with every unsteady step he takes.
"Hey," he said with a breathless laugh, waving a weak hand before letting it fall back to the bed. "No sweat. You can finger my soul as often as you want if it's gonna be like that."
"You're fucked in the head," he informs Cas, letting his head fall back onto the pillow. One track mind, this guy. Dean usually appreciates it, but Christ if he isn't persistent. And Cas is
Cas sighs, palms planting flat on the table in front of him, like he's bracing himself for something. "I've heard that having a tactile hobby helps ground you to your body."
"We'll fix it tomorrow," Dean says dismissively. "I meant, like—you said you talked to Rowena about it as a hobby."
"Cas is moving the bed again," is all Claire reports, bent low as she roots around the mostly-empty fridge before coming back up with two juice boxes and a water bottle.
"This is fucking ridiculous," Dean snarled, and grew angrier at his uncaring audience. "Why don't you put a bag over my head while you're at it?"
"I'll have to talk to Jody about that," Cas mutters, studying the takeout container in his lap. They bought lunch from a local place along the beach strip. According to the owner, it's the best lasagna in Michigan, and from the smell alone Dean knows she wasn't just blowing smoke up their asses about it.
"Dean," he groans, the word rumbling in his throat. The tension drains from his body almost immediately, leaning into Dean in a way he's refrained from doing for weeks. Cas has a fistful of Dean's shirt, the other hand on his bicep. The stubble on Cas' neck is rough against his mouth, and God has he ever missed this. Dean kisses a wet line down the column of his throat, pausing occasionally to suck at the skin, relishing the noises it pulls out of Cas. He's careful to not leave any hickies—Cas needs to be brought fully on board for that kind of treatment.
"No," he says automatically, and then considers her question. "No," Dean says again, more confidently this time. "I mean, we did sort of, just before you got here, but not like—we aren't fighting, or anything."
"I didn't even realise you were gone for like an hour," Charlie says. "I went to some shitty bar for a drink. I called Cas, and then I called Stevie to bitch to her about everything that was going on, and then by the time I got back and saw the car wasn't there, you were probably already in the sewers."
He hears her toss the Impala's keys on the table under the window. "Oh, you're awake. How are you feeling?"
"So, so easy," the ghoul says again. It lets go of his hands and then grabs his chin, fingers digging into Dean's jaw. It's not a chokehold, but it could very quickly become one. "Be nice, and I'll keep you sedated."
Dean stops chewing for a second. "Oh. Okay." He grabs a napkin and wipes his mouth as Cas mulls something over.
"Are you alright?" Cas asks, suddenly worried, and he's moving away, like he wants to give him space again. Dean grabs his hips, keeping him in place.
"The archives," Dean sputters, relieved and devastated at his choice of words. "I haven't started on them yet. Thought I'd do a little bit before bed. You game?"
"God, you really are a Jedi." Dean shifted on the bed, looking at Cas up and down, as if for the first time. There was something akin to anticipation in his eyes. "Will it feel good?"
"That!" he said, waving a hand at her. "I am of no use to anybody until my Grace is repaired. Until then—"
Dean hopes he doesn't fall asleep like that, spread face-down on the bed; even wearing jeans and a t-shirt, it's a dangerously tantalising view, and nothing is stopping him from staring. Were Cas' thighs always that thick around?
Cas rocks his hips, and the both of them groan. Dean closes his eyes, feeling the fury of his heartbeat throb in his dick. He wants to touch himself so badly, but that means letting go of Cas, and he's not quite prepared to give that up yet.
In a few quick strides, Dean closed the distance between them. Castiel's reflexes were quick enough to anticipate the approach, to easily push him back without effort, but Dean's hands were cupping his face and Dean's mouth was pressing into his own, and all he could do was lean into him, to grip him tight and arch into every ounce of warmth and skin that was being offered. The kiss now was different—it was rough and frantic, advancing far too quickly for Castiel to keep up with every shift of Dean's lips or scrape of his teeth or darting of his tongue. It was exactly the way Cas had been aching to kiss Dean, to be kissed by him, and it was enough to make him lightheaded with relief.
"No, no," he assures him, cupping his jaw and kissing him, once, twice. "You're good. But it's kinda like shooting a gun." He kisses him again. "You keep getting better and better at it."
"Take small sips," Castiel instructed, and Dean was compliant as he was pulled into a sitting position. His earlier fury wasn't gone, but rather vacant, pushed to the margins to make room for how violently ill he was.
"I don't have the strength to revive the both of you if you die again," Castiel told him as they wound through the hallways, careful to avoid falling debris. "And I can't count on my siblings to be in good shape, either."
