“Captain Rogers entered the Tower less than five minutes ago. As I said, he has requested permission to see Doctor Banner. I was about to rely his request.”
There’s something cold and hungry about the man. As the lift settles on the upper level, Tony says, “Why the 21st family tree? What were you looking at other than the omega who cut out his own bonding gland?”
“This makes you a god damned criminal. This is against Helsinki. It’s against the Belmont Report. Everything, everything,” Tony said and swept his arm in a chopping motion. What the hell was he going t do? His parents had been dead for years and off short accounts that Tony had inherited had financed this prison cell, this torture chamber. He was responsible. Him – Tony Stark.  “Everything you have done here is illegal.” He turned to Happy and ordered, “Get that man out of there.” He shifted his attention to Sawyer completely ignoring the conceited look on Rumlow’s face. “You, help him. And don’t talk unless you are required to.” Without pause he addressed Pepper, “Get the downloads started. It might take a while considering the age of the equipment. If it’s impossible to download, we’ll dismantle and take the hard drives out.”
Tony shakes his head. “Say my name.” It’s not a demand, but a plea as if all these years people have only seen him as one thing. A royal, a prince, and not a man.
“I particularly like this one,” Rumlow said and retrieved something from his belt that looked like a ball gag. He snapped it in the air. “I don’t like to be disturbed while I work, and your panting and whining has got to go.” He took out his shock baton and held it in front of Steve’s face. “Open.”
Now as they presented the truth to their team mates a rustle of doubt shivered through Tony, a whisper of a coming storm through the thicket of trees. Should they have decided to do it this way? Should they have tried at all? Would the team still follow Steve?
“There’s always someone worse,” Steve states. He’s seen what’s worse and he never wants to see it again. “We face what’s coming and we do it together. We find a way through it.”
Steve turns to see Natasha with her arms crossed and a penetrating expression on her face waiting for an answer. “I -I. Can we talk in private?”
“Tony, we’ve spent the better part of a month together, night and day. We’ve eaten together, I’ve helped you pick out clothes, I tied your tie. I take care of you during your migraines. I’ve tried to be a good Personal Assistant, but also, a friend. I thought. That’s on me, I always end up blurring professional and personal relationships, that’s my fault. Not yours. I’m sorry.” The splurge of dialogue ends and Steve gulps in two quick breaths before releasing them in a low exhale. “Sorry, I shouldn’t have said any of that.”
Steve doesn’t know when he became so practical as well as so very desperate in his own abilities. He keeps thinking he’s going to fail at this endeavor. But if he does, he’ll bring Tony down with him and that’s just unacceptable. He doesn’t sleep much the first week. It’s too overpowering, the anxiety that he’s not fit for the job. He needs to study as much as possible, he needs to watch all the videos online. He needs to finish the panels for Jane and Thor otherwise he’ll have nothing to fall back on.
“I suppose.” Tony chews on the hard mush, relishing it while the tears wet his eyes. He doesn’t know why every morning when he eats he cries, but he does. Yinsen sits next to him on the cot and grips his shoulder with one hand, his other holds his own bowl of oats. Every morning they go through this ritual. Every morning, Tony finds a way to survive the rest of the day.
The absurdity of flying with a full grown male lion sweeps over him like the wind playing with the beast’s mane. Tony finds something both exotic and comforting about it; he’s almost lost in the haze of the surrealistic feelings overwhelming him when JARVIS chimes in.
Steve doesn’t seem ruffled by it, and Tony can’t but imagine Blu shaking out his mane exasperated with him. “Maybe it’s some kind of magic.”
“Moving,” Tony muttered and then fell silent. Steve hadn’t a clue as to how to interpret Tony’s reaction. He seemed less stunned or curious but more solemn as if he hadn’t considered that the team wouldn’t end up disappearing and dissolving after the Battle of New York. “Really?”
“You ready?” Bucky says and thinks about his arm – losing it and the pain. Never – it was never as bad as this and Bucky tries not to consider who he’s bringing home, if it is even Steve anymore.
“What is it now, boy?”  Howard lifted his head from his folded arms. His eyes were bloodshot and wet.
Steve cradles his face with his hand. His blood streams down his injured arm, puddling across Tony’s wounds like a benediction of their love. He cries as he holds onto Tony. “It should have been me. It should have been-.” His tears are stained red and they streak down his face. He kisses Tony and the pain dissipates.
“Right now, the trial isn’t in the cards for Tony. He’s not a good subject for the trial. Plus, the surgery to remove the implant is risky enough.”
As Steve opens his mouth to question Tony, but Clint picks that time to finally shows up with Thor in tow. “Sheriff.”
She gestures for him to follow her. The hallways are narrow passageways. “This is it. I’ve already programmed it to read your implant. Please.” She points for him to enter first.
“This wasn’t my intention,” Clint said. It should have been said with conviction. Tony heard it at the start of the sentence but it petered out, worn and feeble.
“Well, that was a little too Deus ex Machina for me. I hope she stays out of our heads now,” Tony remarks as he checks around the corner again. “It’s clear. I don’t know what Ultron’s planning right now. He’s not chasing us.”
“He’s that important to the whole of this world and the universe. Save him and save yourself, let him flounder, look for revenge and fall into hate, well, let’s just say the Red Skull’s got a nice chamber down there with your name on it.” Fury smiles with a glare that reminds Steve of a demon.
The amusement riled Tony even further. “What the hell? No, you’re bonded now. To me, to all of us, you can’t throw your life away like that anymore. You can’t pilot planes into the ocean or even take on Hydra all by yourself – and I don’t care that you had Nat and Sam. Sam was new to all of this and Nat was injured if I remember correctly. No, you don’t get to do this without the pack’s okay.”
Clint takes it as a challenge and over the next hour they trade the bow back and forth, slamming the target in the center repeatedly. It’s almost like watching someone play themselves at chess. Steve drifts away from the contest and toward the house, searching the horizon of corn fields for the next level of the rims. He remembers Tony going over the details of what they were able to glean regarding Ultron’s existence in the internet.
“An’Rossi is a damned jerk,” Tony says. “We have to figure this out. Strategy is our friend, sweetcakes. Have An’Pe’terus take the helm. He needs the practice.”
“Not to me,” Tony says. “For years I had a friends with benefits thing going on with Pepper. We even talked about getting married, but I couldn’t see hurting her every time I went through cycle.  I love you and I want you to be more than just my omega.”
“Repeat itself?” Tony quelled his immediate reaction, but lowered his voice as he said, “I am not a child. He’s not going to have me chasing him around like a duckling. He’s not going to get the best of me. He can’t.” Steven looked dubious but the amount of care and worry stopped Tony’s reactionary response. Instead he tried to soften his words. “Did you see? He doesn’t even have a warrior at his side,” Tony said, and maybe that was a little over confident but the fact that Estane had showed up without an omega warrior spoke volumes to the others in their society. An omega warrior is more than a status symbol, more than a security guard. The life blood of their society depended on the alpha and omega bond. For a strong, powerful omega to bond with an alpha showed the worth of the alpha. Estane without an omega demonstrated to society his worthlessness. “And I would hardly say I love the man.”
“In your bed?” Steven asks as if he thinks that Tony means to have him sleep on the floor. It wouldn’t be the first time. Any time Tony sleeps in the presentation room, Steven has a pile of blankets on the floor at the foot of the bed to curl up on and sleep – like a dog. Tony flinches at the thought. He never meant to be cruel – or did he? He learned everything, how to act, what to do – all from Estane.
“Maybe,” Tony said and doubted very much he would ever have a child. A family wasn’t really in the cards for someone like him. He knew that even at his very young age.
He turns to the counter, the bar, and reaches for a glass but his hand as it grips the tumbler trembles so much that he can’t pick it up. Instead, he pushes the heels of his hands into his eyes and tries to settle his brain. “What the fuck is happening?” He cannot parse his reaction or his mixed up emotions. Steven is right, and Tony wants to punish him for speaking out of turn, but at the same time he’s proving Steven’s point.
“Well soul packs are kind of new thing for all of us according to Strange. It’s weird thinking about how our lives changed because he played with time. How soul bonds and packs are a thing we all accept as real now, but only a few years ago they never existed and we didn’t know about them.” Bruce led him down the hallway to the laboratory. Steve glanced around with a wash of guilt at the mess. Bruce seemed to read his mind. “Don’t worry about it. I think I’m going to start meditating again. It’ll help both of us. Calm our link.”
“There could be others, but they’re minor,” Tony says. “I wouldn’t put it past Estane to make a major play. He doesn’t have a leg to stand on. He doesn’t have a family name, no legacy. Sure, he’s an alpha, but I’m a prime and a dom. There’s nothing he has on me. I have the firepower and the name.” Tony reaches over and grasps Steven’s arm. “And I have you. What alpha is going to fight me when I have the omega from the Uprising under my control? That is a coup in and of itself!”
Bruce looks at Logan and then at Tony. “Just to update you we contacted Reed Richards and he let us listen in on a recording of Steve asking him about the Ornari.”
“I know,” Steve said and recalled the moments he struggled to cut off the bonds, to isolate himself. His actions, he’d told himself, were altruistic. He hated the idea of any of his pack being subjected to the pain, the loss, the trauma of separation from everything he loved. He knew how that was, had experienced the bitter taste of isolation.
“It is,” Steve said. As if reading his mind – and maybe he did – Steve added, “Don’t think this has anything to do with you, Tony. My own failings here are mine. It takes time to wipe away thought patterns and habits.”
“The point is you didn’t have to. You could have come to us, to me. To Steve, for God’s sake.” Tony sank down and bowed his head. “What have you done, Barton?”
The horrors starts to settle in as Bucky thinks maybe he’s too late, maybe Steve’s dead, maybe the Red Skull finally turned him. There’s nothing to be done, the one true and honest person, his one hope in this life is ruined, gone, devoured by the dark side. The anger boils over him but the sorrow eats it away. Yet the cackle of the bird jogs him out of his self-hatred and there’s Redwing – sitting on one of the little barred window ledges near the end of the cell block.
Cho surrenders to her like so many others in her past. Sometimes it breaks her a little inside to see it.
“We pay you a ransom sum,” Tony states and rolls over onto Steve’s lap, his bare ass revealed by the drape of the sheet.
“Yeah,” he replied. Tony needed to understand, needed to allow Steve the space and time to adjust to his new normal. He couldn’t fixate on the probabilities of what if and how or when in their relationship, he needed to step back and allow it to grow on its own.
Strange considers the medics and they bow out, leaving from the front of the plane. “You’re Mister Stark’s personal assistant, correct.”
“Is safe. Tony didn’t even ask about him,” Natasha replies. “T’Challa is not going to let anyone touch Bucky, you know that.” She waits as if she has something else to say. He doesn’t invite her, but then that never stopped Natasha. “Why you did this, I cannot imagine. But how you felt, well, I think you should know it’s gutted him.”
“I think we should set up a rotating schedule,” Steve says. “I’ll start. I’m going to be sleeping in the couch over there anyhow. Then Vision, Pietro, Wanda, and then me again. Two hours each. If anything questionable happens at all, anything, wake me up. We’ll call the doctor.”
“What exactly is that supposed to mean?” Tony asked and crossed his arms over his chest. Not only his body language, everything about the man screamed closed and hurt. Steve had to brace himself just to look at Tony.
“In the soul bond?” Steve asked. “That – darkness?” He swallowed back his fear at the feeling, at losing Clint.
Steve wraps his arms around Tony and lays his head on his shoulder. “Of course, I did it for you, Tony. Of course.”
“Is this really necessary?” Steve glanced over at the weights, at the rest of the workout equipment. He’d come here to beat away his sorrows, to recover from the passage of time that he had no control over. He hadn’t come to hide. Or had he?
“No, I’m not moving on this one, Buck. We just settled down. This is a good town for us.” He shifts and tries to get off the cot, but Bucky pushes him back and sits on a stool next to the bed.
“It was as much as I deserved. Your daughter is growing up without you because I couldn’t do better. I couldn’t stop Thanos, I couldn’t listen to my own promise.” The same old ache blossoms in his chest again.
Steven glances up at him, his blue eyes dark in their aspect. “I assure you, my lord, I know that the artificial intelligence has more rights than I do.”
Tony hears a shuffling not far from him and it makes no sense. He’s not firing on all cylinders. His brain fells thick, like old oil in a seizing engine. Opening his eyes, he tries to glimpse what’s making the sound when he notes a shadow cast over him, then a velvety touch of a tongue strokes up the side of his face.
“And what does that make you? Fugitives on the run. Wakanda can’t hold us forever, not forever. They’re going to have to ask us to leave. T’Challa cannot have his country under siege by a world that’s turned so negatively against people like us.” Steve looks over the green, the thick life of the jungle around them. Even the beauty of the cities are held within its cradle. Everything about Wakanda reminds him of a storybook. “I’ve been responsible for enough. I won’t be responsible for more that will tear what remains apart.”
JARVIS does and then man walks a few feet toward Tony. Only 20 feet separate them now. He says, “Why do you want the lion?”
“That’s good of her, of them,” Steve said. He should be out there, fighting the good fight. But what fight did he have left in him? He glanced down at his wrists. The memory of the shackles still haunted him. It had only been a day. How could a day take everything away? He shouldn’t ask that question. Steve was, after all, only human, regardless of what Shuri said. “I should have been there with them.”
She fiddles with the cap of the tube and, one handed, manages to pop the cork. With the other hand she lifts Steve’s head. He’s still delirious with his fevered dream, but he cracks his eyes open and starts mumbling, “Natasha.”
She must give Steve the small transponder that she holds in her pocket at all times. Dummy works off it as do the glasses and other devices Tony designed.
“You told me that he killed them. You knew!” Tony says and a flash of anger rushes through his features.
Steve shuffled through the plans on the table in front of them. Their ache for him leaked through the bond. “It’s not a question of whether or not I can do it, Sam. I will. Don’t doubt that.”
Tony slips off the glasses, saying goodbye to his sight. The wash of too white light overcomes him for a moment before he’s able to blink away the fear. “Take these. Do you have my regular sunglasses?”
“Neither did I,” Tony said. “And if I hadn’t answered, I’m not sure what the hell or how the hell I would have felt. But let me tell you the call was immediate and urgent.”
It took minutes for him to come down from the ecstasy that filled him. Steve remained in a moment of expectation and thrill, though. Tony moved off his cock, and then laid him down and watched him. His eyes rolled back, but slightly lidded. His mouth open in a silent cry of bliss, his cock rigid and straight, the slit open wide, aching for release. With a brush of his nail against it, Tony smiled and bent over it. He flicked it with his tongue and then with the slightest touch of his teeth to cause a small yet painful slice, released the cure into his blood stream. Steve jerked in final conclusion of his climax and Tony’s mouth filled with semen. Steve cried out and then wept as his orgasm rode over him, demolishing him.
Tony shrugs. Steve feels the movement more than sees it. “Sesame Street character. Little, red, annoying as hell.”
That’s when Steven shifts his eyes and his stare penetrates Tony – and for long moments he feels as if he’s the one who is naked. “It all means something to me, my lord. All of it.”
“I can’t have that bastard in my house. You invited him into the pack. You!” Tony pointed at Steve. “You – this god damned soul pack gave me this fucking gift.” Tony tore at his hair. “I felt her die. I felt the bones in her throat pop and crack.” He gagged and a sob broke free. Steve went to his feet and stepped up to him, but Tony shoved him away. “What do you expect me of? I’m not a damned saint. I can’t forgive him. Never. And you did this to me. You gave me this fucking memory because of this.” He jabbed at the mark on his arm that ran up under his shirt to his chest.
When he walked out to the main living room of his apartment in the Tower, Thor greeted him. He wore casual clothes similar to Steve’s, only his t-shirt was red in color. His hair was pulled back and he offered his hand. Steve took it in a firm grasp and then Thor reeled him in to hug him. With a slap on the back, Thor said, “I must admit, my friend, I have missed you.”
Even Sam whistled in disbelief at the design and layout of the apartment. “He really got you down to a T.”
Steven turned around to look at Thor. His chest bare, he only wore his boxer shorts. “Sure, Thor. We’re team mates.”
“They usually aren’t staying long,” Coulson says but he’s already lost the fight and deflates a degree. “When can you install a lock?”
Steve found himself closing his eyes and letting the words wash over him. The audacity of the way Tony spoke the Mantra, not with reverence but with a challenge, a dare in his tone, filled Steve with pride. Tony wasn’t going to be cowed by the idea of a soul bond, of the universe’s hold on him. Instead, he thumbed his nose at it. Steve kind of loved it. He followed the words until their inevitable end.
“I see more than a playboy, more than a technocrat, more than an alpha in you. You’re willing to hear me,” Steven says and his hands are on either side of Tony’s face. He could crush Tony in an instant. But he doesn’t. He draws him to the gland and says, “Drink.”
“No, go to bath – find meds,” she says and looks a little more wild eyed than he would like considering she’s the person he’s depending on to help the guy he was just interrogating about Steve.
The computer blinks and the initialization program runs - it won't finish on time. They are going to be too late and Tony's going to cook in a tin can. "We won't make it, the initialization program isn't finished."
What he read through the link he shared with Steve had startled him. The loneliness might have been expected from Steve, but the pure isolation, the alienation from the world around him, stunned Tony. Reaching out to Steve had been instinctual and he had assumed that Steve would pull away. Yet he hadn’t, not physically. He allowed Tony to touch him, to hold his hand as they sat by the fire. The communion of their bond tightened then, Tony felt it. He hadn’t known if Steve experienced it, but as when Steve closed the space between them it because crystalline clear that their bond was meant to be something more. Beloved had a special connotation. Not just a Companion or a Lover, but a soul mate, a heart mate.
Tony forks the strawberry in his fruit bowl. He keeps a finger of his other hand over the lip of the bowl to find the fruit. He can tell what the fruit is by the size and the texture as he stabs it. “How about a motorcycle and you drive.”
The fog of pain slowly lifts and Steve squints his eyes at Tony, who bends over him with a thick wade of gauze to his gut.  The pressure hurts but it’s not as bad as the fractured cheek. “Wha-?” His ability to form words fails him.
Tony stepped closer and the red around them swirled. “No. I won’t let you do this. You’re – we’re together now.” He reached out into the red darkness. It froze his hands – he would have guessed it was warm, but it wasn’t. Not at all. “You said you wouldn’t let me sacrifice, but what you’re doing now – what you’re attempting to force. It’s worse, so much worse. Steve, I’m you’re Beloved, but you’re mine as well.” Now he found tears obscuring his view of Steve. Everything smeared with crimson. “You’re taking away the most important person, the most significant thing that’s ever happened to me. How can you do this? How heartless can you be?” Tony knew the words speared through Steve’s heart. If he hadn’t seen it on his face, he surely shared the emotion with him as it rippled out, painful and searing.
“Sir, my position always has been and always will be to protect liberty and freedom. For me that includes all the people, and, yes, vampires are people, in this good country.” Steve wished he had the good sense to be that perfect soldier, but the fact remained that he would always be an imperfect soldier.
Steve stammers over his reply. The mentions of Thor and Loki throws him off his game. Suddenly he wonders if the king knows Steve’s true identity. Is he engaged in a conversation with Steve in order to discover an avenue back into the good graces of his wayward sons?
It had been with great sadness they had buried the one Colonel who'd saved them, Colonel Phillips. With the Jedi Scholars the archive moved, they stayed on the run for years. Both Steve and Bucky had been born on the run, in ships as they stayed well hidden from the turbulence of the galaxy. With the rise of the First Order, the Scholars secured a quiet planet away from the prying eyes of the rest of the galaxy again, waiting for the right time to reveal themselves. They faded from memory, became myth and legend. No one knew of the Jedi and their secret archive.
Obie stops Tony in his tracks before he enters the box. He grabs hold of Tony’s shoulders and looks directly at him. “This isn’t any game of checkers, son. This is chess on a grand scale. If you become a pawn of some other system, what happens then to your big dreams after the war. Think about the bigger picture here, Tony. We have to play a long term strategy.”
“Little longer, little longer,” Tony said and urged Steve deeper into his need by lapping at nipple, by nipping him along his chest.
Instead of taking the bait though, Natasha quirked an eyebrow and said, “Tony Stark retired from fame and glory. Never thought I’d see the day.”
“-nearly killed you, Steve.” He thinks the second voice is Natasha, but it echoes in his head and it hurts.
“No, you won’t. You barely remember to eat,” Pepper says and then tells JARVIS to order him food. He doesn’t want food, he wants Steve. “Tony, what happened?”
Tony settled on the couch only an arm’s length from Steve. “It’s weird. We might not be a team that’s been so close over the last couple of years, but the truth is we’ve all been circling around you, haven’t we?”
She nods and hands over the quilt to him. “You deliver this to him, and tell Peter to come on home. He needs to do some chores, his uncle is under the weather.”
“Thank God I didn't have to see that.” Tony snickers as he scampers across the bedroom to the ensuite.
Wong exhausts his explanations of the Pym particles along with the virotherapy when Tony chimes in to comment, “The particles aren’t smart enough, are they?”
“The deal,” Ross says and steps toward them, closing the meter gap. “Is interrogate him, not debrief. If we don’t get to interrogate, then his accomplices including the spy-.” He nods toward Natasha who stands behind them. “-won’t receive pardons and will receive prison sentences.”
He appreciates it and thanks her. She keys open the lock and he enters the room. She follows him. The bed is in the corner of the room. It’s small – probably only a double. With pillows and the perfunctory blankets. There’s a rack above the bed that connects to the headboard. Even as he examines it from afar the ache in his groin grows and he needs to hold back a gasp. Across from the bed is the main rack – showcase of metal, leather, and chains. She shows him the rack.
Getting to his tiny bathroom, Steve turns on the shower, strips and glances down at his body. Thank God he doesn’t have any marks. He doesn’t think he slept with Thor. He hopes to hell he didn’t. He steps into his minuscule shower, cleans as quickly as he can, scrubbing away the filth of the bars they must have visited last night. His eyes ache like he bathed them in alcohol. He finishes but the grime clings to him. He brushes his teeth as he hears a large groan from the living room.
“I’ll be there to support you, Tony. I will.” He clasps Tony’s hand to his lower belly. It’s wet with come but there’s something decadent about it.
“You know, it’s been a while, a long while since I thought of that night.” Tony’s voice softens. “It was a night like this. We were at a party, big one. Holiday. Mom was so happy because she convinced someone – maybe you all might remember – to donate a fashionably high amount to the Foundation. Howard – well, you all knew Howard.”
Tony twisted around to meet Steve’s eyes. “No, thank God, no. But it feels – I mean the decorations, the bed, the furniture – it feels like home.”
“If you say so,” Tony said, and the elevator doors closed. For several moments he remained quiet but then he turned to Steve and asked, “How do you do that? I mean, you see yourself as Captain America or Steve Rogers.  Not one and the same. Me? I’m Iron Man, but the suit and I are one.”
“I’m not asking you to do anything right now. Just give it a chance, okay? Just look at these papers and tell me if you can try and see through it.” Steve pointed to the papers on Tony’s work bench. “I’m not asking for a miracle. I just-. I thought you might understand. After thinking about it -.” He hesitated for a moment before he added, “Last night, I knew I had to come to you and be direct.”
“Do you really want to know? Do you want to know all of my secrets?” Steve scoffs and swallows harsh bile. “You don’t want to know, Tony. You may have hated me once, but you’ll loathe me if I even mention it.”
Next to the stream he finds Blu. He hops over to his lion and, without fear, settles into his mane like he’s nesting. The softness of his mane comforts Tony as a corvid crow. This time the lion remains silent as does he. They sit quietly together. They are always meant to be together regardless of their shapes, sizes, species, or time. He knows this into the hollow of his bird bones. Something menacing quakes the ground and Blu stands up in the darkness upsetting Tony’s perch. He takes flight and sees the light coming for them through the wooded path. Tony caws and warns Blu.
“The boss, you know, he’s trying to do the right thing. But I see what the other factions do, how they depend on him but at the same time use him to their own ends. It’s my job to make sure he’s safe and I’ll do it. Do it until they take me down.” Happy’s vehemence is both honorable and disturbing.
"Sure, she's waiting for you. I had tea and cookies served. Aunt Peggy was never proper but she likes things done right." Sharon giggles and he can do nothing but agree with her.
Steve wasn’t lying when he said he was good with his hands. He weaves the wire through the slots and works it into the core as Tony directs. Their foreheads are nearly touching as they work. It takes time to get every wire in place. Tony tells him where each belong, and then he’s able to sew the wires to the right housing. After, he twists each into place and finally, that task is complete. By the time they are finished, Tony settles back on his stool and looks wan, and quakes a bit.
This causes Tony to beam. “You and me both.” He offers his hand to Steve as he climbs to his feet. “I think a stroll will be wonderful.”
“Come on, you’ll love it. I swear! I always wanted to sled as a kid, but lord only knows I was sick every single winter. Even the tiny hill in the park where Buck and Arnie used to go, I never made it. Never once. Come on, please!” He gives Tony a pathetic and very manipulative expression.
Maria answered, “They were victims in a war several years ago, leaving them orphaned and living on the streets. From what we can gather from the SHIELD data dump -.” Hill glanced Natasha’s way for a second and then turned back to Steve. “They were recruited by SHIELD – but it was really Hydra probably. For experiments.”
Steve nods and then heads back to the laboratory, his mind a jumble of self-inflicted accusations.  He forces himself to plan, to strategize what he needs to make things right instead of allowing his brain to loop around to everything that must have gone wrong. Once in the lab, he collects the other laptops, the external hard drives that Tony backed everything up on. The notes that Steve insisted on writing in real notebooks. He shoves everything into his large art portfolio. He looks up at his own computer, his drawings, his comic book that he’s been working on so diligently. There’s no room in the bag. He’ll come back. It’s too important to have the data – his art can wait.
He hears nothing but silence. Eventually sleep captures him and it is not a blessing. The dark creatures of the Boundaries follow him there. They hang in the shadows of his dream.  Skirting along as the world folds around him, curling up on the edges like paper burning. The world around him succumbs to the conflagration and he jerks awake only to find that Tony’s standing over him with a wet cloth. He presses the cool rag to Steve’s forehead.
He’d heard that language before – when his father started to introduce him to the philosophies behind the Movement. Tony assessed the guard. The man seemed capable, more so than Sawyer but there was a ruthlessness about him as well. That might be a good thing considering what Howard had saddled these men with over the years.
It looks like he’s in a luxury hotel as they pass the room with numbers on them and key locks. When they stop it is at the end of the hall and off in a corner. There’s a stairwell immediately opposite the room.
“Actually, no. Which is a whole new kettle of worms that we will need to review. Let’s put in a grievance, shall we?” Tony winks at her and she just grumbles in reply.
“You’re showing your age, Strange in front of the kid.” Tony digs his phone out of his pocket, presses the home button, and says, “Friday display new implant schematics.”
They find one another separated when the battle comes. Not by choice but by circumstance. Tony is in New York planning their wedding while Steve is in Wakanda checking on Bucky’s progress. When Thanos takes out half of the living organisms in the universe, Tony looks for Steve and he’s not there – they are lightyears apart. With no idea if Steve survived the great purge, Tony nearly surrenders to his hopelessness. When he sees Steve again waiting for him, he very nearly falls over from relief.
Once he’s finished with the wood, he slips the armor over his hand. It’s his injured hand and the brace of it stabilizes it. He aims the repulsor and fires. A flame ignites and their small campfire is ablaze. As the fire warms their small area, the flames flicker over the lion. The beauty of his mane is only matched by those unnaturally blue eyes. He gazes at Tony, waiting, watching as if he wants to say something.
God. He rolls his eyes. He needs to get his brain under control. Grabbing his phone, he checks the contacts.  Pepper had given him a list of Tony’s contacts for those just in case moments. He calls her first but fails to get in touch with her when he finds out that she’s in D.C. at a meeting for the company. The assistant asks if it’s an emergency and Steve decides it’s not.
Instead, his gaze fell upon the corner of the ward where a thin young man sat on the stool while he held the hand of a patient in the bed. His head bowed, and Tony distinguished small quiet sobs. He wept for the patient. The other patients faded from his view. He knew he should be looking for Steve amongst them, but the pain in his heart only increased when he laid eyes on the pair – the woman in the bed dying, the man at her side so clearly her son.
Emergency might be a stretch, considering it took T’Challa and Steve over three months to force the issue and cause the Security Council to demand a resolution by the VH Affairs group. It surprised Tony that the United States hadn’t vetoed the action, though it still might try and block any recommendations. Everyone was on edge. The world balanced on the tip of a knife – any moment it would topple. No one thought this meeting would change that, at least not in their delegation. The most they hoped for was a détente or at least an avenue to begin some talks. The situation in the US had spread to other vampire fearing countries and Tony had his doubts that revealing the Divini at this moment was a good idea. Even within their group they split along ideological lines. Natasha headed up a group that advocated for a strong, forceful statement which included threats to the populace. Steve opposed that method and pushed for a more civil presentation. With only a handful of Divini in the world, Tony advanced the thought that they still needed to lay low, regardless of what powers they had. Mobs could easily overwhelm them.
He stops fidgeting with the interface to the reactor. He needs to proof it in order to avoid the next time he gets an electric shock. “Say again?”
Steve doesn’t reply, doesn’t respond, and part of Bucky worries that he’s just not there. He might still breathe and still be here physically, but what broken automaton is he bringing back to the base? He can’t think about it, and so he shoves those concerns away and focuses on what he needs to do now. He whistles with a sharp cutting noise and Steve goes stiff but Redwing shoots up and perches on Bucky’s shoulder. Positioning himself so that his left metal arm is under Steve’s back and his right arm under his knees, Bucky lifts. He heaves and manages with effort to get to his feet. Although it’s difficult, Bucky perceives that the amount of weight Steve lost in the seventeen months of his incarceration is considerable. He doubts that any healer, Jedi or otherwise, will be able to offer the comfort and succor that Steve will need. It tears his soul to ribbons until he has to fight to even breathe himself. The anguish drowns him and steals the air from his lungs.
“Would we?” Natasha asked and then strolled out of the room not allowing him to quiz her on her meaning.
“Promise.” Tony couldn’t vocalize the rest. Everything – all the words – stuck in his throat and clogged up his senses until the rush of fears flowed over him. “Just promise.”
An image of Tony pops into his head and he turns his face away, trying to smother the yearning. He remembers the first time, how almost professional Tony was about the presentation, how easy it was for Steve to drop to his knees in front of him. How he wanted more than anything to be put into the cage.
He smiles but bows his head. She’s right, he’s feeding everyone arguments against the existence of Steve. He needs to get back there and find Steve – immediately. There’s only one way to do it.
She walked over to them and showed her empty hand to Tony. He nodded. A display of trust. Her hand glided under Steve’s chin and lifted it so that she looked into his glossy eyed stare. Deep. He was deep under and would stay there until Tony released him with a word and a shift in their mutual pheromones.
As he watches her intensity, he cannot help but tease her a bit. “Now pull it out, gently, and just make sure you don't touch the s-.”  The monitor to the side he’s hooked up to his chest to capture his vitals buzzes. He yelps and says, “Sides-.”
Happy nearly bumps into Tony as he stops in the hallway of the busy hospital. “They gave him a private room. Said they were going to bring in a psychologist or something to evaluate him.”
The white coated man, Reynolds said, “Don’t have them slice its throat open the next time. Makes it hard to harvest the feeding glands.”
“That’s good. Underneath it all, Fury is a good man,” Steve said and then stared at his wrist. He should have tried to invite Fury into the pack. He needed someone with strength, and the attitude to lead. It might take some of the pressure off him.
He surveys the party as he settles his bitterness and tries to ignore the burning heat of embarrassment on his face. “That’s kind of you to say, Sir.” He picks his words not only carefully but with some amount of attack. “Perhaps you would like to check your manifest for the trip to the Lemurian Star.”
Steve watched as the agents entered the elevator. Most didn’t make eye contact with him. If they did, it was a short nod and a swift look away. They gripped shock batons. It wasn’t unusual for agents to have batons, but it was strange for them to have them unholstered, ready to go. Steve glimpsed one agent with  sweat dripping down his temples. Steve counted them as the elevator stopped on different floors. Each time the elevator stopped more agents packed into it. Some were members of the Strike team, but others were dressed in suits. They were analysts – or pretending to be analysts. The air in the lift grew thick. The elevator stopped again. Rollins entered followed by more agents. Ten. The elevator closed. The agents encircled him. He had no choice.
“That’s not true,” Tony said. “You have Bucky.” It hurt; it hurt like hell to say it. But it was the truth and Natasha gave him a small nod to acknowledge his sacrifice.
“Well, if at first you don’t succeed.” He shoulders the backpack with the light lunch he packed and begins to scan the pathway ahead for any objects in the way. “Step down.”
His hand, his flesh and blood hand, felt the contours of muscle. Tony reached out and smoothed his hand down the side of a bicep, toward the pectoral muscle and into the abdominals. Though it was not perfect in touch, there were ragged tears, and aggravated wounds along the skin. He searched and explored. Oh, how he wanted to make love, but he didn’t reach for that. His glands hadn’t released the orgasm-inducing hormone. Only the paralytic had been injected into the bite so that he could partake in as much of the bountiful feast as he required.
Steve settles against the pillows and the moments together with Tony rush at him. It’s like a freight train. But that train – that train Bucky fell from – Steve will never forget or forgive himself. “You don’t understand everything.”
“Even as a little guy, I had deadly aim,” Steve mutters and tests the grip of the hook. It’s good and he steps up into the craggy rocks of the mountainside. He begins the ascent. It’s painfully slow and that means Hulk will definitely catch up to them and probably try and pull them down.
“You won’t even see me. You don’t want to talk to me. You stand-.” He pointed to the balcony. “You run away from me.”
Steve relaxes and is more than a little mortified when Tony spies his slight sigh of relief. He winks at Steve and they continue their walk to the Parlor Inn. Entering the establishment that’s not far from the train station, Steve sees that the afternoon crowd dwindles as the lunch hour recedes. There’s no sign of Clint and Thor, and Steve has to wonder where Bucky might be. Erik wanders through the little tables, on each he places a small mason jar with some wildflowers. He’s replacing the wilted ones.
Steve stumbles out of the chair. “I thought you didn’t know. I thought you would hate me. All this time, I thought. There were days I couldn’t even look at you. It was eating a hole in me. When I watched The Empire Strikes Back, that’s all I could think of – how I betrayed you. How everything was a lie.”
He recognizes the dismissal but before he leaves the office, Steve turns to the director and says, “Tell Agent Carter, I said thanks.”
They fill their plates and then Tony asks, “There must have been something pleasantly memorable at the settlement. Don’t get me wrong, I don’t see how you could come out of such a place and still care about humanity otherwise.”
Steve smiles, his eyes bright and his arousal on overdrive. It coils deep in his groin and the nanite pulse. “We could make that happen.”
“No,” the omega says. “I wanted to die but I went into stasis instead. I thought I would die. I hoped I would.”
Around two in the morning, Tony wakes to find a cold spot in the bed next to him and he starts to get up, but Steve pads across the floor and climbs back into bed.
Wanda gazes at Vision, her focus intense and unyielding. “Yes, they were.” She snaps out of it and then turns to Steve. “So, you think things are going well with the prince? Do you think he’ll commission you to come along on his ship after?”
“Outward appearances were paramount in my day. Men didn’t show emotion. It’s not something we did. Not something I know how to do,” Steve said. He sat back, fighting to relax. His eyes closed. “I have to carry Peggy’s casket. And for the first time in my life, I don’t think I’ll be able to keep my outward appearance. For the first time, I might-.” He breathed, loud and shaking.
on his birthday. Tony figures he can cut the guy some slack. “Well.” He clears his throat and then glances at Pepper. He inhales and exhales before he slides the Non-Disclosure Form across the surface of the desktop. “Before we start, you’ll need to review and sign this form.”
Steve grabs his hand as it slips away. He gives it a squeeze and says, “Yes.” He’s saying yes to a thousand, a million things all at once. Tony lights up, glowing. He’s read everything that Steve means in one little word.
“No, nothing like that,” Steve says. “If we, if I do this with you, I bond to you, and you bond to me. The implications and complications are multifold, cataclysmic.”
“It’s a barn, and no we don’t homeschool. The kids, they know what to do,” Clint’s wife said and then she offered her hand to Sam. “I’m Laura.”
Tony turns to the windows. The winds are picking up and the snow leaves a blanket that blinds him to everything else. “Can’t see a thing out there.”
“So this is supposed to make me want to help you?” None of that little horror story could. Not in the least.
He would not be at the end of the universe’s horrible joke. Reaching out, he touched Steve’s hand again. Their souls synchronized and it ached in Tony’s chest as he murmured, “You made a mistake. How could you ever think it? I’m not your Beloved. I never was, and you’ll never be mine. I’m sorry.”
“Good,” Steve says, confirming his consent. They rest with Tony spooned up against Steve, practically laying on top of him. It’s a firm and solid weight and Steve finds he likes it.
“Yes. Sorry,” Tony says and shakes himself as if he’s just waking. “Sorry again. Doctor Stephen Strange please meet my personal assistant, Captain Steve Rogers.”
“I’m not sure I understand?” Steve watches as a servant pours coffee into Tony cup and then indicates a cup for him. Steve only nods.
“Yes, dear Steven.” Thor crossed the space between them. It felt like a gulf but closing it felt like a victory. He lifted Steven’s hand. “Tell me there’s something more.” He didn’t let his gaze drop.
Right then and there, Tony decided to hate this Captain America, aka Steve Rogers. Though he tried as he might, he failed. His father came to him the next day with a stack of comic books and plopped them on Tony’s desk that already on circuit boards and soldering irons on it. Tony lifted his goggles and looked up at his father.
“You and your dad close?” Tony put that out there to kind of break away at the ice. They hadn’t hit it off, not yet.
“Yes. Thank you, Thor,” Tony says but doesn’t make eye contact with either Thor or Steven. He does look up at Pep and she only frowns. Eventually he gets the main group at the table seated and they go through the quick introductions.
“I think that’s call sexual harassment, sir,” Steve remarks but then leans over and plucks Tony’s glasses off his face.
Natasha leaned against him, the weight of her pressed against him felt good, felt like a needed connection when his mind jumbled into confusion. “Steve, you have to let yourself explore who you are. When did you ever have the chance to figure out who you are? From what I understand you were either sick or at war. You can like other men.  You can be attracted to Tony. There’s nothing wrong with it.”
“Yeah.” Tony rubs at his eyes. “Do you know sometimes I see after images. I’m not sure what they are of. Can’t tell if they’re real or my mind is playing tricks on me. When it first happened, I thought it meant something. It doesn’t at all.”
There’s a weight on his hand, his hand that’s laying on his chest. He can feel it, the contours, the roughness, the calluses that shouldn’t be there on a hand of wealth and privilege. Blinking, he tries to lift his vision and it is only bleary and narrow.
“Very good. Now, Steve, can you tell me what you are looking for in an alpha?”  She places the tablet down on the table as a knock interrupts them. Standing she answers the door to bring in a tray with tea and cookies. He almost laughs. “I like my afternoon tea.”
The pod door closes and Steve scans the room. It’s utilitarian much like his private quarters. This pod doesn’t have a full bath just a toilet and a sink. The bed is a full bed with only sheets and two pillows. Above the bed hangs a handhold, a bar, and some other strange devices that Steve can’t identify. In the drawer on the side table near the bed are condoms, lube and some toys including a vibrator, a few dildos, a ball gag, and a soft whip. He didn’t sign up for any whipping so he hopes that’s not in the cards. As he’s opening the cabinet below the drawer the door buzzes and his first client steps through the entrance.
“Maybe not always, Sir,” Steve says and feels the old wound open inside of his chest. “Maybe not always.” For the first time, he sees a slight shade of pity in Tony’s eyes and it only serves to anger Steve. He chews his immediate response; he recognizes that with everything concerning Tony, what’s going on is more complex than what’s on the surface. “Sir, this way.”
“I didn’t ask how much sleep you need, I asked if you got any lately,” Natasha says and peers around him. “Where’s Buck? I thought he’d be trailing around you like a puppy.”
The frustration and the anger ravages through Bucky's common sense and he brings his blaster out and shoots the chains. Steve screams a muffled sound and starts to cry. But the tears smear along the metal caps over his eyes. He can't see anything.
Tony relaxes back into his chair, abandoning Steve's hand and leaving him feeling vulnerable, exposed, and hungry. Steve coughs once and sits back as well. "I used to getting what I want, Captain."
“Nah, we did that especially for you,” Clint said and slung his arm around Steve’s shoulders. With the other hand he tapped his earpiece. “Nat turn off the perimeter. I got him. Bring out someone to fish Cap’s bike out of the weeds.” He winked at Steve. “Come on let’s go.”
“Turn around and lift your shirt.” He is not going to let another person sacrifice themselves for him. Not now, not ever.
Tony had glared at him with hurt, anger, accusation in his eyes. But something more as well. Disbelief. How could Steve risk everything, all that they had, for someone who did something so hideous to him? Steve tried to deny it.
“I’m sorry,” Tony said and glared at him. “But neither of those groups you’re actually a part of so-.”
Even as they ran, Tony gasped, “JARVIS is offline. They sabotaged my AI. They got in through my defenses. I don’t know. I don’t know how!” He cracked as they hurried toward the elevator and the tunnel to the garage. “I sent the code directly to the copter to get out of here. I don’t know how it happened. I don’t know.” The endless loop of fear and anxiety caught Tony in its grasp, knotting him up, making his brilliant mind useless. “God, I sent Happy out, but what about the rest? I don’t even know if they’re safe, if Happy is okay.”
“Thor, we’ll get your telegraph sent. I’ll make sure of it,” Steve says. He’ll have to tackle the unstable Doom in order to get it done.
Steve agrees with Tony. He clasps on, though it’s not in a physical sense. They arrive at the Hub and it’s plainly
“Yes, I’ll have you know I’m one of the best blacksmiths around. I’m also pretty damned resourceful when it comes to working metal. Some people actually called me Iron Man back in San Francisco.”
Natasha shrugs a shoulder and then turns to the vast landscape outside the windows. Wakanda’s jungles brim with life and beauty. The verdant scenery takes his breath away every day. “What would have been the point?” She doesn’t release his hand, but does step over to the windows. He follows her unwilling to let go, not yet. “He didn’t need to know. I saw my parents’ graves, little plots all grown over. What did it do for me? Nothing, but bring back the cold, the emptiness. He didn’t need to know.”
“But still you went into more classic drawing. Studio and comic book?” Tony asks. He already knows. He’s done his homework – well, Pepper’s done the homework for him and he’s a fast learner.
“Yeah, I did,” Clint said. “Nat would have killed me if I didn’t. She’s taken a special interest in Tony for some reason. She looks out for him.”
“You shot her.” Steve said, and his world contorted on its axis. “Twice.” He wanted to throttle Bucky. Natasha was his friend, his close friend – his Confidant – and he would do anything to protect her.
“It’s the tech and the war that changed him. After his parents were assassinated, he sobered up. He stopped partying and doesn’t really date or court anyone.”
"I always come through Obie, you know that." For some reason when Obie slings his arm around his shoulders, all Tony wants to do is shrug it off. Not able to without evoking a full-fledged interrogation from Obie, he withstands it and suppresses the shiver of revulsion.
“No!” Rhodey stops himself in mid-yell. “No, it did not. What the hell are you pulling here Tony. Are you married to this guy or not? How am I going to explain this to the General? To the Joint Chiefs.”
Tony weighed whether or not he should even talk about anything at this stage since his mind incubated the problem and hadn’t come up with a result yet. “Yeah, Steve.”
He nods but as Tony starts to leave, Steve adds, “I did, do still love you. I just don’t know if we’re good together. Anymore.”
“They should have left it in the ocean,” Steve mutters and drops down onto a stool at the kitchen island. He rubs at his temples and scratches at his head, messing his hair.
Rumlow digs out his cock which stands at attention. Steve smears the spit along the shaft, eliciting a guttural groan from Rumlow as he drops his head back against the wall. Exactly what Steve wants. He grabs the dick, twists, and with other hand balled into a fist he punches Rumlow square in the face. He hears the popping crack as the bridge gives way. He lets go as Rumlow shouts in agony.
“Cripes, Bruce don’t tell me you’d actually consider it? You would consider having them defang you?” Tony clenched the steering wheel. The last few years had been good to Tony especially because Steve had been in them. He understood the anxiety, the sheer terror that Bruce must feel on an everyday basis. Tony went through it in the earliest years when he raced across the city, the county, the country, running away from the need to hunt and trying to find an alternative.
Tony had memories of Peggy Carter, dim and distant as they were. He also recalled the stories of Captain Rogers and his love or in later years of Peggy Carter and her loss. The idea of their story ached through him and he wondered if it was an echo through the bond. “I’m sorry,” Tony said as they achieved cruising altitude. “It must be doubly hard now to say goodbye. First you lost her your chance with her, got her back as your Guide. Kind of like a consolation prize. Plus, you got stuck with me as your Beloved.”
Steve gathered up the blankets and pillows from the couch as Tony trailed after him. “Where are you going?”
“Yes, I know. Apparently, there’s been a few attempts on his life, so he traveled here early to avoid any issues. That means you need to be at his quarters in the next hour.”
Steven hesitates, his cheekbones high in color as he considers Tony. It has been a ritual that every night since Tony took Steven from Nod and bonded with him that he knots him, either in his ass or his mouth. Somedays it’s soft and easy when Tony’s feeling particularly exhausted; other days it’s brutal, hard, and fast with a pounding rhythm and little kindness. Either way Tony always drinks of the gland before the night is through. Tonight, he wants none of that. Tonight Tony is changing.
Rumlow jerks his chin. “Fine. Good. You blow me.” He chuckles. “Fuck, you gotta be good. Those lips look divine. Must be if the prince keeps you blowing him.”
One choice. He had one choice. Logically he knew the vibranium could absorb the vibration from anything. But the fall? Could he survive it with just his shield in hand?  He cringed and readied himself as the pounding on the elevator doors sounded in the small space like thunder. He swallowed down his doubts, inwardly apologized to Tony, and then took a breath as he dove out the window, shield first. He felt nothing of the crash through the glass, only hearing the shards bursting outward. He splayed out his body, limbs open to try and decrease his velocity. The wind rippled over his face and stung his eyes. The roof of the atrium rushed at him like a bed of nails. He curled up, as tight as he could, bracing for impact. The jarring of the shield through the glass roof and metal girders shook him but he sailed through it, lucky not to be impaled on one of the metal rebars.
Like all dens, he’d found it by word on the street and a few clues passed to him with an exchange of funds. Lower rent districts were the best places to find dens and this one had not been an exception to that rule. The low lighting in the vacant storefront threw the cops and the V-Corps off. He slipped through the dark rooms and then searched until he discovered an old refrigerator blocking a door to the basement. With his vampire strength he pushed it aside and then squeezed past it. It had a rope attached to the back so that any vampire could easily yank the fridge back in place to hide the door. He did so without instruction. He ducked down and followed the stairs with its half steps and creaking risers to the basement level. A bouncer type human sat at the foot of the stairs and rubbed his fingers together. Tony gave him the requisite amount and then the bouncer waved him through to the main room in the basement.
Using Tony’s shoulder as a brace, Steve forces himself to his feet. His legs feel strangely absent as all of his nerves pulse at his groin.
When Steve lands next to him, spent and happy, Tony cuddles up close to him. It’s quiet as the remains of their lovemaking cools around them. Steve pulls up a blanket from the end of the bed. They embrace, Tony’s head on Steve’s chest.
He clasped his erection again and worked it as sweat poured down across his chest, as he threw his head back and lost himself in the feeling. That’s when Tony understood it all. That’s when it came to him.
“You can’t do this to me. I need to upgrade the implant. If I don’t-.” Tony closes his eyes and shakes his head. “This is important research, Strange.” He opens his eyes. There’s a coldness to his expression now as if he’s steeling himself to fight the doctor and the rest of the world. “I’m not going to give up what I have.”
On the top floor of the Vampire Corps building, also known as the Triskelion, a large, spacious, nearly fully sun exposed office sat. The windows allowed in full daylight as if to symbolically exclude the very persons they were commissioned to regulate (or control as Steve now thought about it). He walked to the office, passing familiar faces as he went. The V-Corps had its faults. It was split into two factions. One faction was headed up by the likes of Rumlow and his cohorts pledged to the idea that all vampires were a scourge of the Earth, abominations, and an infection on the human populace. From that faction reports of brutality were commonplace. Steve, on the other hand, ascribed to the faction of mutual existence. Hell, he had to – considering. Yet his real reason grounded in his life as a soldier in World War II. Sure, vampires stayed to the shadows and the corners of the world before the war, but then as the war dragged out and the possibility of a maniac ruling the whole of the Earth became a real possibility, they stepped forward and offered their services. He’d worked with Peggy Carter, one of the best vampires he’d ever known. She was smart, confident, strong, and beautiful. He’d wanted to be her mate for a while, but it never worked out and then he downed a plane in the North Atlantic.
“You can’t say you want much to do with me either,” Tony countered. The waves of resentment and dislike hit Tony like a tsunami.
Tony chuckles. “I believe in the abolitionist’s cause but not in their practicality.  There are rights I believe in, but I’m a scientist when it comes down to it. I know there are differences between us.”
“You’re off by a gazillion miles!” He chortles at Tony and then swipes his arms and legs to make a snow angel.
“So when did all this magic infestation happen?” Steve asked and he could not believe for a minute that he was actually asking such an insane question. But just a few days ago he was fighting aliens – from outer space. Maybe he wasn’t awake just yet. Maybe this was all some induced dying dream or something. The phantoms of his nightmares during his time in the ice still chased him.
“Like guardian angels? That crap my mother told me was true?” Tony coughs and tries not to laugh at Steve.
“Believe me, I understand that,” Tony replied. It had been the third night in a row of endless jostling for position. Even the dinner they were attending was awash in intrigue and subterfuge.
“A little,” he says and mimes with his hands. “Not much.” He looks back at Tony who is still sleeping, curled on his side. Now is as good a time as any to ask. “Food, can we get food.” He pretends to eat.
Maybe Steve was trying to convince himself of something. Tony reached up and touched the marks on Steve’s neck. Tony drank from the most vulnerable place, the sweetest place this time during their mating. He wanted to call it lovemaking, but that voice in his head that drew him to the coven and the rules stopped him. “She cares about the coven. I don’t know if she cares all that much about her human. What does Clint say?”
“Get him under control.” Someone barks. Tony cannot make out their faces in the dark of the room. Beams of light flash around the room in a wild, almost maddening pattern, and Tony catches a glimpse of Steven silently fighting with a dozen men. He’s naked and vulnerable but his expertise in hand to hand combat shines.
Marines hate being assigned to the Hammer ships,” Tony says and they take the ladder up to the gantry that leads to the shuttle.
“For your notes. Any good scientist writes down all of his observations.” She tapped the book and smiled. Tony beamed at her.
“It has nothing to do with the time it took,” Tony said, and his hands shook as he held them in front of him. “I look at my hands and I see what they did. I will never not see it. I will never not feel it. I will never be free of it.”
“He’s obsessed, Mom,” Tony had said when his mother asked him to tone it down. She stood by her piano as Tony tossed his math books on the couch. He was in high school at the ripe old age of ten years old. It bored him to pieces.
“It’s said without your work the Deep South would not have fallen, that you forged the path for the likes of Sherman.”
Steve looked at Rumlow before he slowly opened his mouth. It would only take a second. Precise timing. He had a knack for it.
“Thanks, but I think I’ll figure things out for myself,” Steve says as he sits up. Two weeks. He can do this, find out whether or not there’s anything that Tony might be hiding. After all, they danced today. Maybe not a real dance, but it felt that way to Steve. Holding Tony by the cliff’s edge, listening to the ocean, and swaying to the rhythm of the waves sent shock waves to his subconscious longing. Those moments woke him up, threw back the covers and revealed his own dreams. “I gotta go. You two doing good?”
“I should be able to do it, just focus on yourself,” Steve says and grabs hold of the saddle’s horn. With a great heave, he swings onto the saddle. It isn’t graceful or powerful, but it’s sufficient to get him seated again on the horse.
“It’s more elaborate than most. The alpha should be able to take you here, regardless of position. There’s a bathroom there, and there’s a chest of drawers with different toys and implements. Food will be delivered twice a day. A refrigerator holds snacks and drinks and it’s by the foot of the bed.”
“The order of things?” Steve asked and the rub of his shirt against the bite mark Tony gave him earlier in the day tugged and abraded.
“Yeah, I guess. He was delirious.” Tony looked amongst them. It hit him then like a wrecking ball to his gut and he clasped an arm over his abdomen and groaned. “Shit, shit, shit.”
The whole of the forest around him silenced as he reached deep inside to search for his pack mates. He strung out his soul lines, looking for Bucky, trying to offer him solace and understanding while at the same time he reached for Tony along different bonds, tying him in close and offering him a place to call home. He stood outside of the cabin, vulnerable, like an offering in many ways. He didn’t care. The danger was slight. He had his pack around him, supporting him, offering him waves of comfort and strength. He threw these feelings outward to try and bring in his wayward pack members.
“This is not going well,” Pep says after they’ve talked to a dozen candidates. Each pathetic prisoner sickens Tony with an ache that’s hard to even quantify. It isn’t their status but their fate than turns over in his gut and causes the sense of helplessness to overtake him. He doesn’t know why; he’s always accepted the way of biology.
He laughs and then settles next to her in a straight backed chair. "You always could see right through me."
“Fuck,” Tony says, and all the relaxation drains away. Steve sees the tension build in Tony’s shoulders.
Tony finds he can’t look Steve in the eyes and so he stares down at his strong hands instead. “We talked with Reed Richards. Bruce and I. And Logan. We all talked, and we figured out how to stop the seizures.”
Steve had become something of an enigma to Tony. He sponged up as much knowledge about the modern worlds as he could, learning computers and phones quickly and efficiently. Tony wondered at his sharp mind and wit. He never let anything pass by him; part of Steve was always alert and ready to pounce much like Blu had been.
Logan reaches over and puts his bottle on the table – no coaster. The heathen.  He yanks his duffle bag over to the couch from where he dropped it on the floor. Pulling it open he retrieves a folder. “Steve thinks he took them all. He didn’t. I swiped a few before he left.” Logan opens the portfolio and spreads the drawings out on the table. “He started to draw all of what he saw during his seizures. It literally told the whole story. Like some kind of comic book.” Logan orders them and then taps the table. “Evidently you’re married to him in this other timeline or reality.”
“I had mid-morning snacks. Don’t look at me like that, I’m injured.” He rushes past Tony and gets to the cart. It’s glory of food again and he grins. “Lots to choose from. Do you want to have a picnic by the ocean at night?”
Before dressing, Steve lifts each arm and digs a little at his armpit skin to reveal the medical patch. Each underarm has one. It’s the least intrusive place since most of his clients aren’t into any type of armpit play. He grimaces and then shrugs. Kinks are kinks as long as they don’t hurt anyone. Peeling the old patches away, he cleans the area, puts a slight dab of medical cleansing formula on each and then replaces the patches with fresh ones. He’s thankful for Natasha – she’s the one that funds the patches. Before he had to down medicines that got him physically ill sometimes and he wondered if the cure was worse than the sickness. Steve finishes and then fishes out his clothes again.
Like the Red Sea, the people parted, and Clint ushered Tony through the crowd and into the hallway to the elevators. Without pause, they stepped into one of the elevators and Clint moved in front of Tony as if protecting him as the doors closed and people peered inside. Tony noticed Clint in his SHIELD uniform, bow and full quiver strapped on his back.
Tony eases up on his elbows. “You’re fucking kidding me. You’re telling me this hole in the center of the Earth is real. You’re real. And that fucking lion is real.”
Tony beams. “This is Mer Steve Rogers. Really a personal assistant. I couldn’t expect the Duchess-.” He pauses and looks toward Pepper who is currently engaged in a conversation with Vision. “To front my Fleet and take care of my laundry, now, could I?”
“They win.” Steve cut in. “I know. But it’s okay once in a while to take a moment to breathe, or in your case to just be.”
On the night he finds out that his company is still in the arms business and, worse yet, trading arms to terrorists – everything changes. It becomes not a hobby or an afterthought but a mission. His life clarifies and his vision becomes acute and focused. He’s never known or understood drive like this before and he takes off in the armor with a singular idea.
“I don’t have a dog.” Tony attempts to relax his face, show an easy demeanor. Facing Steve – his boyfriend – might be a little like walking up the steps to the guillotine.
Great, now he had to look good on top of everything else. He brushed back his hair with his fingers and wiped at his eyes before he turned to the large, overhanging screen on the back wall of his laboratory. Whoever called was far too close to the camera – Tony got a good look up the person’s nostrils.
Steve smiled into the dark waves at the crown of Tony’s head. “Not so much.” Having Tony’s weight on him brought to him a sense of protectiveness as well as security.
Their lips are inches apart, he feels the warmth of Tony’s breath over him, like a cascade of heat and lust and yearning. “I don’t want to hurt you.”
Blu seems pacified and quite proud of himself as he walks back to their camp. Tony waves at him and shakes his head as he goes to collect his pants. All he finds are his shoes and socks. He jerks his head up and there’s Blu standing on the rocky overhang with Tony’s pants in his mouth. If he didn’t know better, he would swear to the angels the lion is smirking at him.
The hind quarters of the deer sits next to the fire. Tony swears and picks it up, adjusts a few of the branches so that they will balance the thigh over the fire. He has to keep his strength up; he has no idea how far the nearest village is or if he’ll be able to get the HUD working. In no time at all the smell of cooking meat fills the air and Blu lifts his head and peers over his shoulder at Tony. He licks away the blood on his snout and then mewls.
“Well, I’m the Healer and Wong has given me a few pointers on healing what he called Fractures. I’m going to assume this is one of them,” Bruce said and then peered over his shoulder at Tony. “I’m going to need you to monitor things. If they get to wild, I need you to pull us back.”
Tony frowned and closed his eyes. The growing day lapped up his strength. He groaned and started to crawl back to the roof entrance. Rumlow caught his neck. “Oh no, not so fast. You have some place to be.” He tossed Tony to the hard roof and then stepped over him. “Bring the skewers.”
“I get emotional? Or I can’t really hold back my emotions as well?” Steve says as he joins Tony. Immediately, he eats.
Steve had tried. He did. He threw his bruised and weakened body at Bucky and pulled him away from Tony, but Bucky became a battering ram. A human, thinking battering ram. He shrugged off Steve as if he was only a ninety pound weakling and stalked over to Tony. Tony lurched, still fighting to find some breath. He crawled and used the wall for support. Blood ran from his nose and his head exploded with pain. That pain would become something he shouldered for half a year.
“This is good. This is fine,” Sam said. “I’m happy for you.” Then he stopped and read Steve like a book. “But you’re not happy for you. Oh, I get it. You think it’s wrong.”
Tony touches his forehead against Blu’s and whispers, “I love you.” It’s profound love, one that stretches out, unites souls, a love that he cannot comprehend but feels to the depths of his core. It’s beyond dimensions, or time, or Earth – it’s love that never ends, that wraps around Tony and protects him. It’s love beyond the ordinary. “I love you, always.” His last is a promise, a vow to always remember, always know that his half his heart, his soul, his breath passes away on this day. “Always.” He closes his eyes as the tears stream down his cheeks.
Tony clasps his hands against the scars of his chest. “That’s so different than how I grew up. I fell for it, what my father said about other people. For a while I terrorized the staff and was a little dictator all around until Jarvis took me in hand-.”
Pressing Tony on the issue will only do more harm than good, Steve decides. He agrees with the prince and they head toward the gantry and leaving the Avengers ship. The guards fall into formation around them and Steve senses more than sees Tony tense. Steve glances back at the docks and the beautifully sleek ship. He needs to relieve the prince of some of his stress and sometimes that’s a more mental activity than a physical one.
He needs to get to the bottom of it, so Tony lies back in the cushions of the bed and agrees, “Sure a burger sounds good.”
Tony follows orders this one time. He thrusts forward and all the muscles in his pelvis tense with pleasure. He hisses and holds back. He doesn’t want to be like a teenage and come within seconds. He wants this to be about Steve and about him – together.  He grinds forward and then until he’s buried to the hilt. Steve jerks and exposes his neck, every vein and tendon popping.
Tony pushes past current affairs which Steve’s quietly grateful. Dwelling on Bucky’s status gets him nowhere. “So, the park? I know they have a waterfall-.”
“Once again,” Steve says and crosses his arms. “I must ask, what brings you here in the middle of the night, director.”
“Did you love Dany Carbonelli so much that he was forced to send you away? Is that what really happened? Why he sent you to the Omega Uprising? You loved him and his wife couldn’t handle it. He loved you back, your alpha loved you,” Tony says and thinks about how many traditions that sentence breaks in modern society. It isn’t like others haven’t had feelings for their omegas, but it isn’t a relationship like that – it isn’t about love. He’s been told that a thousand times. “Tell me.”
Steve almost wants to attack but he was the one to bring up the deformity. "She's got more heart than half of those guys back there." He wipes away the blood from his nose. The boy and his Companion just rescued Steve from yet another back alley fight. He’s lucky the gang’s Soul Companions weren’t interested in engaging in the battle as well – when that happens – things get messy fast.
Silence falls over them and Steve’s sure he’s ruined the whole picnic again, when Tony says, “How about I teach you now?”
He pants, realizing through his climax he hadn’t breathed. Sweat and semen mix to linger in the air. He slips out of Steve, easily enough and then reaches down to tie off the condom.
Tony stayed at the bar across from the lounge. “Drink?” Tony asked as he held up the tumbler of Scotch.
Tony leaves him to his thoughts and his surveying the countryside. He wants to get home now; he wants to put this behind him, but then he has Steve Rogers, aka Captain America to deal. As a child, Captain America symbolized everything Tony longed for, especially from his father. Tony glimpses his companion. His shoulders are already turning red from the high sun. He supposes the legendary super soldier serum will deal with it.
“You don’t have to,” Steve says and it’s supposed to come out strong but instead it comes out rasped and gravely.
Tony doesn’t remark on Steven’s agape expression, but waves his ring in front of the lock to his quarters. It opens and he walks into the wide space. The open concept design flows through most of his quarters. Only the bathroom and the presentation suite are closed off from the main room. The center of the room holds the lounge with a huge dome over it so that the universe is literally hanging over head. To the left is the bed with a canopy of soft silks draped around it. To the right happens to be his workshop. As they enter they pass the butler’s pantry and the bar. Steven follows, him his eyes drifting from the bed to the workshop. When he spots the workshop his eyes soften and he almost smiles.
“Why do you think I have any ability to do this at all?” Natasha says and her confidence sliced with arrogance telegraphs everything that Steve needs to know.
Releasing the log, he thrusts through the waves and tries to find Tony. A wall of water washes over him, forcing him down and he struggles to get back up to the surface, gurgling for air as he fights to get back to his search. Even though the water isn’t deep, it’s barely enough to swim in, the current is fierce like a mighty god throwing him around as if he is a doll. He spits out water before he calls for Tony again.
“But what’s inside?” Clint’s hair is shaved on the sides of his head. “Did Tony invent a new suit that he can shove in a standard backpack?”
“You know,” Tony said and let out an exhale. “You say that like it’s a burden. Like I did it to force you to be around me.”
“Yeah, I figured it out about the time I said I don’t want to see you die,” Tony says and turns around. “We can go over and over this. We can talk about it for ages, but the truth still remains, I love you and I don’t want to see you hurt. Not like this.”
“Here you go.” Steve dumps nearly the whole small bag sandwich bag into Tony’s mug. He saves a few for himself. He prepares his own hot chocolate and then settles down and stares out at the ocean.
Tony glanced up at Steve to see if he was conscious or still alive. He detected the smallest amount of breathing, but he failed to figure out if his love was aware of anything around him.
Tony stops at the door, catches the frame with his hand, and then turns his head to assess Steve. “You already said that, I said it was okay. I’m fine with it.”
“Well the leaders of the pack, of the Avengers can’t be completely the same. How would that help us?” Steve said but his words were tender, even soft. He watched as Steve’s eyes flicked to Tony’s lips and then back again to his eyes. “I’ve been wrong, almost misled in my days.”
“Steve. Nice to meet you too. But remember it’s all about security, right?” He ushers Steve into a wide hallway much different than the other corridors on the ship. “This way to the prince’s quarters.” He nervously laughs. “So how long you been at the station?”
“We would need to add what specific molecules that will only target the optical nerve. It will be very difficult.”
He suspected as much, but he truly didn’t know if he wanted to hear what had driven Thor to leave the safe house with the new pack members to come and talk to Steve. The images of the dream space roared back to life and it took all his strength not to cut and run. For all his growing up years, Steve listened to his mother – he stood his ground, he always got back up. But this – this tested his resolve and his love. That last – his love – it terrified him. Everything he’d built with Tony over the last few weeks would crumble and dissolve if the nightmare became the reality.
As a young man he rebelled against the order of the caste, walked away from everything and lived free. After so many years as a child being tutored and mentored by Estane to follow the dictates of his caste, he wanted to explore and free himself from duty and expectations.  He went to the edge of the Purge Rim but was never truly in the Purge. But he saw how others lived and enjoyed the fruits of life. Even the poorest tried to eke out a living. He drank his way through worlds and fucked his way through any caste. He spent years in an alcoholic haze that still today he regrets. He feels vindicated that to this day he can still have a drink or two, or a dozen, and function. It’s who he is. Who he as Tony Stark will always be. Yet, he saw people he loved as friends and more die in the Lanes and the edge of the Purge Rim. It never occurred to him to ask about how they lived, where the children came from, what was going on. All he cared about was the next drink, the next hit, the next fuck. Except living out amongst the human populace, mostly betas and hard up alphas, he saw what his caste and his family could offer him. What his name offered him. After the death of his mother and father, taking on the mantle of the Stark family felt right. It still feels right. But did he lose something when he walked away from the freedom? Did he forget about how the other half lives? Did he forget his promises to change the worlds? Did age embitter him?
At the bed, he lowers Tony and then Steve’s on his knees again next to the bed. They’re still in their ridiculous tuxedoes and Tony wants Steve out of his, so that he can feel every inch of his body.
Glancing back to the store clerks, he notes they all are trying to not stare at them – and doing a poor job of it. He returns his attention to the prince and in a low voice says, “We’re not saving humanity from itself today like we agreed. This is not up for debate, my prince. You are not doing this. I don’t even know how you found out what shops I frequented.”
“Got what may I inquire?” Vision asks, but there’s no time to answer him. Wanda’s manipulation must falter because he blinks out. A beat of light and then nothing at all.
Steve stays quiet through most of the meal, only asking Tony if he needs assistance and offering directions when needed. Eventually he dusts his hand off and says, “Tony, this isn’t going to work if you don’t trust me to want the best for you. I’m not here to push my agenda on you, I’m just trying to do my best to assist you. That’s what you hired me for, right?”
“Halt, full stop. Time out,” Steve said. He pushed his way around Tony, and then through the mass of people hanging at the open door into the empty space of the restaurant. There was still shawarma on the table. “You don’t get to come here and baby me. I don’t need babying.”
“But I want to jump, Tony,” Steve said, and his words were practically whined. His hands trembled at he held onto Tony. Making such a leap might be easy in words but not in deeds.
Anytime he’s about to make a decision on which way to go, he uses the shield, hitting hard and fast and then moving on. Steve’s buoyed by his progress and his step is a little lighter. The tingling and numbness from the shock wears off as he turns the corner only to come upon another occupant of the maze.
Tony glances out the window. “All my life. Always loved to fly. Used to have dreams I was a bird. Now I’m Iron Man.”
She smiles at him and then leans over, lightly kissing his sweaty forehead. “We’ll be there in a few hours. You need to rest.”
“No,” Steve says and the word is so inadequate, but then the monitors start to alarm as he pants through the panic. He shifts in the bed and groans.
“It’s not how long he’ll live I’m worried about.” Natasha finished setting up the intravenous line. Steve had already fallen into a deep slumber. “All humans, no matter how loving they are, will come to resent you. It’s just what happens, Tony. Either they resent you because you haven’t aged and they have or they resent having to act like your caretaker all the time. Or in his case, maybe he resents you because you stole the life he should have had – maybe gotten married, had a family. None of which you can do with him in the current political climate. Holding onto him like you are – it just means that he suffers and resents you in the end.”
“The boy seems to be begging his father to help the lion, saying the lion saved him and his sister only last week.”
The AI answers, “I’ve call the Administrator. He has called your Master of the Fleet. Both are on their way and will be happy to assist you.”
“No.” Steve bows his head. He can feel the press of the collar against flesh. “I went to a discrete place. T’Challa worked it out. It was a professional.”
The guard raised his hands “No offense, Mister Stark. The boys and I just don’t get out much. Only got 18704 to entertain us. Lately it’s only been responsive to me or Brock. Though I’m not in charge of the punishment. Rumlow decides that.”
Frank glowers at Tony but blows a kiss at Steve. “See you then, babe. I’ll bring the straps next time, be easier.”
The lion tests its jaws against Tony’s back, not piercing him – yet. His mind reels. He’s always wondered about those gazelles or antelope on nature shows that just lie there frozen but still wide awake and aware. They don’t move as the lion or tiger or other predator grips them in their jaws. Their eyes are stark and frank with the knowledge of impending death. Tony knows his eyes show the same mortifying terror. The lion closes its mouth then and nudges Tony, moves him until he’s on his side, then Blu opens his mouth again.
Bucky stayed because of Steve. If he’d gone with his family to the Inner Regions, he might have been protected from the draft. Bucky never blamed Steve. Yet, now Bucky is missing in action and there’s no one really to blame but Steve. At least if Steve had been able to join up too, they could have protected each other’s backs. Steve had been as useless then as he is now.
She opened her eyes then and nothing but loss gazed back at him. “You already did it to us, Tony. You already did.”
“You’ll have to set down,” Bucky says as he scans the skies and the tie-fighter aims at them.  Seizing Steve under his arm, Bucky brings him to his feet and drags him to the tree line. The tie-fighter veers low to the ground, letting off a volley of fire that breaks apart the rocks and sends stony shrapnel flying. Steve stumbles as he limps and then trips, falling to the ground in a sprawl. Bucky leaps over him, protecting what he can with his own body. This is how it was when they were children, Bucky protecting Steve always. As a Jedi though, Steve grew in strength and he also sprouted from a scrawny kid to a well-muscled, disciplined Jedi Padawan.  Bucky would give his life for Steve regardless if he’s that scrawny kid, the Jedi in training, or the tortured soul under him now.
She mumbles as she consults her V-Nets. “A robot is not the same thing as an omega. Now, hush, I need to find out if there’s another option to find an omega for you-.”
“Tony, get yourself together. I need you-.” The wind abruptly picks up, so hard and fierce it knocks them into the jagged wall. Steve’s hands hit the sharp rocks and he cringes.
Without anything to do, Steve limps back to the cot. Careful of his newest wounds, he lies down and closes his eyes with no intention whatsoever of sleeping. Instead, he quiets his brain, sinks deeper into the Boundaries, calling out.
He wakes up ten days after the fight in his own bed. At first, he’s lost and his head aches. He smells oil paints. Glancing around the room, he spots the good Captain sitting at an easel mumbling to himself and painting.
“It is. But it’s because we maintain it to be safe.” Clint walks past Steve and waves for him to follow. “Over here is the main room, or as the Widow likes to call it the parlor. She’s weird like that. No clients are allowed. Just the whores or as we like to call it just the workers. That’s your room to relax, hang out.”
As he dabs the blush on his cheeks and highlights his eyes, Steve hears Clint speaking with Natasha outside the bathroom door. He’s taking too long. Quickly he finishes and zips up the case. When he enters the bedroom, he throws it in the suitcase and closes it.
Steve falls onto the piano, knowing he’s staining the instrument as he tugs off the condom. His body thrums, his breathing slightly hitched. In other days, he would worry about his lungs, but something calms him, and he realizes Tony curls about him as if he’s some precious jewel.
The doors opened. Agents lined the rooftop. In the distance, in the sky, Tony saw the glimmer of a Helicarrier. They’d brought in the big guns. Natasha had calculated wrong. They would all die. The agents aimed their guns. It wouldn’t slow Tony down, or Natasha, but Clint and Steve would die. Then the agents would get close enough – they would set the place ablaze with the Helicarrier’s guns. Tony stepped out of the elevator, gave one last backward glance to his mate and love, and then dropped his head back, allowing the fire inside to consume him.
“Sure thing.” Steve finishes up the subs and puts a bowl of fresh blueberries for snacking next to Tony’s right hand. “Here you go. Just as you ordered, sir.” He sits next to Tony and takes a huge bit out of his sandwich. As he chews he realizes he forgot to get anything to drink. Swallowing quickly – enough that it hurts – he says, “Can I get you some water?”
Sixth sense creeps Steve out sometime. He rushes as he says, “There isn’t a problem, Tony. Jarvis is just looking out for you.”
Clint slams his fist on the table and upsets a piles of books until they all slide to the floor. “No, it’s not about money. It’s about safety and the welfare of everyone – not just us. If we – God – if anything happens and they find us and finish the process. We’re all done for shit. You understand.” He drops the mug and the coffee splatters all over the floor. Staring at it, numb and frozen he opens his mouth and closes it several times.
“I don’t,” Steve starts but he falters and closes his eyes. “I’m sorry, Tony. This isn’t the way it’s supposed to be. We have to get you out of here, now.”
Rhodey and Happy eye him but Steve gets into the helicopter, going to the back and sitting on the floor. Happy glares at him. “Nope, everyone’s gotta get in a seat and strap in. Safety first.”
Maybe it had been the funeral. Or maybe it had been the fact that the universe decided to replace Peggy on the day of her burial, but everything closed in on Steve so fast that he clung to Tony as if he was a life line. After the funeral and the service at the side of her grave, Tony ushered all of them back to the hotel. Thor followed along, confused, a little mortified, and not a little pissed off about the soul bond. Steve didn’t even try to explain, though he knew it was his duty as the team leader, as the pack leader, to help each and every member along. Yet, Tony hushed him and told him to allow the rest of the pack to take care of things.
Steve sighed and shook his head. “Not great.” Though it was better than expected. The information along the pack lines was clarifying. More practice would make them a well oiled machine.
As the reporter spoke the television showed Ross with a contingency of V-Corp troops behind him. Standing next to Ross a young man who Tony didn’t recognize stayed motionless. Tony swore his eyes didn’t even blink.
“I don’t – I-.” He pauses and then points to Tony’s chest. “I did the best I could. I hope I was right the way I install, I put it in, the hole. I mean I never did anything like that before.”
The prince skips through the scattered parts and pieces on the floor. “I promise the whole place isn’t this bad. I just haven’t used the workshop since we had the second assassination attempt.”
“No, of course not,” Tony said. “I even said no the last time. He insisted.” Tony stopped. Blaming what he’d done on Steve would get him nowhere but hell.
Steve bows his head. “Yes, ma’am.” Out of curiosity, Steve lifts his gaze and asks, “When we’re all released, what then? What happens after?”
Stepping out of the bathroom, Steve finds Natasha holding up his clothes – or lack thereof. It’s a simple tunic that will barely cover his cock and ass. It’s clearly see through.
Which reminds Tony, he thought he saw a pretty nasty slash on Blu’s side during his confrontation with the Lion Hunter. He turns to investigate. “Now, I’m going to check if you’re okay. Don’t get mad at me and eat me or anything.”
“Are you proposing to me, Captain?” Tony snickered and quirked his brows. He joined Steve on the floor again, near the fire.
The thought of holding Tony back, keeping him at bay until Steve comes nearly throws him over the precipice. He growls at the prince and takes his mouth again, rubbing their cocks together until Tony’s crying for more, that he wants to come. There’s a mess of pre-come helping the feeling of need, but Steve reaches between them and slides his hand onto Tony’s cock. The prince’s hips involuntarily jerk at the touch, but Steve immediately clamps down at the base, causing Tony to sob out a moan.
"Yes, I do. Do you want to see what else I can do," Tony says and his hands creep upward along Steve's legs.
“Tony would like some breakfast. Eggs, bacon. And I promised him some of my hot chocolate.” Steve joins Wanda on the working side of the island.
Tony shakes his head. “No, the Gravity bowl is a consequence of the artificial gravity that’s produced in the Hayashi reactor.”
Steve slid his tongue into Tony and probed in and out, in and out. Tony grappled, trying to get a hand on his aching cock, but Steve slapped him away. He took Tony in hand as his tongue entered him. Steve fucked him with his tongue and pumped him with his hand until Tony went insane from the need. He pounded into Steve’s hand, begging for release. Each time he came close, Steve would let up a little, loosen his hand, and Tony would only whimper a little more. The sound delighted Steve, threw him deeper into the dream, the promise, caused his straining cock to drip copious amounts of come.
The sounds of the street below died away, and in this silent space, Tony understood that breaking its sanctity with a clever quip would tear away any hope for something more. The fabric of space and time that held their astral projections together would fray and disintegrate. So he slowly reached out his hand to touch the insubstantial. When Tony grasped his lax fingers, Steve turned to face him with a look of longing and fear mixed together.
“It might be,” Steve says and he hedges his bets. “Sometimes there are special bonds between an angel and a human.”
Because Steve might have saved the man, but Tony’s soul – that’s still up for grabs.  The voices of reason though pound at him, the crumpled expression on Pepper’s face, the worry lines on Rhodey’s. He has to stop, eventually. He has to give up and surrender to the idea that Steve died, and the government will continue to disavow all knowledge of a soldier they sent into harm’s way to rescue a degenerate like Tony.
Tony laughs. “Old man Odin’s sons are nowhere to be found. They left years ago after a feud of some sort. Odin’s kept the Realms distinctly quiet and separate from the Conclave.”
Steve followed the instruction. At first it seemed like he was in first grade again, singing out the alphabet. But Wong’s words flowed and he stressed concentrating on the meaning of the words and not just the rote sounds. Falling into the words, their meaning, came hard, but Steve used to pray the Hail Mary. He used to whisper the words late at night and knew how to drift into the meaning of a prayer. As he murmured the mantra, he started to understand it. The core, the soul of who he was became more, deepened with the bonding. If he bonded through a soul pack, he grew to be more than himself. As he came to this tenuous conclusion, the vibrations from Natasha’s astral projection and even Bruce’s, distant but clear, resonated. He followed the waves and curves of the vibration, the rhythm as he spoke the mantra. Naturally, he felt himself stretch further to encompass the lengths of the cords that strung them together. Even so, as he did he recognized something far off – some part of himself loose and shivering. He spoke the mantra clearly now as he searched for the meaning of his shredded part, this broken part. He suspected it had to do with his displacement. Even as he concluded it, he knew it wasn’t that at all. His soul’s waves rang discordant.
Steve leans on the wall and crosses his arms over his chest. “I just don’t see Mister Stark as being all that repressed, considering his lifestyle and what his wealth has afforded him.”
Tony groans in response and his whole body shivers. For a second, Steve thinks that he might go into another convulsion, but instead, he clings to Steve. He’s frightened. Steve brushes the hair away from his face. He takes the pillowcase and cleans away the tears.
“Do you mind? Do you mind if I clean up? I need to change my medical patches.” He just wants a warm shower and something to eat. His stomach growls as if the thought translates to action.
Steve mouths a sorry to the man who only waves at him. “Morgan, I said milk. Regular milk. I’m giving you two cookies that should be enough.”
He spent his twelfth summer in that laboratory. The lab with all of its resources was located in upstate New York. His mother would visit often and ask what he was studying. He went into grandiose descriptions of energy sources and flight modulation. It all prepared him for his place as the chief officer of research and development in just a few short years. Tony stayed in the engineering section of the complex. But he knew about the other building. They called it the bio-division. He stayed clear of it because he had no interest in bio-weapons. Part of him balked at just the thought of them and he silently decided when he took over the company, the bio-weapons division wouldn’t exist.
"Don't worry Obie, it's just a bit of fun. It's just something to distract me so I can refresh, you know let the subconscious work on the problem." He taps his temple and smirks.
“Would you trust a blind guy to design and build your latest smart phone tech?” Tony shrugs. “Or your tech that goes to make a green car, or a green building. No. No one would.”
In an icy voice because he despises when someone tries too hard, too phony, too shallowly to show him deference, he says, “I’m obviously in the market for a suitable omega. What do you have?”
Steve wraps Tony in a hug and says, “I’ll get what we need. Hang on.” He’s only gone for a few minutes but standing by the bike, in the middle of nowhere, and in the dark both literally and physically freaks him out. He listens to the clunking of the gas pump, the whiz of cars going by on the road, the buzz of the overhead fluorescent lamps with the occasional ping of bugs hitting it. He stands there, he could be standing anywhere – on the moon. He has no idea where he is or which way the store is. He’s fairly certain which way the road is by the sounds of the infrequent car, but other than that, he’s alone. He shudders in isolation.
“I do,” Tony said, and he honestly did, but his brain grew weary and his sight darkened. It had been too long. Natasha was right.
Tony tilts his head and narrows his eyes. Just what the omega is playing at, Tony does not know. He’s never seen an omega so mouthy or so self-righteous. Most omegas are taken early. Since the biomarker for caste was discovered late in the 21st century it’s been easier to mark each individual. From birth, omegas are taken and classified as either warrior or drone class. They are sent to schools to learn their place throughout the civilized worlds. Of course, the Purge Rims are different – it’s like a mad house there.  He wonders about this omega though.
Tony peers at him, eyebrow quirked. “Really? I have it wrong. This is the situation or what they call the sitrep I think in your terms – I have been kidnapped by terrorists called Ten Rings – why they are called that I do not know. Whether it has to do with jewelry, a strange interpretation of the Olympic Rings, Saturn’s Rings, or cults, I don’t know. But they kidnapped me and killed the people riding with me. I am stuck here until I build them one of the most lethal bombs to be invented. And guess what? I can build it because I invented it.”
society and where that path leads, Sheriff. But I’d rather show you another path. I’d rather show you a little about the rules of Nature.”
“Good point,” Natasha said and then turned to Sam. “Might be difficult if he has a bad reaction. Remember Bruce didn’t go so well.”
No. Tony’s not like his father. Howard commanded a room, yes much like Tony. Howard commanded by force, Tony never did. He always used his wiles and his charm, and his intelligence to gain the favor of people. But then again, nothing in what Steve and Tony did or said over the last two days indicated that Steve was the least bit interested in him. He’d overshot, he’d taken what he wanted. He acted like his father. He gasps and clamps a hand over his mouth. That wasn’t his intention. Never. He hadn’t wanted that. He wanted Steve to know, to understand. He wanted Steve to want him.
Visibly Steve swallows and then drops his gaze to his hand. He silently shakes his head. Through his lashes he looks at Tony. “I thought the serum would cure me. They said it was a mental disease. That someone like me was deranged.”
Part of his soul yearned to go through the light, to see what it offered. Anytime he turned away from it, his heart ached and the tug in his chest to focus on the light intensified. He had no choice. He needed to follow it, to answer it. He walked toward the spotlight as it flickered. He heard a murmur as if doctors and nurses spoke. He tried to discover where the sounds were coming from and then he saw a nurse materialize from the shadows. She rushed past him but acted like she never saw him at all. He stopped and watched the darkness encompass her. She had been wearing a very out of date nursing uniform – with that peculiar little hat they used to wear all those years ago. She wore all white, down to her stockings and shoes. He flinched.
It shot into the forest, setting leaves on fire. Bucky jumped to yank Steve away as the unibeam blasted like a cannon again. It struck Bucky’s metal arm causing him to crumple to the wet ground. Steve followed him, catching him as he murmured out a gasp of pain. A sense of nausea and vertigo came over Steve as he smelt the burnt flesh and charred metal. Thor and Natasha appeared as Clint hopped down from his perch. The Iron Man armor finally went dead, and Tony yelled for someone to help him get the damned thing off him. Thor easily ripped the faceplate and chestplate away. It was enough that Tony switched the manual release and the rest of the suit collapsed.
Steve checks his table and sees Wong and Strange settling next to the same couple they were speaking to earlier. When he turns back Rhodes has managed to break the barricade of guards and Steve’s face to face with Tony.
“What the fuck? You have got to be kidding me. The Post Office? You sent that precious shield that my father made through the US Post Office and you trusted them?” Tony staggers to his seat. “You have got to be kidding me.”
“Sir, I will get the bags and then introduce you to Wanda who will be the main chef for your stay. She’s already under contract and signed all the required documents. All is in order.”
“Why? Tony, why are you here?” Bruce squeezes his face up like he has a headache. “You never come here.”
Miraculously, Steve opens his eyes. The past beatings along with the new injuries have taken their toll. His eyes are bleary and glassy. He wheezes as he reaches up to Tony. “Go, go.”
Bruce stood at the foot of the bed. Bucky took Steve’s left side, leaving Tony to stand on his right side. Strange and Wong took positions behind Bruce. The rest huddled close. Tony furrowed his brow and wondered if this entailed a lot of chanting and holding hands. He wouldn’t be able to keep a straight face if it did. Even with the seriousness of the moment, a stray smirk crossed his lips. Life and death always pushed him to the absurd.
He’s a broken toy soldier whose lost his way and needs someone to anchor him. Even as a soldier in the war that defined a century, Steve knew he was a fraud, a fake. He knew he was a small man without any physical strength hiding inside a muscle suit made to order by the United States’ war machine. When he woke up decades later in a new century, Steve found himself lost without his tether to that old world. That old world that told him who to be and what to be. This world, his new world gave him the choices. Told him it was okay to be and to love who he wanted. None of it made any sense.
“Oh, okay. That’s good idea.” Steve looks around and then realizes his shield is lost. “Do you think I could conjure up the shield again?”
“Sir, according to your own account, you put the reactor in your chest during your captivity in Afghanistan,” JARVIS replies.
“A little,” Steve confessed just that much. He wasn’t going to tell Bruce about the waves of unbridled anger and confusion. Of the inner workings of a mad mind, a beast searching for ways to communicate and to absolve itself of the sins of a man it had no control over. “I felt the anger and the confusion.”
The energy waves enfolded them. It felt a little like standing underneath the cosmic stars of equations Tony designed to mathematically represent their soul pack. Yet, it switched and transformed into a kaleidoscope of their souls’ energies, mixing and merging, colliding and collapsing all at the same time. As the worlds of their souls swirled around them, it focused down, narrowed to only the Beloved bonds. The facets of their souls grew into a crystalline dimension of space forever linking them together. He heard Tony gasp at the geometric beauty of it, experienced the reflection of his emotions through the bond, and saw their bonds as Tony did in a strange kind of shadow of his own perception. The wonder within stretched outward, brought their senses – all of them – into play until every nerve tingled, until the sounds of their souls became a symphony, until they tasted their energies, and luxuriated in each other’s fragrance. The sights astounded Steve, but the one thing that made him breathless, that made him weep was the touch. Too touch Tony’s soul was to touch the sun and never get burned. A kiss paled in significance. And as he accepted, and Tony offered, as Steve offered, and Tony accepted, the sensations only built until he cried out and all the wonder burst through a conflagration of senses.
Steve lifts a shoulder. “It’s weird. I lived all my life in an open space. It’s confining being on the station, especially the Brothel. My room is a nice size, and our working rooms are decent sizes too. But we don’t get off the Brothel’s grounds very often and we only have a small observatory. Don’t get much time to go and contemplate the stars. Usually, we get one day a week off.”
“You have always been a wise woman. And a bit of a pain in the ass. I see where your son gets it – both of them.” Frigga laughs as Heimdall rights his shoulders. “Who amongst them has seen the face of the Soul Keeper.”
Bucky shrugged and finished his drink. He reached for Steve, who easily relinquished his hold – he never had a taste for the brew. “What you say we go find out if the Murray girls are free tonight?” He elbowed Steve in the side.
“If you want it to be,” Tony whispers, his heart racking a beat in his chest. Steve beams again but with a lazy almost loopy look in his eyes. “I swear Steve if this is low blood sugar, if this is your Kryptonite-.”
“It didn’t do that. We couldn’t get a control volunteer. Not after the animal work,” Bruce said and looked at the passing landscape. “So I tried it. I knew, knew in my gut that the serum would protect me. But it didn’t. It couldn’t. Not like it should have. We didn’t have the right formula for the serum, not really. And now I’m an abomination. Not a vampire, not a human. Just him.”
As Tony paged through the volumes of data because his father – though incredibly advanced for his time – was old school and always wrote a notebook for his thoughts and experiments, Tony found annotations about the super soldier serum as well as experiments to recreate it. Additional notebooks centered around vampire physiology. Most of it made no sense at all. His father was no biologist.
Steve only nods. He gazes up at Tony and it feels like he’s looking at the nebula again. The beauty belies the power within.
Strange gave Steve a sardonic smile. It rubbed Steve all the wrong ways. “It won’t be up to you, Captain.” The doctor circled the table as if he stalked Steve, as if the problem intrigued him and didn’t appall him like it did Steve. “It will be a compulsion, Captain. You will not be able to deny it. You
“Yes,” Steve says and he draws in a hitched breath, knowing he’s trespassing in areas he should avoid completely.
“Yeah a lot of soldiers from the war did,” Stark says and something hidden crosses over him. He holds it tight to his chest like his ribs are fractured and it’s hard to breathe.
His clothes need to be changed and he’s disappointed because blue suits him so well. Going to the closet he rifles through the clothes and decides on the narrow standing collared fitted tunic with flowing drawstring pants. The pants are slightly see through from mid-thigh down. The tunic is the palest of blues with a beautiful sheen to it. A thin etching of thread embroiders the stand up collar. It will have to do.
She kisses each of his cheeks and then slips her arm through his elbow and leans into him as they stroll around the room. “We miss you, too. There was a disturbance at the brothel.” She keeps her words low, almost whispered.
“I see. I get it.” He does. He never confessed until the end when he’d had nothing to lose. “And now?”
“Part of that contract you just read and signed said we would furnish your wardrobe – that starts now.” Tony gives one last glance at Pepper and then sighs. “And the whole non-disclosure, trust thing? That starts now as well.” He yanks off his glasses as if they’re an offensive insect and tosses them onto the table. He’s only worn them for about an hour, so the headache is miniscule and there aren’t any spasms of his facial nerves. He swallows down the bile of fear and then pulls out Dummy. With a flick of his wrist Dummy becomes his walking stick, his lifeline. It was his first design – after the accident.
“His astral projection resonated with yours. It’s a bond.” Bruce kept a hand on him and it intensified their link. “Listen to me, Tony, the bond isn’t going to break.”
Maybe the bonds between family were strong. Maybe that was why he didn’t need the flesh contact. He didn’t know. Maybe it was the blood that spilt between them that sealed the pack, but the bond snapped into place harder and sharper than any before it. He wrestled up enough strength to open his eyes, to raise his hand in supplication. “Bucky.” He called to no avail, because his friend, his brother, only turned his head once to peer over his shoulder and then left. He abandoned Steve even as the soul bond wove between them. The pain spiked through Steve, his injuries eating away at him, but nothing could compare to the disgust and fear he felt through the bond. His mind tried to latch onto it, to parse it and understand it, but the strength to do so failed him.
Steven turns from the workshop as if the subject matter disgusts him. Strange for a warrior class omega to feel that way. Tony watches as he walks over to the lounge area, doesn’t actually go to it, but instead stares at the bed. “Do you have an intended?”
Approaching the bed, Tony hesitated. What would he say to this Steve Rogers? How would he talk to him? Would Steve even know who he was? He stood there, observing Steve as he laid his head next to his mother and squeezed her hand. Sara spoke in rasping tones.
“How long are you going to deny the truth, Natasha?” It might be the exhaustion that offers him the nerve to try, but the truth is he’s tired of the pussyfooting around, the silly games. He wants someone to be happy, even if he can’t be due to laws and convention.
Back to work, he settles near his tree hollow and examines the HUD. It takes him the better part of an hour to dissemble the helmet pieces, shedding the outer plating in order to get to the circuits and electronics. He sets the helmet aside and pulls the chest piece over. He’s going to have to scavenge pieces if he’s going to get this thing to work. Without a way to solder, everything is going to be jerry-rigged together, but he has an idea how to bypass some of the fried circuits with use of the circuitry in the chest plate.
“It’s something I can do. Well, I’d like to do with you, especially. If you’re working on something like one of your inventions or something. I’d tuck myself under your desk or workbench and have your cock in my mouth. As long as you want. You can fuck my mouth over and over. Or just lazily get off. Would you like that?” Steve licks his lips as Tony’s cock drips a mixture of semen and water.
“I’m not,” Steve promises, lying, and Buck closes his eyes and stills. Steve queries Bruce and the doctor only hushes him.
Before long, Steve is helplessly humping into Tony’s hand. He begs Tony a little, asking him in tiny gasps to let him do the same for Tony. But Tony only shakes his head. He waits as Steve splays out before him, fucking into Tony’s hand and needy. He cries out his release and then Tony kisses him, deep and reckless – because there’s emotion there – too much and Tony’s not going to hide it. He’s always been a little too careless, too wild, too determined to get what he wants in any way he can. When Steve falls back on the mattress, weak and overcome, Tony tugs off his tie, throws down his jacket.
“Well, hopefully, you’re a better driver than that. There’s no traffic. We’ll be taking the access road for deliveries to the island.” Surreptitiously, Tony presses the switch hidden near the ear of his helmet. It clicks twice and then he hears a slight buzz before a harsh bolt of pain spears through his head before it calms to an annoying sting. The implant comes alive and Tony sees Steve on the bike smiling at him from the seat. The mask serves as surrogate glasses.
Tony noticed how Natasha neither confirmed nor denied that Steve was in town. Instead she asked, “Is Bruce around?”
“To Steve.” There, the truth laid bare, naked yet at the same time too potent. “He believes in me. What’s going to happen when those two, the twins, tell him that the reason their family is dead, the reason that their country is wrecked, the reason they went to SHIELD or Hydra, whatever. The reason they were captured is because of me.” Tony scratched at his hair, wanted to tug it out. “Hell, I want to hate Barnes. He killed my parents, but I killed their parents.”
Tony yanks on him and shakes his head. “Where’s your sense of adventure? Plus, it has to be getting late. I don’t think I can take another few hours on the bike. Can you?”
Tony released a held breath and shook his head. “Listen, I spent a good amount of time dealing with Rogers’ homophobia. His was worse, way worse because it was internalized. You know what that does to someone?” He kept his words calm but his heart slammed a rapid beat in his constricted chest. “It eats away at them. When you know, when you think you love someone or are attracted to someone, but society says it’s all wrong – it ruins a person inside. Either they hide it and live a lie forever, never happy and making some of the people around them as miserable as they are. Or if they can’t live with it, they hurt themselves or worse. Is that what you want for Steve?”
As if reading his mind, his Companion said, “Separating from us felt like you punched a hole in my chest. I nearly didn’t get out of the Triskelion alive. You gotta know how important you are.”
“Yeah, good thing, right? I was a sickly kid,” Steve says. “She always had to take care of me. My one friend, he hung out a lot at my bedside, reading and -.” He stops. “I’d do that for him now, if he’d let me.”
“Oh, Captain Steve Rogers, I’m with the 107th out of Iraq. My unit, the Howling Commandos were called in to try and take this camp.” The words come to his mouth without thought, Fury must supply them because Steve is desperately taking notes on his own ‘life’ here on Earth. The first few weeks of being assigned to someone on Earth are always the hardest, the facts come in quick and the information dump is always a tad disarming.
“I could eat,” Thor said and smiled. He followed Steve into the large kitchen. The curved island in the center sectioned off the working part of the kitchen with the large entertainment space. The sheer scale of it measured larger than his apartment in DC; it dwarfed anything he lived in when he grew up.
Steve cannot face Tony, because his words mean that, in some subtle way, Steve failed again. Through his carelessness, he’s allowed Tony to become emotionally dependent on him. Just like Bucky.
“One day you will see. Things are not as simple and straight forward. Look beyond the plain to see the beautiful.”
“Worm?” Tony stops and sighs. “Yes, worm. Yes, it did what it’s supposed to do. You know I don’t leave anything to chance.”
“Oh,” he says and pulls out the transparent card T’Challa gave him that has his membership and the payment.
“Tell me you don’t care for Bucky?” Steve says and he realizes his fatigue is getting the best of him, lending him the courage to confront her when he would normally shy away from forcing her hand.
As Frigga stands in the middle of the tangled flowers and weeds she gestures for them to stand aside. Steve wonders if he should be armed, or at least ready to fight, but Tony only grabs his hand and stills him.
“Kiminsky?” The light dawns. Tony shakes his head. “No, no. Kiminsky was not talking about entanglement. He was talking about -.”
She smiles. “After death? After death comes many things. May we all find out.” She leans up and kisses his cheek. “Now go. There’s no delaying it.”
“It’s just a book. Why do you always have to ruin everything?” Howard slammed the door on the way out.
Steve glances around the room and spots the large screen embedded on the wall over the entrance. There’s a couch that is positioned well for viewing. “Yes. Are you sure you wouldn’t like me to ease some of your tension, first?”
Thor pushed his way to Steve’s bed. “He’s ill from the pack. From all of us.” Thor lifted his arm to show his soul mark. It turned a putrid color of green gray. “He’s soul sick.”
Pierce took a relaxed approach as he spoke. His shoulders were at ease and he leaned forward like a grandfather would to play with a favorite grandchild. It would be almost sweet except for the cold stare in his crystal blue eyes. “I suppose you saw the news conference today?”
The evening settled around them; the lights from the street below glistened and the shadows shifted across his apartment as she studied him. “Steve, I’m going to ask you a question and I need you to be honest with me.”
Tony’s not sure who moves first but they both end up in Steve’s shower, slowly cleaning one another and eventually, Tony’s pressed up against the tiled wall and Steve’s exploring him with his tongue. It’s sends Tony into a blissful space – he’s never been in subspace but he’s not that far under as far as he can tell. His body longs for Steve’s touches, his tongue, his hands, his lips. It’s as if they were made for one another.
Is anyone else even home? Clint thrashes and kicks as the fit takes him and Tony clears away the table and pushes the cracked splinters of the mug out of the way. The red headed young woman races out of the one of the bedrooms and spots them. She curses in Russian and comes to Clint’s side.
“Jesus,” Tony muttered. He sat up but dropped back down as the room spun around and he gagged a little. He covered his face with his hands and tried to settle his nausea. What the hell just happened? “JARVIS, what time is it?”
“Right,” Tony says. There’s a particular part of the family tree he’s focused on. Tony examines it. “That’s an interesting branch you’re looking at.”
The soaring feeling of cresting the waves of air currents overtakes him and he shoots through the winds like one of the missiles he once invented and produced. It is not lost on him that he’s on a mission to clean house, it is not lost to him that he’s the very thing he’s come to despise – a weapon. But he knows deeply and with assurance that his motives are not arranged for power but instead to bring about justice.
Tony glances at him, winks and says, “No reason to be shy, Captain, I know I’m a hell of a catch even in this worthless existence.”
“God, he was a dick.” Tony sits up and slides to the side of the bed. “He was always snapping his fingers at me, talking like he had some destiny. He freaked me out.”
Tony opens the steaming containing and ladles out the soup into two large bowls. “Why? Because I’m a prince or because I hired you to comfort me? Well, let me tell you something Mer Rogers, sometimes, a prince wants to know that he’s needed in more domestic ways. That he has the ability to provide solace and peace when needed. It’s not just about fighting and war, you know.”
“It’s not dream technology. Nothing like that. But I wanted you to get the concept of infiltrating in a different way. Not physically but mentally.”
“I can’t believe you have one of these just laying around here,” Steve says as he checks the final print.
“Now, Captain, feel me,” he says and he lies down on top of Steve, their erections against one another, hard, heavy. The velvet hardness against him is almost too much to bear and he cries out to hold back his climax.
“Well, the Mantra helps you to compartmentalize your life, right?” the new guy said. And who the hell was he?
“Have you looked outside. He’s doing a pretty damned good job. He could literally freeze us to death in here,” Tony says as he points out the window.
He gags and rushes down the narrow, broken stairs, nearly falling as he ends up in the jail office bent over the waste basket, puking. He thinks it’s over but it’s not as his stomach roils and he vomits up the last of his dinner, the pain streaks in his eyes and nostrils. He spits out the last of it and a hand settles on his back between his shoulder blades.
“Exactly. I’m here in this charade of a marriage like you said. You saved me from whatever was going to happen at that quasi-government facility. I appreciate that. You see me as doing nothing. I’m not worthy of this, or you. I watch the news and see what’s happening and I’m sitting here, trying to figure out how the microwave works, or how I used to shave. Oh is this what it feels like to be human? All the time I’m- haunted, isolated, anxious?” He throws a pair of jeans in the bag. “You don’t see me as valuable. You see Blu. I’m not going to sit here and do nothing. I’m going to prove to you that I am Blu.”
Steve nods and enters the bathroom. Tony closes the door and Steve finds his legs weak and wobbly. He collapses to the floor and hugs his arms around his mid-section. He needs to get a grip. Yet, none of his clients have so possessed him but at the same time set him free. There’s something sensual and broken about Tony that causes Steve to think of the impossible. But the prince is a client nothing more and this isn’t a fairy tale. But maybe, just maybe he can pretend for a few days to live the fairy tale.
