Nothing. The garage remains dark.
“What
, the familiar orange glow grows stronger. Tony calls out to Steve like a mantra, and his eyes flame up, his hands
“… Still am. If you want to take a swing at me, please avoid the right side of my face? I dislocated my jaw that one time.”
“Have you heard of Project Insight?”
“Thank God.” Another window smashes, and the shards snow on them. “I was so scared you’d try arresting them or something.”
Nothing Steve can dispute. Tony is right. He’s a liability when his powers behave unpredictably and easily tampered by emotions. Things can go wrong in more ways than they can ever be right.
“… Tony?”
“… Paid?”
“Somewhere.”
“Sit down. I’ll get the first aid kit.”
“I swear, Rogers, if he starts
“… No. No, I don’t,” Steve smiles as he reaches for a fresh alcohol swab.
Tony is already halfway down when he straightens his elbows and turn to face Steve. “I’m sorry?”
Shenanigans! Tony thinks, shenanigans! This is a ploy to confuse him while held captive by the enemy against his will. He’s so confused… which, frankly, could be explained by the concussion he must’ve gotten when Silver Arm chuck him across the road into the windshield of that wrecked car. But, he heals speedily nowadays, doesn’t he? Which also reminds him: Tony runs both hands over his chest where his arc reactor used to be and finds only smooth, chiselled flesh. He’s a whole boy again! Is this how a normal body function? He’s been missing out a lot. No more perpetual ache and deep-settled heaviness in his core. No more need to be mindful of how he sleeps at night. No more freaking apnoea to worry about!
Steve follows the signage to the canteen, and finds himself the quietest table in a corner. A challenge really, as the number of Agents crawling the premise far exceeds expectation. It heartens even the weariest soul. It tells him there is still hope, that not all of SHIELD is corrupted.
“Fuck –”
The problem about owning a suit of armour that breaks supersonic is the sheer temptation of doing exactly that, especially when he deems the situation justify it. Fury’s knocking on heaven’s door! Surely blazing through the sky in Mark 40 makes more sense than flooring his Audi R8 Coupe for all four hours from New York. Mark 40 is the fastest he has in the Iron Man armoury – the Hypervelocity Mark 40, nicknamed “Shotgun”.
Tony’s cheeks have never seen more colour and heat.
“Ah… spider.” Steve’s plump lips close over the head, his tongue doing manoeuvres nobody would ever imagine are in
nonchalant about this. His mind is already made up.
“It’s not Nick.”
flyer you have on the team who doesn’t go on intergalactic roundtrips every other season. I’m the most flexible unit you have on hand. I have suits catered for every Code Red imaginable – hostage extraction, recon, stealth combat. Deep-sea and volcanic exploration, space traveling? You name it, you have it. So, no, Cap. I’m calling your bluff.”
Because Mr Tough Guy’s middle name isn’t Chatty, Tony has the radio turned on the whole time he works for company. Sounds like the entire country is tuning into the terror that is the Mandarin, and the witch hunt for Steve. Not a peep about Tony Stark, or Stark Industries, or Iron Man. It’s somewhat insulting. Here he is, thinking he’s left an indelible mark in the hearts of the good people of the great US of A.
Dark brows creep upward until they disappear in Tony’s hairline. The slight curve on his lips blows up into a full shit-eating smirk, and he says, “Pleasant doing business with you, honey.” He pats Steve jovially across those jeans-clad, granite buttocks, and exclaims, “I’ll handle the logistics. You better pack up!” before promptly skipping out of the kitchen. His absence leaves a vacuum so noticeable that Steve – for once – doesn’t quite know what to do with his limbs as he loiters by the table like an idiot who just got stood up by his date.
Steve too palms his face, and retakes his seat next to Tony.
She eventually comes to stand beside him, her hip leaning against the table.
Steve said, but there’s something in the way those words were gritted out that’s so foreboding, Tony thinks its wiser to play the fool and come disarmingly in peace.
There was a volley of information to process that kept Steve preoccupied in his vigil. He replayed Tony’s hypotheses in the back of his mind, gave SHIELD the benefit of the doubt. What Tony said was still the best fit, unfortunately only backed up by circumstantial evidences. The man with a metal arm is real enough. He’s the only breadcrumb leading towards the masked organisation behind Insight. And, concerning Pierce. With Fury out of the way, Pierce is effectively the one calling the shots. Pierce
“No, it’s still in the lab. I can bring it here if you want.”
of the situation. He’s not mocking the government, the press, the people’s anxiety because they
New York skyline. And Pepper must have settled in nicely in her CEO position, just look at how she’s personalised the workspace!
“The Soldier destroyed it – Steve, Steve, listen! It’s fine. It’s OK! I
has to worry about him going MIA. He’s always front and centre everywhere he goes.
“Steve –”
“… Oh, you won’t. I guarantee you.”
“Insight is going down tomorrow,” Maria raps her knuckles on the table top. “Fury is calling for a meeting at midnight. Your presence is expected.”
“… Yeah.” A mere whisper. “Yeah. I’m fine.”
happening.
The cot’s metal frame creak under both their weights as Steve climbs into it. “What are you doing?”
“The job ads are about to go online, but we can hold them back and conduct private interviews with whoever you have in mind. I’ll expect the list ready on my table by next Monday, Mr Stark.”
“… Enough to last him a while.”
Tony follows Steve into the bathroom, but stops short of joining him in the shower. He really needs a trim… and his nostril hair is jutting out. He continues, “If they’re not robbing the ship, think… holding it ransom.” Steve starts the shower. “A bit too late to the party, though. Nine-three minutes too late. Those pirates should consider firing their event manager. How many of them again?”
the fucking appointment.
“I’m not leaving you.” Steve clasps him firmly by his jaws. “If that’s what you’re getting at, then save your breath.” He leans in, and their foreheads meet. “Not leaving you.”
“… Accidents will happen, Anthony Stark.”
“He’s over there!”
They cross the single lane road and make their way to the wrought iron gates. Padlocks the size of their hands and chains as thick as their wrists warn them against trespassing. The signage helps, too, and Steve stares at it unblinkingly, refusing to take a step closer while Tony is already getting friendly with the mechanisms.
“DC? Already?”
“Tony?” Clint shouts, and the spraying of water against wet tiles dies down. “Is that you?”
a hot minute! How can the Helicarriers be launched when Alexander Pierce, that motherfudger is
“It’s nine oh five. I know it’s hard, but don’t engage Insight. Not yet.”
“Huh?”
Maria takes a careful sip from her mug, her eyes watchful. “You seem confident.”
While the syntax is still gibberish to Tony, two details stand out – the time stamp has been updated to “last accessed three days ago”, and a coordinate from
Compounded with having to save thirteen others from the vaults, there are only two viable way out. Option one: take the Goblin out with extreme prejudice. Then, have the hostages navigate
occupies opposite sides of the same coin. Tony has them in spades.
, but a cakewalk for the Captain, no? You rescued some hostages, arrested some pirates, no casualties, no losses. No real reason to get all sulky now, is there?”
“Want some more?” Tony’s own mouth is chockfull of apple slices. He hasn’t had regular meals in quite a while, but now that Steve is decidedly awake, his appetite revisits with a vengeance. “I don’t know where Pepper gets this, but this is delish.”
And he sees them. He swims harder. He sees them, and a chill run down his spin when he recognises Steve’s company.
“I don’t know what I would do with myself if I get out.”
He doesn’t always get sentimental, but being on the run, living in shambles kind of jogs back memories.
Tony’s painfully aware of his lungs expanding and constricting when Steve flattens a palm right atop his breast. Another one steadies him in the small of his back, and he regulates his breathing once more to Steve’s orders. In and out, in and out… Steve’s little finger just brushed against his right nipple, and his cock rises to scrape against the garter.
Steve clears his throat. His eyes – deep set and piercing blue, Tony sees them now – never wander, and they hold Tony’s gaze with respect. “Whatever it is you’re experiencing right now, is pretty normal and happens regularly with the other male clients we get here. It’s the body’s natural response to touches, even one as clinical as this.”
a promise.”
Tony lifts it up with only his thumb and index finger like a pincer, and appraises it with aghast. “You want me to go meet Nick in this jumpsuit? It’s a very nice jumpsuit. Fireproof. I can change into a nice Burberry suit in four minutes.”
“Can’t,” he lies. “You’re still working on it?”
. On Steve’s personal cell. And what Fury commands, he obeys. He leaves the Avengers Tower for the Quinjet harboured at the JFK fifteen minutes since he hangs up, and doesn’t return until three days later. What he does for Fury in those three days is his own business – call it a personal favour. Call it Nick’s request for Captain America’s…
“Get down. There’s a catch somewhere.” There’s always an underground bunker for an underground bunker with SHIELD. He just has to find it. This might not be an air-raid shelter, but some form of cover is better than none. In the dust and ashes on this good earth, he places his faith.
“Shut up.”
The truth is already out there. A sly smirk plays on his lips, and his body lights up in flames.
He can’t have imagined it, can it? A sweltering heat from the inside? But, the blue luminescence of the device is as glorious as ever. The electromagnet is still functioning.
“Beautiful morning, isn’t it?” Clint offers Steve a basket of garlic bread. If by beautiful Clint means the bleary sky and streets covered in sleet, sure, why not? “I bet your Facebook wall must be bursting with posts.”
“Later,” he replies dismissively, and gestures at Howard’s portrait. “This is very well done.”
“I just did, didn’t I?”
“… I die.” It’s like he doesn’t give two fucks anymore. What’s stopping the man from plucking the light out of his chest, with or without knowledge of the arc reactor anyways? “Nothing special… about it.”
taken this too far.
“… Thanks.”
“Ho… kay, what?”
It’s six o’clock. Is this news? Whoever this geezer is – shooting his mouth off – he sure can rock that goatee and beard. He sits on a throne, his body basking in the shadows.
“… It doesn’t have to be me.”
“That’s not an excuse for insubordination, Stark.”
“You’re unenhanced.”
“Who’s Bucky?”
“No.”
SHIELD. Not the Avengers.
“Tony!” He roundhouses something that looks like a boot, and it curves sharply right before it smashes into the pillar. “Shut them down!”
“Next one… next one’s gonna knock me out. Can’t… focus.”
Powerful.
Ross has turned his back completely against the window, regaling Steve with his utmost attention. His face is still an unsympathetic scowl, and Tony would’ve tipped his hat off to Ross – if he has a hat on – for not buckling under the pressure of Steve’s glare.
“Leave SHIELD, Steve.” The bench trembles under their weight as Tony shifts his. “I mean it. If someone wants me to jump into a swimming pool, I’d like the water to be clear. SHIELD is as clear as
Steve forgoes sleep that night to pitch a figurative tent in front of Tony’s workshop. The interior may be dark, punctuated by flashes of something psychedelic. Steve is certain there’s still somebody in there, sciencing, to the extent of
“Clint, come in. Where is Stark?”
The faceplate lifts, and Steve finds himself staring into an empty helmet.
They’re running low on salve.
for friction.
“Maybe not, but this smells like one.”
“You haven’t washed your hands after you ate. Don’t leave sticky fingerprints on it!”
your forehead wrinkling from here. Six feet-ish. Blue eyes, like yours actually. Dark brown hair, wavy, shoulder-length.” Steve hears a deep sigh, and Tony muttering under his breath under the helmet. Jargon. Streams of words, or syllables that don’t make sense to Steve. “Parse it through what I said. OK. Hair, right? Crap.”
“Rogers, at ease. We are not the enemies.”
?” The hangar, he said?
“No – no. This isn’t…” And Tony can’t keep the pretence up anymore. He steps out of the room and would’ve stood right inside Steve’s personal space if not for a tactful retreat on the latter’s part, and promptly closes the door behind him. “I am so,
someone, and that’s on you, Stark!”
“All right,” Steve feels Tony push against the door. An admirable effort, but futile against the strength of Captain America. “What do you want?”
“Run.”
“Wow, of all the things they’d poached from my company, internal security is not one of them.”
from the mound of turned turtle vehicles and gas leakages, Steve marches through them, and towards yet another black truck that screams suspiciously of SHIELD. Tony’s instinct is to knock Steve out, heave him over his shoulder and runs the hell away, when the door slides open to reveal –
The man standing in front of him eyes him emotionlessly.
” Tony can’t hide the wince when Steve’s grip doesn’t ease up, but he goes on, “It hurt like a mother but I’m here. I’m
Like he said, this isn’t the Ritz. Still, Tony dozes off the soonest his head touches the makeshift pillows of stacked-up rugs.
I wasn’t
Seriously, that death scare works wonders. Everyone ought to try it sometimes.
“Great. Uh, I left my wallet in the room, too.”
Tony exhales long and deep, and makes for the darkened stairs.
“Is it Stark?”
“Pierce stands to gain the most after Nick’s assassination. And considering how he’s flourishing at SHIELD,” he looks up again at the TV set, and Maria follows suit. Pierce is on Fox 5, beaming at a miniature Insight Helicarrier as rows of cameras flash away. “Or someone else is pulling his strings. Either way, he runs Insight. If we want to pull the plug on it, we have to take him out.”
He finds purchase on large chunks of debris and rests his entire weight on them. They don’t give – structural support is good. “Tony, come on,” he hisses with urgency. Who knows if SHIELD’s coming back to comb this area. SHIELD’s not taking chances, and neither should they. He searches the ground where he had Tony pinned under him during the blast, and –
“Easy, Milos.”
tries to sneak off again the moment he loaded the last of the hostages onto the ambulance. Until Clint wrestles him into a wheelchair and stuffs him into the very same ambulance, that is. Steve hasn’t had the chance to speak with Tony, so preoccupied he is with logistics and PR.
“He’s dead.”
“Keep running. Don’t look back.”
“Why all the secrecy? Why not just tell us?”
“Warning bell goes off. Gotcha. Were you really ‘Employee of the Month’?”
“Drop him on the rooftop, he’ll find his way down. He’ll avoid the windows, entrances and exits. You can see the sensors. Guide him.”
Her lips stretch wider, and she doesn’t speak again.
Maria stops in front of a plain door, one hand on the knob. “Please keep your voices down. You can do the cussing outside afterwards.”
dead. This planet,
He’s not the only one with the brilliant idea of sharing meals with non-superheroes. Natasha Romanoff and Clint Barton have already polished their cereal bowls, and both are waving at him from the table they are seated at. Steve gratefully joins them, this time adamantly refusing to acknowledge a scowling janitor who mutters under his breath, “Faggot.”
She slaps him meekly around the arm and pulls away. He misses her warmth already, but lets her withdraw into the plastic chair he’s been occupying since the beginning of time.
Rumlow nods, and marches back to the forefront. A hundred questions sit on Tony's tongue and it’s
“Ah, funny how you still remember it.”
“Neither Rogers nor I can change your mind if you refuse to change it yourself,” Maria interjects coolly. “Believe it, Mr Stark, I understand where you’re coming from. And that’s smart. I expect nothing less of the invincible Iron Man.” Her eyes rake southward, past his chin until they settle squarely on his chest. “Be patient, and I will show you proof.”
and all the way up his
“Tony –”
“… Enough times.”
put you up on the active roster so soon. You deserved a break.”
“Sports Science. You seem surprised.”
“It’s been a while, spare me.”
Four fifteen on the dot and Tony is rock hard down there by the time he reaches the spa. Steve is already waiting for him, seated in a distant corner folding towels. He nods and smiles at Tony, crowfeet showing despite his youth, and gestures at the massage bed. Feels almost routine. Tony takes off his clothes and piles them in a large woven basket. He puts on the same flimsy pants without bothering to turn his back against Steve.
It’s a trap, he’s certain. They’re cartwheeling down the red carpet to whatever lies ahead.
“I can do that facial composite now.” Steve pulls the tablet towards him. “Describe him.”
It’s time to say his goodbyes.
“Where is Steve?” He asks the lady to his left. “I just… you know, we’re best buddies. Can I request for a shared cell?”
“After the discussion with Briggs, I’ll come forward and put a stop to this circus,” Steve says. “These rumours won’t do well to your image.”
Who’s yelling?
… It was going so well.
“You can’t exclude him from the decision making, Maria. He’s invested in this just as much as the rest of us.” Another pang of grief rocks his insides. “Maybe more than we know. I value his input.”
Tony crushes the now emptied gun with his gauntleted fist and approaches the prone form, his umbrella sheltering them both from the elements. “Steve Rogers says you’re no use to me dead. Loathe as I am to agree with him, he’s right.” More tears leak out of the edge of Barnes’ eyes as they look up to Tony, his face still bizarrely slack. “This doesn’t change
“Raring to go.”
“How long are you staying, Steve?” He won’t say no to a staycation, either. “One day? One week? We can do something fun regardless.”
too much about how bizarre his dick must’ve looked like, pitching a tent under the small square of towel about his waist. He stares right up at the ceiling, and swallows thickly when Steve taps him on his wrist.
That doesn’t compute until Tony spills right into his palm, hip jerking with the force of his orgasm. He sags forward, and Steve lets him, stunned beyond belief.
Tony’s mind is still stuck at the ringing syllable of “shot” when Steve presses on, “We don’t know if he’s going to make it through the night.”
“Very good, Sir.”
to survive that stuff! We’re on a mission, and I’ll only slow you down.”
Between Fury’s assignment and the text message that says briefly
“Right, because you know me.”
“… That can’t be right. The Helicarriers are still here –”
, repulsor engines and possibly guns based on Howard’s work on the Tesseract.” Without further prompting, Steve himself is drawing the same conclusion. His worries are justified. They’re not paranoia after all. “The missing link – phase two – is the crime prediction algorithm. It’s not ready yet. Insight isn’t completed.”
Tony quickly disguises his smirk with a shallow cough before Steve catches him. “Rather unusual target, I’ll say.”
“Really?”
“Even dentists give their kid patients lolly when they behave. Don’t I get one when I play ball with you guys?”
As he stays still on the gurney flanked by SHIELD paramedics, he takes stock of all the chemicals they’re pumping in his body. He
“I woke up after the War, I was lost. I’d lost everyone. Fury gave me a job, and another, and I went along with it. Just going through the motion. Then, I found you, and you gave me a home.” Steve breaks into a wan smile, and Tony looks down at the dog tags. “The thorn in my side.” He chuckles, and Tony’s lips grow thin in annoyance. “You’ve always been by my side. Right me from wrong. You’re a good man, Tony. A good friend.” And Tony looks so confused, like he’s about to cry. “Forgive me if I’m reading this wrong. Is there something more here, between us? For us to build on?” The shock registers on his features, and Steve shakes his head. “Just think about it. Regardless what your answer will be, I meant for you to have this.”
“Very bold brushstrokes.”
How disappointing. Tony didn’t steal himself a Tesla at least?
is the missing link. Fury said it before, SHIELD needs him to complete his father’s work on the Tesseract. He knows as much that they didn’t share Howard’s logbook and save him from palladium poisoning because they were
“They’re already looking at us funny.” Steve commandeers Tony’s cock with his free hand. “Don’t hold back.”
into Tony’s exposed shoulder. He’s careful not to break skin –
And the crafty Steve interjects, “Metal sensors won’t work on him. Allow me.” He ignores Tony’s reproachful glare, and beckons him to assume the same open, vulnerable position to aid inspection.
“Of course, say no and I’ll drop Milos at the next gas station. And you apologise to Nick, make damn sure to respond to every call from SHIELD’s command centre.”
One all-nighter on a Christmas.
“Cap?” Rumlow approaches. Sounds like the discussion with the surgeon has concluded. “They want you back at SHIELD.”
about it –
“… Not suitable for human piloting, Sir.”
One successful carjacking later, he’s well on his way downtown because… he’s hungry. He needs caffeine to go. A buttload of them. He casually turns on the radio fully expecting it to go gaga over his disappearance, and he hears, “
“Go higher.”
It does register to him as weird that this friend of Tony’s hasn’t said a word since. Not even the lamest “Get up!”. And then, and then, and then, the weird alarm in Steve’s head goes off when he arranges his legs to straddle Tony’s thighs, and when Tony starts bucking, muttering something unintelligible – something like “Gerrof me” – but the man still won’t budge. In a desperate attempt of freeing himself, Tony pushes against the man’s chest with buttery arms, urging him to move, and – this is when Steve’s eyebrows shoot past his hairline – the man gathers those wrists and pins them to the ground. Struggling under the weight is futile, and the more Tony fights, the harder he seems to thrust against the man’s pelvis. Their silhouettes leave nothing to imagination – Steve also hears every pant, every moan, every rustle of clothes on clothes as they rub themselves against one another. He flushes, and wonders if there’s another way out in the back. He does
Tony only flicks one up to humour Steve, and to his astonishment, the lights come on, row by row without delay. Every fluorescent tube works perfectly. Ventilation is better than decent.
“Captain Rogers, Sir is on the move.”
“Where should we go first?”
“Hey, Dad,” he mutters sullenly as he stoops to massage his leg. The flesh is glowing faintly, and he swiftly turns away that his back faces the portraits. Stupid, stupid – there’s no shame in this.
“Tony…”
“… What?”
“Oh no, no. Wait! If this were real, you would’ve kissed me. Or is that too forward?”
“Yes. Exit and turn to your right. Take the elevator to Level Six. Look for number… you know what?” The staff grinned. “You’ll know it when you see it. Don’t blame the janitor. He’s a fan.”
“I don’t want to… stereotype, or appear prejudiced,” he rubs at a tender spot in his forehead, “but the simplest explanation is often the best one. Is this Chinese propaganda?”
Fury stalks away, leaving them in relative peace and quiet – that is, until Steve marches over to Tony and does
“No, you don’t have a suit with you.”
“Class six clearance, Stark. You’re coming with me.”
JARVIS does not reply, and nothing else makes a peep for the matter, until something suddenly whizzes past Tony’s
“Can’t you use the tablet?”
“As long as it takes, JARVIS. Lead on.”
But he’s not dead yet. Because he’s still useful, somehow. It hurts to think.
And off he scuttles to the trunk to retrieve the first aid kit. He skids to a halt next to Steve and drops it on the dusty ground. With hands so shaky, he pries the lid open so forcefully that gauzes and antiseptic belches from the box. “Sorry, I didn’t mean this to happen…” Steve’s healing rates pale in comparison to Tony’s. It’s not instantaneous. Though the worst of the burns had passed, the blisters remain.
“Clear. Mr Stark?”
. He wished he could take it all back – the words he said, the things he did. Holding Tony’s body hostage for
“No. Not this time –”
The Unibeam shoots true, and the beam halves as Tony darts through in between. He spins around and rights himself, his mortal self jostling against the sweaty lining of his suit. He’s all maxed out. The piece of concrete better be the last of evil reincarnate. “Just run ‘em dry, J. Where are my other suits?”
“I did not… I mean, it’s not everyday I bump into, you know, people who qualify for Harvard.” One glance at the way Steve chomps on his burger tells Tony that Steve doesn’t buy his bullshit. His fault, again. For being a presumptuous little shit. Is it truly that surprising for a specimen like this to
There
“I don’t want to be a spoilsport, Steve, but we’re just a couple of taxpayers going up against SHIELD.”
Steve’s hand then travels downward. The lower it gets, the harder Tony’s heart beat against the housing of his arc reactor, until it slips right between his thighs to lightly cup at his crotch. “You obviously don’t need the tonic.”
“Security will be on the lookout for a white male. This is your best cover.”
“… The Lemurian Star.”
“… Maybe bring Stark along,” Nick turns to Tony, “Pierce’s
“Yeah, well I can’t. I’m not… I haven’t washed up. I’ve been out all day.”
“STRIKE team,” Tony hears Rumlow’s communicator buzz, “Escort Captain Rogers back to SHIELD immediately for questioning.”
There’s
“I checked. It’s clean.”
blowing in, and the commotion alone?
“First, you gave away your company, then Steve looked like he was going to
“Wow, I feel so honoured already. Why?”
“You mentioned the Winter Soldier?” Tony grunts with difficulty. He wriggles under the offensive vice grips because he needs his windpipes to speak, thank you very much. “I fought him. Twice. He’s the reason I’m a Human Torch.” And because he’s an idiot with no sense of self-preservation, he continues, “Lady, if I’m serious about hurting you, I’ll be torching this ground to kingdom come right now. Think! I survived this Winter Soldier twice, the SOB who did Nick in. You tell me if I’m joking.” The crosshairs on Steve’s chest waver, and Tony decides to go in for the kill. “Let’s switch up the POV. You don’t trust us,
He stays connected – online – and makes damn sure he’s contactable in every way possible. Any calls, any e-mails sent to the company, Malibu mansion or the Tower’s penthouse are re-routed to his tablet immediately. Just this one time, he’s taking all messages personally. For his trouble, JARVIS so kindly reminds him that the risks of crashing his car and
Nothing.
“I’m so sorry about this,” Steve vaults over the hood and promptly drags the man to the tarmac with him. A few stray bullets ricochet off the car.
“… His room.”
. They’ll want to bring me in for questioning after this. Can I kiss you?”
“I get your point.”
Wrong operative word there. It was a deliberate effort to stay the hell clear from the circus. Clearly to no avail, is it? “I’ll tell you what, Steve. I’m having a go at the treadmill now, so I’ll come to the spa in an hour half.”
Steve cuts the line with a jab at the communication pad more forcefully than necessary, and marches off in righteous indignation. Two steps in, and he paddles back to take a closer look at the fridge. Specifically, at a piece of handwritten note stuck under a shield fridge magnet saying “REMEMBER: STRK-2188, Expo, Dec 1 to 4”.
Slowly. He’ll get there. He’ll crack Tony.
He needs to get a better hold of himself.
ready to drop. He hasn’t slept in two days. “I didn’t know you were coming back today.”
The collective hum settles down accordingly, and like sleepy bees, they hover contently mid-air. Steve heaves a sigh of relief. “Thank you.”
Yeah, no, to hell with Hill.
“It’s the… whatever it is in your body. It heals you. Your vitals are good.”
His fingers hesitate by Tony’s collar, and Tony stirs beneath his weight. He huffs wetly, “I’m tired, Tony.”
that immunotherapy is the cure for “Big C”. Turning on one’s immune system as the ultimate defence against aberrant cells is genius. No graft rejection, no delayed effects. He’s talking up to eighty percent of clinical remission and improved survival in rodents. Not saying it’s doing terribly bad in the humans, by the way. Emily Whiteheads was seven and critically ill with acute lymphoblastic leukaemia when she received the world’s first T-cell therapy in 2012. Three weeks later, the doctors couldn’t detect cancer cells in her marrow and peripheral circulation. Five years on, she still has her modified, super-soldier T-cells coursing her veins. Fantastic news all around, indicated by the pop of champagne corks planetwide.
Still, evidence first, speculation second. Evidence of SHIELD plotting Doomsday that he yet has, and must furnish the board ASAP. Hear that sound? That’s him banging his forehead repeatedly into his keyboard. But he
Steve has an arm wrapped firmly around Tony’s waist as they dash to their freedom. A mighty leap over the barricade, over the flyover, that’s all it takes. The bullets are mere wasted effort to the shield.
His own lips purse over Tony’s for the first, third, fifth time – his hand rises to cup Tony’s jaws as he responds with mild interest. This pay-per-view has no rhyme or reason – count on Tony for bullshit-on-the-go – but what a show indeed they’re putting up for Gary. The hotter his cheeks burn, the harder his cock gets between his thighs. His tongue slips into Tony’s open mouth, shocking even him – good, serves him right – and Steve presses on. He steadies himself, bracing the armrests on Tony’s office chair.
Then, the hyperventilating begins, and Tony slumps entirely against Steve despite the vehemence of being stuck with anyone in close quarters. The struggles might’ve ended, but the panic doesn’t. “Calm down! Can you feel this?” He plants one of Tony’s hand against his chest, right over his beating heart. “Breathe, Tony. Easy. Do what I do.”
Not surprisingly, Tony is still wearing a shit-eating grin by the time Steve gets a smokeless campfire going. There’s plenty of desiccated detritus to set alight, and he hoards what he could find before rain falls, piling them in a neat mountain beside Tony’s tarp.
“JARVIS, cool it, will you?”
, where a pizzeria is located. Tony doesn’t seem to have noticed how the crowd and traffic has thinned since the dead drop zone, content with staring out of the window. All the better, because Steve can’t hide the smirk when the
“Boston. I’m going back to school.”
If that HYDRA SOB has somehow activated Insight before the designated hour, then a hard reboot on Insight’s system ought to do the trick. Steve is heading for the hangar. He should, too. He should… be ripping out wires and taking apart engines –
“… Steve? Steve Rogers?”
rendered. So,
"'No unmanned aerial vehicle will ever trump a pilot's instinct, his insight - the ability to look into a situation beyond the obvious and discern its outcome'. A man told me that when I said in his face that the Iron Man concept was a heap of dung. Do you know who that man is, Captain?"
His hand darts out to ball up the collar of Steve’s masseur garb. The hem of his shirt lifts, confirming all of Tony’s filthy what-lies-beneath. Steve’s lower abdomen clenches with rhythm. He’s close to the brink.
“Have you gone home at all, Tony?”
“Ah, is that what it is? You won’t bench me, Cap. And I’ll tell you why. Because, I’m the
“… Not really. Not anymore.” He checks the ceiling nervously, and leans forward in his seat. “SHIELD is working on a comprehensive surveillance, targeting and likely, elimination of potential threats on the global level. The repulsor engines are used to fly three Helicarriers – not yet combat ready, from what I understand – but when they are? Look.” His hand darts across the table to flatten out the paper Pepper carelessly places beside her mug. “Look at this. Most of these items are innocuous, but you really only need three things to get the party started, yeah?”
. The Avengers is in good hands. You don’t have to hide them, Tony. Your nightmares, your sleepless nights. Your constant detachment from the team. From me.”
They don’t look like hired performers either. Or doppelgangers – no, he’s seriously watching himself and Tony lip-locking, hands snaking under each other’s clothes. Oh, oh, as if this cannot get worse, the video cuts to a tastefully captured scene in which his hip is joined with Tony’s buttocks, and cue a lot animalistic grunting and thrusting and –
In the end, Mr Tough Guy withholds cereal drinks, and provides them with only plain water. Out of sympathy – Tony plays up his look of distraught, eighty five percent of it was all him anyway – and he gets away with a carton of instant ramen and bread.
How he wished he’d ordered that fancy-schmancy tall flute of black coffee after all, if only to have something his nervous fingers to fiddle with. His heart does a somersault when the Agents look his way, and he wrinkles his nose. Stay normal,
heeding his call, that’s what. They’re all homing to the pre-set coordinates – here. All of them, even the odd one that, for some reasons, is stranded in Timbuktu. Some seven suits of armour are closer by, and will arrive in under fifteen minutes. He hopes he has fifteen to spare.
“Just you and me, JARVIS.” He hugs the Iron Man helmet closer to his chest as he sits on a large root. A taste of charred meat lingers in the back of his throat. “I miss Dum-E.”
“You’ve been on the run the past three days. Unless people start handing out government secrets on a pamphlet on the streets, I don’t see how else you could access classified information like this.”
“Done what?” Plastic packages rustle from the backseat, and one more loaf of bread disappears down Tony’s throat. “Jacking the TV van, or the blowjob? Be honest, they’re both highlights of your day.”
I don’t want to do this, but you leave me no choice. You’re off the Avengers roster until further notice.” There’s really no point in talking sense with the man. He gives up. He rarely does, but this is a lost cause. Steve’s hand is on the door knob once more. “Good day, Mr Stark.”
“… Regardless, I would advise against using the suits as collaterals in your unwavering objective of destroying Insight Helicarriers.”
What is wrong with him?
Tony grapples hopelessly at the generator, begging it to work
engaging the Mandarin on foreign soil. Who’s the Mandarin anyway?”
“You know, Rogers? You’re pretty familiar with this mortal stuff.”
So, imagine Steve’s surprise to find the car exactly where he left it. Tony, too remains strapped to the passenger seat, though the radio has been mercifully turned off.
Tony chucks the pillow off his face and chuckles. “Hey, Steve. You know it’s my last night here, huh?”
“Three slugs, no rifling. Completely untraceable.”
.” The exhaust must’ve been linked to the reactor core where power is generated. So, Tony lets go, and his body is thrown backward with the force of his attack.
“… Where are you?”
“Do you want me to tow your bots in? Dum-E is almost done charging.”
“Steve, you’re done.” Tony grips him about his shoulder. “Rest.”
. Left, right, cross three state borders? I’ll be there.” He merges with the traffic, and wraps his sweater more securely over the tablet. This is the
mounds, long thumbs dragging along the thighs.
Tony still can’t cry. Everything turns to steam. He’s fading, he feels it. Summoning what strength his body still has left, he instructs JARVIS one last time, “Initiate… House Party Protocol. Take the mansion down.”
Cold metal arm grasps him by the waist, and though he can’t see it, he feels the blunt edge of the knife grazing the underside of his flaccid cock.
No shrapnel. No residual casing of the arc reactor. No trauma to the bones, muscle and surrounding internal organs. He’s fine. Absolutely fine. He continues gawping at the film as he walks down the hallway, only half his mind alert and actively searching for his door. Which isn’t much of a challenge really, because said door has a huge portrait of Iron Man sketched with chalk. Flattering. A masterpiece. He’s eyeball-to-eyeball with the pastel helmet when the door swings open, and he finds himself staring at a pair of shins.
And it’s unconvincing. Steve’s cock is a prominent, distinctly uncomfortable,
Half-kneeling this closely to Tony, Steve notices the little things. How chapped Tony’s lips are, and how a particularly large gash is speckled with dried blood. A workshop mishap? Steve’s thumb brushes against the border, and it scrapes. Dehydration. And it’s awfully chilly in here, a fact he’s only come to realise since he burns like a furnace himself. The stress lines on Tony’s cheeks are more pronounced, the bags under his eyes a little greyer than Steve remembers.
“… Why?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Doesn’t surprise anybody when all it takes for Tony to come crashing to the floor is two miserable steps and a bump against the side of the coffee table. Steve sees it coming from a mile away, and collects Tony in his waiting embrace, only to be immediately
Coincidentally, Pepper leaves the Tower earlier that day. When he rings up Bambi at four and invites her to tea, he thinks she sounds a tad reproachful over the phone.
on one end where it ran cleanly through Tony. A dark stain is pooling steadily under him. Weakly, he grasps Steve’s wrist. “Will you leave me if I ask you to this time?”
“Keep your hands on the wall.” Steve’s clothes stick to his body in no time. “And keep talking to Clint.” He feels Tony shudder against his front, and it exaggerates when he rests a free hand on that narrow waist. This tanned, leanly sculpted body, so malleable like hot butter – now coated with body shampoo - isn’t the body of a genius-billionaire-playboy-philanthropist.
Trust Tony to throw his comrades under the bus because an impromptu mission isn't worth getting out of bed for.
The bank’s sideway door is flung open and Rumlow is first to emerge. The five-year-old is tucked safely in his arms, and he hands her over to the fleet of awaiting paramedic.
“Funny you would ask. Check this out!”
“Would you like to book another session tomorrow, Mr Stark?”
Tony’s about to head out as Clint treks past the sandy mats, but Steve stills him by the wrist, and plain ignores the what-are-you-up-to eyebrow-rise Tony gives him. Now is as good a time as any, right? The showers are located at the back, each stall separated by sturdy cubicles to afford users some privacy.
The exploding arrows are magnificent. Tony certainly designs them with Clint’s abilities in mind. In the hands of a lesser marksman, these arrows are nothing but low-grade grenades the shape of toothpicks. They don’t pack enough power to be lethal, and the damage area is pretty much confined to a radius of one meter.
Steve joins him in the cubicle – like, finally – and closes the door with a curt snap. “Upstairs.” Tony mouths the words “
“Yes.”
Tony peels the foil back and pours powdered flavouring over dried noodles.
Anyway, he’s here now. Why look back when there’s so much more to do?
“What?” he breathes out harshly. Tony’s leaking everywhere. “Wanna apologise?”
accidentally murder Iron Man in his sleep if he’s not careful. He showers and changes and hopes that the thundercloud about his head will lift by the time he gets to Tony’s door.
“I don’t know.” Tony is still chuckling. “I’m thinking it. I can will it. Boiling water takes more effort, but this is like breathing. Watch this!” Now, every finger of his right hand sports the same little flame.
Something rattles and an engine goes bust. Something smells
“… It really doesn’t work like this, Tony.”
He can leave Tony here, vulnerable as he is unconscious. Turn the lights off, kill the engine. Hide the keys in Tony’s pockets. Pray that no one will come an inch closer to the car.
“I am,” his voice trails off, and he takes a deep, calming breath. He does owe Tony the truth. “I am so, so sorry for what I did to you. And that’s why I’m leaving.”
Steve’s hand that’s still holding him still by his jawline slides downward, past his throat, past his collar, until it rests right atop the cold metal that is the arc reactor. “This gives you any problem lately?”
Especially the braking mechanisms. I fixed their deficiencies, because I wanted to make sure nobody –
“It’s not for the
The Mandarin, and Fury. Priorities set right.
That was a failed successful mission. Fury brandished the bill for clean-up, damage control, and miscellaneous logistic charges during debriefing. He did not hold back, and tore them a new one. Tony had the decency to keep his mouth shut at least, but Steve knew there was absolutely
“You got your issue under control, then?” Steve, ever the stoic soldier. He drains the soup and folds back the foil over his cup. “No more turning into the human torch?”
deserves your attention, too.”
“What are you –”
“I know apologies won’t change a thing I said and did to you, Tony. Maybe one day, I’ll earn your friendship again. Take care of the team for me.”
“Save for the Goblin.”
going on between us behind doors, locked or not –”
And OH. MY. GOD. It's over! I hope the ending is not too abrupt. Thank you so much for staying with me to the bitter(sweet) end! We have a coda left in the next chapter, and that's it. <3 A sequel awaits, folks. Until then.
“Have a seat,” he quickly collects a helmet prototype from a stool, so Steve can take it. “Sorry about the mess. My bots aren’t the best housekeepers. So, uh, I think Dum-E spilled detergent on the carpet around… there,” Tony points vaguely in one direction, and Steve notes a discoloured patch by the bookcase. “At least they tried. Got to count for something.”
“Stark? You awake?” He knocks twice. “Can I come in?”
“No, you won’t,” Tony replied suavely.
“Come on, Cap. I know it was the forties, but homophobia is so yesterday –”
“You heal, don’t you?”
“Sir, I detect an anomalous spike in heat generation and conduction on the underside of the construction –”
A shadow lifts and he’s forcefully rolled over to his back. There’s Steve’s face hovering before him, and for some reasons, the mechanical, three-pronged limb of Dum-E, too. Tony tuts loudly and wearily slaps away its pincher – it’s trying to pick his nose – and sits up.
“Get in here, Stark,” Fury barks, and even Steve jumps a little. “We don’t pay you that many zeros so you can snooze when it matters the most. And what are you Agents standing around for?” He levels a glare as intense as the heat of a thousand suns, and everybody returns their collective asses to their respective chairs. That should put to rest any doubts of just how much gravitas a one-eyed powerhouse can command. Tony, too is feeling the urge to pee.
He’s leaking precum into the towel, as it dutifully soaks it all up.
It’s a long shot, but Steve calls Tony on his private number. Out of service. Figures. Pepper’s own is disconnected as well.
is key’.”
“… Any news?”
The door yawns open and a figure promptly faceplants into the tatami mat. Despite the distance, Steve’s nose wrinkles at the stench of vodka. Even for a highly functioning alcoholic, that’s quite excessive, isn’t it? Tony rolls to his side, but is too inebriated to sit up on his own.
Steve’s wrist twists downward and a puddle of wetness spreads across the front of his pants.
– when a suspiciously familiar voice says right on the other side, “Have you seen Captain Rogers on the compound?”
Steve nods, and Tony’s gone in a heartbeat.
“Feels like we woke up the wrong side of the bed and fell through a wormhole. Into an alternate universe or something. Congratulations, by the way. You’re officially a criminal.”
“Tony!”
“How about this? You don’t tell me where he is.
“No, I’m good. Just checking. Swing by the Tower someday. We should catch up.”
“Welcome home, Sir,” JARVIS intones from the ceiling, and the lights come on, illuminating the front portion of the workshop where all his computers are set up. One, two, three bullet points on his to-do, but first thing’s first.
It’s not just them. The anxiety permeates. Rumlow sticks his head into their vicinity again. More Agents begin to crowd the space. The Reaper draws closer. It’s suffocating.
“… No.”
suspects.
“We need to warn these people.”
They go off like fireworks. The most spectacular he’d ever seen. He’s liberated, despite the
Steve stops his ministrations, and Tony seems to curl into himself a bit more. “So, payback, huh?” he sighs.
Steve washes Tony’s throat, his large hand closing over the a pulsing jugular. His fingernails scrape against the dips of Tony’s collarbones, where water sometimes collect, and spills when Tony stirs. Steve lets his other hand roam the expanse of Tony’s inner thigh as the other draws idle circles around the arc reactor.
Steve holds his hands out in a placating manner, and his demeanour changes. “You’re grieving. You’ve a lot to process.” It’s downright condescending that Tony feels his blood rush into his ears and the heat spill from his body. It takes only so little to let down the floodgates.
Tony holds the door open long enough for Steve to walk in. Every step feels loaded, seems hesitant. Tony makes a beeline for his bedroom. “Have a seat,” he shouts. “I swear I left my wallet here.” It’s not on his nightstand. Perhaps in one of these drawers installed into the study desk? He’ll be darned if he finds it here, he doesn’t like drawers much, such hassle. A shadow looms over him –
“Profiling, possibilities.” Steve leans forward and interlocks his fingers over his knees. “Just one of many possible futures. Imagine if Insight profiled you two years ago, before Afghanistan.” Tony’s mouth twitch a bit. “I believe in second chances, Tony. I do. I believe in a person’s will to change.”
“Tony, run!”
“Tony, get off me –”
“I’ll figure something out.”
And Tony has no idea what he’s supposed to do with that information. He
Clint scoffs, “Don’t you know? You’re quite the special snowflake around here.”
“OK, uh. Tissue. You want to blow your nose, Pep?”
What else has he got, if not this?
Tony’s baggy eyes widen in comprehension, and he nods.
“Help…
A candle flame wavers over the tip of Tony’s thumb. Its brilliance dances in his irises, and he bursts into laughter. “Oh my God, Steve! I’m like one of those things in your old comic books!”
“What does the good Captain have in mind?” he eventually says when Steve keeps mum. Clever. They can ping-pong the issue around but it matters not, because Steve knows this game is already in the bag.
“No –”
“We’re not expecting company. Excuse us, ma’am.”
“Are we going to DC, Stark?” The fight leaves Tony. He weakly bunches a corner of Steve’s sleeve, a silent plea for mercy.
“It’s fine, Steve. Wanna see some magic?”
It’s done. His heart stutters. He feels arrhythmia kicking in.
“Insight requires his biometrics for authorisations. Without him, the ships cannot launch.”
. My mistake. Steve?”
on Tony’s part, and that didn’t sit well with him.
The newspaper article fizzles out of focus, and Zola’s avatar reappears. “As I was saying…”
the fact that we…” He waves his hand pathetically over his paper napkin, before letting it fall onto his lap like a limp thread.
“We’re sharing. They don’t expect guests normally, and this place is fully booked.”
“Hey –
they’re supposed to be pointing their guns at. But, how do they decide
“I’m working on it!”
“Finish it yourself. You’re not driving.”
Steve promptly drops his spoon and joins them.
“No. You’re the first.”
the one with the phone, mind calling Tony for me? Ask him where he is, because if he’s not coming down for breakfast, I’m going out for a quick supply run. Ask him if he’d like me to get anything for him?”
“Nothing worth robbing, then. Whose satellites are those by the way? The Chinese?”
“Alexander Pierce. Secretary of –”
Tony would’ve given Steve’s PSA a standing ovation, when the door slams open and bounces against the walls, an
“Yeah? Tell them it’s nothing but a pipedream.”
The gap under the door slowly darkens.
your targets in remote?”
“… Sure.” Tony’s lips tweak upward as he thumbs through the front pages. “What about this vibrator?”
“Go to sleep, Tony.”
What Steve managed to scrawl across a notepad on the kitchen counter before he bolted was equally sparse and uninformative – “Duty calls. Will be back as soon as I can.” It probably doesn't really matter, but it's only courtesy. There are no curfews, no restrictions as to the comings and goings in the Tower. So the last thing he expects to see when he trudges into the common lounge one Thursday morning, still decked in his full Captain America uniform, is the Avengers assembling.
“Insight is going online in eighteen hours,” Steve weighs his words carefully. “The only thing standing between HYDRA and their complete control over seven billion of lives is us. You’re the
“Tony?” Steve reaffirms his grip. “You know me.”
Tony shakes his head, and Steve closes his fist around the base of Tony’s cock. A soapy palm slides all the way to the tip. So,
If there’s…” his voice breaks, and he pinches the bridge of his nose. “If there’s a chance’s chance that he’s
He doesn’t care if his face is tear-stricken, if his sobs are wet and wussy, if his ribs are breaking up as he twists and turns. It’s hot, so hot. Feels like every inch of his skin flaying as he’s stretched out on a furnace.
“I think about this sometimes when I’m away. Did you check if it’s still leaking metal into your blood?”
The man looms in his view, and he waits until Tony calms himself enough to focus on the syringe –
“Yep.”
. It’s been lived in for a while. But the interior décor is what completes the experience. On the far wall directly facing them is SHIELD’s sprawling emblem painted in gold. It’s flanked by the framed portraits of one Margaret Carter, one Phillips Chester and – Tony swears loudly when his shin rams into the side of a table – Howard Stark.
A subtle moan escapes Tony, and Steve squirms in his seat. This is
“What? Why? Isn’t this interesting?”
. Still so many scars.
Tony wants to play hero this time. Man the wheel for as long as he can, get them to their destination single-handedly. Let Steve sleep to his heart content. He promises, the first thing Steve sees when he wakes up will be NJ’s famous local delight, the “Taylor Ham” Pork Roll. Is that what Happy calls it?
One end of the cannula is smudged with something crusty and brownish – his own blood – and there’s residual liquid running inside the lumen.
“If you are indeed, Anthony E. Stark as claimed, tell me your favourite colour.”
“You’re still here,” Steve deadpans.
Tony stuffs his right ear with the earpiece and starts it. No chatter yet, so nobody’s active on the line, which is perfectly fine. It’s still too early for shit to go down. Two minutes of inactivity and already he’s itching to cartwheel across the canteen and juggle empty paper cups. “Hey, Steve?” He pretends to cough into his sleeves, and shirks his shoulder to jam the earpiece deeper into his ear. “You copy?”
the distraction, even for Steve and his bottomless volume of self-restrain. He draws in measured breaths to keep his head clear, and all the Zen bullshit just flies out of the window when Tony leans his back fully against the dash, legs spread as widely as he can on the seats.
She’s tough, he’ll give her that. She looks completely unfazed by his threat, and only after gazing into his eyes for one full minute does she glance at the flame, and smirks. “My name is Maria Hill, and I’m loyal not to SHIELD, but to Nick Fury.”
And another figure appears by the entrance. Male, tall. Certainly not as drunk as Tony. He strolls into the gym, unaware of Steve watching them from afar, and crouches to Tony’s eye level. Which is fan-effing-tastic – Steve hopes he drags Tony and his drunkard ass upstairs so
He slams the door behind him, and it clicks twice.
“Wait, wait, wait!” Steve struggles futilely against the Iron Man shackles. What’s impressive is Tony can hear the gauntlets whirring overtime, that it takes quite an effort to hold Steve in place. At this rate, Steve might own his ass after he pry himself free. “I haven’t showered.”
getting fired this time. No more lifelines.
fucking personal!” Steve hisses, and his glass of water tremble with the ferocity of their not-so-surreptitious discussion. All adjacent heads curiously turn around when Steve checks his surroundings. He resigns to leaning back against his chair and trading venomous glares with Tony. “We’ll have to talk about this.
, to be the champion of everything just and right, when the very institution he’s pledged his life to is crumbling before his very eyes.
the very flesh under Steve’s ear, in his attempt to probably peel Steve’s face off his skull.
So, Steve slides onto the floor, and leans against the edge of Tony’s bed. Slowly, and softly he speaks to no one in particular, “History knows Steve Rogers as a war legend. The first super-soldier who – fallaciously reported, I must say – single-handedly turned the tide of War against our enemies. It was a glorious title to bear. Captain America. America’s favourite son.” He huffs, and shakes his head. “Nobody knows the scrawny, sickly me who used to uh, foolishly get into fights I can’t win in the back of Brooklyn alleys.” He props a knee up and rests his elbow on it. “I’d be out sniffing trouble on my own, Bucky used to say. I didn’t have many friends. Not many were suicidal enough. Save for Bucky. Saved my ass from the bigger kids one too many times. Stuck with me after my Mom passed.
“Steve,” Tony pleads, steam accompanying his every syllable. “Am I going to die?”
The teleconference ends in under an hour. The strange EM waves subside fifteen minutes since detection, and SHIELD engineers suspect malfunctioning tech. Much ado over nothing, then. Steve bids Fury good night, and shuts the connection.
Steve puts on his down jacket and skips into the wintry morning. Things get odder from hereon. People in modern New York tend to keep to themselves on a bright, summer evening and become even more subdued towards year-end but
gets tangled, even by the end of the craziest days. He remembers her patented, quiet smile, the one that exudes understanding and encouragement, and means anything but.
“Here’s what
OK-ed yourself, and on the manufacturing side, we’re already filling up these orders. It’s too late to cancel anything now.”
“… Just great, Rogers, thanks.” Tony suddenly sticks his hand out, his index finger pointing at the toolbox. “The screwdriver.”
been a while since he last saw her. Last time, things were going boom all around and there were problems, they rhyme with “Vanko”. “Are you OK?”
“We don’t have evidence.”
“Everybody in position. Our priority is the safety of thirteen hostages in the basement. STRIKE Team Alpha through the fire escape, that will take you closest to the vault.”
this lifeline. Back then, he thought it was over for him, and he wanted Pepper to live his dreams for him. Well, he still wants that for her too, but he’s still here, and he can help.
His hand slows a fraction, and stops completely to cup Steve by his balls. Tony opens up, takes Steve whole in his mouth –
Steve discreetly slips his hand into his pocket, and turns on the switch to the anal vibrator. His own groin churns when Tony leans heavily against the car, glaring at Steve from afar with misty, horny eyes. Sure, two can play the game.
“Is the manhunt for you still on?”
Saturday morning, six hours before his flight back to Boston, Tony’s week-long business trip hasn’t amounted to anything tangible. No deals cut, no contracts signed. He thought of saying his goodbyes to Steve at the spa – his luggage in tow – but miraculously finding himself flagging for a cab on the curb nevertheless. Pendry Hotel looms in the rear-view mirror as they dash down the highway. Tony adjusts his necktie, and casts his view out of the window.
you, I’m gonna throw money at this issue until it goes away, permanently. After we deal with Briggs and her lackeys. Cross my heart and a couple of blank cheques.”
“You do? I was expecting a lot more fight from you. I even blocked the rest of my evening for this.”
“Sit up. I’ve something different for you. Don’t worry, no extra charges.”
“I only know half of what I’m supposed to be doing.”
Steve’s face shifts against Tony’s, and he pulls Tony in for a kiss, bruising and punishing because he can’t bear it. Teeth and tongues lash out as brittle frustration and fury finally breaks.
“It would seem so, Sir.”
Steve’s stomach plummets as Tony opens the door wider, the plastic back of it pressing painfully into Steve’s nose. “What do you mean?”
“Deep breath, Steve. You’re not thinking straight.”
He’s coming in. He’s coming in –
“… I don’t want to presume, but –”
Good God, the kneeling figure is soaked to the bones.
But, Steve still looks crushed. He rests his palm over Tony’s heart, and reassures himself with each strong, rhythmic pump. Warm and pliant under his touch, so different from the cold, hard steel of the arc reactor.
“Welcome, Captain Rogers,” a cool, dispassion voice coos into the space.
“Steve!” Tony forcibly removes Steve from his stupor and drags him to the elevator. They’re not going to make it. “Steve, we got to go!”
“Yep, done deal.”
“What’s the deal with the fire? Last time we checked, he’s a promiscuous businessman with a knack for tinkering, and I’ll stop here because I’m being polite.”
He drops to his knees, and takes half of Tony’s cock in his mouth.
clear that it’s unsettling.
The cliff itself is rubble and jagged sandstone, nothing else.
“… I was. Eight hours ago. We need to catch up.”
“You might not want to blow things up big time,
“Nope. You’re doing a fine job, Pep.
And the world, cruel as it is, puts Steve on ice and preserves his forties’ virtues and ways. They call him old-fashioned. Should he change as the tide changes?
Steve thrusts forward, his own arousal meeting Tony’s buttocks, and he keeps on rubbing. It’s pleasurable, yet miserably hollow on the inside, and his heartstring tugs as common fucking sense drills into his brain.
Clint, Natasha, and Vision, all lounging on the three-seater in the Avengers’ activity room let a beat or two of awkward silence passes before nodding hesitantly. Natasha actually twirls the edge of her bang with her long index finger and asks, “Are you sure you’re not overreacting? I mean, I can vouch for everyone that we honestly, do not care what you and Tony do behind locked doors –”
. It takes quite a person to conquer a man like Tony Stark.
“… Aye, aye, Cap.”
Before Tony can begin activating the right brain synapses to enact his great escape, the truck swerves sharply to the right onto an off-beaten road, one that Tony has
Steve soon emerges from the corner, and their eyes meet.
“Oh, Tony,” she hugs him back, and he realises it
All while staring down the lifeless gaze of the metal-armed assassin.
I owe it to him, Tony.”
“I heal.”
from the truck suffices.
The suite’s phone rang next to his head, and sends him jumping an inch into the air.
Timing is of absolute importance. Hit Insight too soon, HYDRA gets a head start in proofing the mainframe and flushing out intruders. Hit it too
“Love it. It’s supposed to fit you, isn’t it?”
“Right.”
Seven minutes.
Then, Steve’s smile falters. “I’ll be leaving for New York again in a couple of days.”
Tony’s mistaken. The dead doesn’t roam the Earth.
Deftly he plugs his reactor to a white cable and finally,
His bracelet flashes orange. Not so good.
“This.” Tony pats the top of his helmet fondly. “Must be Pepper. Smart. Did you rob someone? That’s a lot of supply.”
Steve sighs, and checks the dissipating hill of bread packages and water bottle in the cardboard box from the rear-view mirror. He
now, aren’t I? I could seriously…
“Always wanting, don’t you? Ever been on the receiving end, Stark?” Freeing one arm, Steve cups a globe of Tony’s buttock, and shamelessly kneads him in full view of anyone in the vicinity. “I can give you what you want.” He drags the tips of all four fingers between the cheeks. “Just ask.” Pressing into the entrance –
With a swift tug, Tony pulls Steve’s sweatpants loose. He thrusts his hip into Steve’s, their cocks and balls smashing into a mess of grimy flesh. “Why won’t you fight me?” It’s a one-handed clap, a solo jig to a lonely number. Steve’s flaccid cock feels cool against his erection, and Tony rubs himself against it with fervour. “You gonna let me do anything to you for Barnes?”
“Oh… shit. How did I miss that?” Tony starts jabbing buttons at seemingly random orders, and one by one the wall of monitors before him are turned off.
“Stark’s clean, gentlemen. Are we clear to go?”
“Remember Steve’s proposal about an integrated surveillance system for the Tower and the Expo?” She pulls out a palm-sized tablet from her pocket and activates its holographic display. He sees the familiar 3D modelling of Stark Tower. Certain aspects of it are highlighted in red. Those are Steve’s audacious doodles of improvement over the Tower’s blueprint.
“… Almost a million. I’m downloading this, then I’m pulling out. They’ll catch me watching if they’re still working on this.”
“The Triskelion.”
Steve clears his throat. “How did you get here?”
“Where are you?”
“Right. And you’re so sure of that because he gave you a three-inch deep stab wound in your right shoulder, three bullet wounds – one of them nearly severing your femoral artery, let’s not forget that – a dislocated jaw and clavicle, bruised kidneys, broken ribs – I don’t know if that’s from the CPR or him trying to murder you. Oh, that, of course. Barnes, trying to murder you.” Tony taps his chin repeatedly with his thumb. “Yeah. I might have missed a couple of things. It was a
“JARVIS. Where is Tony?”
. So, don’t sweat your sexual advances on me. Keep ‘em coming.”
To that, Steve says nothing. He goes to investigate a giant bookshelf pressed up against the western wall where a faint whoosh of wind is coming from. Tony hears it too. Since the windows are all boarded up, the next obvious observation is –
Steve sighs, and it feels like he just dumped the weight of the world off his shoulders. “You must’ve read it in the papers. The Lemurian Star, hijacked by Algerian pirates? Securing that ship was our assignment. Apparently, it’s just an appendix in the mission report.”
Tony coughs suddenly, his cheeks flushed with heat. His collar is damp with sweat, and Steve hears the friction of air passing through his airways. “So hot,” he whines, and reaches into their cardboard box of supplies for another bottle of water.
“… Depending on what you’re asking, I’m afraid.”
“Nice one,” Tony compliments as he nibbles along the shell of Steve’s ear. Curious fingers slip past the waistband, and Steve forcefully holds his pants up. That, or risks mooning the poor soul.
“I have. I’ve cleaned up.” Steve hears the clink of a metal belt buckle being released. “If you’ll have me, Mr Stark.” And Milos scoots to the vacant spot behind Steve’s seat, pulling his slacks off his legs as he goes. A sight to behold indeed – Steve glances at the rearview mirror – as Milos display his uncanny flexibility. Legs folded all the way up that his ankles nearly graze his ears.
And he’s uploading them direct from SHIELD’s mainframe. Somebody’s bound to catch him red-handed, if somebody’s looking. And somebody’s
“You OK, Tony?”
Fucking
“Yeah. Yeah… I need…” Incoherency. A dire need to breathe. “Need to get changed.”
The guardhouse looks promising.
He feels the colours mounting in his cheeks, and nods. The bitterness of his coffee a second slap to his ego. Keep calm, stay focused on the mission. He’s playing into SHIELD’s hand, getting all riled up when Steve – whose own head is first on the chopping block – still strives to stay on the moral high ground.
“… Then, how is the armour on me?” Steve flexes his fingers again, making sure they’re really obeying his movements. “They’re responding to me.”
They should know this isn’t going to work.
“… No. Not yet.”
He walks until he can’t, stopping to catch his breath. This will have to do. He’s looking at a small clearing, bathed in only nature’s symphony. They can camp in the car here. Maybe stargaze a little at night. All the time he flies locked up in the suit, going at five-hundred knots – never once had he slowed down to smell the roses. He might’ve flown through aurora borealis, he won’t know.
Trivia: Milos Masaryk is a minor villain in the Iron Man comics. His current alliance is *snorts* "Unicorn". There you go. I like the sound of the name, so.
Steve is on to Tony again before either can even draw the next breath. Steve cups the bulge between Tony’s thigh – surprised by the enormity of it.
one! Looks like… fuck. See? This is why I prefer my bots. They know how I work.”
Making sure his mouth doesn’t move as much, he mutters under his breath, “Very,
Suddenly, his truck screeches to a halt, the inertia throwing everyone off their feet. His gurney rolls forward until it slams into the wall, and he clutches frantically at the edge of his railings. Everyone’s panicking, so this must be unprecedented. Think, he has to think –
“That will be nice. But,” Tony pushes the shield into Steve’s chest, “to access them, I need my documents, and my documents are in my safe houses. I don’t have a safe house in Tennessee. None of them are anywhere close to Tennessee. I was supposed to be on my way to one, but the suit drained its power trying to keep up life-support until I wake up. No, don’t – you can freak out later.” Tony puts a finger hurriedly across his own lips. “We’re still in the open. Let’s get inside.”
“The current plan is what? Walk through Triskelion’s front door with guns blazing? Jump onto one of those Helicarriers and force them down to the ground? Kidnap Alexander Pierce and make him pull the plug on Insight? We have no plan of action, Steve!”
“Tell me to stop, and I will. But if you don’t…” he undoes Steve’s belt buckle and pulls it free from his jeans. “I intend to go to town.”
Because he’s still lying in some sterilised foam bed with bars on the sides to keep him in place, with tubes snaking out of his wrists delivering drugs and whatnot, hooked to a heart monitor because it almost gave out on him not half a week ago? Tony understands the
The lights come back row by row, illuminating the workshop in stages. Steve quickly clamps a hand over Tony’s mouth – it looks like it’s about to scream something nasty – and shoves him back into the mattress. “Be quiet!” Tony struggles against him, legs kicking out, blunt fingernails scrabbling at his knuckles.
He’s gonna be walking all over the traps.”
and before he knows it, he’s pushed off the dais by a dead weight crashing down on him. His knee collides painfully with the blunt edge of whatever it is – it sure hurts like hell, he’s too old for this crap –
“Clearly, I don’t know you at all.” Tony whispers as he throws the last of his morning wear into the laundry basket, and takes the towel Steve is proffering. “This is your idea of entertainment?”
“You can’t fool me, Tony. Take it off. Let me see it.”
The Extremis.
JARVIS informs him that Tony is still snoozing by the time he trudges into the Tower’s foyer. Probably sleeping off yesterday’s hangover. Steve’s still moody, he’s pissed off. He
“That’ll kill you.”
Steve wrenches his head up by his hair. “You’re doing this on your volition, Stark. Don’t put words in my mouth.”
Clint for hopefully half that time, and tries holding down the fort here in New York with Tony. SHIELD radars have been quiet for close to a year, and there aren’t signs of anything insidious in the planning.
“What about it?”
“You can’t give me what I seek. You can’t love me.” He won’t
“… He’s fast and strong. Had a metal arm.”
Two men are making out someplace Steve cannot recognise, but Guy A is most certainly Tony Stark, and Guy B is… this cannot be right,
Permissions be damned.
At least Obadiah had the decency to leave him the way he found him. The damage is irreparable. Not without the surgeons, his lab, and the spare arc reactors he’d personally delivered to the bottom of the Pacific. Obviously convinced that his handiwork will have a more lasting effect this time, the assassin hurls Tony’s limp body through the air where it thuds unceremoniously onto the front of a car. Tony feels the flesh of his back rendered apart by shards of laminated glass. A burning sensation informs him that these wounds are meaningless.
In fact…
“Pep… per.”
“Get us out!”
“SHIELD bases are many and scattered across the country. We can’t be everywhere in the next four hours. I’m rendezvousing with the others in,” Steve checks his watch, “fifteen. Try to reach out to all field Agents from here via internal channels, and circulate evidence of HYDRA’s invasion you’ll be providing Maria. The truth will speak for itself.”
“I can’t lead a mission when the people I’m leading have missions of their own.”
Emoting isn’t possible with android talk, but Steve senses hesitation. “Sir is in need of assistance.”
The man’s eyes narrowed, and Tony’s throat bobs. Something tells him this is not the best time to be a hero.
“… Yikes.”
“And you’re blameless? You walked into unchartered territory, severely undermanned and failed to consider the possibility of a second base of operation. This mission would’ve failed if it weren’t for my, dare I say, timely intervention and foresight –”
“The ship serves as a mobile satellite launch platform. It was sending up its last payload when pirates took them. STRIKE was mobilised ninety-three minutes later.” Steve pulls off the rest of his clothes and uses his soiled pants to wipe off residual semen off his thighs.
“… Your turn.” He makes to get up while Steve holds the tarp they’re sitting on still with his toes.
“About damn time,”
Just one of those moments. It’ll pass.
He hears the words.
“Copy that. I’m going in.”
Afghanistan.
He’s got to be blind to have missed the beam. He straightens his arms and jets towards it. “Those people won’t make it. We have to clear a path. How many more I should be worried about?”
Steve pulls up the handbrake and kills the engine. “Like right now?”
“… You? Worried?
sure is the effing time. The suite is a riot of activity much like Tony’s basement workshop. The recessed lighting slowly comes alive as motion sensors detect Steve shuffling into the still bowel of Tony’s lair. It still looks lived in, so Tony must’ve just upped and left not too long ago. Suspicious… very suspicious… and Steve promptly pushes an unremarkably bright, red button installed next to the fridge.
“Something about the necessity of working from the shadows. If we’re going legit –”
of things to bring Tony up to speed with.
Only, Steve is as limp as a half-filled water balloon. Maybe a quarter-way rigid after a couple of squeezing, and Tony quickly removes his encroaching hands from Steve’s crotch – already conveniently placed in his face. That’s when it hits him, both the force of his imminent ejaculation, and the deed he’s done. The deadweight in his stomach doesn’t ease up when Steve excuses himself from the room right after – the first time he’s ever left Tony to a vacant space at the end of a session.
Steve peeps at Andrew Ilnyckyj’s mugshot.
“Be safe, Tony,” Steve says again under his breath, as Rumlow closes his gloved hand over Steve’s shoulder.
“I got you, Tony,” he smoothens the deep creases on Tony’s brows. “I got you.”
“That aside,” Tony scratches at the stubbles littering his chin. “This is a new car. Smells unfamiliar. You bought it?”
“You can borrow mine,” a woman chirps from around the corner before a towel – out of nowhere – suddenly smacks squarely across his face.
“Because you sulk all the time? You won’t look me in the eye after you drop by the Expo. See? There.
“Calm down, it’s me,” the person pleads. “It’s me.” His arms and neck are released, and Tony spins around.
moments that he wishes he were senile enough to remember in decades to come.
until Steve’s knuckles brush against his as he scoots closer.
To that, Steve exhales slowly, and holds his tongue. He helps himself to Tony’s leftover waffles, and wonders if it’s worth playing up their PDA in exchange for authority over city clean-ups post-Avenging. That question answers itself that evening, six sharp. The main entrance to the Tower’s foyer is ajar, and it’s noticeable because it’s the
“I saw them myself. Three next generation Helicarriers synched to a network of targeting satellites. Guess where they were launched from?”
He’ll be damned, he thinks, as he bites back a moan while clarity phases in. Heaven or hell, this place hurts like a bitch. He’s upright, he wonders how, because he’s jelly all over. His vision is swimming, his balance is shot. Feels like 1999. That ridiculous fund-raising gala held on a cruise – it went on for six stormy nights and by the time they dropped anchor, he had already bawled all the tears a man could possibly hold in their ducts. It was
“OK. Right. Think we should help ourselves to the Army’s confidential files?”
“Buzzkill, J. Come on, send ‘em all.”
Tony freezes where he stands, one arm still raised in the air.
“Can’t –”
– we’re talking public casualties and a one-way-ticket to life. For you. Oh well, at least you’ll outlive your wardens and fellow lifers. That’ll be fun to watch. I promise to visit.”
Rogers,” and walks to the elevator. They’ll want to take this conversation somewhere private.
“… No, Sir. He’s preoccupied with other projects.”
“… I forgot you got skin so perfect, acne is just a four-letter word to you.” Tony feels like his life is just about to be flipped a hundred and eighty, yet he’s smiling at that idea. “Anyway, all in all, a rather straightforward mission.
But not without a cost. “May I?” Steve gestures at the bedside trolley. There’s copious amount of antiseptic to drench a body and enough lengths of gauze to mummify it. “My first aid skills ain’t so bad.”
“Who told you all that?”
“Language.”
“Fuck –”
The man drops him onto a workbench and Tony instinctively wraps an arm around his stomach. He’s on his back, putting off pressure from his broken body. It doesn’t hurt as much like this. Compassion, hey. Maybe the man will even let him go.
“Damn it, Tony.”
Tony follows Steve’s line of sight and sees a dirt track leading into the bushes. The path seems unending, the foliage too thick to see through them.
That’s superhuman feat.
Tony frees the sliding lock, and holds the door open to a crack just wide enough to show his face. “Jesus
So, this is how Tony masturbates, Steve wonders darkly. Fast strokes, with a choking grip favouring the tip region. Each man to his own. A layer of fluid in between their cocks eases the friction, so it’s not flesh on flesh anymore. Maybe he too is sick of feeling another man’s junk pressing against his.
He coughs, and Steve’s instinct is to push him up and help him breathe.
He smells cowardice from a mile away.
Meaning, it’s in dire need of some dusting.
“Yes, Sir.”
… Inevitably, happy thoughts beget trouble.
A way out. He
He raises his shield instinctively, and a quartet of STRIKE agents rain him with .22.
“Coming, coming,
Steve feels the heat of Tony’s gaze on him. How did the table turn so quickly?
His suits – most,
Steve turns right. This should take him back to the highway. “Where I am.”
someone? What if it’s the nice lady selling Churros downstairs? What if it’s
The problem with funerals and graves and dead people in the movies is that it always seems to rain when they happen. Clichéd as they may be, perhaps he hasn’t sampled enough scenes. Or maybe there’s a nugget of truth in that. He gets that it’s New York. In February. He misses the West Coast already. So why not go back? Tethered to New effing York by work and duties and honour and what have you is why, dammit. Which explains why Tony Stark is rooted to the muddy ground grasping a plain, black umbrella as raindrops tap dance above his head on a bleak Monday morning, his recently-unfrozen billionaire butt clothed in plainclothes as cheery as the day.
“We are?” Tony’s voice is still gruff with sleep. He sits up straighter. “It’s a four hours’ drive.”
Barnes’ body lists sideway a fraction, and a sudden glint of metallic sets Tony off to hyperaware mode. He blasts Barnes with a non-fatal supersonic wave – the same party trick Obadiah Stane used on him long, long time ago. Fun stuff. The effect is instantaneous, just the way Tony remembers it first-hand. Barnes drops unceremoniously to the ground, mud spattering on his pale, damp cheeks. He’s still very much alive and conscious, but all manners of movement locked within the casket of his body. Just to be sure, Tony prods him carefully with his toes, and decides that even enhanced individuals are susceptible. He reaches around Barnes’ back to retrieve what looks like a 9-mm pistol held in place by his waistband.
“Don’t cry,” Tony whispers, and Steve digs his chin into the crook of Tony’s shoulder. He shudders, and believes the last tears he’s shed has seeped into Tony’s pyjamas. He sneaks a hand under Tony’s pants and deliberates around the pubic region, fingers toying with a small patch of dark curls. Just waiting for permission. He gets it quickly when Tony clamps his teeth about Steve’s jugular, the tip of his tongue gracing the skin there. And Steve dives in. He pumps Tony’s cock in earnest, already slowly gaining interest in Steve’s attention. Steve craves for something else too. He straddles Tony’s waist and peppers all visible areas with tear-streaked, open-mouthed kisses. He hungers for… He’s done pretending to be so
“Jim? It’s Steve. How is DC?”
“Something amusing?” Steve gasps from above him, and Tony quickly wipes off the stupid smirk he doesn’t realise he has on his face.
“Mind your damn fingernails –”
? His punishing conscience won’t let him go a day by without remembering the lingering brush of Tony’s lips on his, the musk of sweat and blood, and Tony’s blasé response to his advances.
“Huh. Why am I not surprised?” With absurd ease, Tony ejects the magazine and upsets it, his expectation of one that is fully-loaded shattered by the fall of a lone bullet onto the grass.
They chance upon a truck parked under a large tree, and an appreciable distance away from the main hoo-hah. Tony must’ve liked it a lot, because he’s already cupping his face to the window, peering into the backspace.
“You’re not.”
They were fortunate that SHIELD hasn’t thought of wiping out Insight from the Lemurian Star. A cyber trail that obvious means either SHIELD isn’t yet aware that their little conspiracy has been downloaded and accessed by Fury, or –
All of STRIKE huddled around the speakers perk up with vigilance. Steve waves two fingers in Clint’s direction, who nods before hurrying off to the opposite block where his nest is. “Report, Stark.”
that he’s come back as the Winter Soldier somehow, I need to
“Steve, go around the bus on the count of three.”
honour his words. And it’s just like Tony to slap him back with the thoughtfulness and compassion shown to him. “Sure,” Tony says smoothly, his free hand already stretched out to grapple at the knot of Milos’ necktie. “Whatever you want, Cap. But I’m having this, too.” He reels the escort in with a hefty jerk, and expertly cocks his chin to a side to claim those lips fully.
The interns get off at level thirty, and Tony and Pepper continue their journey to the topmost floor in uncomfortable silence. She’s like a pressurised geyser waiting to go off despite a well-placed dignified smile. He on the other hand doesn’t have to feign nonchalance because he
how fast it’s going. Still, he stays.
This plight – strangely enough – humanises Captain America and Iron Man. Read the banner! Societal outcasts for their queer orientation. Gays not taken seriously, not fit to champion national ideologies on freedom of speech and expression of lifestyles. Keep harping on their hypothetical romance, if Congress were to say “No” to the Avengers’ proposals, the people will sooner leap and scream, “Homophobes!”
Steve bucks a last time, emptying his load into Tony’s mouth, his frame contorting with the brunt of it.
Steve blinks, suddenly realising that he’s about to stick his cock into a microwave-equivalent, when Tony suddenly erupts into fits of controlled laughter, hands fisting his hair into clumps. This is a
“… It almost feels like a diversion.”
The comm goes silent and Tony exhales a long one. Steve’s tone of dismissal doesn’t hurt as much as it should, but it serves its purpose well. Tony clears his throat and resumes typing furiously on his keyboard, a new purpose burning in his mind, when a shadow looms behind him that he slams the monitor down so hard the table quakes under the force.
“It’s me,” Steve grits out breathlessly, his good hand clutching the other. “Just me. You’re safe, Tony. Just you and me.”
“I’ll kill you.”
Over his dead body.
It has been a
“Maria, what’s the meaning of this?”
Steve plays the words over and over again in his headspace. What Tony meant – beneath the abjection – was why can’t it function the other way around? Why can’t the Avengers trust
get to them, to my work. You’ll know what to do.”
want.”
“… Thanks. Maria.”
“If you want to go all the way, we can.”
“Any reason to see me naked, huh? Feast your eyes, Rogers.”
“Sorry, I uh, got too excited and I think I broke your suit.”
“I’m sorry for what happened to Howard and Maria.”
“That’s different. Those repulsor engines aren’t weapons. They just make things fly more efficiently, and I’m game for anything that helps reduce carbon footprint.
“No –”
to catch the projectile – how thick can he be? – and he bolts towards Steve, not waiting to see if it burns a hole in the assassin’s palm.
“Wear this.” Steve snatches something black draping the armrest of the adjacent couch. He can’t make out what it actually is, but it has a zipper that runs all the way down the front. It has sleeves. Good enough for him.
Tony, still holding his gaze, untangles his arms to brace the table instead. “Is that why you stop coming onto me?”
about this, I swear to God.” And surprise, surprise - the scare works, for Tony springs upright, chest heaving with exertion.
Pardon him for forgetting the shaving foam and razors before he hopped onto the car and drove somewhere ten hours from DC on the fly. “I get that we need the gas. But, I don’t have the cash, and we’re
Tony averts his eyes and clears his throat. “It’s Tony.” He prods at his sandwich once. “So, how long have you been working at Pendry?”
When Steve finally leaves, Tony – in the company of himself – shakes his head. Even at times like this Steve is still lecturing everyone.
“Because you’re still a wanted fugitive? Because, if they open fire on you – and they
Steve turns to face Zola’s monitor. “HYDRA died with the Red Skull.”
– I –”
“Thank you, Sir,” the father of the child grabs Tony by the wrist, clammy and shaky.
The man loves his screwdrivers. They come in every size available, every shape. And hell, three of them Steve is pretty sure are customised. He grabs one at random – a Phillips size two – and presses the handle emphatically into Tony’s open palm. Tony takes it with him under the car, like an octopus snatching food and returning to hide between the rocks, when he starts whining and pushing the screwdriver into Steve’s vague direction again.
He closes his eyes when Steve aligns his cock to his, and pumps. Someone’s thumping on the wall – that’s definitely a neighbour’s non-verbal for fuck-quietly-or-else. They’re going to have to do the walk of shame afterwards –
Steve smiles wider, and the lines of fatigue miraculously ebbs away. Tony wants to take all the credit for that. “I’m fine. How’s your week?”
Insight's targets, if only to keep collaterals to the minimum. He knows those weapons. Shot from twenty thousand feet, no way the bullets won’t go astray. Insight doesn’t only target a person. It goes possibly for a twelve-yard radius,
“I do, Tony. I actually do.”
“Keep it.”
Milos lets Tony’s cock go with a wet pop, hungry eyes raking up Tony’s body from between his thighs. “Mr Stark, how do you want to finish?”
“It’s called compartmentalisation.” Steve turns to glare at him, furiously brushing his teeth as he does so. “Some businesses believe that it’s the best way to protect company secrets. Nobody spills anything if nobody knows them all, right? Now, you hear it from me – it’s divisive, it’s disempowering. Not a fan of compartmentalisation, personally. When people really want to spill the beans, they’ll get creative. I find company
And he chants that over and over again, over the ache of his burns, willing Tony to calm down and listen to reason. This won’t scar, but he has since learnt of the volatility of Tony’s newfound powers.
been proven true. This is it, the only one left in existence, and he’s hooking it to the generator.
“I bet the Interpol would love to get their hands on that.”
Retaking his place in the crampy truck beside Steve, Gary coughs a little. “Are you guys like, together?”
to target? SHIELD is working on an algorithm to profile people based on their past actions. SHIELD will use this to predict crimes, and neutralise threats before they even happen.”
“Tony? What are you doing?”
(See the end of the chapter for
can’t be that savage? Wide Awake aims to lock us up someplace, not experiment on us.” And a kind of darkness clouds Steve’s eyes, that Tony stops messing around with his mangled apple. “Steve, what happened to you after Project Rebirth?”
It’s less than four hours to sunset. That’s exactly how long they have to get a fire going again so they could dine on ramen and coffee. Steve passes their last two bottles of water to Tony, and then the pristine bag of Nescafe, and lastly the stink eye.
He pumps relentlessly, pushing Steve closer and closer to the edge. Half-lidded eyes, half-gaping mouth, chest fluttering like there is no air. Makes Tony want to tease him more. See him lose control.
Steve hears all that. One sentence speaks louder than the rest. “You were dying?”
The rhythm in Tony’s breathing rises. His eyes pop open, startling Steve –
Tony quickly logs onto the Internet, and finds HYDRA-slash-SHIELD on Google’s front page. He’s imagining this whole thing going down differently, more of Steve clocking Pierce a good one in the chin – like he did Hitler in the comics – so he’s free to make his statement-of-the-century before hundreds of reporters, their cameras flashing away.
“Tony –”
“… A quarter? As in, a room? I have a room
purchase. The first time he visits a sex toy shop he has to rally himself for the courage, clutching expresso in Starbucks next door. Facing off Nazis and HYDRA goons and not breaking a sweat, no problem. But, shopping for the best anal vibrator in a brick and mortar shop? Steve can appreciate online shopping a bit more after he oozes out of the shop, a non-descript paper bag in tow.
“I’ll make sure he behaves.” Convincing Maria to let Tony attend is the easy part, believe it or not. Convincing
Now only things start to make a lick of sense: the suit takes him in, goes on stealth mode and makes its way to one of the five designated “safehouses” around the country, because he’s paranoid like that. He has contingencies
When Steve first woke up to New York 2011, he wondered if he could crawl back into the ice casket and sleep again. Maybe this whole thing had been a dream. The
“Sir?”
“We just knocked his wife out cold in the wee morning, stowed her in some bush and I just lied to his face. I hope they get their meatballs to go because the Smiths are spending the next couple of days in Anna’s observatory ward. What are we doing, Steve?”
roll your eyes.”
“Can’t you keep your ego under control? If you can’t function in a team, I’ll have to bench you before it jeopardise the mission and the safety of others.”
OK, he can respect that. Every man needs time to stew alone in their own space. He drops Steve and his bags on the doorstep and drives back alone, and decides to check Steve off the to-worry-about list for the next two weeks.
“I’m good. We’re done.” The jumpsuit’s zipper sings in the quiet. “You can take the tie off.”
His hand will turn to ash.
is this guy?
“News flash, honey. Fury is dead. So, to whom do you owe your allegiance to?”
“Steve –”
There’s barely enough lights for human eyesight to function, but Steve hesitates to turn on the flashlight.
Tony freezes where he is, and the wheels of his creeper stop creaking. There’s tension in his legs, and Steve smirks openly, knowing full well that Tony can’t see him.
“Captain. Uh, yeah, DC is fine. Cold, like everywhere else. How do you do?”
? How good is the soundproofing in Pendry suites?
“… Yeah.”
“… Sure.”
He shrinks deeper into the alcove between the generator and a shelf, and stares at the man in terror as he stoops to push through the hole he’s made in the door. He straightens up, and coldly surveys his target. Tony is close to hyperventilating and pissing his pants, as the man raises his other hand. Only for Tony, he has another gun – larger, odder in shape – and he takes his aim, right at Tony’s heart.
getting hotter just now. Temperature climbing by the Celsius. Steve was practically melting in more than one way.
gives up! “And I thought I could throw myself back in and follow orders. Serve. It’s just not the same.”
Coincidentally, Fury emerges from his office as they march towards it. “Captain Rogers,” he greets, and his brows float to his non-existent hairline when he sees Tony – again, half a pace behind Steve. “Mr Stark. I was not expecting you.”
“… You’re upset.”
And, what are the odds? There is no need to try so hard to worry about Steve after all, because his plate quickly fills up with trouble, and there’s a second helping lining up. He needs to schedule an appointment with Pepper to see her in her office, he has to then
… His coffee cup smashes to the ground, and he’s suddenly keeling over.
“Hey,” Tony greets, and joins him. One careless sweep over him and Tony notices blemishes on Steve’s forehead and cheeks. Dirt, maybe. One or two scratches on the side of his neck. His fingers are chaffed. “Are you hurt?” Tony’s hopeful that Steve had the honour of introducing his super-soldier fists to the assassin-wannabe.
testifies before this special committee hastily put together to quell public unrest because let’s face it, HYDRA secretly wearing SHIELD to the prom? Steve is right. The people have to know.
The man falls violently on his butt, and Steve feels something gives under his fist. Probably a dislocated jaw – he was already pulling his punches – and he makes to grab Tony by his shoulders.
“I thrashed my last suit, Steve. I stowed it behind some bush in Tennessee. I’m a liability.”
“When we found out America had joined the War, we went to Goldie’s Boxing Gym downtown every day for two weeks straight. He taught me some brawling moves, and we sparred for hours on end. I swear my fingers were so cramped I thought they were gonna stay bent like that for the rest of my life!” Steve draws in a deep breath, and chuckles. “Then, we dropped by a Recruiting and Induction Centre. They gave me a 4F on the spot. Bucky was accepted. Anyway, the rest is history.
From the tail of his eye, Steve notices Tony covertly holding his right hand behind his back. The wiggling middle finger is not a coincidence.
“Holy shit – Steve, why are we back in
“I don’t like what Pierce is implying.”
happen.” Tony claps his hands over his knees. “Happy?”
another reason to get creative.
does Steve haul ass to SHIELD’s medical, eyes searching the expanse of the room for that one person he has so much to talk to. And he quickly finds Tony reclined on a sterile examination table, curtains half-drawn to afford him some privacy. He’s stripped off the Iron Man suit all the way down to his black mid-rise briefs, and seems entirely content to be left alone, unconnected to the nearest hotspot.
“They’ll look at us funny at dinner.”
He has some cool holographic tech in his vaults, but they’re primarily used for displays – for work and entertainment. Like the Iron Man mascot that zips manically across the Tower’s foyer to greet and impress his guests. Innocuous purposes that don’t double as smokescreen against a secret sanctuary located a mere five hundred metres away from the Triskelion compound.
“I’ll help.” Steve thumbs away tears and blood specks on Tony’s face. “Tell me what to do.”
. What injection now? What did you take?” Tony’s
“Would you like me to leave the room?”
“Oh?” Tony cocks an eyebrow. “Where to? A new job?”
“OK, this is really too much,” he agrees as JARVIS reminds him of the afterlife for the sixteenth time. “Filter out everything from the company, unless it comes from Pepper.”
“… There’s so much I want to tell you, Tony. About Bucky. About us. My past. Don’t pretend like you don’t care, I know you do. You’re… the only one who does –” A sharp intake of air breaks up the tension and Tony drops all pretence. He lowers the railing and sits next to Steve, who has somehow resisted doubling over despite having pulled a couple of stitches anew. He pants and grits his teeth, but the sheer
A bullet ricochet off metal bits. In the last vestiges of clarity, Steve pulls his hoodie up and arches his back, digging his cock all the way into the fiery depth of Tony’s throat. He needs to go – doesn’t care if Tony’s gagging on his dick, he asked for it – Steve fucks his mouth in earnest. Tony splutters, drool running down his chin and Steve feels his throat seizing up.
“I’m rescheduling my week. Which hospital?”
The camera rests firmly on Tony’s head. “You’re a Stark.”
“Hey,” Steve greets first, and stops to stand where the curtains are. The thing about the Iron Man armour is, Steve often overestimates how much protection it confers to the man within. The way Tony often brags about his inventions doesn’t help ground their expectations either. Lifting the faceplate feels like cracking a Kinder Joy egg. The cuts and the welts and the free-flowing blood never fail to surprise
“Be quiet about it!”
Every time Steve Rogers reminds him to take his suit with him is bad luck. Every time. Call it premonition, or foresight. It always comes to blows. Another villain, another purpose. Tony shudders to think what’s in store for them this time. He wants to tell Steve that his concern is better spent on himself, that he should watch his own hide when the door before them swings open again, and a solemn-looking surgeon emerges from it. They both rise to their feet, and multiple more come dashing. Half a dozen STRIKE members hem in the battered-looking trauma surgeon to the wall, anticipating, hopeful. She pulls her surgical mask off, and looks at each of them carefully in the eye. She says nothing. It’s the worst kind of verdict. In that moment she sizes them up, Tony studies the speck of blood on her scrubs and footwear.
Speaking of which, Tony’s the one viable… friend? Individual? Whom Steve still trusts isn’t hell bent on stowing him in prison. Already he’s looking forward to the extra-comfortable white Bugatti sofa in Tony’s Malibu mansion to soothe his battered body. Feels like lying on a marshmallow, gonna sink right to the floor.
catch a break.
He saunters out of the canteen as femininely as he can manage, makes damn sure he doesn’t walk with his feet apart like he has a dick swinging between his thighs. He follows Steve’s directions and end up in front of the door Steve indicated, and feels like his poop is holding up after all when he sees no signs of those pesky Agents in his vicinity. Lifting his staff card to the scan pad mounted on the wall, he almost wants to smirk when –
is staring back at him. Steve’s chest rises and sinks with effort, but the vigour is unmistakeable. He grabs at the railing and pulls, and Tony rushes in to support him.
“Steve, over here!” Natasha hollers, and Steve decides to shelve it.
“They’re still our colleagues, Tony. Be nice.”
“… We need to talk.”
“Is that English for ‘I triple dare you’?”
Calm the heck down.
He runs like his life depended on it – which in all honesty, isn’t an exaggeration in the least – and he knows he’s sitting duck sprinting down the boulevard in a dark blue combat suit with a freaking glow-in-the-dark silver star emblazoned across his chest.
“… Peachy.”
Fury gave him seventy-two hours to rethink his decision about resigning from all positions from the Avengers. To that, Steve reiterated up to nine variances of “I’m sure about this, Nick”. Of course Fury would ask why. Because there’s a thousand and one reasons for one to forsake his family.
“Do you think the Mandarin's emergence a coincidence, or they’re actually SHIELD’s?”
Then, Barnes seals his lips over Steve’s.
A silver arm swings down on him with intention to kill.
He kneels beside the port where the arc reactor is supposed to go. There’s no spare reactor lying around of course – maybe one or two cassettes of palladium but point is, he doesn’t stockpile on arc reactors. He blames his paranoia of evil people taking advantage of his tech. Paranoia that has
“Pepper is arranging for a press conference as we’re having this friendly chat, and I’ll be holding an official demonstration of BARF. For what it’s worth, this is free publicity for the product, so chillax, Rogers. I’ll clarify with the public – once and for all – that it’s still riddled with false positives, and this never happened, and
A metal fist breaks through the cracks. It retracts, and light from the hallway streams in through the gaping hole.
“Why?” He tears his eyes away from Howard’s acrylic eyebrows. “Is something wrong?”
“It’s fine. I won’t mind a pretty young thing tending to my papercut, but look.” Tony wriggles his injured finger, now glowing brilliantly in orange that the bone structures encapsulated by the flesh are visible. Steve stares at it in awe, but underlying all that Tony senses unrest. And Steve is justified to resent Extremis.
STRIKE is supposed to be above this.
He speeds off again, but with more purpose this time. He makes sure to check every vehicle, every
“Cap,” Clint’s voice crackles in his ear, “Is Tony in?”
Tony swallows his stream of expletives as he ejaculates at the door, his knees trembling, his weight half-supported by his forehead resting against the wood. Steve isn’t done yet, but he steps aside nevertheless, and quickly tucks himself back into his pants.
acquaint his very needy dick with his hand, not for a hunky masseur whose full name he doesn’t even know. Steve. Steve, Steve,
Even genius-billionaire-playboy-philanthropists have bad dreams. What does he see? Having to sip freeze dried instant coffee instead of the finest Arabica flown in directly from Sumatra? Sponge cakes for snacks instead of the richest velvet? Patience obviously fraying, Clint clutches Tony by the shoulder and plain jostles him until his book falls off. “Jesus Christ, man. I’ll tell Thor
They need to talk.
“You’re a dick, Tony,” he groans lightly when the wet tip of his cock smears gunk over the front of his pants.
“Security,” a sullen-looking Agent stops them by the barricade. “Captain, Mr Stark.”
“You’re Iron Man, aren’t you?” Steve catches Tony’s eyes, his own fierce with pride. “With or without the suit. I need you on the computers. I need you to front a digital attack on SHIELD’s mainframe to take the programme down.”
his point with her, which never happens, and it’s a great wake-up call to the fact that this is how it’s going to be when he’s not CEO anymore. As she puts it, “You may be the owner still, but this is no longer under your jurisdiction.”
Plan C, and there’s no debate about this. Ensure that power supply remains up, and that unfortunately means – his fingers clench over his ribs – hooking this bottomless battery that is the arc reactor to the generator, until downloading is completed for all forty suits. Decoding Steve’s pen drive will have to wait – he plucks it from the USB port and slips it back into his pocket.
Tony, on the other hand will be fine. The jump scare was… that was something else, all right? The few people Steve knew who vomited chunks of flesh usually wound up dead immediately after. Tony’s vitals were going
Tony only realises how far gone he is when the receptionist tells him the next day that Steve is on leave.
“It’s fine. Mission came and went and I didn’t even realise it. Where’s Cap?”
“Let me at least repay you for lunch, hmm? My wallet’s inside.” He’s
about a clear breach of privacy and liberty.”
Straightening up, he clears his throat and walks past Steve into his assigned quarter. “You’re in my room. Where’s yours?”
It becomes immediately clear what Tony is asking of him. “Take Clint with you.” He never lets his men go unsupported on a solo mission.
His words got cut off, he’s falling, and the next thing Steve knows, he has one arm fastened around Tony’s chest, and another holding the crowd off.
, so I’ll appreciate you sashay your ass up to Tech Support and leave me to my… balance sheets. I’ve a dateline, thank you.”
Steve says nah.
An astute observation, Tony thinks darkly. He would’ve slow clapped if it weren’t for his hands chained above his head.
we need his expertise, son. Sit down. Nick,” Steve tries appealing to the biggest cheese in the room. “Please.”
everything we need is
Christ.
Please.
“Steve –”
“Let’s try again.” The man grabs a fistful of his hair, and forces his head up. Tony can barely hold his focus. “Where are your suits?”
An instruction Steve obeys with much thanks.
The suite comes with complimentary spa packages – Tony’s delighted by this card that’s been carefully laid out on his desk – and immediately calls the front desk to book a session. There’s a masseur available in the afternoon – in exactly one hour, in fact – and Tony considers. He’s not very big on massages, but when he does get some, he prefers female fingers working his knots. Seems like such a waste to let a freebie like this go by though, so Tony says his yes, and goes to shower.
At the doorway though, Tony stops and turns back to him. “Rogers, aren’t you coming? It’s gonna be cool.”
“Yeah?” Tony leans forward, drawing his hip with him. “Don’t hold back.”
Steve jabs at the button and takes Tony by his elbow. He steers them both through another door of frosted glass. “Your security needs upgrading. Stop leaving your door unlocked.”
“Thirteen people are locked up in a
They say, management is doing things right.
“SHIELD’s.”
“… Found the fire exit. I’m going down.”
“Put it on your wrist. There’s no catch, just slap it on.”
“You sure?” He looks around, not understanding how millions of shards falling from the sky can all fall into the Potomac like God Himself has scripted this, and miss
in front of Stark Tower since the hearing goes online. People camped on the curb holding placards, trying to catch a sight of Iron Man. They don’t know he’s all holed up in Sibley Memorial Hospital and has no intention whatsoever to rematerialize out there, not when the crazies are everywhere. Which explains his docility, right? Zero complaints since the day he checked into a ward.
The whole scene plays out as clear as day in his mind’s eyes. He hears every creak, ever flap of flesh on flesh as Tony lines himself up. It’s amazing what imageries the human brain can conjure, to nicely substitute the absence of real visuals. He sets this up himself. He puts himself in this spot.
Body cameras on Rumlow and Tony show Steve everything he needs to know about what’s on the inside. A well-timed delivery of Iron Man’s sonic taser to everyone in the vault – a collateral Steve is willing to stomach and the Goblin drops ungraciously to the ground. Evacuation of the other paralysed thirteen is going swimmingly when Tony suddenly bellows into his comm, “Everyone get out! He’s got a bomb strapped to his chest –”
What is Steve Rogers doing on one beautiful Sunday morning, on a rare off day from SHIELD and Avengers duties? The same thing Tony Stark is doing. Tony is currently lying on a creeper below the belly of a car, his long legs sticking out. Steve has done maintaining his Harley Davidson and is quite content with nursing a can of isotonic drink and watching Tony modify the vehicle. Wiping sweat off his neck with a rag, Steve nudges Tony’s ankle with his toes and asks, “How are you holding up?”
“DC. Sorry, I left without a message. It was urgent.”
But life is equal part comedy and tragedy, and the rug is pulled from under their feet when rival company Juno Therapeutics announced five deaths in their ROCKET clinical trial for the same T-cell therapy. Five deaths from cerebral oedema is all it takes for them to scrap the programme altogether. It’s not fun for Juno. Company stock price nosedives. People’s faith in an actual cure for cancer has never been so thoroughly shaken.
People like Tony populate it. People who preach tolerance and gender and racial equality as often as people used to quote the Bible back in the days. A new form of independence and individuality that Steve still tries to wrap his head about.
Maybe the briefest moan of discomfort. But he never wakes.
“Nope. Been clean since we exchanged palladium for Howardium. Yeah, I’m naming it after dear old pop.” It’s unlikely another specimen of Howardium can exist elsewhere. It takes quite an effort to synthesise it. As is the case with lithium dioxide, he’s glad he’s
His fingers close tighter about Steve’s wrists.
He also spies a second exit from the changing room, and bails.
They exit the cemetery and cross the courtyard. Instead of going back to the car, Tony commandeers one of those park benches, inching to one end and leaving the other conspicuously empty. Steve settles in. They do have plenty to talk about.
This suit is a bit too lightweight for lifting a three-tonne mass. Still, he slips under it, right around the middle and flattens both palms against the surface. “Give me all you got, J. Up!”
“Likely. Well, speak of the devil.”
“Oh. I mean, figures right? Did you like, kidnap Mr Stark and bomb his house – I mean, the news don’t say it, but I’m just, theorising. So, you’re holding him hostage or something? Is that why you guys are… uh, maybe hacking into Stark Industries or something? For money?”
“… I mean, it
Tony taps him again on the back when he makes to leave. “I have a favour to ask of you.”
himself, on the other hand…
Steve is screaming at him. Steve is scared. He looks
“I haven’t set anything on fire. Ask around.”
A nerdy wet dream comes true.
“Don’t.”
“Don’t touch me –”
“Mr Stark, I’m obligated to charge you for last-minute cancellations, so you might as well –”
“So is Iron Man. There are lines we cannot cross.”
“You know, as much as I love to pry, but I respect confidentiality of matters sometimes – I know,
“First correction, I am Swiss. Second, look around you. I have never been more alive! In 1972, I received a terminal diagnosis. Science could not save my body. My mind, however – that was worth two hundred thousand feet of data banks. You are standing in my brain.”
Tony doesn’t understand what a self-healing body does. It robs so much more than it gives.
Walking off a lethal injury, boiling water in the car… he’s awesome, period. He’s really warming up to his powers. In between gulps of liquid monosodium glutamate, Tony sort of hangs around the backseat and makes himself comfortable as Steve drives them to –
“I swear to God, one day I’m going to kill you myself –”
“Yes. Not all are HYDRA. That much, I am certain.”
“We don’t know what it is. We don’t know if using this… this
And, God.
And wise man once said, don’t tempt fate. Something bulky thuds above their head, on the
Then, a face. Impassive.
“I’ll make you a deal.” The words spill from Steve’s lips before he can stop himself. “I will not tolerate rogue members in my team. If you want to stay an Avenger, keep your goddam toe behind the line. If you cross it, I’ll come for you.”
The mugshot of the masked, metal-armed assassin replaces Schmidt’s. Next on is a CCTV footage so grainy it doesn’t mean much, but the silver arm is unmistakable.
“Yikes.”
Not bragging, but transforming these cars into badass mofos is the least of his concern. Dialling up the power output, torque and engine’s responsiveness is his game plan. That sums up to replacing the crankshaft with a greater throw, exchanging the carburettors with something larger… only Mr Tough Guy doesn’t have one of those lying around, so, cross that. He did find a heatshield from the shed… waste not, want not. So, he sticks that around the exhaust manifold. Lowering the engine intake temperature increases power. Not the most elegant solution, but he’s not vying for a Best Innovation Prize 2017, is he?
The doctor immediately closes the door behind them, locks it twice and turns his back against it. Tony might’ve imagined a bead of sweat cascading the side of his face.
The man nods, his lower jaw in his lap.
– he wills the shame away.
“Shit –”
Steve’s knuckles graze his again. “Be more ladylike. Don’t walk with your feet apart. Use smaller steps. Do
and he said you’ll tell me yourself when the time comes. Clearly, you’re not about to, so I’m gonna pretend it was a… a cold, or some high-tech STD, I don’t care – but the fact is, you trusted SHIELD more than me –”
“Shit…” Steve’s fingers grapple uselessly at the handle when the door is flung opened, a pasty, plump man in his mid-thirties blocking the way.
does him in. He gasps and blinks unwept tears rapidly, his biology spasming with a flight or flight response.
watching Tony steady himself, and take the plunge for more. He doesn’t go too deeply – once bitten, twice shy – and changes strategy. Just a slight turn of his chin, all the right spots in the head rub incessantly against his cheek. Still feels like deepthroating.
unsuspecting being and buildings.
Tony pulls the sash to his bathrobe together with more force than necessary, and the fluffy cotton swished around his waist. He’s back in the same massage room, perched on the edge of the same bed he lay on yesterday evening. He swings his ankles back and forth petulantly, waiting for the masseur – or masseuse, they didn’t inform him when he confirms his booking today – and his heart does a little flip when Steve ambles through the door.
“Exactly.”
can be taken.”
Tony drains his steaming coffee in one big gulp, welcoming the sear in his throat. It feels a little hotter under his collar, and Tony wishes the chair he’s seated in could swallow him whole. Nothing about this is natural. From across the table, Steve is watching him pointedly. He thumbs a stray morsel off his lip.
Steve eases off a fraction.
Steve shoots him a look of exasperation.
“We need to check it.”
His mind isn’t playing games.
a concrete barricade. They should’ve crashed, but the drive is still as smooth as silk, like the barricade he sees is thin air. He turns around so abruptly his neck creaks, and lordy, there it is – the barricade their truck just runs into, intact and pristine.
has the downsides outweighing the upsides. He confirms that hypothesis when Fury wakes him up at four in the morning with one phone call, one Avenger alert and one Tower-wide alarm, each following the next after a fifteen-second interval. Steve is ready to move out in under ten minutes, but Tony is nowhere to be found.
Steve exerts just enough force to push past the tight barrier. Certainly too much for a first-timer to handle. Tony’s clenches up, and Steve stills. They go on this dance, gaining entry by the inch as Tony’s body learns to accept Steve. His cock has gone flaccid with what must be searing agony, but he makes not a single squeak, and Steve’s heart squeezes when he remembers this body he’s fucking has suffered through worse. And here, the Extremis is a God-sent. By the time Steve is fully sheathed, Tony has recovered enough that he’s back to masturbating, working his cock into a respectable rigidity.
His phone rings when he already has one foot out of the door. Steve’s calling back.
“No piezo in the radius of fifteen yard. Could be the Goblin. Could be a hostage. Shall I engage – oh, boy.”
“Yeah.”
“A tracker. Just in case.”
We’re not criminals, Tony.”
He owns many things now, and nothing.
The scowl on the helmet seems to have transplanted over to Tony’s face. “Sorry. I can’t work like this. It’s too clunky to shout instructions at JARVIS. I need a computer. I need to
“Right. Better not disappoint me, Hill. I’m allergic to traps these days. I break out in flames and pandemonium.”
“Yes! He’s here at the foyer. He tells me not to bother you, but I thought you’ll want to know.”
“Leave him alone!”
“Yeah. Did you hear everything?”
“… Meaning?”
“How’s everyone?”
“Yes.” Steve’s glad there’s chatter to fill up the gaps. “I asked him about these secret missions he sent us on. He said, he didn’t want me doing anything I wasn’t comfortable with. Some Agents are comfortable with everything.”
deploy that parachute –
Tony tries the door again. It stubbornly remains stuck, so he tries harder, again and again, until the door rattle in its frame and Steve squints at it. “Try your keycard.”
Steve deepens his kiss as his hand sneaks under Tony’s jacket and worms its way around his waist. His back. Something stirs in his pants. It grows awkwardly tight down there despite the bleached sterility of the hospital. This is as
“… Lift me up. You’re good with angles, Steve. Free… me.”
is how Tony sounds like, and that, Steve can’t get behind. Him on the run is exactly what SHIELD needs to cover up the assassin’s hit on Tony’s mansion. No way nobody isn’t the least curious about a legion of Iron Man razing Stark Industries’ owner and CTO’s home perched on a Malibu cliff – because that’s very low profile, happens all the time. That
“Of course I do,” Steve frowns. “You ran the simulation yourself. It’s effective.”
“Sir, I must bring to your attention Captain Rogers’ arrival on the premise.”
Nothing escapes him.
Oh God, he’s doomed.
“What choice do we have left but to trust the good men and women in SHIELD’s service?”
So, Steve leans in, and plants a chaste one on Tony’s chapped lips. This is how go-for-it feels like? Steve much prefers this over the bitter aftertaste of regrets. And Tony begins to grin, his
Lucky for him, losing his goddam mind in the late evening over wanton distractions isn’t penalizable. There’s nobody to impress, or presentations to kill today and tomorrow. Can’t imagine how sharp he’ll be on his feet, so preoccupied with nursing a near-perpetual boner. He mopes around his hotel room, alone, desperate for some cheap company. Not his first time… but those few weren’t his proudest moments either.
“Jesus
Come to think of it, they
There are jobs for him, all right. Mr Tough Guy alias sole operator of this majestic gas station while isn’t all sunshine and cupcakes, is still willing to compensate him for upgrading three used cars in the garage out back. Three 1967 Chevy Impala, two as black as coffee, the other luscious red he wants to charge right at it. No fancy requests – some engine tuning, something Tony is secretly rooting for because no way he’ll douche these babies up with say, a new boombox unit in the trunk or over-the-top hydraulic functions. Engine tuning is fine. It’s right up his morale alley, and by that he means greener technology for improved performance.
He keys in Captain America’s override code, and welcomes himself in.
“Each suit carries a sole copy of decades’ worth of your work, Sir. We have lost Project Tomorrow and Manhattan. The crude blueprints of Arsenal are stored in the suit you have just reprogrammed to explode upon contact with the northeast hull of the third Helicarrier. I remind you –”
Breathlessly, Tony turns his head around. He only wants to look Steve in the eyes, to
The boots hover higher and higher, until Steve’s crotch is at his eye level. He figures after two long weeks away and how frustrating it must’ve been for Steve – mission being a major suckage, as it usually goes – Tony thinks it’s only polite for him to do something nice for the good Captain.
“What? Something I said?”
As with the barricade, a warehouse – what must be the base of operation – pops abruptly into view as they drove past an ominous signboard that says, “Caution; bear in area!”. Their truck rumbles on before it parks itself near an entryway, guarded by heavily armed SHIELD agents twice the size of Steve Rogers.
“With Nick. I know. But we have to.”
“My heart can’t handle all these.”
As grown adults, sharing living quarters with fellow Avengers mates has its upsides and downsides. Steve is more than happy to trade seamless Assembly for decline in privacy. It’s either the Tower, or SHIELD barracks anyway. Same difference. Actually, scratch that. Sharing living quarters with
“He sets things on fire with his thoughts, Steve. Tell me I’m
“Who’s the girl?” Tony nods at Margaret Carter, whose picture is mounted on Howard’s left.
Step two, hide said colleagues. Tony whips out four pairs of magnetic cuffs and locks them about their wrists and ankles. A gag goes into their respective mouth next, and for a finishing touch, a full-body spray of nanofiber coating to project the desired holographic display on. A squeeze of these button badges activates it, which Tony now pins to their breast pockets. The bodies vanish into thin air as they take on the appearance of their immediate surroundings. Project Chameleon, ladies and gentlemen. Another lesson from Mother Nature well learned.
The body in Steve’s embrace twists a little. “You mean, you aren’t deaf by now? Your singing hasn’t done that to you?”
“No, no, sit down – look!”
He holds onto Tony like life itself. The spitting fire, hellish heat and chaos… goes on for far too long. In death’s embrace, Steve grounds himself to Tony’s presence, the flesh and bone a reminder of vulnerability – they’re not going to make it out alive. Not this time.
When the coast is clear, Tony whistles lightly and watches the clouds as Steve tasers the pair in their waists. They drop instantly without so much as a “You!”. Steve clicks his tongue. That’s the cue, so Tony leaps to his feet to help Steve drag the bodies into the bushes behind. Crude as it seems, this is premeditated. They’ve come prepared to the gills. Step one, knockout a couple of unfortunate Triskelion employees and steal their IDs. Speedily done, Tony notes as he nicks the lanyard off their necks and passes the woman’s ID to Steve.
“Me. Says here ‘Anthony E. Stark’. I’m on the list. Your name is here, too. And probably everyone else's in Fury’s hideout.”
is odd…
Borrowed. He fully intends to return it.
“… We aim to provide our customers with the best experience –”
” Tony jerks again, twisting away from those hands. His pants and briefs pool around his ankles, and the man again carves them up into smaller pieces, leaving Tony stark naked in the middle of his workshop, strapped to his cot.
He hears the bedroom door snaps shut, and
“He’s… the only one I have left, Tony.” Hearing that hurts more than it should. “To remind me of home.”
“… Of course.”
a construction area, there are nails everywhere. Tony Stark, dishevelled and worn shuffles towards him – stop
be a SHIELD to have. Ever. An international committee will be formed to ensure a repeat of such corruption to the highest levels of global security task force will never occur.
have cotton for brains?
“The press conference at the foyer.”
“He’s in.”
Steve starts pacing the length of Fury’s bed. “The command centre has to be in the Triskelion. Where Alexander Pierce will be, since they’ll need his biometrics for the launch. Where is he scheduled to be at noon tomorrow?”
“… You’re weird today, man. Water too hot or something?”
“You know that’s not true –”
Tony fixed two out of three cars by three o’clock. The challenge isn’t performing under pressure, but add Steve into the mix… he’s shredding through his supply of screws because memories of Steve gurgling in his sleep won’t go away. He tosses his spanner into the toolbox, frustrated and anxious, and walks to Mr Tough Guy, fully prepared to leave with nothing but a black eye.
