"You're being way too fucking understanding. Stop it. It's not like you, and you're freaking me out." John cracks one eye open at him and tries to smile. Sherlock closes a hand over his knee leans forward and kisses John's leg through his jeans. "What was that for?"
John’s vocabulary during our couplings was marvelously filthy and inventive, the result of an unrivaled breadth and depth of sexual experiences across three continents. The dirty words he whispered as he made love to me, his voice somehow both rough and tender, never failed to increase my arousal exponentially. The moan that escaped me now was so wanton and pleading that I felt almost that I should have been embarrassed, but for the fact that I knew full well the effect my vocalisations had on John.
He fell over Sherlock rough and fast, supported by his left arm next to Sherlock’s ear, while he skated his right hand up the back of Sherlock’s bent leg. Sherlock’s legs instinctively closed around John’s waist, heels pressing against the perfect curve of his spine. John smiled as the head of his cock pressed just that much into Sherlock’s loosened entrance, brought his hand up and brushed the back of it against Sherlock’s forehead, pushed his hair from his brow. The warmth in John’s desire blackened irises was aching, the intensity of this moment almost too much for Sherlock to bear. He closed his eyes against the surging emotions in them both, and John leaned down on his elbow, pushing inexorably into Sherlock’s body with a bone deep groan.
He shuffles into the sitting room, munching a piece of buttered toast, and grabs his phone from the seat of his chair.
Sherlock's head falls back with a low moan, wanting more than anything else to have this, this closeness, forever. John's warm skin against his, John's voice husky against his throat, John's cerulean eyes searching his face. It's so simple, so beautifully uncomplicated. He wants to be able to forget about the rest of the world, all things that could go wrong, that could fracture this fragile happiness. Sherlock cups his hand around John's jaw, cataloguing the movement of his muscles as he's kissing Sherlock's collarbone. "We can't, not without --"
“Because you say it. And social convention dictates that I should say it back. Yes?”
John breaks the spell first, planting one hand on his hip and and pointing at the sink with the other. “Wash your hands, really well. God only knows where those hands have been lately.”
.” He murmured, his voice gruff and strained, and tugged gently on my wrist.
he?” John mutters hoarsely to himself, leaning back against the wooden window frame behind him and bracing his foot against the brick wall.
“I love you.” Sherlock breathes in a hush, smiling against John’s lips.
“Good.” And it did, it hurt. It hurt gloriously, as Sherlock hitched his hips up and wrapped his arms around John’s waist, smearing blood across his stomach. It was rough and brutal and perfect, Sherlock’s teeth scraping across his back, his nails raking over his chest and stomach. John’s bollocks rested heavy in the crease of Sherlock’s pressed together thighs, his cock wet and throbbing. He had to come. He slipped his left hand down, trailed his fingers down the length of his cock, smearing precome over his palm, and then finally, gave himself a long awaited tug. The touch on his aching cock so mind bendingly good that he would have keeled forward completely except for Sherlock’s hands on his chest, the nails digging half moon welts into his skin as Sherlock’s hips rocked a bit faster.
“Yes. I’m fine.” He forced a tight smile onto his face, one he knew John would see through.
“Romantic?” John murmurs, bringing Sherlock’s wrist to his mouth, pressing not-quite-a-kiss to the delicate skin.
"What on earth is that?" His voice sounded funny upside down, like he had cotton stuffed in his ears.
Over the last school year, Rose grew from an acquaintance to become his closest friend at Hogwarts. She’s clever and fearless and has a wry sense of humour that Sherlock finds utterly charming. They’d written to one another over the break, mostly discussing summer homework and the impending N.E.W.T. classes. Rose plans to be an Auror, like her uncle Harry Potter, a profession for which perfect N.E.W.T.s are a must.
“Daddy, I’m not hungry,” he said to pull Mycroft’s attention away from Sherlock, who was licking ketchup from his fingers and parading his dinosaur chicken nuggets across his plate as Mycroft tried to feed him bites of macaroni and cheese.
“We haven’t even met the boyfriend,” one of Greg's brothers said conspiratorially, leaning close to John as if removing Greg from the conversation.  “We’ve taken to calling him the mystery man.”
I'm so sorry it's been such a long time since I last posted!  I've been dragging my feet about writing this chapter, really wanting to finish up the story in a way that you would all enjoy.  I'm still not entirely happy with it, but you've all been waiting long enough.  This is the last chapter of "Weekend at the Lake," but I hope you'll all follow the Little Brothers Mine series and read the next stories, too.  I have a lot of ideas for follow-up stories that I'm excited to get started on!
Bunny shook his head and put his thumb in his mouth, his pacifier having been left behind somewhere in the ordeal.
John groaned and rolled over onto his back, blinking up at Mycroft.
John sighed.  How could he explain that he himself hadn’t even fully processed his relationship with Mycroft, how could he explain that he was still in the midst of understanding just why he felt so drawn to ageplay?
Mycroft quirked an eyebrow.
John allowed himself to be manipulated into the back seat, where he felt he could finally breathe without a heavy weight on his chest, shielded from the outside world.  He wiped at the tears that continued to fall, willing himself to hold his emotions together at least until he was alone with Greg, on their way home.
Mycroft checked the laundry room, kitchen, dining room, and downstairs guest bedroom before starting to get worried.  He wouldn’t expect Bunny to leave the house without an explanation, but it wasn’t out of the question; most of the boy’s behavior that day had been out of character.  He was about to begin searching the second floor when he came to his study.  Surely the boy wouldn’t have ventured into his office, but nevertheless he opened the door to peer inside.
Daddy rubbed his back as Bunny cried against his shoulder, mumbling, legs tucked beneath himself to keep his feet and ankles free from the scary monster’s grip.
, Greg sent, followed by a few x’s and o’s.
The other tech removed the man’s wedding ring and placed it into an evidence bag, then continued on with fluid collections, swapping blood and saliva.  Anderson began bagging the empty whiskey bottles and fast food wrappers.
They were pulled from their sleepy stupor by a clatter of something falling to the floor and then a mumbling, frantic voice as Sherlock’s bedroom door was pulled open.  Mycroft and Greg were up off of the couch in a moment.  They made their way to the hallway just in time to see John hurry into the bathroom and close the door behind him.
“Good as new, kiddo,” Uncle Greg said, patting him on the thigh before helping him into his pants.
Bunny was so unprepared for Sherlock’s push that he found himself suddenly tumbling off the bed and onto the floorboards.  He was too tired and shocked to do anything but burst into tears, rubbing against the shoulder he had landed on as he pulled Willa the rabbit--who he could now reach--into his arms.
“Okay,” Greg said.  “So you went potty in your pants in order to help you feel little again?”
As he stepped out of Mycroft’s hold, John’s eyes wandered to the butterfly pull-up on the bedroom floor.
Mycroft cocked his head.  “I’d say fourteen, if you want to get technical.  You forget, brother mine, that I’ve seen all your ages.”
“They tell me to be big,” he mumbled.
“Oh no,” Greg said, eyebrows raised when he took in the sight before him.  “Tears on Christmas?  We can’t have that!  What will Santa say?”
“John,” the man said, voice caught between surprise and amusement.  “I’m sorry.  I thought you were one of my daughters.”
When Sherlock was as young as he was that morning, Mycroft had told Greg while the boys watched cartoons in the living room, he couldn’t be expected to pay attention to his bladder, and pull-ups were not enough to keep him from accidents.
“Just go in your diaper, already,” Sherlock said, voice cruel and biting.
He crossed his arms on the table and buried his face in them as Mycroft began the washing up.  He heard a flush of the toilet and a moment of running water from down the hall before the bathroom door swung open on its hinges.
John looked nervous, but Mycroft seemed to understand that Greg didn’t want to speak in front of their youngest, and encouraged John to follow the other man’s directions.  He set John down on his feet and ushered him away.
“Because John is not currently in time-out awaiting a spanking for a slew of cheeky misbehaviors,” Mycroft said.  “Now turn back around and face the corner, young man.”
“It’s not a contest, ‘Lock,” Mycroft said.  “Little boys learn at different rates, no matter their age.  It doesn’t matter whether you use the potty all the time and earn twenty stickers or whether you use your pull-ups or even your pants and get no stickers; your Papa and I will never love you any less.”
"It's alright,” John said, voice even and insistent as he crouched behind the man and placed a hand on the back of his head.  “You’re okay.  It’s going to be okay.”
But Daddy had not been amenable to Bunny’s pleas.  He had put him through two rounds of rather relentless spankings, Bunny thrashing about as he received slaps to alternating sides of his naked arse, his Daddy’s hand coming down without warning or method as Bunny kicked and writhed.  By the time Daddy finally agreed that he’d had enough, Bunny had shifted from his initial defiance into a weepy, pliable submission.
“I want to apologize again for tearing up the paper dolls,” Sherlock said, his voice soft.
He’d been a terrible big brother.  He was going to get caught; and, when he did, Mycroft was going to kill him.
“No, thank you,” he tried, hoping politeness would deter Papa.
“It’s too hot,” Sherlock said, sitting up and stripping himself of his pajama shirt.  He reached out and pushed Bunny in the shoulder.  “Get away.  This is my bed.”
“Sorry,” Greg said after clicking his tongue, voice light-hearted but firm.  “This expressway only goes in one direction, I’m afraid.  No turning back now.”
Papa tested the water temperature and adjusted it until he was satisfied, then rooted around beneath the sink for a few of Sherlock’s favorite dinosaur bath toys, which he dropped into the water before taking a seat once more on the edge of the bathtub.  He gestured for Sherlock--standing in nothing but a wet pull-up--to come close once again.
Sherlock gave the briefest of smiles before stepping into the briefs and letting himself be dressed in shorts and a t-shirt.  Mycroft retrieved Sherlock’s stuffed alligator and stuffed dinosaur from where Sherlock had left them in his bed last night--the boy had not been nearly as young last night, while caring for a regressed John, and thus had not brought them into the master bedroom.
Bunny nuzzled his cheek against Sherlock’s thigh and let his eyes slip closed as he twirled the long ear of his stuffed rabbit, comforted by the thought that, right at that moment, his Daddy was making his way towards them.
Thanks so much for the kudos and comments--they keep me wanting to update and write!  If there's anything you'd like to see more of, let me know below!
“I want to go home, please” he said, doing all he could to be polite, to hold back the whining tone for just a few moments longer.
“Want to wear pull-ups and get stickers on a chart,” he said, still staring down at his stuffed rabbit.  “Want it not to be so bad if I have accidents.”
Sherlock paused but did not turn to face Mycroft.
“Headspace?” John asked, grasping to keep hold of his faculties as each new revelation unfolded and choosing to ignore his own apparent lack of observational skills when it came to Sherlock's bladder.
Mycroft was right, of course.  John had earned himself a harsh punishment after using his fists instead of his words.  But Greg was hesitant about spankings, and was feeling both responsible for John’s outburst--after all, he’d been the one who’d permitted the kid to tag along to the crime scene in the first place--and conflicted about using violence to punish violence.
“Get off of me, Mycroft!” Sherlock said, sending Mycroft stumbling backwards with an aggressive shove.  “I don’t have to go!”
More than the ageplay and Uncle Greg and even Daddy Mycroft, John needed Sherlock.  He needed his roommate and his boyfriend; he needed his best friend.
“Not yet, Sherlock,” Mycroft said entering the kitchen, pausing Sherlock, who pouted and stomped a foot but stayed put inside.  “You both need sunscreen.”
“Pinky swear,” Greg said, smirking as he held up his pinky.
Mycroft was surprised when no whispered epithets followed.
When Mycroft texted that the crisis at Baker Street had been averted and that he was headed into the office to handle a few issues which needed his attention, Greg couldn’t help but feel as sense of relief.  However, the Detective Inspector was eager to gain more information, particularly after receiving John’s texts asking if there were any cases which could do with a consultation from Sherlock.  It didn’t exactly take detective work to understand that the morning's events had more than likely unsettled Sherlock and ensured the man was in desperate need of distraction.
By the time he was able to call off the barrage of requests from his sergeants and officers and finish up the backlog of paperwork which had built over the course of the past month, it was nearing dinnertime, and he was anxious to check in on Mycroft, not to mention Sherlock and John.
“You could be doing other things,” John mumbled.  “You’re busy.”
Sherlock had been left with few options beyond questioning Mycroft’s admission of affection, so, after a moment, the kid nodded, hesitant but without any ire.
“Well, that was a very big cry,” Daddy said when Bunny lay quieter at last, collapsed against Mycroft, exhausted.
“No,” he said, and then, as an afterthought:  “And you can’t make me.”
He’d found the pony cartoon for Bunny to watch after Sherlock’s dinosaur show had finished, and managed to distract Sherlock from the fact that he was no longer in charge of the telly by taking him for a diaper change and then setting him up with some blocks on the carpet at his feet.
--and how long had it taken him to be comfortable saying
“On my way,” Greg said, voice too-loud as it always was when he used the bluetooth in his car.  “Be there as soon as I can.  Everything alright?”
John nodded and yawned, suddenly tired after the emotional toll of the day and the evening.
“But I’m a boy,” Bunny said, and Greg was shocked to see the kid’s eyes welling up with tears.
“Dino?” Sherlock asked, craning his neck towards his brother.
It had been bad since Sherlock was talking about the thunderstorms.  He didn’t know how much longer he could hold it.
“John Hamish Watson, answer me please,” Mycroft called in warning, treading the line between friend and caregiver as a means to an end.
“Can Daddy help you out of your wet things?” he asked.  “You must be uncomfortable.”
And Greg could see that Mycroft was right: even if Mycroft had been able to discuss the situation right then and there, John was not currently in a space where he would be able to fully process the particulars of the circumstances.  He would still be reeling from his sudden aging up, processing the events of the day and the residual guilt and embarrassment Greg suspected would be settling in.
His eyes remained on the screen, but, unable to let go of his two-handed grip on the controller when he felt his desperation increase, he was forced to contort his body to bring the controller onto his lap, pressing it down between his crossing legs.  He was desperate, frantic to keep himself from letting go all in his pants.  He heart was pounding.  He didn’t want to wet his pants, but he could feel his control slipping.  He needed to finish the level quickly, then make a run for the loo.
You never. I tried and I just. I have to
John turns slowly, on his good side, and melts into Sherlock’s chest, his body heavy and chilled. His hands are freezing. Sherlock wraps his arms around his shoulders, and tucks his face into his hair, rubs his nose back and forth. Sherlock's wracked by long shuddering exhalation, relief, and fear, and guilt making it hard to breathe properly.
“Yeah.” John says, on a whisper of breath, just barely audible.
"You fucking
It was all blood and death in the end.
from tumblr prompt: Thoughts that always seem to chase me down in the middle of the night
“Honestly, Sherlock, I can walk up the stairs on my own.”
John sat back, pleased at the astonished look on Sherlock’s face. He wriggled his hips into the sofa, and bit into his lip through the pulse of arousal that coursed through him. "It’s been hell to try and get comfortable sitting down. Keep jamming the damned thing into my...I’ve almost come in my pants about a dozen times.”
.” Sherlock’s head drops back and to the side, exposing more throat for John to nuzzle. His arms tighten around John’s waist, pulling John up on his toes and forcing him to lean almost his full weight into Sherlock’s embrace.
“So, John, as it seems you already know, Lorne Malvo worked for Jim Moriarty. That’s why he recruited you. That’s how he first knew of your existence. Your connection with Moriarty, with Sherlock.” Mycroft says almost apologetically, looking from John down to his entwined hands resting on the tabletop.
Sherlock thought he'd known how this would feel, to have this, to be allowed to touch John and be touched by John in all the ways he'd always wanted to be...but it was more wondrous, more soul soothing, and more frighteningly vulnerable than he could have ever imagined. There was such a fragility about this, about them, that made him lie awake for hours at night, watching John's eyelids flickering, watching his nose wrinkle, listening to his sleepy mumblings, just in case. He didn’t know what words came after just in case, but they felt frightening, whatever they were.
“Yes.” Sherlock was practically bouncing with joy.
Please note there is drug use in this chapter, just briefly, but if it's a trigger for you, fair warning.
It's not a question.
"She said it's important to be honest." John presses his mouth to Sherlock's throat. Sherlock shivers against him, reaches his hand up and takes a drag, blows smoke over John's head. John kisses him again, under his jaw. "To - to tell each other how we really feel." Mouth over Sherlock's ear lobe, pulling. The barest scrape of teeth. Sherlock breathes out hard and presses his hand into the curve of John's spine. "So. I'm telling you how I feel. I want you. I've always wanted you. I've wanted you since the fucking second I laid eyes on you. I thought I lost you. I thought I lost you without you knowing." He trails his tongue over the stubble at the corner of Sherlock's mouth. "I don't know what's going to happen from here, and I don't want to wait
thing to say, but it doesn’t seem to matter to John, whose eyes soften and crinkle at the corners, and Sherlock loves him even more than he did just a second before.
Eventually Sherlock realises John’s breathing is slowing and his arms have gone slack. He's got to be exhausted. Barely any sleep for night after night, still recuperating from his injuries, he must be worn to the bone. Sherlock turns so they can walk side by side, one arm still securely around John's waist.
They stand there in silence, just looking at each other. Any minute John’s going to leave. Sherlock doesn't want him to leave. Doesn't want him to disappear into the night, a brief moment of connection gone forever. He wants to talk to him until the sun rises, sit on a bench by the river and smoke, laugh at the tourists who think London is all Big Ben and double deckers beauty and history and grace, who don't understand it's never been that, but always darker and more tortuous and more fantastic. He wants to walk on the banks with him, listening to the crunch of river rocks under their trainers and tell John about the science of sand, how the water wears down the rocks into nothingness. He wants them to drink scalding hot coffee out of styrofoam cups in the pink morning in some greasy diner, laughing at each other across the table. He wants to know the exact weight of John’s head resting on his stomach. He wants to trace those eyelashes with a fingertip and fall asleep with John's face inches from his own. He wants to see that laugh, those crinkled shining eyes, every day for the rest of his existence. He wants to tuck John into his body, inside his bones, and keep him. Never spend another day without those searching intense eyes roaming his face.
Sherlock turns to him, tears of pain and frustration trembling on his eyelashes. “I can’t, John. I can’t. I don’t know how to make this work.”
Time to get to work.
“There is no way in hell I can do that again today, Sherlock. I will actually die.”
it. It's going to bring up all the things he's avoiding thinking about - everything that happened in Bemidji, and what brought him to that. What came before. Moriarty. The fall. What Sherlock did. What Sherlock failed to do.
"What?" John's chuckling as he pushes up off the bed, leaving Sherlock's back cold where his warmth had been.
Sherlock doesn’t speed up, not even when his body is begging for it. Steady and measured, he rolls his hips, pressed without even a hairsbreadth of space up against the swell of John’s arse, his knee tight against the outside of John’s knee. John’s trembling under him, trying to turn his head so they can kiss, and making the sweetest, softest sounds Sherlock’s ever heard in his life. He could do this for hours. He could do this
He texted back quickly, before putting his phone away again.
John lit a cigarette and rested the ashtray on his chest, blew smoke at the ceiling. Mycroft. It had always been Mycroft directing everything, pulling the strings behind the curtain. Mycroft who had been there at hospital after Sherlock died. Mycroft who had made the funeral arrangements. Mycroft who had carefully and methodically kept John out of every aspect of what happened after Sherlock died.
He rolled down the window, seemingly oblivious to the rain blowing cold across his face. Sherlock watched as he closed his eyes and lifted his chin, his eternally furrowed brow relaxing smooth. “Ah, god, can you smell it, Sherlock?”
“Not particularly. I’m sure lots of people are this height.” John loathed any comparison with this weasley little bastard. He was quick to change the subject. “Tell me again about these two guys who tried to kill you. They think you did something that Lorne did? Tell me. In detail.”
"Shall I tell you, John?"
Sherlock covers them both with his coat, tucking it around John's legs. "Better?"
They emerge into the cool night, wind whipping off the river, the lights along the river blooming coils of fire in Sherlock’s vision. The bridge looms above them, pinnacles piercing into the bright white moon above. John throws the canvases back in place, lays the wooden planks across them.
John runs his fingers around the inside to make sure it's not too tight, lingering his touch between the soft suede and Sherlock's thumping pulse. He never in his life expected he would be placing a collar on anyone, but it's entirely natural, an outward expression of who they are. Not any different than the scars on John's arms, nor the tattoo inked with Sherlock's blood.
nice time talking to you. Maybe we could. Hang out? Some other time?”
When I awoke, it was to the sound of thunder crashing. My eyes were slow to open, my body overly warm under the blankets, and the noise of the storm outside only served to make me want to burrow down further and continue my slumber. I indulged in a few more minutes of lying in, but I was unable to ignore the state in which I found myself. It had been days without Watson’s hands on me, and I found I was absolutely starved for his touch, particularly after our interruption earlier in the day. My prick already stood half hard against my thigh, my face hot with anticipation, and my desire finally roused me from the bed.
"You - get a condom on and I'll - " Sherlock pants, barely coherent, and pushes at John's shoulders.
They fall into each other, mouths and hands and Sherlock half on top of John with a bent knee pressing John’s thigh into the mattress. Sherlock’s hot, so hot, sweaty and flushed, a sliver of mottled pink chest visible in the vee of his shirt collar. John kisses at the side of his mouth and tucks his damp hair behind his ears with shaking fingers.
When term had ended, John had a sort of vague fear that they wouldn’t have anything to talk about anymore. Or even worse, that Sherlock would stop texting, stop replying, just disappear completely from John’s life. That thought kept him up nights, distracted him when he was trying to study. It
"No. Bet you don't either." John sucks his cheeks between his teeth and somehow his eyes get even bigger, looks up at Sherlock from under those movie star eyelashes. He’s a literal fucking
He wants to
“You’re going to come in my mouth, and I’m going to swallow you down, like I’ve wanted to do for
“And I you, my boy.” John’s hand found the side of my face, his thumb stroking a path deliciously slowly over the whorl of my ear, the line of my jaw. He tipped his face up and met my mouth finally with his own, and I nearly sobbed with the relief of it.
“Well. Yes. I mean, we
“Oh, I’m so sorry! I -
“Even better.”
"Now, what, John?"
"I didn't ask."
“Sherlock, I can’t. I can’t possibly again, not for hours.” John laughs, as Sherlock noses into his armpit. “Christ, you’re like a sniffer dog.”
“John, you
"I just haven't done this. Often. A few times in uni, but - not often."
“Thank you.” Sherlock didn’t know precisely what he was thanking her for, but it didn’t seem necessary to. He sank back trying to get as comfortable as he could, his tailbone bruised from a night spent sitting up on a thin mattress in the same position.
"I play this album literally all the time, Sherlock. You must have heard this song a hundred times."
“No problem. Pop the boot?” He held up his bags.
“You are. You
“God, Sherlock.” John props himself up on his elbow and draws his index finger over the curves and angles of Sherlock’s nose and lips, lingering on that Cupid’s bow that makes him crazy.
"Good. Me, too." They lie there until the come on John's neck starts to dry uncomfortably and their sweat becomes sticky.
“Don’t, really.”
, Sherlock.” John’s words come out in a gasping sort of sob, the kind that escapes all the louder and more desperate the more it’s held in. “Do you really think, after all this, after everything you’ve done - do you really bloody think that there’s anything you could do that I wouldn’t forgive you for?”
, he’s got to realise that John’s done. He’s got to be more convincing.
“Alright…” Sherlock shifts, leans forward so their faces are merely inches apart. “What regret would you have. If I happened to be unlucky enough to fall off a third building.”
John rolls his eyes. “Oh, shit, I do too. I had completely forgotten. That’s my afternoon, gone.”
Sherlock’s stomach churns, and he fumbles to even get out a hello.
“Couldn’t sleep last night.” Sherlock says dismissively, waving a hand in John’s direction and clearly wishing he’d said nothing.
John turns his face tight into the crook of Sherlock’s shoulder as the tension in his belly breaks into a shower of sparks and he’s coming again, pressed close against Sherlock’s chest. Sherlock kisses his hair, rubs his hand up under John’s shirt and makes little humming noises as John’s limbs go weak and leaden. Sherlock’s fingers tip John’s chin up, and their mouths meet. John knows he’s kissing terribly, sloppy and loose lipped, but it hardly matters. They just need to be touching.
Despite himself, he feels a surge of deepest fondness for all of this, for the chaos and the noise, for the familiar sight of the Hogwarts Express gleaming scarlet against the blackened brick. Everyone’s shouting at old friends, jostling each other as they say goodbye to their parents and siblings. It smells like clean laundry and coal smoke, pumpkin pasties and machine oil. A peculiar and singular mixture of scents that stir within him the memory of every September the first since he was eleven years old.
John reads all day and makes long phone calls to Greg. Sherlock hunts for fossils on the beach and goes through a box of magazines about animal husbandry they find in the shed. They make love every night, as they haven't done in years. John cooks them eggs and toast in the mornings, potatoes and meat in the evenings. They both gain weight.
." John's whimpers turned into a long low groan as his cock thickened and pulsed in Sherlock's hand. He thrashed and arched backward, sweaty fingers scrabbling uselessly at the sheets and then bending forward to clutch at Sherlock's shoulders. He was right on the edge, shivering from head to toe, breathing in short little gasps. He stilled completely as he came, every muscle contracting tightly as he spilled hot into the caress of Sherlock's hand, and over it, long stripes of translucent white slipping across Sherlock's belly.
You buried your face in my shoulder when you came, whimpering and shaking, your hands pressing mine hard into the rumpled sheets. I kissed the side of your face and you murmured my name like you were praying. You laid there, all the evidence of my desperate need for you drying sticky between our bellies, until your breath slowed and your shoulders stopped heaving.
“I have a minor concussion, no skull fractures, I’m
“I do
“It was perfect. It was -- it was perfect, Sherlock.” John needed more. He needed Sherlock close to him. “I don’t want to talk anymore tonight. Everything fucking hurts, and I’m on morphine, I can barely fucking think. Just, can you?”
“Yeah.” Kiss swollen lips, John bites into the lower one and sends Sherlock a look rife with meaning, blazing hot. “You’re not going to get like you were last night, yeah?”
John smiles at that, because god, Sherlock is the most endearing human being alive when he’s not being a complete dick, and says, “Yeah, in my mouth. Yeah, I like that. Especially you. With you, I want that. I want to taste you so badly, I can’t
- naked.” John reaches between them, slick fingers and searingly hot skin, and when he’s inside just enough to curl his fingers, Sherlock gasps out a desperate little cry and his back bends like a bow pulled taut and it’s still -
But I was already slinking out of his lap, my kiss-stung mouth filling with saliva at the thought of sucking him. He groaned in anticipation and spread his knees as I sank to mine. I laid my cheek against the soft furred inside of his thigh and nuzzled him, inhaling his scent, at its strongest here. He smelt of black tea and good tobacco, musk and clean cotton, the Sunlight soap which he’d used in the army and never broken the habit of buying.
"It's a promise."
Please note references to/descriptions of self harm in this chapter, and fairly graphic violence.
his skin quivering with the effort.
“You seem quite comfortable with the idea.” Sherlock crossed the room and perched on the edge of the bed. He brushed his fingers over John’s hand, and John threaded his fingers in between.
John Watson. Even his fucking
"I'll sprinkle your shaving soap with slow growing fungus."
John reached down between us with his left hand and curled his hand lightly around my cock, stroking just enough to tease, his right hand pushing at my hip to rock me slowly back and forth. I braced my hands against his strong shoulders, digging my fingertips into the tendons as he guided me to ride him how he liked it best. I began a rhythm of my own, rubbing the wet heads of our cocks together and dropping my gaze to watch our bodies moving, the sight of us pressed together tip to bollocks sending a thudding pulse of pleasure through me. I shook with it, my shoulders rounding, stomach contracting.
"Sorry? You're
“Okay?” Sherlock pulls back from the kiss to watch him, to watch his fingers sliding in and out of him, to watch his face contort and then relax with every stroke.
Finally John regains some sort of muscle control, though his limbs feel like lead weights, and he pushes up slowly on his elbows to look into Sherlock's eyes. Sherlock smiles at him languidly, his face smooth and young looking, more relaxed than John has ever seen him. His eyes soft, so soft and black and dark golden green.
Bunny smiled widely and stepped forward to wrap Greg--and, because he was cuddled in Greg’s arms, Sherlock--in a spontaneous hug, thanking him again and again.
“Ready to get changed out of that yucky diaper?” his Daddy asked once his tears had calmed, and Bunny nodded, not big enough to argue that he was wearing a pull-up, not a diaper like Sherlock had been wearing all afternoon.
It was only once Mycroft found himself at home on the couch beside the lit Christmas tree--Sherlock and Bunny on the floor at his feet, dressed in matching Christmas pajamas Papa had presented after baths they’d willingly taken, and Greg pressed close, snuggled into the arm Mycroft had around his shoulders while they all watched Muppet Christmas Carol on the telly--that he realized just how much tension he’d been holding onto over the course of the past few days.  Christmas had never been something Mycroft enjoyed.  It was a given that time with their parents wreaked havoc on Sherlock’s psyche, but Mycroft was affected in his own way.  In the need to care for Sherlock it was easy to ignore his own struggles, but the fact of the matter was that time with his mother and father often caused him to question his own upbringing, lamenting what had become a rather lackluster relationship with a set of parents he felt didn’t actually know or understand him.
“Let’s get you sorted, then,” he said, gesturing with the hand holding the pull-up towards the bathroom off the bedroom.
“I’ll be good,” he sniffled.  The boy was pitifully cute, face tear-streaked and hair mussed, wearing nothing but a pajama shirt and wet diaper.  “Why does John get to go and not me?”
Mycroft knew he needed to speak with Sherlock about the newest development regarding Bunny.  He wanted to ensure that Bunny was supported and loved for the decisions she had made today, something he would be more likely to guarantee if he discussed this most recent development with his little brother.
Sending you all love and wishes for a wonderful week! <3
Sherlock was choosing to ignore the fact that he was having difficulty sitting still, that his frantic rocking back and forth, the jiggling of his legs, and his occasional desperate grabs to the front of his pants may be the reason he was losing the same video game level over and over again.
Sherlock moaned and then his sadness seemed to turn to anger.  He shoved himself away from Mycroft and stormed out of the room, mumbling about not needing anyone and how Mycroft was a mean brother.
“You realize I’m all wet,now, too.” Sherlock said when they had pulled apart from kissing to catch their breath.  The urine had spread across the bed to Sherlock, plastic sheet doing its job by not allowing any of the liquid to be soaked into the mattress.  “What are we going to do with you?”
It had been a tough afternoon--a tough stretch of days, actually.  He and Sherlock were on their first case since returning from their weekend vacation at the lake with Mycroft and Greg, and they’d been going non-stop for entire days, shoved back into the fast-paced nature of investigation without much of a preamble.  Triple homicides generally meant serial killer, and three different crime scenes definitely meant numerous leads deduced by Sherlock and in need of tracing.
He knocked and soon found himself face to face with his rather exasperated-looking little brother.
John was frustrated by Mycroft’s prompting.  Whether from lack of sleep or from emotional struggle, John glared up at Mycroft in a warning.  He was not young, he wasn’t pliable or impressionable, and whatever it was Mycroft was hoping to get him to admit to--that he was afraid Mycroft couldn’t be his Daddy anymore? That he worried he’d changed things between himself and Sherlock, or Mycroft and Sherlock, forever? That he’d needed his Daddy more than anything all day and hadn’t been able to ask for him?-- wasn’t going to be spoken aloud no matter how much Mycroft prompted.
John wasn't sure how he was doing.  He was relieved that he had heard from Harry, relieved she had been lucid enough to hold a conversation through text.  But the contrast between Greg's warm, tight-knit, and laughing family against his scattered, solitary, and uncommunicative own was disconcerting.
“I’m fine,” he said, clearing his throat as he heard approaching sirens in the distance.
Mycroft sighed, glancing down at Sherlock knowingly.  It was clear he knew the ploy Sherlock was attempting.
John had been emerging in Bunny’s mind all morning, making him feel out of sorts and anxious as his adult self attempted to push aside the Bunny in order to better process and address Sherlock’s erratic behavior.
“Thank you, Papa,” Bunny said, eyes filling with tears which she tried to blink away.
“Yes, Sherlock?” Mycroft asked, steeling himself against sighing over his brother’s upteenth question that evening.
Bunny cried harder at the thought of standing naked except for a wet pull-up, feeling vulnerable and little and not at all like a big, brave boy.
“You have to be very careful with your choice of words, buddy,” he said, watching to make sure Sherlock kept eye-contact.  “When you said you didn’t like Bunny when she wasn’t normal, you had just said you didn’t like girls.  That made Bunny and Daddy and Papa think that you were calling Bunny abnormal for wanting to be a girl, which is a very mean thing to say.  Do you understand why that hurt Bunny?”
“Okay, baby,” he said.  "I'd like that."
“Would you like me to grab your suitcase from the back?  You can sleep for a while if you want.”
“Everything okay?” Greg asked, obviously having noticed Mycroft’s hesitancy.
“I’ve got you, ‘Lock,” Mycroft said as Sherlock squirmed into place.  “I’m right here.”
Sherlock had smiled for the first time all night when he saw the plush animal, leaping onto the bed and pulling it into his arms before rubbing his face against the dinosaur’s soft backplates.
“This is not just a desire, Mycroft,” Greg explained, assured and firm.  “This is a part of him.  What's best for John is that we allow him to express himself in this way.”
Greg was unsure of where the boy’s mind was at the moment, but he’d rather the boy not injure himself by attempting to hold onto his urine any longer than he had to.  If the boy was suddenly feeling an intense aversion to using the loo, what was the real harm?  The kid had had a hard day, and seats could be cleaned.
Out of the corner of his eye, he could see Papa and Mycroft sharing a glance, and knew he wasn’t exactly doing a great job of keeping them from suspicion.  Luckily, they seemed to sense he was not in the mood for talking, and turned to chat with Bunny for long minutes about the games he had played that morning and the pictures he had colored and the plans he had for the afternoon.
John lay on his stomach in the living room, kicking his feet as he colored with the glitter crayons his Daddy had bought for him.  And when he felt the pressure in his bladder from the water Greg had given him the last time he put him to bed and the tea and the orange juice from that morning, he felt only the smallest hint of guilt when he paused the scribbling of his green crayon and began to pee.
It's been a really busy week but you've all been so patient I thought I'd give you two chapters today!
Mycroft smiled down at John.  “Okay, sweet boy.  Let's say another quick 'goodnight' to your brother and then it's time for sleep.”
Through ageplay, Greg had come to understand Sherlock far better than he ever had before.  He had always seen the potential in the man for goodness, and, in their Uncle Greg and little Sherlock relationship, that goodness had been confirmed.  Sherlock’s bravado was a cover for his vulnerability, his gruff nature a cover for his confusion about human nature.  Greg had come to see, with Mycroft and John’s help, just how much Sherlock needed to be cared for, just how much encouragement could do for the man.  He felt protective of Sherlock’s state of mind, and knew that, had anyone else caused Sherlock the amount of pain he himself just had, he would not have hesitated to set the jerk straight with his fists.
What if Papa and Daddy argued like they had after that time at the grocery store?  Bunny knew he shouldn’t have, but he had listened at the top of the stairs at the lake house while Papa and Daddy first discussed Bunny wanting to wear pink pull-ups and his Little Mermaid nightshirt.  He had only listened for a moment before feeling himself aging up and retreating to the bedroom, but the guilt he had felt over causing a rift in his Daddy and Papa’s relationship had been all-consuming.
“Count for me, brother mine,” Mycroft reminded.
Mycroft glanced into the living room to see Sherlock, who had clearly been watching them and had witnessed their kiss, stick out his tongue in a gesture of disgust.  He had never been a proponent of seeing Mycroft and Greg in any type of romantic situation.  He quickly lost attention as Greg and Mycroft laughed, and returned to telling Bunny which colors he should use on his princess coloring page.
Greg shrugged and smirked.
Bunny shook his head.
(See the end of the chapter for
The game continued on, Sherlock forcing Bunny to read a map that only made sense to Sherlock himself, Sherlock untying Bunny from the column only to traipse him around the attic and then tie him to the staircase railing, which he said was the captain’s cabin, or to force him to pull heavy boxes from one side of the attic to another, his onboard chores as a captured prisoner.
It was Sherlock who giggled first, snorting in amusement.  Bunny was nervous, scared Sherlock was making fun, but Sherlock’s eyes were warm, and when he realized the man was simply entertained by the ridiculousness of the situation and Bunny’s classification of the soaked bed as a ‘little accident,’ he found that he couldn’t help but catch onto Sherlock’s silliness.  Releasing the breath he had been holding, John giggled with Sherlock.
Mycroft, ever emotionally constant, seemed unphased.
Mycroft hoisted himself from the chair with a sigh and crossed to the window, glass of bourbon in hand.
“I’ll stay right here with you, love.  Until you tell me otherwise, okay?”
“It’s possible he’s sublimating his rage,” Mycroft agreed.  “He’s still particularly vulnerable to feelings of inadequacy while young, and I’m sure he saw that way his own father’s anger contributed to his dysfunctional family dynamic while growing up.  He may be modifying his anger out of a fear of rejection. ”
The man must have seen the broken lamp, maybe even the glass he'd used. But he wasn't yelling or pulling Sherlock's body this way and that in a desperate search for wounds.  Papa’s distance made Sherlock feel respected, maybe even in-charge.
Mycroft breathed a gentle laugh.
“Bud, did the Bunny tell you he wanted to be fed?” Mycroft asked, ignoring for the moment how much of a drama queen Sherlock was being about his vegetables.
It was only when he shifted on the seat and pressed his legs together involuntarily that he realized with a blush what he was going to have to do.
Warnings for gender confusion and general angst, in case either of those topics may be triggering for you.
“A witness pegged the getaway car,” Greg explained as he stepped close once more.
“Yes.  It’s never okay to wander away from me or your Uncle Greg.  You broke one of our most important rules, and you need to be punished for that.”
Bunny’s eyes widened and he could not hide his happiness.  He smiled and reached for the nightgown, pulling it to his chest in a hug.
Sherlock twisted his face against Mycroft’s stomach.
“I don’t want to show them,” Bunny mumbled, knuckling at his eye.  He couldn’t stand the thought of having to present Sherlock with the toys he’d chosen as his Daddy looked on.  He'd wanted to show the new toys right to his Daddy, but now he worried over the thought of his Daddy judging the pretty dolls and the snuggly bunny.  They suddenly seemed silly, somehow wrong, and he hoped they would just stay hidden away in the bags from the store.  “Just want to go nap.”
“Okay, bud.  I’m proud of you for being brave,” Mycroft said.  John beamed at the praise.  He was desperate for praise, and, unlike Sherlock, did not shrug off positive encouragement.  As the oldest child of his family, John was used to giving encouragement, and he had rarely received it back.
Greg ran a hand up John’s shoulder to cup the back of his neck.  He squeezed gently, helping to ground John.  It was exactly what John needed to keep him from dissolving further into sobs, and he was grateful for the gesture.
It was a relief to know they would soon find themselves surrounded by others; the bustle of canvassing a crime scene would help to distract him, or, at the very least, distract Greg.  He needed to escape Greg’s presence, needed to separate himself before he cried and told him he was sad and asked to be held, before he slipped into Bunny and started asking why some Daddies were bad.
“Hey, kiddo,” Greg smiled.  “Want to help us cook dinner?”
And, as Mycroft comforted Sherlock late at night, as the boy’s pain threatened to consume them both, he began to regret not taking more of an active role in attempting to decipher his little sister’s rhyme.  Eurus had rather strange mannerisms, yes, but even Mycroft hadn’t assumed she was truly responsible for Victor Trevor’s disappearance.  He should have placed more stock in Sherlock’s worry.  He should have tried harder to find Sherlock’s best friend.
“Is Bunny a girl, now?”
Mycroft did not agree, as John expected.  He simply hummed, and then was silent once more.  John was forced to come to terms with the fact that Mycroft was more than likely waiting for John to begin the conversation.
"Ready?"
“Mycroft?” John asked.
“Not even if it means we can go down to explore the stupid lake?” Greg said with a smirk as he crossed into the kitchen to pour himself a fresh cup of coffee.  “Maybe take a few stupid samples for stupid analysis?”
He couldn’t tell Mycroft.  What if he was mad?  If he clicked his tongue and rolled his eyes, sighing in disappointment as he sent him to clean himself up?  Sherlock had been bratty all day, and Mycroft didn’t usually let him forget bad behavior.  The prospect of telling Papa was just as bad: the man would baby and coddle and remind him that he should always use the loo as soon as he felt the need.  What if he took out the dumb training chart and made Sherlock write an ‘X’ on it? Then everyone would know he’d wet himself the first day and was nothing more than a baby.
“Did you have a nightmare?” Sherlock asked, and Bunny nodded against him.
“Need blankie, Papa,” Bunny said, and Greg, nodding, held up a finger to signal to the boy that he’d have it for him in just a moment before slipping back into Bunny’s room.
Mycroft shifted away from his caretaker role, knowing neither man appreciated being babied while not in headspace.
Bunny whined a bit, and hugged his rabbit and blanket closer to him, but he let Daddy remove the pacifier from his mouth.
“You owe Bunny an explanation and an apology,” Mycroft said, helping Sherlock dress in comfortable clothing.  Mycroft was still distant, cold, and Sherlock simply nodded, sheepish.
“Alright, princess?” he asked, and Bunny smiled wide.
“I don’t know what Sherlock told you, Greg,” John said, trying but failing to speak with conviction and force.  “But I’m fine.  You can go home.”
"Sorry, Lock," Mycroft said.
John sighed.  “I haven't done that since I was a kid,” he said, a touch of anger in his voice which Mycroft knew John directed inward towards himself.  “I'm embarrassed. What if people saw?”
Mycroft stood by the window of the master bedroom while Sherlock, unconsciously running his fingers along the sleeve covering the arm he’d cut, sat cross-legged on the end of the unmade bed.  He’d been awake when Mycroft and Greg had re-entered the bedroom, had glared at Mycroft in a way that made it clear the kid was not particularly happy with big brother.
He worried that Sherlock was still mad at him, that he really did think Bunny was just a stupid baby who wasn’t good for anything.  But thunder clapped again and Bunny was desperate for the way Sherlock lessened fearful situations by explaining the scientific logic behind them.  He would talk about repressed memory or cumulonimbus clouds and lift from various airstreams, and suddenly his nightmares and the thunderstorm would be something wonderful instead of something terrifying.
“Watch him, will you?” Mycroft asked, nodding his chin towards John’s closed bedroom door.  He lowered his voice to ensure John would not be listening in.  “He’ll be feeling guilty.  In his mind, this is his fault.  I’ll need to talk to him later.  Just try to keep him talking, if you can; try to keep him out of his head as much as possible.”
Three men who could only be Greg’s brothers stepped forward, each a variation of Greg’s broad-shoulders and warm eyes, his quick smiles and scruffy jawline.  It seemed at least two of them had not been present at the party before Greg had left to pick up John, for they both approached with cheerful welcomes.
Sherlock’s pulse quickened.  He hadn’t expected such a direct question, and his cheeks burned in embarrassment for what felt the hundredth time that day.  Why couldn’t Papa just leave him alone?  On impulse, Sherlock sat up and, lashing out, slapped his hands against the table.  Anger, for Sherlock, had always been the easiest way to keep away the tears, so he forced himself to find a bit of his teenaged persona--his most guarded headspace--in order to add venom to his voice.
Bunny’s face fell as he came to the conclusion that he’d had an accident, and the tears started almost immediately, the boy letting his hands fall to his sides as he broke down into sobs.
There was still a bit of trouble in their communication skills, each man still learning how to best explain their current states to the other.  One of Mycroft’s most enforced rules was that Sherlock and John needed to express their needs while in headspace, a lesson John knew he and Sherlock both needed to work on as adults as well.
"Need a change?" Mycroft asked when Sherlock pulled away.
“Two nights ago, you made some rather poor decisions,” he said, crooking a thumb beneath Bunny’s chin to angle his gaze towards him.  “What do you think we should do about that?”
“I’m a big boy,” John said in an attempt to explain his actions.  It was also an attempt to reassure himself of the fact, knowing that in a moment he would be pulling on a diaper.
“Sure can-do,” Greg smiled, squeezing John closer to him.  “Might be nice to get outside for a bit this morning before the rain comes this afternoon, huh kid?”
“I maybe don’t want to be ‘buddy’ right now,” he said, fiddling with the hem of his nightgown.  “Or ‘champ.’”
Sherlock grinned his most innocent smile.  Mycroft had shown his hand earlier while he thought Sherlock had not been paying attention.  He clearly wanted the little family together at his house, and Sherlock had chosen just the right moment to suggest exactly that.
“Thanks for the ‘gator and for lunch and the cotton candy and the trip to the zoo, Uncle Greg,” Sherlock mumbled, and, not surprisingly, John lifted his face from Mycroft’s shoulder and mumbled a thank you as well.  Mycroft smiled and told him he was a polite boy.  The praise seemed to help to settle John a bit more.
“The man on the floor…” Bunny tried, unable to keep the tears from falling.  “They...they were laughing.”
“Yes,” Greg agreed.  “And, given Bunny’s previous behavior, we need to see that as an anomaly that signals a cry for help in some way.  Let me clean him up and talk to him.  Once we know what’s on his--or her--mind, we can determine what punishments are necessary.”
Mycroft refrained from sending back a joke about Greg’s sappiness.  Hell, he’d had the same thought multiple times throughout the day.  Maybe he would finally agree with Greg that they should spend the holidays together and split the time between families next year.
Greg and Mycroft shared another look, and Sherlock tried to hide his smirk.
“John?” Greg called.  “Can you be a good boy for me and go pick out what you’d like to wear after your tub?”
Greg sighed as Mycroft lifted his rocks glass.
“Sleep well, kids,” Mycroft said on his way out of the room.
John may not have been able to focus on the footie game, but he could sense the moment Sherlock began to get restless.  The book Sherlock had been absently reading was obviously no longer distracting for the man.
“Later,” John said, pulling the seat belt across his chest.  “Maybe when we stop.”
“I want to tell her I’m sorry,” Sherlock said.  “I want to tell her she can be a girl whenever she wants to.”
“Thank you, John,” Mycroft said.
After sending both boys to use the loo while Greg finished packing the car and after dealing with Sherlock’s stubborn refusal to try to pee one more time by threatening time outs until he stormed into the bathroom--the man wouldn't be big for long, Mycroft could see--they were each buckled into the rental car and on their way out of the city for a much-needed break.
“Take your trousers off, love.  Let’s at least keep them dry so you don’t have to stay in wet clothes the rest of the ride home.  I’ll be right back.”
But there was no denying that Papa was needed at work, and once Bunny’s sobbing had dissolved into quiet, sniffling tears, he tucked his head down and told him he had to go.
“Can you be a good boy and try for me?”
“Has he attempted to leave his room?” he asked.
Greg sighed.  While Mycroft had been sensitive enough to mask any concern he felt towards this aspect of Bunny’s personality, Sherlock had certainly not done a very good job of hiding his feelings.  And while both Mycroft and Greg were stern in upholding rules against teasing, even seeing Sherlock punished could not erase the words from Bunny’s mind or repair the self-consciousness they made him feel.
“Just get young, John.  This is going to be fun.”
I'm sending you all hugs and positive vibes and, as always, bunny kisses!
“You feel that way because, in those moments, you allow yourself to be taken care of.”
Bunny nodded and looked down at his lap, sniffling.
Mycroft had surmised this train of thought already, had anticipated Sherlock’s lingering feelings of inadequacy and insecurity when it came to any attention lavished on John.  They were feelings they had been dealing with since John first joined in on their ageplay but particularly since the weekend at the lake when Sherlock had learned that Mycroft was Bunny’s Daddy.  He'd never expected Sherlock’s insecurities regarding John’s participation in ageplay to vanish overnight; Mycroft simply had to show the boy how loved he was and hope the words would sink it eventually.
Not a huge fan of this chapter, but excited for the beginnings of little John in the next one!  No warnings that aren't included in the tags except for a bit of perspective switching that isn't very seamlessly done (apologies!).
They left the door slightly open to let in a thin streak of light from the hallway, then retreated back to the living room, where they took residence on the couch.  Greg draped an arm around Mycroft’s shoulders, and the man allowed himself to shift close until his back was pressed against Greg’s chest.
“Sherlock?” John tried once more, drying his hands on the dishcloth, “Lunch?”
Bunny didn’t generally crave or prompt discipline in the same way that Sherlock did, but maybe that was what he needed currently? Some firm attention and a chance to settle his mind during a punishment?  Bunny had been pushing boundaries all morning; maybe he’d be up for finally telling Mycroft what was bothering him after a little quiet time.
“I’m proud of the way you handled yourself while away from home, kiddo,” Greg said.  “You prepared for the potential of being small, and you allowed yourself times of comfort when it all got to be too much.”
“Hon, I don’t think it’s the best idea to go to the store in your pjs,” Uncle Greg said, his voice gentle, the way it got when Sherlock was angry and they didn’t want him to throw a fit.  “But, as soon as we get back, you can wear whatever you’d like, alright?”
“You’re too manipulative for your own good,” he said, rubbing a hand over Sherlock’s back with a sigh.  “Okay, let’s get you home.”
-He’s there for the bunny.-
Update: Edited (twice) after "Little John and Uncle Greg" was posted to account for some continuity issues :)
Sherlock’s voice was tense, fluctuating between exasperation and sarcasm.
Bunny smiled genuinely for only the second time that night.
John nodded, then tucked into his food.  Mycroft would be back as soon as he could be.  For now, Uncle Greg just might do.
Mycroft was careful to speak in the past tense; John was no longer in headspace.  He wouldn't appreciate being spoken to as if he were.
Sherlock collapsed onto the bed with flailing limbs in an overdramatic expression of his frustration.  A childlike response, yes, but the movement was too calculated to have come from a fully regressed Sherlock.  It was a clear attempt to cajole a softer response from Mycroft, a tactic to gain sympathy and coddling.  But Mycroft was not about to downplay the seriousness of the situation by catering to his little brother’s desire for immediate forgiveness.  Comfort would come in due time.
“Yeah?” Sherlock asked.
John sighed.  It was still rather hard to express himself, especially considering he was being asked to express his discontent with Mycroft's behavior directly to Mycroft.  But he understood that this was important not only for Mycroft's understanding of the situation, but for his own ability to express his true emotions; Mycroft was providing him with the chance to release some of the doubt and worry that had been swirling in his mind all day.
John turned back towards the window.
“All done now,” he said.  “You did good, buddy.”
He was worried about leaving.  Mycroft hadn’t said much when he’d called earlier, had been brusque and to the point, providing only the essential facts regarding Bunny expressing a desire to be female before mentioning the potential for grave consequences should the situation not be introduced delicately to Sherlock.  But behind the telling, beneath what anyone besides those who were close to Mycroft would have read as an emotionless recounting of details, was a nervous, building dread.  It had taken Greg more than eight months of dating Mycroft to identify the range of emotions behind each of Mycroft’s no-nonsense speech patterns, but he had become rather adept, and this particular breed of worry was one he had only ever heard on the most serious of occasions, and only ever in regards to Sherlock's welfare.
“Mycroft seems to think you could use a bit of love right now, lad,” Greg said.
“I’m sorry I pulled my blankie away from Sherlock and pushed and hurted him,” Bunny mumbled, glancing down at the floor to keep Daddy from seeing that he was about to cry.  “And I’m sorry I didn’t listen again when you told me to go to timeout.”
“John made me,” Sherlock mumbled, rubbing at an eye and edging closer to his bed and its rumpled bedclothes.
Sherlock turned to Mycroft with wide, incredulous eyes.
Greg chuckled and patted the boy’s leg, grateful the day had begun on a happier note than the day before.  He deposited the boy on the floor of the living room next to Sherlock, who was eating small bites of scrambled eggs from a kid’s plate set on the floor in front of him as he watched cartoons.
Greg let Bunny cry, rocking him gently in the rocking chair and telling him that he was safe and loved.
“That,” John cleared his throat, “That I’m turned on by wetting.”
This chapter and the next were originally one longer chapter, but I decided to break them up a bit for ease of reading and because I wanted to tweak the second half a bit.  I'll be posting a one-shot on tumblr (hopefully) tomorrow, and then I'll be able to finalize the next chapter of this story.
Let me know what you'd like to see during the boys' final day and a half at the lake house.  I'm planning for three more chapters in this story, and then I'll be moving on to a new story in this series.  I have some things planned (some of which have been requested in the past), but am always open to new ideas as well, either to include in this story or in future stories.
Bunny wasn’t sure he understood, but there was a bit of a relief in knowing that he was the younger brother once more, even if Sherlock had jumped a bit older than usual.  He could let Sherlock be; he trusted his Daddy and Papa would know the best way to handle his moody older brother.
John thought he understood.  He hadn’t given it a whole lot of thought, but he supposed there were differences between his little girl side and his little boy.
Mycroft nodded.
Nevertheless, Greg’s enthusiasm for tackling each and every thing related to their little family head-on bolstered Mycroft.  They would gather up the boys and their things, take them back to Mycroft’s flat, and deal with each issue as it presented itself, just as they had that evening since arriving at Baker Street.
His brother nodded, face stoic and unreadable.
“Okay,” John whispered.  He hesitated because his next ask was a big one, something he’d never done before with Greg, something he’d only recently started doing even with Mycroft.   But he needed it to help him make the final transition to little, needed it after days of little sleep and littler time for showering and changing clothes and getting rid of the grime of sweat.
We've reached the final chapter of this story in the series!  Thanks so much for all of you who have stuck with me even when I've taken months and months to update--you really are amazing, every one of you!
“Thanks for your help,” John said, voice crisp.  “Goodnight.”
"I'm sorry," John managed, his last shred of dignity causing him to cling to whatever sense of adulthood he still possessed.  "It's been a long day.  I...I didn't mean to get like this..."
Greg was unsure whether to push the man or let him be.  He was grateful he hadn’t had to encourage the kid to go inside to pee--in John’s current in-between headspace he would likely have been offended by the suggestion--but there were other concerns on his mind, namely what he guessed to be self-deprecating thoughts spinning through the man’s mind.
Sherlock placed John’s hand on his thigh, just below the crotch of his trousers, and John could not help but blush as he glanced down to see that Sherlock was aroused.  He attempted to pull his hand away from where Sherlock was pressing it down against his leg, but Sherlock would not let him free.  This went far beyond the usual public displays of affection.
“We leave in five minutes,” he called over his shoulder.  “Eat your omelet.”
“Sleepy,” Sherlock mumbled, burrowing his head into John’s neck.
John nodded, but he made himself small against the headboard.  It was the fastest he had aged down in quite some time, and, although happy to be young, Bunny was reeling a bit from the shift in his mindset.
“Let’s chat for a minute before we go inside, alright?” Greg said, placing a hand on Bunny’s shoulder to pause the boy in his attempt to scramble out of the car.
“It’s okay,” Bunny said after a moment, and Mycroft nodded to Greg, who stepped back from the doorway to let Sherlock through.
But he knew his voice was too quiet, throat tight as tears spilled onto his cheeks.  He was afraid of being too loud; it felt as if he were still within his dream, as if moments and figures were lurking.  There was something--or someone--camped out beneath his bed, a carry-over image still threatening.
Sherlock shifted where he stood, then pulled himself away from Mycroft’s grip on his wrists to turn and collapse onto the bed beside Mycroft, tucking himself close to his brother.  Mycroft told him everything was going to be alright as he guided the boy to lay down, rubbing his back.  When Sherlock’s head was in his lap, Mycroft shifted his hand to card his fingers through his little brother’s curls.
Hi, lovelies--hope you're doing well!
“--I can’t be young right now,” John interrupted, gaze on Mycroft.  “I shouldn’t have...I’ll...”
Sherlock rubbed at his eyes and stifled a yawn.  He pulled out his mobile to text John, then second-guessed.  John hadn’t been in touch, and Sherlock shouldn’t disturb him while he was with his sister.  He wanted him to have a good visit; he knew how much it meant to John.
Bunny lifted the sleeve of his nightgown to wipe his still-running nose.
“I need to speak,” John said.  “Let me talk, first.”
Sherlock was all too happy to oblige if it meant he was left with this form of John beside him, gasping and grateful.
“Mycroft? Greg?”
But something kept him from hanging up the phone.  He rarely swore at Mycroft, rarely let himself get to the point of insulting the man if it weren’t in regards to Sherlock’s well-being.  The small voice at the back of his mind could not help but feel instantly shamed by his attitude, and John’s anger began to settle.
“I’d be careful with the juice,” John said, setting plates of ham and cheese sandwiches at the table.  “We had another accident this morning when someone decided building towers for his dinosaurs was more important than using the toilet.”
“No, stop, no,” John was chanting from behind the doorway, “no, no, no.”
“Okay,” he said, bouncing Sherlock on his hip.  “Tell me what you see, smart boy.”
“Ready to head inside, buddy?” Greg asked.
"It's not here," he said, jaw tense and eyebrows furrowed.  "It's nowhere."
“Even though I’m naughty and Bunny has more stickers on his chart than me?” he asked, following another repeated insecurity by comparing himself to John.
Bunny shrugged, but Greg could sense him calming.  He allowed the boy to take what comfort he needed, holding him as close as was possible in the space of the car.
Daddy nodded as Papa began picking up his breakfast plate.
Greg nodded and kissed Mycroft on the cheek as Mycroft crossed the living room with a plate of food for Bunny.  He could see Mycroft’s worry in the half-distracted way he continued to watch Sherlock even while he kissed Bunny on the forehead to say good morning.  Greg could see that Mycroft was only half-listening to Bunny as he explained about the owie on his tongue and how he was going to be a big boy and get paci back at bedtime and how Uncle Greg had called him silly Daddy.
It had been an awful morning.
Bunny rubbed his nose, recovering from another sneezing fit.  The dust from the attic had been irritating his nose and his eyes all afternoon, and when he sneezed he felt it low in his stomach, which meant he should probably take a trip to the loo to pee sometime soon.  Bunny was starting to hope Mycroft’s allotted time for playing dress up in the attic would be over soon.
Sherlock was sitting up between Greg and John, hugging his knees to his chest.  Mycroft could tell from his expression and somewhat disheveled state that his brother had been up for some time now, that he more than likely had been unable to sleep.  It spoke to Sherlock’s state of mind that the boy had not left the room and gone back to his own bed despite being uncomfortable; Sherlock wouldn't have admitted it, but the boy must have needed the company of his caretakers last night just as much as John had.
“Wonderful,” Papa said, standing to cross the room towards Bunny’s closet.  “Now, let’s pack some clothes for our little trip back to Baker Street, and I’m sure in a day or so we’ll all be back under the same roof, just as happy as ever.”
“No harm done, princess,” he said before gathering the boy into his lap on the desk chair.
Find me on tumblr,
“Yeah,” he agreed in little more than a whisper as he ducked his head to wipe his teary eyes on his shoulder.
Visit me on
It was Papa, voice gentle as if hoping to stay on Sherlock’s good side after his moodiness that morning.  Sherlock raced to the doorway and held his shoulder against the door, grateful that he had locked it when he heard Papa try the doorknob.
John blushed, ducking his head.
Greg stood, inadvertently separating his hands from his mother’s touch.  He'd been exceedingly careful, had respected John’s wishes that his ageplaying remain as private as possible.  Now, here was his mother speaking with knowledge about something Greg had shared with no one but Mycroft, Sherlock, and John.
Bunny nodded and held out his ice cream cone, now dripping over his hand.  Sherlock leaned over to lick the melting treat, and Mycroft clucked his tongue and told Sherlock he should eat his sandwich before eating sweets, but even Little Sherlock could tell he was only speaking halfheartedly, and he said nothing as Sherlock continued to lick the ice cream cone.
“He knows,” John mumbled, fingers in his mouth.
“And the origins of the
He didn’t know what to do.  If he told Mycroft he needed the loo, the man would take him.  But if he helped him out of his pants and pull-up, he would also know that John had already started wetting himself, and he would have to admit to him that he'd done it truly by accident, which scared him.  It was one thing to choose to wet himself, it was another thing entirely to wet himself involuntarily; was he really so little that he had lost track of his own bladder?
Heading toward the desk, he could feel John’s eyes following him. Watching his every movement as he tossed the papers down on top of the other pile, Sherlock stopped and stared out the window with a heavy sigh, “What? What is it?” He asked and turned around on his heels as he stared back at John.
It was rarely ever a problem, he just had to stick his chest out and hold his head high with confidence and pride although wary of others. He just wants to fit alongside Sherlock. He looks up to him in a weird way, not in a sense of wanting to be like him but out of admiration. Wanting to have his confidence and company.
The hardest, the worst things that he knows will be coming soon now that she is already beginning to babble. Will be her first words, her first day at school, her birthday...All of it, just knowing that Mary won’t be there to see any of it. How could he let such a stupid thing happen? He could’ve done so much to try and prevent it. Almost every night after that, he’d get a nightmare.
It made him uncomfortable, yes. But, if it meant he got to be himself with just one other person then to hell with those ‘friends’. They were all lost themselves but with Sherlock he feels like he can figure out everything, even himself.
He didn't let those type of things get in his way, didn't let it fog up his eyes. Whenever someone brought up having a Mrs or Mr Holmes in the picture (usually always Ms.Hudson was the person that even bothered asking.) He’d respond with, “That would just get in the way of work, pointless mess that would ruin my time in these cases.” But, usually, when there was barely any noise in the flat and he needed to think deeper into the case, he’d resort to his list. Even when he was bored he went to doing his list, even if it was just one or two things he needed to write down. He would still scribble them down on a scrap piece of paper he had lying around.
Weird, the word kept ringing around in his head. All of a sudden all eyes were on him, staring him down, they’re all thinking it. They all notice how weird it is, what was he thinking? He’s right, even though thy protect his eyes, why would he risk wearing them to school? He froze there. Heart pounding.
“It’s Sherlock, Sherlock Holmes, and I doubt that you’ll see me around. I’m rarely ever there to begin with.” Sherlock sighed and continued walking while John stayed where he was, everything about Sherlock seemed strange, even his name...He hadn’t really heard anyone with a name like that before, he was different and that made John want to chase after him.
“He’s just messing with us, Your Song? Are you going to start wearing dresses now like some girl?” One of them asked and John immediately got defensive like a bird puffing out its chest.
His vision was foggy and he blinked, hearing the light patter of the tears falling onto the floor. How pathetic, he’s crying? Like some child who fell down, but he’s been falling. Now he’s finally hit the ground hard. He never let any of this come up before, quickly he cleared his throat, regaining his posture and buried it all back down into the pit. Collecting himself and wiping off his face before he cleaned up his mess and opened the stall door.
John barely knew the guy but he already felt like he could tell him everything, let it all spill out like they had been friends for years. He looked back at Sherlock and could tell that he was really trying to comfort him. Through everything he was saying, it was just a different way of saying it.
He walked off into the kitchen and fumbled around looking for a bottle, "I always put them in the left cupboard, remember?" Mary seemed to mumble in his ear and he glanced over at the cupboard, grabbing out a bottle and filled it up with warm water for her, Rosamund calmed down after awhile. Small sniffles coming from her as she squirmed around and rubbed at her eyes sleepily. He bounced her in his arm and hummed. His arm tightened around her protectively as he jumped a bit at the sharp beep of his phone, looking over at the counter and saw that Sherlock was messaging him.
She couldn’t really help it, she didn’t have very many people she could talk to around here. He turned around to face her, “Mrs. Hudson, I really am quite busy at the moment.” He said finally and that got her attention, “Oh, right...I’ll leave you to it then, tell John and Rosamund I said hello.” She said as she walked out and Sherlock hummed in response.
“Well, I’m going home. Putting Rosamund to bed and...Taking a break for the day.” He said quietly and tried to slip on his coat, “Just like you should be.” He said before grabbing the rest of his things and heading out. Leaving Sherlock standing there in the room.
John finally got up and grabbed his black backpack before walking away, getting hit with a cold gust of wind right when he opened the door and grabbed a thick grey scarf. He didn’t want a coat because that wasn’t the style he was going for, shivering with face buried in his scarf and hands shoved deep into the pits of his pockets as he walked fast to school. His glasses fogging up pretty bad was not a part of how he wanted his morning to go.
John straightens himself up to look more confident in himself as he felt himself grow nervous, taking off his sunglasses and couldn’t exactly meet his father's eyes. He took them off since the hallway lights weren’t on yet, the light from the window was enough and his mother along with his sister were still asleep since it was early.
John wanted to follow, to hear more about what he knew and what he thought. Although, he seemed a bit cold, no real emotion in his face the entire time they spoke and the way he handled the situation was like he didn’t care about what the elderly lady had to say. The way he held himself with certainty and confidence, maybe that is why John was interested.
“Well, I should have just let you pay the hundred dollars of repair that she would’ve wanted out of it. But then again, you don’t have any money so you, it would of came out of your parents wallet then.” He responded back and he looked away from John, “It might start snowing a bit today, if you were are planning to stay out long.” He said changing the subject as he stared at the clouds, the wind starting up again.
He rubbed at his knuckles and felt the sting, licking over his busted lip and took a deep breath as felt everything connect together. Piece themselves for him to understand the situation fully, “Sherlock?” He felt the words tumble out, like he hadn’t said the name in years.
Pushing the doors and walking into one of the stalls, slamming shut. That was something that triggered it, the anger and frustration, today of all days. A Monday, he’s been doing so well with putting up with it. Why now? The anger was burning his skin, pulling off the scarf and  throwing his sunglasses onto the ground. He stepped on them until he heard the loud crack ringing throughout the stall.
Blind to the world around him and to himself, he picked up the pace as he neared his house, the bruise on his chest thumped in pain along with another unfamiliar pain in his chest. The intensity of it all was too much, this emotion, he was tired of seeing himself as shades of grey.
I have been absent 'cause my laptop has been being a little SHiT hEAD LATELY IM SO SORRRRY.
Parents were called and they were given there stuff along with a few ice packs for their fresh bruises. John didn’t even look at Sherlock as he heard him begin to scribble away in his notebook, he just stared at his bruised knuckles and thought about what his parents would say to him.
“Yes, that is what I want to do, I want to sit around and spend some time with my child. You forget that I am a parent, I have to care of her. What am I supposed to do? Leave her off with Ms Hudson while we work on a cas- Don’t answer that. You know I can’t just leave her.”
The words were for everybody else in his life that knew what he had, feeling bad for him, treating him differently for something so small. Some even talking to him slowly like his brain was so scrambled that he couldn’t even understand words like he couldn’t with color.
Sherlock didn’t respond or stop writing in his journal, not even a slight shift, John understood why he was acting colder to him, it was like it would immediately change his mind anyway. John shifted and looked over at him, setting the pack of ice in his lap, “I’m sorry, for...Doing that to you.” He watched Sherlock immediately stop and close his journal as he got up to grab his bag.
“I don’t really want to talk about it so can we jus-”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Don’t be, it was merely a test to see how you would work with confrontation.” He said quickly and shoved his journal in his bag, John watched Sherlock seeing a small change in him, “Well, I think there was some truth to your test Sherlock.” He mumbled quietly as Sherlock got up to head out the door, “I am sorry for acting the way I did with my…‘friends’. I’m sorry for annoying you in that way.”
It hurt Sherlock more to see John like this, he wasn’t good at comforting. He knew that, saying stuff would just make it worse. But this was the best he could do for him, for now. John wasn’t fragile, not in the slightest. But he could tell he was beaten up about it, drained and barely making an effort to visit Sherlock. It hurt him, feeling like John was beginning to give up.
Sherlock took a deep breath, his legs crossed as he sat across from Lestrade with his eyebrows furrowed irritatedly. Looking over Lestrade's posture, he was too relaxed, a little awkward but relaxed nonetheless. It made him grow a bit more irritated since it was John’s chair he was sitting in, he wasn’t about to make a big deal out of it. That would be too irrational, “You don’t really want to talk to John, so just get it out now before he comes over.” He grumbled, just wanting him out of that seat.
John rested his head on the table, his new sunglasses shifted on his face as he stared at Sherlock with his eyebrows raised, “I know you are smart and all, but, how will you be able to keep journals worth of stuff in your brain?”
For John, the silence was unbearable, tense, the atmosphere completely changed for him. Sherlock could feel it, looking at the back of John’s chair and frowned slightly. Quietly walking over and put a hand on his shoulder hesitantly, staring down at him silently.
Everything was a blur, he didn’t know what he was fighting for or how he even got here in the first place. People were watching, getting a few good swings in before Sherlock fought back.
“You’re very odd aren’t you?” He asked as he shoved his hands into his pockets again and stared across at him as he calmed down, “Well, I could say the same about you.” Sherlock responded and John grew embarrassed by that, maybe even a bit flustered by his tone though he would never admit it.
It was because of Sherlock, the past few days have been about him. He smiled when he thought back to when he saw him smile in the stalls with him. Maybe, following the one that was paving their own path wasn’t so bad after all.
Right away she walked in and looked around, “Oh, Sherlock...All these...These papers and clippings left on the floor.” She said as he started to pick some off the coffee table and stack them up, “Good afternoon to you too Mrs Hudson.” He said sarcastically as he walked back to the desk and plopped down.
Sherlock let out a heavy sigh and John knew what was coming next, “ A few hours? John, we have...All stuff going on and you just want to sit around?” He huffed back and started going through bits of paper from months ago.
Greg nodded, “I’m sorry...I didn’t…” He sighed and ran a hand through his hair with a nod, “Take care, John.” He mumbled and straightened up, “Well, I’ll should get going then. I’ll call if we got a case for you.” He said and Sherlock lifted his head up for a second, Lestrade stood in the middle of the room awkwardly before finally walking out of the flat.
John wanted to bring something up, that he genuinely enjoyed instead of joining just to hear his dad congratulate him and have interest in. He rocked on his feet for a second as he thought about something.
“Really? All of it isn’t getting to you? Well...You are Sherlock, you must know ways of being able to deal with it.” He half laughed and looked down into his lap as he fiddled with his watch, “Have you talked to John at all? About it?” He said as he looked back over at Sherlock. Sherlock was on edge, he was sure Lestrade could see it too, “We’re both adults, John has been coping with Mary’s death and so have I. We’ve...Been on different paths for a while now, yes? I’m not going to treat him like a child.” He snapped back as he looked over at Lestrade, “I don’t quite appreciate you referring to her death as it.” He said and heard a knock at the door, not taking his eyes away from Lestrade as the door opened and he heard the cooing from Rosamund.
John knows his little apology was it going to get him anywhere, he needs to do something more to show just how sincere he is. He wants Sherlock to forgive him, to truly forgive him. But, at the same time. John doesn’t know how bad he had ruined this, not just for himself but for Sherlock to open up more to people.
He did his normal routine, his sister commenting the usual, “You’re such an old man.” She’d say as she walked past and headed out while John was left to grumble as he shuffled his way to his room. Holding onto the towel around his waist so it wouldn’t slip. He pulled on a white shirt with tartan flannel and stonewashed jeans, a pair of socks he had probably already worn a few days ago with his chucks.
(See the end of the chapter for
John couldn’t help it, he couldn’t hold it in. He just began to laugh, hard enough to make tears well up in his eyes again, his muscles hurting. It has just been an overwhelming moment for John and all it took was Sherlock to confuse him, to distract him. He could’ve sworn that through all the laughter, he saw him smiling back.
Weird, weird, weird, so worried about that word. The eyes burned into his body going straight through him, they all know, they can see it written on him. Heart is pounding, pounding, pounding harder, louder. He walks away without saying anything and hurries, his feet slow for a second before they pick up the pace and soon he is running to the farther toilets in the school.
What would’ve happened if he told him? He thought for a mere second before he continued on his way, since they went to the same school. He might spread the word, his chances of feeling normal at school would’ve been ruined since his parents had never really informed the school about it. He was old enough to do it himself, he had told them when he attended high school. But, really he didn’t. He didn’t want to be seen differently, the way they made fun of kids with ‘problems’ seemed too much for him.
John really cared about him, genuinely cared for Sherlock. For him. Since it had happened, John sitting in his usual armchair and Sherlock laid out on the long couch. John, he seemed to act like it was any other day. Like what happened a year ago was something Sherlock had dreamt up himself.
On his way, he thought about everything that Sherlock had said about him. About his ‘friends’, he didn’t really share the same interests, the only thing they had in common was rugby. He didn’t want to believe what Sherlock said about them, maybe he was wrong about this.
John paced around his room and looked out the window a few times, his mother came into his room after a while and watched him as she stood in the doorway. “I can hear you moving around downstairs.” She crossed her arms over her chest and shook her head, John stopped abruptly and tried to conjure up an excuse before she went on.
John furrowed his eyebrows, wondering if Sherlock found something or he was bored and needed to bug him, the image of what happened to Mary crept up in his mind, what if he needed help? John turned his attention away quickly from the bottle, the food he was preparing for Rosamund. Knocking it over as he reached for his phone in a slight panic, the warm water spread on the counter and got on his boxers. Seeing the text that he had gotten, 'When are you going to stop by? Lestrade wants to 'check up' but I think he just wants you for an actual conversation since he bores me. Hurry.'
He could feel the anxiety rising in his chest as he tried to find something to do with his hands, “What do you guys think about music?” He asked hesitantly and clenched his jaw as everybody went quiet around him.
He didn't want to risk opening up to another person like that again, even if they really had to pry it out of him instead of him just spilling it out. It would take a lot for him to just tell anybody, even he didn't want to acknowledge all the emotional pain he felt. He took a deep breath and shook the bottle, picking her up again and fed her. Staring off at his phone and sighed, "Guess we're going to see Lestrade today." He mumbled to himself and closed his eyes as he listened to Rosamund's heartbeat. Just needing to know that he still had a piece of Mary still with him. The gentle beat and the small hums from Rosamund as she drank helped him to relax a bit more, he smiled to himself and kissed her forehead. "I love you."
John stayed staring out at the window, Sherlock’s hand stayed gently on his shoulder. He was deep in thought again and couldn’t help but imagine it to be Mary, her gentle touch and the comfort he felt around her. He missed it all, the tears in his eyes were beginning to well up and he held onto Rosamund a little tighter. Sherlock saw the expression, the same one he saw when Mary died, when he faked his death. It hurt him, to see John like this again, he quickly moved in and wrapped his arms around John, keeping his body away slightly so he would be in Rosamund’s way.
Rosamund, a baby that was now a part of his life like she was to John, he was responsible for her as well. He felt that he needed to be, if something ever happened to John...He knew almost right away that he wanted to be the one to take care of her. No matter how much it hurt to see the two people he cared about in Rosamund, he wanted it to be him.
“You don’t have to pretend you know.” He said with the same heavy sigh from earlier and John scoffed, a bit irritated with the way he was acting. John crossed his arms across his chest, “You think that you’ve got me all figured out don't you?” He snapped back.
“Nothing, you just seem off today.” He sighed and slowly began to stand up, careful not to wake up Rosamund. He bit his lip as the chair creaked and made Rosamund shift, “But then again...You’re always a little off.” He mumbled and shot a smile at Sherlock before grabbing his coat.
(See the end of the chapter for
He’d find himself waking up with his face on the table and arm still extended out across, limp with his veins still bulging out faint blue. Maybe even wake up with rings under his eyes and spread out on the floor, the room going in and out of focus.
“Latin, I can tell you don’t necessarily like being seen with me, John.” He said bluntly and this time John stopped, Sherlock continued a few more steps before he turned around to look back at him. Journal tucked under his shoulder.
He could tell that his dad was yelling back for him, he just wanted to head home without his dad talking about stupid rugby games. That’s all his father really cared about anyways, he didn’t really care if he failed a test, but because he was in rugby everything had to revolve around it.
Sherlock doesn’t eat much, he had learned. Doesn’t much like questions either, he thought when he saw Sherlock’s eyebrows furrow with slight annoyance. “What does it look like? A journal, for now I need a journal to log everything but pretty soon I’ll be able to keep it all in my head rather than on paper.”
“Were you with a girl? Is that it?” His hand tightened on the railing as he felt his face redden and this time it wasn’t because he was cold, he shook his head, “N-No! God…Dad, I just wanted to go out for a little bit.” He said as he headed up the stairs quicker, the steps creaking as he really put his weight into it. Leaving his father to stand there alone as he went into his room and shut the door behind him.
He never tried to show it, especially not around John. John was the one who was heartbroken over it, it was his wife, a person that he loved, the mother of Rosamund. Sherlock stood there in the middle of the kitchen with the papers still in his hands as he stared over at John and Rosamund on the couch.
He shivered again as he headed down the sidewalk back home, two hours outside without a coat was long enough, he could already feel his nose begin to drip as he walked inside with a sniffle and pressed his hands against his frozen cheeks. His father standing right next to the stairs to greet him with a stern stare and furrowed eyebrows, John standing there to look back at him without saying a word.
“Sherlock, it has only been a day, wouldn’t...It is nice to have at least a break for a few hours? At least for today?” He rolled his eyes at Sherlock, wanting him to settle down. He knew that he got anxious when he didn’t have something to do. They did have something big on their hands now but they’ve been running into a few dead ends and simply just needed a break for now. After all, he did get to spend some extra time with his baby.
“I was just checking in, you seemed awfully quiet for a while and I was just making sure that I didn’t need to-” She picked up a paper that had wet coffee rings on it and grimaced as she tossed it in the trash, “Need to call John.” She said and quickly wiped her hands off on her dress and sat down.
“Apology accepted.” Sherlock said after a moment but didn’t turn to face John, his eyes still on the door as he walked out with the door creaking behind him and snapped shut. John knew that change, it reminded him of his dad when he was upset or angry. He never really chose to show it but was able to tell when his father was like that, he could see the same thing in Sherlock.
“Well, yes, mostly.” He stepped closer and stood across from John, the bell rang and John didn’t want to talk to another prick. He couldn’t believe what was going on, this whole morning was just a mess. John turned to head out the door shaking his head.
He shoves his hands in his pockets as they were already getting cold, the wind blowing hard against his face sending shivers down his spine but he walked on. Just needing to wander for a bit before going back home to nagging, he just wanted to walk without thinking, he knew once his parents woke up they’d be furious with him leaving and not asking for permission first.
Pushing past Sherlock, he tossed it in the bin and held onto his scarf tightly, Sherlock just stood there and stared at him with a blank expression on his face.
“How do you know as always wear them? Just…I like wearing them, it’s not like it’s hurting anybody anyways.” He said back without turning around, “I see...Well, then there is no need for you to be so nervous about it. I go to your school, we don’t have any classes together, but you’re on the rugby team.” His voice was growing fainter to John and he turned back around to see that he was walking away, “What is your name anyway?” He just wanted to shake the uneasiness he felt, “If I see you around again.”
Sherlock was never able to shrug off that pang of...Guilt. What he had done to John, he didn’t think John would care that much. Maybe walk around him or yell at him to get off the floor.
“Yes, well I am sure you wouldn't be able to tell seeing that you have no experience in caring for antiques such as these let alone tell a fake one from a real one.” He says quickly as he graves it from her hand and looks it over with a heavy sigh, “Italian ceramics are always hand painted, you will be able to see the single stokes that contribute to the beauty and artistry of this piece. But the brush strokes are not visible, the bottom unglazed area is not rough like it should be.”
I’ll be creating a playlist for this fic on Spotify ;P comment if you’d like to know about it!
“Well that doesn’t sound like that bad of an idea and I am sure that Ms Hudson would love to spend some time with her anyways.” He grinned and he could practically feel the signature look he was getting from John, even though their backs were toward each other. He felt a bit of the weight lift off his shoulders as he forgot about it all.
“Of course not! I was...I was just messing with you.” He laughed slightly and shoved his hands deep into his pockets and stared at the ground while they all began to talk to each other again.
Sherlock could see Mary in Rosamund too, all the guilt would flood him again. Even though John had said it wasn’t his fault, he could feel the guilt weighing on him again and it’d make him think back to the time he had hurt John. How he did when Mary died and when he passed out on the ground.
“What kind?” Sherlock interrupted and John froze all over again, he felt the nervousness rise, Sherlock wasn’t like them was he? God, he hoped not. “Excuse me?”
John walked into class and sat down at his desk, the teacher walked around to set graded work on their desks. John looking away from them, not even paying attention.
John let out a hum in agreement, Sherlock’s little bursts didn’t startled him like they used to but he is still getting used to them. He uses these to understand more about him, “What language?” He turned his head forward and watched all the people walk around and talk, a part of a world he’ll never be in, not willingly.
His brother nodded, cast Greg a look that told him a conversation was due later, then told him to give a shout if he needed anything else.
John blinked up and his cheeks pinked.  “I’m--I’m not hiding anything,” he stuttered.
Greg ran a hand along the man’s arm.
Mycroft nodded.  “Sherlock and I have had years to cultivate his ideal environment, years to settle on parameters based on his needs.  But Sherlock’s rules may not work best for you.”
“Okay, Uncle Greg,” Sherlock said around the thumb in his mouth.  He felt numb and out of sorts, not up for making any decisions.
John was close enough that Sherlock could now hear his brother on the other end of the phone call.  When Mycroft spoke to break the silence John had created, Sherlock tilted his head.
“I didn’t do it, Mycroft.”
Hope you're all well and thank you all so, so much for your support and kind words after each update! I seriously have the most amazing readers! :)
When Bunny stilled and stared up at him, Greg worried he’d gone too far.  He’d wanted to encourage John, to show him it was all okay, that he could be Mycroft and Greg’s little princess if that was what he wanted, but it may have been too much too soon.  John had almost broken down over a girl’s nightgown; it was foolish of Greg to think he was ready for that feminine of an endearment.
“You made the wrong decision after a hard day, kiddo,” he said, voice sure and kind.  “Sometimes it can be hard to ignore the bad thoughts.”
“Why don’t we ask John tomorrow what he thinks of that, okay?”
Luckily, Mycroft was as perceptive as ever.
With his pair of shark pajamas and a tossle of the kid’s damp hair, Sherlock was just about sorted. But Greg knew he would not feel fully content until he had both of his boys in his arms.
“Too hot for a pull-up, Daddy,” Bunny tried.
“Redbeard,” he mumbled, blinking back to consciousness.  “Redbeard.”
Bunny shook his head once more, then looked up at Greg with tearful eyes.
His Daddy sighed, and Bunny could tell that he was contemplating whether or not to send him back for another time out, as he sometimes did when Sherlock refused to acknowledge what rules he had broken.
Bunny glanced up from his spot snuggled with his blanket and bunny rabbit on the couch and shook his head.
The Goodnight he had grabbed was camouflage, and in a terrifying instant John saw himself reflected in the bathroom mirror and was plagued with memories of war.
“Daddy?” Bunny asked, voice tentative.
“Are you sure?” Mycroft asked.  “Uncle Greg said you picked out some nice presents for your brother.  I’m sure he’d love to see them.”
“And the…” John sighed, but he needed to know.
“You don’t think he’s still struggling?” Greg asked, trying to understand Mycroft's comment. “Forcing himself to stay older?”
But then Papa was stirring, rubbing at his eyes as he cleared his throat, and Sherlock was forced to press a palm against the front of his diaper as he dove back under the sheets, shifting his hips until his alligator was back between his legs to help him hold in the wee.
Hi lovelies--It's been a rough few days, so I needed some cuteness!  Hope this chapter will bring some comfort to those of you also dealing with negativity.  We'll be okay! xoxox
Check out my tumblr if you haven't read the latest ficlet in this series "Lost Boy" (my gift to the wonderful whispered),
Sending you all love and bunny kisses!
Maybe Sherlock could become a more affectionate and supportive person.  He could open the door and let Mycroft hold him the way he held Bunny and show him the more child-like sadness instead of anger and simply allow himself the escape of thought.  And then, when he had aged up again, he could sit with John and listen to his worries and give him his time and attention.  But he knew he wouldn’t be able to uphold those actions for long, not without significant practice and effort.  Those were actions synonymous with Bunny and Mycroft, not Sherlock, and Sherlock had never been able to be something he was not unless a case called for it.  This was nothing like a case.
“Don’t complain about what arouses you, Dr. Watson,” Sherlock said, pressing his knee up between John’s thighs.
Mycroft could not help but emit a scoff of laughter as he shifted the car into drive, amazed by his little brother’s lack of self-awareness.
Sherlock nodded, eyes wide.  The boy seemed to be at his baseline age of seven or eight at the moment, for which John was grateful.  It was always tough to process emotional resonance with a very young Sherlock.
“I know, little one,” Greg said, shifting the boy so that he turned in a way that allowed him to see his face.  “You were feeling a lot of emotions that you didn’t know how to deal with, and that’s hard.”
“I don’t do that,” was all he said, but his cheeks were pink, and he would not make eye contact.
“It’s going to be alright, love,” he said, his smile in his voice.  “Give them time.  They’ll come around.”
Sherlock knew his brother understood by the way his expression softened.  The last time Bunny had been out in public, he’d been at the zoo and he’d wet his pants.  Right now, Bunny was dressed in pajamas, but he was also dressed in a pull-up; any embarrassment he would feel from others looking at him dressed in little boy pjs paled in comparison to the idea of the shame he would feel if he was asked to change out of his pull-up and into big boy undies and then had another accident.  Bunny hadn't really been asking to wear his pajamas to the store; he had been asking to wear a pull-up.
Greg had purchased groceries for a fancy ham dinner, wanting to give the boys a traditional Christmas meal, but neither Greg nor Mycroft had felt like spending the majority of their night in the kitchen.  They’d opted for take-away, ordering curry and agreeing to save the ham steak and ingredients for sweet potato casserole for another time.
Sherlock blinked back at him with wide eyes.  It was the first time Bunny had called Mycroft Daddy in front of Sherlock, but Bunny didn't have the mental energy to contemplate that at the moment.  He wanted Mycroft.  He needed Mycroft.
Mycroft had been able to see what had been going through John’s mind all afternoon.  The nerves, the worry, the insecurities.  He had come to learn that, unlike Sherlock, John always needed some solo processing time before he was ready to discuss.  It was why Mycroft hadn't spoken up or suggested that the boy age up.  He knew he just had to wait for John to come to him on his own terms, after he had processed himself.
“I’m not surprised, given the show of energy you’ve exerted this morning,” John smirked.
For all of his antics and refusals, a part of Bunny knew Sherlock was not actually against the scheme.  He’d seemed rather eager to begin on the day he joked about it with John, pressing him for information about his early memories of toilet training-- “I knew you were a late bloomer; I myself was out of nappies by 18 months, thanks to Mycroft’s tyrannical regimen”--and going so far as to begin searching for chamomile tea, which he explained had natural diuretic properties in case they wanted to make things more interesting when the day to begin came.
“You made a bad decision, buddy,” Mycroft clarified, letting Sherlock press his face into his collarbone.  “One that was unhealthy and dangerous.  Next time, I want you to come to me or to Papa if you’re feeling like you might make the same decision.  Do you understand?”
“I’d like to talk to you, Lock.”
“That all sounds lovely,” Papa said.  “You know Daddy and I just want you to feel happy.”
“Can what we just did technically be classified as dry humping given the rather drenched state of us?”
“Of course, Bunny,” he said, clearly aware that John felt the need to remove himself from the stress of the adult conversation.  “Go play while Daddy makes breakfast, okay?  Your brother should be home later this afternoon.”
Sherlock sat up and pulled the pacifier from his own mouth to offer it to John, who leaned forward and took the plastic bulb of the pirate pacifier in his mouth.  He smiled and wiped his teary eyes.
Greg sidled up to Mycroft and wrapped his arms around his chest from behind.
Once he had assured himself that the coast was clear, he hurried across the hallway and into his bedroom, inadvertently slamming the door behind him in his haste to close himself away from anyone’s prying eyes.  His heart was beating quickly as he prayed no one had heard the noise, and, because Mycroft had removed the locks from the boys’ bedroom doors, he dragged the desk chair over to the doorway and propped it beneath the doorknob to keep anyone from barging in on him.  He then closed the door connecting his room to Bunny’s, wishing he had another chair with which to barricade himself but not wanting to take up any more time looking for something.
He dropped to his knees and, taking the juice box in both hands, squeezed.  Juice began squirting out onto the carpet, and Sherlock aimed it to cover the puddle he’d left from his wetting.  The juice was almost clear, but the slight purple color and the re-wetting of the carpet was enough to hide the yellowing stain.
Greg stopped the movement of the rocking chair and helped Bunny sit up on his lap so that he could see his kid’s face and eyes.
Something giddy has burst open in John’s chest as he salutes Greg and hops out of the train car, dragging Sherlock out behind him. He feels sixteen, immortal and omnipotent.
John and Sherlock get closer, and get a bit of a reprieve from the daily difficulties of living on the streets. Basically a chapter of them falling for each other, really hard.
“Yeah?” John manages, on the wisp of air left in his lungs.
John rubs the ends of their noses together and exhales into Sherlock’s open mouth. “I was rather hoping you’d say that.”
Those words were so unexpected, John’s voice so rumbling and deep, so inviting, there was no time to quell the shiver that coursed through him. John laughed low and nipped his earlobe, straightened up and sauntered off to the loo, that perfect arse wiggling just enough that Sherlock knew it was purposeful.
“Mmmm, I might need - some help. In the bath.” John grins crookedly, wriggles his hips a little.
John doesn’t say anything, just shuts his eyes and swallows and swallows, tries to make the lump in his throat go away. He doesn’t want to spoil this, doesn’t want to say anything hurtful that he can’t take back.
It wasn’t what John had always imagined it would be like to kiss Sherlock. It wasn’t sparks and fire. It wasn’t electricity racing down his spine. It was beautifully, wondrously familiar. It was what they should always have been - had already been, without acknowledging it. Sherlock’s lips were silken, almost unbelievably soft, against John’s wrecked bloody mouth. There was a brief dart of a tongue licking John’s top lip, and then Sherlock pulled back, staring into John’s face.
“You are. You’re
torturing me.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and didn’t answer, though that was, in fact,
- there's Sherlock's tongue, just the tip, sliding against the inner rim of Johns lower lip. John grabs at Sherlock's shirt, pulling him close, looking for something to anchor himself to, because shit, he's swooning, he's actually
Sherlock retrieves his cigarettes from the sitting room, throws open the window to the fire escape and leans against the sash, turning the pack over between his fingers. John’s just putting the coffee on when there’s a knock at the flat door. They both jump. Sherlock’s stomach is immediately in knots.
Sherlock felt a creeping darkness over his shoulders and up the back of his neck. The black mood that John usually deemed
Sherlock cleared his throat, opened his mouth. He couldn’t seem to find the words. The question had been there, right there, a moment ago. Do you love me? Now, with John quiet and waiting, it was trapped behind years of bottled emotion, behind the certainty that he would never deserve John, that he was unworthy of anyone’s affections.
“Oi! Leave him be!” John’s red faced, wriggling wildly, trying to get free. But he’s two heads shorter and about half the weight of Jim’s lackey, and there’s just no way. The goon just stands there, silent and stone faced, like he’s holding a small child.
He shivers through the memory, sour and suffocating, and forces himself to swallow.
“Hmmm?” Sherlock smoothed his palm over the back of John’s head, squeezing the soapy water from it. John leaned forward, rested his brow against his bent forearm.
“Oh - oh - oh, god, I’m gonna -” John’s fingers suddenly curl at the headboard, his rough panting deepening into a low rumbling groan as his hips snap down hard.
They settle slowly, breathing hard against each other. Sherlock swivels, mouths at the edge of John’s orbital bone, and John squeezes him crushingly tight. They don’t bother cleaning up. Showers and laundry can be done in the morning. Sherlock eventually turns so they’re facing each other and sighs sleepily into John’s mouth. John pulls the blankets over them and flips on his back, pulls Sherlock to rest securely against his chest.
John and Sherlock break apart as though they’ve been electrocuted. John's lips are tingling as he turns to see Greg Lestrade, Sally Donovan, and half of London bomb disposal. Greg is staring at him, hands on hips, his cheeks blushed with a bit of second hand embarrassment, but his eyes are sparkling. He raises his eyebrows at John and John just shrugs. Greg tosses his head back and laughs.
Sherlock smiles, takes hold of John's wrist and presses his lips to his finger, then his palm, and lays his cheek into John's hand. "So you're never going to die? That's ambitious."
John shook his head, feeling unaccountably lonely. He'd texted Sherlock after the match, just to let him know they'd won and to see if he was needed for the case. Sherlock hadn't texted him back. He'd had a few moments of concern, but likely Sherlock was just in his mind palace turning over evidence and didn't hear his phone. John could envision him, skinny bare feet curled over the edge of his chair, hands templed in front of his mouth with his fingertips slowly stroking the bottom of his nose, his eyes dark and fathomless and he stared into his own brilliant mind.
“It’s not traditional. That’s a difficult concept for you. You can get...stuck…on ideas about how things should be, as opposed to how things actually are.”
"Stop admiring my arse and get on with it, Sherlock. You're killing the mood here."
By the time they get home from the party, though, they’re both more than half drunk and ready for sleep. John gets Mrs Hudson settled in her flat, and practically crawls into bed. Sherlock follows soon after and they curl tightly together with chaste kisses and murmured endearments. Sherlock falls asleep quickly, as he usually does, and John tries, slotting up along the comfortingly familiar plane of Sherlock’s back and breathing in the smell of him as he inhales and exhales deep and rhythmic, trying to make himself relax.
“Sorry. Close to what?”
“I do now. I understand now.” Back muscles stiffening, preparing for it, waiting for the rage that was about to be unleashed. He very nearly winced, as if against a blow. John probably wouldn’t hit him, but it would feel like he had. Every angry word a laceration, a scar that Sherlock would bear forever.  He whispered again, “I’m sorry.”
“We’ll see, Watson. I wouldn’t count on it.” Rose goes back to petting the now sleeping rat in her lap, winking at Sherlock.
- John sighs and closes his eyes, resigned and fond. After that, they have milk. Sherlock learns to make soap, and cheese.
“Yes. I have one left. I want to smoke it and then, that’s done. No more.” John looked down at his hands, twisting his fingers together. Sherlock waited. “You know it was just...it was just to have some part of you. Let some part of you in me.”
John’s shaking, his whole body quivering. Sherlock presses his closed lips to John’s, whisperingly soft, and John sighs, pushes his fingers through Sherlock’s hair and grips his head between his hands. Sherlock kisses him again, just slightly harder, pulls John’s lower lip between his own and sucks tenderly. He leans back, runs his fingers over John’s brow and down the side of his face, John’s eyes fixed on him.
“You never could see
much inside. John shifts and pushes back against him, lets out a shuddering whimper, and Sherlock answers him, indecipherable and unbound, noises tearing out of his throat as he sinks down and
“I love you.” John’s voice is husky, he sounds like he might cry. Sherlock’s worried suddenly that something is wrong.
“Almost. Another few inches. You?”
“And that’s the only one?”
"I like this episode. It's the one where Clarkson sets fire to his camper."
Albus tugs on John’s robes, pulling towards the opposite end of the Great Hall. “Come on, John, you said we were going to practice with the Snitch tonight, remember?”
you. Because I couldn't
“A friend.” John bites out, before Sherlock can speak.
“Yes, of course.” Sherlock stretched out and held his arm out in an invitation.
Sherlock couldn’t stop now even if he wanted to. He pushes in, in, unable to get as close as he wants to be, John's back skidding up the cold tile wall as Sherlock shoves into him. He can feel his foreskin slipping over the head of his cock as he rocks inside John's tight slicked passage. Radient waves of pleasure pulse out through his belly as John clings to him, fingers clawing at his back. He’s right there, his whole body trembling and quaking, the tension in his belly and his balls building and building, cresting inside his chest like a wave about to break. He slips in and out of John's slick hole with a filthy wet noise that's mindbendingly arousing. The sound of his cock thrusting into John's body melds with the slap of their flesh, John's whimpering sighs - it reminds Sherlock of music. A dirty hard edged symphony. The sounds tearing out of his own throat are needy and frenetic as he pounds into John punishingly hard. John wraps one strong hand around to cradle the back of his head and pulls it down, putting Sherlock’s sweating forehead in the hollow of his collarbone.
Then, stealthy as a predatory cat, he broke into a long loping run. He had another train to catch.
to whoever might be listening.
He stared at Sherlock, and Sherlock refused to drop his gaze. He squeezed John's thigh, leaned forward and crowded into John's space, never breaking eye contact. "John."
I’m proud of us for that, for how far we’ve come.
"Makes sense. I always did wonder, a bit."
“Oh, you’re back, Mr Holmes!” She turned as she set our breakfast down and beamed at me. “Well, welcome home, and I’ll have to go down and bring up some more scones, there’s only enough for Dr Watson and myself.”
, Sherlock thought wonderingly, as he usually did when seeing John at a distance. His size was so incongruous with his presence, with his long, loping gait and those broad shoulders upon which so much weight and sadness had always sat. Sherlock wanted nothing more in the world than to take it all away, to give John every happiness he’d always deserved and rarely received.
Dragging his eyes away from the rather impressive bulge in John’s pants, Sherlock tugs uselessly at the top button of his waistcoat and tries to calm his thudding pulse.
They rolled as one, Sherlock ending up flat on his back with John hot and perfect between his damp thighs. The blankets came with them, twisting and trapping their legs, bunching under Sherlock's hip. John pulled at them, trying to sort them out without separating himself from Sherlock. Sherlock fumbled at them too, and only ended up tightening them around their calves until they could barely move.
He hits the steps at a run, careening down them like he's being chased. Which, he supposes, he is. He runs until he's gasping for breath, until his lungs hurt, until sweat is trickling down his neck and into his eyes. He runs until he physically can't anymore. He doesn't even know where he is.
"All this talk about honey is making me hungry." John growls against Sherlock's temple.
“Yeah, come on, Sherlock. It’s Friday night, leave off the homework for a bit, nerd.” Rose smirks at him and nudges the barrel door open with her foot.
“Oh god,
“Johnny, oh god.” She whispers, hands coming up and covering her mouth. Her eyes flick to Sherlock, narrow suspiciously. Hands come away from her mouth and she plants them on her hips. “Who the hell are you?”
. It’s loathsome for him to have to suffer any of this.
The sidewalk was slick with ice and melting water, the windows of all the shops fogged up, ice crystals forming patterns in the corners. Fuck, but this place was cold. It was no wonder everyone was so miserable. London had damp and fog, but the sunny days were so perfect they seemed fake; the sun reflecting off the river, off the skyscrapers, the breeze blowing fresh and wild through the twisty little streets. The whole city would smell like the sea, like something beautiful.
goddamned regrets, and I just. I don’t think I can manage one more.”
"Sherlock, god, I never thought --" John leans forward, sliding up Sherlock's body without dislodging his fingers and puts his lips to his sternum, his collarbone, licks a wet messy stripe up his throat, and Sherlock moans and throws his arms around John's shoulders.
“Morning.” Sherlock whispers, feeling as though there’s a spell over them he’s not ready to break.
“You...you don’t talk like an eighteen year old sometimes, John.” Sherlock murmurs wonderingly, kissing the hollow above John’s hip.
- push me?” Sherlock rasps, John greedily lapping at the hollow between his neck and his collarbone.
“He needs one.” She bent down to replace the catheter bag, straightened up and planted her hands on her hips. “He’s going to be here for a little while. Real banged up."
"You never
at resistance, my breath quickening, my entire being alight with emotion at the welcoming touch of his hands as we reacquainted ourselves with one another. Our separation had felt much longer than five days to me, and now, coming home to this achingly
"I wanted to. So many times, and then...I just didn't, and I had no idea. John, I had no idea. I thought...I never thought that you...that my loss would affect you like this." Sherlock was fumbling for words. His voice was caramel, hot tea, a warm blanket over John's legs on a chilly night at Baker Street. It was low and gentle, and tentative, saturated with sorrow and love and worry. It was home.
“Um. Jim would slit my fucking throat if I touched that, a fact which both he and I know well. He knows I won’t mess with it.”
. And no, I didn’t sort it out. I’ll have to go back to the -”
John hums around him, sending sparks of electricity up Sherlock’s curving spine. He press the tip of his tongue against Sherlock’s frenulum, traces his foreskin, sucks harder and then gentler and harder again and skates a palm up over his belly. Sherlock grabs at his hand, and John laces their fingers together and squeezes.
Sherlock would most certainly remember if John had done this before.
“Want to.” It was a simplistic solution to whatever was happening between them, and Sherlock knew it, but he didn't have the words to talk about it. He didn't
we were going the right way, but I wasn’t certain.”
When their mouths meet, Sherlock’s soft bottom lip nestled between both of John’s, their breath mingling warm between them, it’s like coming home. John can’t even be embarrassed about the soft moan the escapes him as he puts his fingers against the line of Sherlock’s jaw and pulls him closer. Sherlock smiles against John’s mouth, nudges their noses together before he pulls back.
“It has nothing whatsoever to do with whether we deserve each other or not. There’s simply no other option.” Sherlock shrugs.
“Can you cover that accent if you have to?”
“I didn’t mean that,” Sherlock says, a panic rising in his chest at the thought of John leaving.
“M’sorry, love. Dinna mean to.” Speech and thinking are quickly becoming things John can’t actually manage, his consciousness the consistency and density of mushy peas. “Didjoo get ‘im?”
"How does Mycroft know about Malvo?" The emotional honesty they'd shared so easily in Bemidji was less so here. Here it was real. Here they had to deal with the aftermath.
He shoved his wallet and phone in his pockets, and opened the door. Sunlight sliced through the dim room, dust and god only knew what else floating through the air. The light fell on his dirty trousers draped over a chair. The lump in the pocket.
Sherlock pushes his finger against John’s hole, cupping his balls in his hand, and sucks harder, tongue dancing lightly over the tip of John’s prick. A low bone-deep groan and a twitch of those gorgeous hips signal John's release. Sherlock pulls off at the first pulse of hot liquid, allowing John’s come to spatter thick against his lips and chin, drip down his neck. It feels gloriously degrading, the combination of power and subservience making him dizzy with arousal as John quakes and groans and pulls at his hair.
"Leave the dishes." John says quietly as Sherlock starts clearing the table. "Why don't we take our wine to the sofa? Better place to talk."
"John." Sherlock turns his head, kiss-bruised mouth turned up at the corners, his eyes softer than John's ever seen them.
"Nothing. Doesn't matter."
The car peels away with a screech, careening onto the cross street into a bevy of horns and shouting. John’s shoulders are heaving, his hands clenching into fists over and over, watching the intersection.
“Molly?” Sherlock breathes, feeling like he’s been punched in the gut.
The only way he gets through it sometimes, thinking someone else won't have to endure it.
"You just
Sherlock grips John’s thighs, guides him to thrust harder, faster.“You did this - with other boys - when you were fifteen?”
Of course he doesn't say it. He's never said it. Except when it was safe, bound by the confines of friendship, in the context of John and Mary as a couple. When it was guaranteed not to lead anywhere that was uncharted. Christ, but he can be a coward.
Sherlock watched John as he disappeared into the hallway, his shoulders tight. This holiday was going to be emotional for John. Sherlock would have to tread lightly, or John would close up like an oyster being prodded with a stick.
“Yes,
They lapsed into a comfortable silence, sipping their tea and rubbing their feet against each other gently. John felt pleasantly drowsy, his eyes heavy. He set his chin in his hand, wishing half heartedly that there was a fire going, and let his eyes close.
, is so precious to me, so long in coming. I don’t want to disrupt this. I don't want to talk about difficult things. I want to feel your stomach pressed in the small of my back, and hear those little sighs in my ear. I can't bring myself to disturb this calm between us.
They belong to him, in a way that the rest of his life never has. Everything before controlled, directed by his parents, by Mycroft, by his brain and his talent. Nothing ever his choice. Until he left. Only then had he claimed some portion of  his own identity, been allowed to not be clever or brilliant or talented. Been allowed to just be, without demands being placed upon him.
John stretches out his left hand, fingers gently curled toward his palm. His eyes never leave Sherlock’s face. Sherlock spreads the lube over three fingers, drops the packet next to him on the bed. He grips John’s wrist and lowers his hand between his thighs. John exhales heavily, strokes the crease of Sherlock’s arse with two fingers.
,” he intoned, his hands abandoning my hair so that he could clutch at the arms of the chair.
. Always John.
“Shhh, go back to sleep, darling,” John murmurs against Sherlock’s sleep warm throat. He slides his arm across Sherlock’s ribs, pulls him close and squeezes.
"Well. The case turned out to be much more complex than I'd anticipated when Lestrade phoned this morning.It seemed initially to be a simple domestic murder, but I realised immediately upon meeting the wife that she couldn’t have done it. It became even more intriguing when I discovered that the dead husband had a hidden drawer in his office desk…” Sherlock settled back against John’s calf, recounting every single detail of the case. Hands gesturing animatedly, talking so fast he occasionally forgot to breath.
He pulls John into the queue, tugs him flush up against him and twitches his hips in a little circle. John flushes and drapes his arms around Sherlock’s neck. Sherlock settles his hands right above John’s arse, nestled comfortably in the small of his back.
. Always his variable, and his anchor.
Sherlock knew John's relationship with his father had been fraught with tension, before John had cut him off. A childhood of incessant judgment and harsh discipline, often meted out with a belt or an unforgiving hand, made for an adversarial adult relationship. After John's mother had passed away, John and Harry had become completely estranged from him. Sherlock had only met him once, at a wedding for a distant cousin whom John had a particular affection for. He hadn't expected his father to be there. When he'd spotted him striding towards them, John had reached automatically for Sherlock's hand and gripped it tight. Anchoring himself.
Lastly (and if you've made it this far before skipping my rambling, you're a champ): I do think I want to write more age regression fanfiction, maybe a 'littles are known' AU, but I'm not sure I'm feeling super inspired by Sherlock at the moment.  Does anyone have other series they think would be good for age regression?  I've seen so much Avengers fanfic but I've only ever watched Dr. Strange (for obvious Cumberbatch reasons).  I used to write Harry Potter (there's a long series over on omorashi.org about Harry and Draco that I wrote years ago that I've been meaning to clean up and get posted here), so I've been debating a Harry Potter 'littles are known' AU, but does anyone still want to read Harry Potter fanfic?  Alternatively, would you guys still want to read my stuff if I decided to write something involving original characters?  Let me know your thoughts.
“Come here, love,” John said, shifting his hand up to the nape of Sherlock’s neck and pulling him close.  “I’ve got you.”
It was one of Mycroft’s old rules, one of the rules he had passed down to John, who was now the main enforcer of the routine of Sherlock’s little life.  They had settled into a comfortable arrangement.  Sherlock spent most of his time as an adult, but he was a bit more open with John about when he needed little time.
John paused in his discussion with Sherlock's older brother, voice trailing as he heard the trickling and turned to face Sherlock.
“You know that if I'm being completely honest with myself, I'm more than okay with this,” John said when he knew he and Mycroft were less likely to be disturbed, “I haven't worn one since the morning after Greg babysat, and I have a vague memory of admitting that pull-ups intrigued me to Sherlock last night when we were drunk.  His recollection of it is clearly less hazy than mine.”
“Good boy,” Mycroft said, catching Sherlock and giving him a hug.  “Now go help Uncle Greg make dinner while I get your brother out of the tub, okay?”
It was why, when Bunny walked up to him with a toad clasped in his hands, arms outstretched and a goofy grin on his face as he called out “Froggie, froggie!” over and over again, Sherlock did not join in Bunny’s celebration but knocked the smaller man’s hands away and then knocked his shoulder against John as hard as he could.
“Use your soother, bud,” Greg said, glancing to him with reassurance through the rear-view mirror.  “It’s okay to cry, but try to breathe.”
Greg seemed to understand John’s mental state in the moment was rather fragile, and he pulled out his mobile and found Mycroft’s contact quickly.
Sherlock was as clingy as ever now that he had seen Bunny get upset, but Bunny was relieved that at least he wasn’t going to be put in time-out for his little outburst.  He allowed himself to be led to the living room, where Daddy sat in the middle of the couch and helped Bunny up to his right side as he shifted Sherlock to his left.  He reached to run his fingers through Bunny’s hair, and Bunny put his thumb in his mouth and allowed himself to focus only on the feel of his Daddy’s fingers and his Daddy’s heartbeat, which he could hear if he rested his ear against his chest.
“Well, Daddy,” Papa said as he and Bunny approached from down the hallway, “this big boy has earned a sticker for his training chart!”
Sherlock was currently in the middle of adding a war plan to the back of his treasure map, scribbling furiously as he explained which was enemy territory and which was neutral ground.
“You can be a princess,” he said, careful not to show any hesitation in his voice.  Bunny glanced up, eyes wide and hopeful.  “But I..” Sherlock looked back towards Mycroft.  It was hard to explain; the words were hard to find, especially when he was so close to slipping littler.
Mycroft nodded.  He had been thinking the same thing, particularly given the wide, gaping yawns Bunny had been taken by during his bath.  Mycroft was pleased he had been able to depend on Greg to deal with Sherlock while he had cared for John.  There had been a time he would have felt compelled to instruct Greg on the proper ways to handle and discipline Sherlock, a time when he would have micro-managed.  But he had been working on trusting Greg, had comforted himself with the knowledge that the man’s parenting instincts were as keen as anyone’s and that he cared for the boys immensely.
Another 17 hours and 12 minutes, Sherlock hypothesized.  17 hours and 12 minutes before they would be heading back to the safety of London, where Sherlock intended to be moody and needy and blissfully small for days.  Maybe John would even feel up for babying him, something they hadn’t done in quite some time.  If not, they would go to Mycroft’s or even Greg’s, Sherlock would wet his pants again and again until Mycroft put him in diapers, and Sherlock would let John be the big brother for a while--big sister if he preferred.
“I needed you to help
And then Mycroft didn’t have to guess, because he could simply follow the sound of Bunny’s tears to find the kiddo huddled beneath his desk, hugging his knees to his chest and looking rather small and pitiful.
The juxtaposition of Sherlock’s currently childish voice struggling to parrot back Mycroft’s heightened language was rather adorable, and John could not help but pull the boy in for a hug at long last, chuckling to himself that Sherlock was too cute for his own good.
“Can’t we stay here?” John asked.
John whined in the back of his throat, cheeks blazing with embarrassment.
John began another protest, wanting to assure Greg that he’d be fine, that he didn’t need him at the moment, that he could be responsible and get himself home like an adult, but his phone cut him off halfway through the first phrase, battery dead.
“Fancy a pint?” John asked, and Sherlock shrugged but stood from the couch.  .
“I’ll come with you,” Greg said, quickly placing both his and John's mug on a sideboard table before reaching for John’s elbow once more.
Mycroft patted the outer edge of Sherlock’s thigh to signal the boy was all set.  He stood from the crouched position he had been in to clean up Sherlock and tossed the used wipes and the pull-up into the trash.
Mycroft heard the front door open and a bounding up the stairs that could only be Sherlock.  He had let Lestrade take the boys to the zoo for the morning, and as much as he hadn’t liked to admit it, he had been nervous.
“I wanted to be littler, but my mind said I shouldn’t be a baby,” Sherlock said, shy once more as he leaned against Mycroft for support and comfort but able to find his words a bit more easily now that the man was beside him, closer to forgiving him.  “My mind said it wasn’t fair you got to wear your mermaid shirt and pink pull-ups and Papa and Mycroft were gonna buy you what you wanted at the store but they weren’t gonna buy me what I wanted because I couldn’t even tell them what I wanted.  Then I felt like making you sad because I was sad, and I was angry and that’s why I teared apart your dollies.  But it was wrong and I’m so, so sorry, Bunny.”
“You’re such a smart boy,” he said, and Sherlock did not squirm away.  In fact, he was eager for his brother’s attention; he did not want to be alone.  He raised his arms towards Mycroft, who held out Sherlock’s pacifier before signalling for him to wait one moment.  Sherlock was left alone while Mycroft brought the last of the breakfast plates, utensils, and napkins used for clean-up into the kitchen, and then Mycroft was lifting him into his arms and carrying him to the kitchen, where they sat at the table.  Sherlock rested his cheek on Mycroft’s shoulder.
“I genuinely want you to be happy, John,” Sherlock said.  “It’s clear you gain something from headspace that you haven’t felt comfortable getting anywhere else.  And Mycroft is a significant part of that gain for you.”
“Uncle Greg said you wandered away from him at the store,” Mycroft said.
“I don’t understand,” John said with a bit of a scoffing laugh.  “You were worried because some little girl stole his dog when they were kids?”
Sherlock had not realized just how dependant he was on Mycroft until John had entered his life, perhaps had not realized there was anything abnormal about their brotherly relationship until John spoke of his own lukewarm relationship with his sister and questioned why Mycroft was so protective.  Sherlock had made a disparaging comment about John’s fairy-tale need to see sentimentality in all aspects of his life and shrugged it off, but he soon began to observe his brother’s actions as something to be studied.  And he had come to understand through his gathered data that what he had with Mycroft was not something easily found, not something that could have existed unless it was fully grounded in Mycroft’s love for his little brother.
“Good girl,” Greg said.  “Thank you for being honest.”
“I’m fine, Mycroft,” Sherlock said.  “Really.”
“You know you could have woken me if you couldn’t sleep.”
It was rare that John was non-verbal when fully adult, but since being assured time and again in littlespace that there was nothing wrong with moments of quietude here and there, the man had become more prone to silences even in his adult state, although generally only with Mycroft.  He was too paranoid others would view his quiet moments as rudeness.
John shook his head.
“Sherlock,” Mycroft warned.  “You’re not feeling well.  It’s probably a good idea to be safe tonight.  You can wear your big boy underwear tomorrow morning if you’re still feeling big, okay?”
His younger brother was left rather speechless, and he humphed, turning to press his face against the mattress as he drew his legs to his chest, closing himself off from the outside world.  By admitting to his own wrongdoing, Mycroft had cut his little brother’s plan off at the knees, leaving Sherlock with few options beyond childish grunting and whining.
When Daddy sighed, Bunny’s fears were confirmed, and he knew it would be quite some time before he’d get his pacifier back.  He pulled his tongue back into his mouth and could not help the tears from forming.  It was their last day at the lake house; they’d be driving back to London that evening, and then he would need to get big again.  He had already begun to feel the worry about aging up and going back to regular life peppering his thoughts; without the comfort of his pacifier, it would be that much harder to stay little and enjoy their last day.
This chapter has some shifts in headspace for John, and a few moments of adult John caring for Sherlock since that's been requested so often!  Otherwise, it's mainly just more fluff and cuteness with some character development thrown in for good measure.
“Thank you, doctor.” Mrs Hudson smiles, lays a hand on Sherlock’s knee as the doctor disappears down the hallway. He stares at it, emerges from his thoughts of Jim and revenge, the fury and fear tangible, like a stone lodged in his esophagus. “Better?”
Sherlock jerks the door open harshly as he’s still zipping his jeans, and skids into the sitting room. Lestrade and John are standing in the doorway, and behind Lestrade is -
"We'll go next week. This case we're on now should be wrapped up by then, and we just won't take a new one until we get back."
, John. You needed
at the sight of John so vulnerable and shrunken.
“What I…? What are you talking about?” John gestured toward the sink on the wall. “Get me some water.”
“Alright. I’ll behave. But in and out, alright? None of this hanging about and chatting bullshit.” John’s become increasingly more physically imposing as they’ve walked. His shoulders more square, his jaw jutting forward, fists clenching.
“There’s nothing.” Sherlock says tightly, side eyeing a young couple bustling through the door with an armful of shopping bags. His knee pushes marginally against John’s.
A calm washed over him like a wave breaking on the sand. Tension he hadn’t even known was there evaporated, and he felt almost weak with relief. He pushed up on his knees and pressed his lips to John’s. John's hand cupped around the nape of his neck, thumb rubbing slowly.
"That was
John waited until he was out of sight, and moved around the other side of the table. The vinyl seat was still warm where Lorne had been sitting. He took in his companion, his charge. The person who’s mess he apparently had to clean up.
Sherlock says nothing, but squirms on the sheets, twisting them enough that one corner pops free of the mattress. His hair is wild around his face, a sweaty halo. "My fallen angel," John hums, almost to himself, sliding his hand up the insides of Sherlock's thighs and pinching the tender skin hard enough to make Sherlock cry out.
"Whether it was done out of concern or not is inconsequential, John. I'm not your pet, to be led around by a leash and patted on the head and given my daily treats. I'm submissive to you, but I'm also a grown man, and you seem to have blurred the lines in your mind.”
He counted the minutes between texts, and was fairly bursting out his skin by the time they sat down in the evenings for their Skyping. Sherlock brought out something tender and protective in him - he seemed so alone, other than his brother who made him crazy, and John. But he was brilliant, and bizarre, and John found him mesmerising. His friends were sick to death of hearing about what Sherlock said, what Sherlock thought about a band or a film. John couldn’t stop talking about him, couldn’t stop thinking about him.
“Alright, gorgeous, you get the smokes and I’ll meet you on the fire escape.” John rolls out of the bed and scratches at his belly, yawns. “I’ll get the coffee.”
Now, he wanted to pound this little shit’s face in. But they apparently worked for the same man. So that option was probably off the table.
“Mmm. Not for a long while.” He stretched and sighed, and then finally separated himself from me. He stood, and I heard the distinctive slap of his hands on his stomach as he yawned. “We should -”
Incredulous eyebrows lift at him, smirking. “With
John can hear the low rumble of Sherlock on the phone ordering takeaway, as he’s knotting the cotton ties of a pair of Sherlock’s soft pyjama bottoms around his waist. They’re far too long. John doesn’t care. He yanks the tee shirt Sherlock gave him over his wet hair, and pads out to the sitting room. Sherlock’s curled on the couch with his dressing gown wrapped around his legs, long feet crossed over each other. He tosses his phone on the side table.
John interjects again before Sherlock can say a word. His fingers are now wrapped around his wand, but he hasn’t drawn it yet. “Look. I really don’t feel like beating the shit out of you, alright? It’ll be a right pain in the arse for all of us, so let’s just avoid it, yeah? You go off and bother someone else, and Sherlock and I’ll go up to the castle together, and everyone’s happy.”
"Your turn, John?" Sherlock danced his fingers over the inside of John's wrist, and unfolded his legs so they were resting on top of John's thighs. He inched closer, arse against John's crossed calves. "May I?"
“No. No, not enough.” John tugged at Sherlock's arm and wriggled towards him.
John’s hair is shining blonde and white streaked in the orange light, eyes cerulean, the new maroon button down and dark denim shorts accentuating every curve of muscle. Sherlock swallows. It’s been forever since he wanted someone. He wants John so badly his mouth goes dry.
“Oh.” John let out a shuddering breath. It could not be. But he had to take the chance. This time, he just had to see. He knew exactly what to say, what no one else could possibly have heard. Because this wasn’t a conversation at Baker Street. This was no chance Mycroft had been recording them. They had been all alone for this, sitting in the warm morning light in Dartmoor, having breakfast together. No one else could possibly know.
John's gaze on him was pure heat. He could feel it, traveling over his chest, up his neck, lingering on his mouth. Sherlock met John's eyes, the air between them electric and thick. He swallowed and averted his gaze, before they gave in and ended up panting and frenetic on the couch, bags still in the car and no food in the kitchen.
Harry fixes him with the kind of steel cold stare that only older siblings are capable of, and he drops the jumper back in the bag and grins.
Now Sherlock could have cared less about the damned bags. He wanted John's arms around him again, heavy and solid, John's warm breath against his skin, the slight scrape of his late evening stubble. He sighed, acquiescing, knowing they'd regret it tomorrow morning if they woke up in a house with no coffee and no shampoo, no dressing gowns or clean pants. Stumbling out into the frigid Scottish morning in dirty clothes to search for coffee wasn't the ideal way to start a holiday, no matter how inviting John felt at the moment.
John laughs too, and
John looked up at the mantle clock for what felt like the fiftieth time since he’d been home from the surgery. Sighed, trying to get back into the book he was reading, some trashy pulp crime novel rubbish that another doctor had recommended. It wouldn’t have held his interest normally, but tonight it really was a losing battle. He flipped a few more pages idly, and finally set it down on the side table.
Sherlock hums and nods again, allows himself to collapse back against the bed with a whine as John licks slow and purposeful at the base of his cock. He rocks up to get a better angle, and pulls his hand from Sherlock’s grip so he can put one hand on each of Sherlock’s hips and hold him relatively still. He doesn’t take him back in his mouth, but instead does what Sherlock asked, licking and lapping at him unhurriedly. He closes his eyes and concentrates on enjoying every second of this - the solid press of bone against his palms, the taste of Sherlock on his tongue, the tickle of his pubic hair on the end of his nose. John licks at his bollocks, circling his tongue into that soft pulsing point behind them until Sherlock’s tensing again, straining against John’s hands holding him down.
, fuck,” John thrust forward hard, so hard it was on the edge of painful. He stilled for a long moment, his hips kicked forward once more, and Sherlock felt the swell of his cock inside him, the hot wet rush of come filling him up, and then John was whimpering and trembling in the cradle of Sherlock’s legs. He shook and sobbed, fingers clutching at Sherlock's hipbones so hard it hurt.
Sherlock nods, unable to formulate any words that make sense. John yanks a few paper towels out of the dispenser and hands then to Sherlock, then takes some for himself. They wet them under the tap, watching each other in the cloudy mirror. Sherlock scrubs his face and neck and John wipes at the smeared eye makeup across his temples and the come dried on his belly. The shared grins and winks are almost more than Sherlock can take, the intimacy of this moment more intense than the sex.
“No, love, can’t say I do. I’m a bit - foggy. Can I have something to drink?”
Sherlock thinks about it, moves his hips and clenches his muscles experimentally, and John laughs low in his throat, petting down Sherlock’s back and kissing his cheek over and over.
Sherlock eats the pickle in two bites, salt and celery seed tart on his tongue. John's watching him out if the corner is his eye, elbows on his thighs. Sherlock wipes pickle juice on his jeans, goes back to counting his money. Fuck. Not enough to get him through the night. One more trick, just one more. There’s always that greasy little fuck who always hung round the edges of Hackney Downs, watching the boys playing rugby. Maybe he's watched John before. He’s always up for it. Easy mark.
“Off.”
Like this. Doing this.”
“Will you come this way?” His breath was hot and shivering against the outer rim of my ear.
The parcel arrived on a Wednesday night. John was out for a rare pint with Stamford, and Sherlock was bored stiff without him. He'd already gone through the fridge and thrown out the body parts that had gone off, rearranged their dresser both by colour and season (thus Sherlock's magenta lambswool socks were now nestled tidily next to John's plum coloured jumper with the leather elbow patches, and John's bright lemon chambray button down was shouldered beside Sherlock's favourite pale yellow pyjama shirt), and gotten into several lively arguments with commenters on John's blog. Those would probably earn him John's sternest furrowed brow and an exasperated
This John didn’t feel a thing except relief when he moved away.
A silvery warmth spreads through Sherlock’s back, feathering out across his shoulder blades and up into his hair. John’s eyes are
John can feel the delicious swell of Sherlock’s cock alongside his own, the wetness of his precome spreading sticky between his fingers as he approaches orgasm. “Sherlock. Sherlock. Come, love, come on. I want to see you, I want you all over me, come on,” He pants, desperate for him, desperate for this, this confirmation of who they are together, that they’re going to be alright.
“Sherlock?  Why is this door locked?” Papa asked, talking quickly.  “Open the door, kid.”
“Bunny doesn’t want to wear big boy clothes because he might have a wee in his pants, and everyone would know,” Sherlock whispered.
“Papa and Bunny night?”
Bunny giggled, then pointed to the middle of his chest.
It was not what Sherlock wanted to hear, and the boy broke down into a full-on strop, sinking to the floor in tears as he kicked and flailed.  A moment later, he climbed to his feet and made his displeasure known by stomping out of the room towards the staircase.
“I think we could use another round,” John said, getting to his feet to retrieve more beer.
“What do you say we watch a bit of telly when you’ve finished?” John asked, wanting to settle Sherlock’s burgeoning anxiety by not allowing him time to question what came next.
“Yes,” Mycroft nodded, tipping the final dregs of bourbon back.  “Let’s.”
EDIT:  New Ficlet uploaded on tumblr 2/16--heed the tags, as it's a tad bit different than most of my posts!
Bunny nodded, and Mycroft could see that he had slipped a bit lower in age during the spanking.
“Goodnight, then,” Mycroft said, and he turned to leave.
“Nothing but incompetence,” he said with an ironic laugh.  “Shouldn’t take too long to sort it all out.  You go on and eat your breakfast while I go up and have a chat with your--with Mycroft.”
“They arrested the murderer,” Mycroft relayed, passing along the message from Greg.
“Parents?” Greg asked by way of starting the conversation.  He knew neither Sherlock nor Mycroft felt any lingering affection for their parents.
She laughed and cupped Greg’s cheek once more before dropping her hand and returning to her work in the kitchen.
Tommy's brow knitted together confusedly. "Shit, sorry, John. Really. I’m sorry. I was just taking the piss. You know I'm not like that."
“I plan to.” John murmurs back, dipping his head back down to nuzzle at Sherlock’s mouth. A hard shiver runs the length of his spine, rippling out across his limbs and up the back of his neck. No one has ever turned him on the way Sherlock does, had the ability to make him feel like his skin is on fire, like he’s burning from the inside out.
Greg had called. Once, twice. The third time John picked it up because he knew Greg would worry if he didn’t. He knew he sounded as if he’d been sobbing for an hour. Greg paused, reconsidered whatever he'd been about to say, then waffled on about the Yard, and Molly, and shit John couldn’t care about anymore even if he wanted to. Which he didn't. The darkness in him was suffocating. He barely managed a few grunts in reply, and hung up without remembering if he said goodbye or not.
Sherlock smiles against John's mouth, shimmies closer and wraps his arms around John's neck. "When, then?"
These were questions he couldn’t even fathom the existence of. Sherlock could NOT be alive. He’s seen his broken body. Been to his funeral.
“Yeah?” John hates how unsure his voice sounds, but he’s just so afraid to get this wrong.
“What’s new?” Sherlock tilts his head and shrugs, shoves the plate of chips towards John.
"Yeah. Good." So nervous he feels like a virgin, he goes stiff as John's face rolls into his neck, breath hot against his Adam's apple. He’s so tender with Sherlock it hurts. No one’s ever touched him like this.
. Please don't go."
In the evening, his phone buzzed with a drunken selfie of Sherlock in a horrid Christmas jumper, leaning against a massive stone fireplace, his tongue stuck in the corner of his mouth, one eye squeezed shut in a crooked wink.
