"Piper, don't think I didn't see your intentions. Don’t play with forces you can’t understand. Remember the consequences.” Lena offered her hand.
Steve went to the lab, knowing that was where the alpha was likely hiding. Tony was hunched over a suit of armor.
Steve braced himself before laying on the bed and putting his feet in the stirrups. She draped a paper sheet over his legs.
Bruce took a moment to absorb what he’d seen. The conversation he understood, but the underlying messaging between Tony and Steve was something else completely. There was something between those two.
Steve woke up on the bathroom floor, a now regular occurrence. They’d successfully made it to the seven-week mark.
"The doctors wanted to wait until they are conscious. I will authorize their movement. It's best if they stay together," said Hill.
His face yielded nothing as she sewed close the wound on his forehead. He looked so tired. Anyone would after taking a beating like that. She examined his metal arm. Piper inserted the needle into the small keyhole in Winter's arm. The panel opened. She reactivated the arm. Winter flexed it, moving his fingers. His knuckles were scuffed. That hadn't happened during the attack. Winter hadn't fought back.
“We all have our coping mechanism. Yours is unhealthy, but I understand why you handle it in such a way,” said Steve.
Best to get an assessment of the situation. Winter moved to a large window facing the runway. A handsome couple was walking down the stairs of a private jet. Stars of some kind. There would be more eyes around, but their paths were unlikely to cross. Winter moved on.
Lena smiled. One of the walls she placed within Piper’s mind made it impossible for the pup to recognize her. She could be standing in front of Piper, and she would not recognize her. But Piper would always know her voice. She couldn't erase that from Piper’s memory. It was too involved, placing the foundations in the girl’s mind.
"I have to tell someone. I need to. If I don't share it with someone, I trust. It will gnaw away at me otherwise."
Steve took off his shoes and jacket. He gave a small chill. His tolerance for cold wasn’t what it used to be.
“My physical capabilities, yes.” His mind not so much. “I wasn’t speaking of that power. I believe you’re capable of more than you know in a normal state.”
Tony joined Steve on the couch. Steve cuddled closely, resting his head against Tony’s chest. He traced the arc reactor. The gentle blue light was a comfort. The metal was cool underneath his fingers. Clint, Nat, and Banner joined them. They started the movie over again. Steve was at ease. A part of him that he'd never known was missing was healed. Friends and family surrounded him. Family, he had a family. His happiness flooded through the bond. He was complete in a way he never thought he'd be. A mate and a baby on the way was something he thought he'd never have. Tony's attention wasn't on the movie either. The alpha seemed content with carding his finger through Steve's hair. Steve dozed off.
Piper whimpered. She would never forgive herself if she ever lost control and hurt Winter. It was a possibility. And the probability that the Blue Wave would happen again was higher than she liked. She’d liked it be zero.
The way the two pups clung together made it was clear they couldn't be separated. Steve sighed, tucking them in. At least, Piper had the boy. A best friend was a valuable thing. The pups would need it.
"It's fine," said Bruce. When he approached again, he was greeted by the same reaction, which he wasn't willing to challenge. "Tony, could you?"
She tackled him. They slid into the hall, gaining the attention of the two opposing forces. Piper rapidly slammed her small fists into his face until he stopped moving.
Winter grabbed the child automatically, pushing her behind him. The motion was out of his control, driven by instinct - something he wasn't supposed to have. His eyes widened at the realization. Children had never been an issue before; now should be no different.
“I’m dreading it," said Steve. Those late-night calls and the spark he felt at their touch, he didn't want to lose that. Sometimes those calls were the only highlights of his day.
Nick glared at her. She would be in a royal pain when she got older, just like her father. He was sure of it.
“I killed those people with my bare hands. I punched my hand through a man’s chest. What else could I be?”
"I was capable of convincing him, but him not being there would bring up too many questions," said Steve.
Hill waited for Stark and Rogers. Clint and Natasha were guarding the prisoner. The scared asshole hadn’t given them anything them really. Only giving him the alliance, Sir. They were forced to address the smug bastard as such. His presence had to be concealed from the parents. They'd kill him, immediately. No one would even blame them.
Steve, Clint, and Natasha made it to the airstrip, where a plane waited for them. They loaded onto a small aircraft. Even with high-speed aircraft, it would be a long flight. He turned his shield in his hand. Steve tested the new camouflage setting Tony added, before setting it to its original pattern. Conversation with them made it pass by faster. After several hours they hit turbulence as they grew closer to the mountain range.
She jumped out of the crib, nearly going to knees at the uncomfortable jolt the motion sent through her. There was still soreness and bruises. They normally didn't last more than a few hours.
Steve groaned. A deep soreness penetrated him to the core. The slightest movement sprung forth pain. He heard Tony humming an off-tune song.
They spent the day together after breakfast. Steve was in a cuddly mood and clung to him for hours on the couch. Tony was grateful for the contact. It was a powerful reassurance. At 7 p.m., Steve got up. The omega was heavily covered in his scent. Tony took Steve's hand before he got far.
“Piper, I’ll be the last person to underestimate you. I’m well aware of how intelligent you are. Yes, this is legally useless, but shows your merit as a person that you’re willing to go through with your word,” said George.
“Toys are for children. Piper is not a child, she’s a tool like you.” Lena tossed the toy in the trash.
It wouldn't hurt to have one suit for emergencies. No, he'd gotten rid of the armor for a reason. It was a distraction from what was really important. He would always be Ironman, but it needed to remain dormant. Family came first. The armor could always be rebuilt, but not what he has with Steve.
He sent a friendly wave in her direction. She’d taken off her heavier layer coat, now her large chest could be seen.
Steve spent several hours staring at the mess he’d made of the gym. He glared at the ruined ceiling drywall where support beams could be seen. It had been reinforced with steel to prevent exactly what just happened. They'd have to wait and hire someone to fix it. He grabbed a broom and started sweeping up the mess.
Tony woke up a few hours later. The warmth and comfort of his bed was never so irresistibility. Steve was asleep beside him. He couldn’t picture the man in a more perfect place. The omega belonged there in bed with him.
The door opened, revealing a mouth-watering image. Tony’s sun-kissed skin glistened with water. A dark red towel hung lowly around his waist. Steve stepped closer. He ran his hands over Tony’s chest and down his arms. His breath picked up. The shower turned on. Their lips in a kiss. He pushed his tongue into Tony’s mouth. His skin grew feverish, longing for further touch. Tony growled, pushing him against the glass wall of the shower. The door slid open. A cooling spray of water greeted them, providing temporary relief to Steve.
Winter was left in seclusion, something he’d once enjoyed. But he'd adjusted to the pup's sounds, and the new silence was grating. Her condition was unknown. All he was sure of was that she was alive.
The hour-long drive was silent. The only sound was classical music playing softly in the background. Steve was grateful for the silence. The car stopped.
A fireman trudged toward her. She reached out to him. He picked her up, putting a respirator over her mouth. It didn’t smell right. Her struggled faltered as she fell to the influence of the gas.
“You’re not bragging about your sex life. That’s a first,” said Rhodes. Tony had always gone into excoriating detail about his sex life.
He looked up in surprise when the elevator doors opened. Tony wasn't due home until later tonight. Natasha strode in, dressed in civilian clothes.
Rhodes lowered his gun when several lights were flying toward them. The number of lights kept growing.
He lowered himself to the ground, not wanting to stand. Steve handed him a large bowl of scrambled eggs.
Steve glanced out the tower window. A mob of press surrounded the base of the building. From his perch, he could see the flash of their cameras. His stomach turned. He may crave recognition as Tony's mate, but he was ready for the attention of that magnitude. It was different from what he was used to. They'd be put under a microscope. He backed away from the window, fearing he may be caught by one of the cameras.
"Good, now spread your legs and keep your knees bent for me. Mr. Stark, I want you to sit behind him so he can brace against you," she said.
“Piper,” said Tony. He was aware of what this state was. Bruce had hypothesized what it would like if she ever were to gain access to Extremis. He raised his hand, aiming his gauntlet at Winter.
“Phil?” Tony asked, hating the familiarity in Steve’s voice. Mostly he hated that his proposal was ruined.
He whined. Steve's eyes slowly opened. Tony helped the near hibernating omega to the guest bedroom, setting him in bed. Steve burrow under the blankets.
It was difficult for her to keep her expression, and her scent, neutral. She’d kept a secret from them and it ate away at her. There were several times she’d wanted to tell them, but it had proven impossible. And telling them now would be worse. They’d already gone through so much. She twitched uncomfortably in her seat. It was hard to think of normal small talk in a situation such as this. A question as simple as ‘how are you doing’ seemed stupid.
He mouthed over Steve's pink nipples. He suckled softly, not wanting to cause discomfort. Steve moaned, throwing his head back. The scent of slick filled the air. He raised his head, lapping over the nipple. Tony gave the same treatment earning the same wonderful reaction. The scent of Steve's arousal grew heavier as moved down the omega's toned stomach. The thought of seeing it round sent a near painful shiver of pleasure through him. He yanked down Steve's sweatpants, throwing them to the floor. He gazed at beautiful being underneath him. Finally, the omega would be his.
Steve returned to his room, giving Clint the space to do whatever he needed. He took a seat on his bed. Steve called Tony.
He set her down on the blanket near her favorite toy a pile of large Legos. Piper loved snapping together the pieces and building new shapes.
Piper slid down from the chair. No one would want her. They all wanted the little girl that was gone, not her.
Steve pressed nose and forehead to Tony. Along with the heavy static pressure, Steve could feel an undercurrent … loneliness? …through the mate bond. He hadn’t noticed it before. "I'll meet you at the hospital."
Bloom saw the instant shift that took place in the girl’s expression. Gone was the innocence that she’d just previously displayed to her parent. It was a cold analyzing look that gave little away. Piper climbed up the rock wall then hopped onto the monkey bars, sitting perched there.
Steve hugged himself. Did his mate love the suit more than him? How could he compete against such an integral part of Tony? He couldn't ask Tony to give it up. That would be like Tony asking him to give up the shield. They each knew that they still needed that part of themselves. Steve didn't want to compete against it for his alpha's affection.
"We'll be in time for the changing of the guard," said Tony. Steve took his hand, leading them to the tomb of the unknown soldier. The omega's posture changed as the ceremony began. He straightened, a form crafted from a military career. Steve saluted at the proper times.
“I need –” Tony’s voice, though calm now, was filled with months-long strain of having to be the strong one.
Steve woke up to a warm comfortable weight pressed closely to his chest. Smiling at the sight of Tony asleep on his chest. He gently jostled Tony awake.
Her vision cleared after a few blinks. Daddy and Papa were staring at her. They looked happy but really tired. Their eyes were watery.
“Come here.” Steve slowly inched closer. Tony caught him, hugging his mate tightly. The tension melted from him. “I’ve got you. I always will.”
He gave no response. Piper doubted he would tell her if he was hurting - the feral alpha couldn't show any sign of weakness. Theodore brought the tray over, testing the food before he allowed her to eat. A glint of metal against his neck caught her eye.
Steve left the kitchen, moving to the couch. Tony sighed and started cleaning up breakfast. When he went clear's Steve's plate, he found it was split in two. The fork standing straight. Steve had stabbed it into the granite counter. He wasn't going even attempt to pry that out. Tony brought over a bowl of sliced fruit to Steve as a piece offering.
Maria found herself agreeing despite the fact that the usual procedure demanded thorough questioning of all witnesses.
Steve was panting harshly. He trembled with need and was dripping with slick. He couldn’t wait any longer; he needed his alpha now! With ease, he flipped their position, straddling Tony’s hips. He gasped as Tony’s throbbing arousal, pushed into him. They moaned in unison. Steve bit his lip, stopping himself from screaming in ecstasy. Tony firmly grasped his hips, bring down further. Steve rode his alpha, losing himself over to lust.
“Have you figured out what you wanted to do?” asked Tony. Steve was quiet. “Then what’s there to talk about?”
As soon as Pepper entered the penthouse, she was struck by the smell of pregnant stressed omega. She forced back a cringe. Pregnancy sweetened Steve’s sent, but it was overwhelmed by stress.
There was only one slice on his back. She saw glimmering pieces of glass stuck in the wound. Piper swallowed nervously.
Piper woke up to Papa’s arm coiled protectively around her. She pushed out of his arms and found her way to Rune's room. Pushing the door open she got into bed with him. Light sleeper that he was, the slight motion caused him to awake.
“Thanks, Steve you have no idea how much this means to me. I’ll make sure to pay you back,” said Clint.
Steve would miss the view. More than anything, he'd miss Tony. It had to be the hormones. Steve followed the garage.
He reached for him, needing to know if this was real. Relieved at the warmth of Alpha's skin under his palm.
“I’ve got this,” he said. He took an arrow from his quiver, notching it in his bow. The arrow drilled through the eye of one of the bears, killing it.
“It isn’t but it’s preferable over his previous state. I’m only to call emergency services if they are truly needed. He’s only dehydrated but I’m sure you’ll take care of that. There are IV bags in the lab,” said Jarvis.
Steve followed his usual morning routine, cradling his six-month-old daughter in one arm. After her morning feeding, Piper happily crawled around on the blanket. Steve sighed, setting down his coffee mug, and started flipping through the channels.
She got up only managing a few steps, before becoming dizzy and collapsing. Piper whined, unable to get up. Her tummy turned uncomfortably and the room spun. She threw up. Theodore kneeled next running his hand down her back. She whimpered.
The child was learning proper respect. Soon, she’d know the true extent of Edith’s power. First, though, Edith needed to break the pup down further; not destroy her completely, only loosen a few screws. That nuance would take a few days.
From behind her back, she tugged a snuggly stuffed bunny. It had long floppy ears and big feet. Lena pushed it through the wall slot.
Steve whimpered, begging him to come closer. He slowly strode toward the bed. Tony carefully ran his fingers over Steve’s stomach before his hand traveled lower to Steve’s leaking arousal. He breached him with his fingers and was welcomed by tight wet heat. They kissed stifled their moans.
“I can only hope,” said Tony. He glanced at the bar. Part of him was tempted to make himself a drink, but he couldn’t. That wasn’t the answer.
She pushed against him, trying to throw off his balance. He swung his arms around her, pinning her arm with his. She bared his teeth at him.
Natasha closed the trunk and spared one more wave at the solider, before speeding off in her car. She glanced at the rearview mirror, Helmut’s figure growing ever smaller. Natasha hoped he and his son made it through this.
“He has an army called the Chituari. They are not of Asgard or of any world known. He means to lead them against your people. They will win him the Earth. In return I expect for the Tesseract,” said Thor.
In the earliest hours of the morning, Steve was forced awake by a powerful wave of nausea. He desperately swallowed what threatened to come up. Steve reached the hall bathroom just in time. His stomach emptied. He slowly raised his head from the toilet. The realization hit him. His hand went to his stomach. He can’t be! Steve turned on the shower and got in before the smell of his distress could reach further. He sunk to the shower floor.
Maybe it would be, but she wouldn’t give up on the chance that it wouldn’t be. She knew how much the odds were against her. Piper was led to the training room where Winter was waiting.
“What do you want?” he asked. Rhodes tossed a newspaper at him. There was a front of him flying through the skies as Ironman. It was titled:
"Everything has the possibility to explode. I like it when things go boom. Maybe I should make things that explode.”
“He isn’t Tony, but this is something he’ll have to adjust to. You won’t always be there when you need him,” she said. God knows she learned that hard way. She took a breath. “Sorry, Tony you know how I get during this time."
"And lost five. While Joe Louis only lost three of his sixty-nine fights. He had fifty-two knockouts and held the heavyweight title from 1937 to 1949. Louis still holds that record. I listened to his big fight on the radio.”
Steve blushed when a perfect thought came to mind. That would be perfect. He fanned the blush from his face. And Tony wouldn't be the only one to enjoy it.
“You lie and kill in the service of liars and killers. You pretend to be so separate, to have your own code, something that makes up for the horrors. But they are part of you. And they will never go away. I won’t touch Barton, not until I make him kill you,” he said slamming his fists against the glass. She backed away further. “Slowly, intimately in every, he knows you fear. And then he’ll wake up just long enough to see his good work and when he screams, I’ll split his skull. This is my bargain to you mewling quim."
Lena studied her new data. Comparing the two was fascinating. Piper was capable of greater control, speed, and flexibility than Rune. While Rune was stronger, more durable, and had a faster healing factor. The differences were minuscule. The statistics would change as they developed. Rune had the biological benefit of being an alpha, which naturally granted him greater strength. Also there was that alien DNA spliced into him.
Piper returned to her seat. Lena dropped a large textbook on her desk and they began their true lesson.
“Supplies I asked Coulson to pick up. It’s been a long day. I’m going to get some sleep. You should, too,” said Steve.
“No, a confidentiality clause is built into his contract. I’m not breaking it,” said Tony. He did not need Fury on his ass.
Winter watched the pup sleep, envying how peaceful it was. The closest thing he came to restful sleep is when they froze him. It was the closest he’d ever come to peace.
Winter woke up, unable to move. His arms were pinned behind his back, numb from being in that position for so long. He blinked the blurriness from his vision, snarling when he realized he was in the same location. Winter had failed in his rebellion. All it left him with was a splitting headache and a swollen face.
“You will continue on this mission. There’s still a great deal of good that can be learned from Captain Rogers’ pregnancy,” said Fury.
“Seems fine to me. I was the same way at her age. Any kid my age seemed like an unintelligible idiot. And I turned out fine,” said Tony.
For the rest of their time together, they went over basic strikes of his combat styles, Winter showing her through example. He wouldn't push her further physically today. She needed time to adjust to this kind of training.
Steve started preparing her lunch, also making him and Tony something. From the fridge, he took a bottle of PediaSure. It wasn’t that Piper was too small, but as a super soldier she needed the nutrition and calories it offered. He made sure she drank it at least twice a day. Tony scooped Piper into his arms when he came up from the lab, taking her table.
He took a few seconds to look at the glorious scene before him. His pregnant omega spread out on their bed. It took his breath away, Tony slowly removed the last pieces of his clothes. That crystal blue gaze locked on him. The omega’s hands were twitching wantingly. His mate desperately ached to touch himself. The omega wouldn’t dare touch himself without his guidance. His belly so round. It was perfect.
"I can't, Steve. I have to know what's wrong with you. Waiting until ready isn't something I could do anymore. We have a daughter. Our problems affect her."
She waved her little hand. The bots mimicked the motion. She giggled. Tony smiled and placed Piper in her playpen. Dum-E and U moved to watch her. He played with her for a few minutes. Piper nearly yanked him into the playpen when he tried taking his hand away.
He shook his head, trying to refocus on his attention on breakfast. When done cooking he placed the plates in the dishwasher. It made cleaning up so much easier. Steve filled his plate and was about to relax when Tony’s phone rang.
“What model is it?” Steve waved at the unfolded paper after they had cleared the whole nesting couch.
Steve leaned into him. Tony ran his finger through his golden-brown hair and Steve cuddled against his neck, purring.
Steve sat next to him, handing him the mug. Tony breathed in rich smell, already feeling more awake.
By the sheer amount of panic in Tony’s voice, he must really care for the man. Part of him wanted to drive over to Stark Tower to see what the hell was going on, but if what Tony said was true having an unfamiliar alpha there would further panic the omega.
"When you were having a panic attack about my eyes, and it was too much for you to look into them and see Piper looking back."
While his mate slept he worked on designs for future projects. He nearly broke out laughing when Steve let one rip. Tony failed to hold back his laughter, waking up his mate.
George was surprised by the sudden interaction but ignored her and continued to doodle. He was unaware of Rune observing them from the playground. The young alpha seemed to be waiting for a signal to act if needed. Odd generally, in abuse cases, the alpha child makes the first moves, and the omega pup follows. But the dynamics seemed to have switched.
"Sir, this is Colonel Rhodes. They are using the Iron Patriot as a Trojan Horse. They are going to take out the president somehow. We have to immediately alert that plane.”
He kneeled down to peer under crawl space between the deck and cabin. When Piper saw him, the blue light coursing through her intensified. She growled at him to back away. He had to calm her down. Steve started singing the lullaby he’d sung to her since she was a baby.
Rhodes waited for Tony in the kitchen. He was surprised when moments later, Tony came out again. He always gave Tony thirty minutes before any of their plans, knowing he would go through at least three different outfits before finally settling on one.
“I don’t know, Tony.” There were advantages to getting it removed. It couldn't be healthy for shrapnel to be rattling around Tony's chest. The risk was of him losing Tony was too high for his liking. “I thought it couldn’t be removed."
“You shouldn’t judge him you don’t know him. All you know is the press that surrounds him,” he said.
Winter went on edge, glancing at the pup. She was growling, openly challenging him. He bared his teeth, snarling deeply, but she still didn’t yield. Instead, she copied him, baring her own small-but-sharp canines at him. A blue glow simmered dully from her eyes.
Steve cuddled his pup. Her gentle scent soothing his nerves. "I'm so sorry, Piper. I didn't mean to scare you."
Natasha dropped her bag on the floor, taking a speaker out and her phone. Then shed her clothes, revealing the leotard and tights she wore underneath. She took a pair of pink point shoes from her bags. Smiling softly as she tied the pink ribbons.
It was almost the end of August. Tomorrow marked four months for Steve. There was no denying his pregnancy now. The reveal went well. They'd started with being seen a baby stores and eventually they came out announced the news that they were having a baby girl. Baby gifts had been arriving since the announcement. They donated most of the clothes and supplies with a few exceptions. Steve kept the three beautiful outfits the queen of England sent them.
Rumlow watched as Winter was loaded into the CT machine. The doctor watched the monitor waiting for an image.
"Senile, his brain has gone to mush. In many regards, Igor thought his son a failure. He left everything to his granddaughter, Lena Toth Zemo.”
Jeff was terrified of the girl and Winter. Shit, she was the daughter of Captain America and Ironman.
“I’m aware and I’m doing all I can to find him. At the moment there’s nothing else I can do,” said Natasha.
The windows darkened. He coiled around the large soldier. Steve pressed closer. His skin was too warm. He breathed in Steve's honey vanilla scent.
Winter was hurting because of her. Because he was trying to protect her. Protecting her went against the commands. “It’s okay, Winter. You don’t have to protect me.”
Natasha and Clint wheeled Steve into the S.H.I.E.L.D. hospital. Nurses buzzed around them pushing them back, before wheeling Steve away. Natasha tried following after, only to be blocked by a pair of brave nurses.
Knowing the little girl, she'd probably get more fun out of convincing all of them to join her in the playground. Nat wandered almost invisibly through the crowd.
“STOP IT!” Lighting shot from his hand, combusting several punching bags behind her. He used her surprise to tackle her.
Winter glared at the deformed corpse. His clothes were drenched in blood. The sticky red substance glued to his skin. His knuckles were beaten. He’d never taken such joy in a kill. Winter rolled his shoulders. There was work to do. First the camera the computer it fed to was in the closet. Winter scowled at the device. He wished it was as simple as destroying the device. From his pocket, he took a flash drive inserting it into the computer. They hadn’t bothered teaching him tech, instead of giving him the tools that would do it for him.
Again he was answered by another nod. He slowly ran his fingers through Steve’s hair, never wandering any lower. Steve shivered but started unwinding. The omega’s arms were wrapped firmly around his waist with his head resting on Tony’s lap. Tony got as comfortable as he could. Steve wouldn’t be letting him go any time soon. A screen pulled up in front of him. He worked with his free hand, while his other went through Steve’s hair. Tony searched for reliable information on PTSD. He wanted to be prepared for the next time this happened. Around one in the morning, Steve began to purr. Tony sighed in relief.
"Maybe," he sighed. Steve expected a clever come back. The offer was tempting, but he had to report to S.H.I.E.L.D. He hated the confinement of it. There were things he wanted to do free of S.H.I.E.L.D.'s watch. Visiting Peggy for one. He owed her that. The sooner he got it done, the better.
“Why are you doing this?” asked Piper, exasperated. Lena didn’t do anything without a reason, but she couldn’t figure it out.
Tony’s alpha begged him to comfort. He suppressed the urge to tell Steve that this was his home, but it was far too soon. In time maybe he could convince the omega to move in with him. It would put Steve’s tolerance for him to the test. Tony wasn’t comfortable with that idea yet. Cap was a big softy. Tony normally found the trait annoying, but he loved this side of the omega who wanted him but didn’t need him. He raised Steve’s chin, kissing him. Steve purred into their kiss.
There was a burst of fire behind that used to be Loki’s chariot. He went toppling down to the tower. Natasha jumped from her ride landing on the gravel roof below. Hulk joined her, sending both himself and Loki into the penthouse. She went to the machine.
There was a clank Steve placed a large gun on the table. “Phase two is S.H.I.E.L.D. using the cube to make weapons! Sorry, the computer was moving a little slow for me,” he said.
He paid for the toy and shoved it into his bag. In the garage, a motorcycle was waiting. The attached saddlebags were packed with everything he needed to complete his assignment. It was only nine miles to the target’s location. He put on his helmet.
The remaining one came charging, rearing up. Steve locked his arms around the bear’s waist, keeping it still. Its claws scraped harmlessly against his shield.
“The last one was too easy so Tony got her this one,” said Steve. He put down his coffee. “Have you made any progress?”
"Piper, I'm not going to force to stay in my presence when you clearly so detest it. Before cutting this short, I'll ask you to me one favor.”
It seemed like a breach of the public’s privacy, but under this circumstance it was reasonable. Even with all that would it be enough? He wasn’t sure how much time this would use up. Steve watched as Natasha peer at an image of Clint on the screen. Her expression yielded none of her worries.
“His six centimeters dilated.” Edith moved away, taking off her rubber gloves. "I'll have to check again in an hour."
"Tony, you must let finish," he said, pushing back the alpha. Steve quickly finished cleaning the wounds. “Better?”
Steve cut the line. It went better than he thought. Steve changed. He packed a small bag not knowing what conditions he would encounter. Steve took his shield from its place by the bed. He returned to the living room. Nat was flipping through the channels.
Winter lay panting on the ground. Piper gently touched his arm, afraid to hurt him further. Lena was right, she had no one to blame but herself.
He tried not hurrying away from the alpha, but his stride only slowed when he reached the S.H.I.E.L.D. post office.  He picked up stamps and a box. Steve shoved it in his gym bag as Natasha came into the hall.
“She has to.” There was no way she couldn’t know how much they missed her. How much they loved her. Tony had been sure not to withhold his emotions as Howard had done. He told Piper every day that he loved her.
Matt retired to his room. Steve took the blankets and pillows from the couch. He stared up at the ceiling. Thinking of Tony made his chest ache and tears well in his eyes. No, he didn’t want to cry anymore, but he couldn’t stop them from falling. What was wrong with him? Steve spent most of his night thinking.
They readied their targets. Steve took aim and fired. Stopping when the ten-round magazine emptied. Their targets came forward. His shots focused at center mass, while Natasha preferred the headshots.
Steve put the bowl in the dishwasher. He was still hungry. The amount he had to increase his calorie intake was incredible. From the playpen, he heard Piper playing with one of her toys. She was working on the most recent puzzle toy Tony got her. It would keep her busy for a while. He scrambled some eggs and cooked up some bacon. When everything plated he check on Piper. She didn't even notice him she was so absorbed with her toy. He hoped for an uneventful day.
"I think so," Steve replied. At least that was one thing he was fairly certain of. "Too many similarities for it to be a coincidence. Do you know if there were other victims beside this one?" he asked, hoping the answer would be "no".
Tony was here. Tony was okay. Except that "here" wasn't real, and Tony was currently a collection of code running in some machine. But that was temporary, Steve reminded himself. This was just an interlude; a necessary evil. Things would be better soon.
"Well, think of it this way: if there's one person who's got the skills and the means to confirm what’s in SHIELD's actual, secure files, it's going to be Tony Stark," Fury said.
He only left the room when there was someone else present that he could trust to keep Tony safe. Luckily, most of of the time he wasn't alone: Pepper, Rhodey and Happy spent a lot of time in Tony's room as well.
"Which one?" Tony returned. "There have been a bunch. All of the high-profile ones had their asses handed to them. We've cooperated with some groups over the past few years, mostly by providing tech, but so far none have been more than a minor inconvenience to Hydra."
"That bad, eh? Can't you just tell me?" Tony asked, intrigued. If it was something really bad, involving death and destruction and the like, Rhodey would've told him right away instead of being all coy about it. Tony had no clue what this might be about.
As far as Steve knew, they didn't have Tony's DNA lying around, and this definitely wasn't a matter of life and death. He would just have to take Tony's word for it.
“I’m sorry, but the quarantine protocols are for your safety as well as everyone else’s,” Bruce told Tony and Steve from the other side of the glass, hands held up defensively. “Whatever that substance was, we need to keep you both isolated and under observation until we know if it has any infectious properties.”
It's an android. It's never really been alive. But it's also not the machine-equivalent of dead; its thirium pump is still running, its blue blood circulating through the tubing analogous to veins and arteries.
Tony slumps to his knees, hanging his head. "Fuck this. Fuck all of this. Especially you, Steve Rogers," he mutters once again.
He tried to heed her words, he really did. He tried to focus on the idea of making that one last escape attempt so that he could at least say he went down fighting.
"Well, I'm fine now, I promise. I'm sorry I scared you," Steve said, caressing Tony's side soothingly. He could see how what'd happened had been disconcerting from Tony's point of view, but he wasn't too worried, himself. It wasn't the first time he'd run into unexpected side-effects when having sex in a frame not primarily designed for it. The added risk and uncertainty was a part of what made this so exciting—this was just a more extreme example than most.
"Eh, you know how it is. Lots of early prototypes end up forgotten in the junk pile. I haven't memorized all the serial numbers of every android we've ever built," Kamski says dismissively. It seems slightly evasive to Tony, like he knows something and doesn't want to reveal it, but that might just be wishful thinking. "We do have records of them all, so I should be able to look it up, though it might require some digging."
The ground grew closer; close enough that he could see it looming beneath the fog and spot some neon signs far below. He supposed most other people would've felt nervous before doing what he was about to. He didn't. He actually felt excited for the first time since he'd woken up in the future.
Tony gave him a sharp smile that didn't reach his eyes. "Well, you can always choose to go back and stay in storage for another fifteen years. Try your luck with whatever SHIELD chooses to do with you afterwards. I'd say I'm the safer bet here. You do this for me, and you'll be free to go on with your life once the situation's sorted."
The presumptuous slogan didn't help with Steve's growing urge to punch Randall in the face. He stepped closer, glaring at him over the bed. "And who's responsible for this?"
"I think you should. It felt amazing." Steve brought his hand to Tony's cheek, and bent closer to give him a quick kiss on the lips. "One of the best I've ever had."
Tony glared at him. "You think I'm too pampered to handle one night on the floor, Rogers? I'll have you know, I've slept on all kinds of hard surfaces plenty of times. Sure, most of those involved booze, but still. Nothing new." He walked over to the bed, grabbed a pillow and a blanket, and dropped them on the rug. "There, I'm all set."
Even though Steve had known, in theory, that crossing the Plains would take at least a week, he hadn't appreciated just how long it would feel when the landscape stayed so similar all the way through. He'd done a lot of hiking in the past few months, practically traversing the entire island, but none had been as monotonous as this. Steering clear of the shore meant that instead of a single glimpse of the ocean, all they saw day after day was an endless sea of grass.
Steve was having trouble keeping up with his opponents, and he was in a brand new military frame. Sooner or later, this particular model would end up on the black market, too—everything always did—but this was way too soon. It hinted that someone had been dealing under the table.
Steve hadn't known Tony at all before he'd started working on this investigation, so he wasn't really fit to judge whether Tony was himself. He was certainly charming, just as he was supposed to be. None of his friends had questioned his identity, even if Pepper had thought he'd been behaving oddly. She'd suspected mind control, but she hadn't suggested someone else might've actually taken Tony's place.
is probably the best thing that's ever happened to me," Tony returns. He knows that Kamski's used to discussing his androids like they're just items to be sold, because that's exactly what they are to him, but that doesn't make it less jarring. "I guess I should thank you for bringing the two of us together."
"On higher ground, maybe," Tapio says thoughtfully. "I will see what I can do." He starts reeling in his fishing line.
Not long after, the chills struck him, as if someone had turned the air conditioning to the max all of a sudden.
Steve didn't look away, either, but got rid of the tangle of pants and boots at his ankles as he watched Tony undress. People said that confidence was a big part of what made people look attractive, and that rang true where Tony was concerned. He looked great, and he knew it, making full use of it as he slowly peeled off his shirt and jeans, casting sultry glances at Steve. Where Steve's frame resembled a natural body in its mid-thirties, Tony looked perhaps a few years younger than his actual age of twenty-five. Of course, people as rich as him could choose to look whichever age they wanted to, sticking to clones grown to their favored vintage, but Steve thought there was still a difference. That spark of excitement in Tony's eyes wouldn't have been the same if he'd actually been a hundred years old.
Steve opened the metal cover protecting the sunstone. Underneath, the stone was a dull dark green, almost black. Steve had never seen it like that. It was terrifying, just like the awful stillness of Tony's chest.
Tony glanced at the tablet, but didn’t take it, just gave Steve a coy look through his lashes. “I’m no biologist, but I’d think that even with those, you’d need to have some desire there to start with. You know, some inhibitions to be lowered.”
Next to Steve, Tony and Pepper were also slowly getting to their feet, looking shaken, with pieces of debris in their hair and on their clothes.
"You sound like him," Tony says, his voice breaking. He raises Steve's limp fingers to rest them against his cheek.
As Steve might've guessed, it was Tony. He was sitting at a desk, chin resting against one hand, the other turning around a complicated holographic diagram in the air in front of him. At the sound of Steve's approach, he swiveled around in his chair to face him. "Steve. Trouble sleeping?"
Peggy gave him a tight-lipped smile that didn't reach her eyes. "I'm glad to hear that. Still, I can't help but feel I've not done enough. I've been trying to get to the bottom of this, to understand what their goal is—whoever they are—so I could anticipate their next steps, but so far, I only have scattered pieces. I don't know what the puzzle looks like."
"Well, you were right about that," Tony said, his voice bitter. "I'm not safe to be around. Not safe at all."
Steve felt a slight pang of guilt—no doubt, Tony was referring to Cap. If only he knew those two were one and the same. He took a gulp of beer, just to have a moment to push back that guilt and go for a flirty look that wasn't quite genuine. "Should I worry about having competition?"
Tony's eyes had been closed, but they flickered open now. The blue of them was like a placid pool in the middle of a scorching desert. "You know, I don't think I've been with anyone quite like you, either. There's something about you. You make things feel so meaningful, somehow. That's not to say—you know, I don't expect anything. I know this is just a fling. It just feels like it's more than that."
Nineteen days. That was how long Tony had been missing when the rescue party finally set out; Steve had counted them, his worry growing with each one that passed. Even though words like "torture" seemed unimaginable when surrounded by the thoroughly peaceful people of Dinotopia, everyone kept mentioning how ruthless the Northerners were. Who knew what they were capable of.
Apparently, curiosity finally won, since Bucky spoke up again, asking, "So how did he do it, then? The way this place looks, he must've been really powerful."
Pepper sat down by his side—the sofa was wide enough to fit them both comfortably—and placed a hand on his arm. "Believe me, I know it can be a big surprise and a shock at first. I really didn't expect to match with Happy. Honestly, I thought it'd be someone I don't know at all. Not that I knew him well. I'd mostly just seen glimpses of him, and never spent enough time with him to suspect anything. It wasn't some storybook love-at-first sight scenario. It took time for me to get used to the idea. Now that I am, though, it's like he's always been by my side, and I can't imagine my life without him." She sounded all compassionate and not the least bit condescending, and Tony felt guilty that it still grated on his nerves when he knew she was genuinely just trying to help.
And just like that, the fire had been rekindled in Tony's chest, the hope flaring white-hot again in spite of all his self-reproach mere moments ago. "If it did," he said very slowly, very carefully, so terribly afraid to get this wrong. "If it did, then I would like to know. Because it may have meant something to me, as well."
The dinosaur seemed to hesitate, and instead of another roar, it growled out a string of barking sounds somewhat similar to what Stark had made.
Tony smiled at him, at first, wide and brilliant, but then seemed to notice the look on Steve's face. "Steve? Something wrong?"
The only good thing was, they had no time to stop and waffle on about feelings. Thor, another godlike Asgardian, showed up and tried to grab Loki, offering Tony the perfect target for some of the frustration and despair he'd managed to build up during the brief period of time he'd spent with Steve. Since he was fighting a superpowered alien, he didn't even need to hold back. It was pretty great.
Stane scoffed. "Assuming I had any idea who you're talking about, why on Earth would I go for that?"
After the days he'd spent listening to Ultron's scornful voice, the perfectly neutral tone of the cab AI was soothing. "Good day. Where would you like to go?"
He realized that he finally, actually felt ready to do this, to face whatever would follow, because there was nothing else left.
Iron Man shifted his hands, letting them slide over to Steve's front, running them down his chest and up again, his thumbs brushing against Steve's nipples.
He was having coffee the next morning, wondering what he was going to do with his day, when the local AI announced that he had a message from Tony Stark. Tony wanted to meet, in person, at the Better You: Cloning, Constructs and Enhancements clinic, at eleven o'clock the very same day.
He didn't like any of it. It was too extravagant, and much too roomy for one person. He couldn't imagine ever considering a place like this his home, but for now he was stuck living in it. At least it meant he had all the peace and quiet he could wish for, and no need to leave for groceries or necessities.
"Hi again," Steve replied, doing his best to convince himself that being here wasn't just a self-indulgent waste of time.
Steve was wary of going anywhere with the police, because that wasn't many steps removed from being put back on ice, but he had to admit he was curious. Besides, Natasha was promising answers, which he sorely wanted, and more than that, she'd said he'd get to decide on the next steps himself.
It had to be past nine in the morning already. Usually, Steve would be up by this time, with a plan in mind for the rest of the day. Today was different. This encounter with Tony had left him unsure of what his next steps should be. Should he try to bring Tony in, and stop him from going to that meeting? By the sound of things, Tony didn't know everything, either. Only Maya did. If Steve prevented their meeting, he might never learn the full story.
"The same person," Natalie, or Natasha, replied, walking slowly towards Steve. Next to them, Barton landed his bike and stepped off it, arms crossed, looking casual and unthreatening, blaster back in its holster.
He probably goes through every stage of grief on his way back to the hut, aside from acceptance. He's not ready to accept this. He's not sure how he ever will be. After everything the Avengers have been through, this is such a stupid, utterly pointless loss.
The voice of Tony's current AI assistant replied in his stead: "He injected himself with an experimental gene therapy to edit his genome so that it no longer matches yours."
Steve had twisted his leg badly when they'd been running away from the falling rocks. The painkillers he'd taken had driven away the worst of the pain, but he was left with a constant dull ache in his knee. Tony had taken a look and concluded that it was probably a bad sprain, though he had no way to entirely exclude fractured bones. Whichever the case, the result was the same: Steve's leg wouldn't hold his weight. Not that they had anywhere to go, even if it did.
That night at the Bartons' had been a revelation. The way Steve had acted all confused about Tony and their non-relationship, he might've as well spelled out in big fiery letters that he had no idea they were a match. Had he been feeling even half of all this stuff Tony was struggling with, he must've at least suspected something, so really, this could only mean that they actually weren't a proper match, and it was, somehow, one-sided.
Steve didn't believe in the urban legends about people dissociating from their real bodies after too many swaps into fakes, losing something of their humanity in the process so that they never felt at home in their original flesh and blood again. He was an Agent of the System-wide Hazard Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division, and swapping frames was a part of the job. He was good at it, too; he might feel slightly uncoordinated now, but tomorrow, he'd work this one as if he'd always had it. That, and his tactical thinking skills, had helped him climb the ranks record-fast, making him the leader of an elite team before he'd even turned thirty. Still, somewhere at the back of his mind was the feeling that he could never completely shake, that this was unnatural. He imagined that was how most people felt all the time.
One day, he woke up and opened his eyes, and there was a woman in the room who wasn't one of the nurses he had grown used to. This woman was older, with silver-gray stripes in her light brown hair, which was gathered in a tight bun. "Hello," she greeted him, in a voice warmer than her severe looks might've suggested. Like most other people who'd talked to Bucky, her English was accented, but clearly pronounced and easy to understand. "How do you feel?"
He tried to say "no," to explain to her that he couldn't, that she didn't understand that if he fell asleep it'd be the last thing he ever did, but all that came out was a groan.
Steve was slowly getting used to Tony's final pick for his permanent frame, just as he was getting reacquainted with his own changed physique, the lighter build and the lack of enhancements.
Steve leaned over Tony, knees between Tony's legs, elbows by his sides, and started pressing kisses all over Tony's bare upper body, following a trail down his neck and chest, over his abdomen, ending up at his waistline. Tony chuckled breathlessly, and the way his muscles danced under Steve's lips was tantalizing. The only thing that was even more exciting was the obvious swell of his cock, very close to where Steve's face ended up.
Like last night, Steve was in bed, naked, and Tony sat on the mattress next to him, fully clothed in one of his suits, a hand possessively on Steve's chest. It felt all too real.
Steve licks his lips—a very human-looking gesture, as is the way his eyes stay half-lidded before he seems to shake off the daze, focusing on Tony again. "Bright and warm," he concludes. For the first time during the entire conversation, his LED settles on a relaxed blue.
As quietly as he can, Sam places his offerings on top of the empty cart close to the door and retreats from the room. He feels a little guilty for overhearing a moment that was definitely not meant for his ears, but it's nothing compared to his joy at the warmth and love he witnessed.
Steve finds a relatively soft bed of grass to curl up on—doing what he can to conserve body heat, since it isn't at all warm out here—and settles down for the rest of the night.
One of the advantages of a new, temporary frame was that most people wouldn't recognize Steve while he was in it. Dressed in standard-issue clothes as he was, he could've been any low-level grunt. He walked past a number of colleagues who didn't look at him twice, let alone greet him. Plenty of people did greet Tony, and he smiled back at all of them. It was a practiced, joyless look that almost made him seem as if he was in a fake frame, too.
"Slightly. Wouldn't stop me, though." Steve crosses the few steps to the door and turns around to face Tony once more. "See you in a month, Tony." He gives Tony a wave and a smile—warmer than the previous one, and damn, but he does look gorgeous, beard or not—before exiting the room.
"I'm afraid she's currently busy, Mr. Stark," a feminine voice that wasn't Miss Potts replied over the intercom. "Anything I can help you with?"
"I don't mind. I really don't," Tony said, his fingers playing with the stubbly hair at the nape of Steve's neck. "That's the reassurance I needed. That you'll be careful."
"Wait!" Maya shouted, squirming in their hold. "He's telling you the truth. There's no artifact! There never was!"
Steve will go back into hiding, and things will go back to normal. Everything that happened in the wilderness will be just a bad memory. The conversations they've had here will be better ones, but just memories, nonetheless. For all that they've agreed to try and fix things between the two of them, Tony's not sure how anything will actually change.
What surfaced was admiration and yearning, and warmth unlike Tony could ever have imagined. It was different from the furtive glimpses into Steve's mind that he'd had before, as if he'd always been eavesdropping and now they were finally in the same room, face to face, and he could hear everything the way it was meant to be. Steve's feelings weren't exactly the same as Tony's, a different color, a different timbre, but there was no mistaking what this was: Steve didn't hate him. More like the opposite.
"Take a guess," Tony said, and turned his back towards Steve, his chin down, so that the back of his neck was fully visible. It was covered in old scarring. "I can't."
The man by the wall was very different from the one Steve had worked for since he'd woken up in the future, but there was no mistaking the frame. It was Tony Stark's. While the two other clones of Tony's that Steve had met, in the past and the present, had been dark-haired, this one's hair was longer and white all over, as were his beard and moustache. His face was thin and lined with the wear of many decades—it was difficult to estimate his exact age, but he definitely looked older than Rhodey. Maybe even over seventy. He wasn't wearing a suit like his counterpart in the Tower, but jeans and layered t-shirts, the top one with the logo of some band faded beyond recognition.
Tony guided Steve towards the middle of the floor with one hand on his shoulder, bringing them close to the armchairs and the fireplace. He then went to work detaching Steve's belt, to which Steve had no objections at all. Steve slid it out of the loops himself, and raised his arms so Tony could wrestle the top half of the costume over his head. Tony folded it over one arm of an armchair with a surprising amount of care, almost reverently. Steve wasn't sure if it was out of respect for Steve's feelings about that costume, or because Tony was still in awe of Captain America. Perhaps both.
He lets his hands fall on his lap and sits up straight again, forcing himself to look Steve in the eye. "No. It's not okay." He takes a deep breath. "I killed your predecessor."
"I guess you should," he says, as casually as he can, and turns to retreat to the living room, Steve in tow.
He's as good as asking Steve to stay. Never in a million years would Steve have expected that. Even if Steve knows he can't stay forever, or he'll risk being confronted by the authorities, he's certainly not going to reject the request.
Tony didn't try to cover how weary he felt; hopefully, that would work to his advantage. "I'm really not." He looked James in the eye, trying to put all the intensity he could into it. "I need to get outside. It's crucial. I swear I won't try to flee. Honestly, I couldn't run even if I wanted to."
"Not what they made it for," he noted. "This one might take some work. Not the most sensitive frame I've been in."
Tony tensed up as well, ready to leap into action, when Big Guy suddenly grunted and let go of him. When Tony took a glance over his shoulder, he saw that the cuff of the thug's sleeve had somehow caught fire.
Now that she asked, Steve had to stop and mentally go through the list of what he'd been working on before he'd met Tony last night; he'd almost forgotten about all the other leads he'd been following. "A few more things, actually. Do you know a Maya Hansen? She might've had something to do with the expedition."
Tony pulled on his jacked and got out. Although they were not in a hurry today, that was no excuse to tarry. They'd better get started with the day. Whatever had or had not happened between the two of them, last night or this morning, that couldn't interfere with their work. That was the thing that Tony had always worried about the most: that if he allowed himself to become too involved with Steve emotionally, he'd struggle to keep doing missions that put both of them in harm's way.
"Don't worry. I'm sure I'll think of something," Tony says. His cheerful tone sounds fake in his own ears. He doesn't know if Steve will catch that, or how he will interpret it if he does. "Right now, I'm thinking I need a shower. You and your extra sensitive olfactory unit will probably agree."
Steve examined the shoulder anyway, and agreed with Rhodey's own assessment; no broken bones or serious tissue damage, as far as he could tell. He then joined the two others in the task of removing the remaining pieces of armor. No one said much, the despair of their situation hanging heavy in the air.
Steve cast one last glance at his birth frame in the stasis box. If he'd only ever been in that frame, Tony wouldn't have looked at him twice. He kept telling himself that he didn't mind. It wasn't as if this thing between them was anything more than casual fun anyway, and it would never be more than that. He was going to enjoy the ride while it lasted.
It hadn't stopped him from following Tony on several dangerous missions, including the current one: searching for a magical ring that might not even exist in the catacombs deep beneath occupied Paris. Now, the two of them were stuck in a collapsed tunnel, surrounded by darkness full of bones and dust and spiderwebs. Even the earthy smell of the air was foreboding.
Everything would be so much easier if he could recruit James to help him. What he'd seen of the young man made him hopeful about that. James clearly wasn't a bully like Rumlow or many of the other Northerners; he didn't take any joy in ordering Tony around. The impression Tony had gotten was that James was new here and was trying very hard to fit in and do the right thing. Unfortunately, with the completely skewed description of Dinotopia that the Northerners had given him, there was no way James could make an informed decision about right and wrong. And worse yet, since he'd been told over and over not to listen to Tony, he wasn't receptive to Tony's point of view.
Since Steve is technically defective by CyberLife's standards and can't go to an official repair shop, Tony does all his maintenance, whether it's for fun or because he's ended up taking damage in the field. The latter is something that happens far more often than Tony would like, and makes his chest constrict with worry every time, but Steve keeps reminding him that an android body is far easier to fix than a human one. As much as Tony wants to keep Steve safe, he knows that the missions are as important to Steve as they are to him.
"He is? Huh," Tony said, raising his eyebrows. "So much for keeping the whole thing covert, I guess."
"Yeah, I know," Tony said somewhat distractedly, and got up from the table. He motioned towards the door, the distant, cool look on his face exactly the kind that gave Steve the creeps. "Class dismissed, everyone. Go home. If anyone needs a cab, just ask Jarvis."
"It won't be the same without him. Or without you," Steve said, as earnest as only Captain America could be. There was a small smile playing on his lips as he eyed the intricate, vaguely Norse-looking pattern Thor had left on the lawn.
"Stane can't have been awake when the battle took place, and I don't think Ultron would make an independent decision in something like this," Steve said. "He'd try to keep Tony alive until Stane can tell him what to do. Pepper, you know Stane the best. What do you think that'll be?"
"Thank you," Steve said, hoping it sounded more steady than he felt. "Take care of yourself, Mr. Stark."
"No. There's no guidebook for this, because the lesson I learned was about the two of us," Steve insists, keeping his voice as steady as he can. "I don't want to fight you, Tony. Not anymore. I don't know if it's possible to get over everything that's between us, but I want to try."
Really, he'd rather be dealing with terrorists; facing actual bad guys would be a much simpler situation, one where he could just focus on surviving and escaping.
Letting go of Tony's hand, Steve stood up to face Stane again. "Tony Stark is a better man than you could ever be. You're the only pathetic loser in this room, Obadiah Stane," he said, pronouncing the full name loud and clear. "Everything you have, you got using his name, his face, and his skills and knowledge which you exploited over the years when you held him captive."
"Oh" Steve looked worried, "Do you have some sort of medication with you? You shouldn't be having this coffee."
Tony let out a frustrated sound. He was failing at figuring out the device and Steve was further annoying him.
"Yeah, whatever, Cap. You're lucky you have a genius as a bestfriend now. We're going to figure it all out. What?" He looked quizzically at Steve's nervous chuckle.
"Well, if you're serious about making friends, you should come with us to this coffee place Simon really likes. Tomorrow?"
"No, I don't want this," He told himself, "I'm just... alone." He almost sobbed. Pepper had given up on him since the party. And it had been three months now. She'd stopped talking to him. He'd even stood up Natasha and her friends the other day. Rhodes was busy and now Tiberius. He needed to get out of here. Out of this state. He decided to make a call.
"Yes, of course. Might be having a panic attack. But fine other than that." Tony was breathing heavily now.
"Cap is like a short form for Captain. And, well, why not. It's not like we have lots of options here. Damn, let's be friends, Cap" He winked.
"Steve," his mother said, "You're stronger than it. You don't have to listen to it. Come to me." Her voice felt like it was coming from within him.
"Thank you for today. And the ride." Steve smiled at Tony, and Tony felt it was the warmest, most genuine smile the man had given him yet.
And then Tony risked his life to close the portal. For a few minutes, Steve felt as if his world is ending. When Tony fell. He felt that familiar cold, darkness, and sense of being alone surround him. He was a spectre again. Floating all alone in the void that was the twenty first century.
And then one day, he showed up at his parents' place; the great Captain America. One more proof of there being something terribly wrong here. This mad had been dead for years. He found it very annoying to be stuck in this reality with the one person he hated, but there was no time to dwell on these feelings. Besides, there was something familiar and kind about the way Steve had looked at him.
Sam and Clint were half listening to Tony and half trying to process his calm demeanor and oddly coherent speech. Sam sat close to Tony and put a hand on his shoulder, "Stark, we should go."
"I'm glad you're okay," Steve continued, "I wondered where Peggy is now. She'd be married, bt know, probably. Have children. And Howard. Did he get married?"
"You know what," Tony whispered after a moment, "I could get used to this," he shifted against Steve, putting a hand through his shirt to place it on his bare chest.
"You know, about earlier," he looked up at the Captain, Thor had been right, he did look pale, "The things I said, no let me speak," he added hastily as Steve raised a hand to stop him, "I'm sorry. I think I've been stressed, overworked. We've all been, in one way or other." He let out a sigh and rubbed his forehead. Steve was looking at him, those blue eyes caressing his face.
Tony Stark felt as if his whole existence had been set on fire. He didn't know if he could trust the god. Nonetheless, he found himself saying, "What will I have to do?"
He might've felt helpless but he wasn't stupid. He'd kicked Ty out of the house, explaining all the terrible things he'd have no problem doing to him.
Okay, so this is kind of an interval. Because now we can get to the real issue. Can Tony hate Cap and love Steve at the same time?
Steve was startled by his own thoughts. No, he couldn't love Tony. That man loathed him. It was merely some weird sort of attraction, attachment, maybe. Steve felt a tight knot forming in his throat. He slowly stood up, telling them he needed some water and walked out of the room. The tiredness and dejection was so obvious in his voice that even Bruce looked up and stared at their team leader. His eyes settling at Tony who pressed his lips together, having noticed it too. Bruce was no fool. He'd spent enough time with Tony to know what was eating at his heart.
He was cut in middle of his 'speech' by a loud and aggravated voice. It was Stark and he seemed upset about something.
Steve looked around and stood at a corner. He couldn't help but think of the dance he promised Peggy but could never make it to. He smiled at the way Sam tailed Nat and caught Sharon's eye who was talking to Pepper. He didn't know Sharon and Pepper were close. Before he could realize, Miss Potts was already standing in front of him.
"Yes," Tony helped himself to a chair he realized was made by Steve, "Gets a bit lonely here. Thought I'd... "
He still couldn't help crying when his mother hugged him. His father also had tearful eyes and a solemn expression. He couldn't stay with them forever - he had to find out what was going on.
"Just give me..." Tony raised his hand, trying to compose himself, "give me a chance. I'm taking this to my workshop. Need some alone time. I'll figure it out by tomorrow. And if I can't, I'm out. Do whatever you want." Steve looked defeated.
But he was alive, Iron Man. Steve found himself chuckling as the man made a joke about getting kissed. Picturing the moment it might actually happen. Everything felt okay for a while.
"I think I know," Steve swallowed hard, his throat dry and lips chapped, he struggled for his breath, "I think know where the other half of the device is."
Tony is totally not obsessed with Steve and Steve doesn't care about Tony at all. And it's not like Sam has a crush on Black Widow or anything.
He heard a frustrated sigh, "I don't know what it is. I think it has something to do with the skull thing. JARVIS is unable to read it's energy signatures. It really is out of the world. I need to get close. Somebody needs to distract this brat."
That guy had turned and was talking to the young shopkeeper who stood at the counter. Tony took a deep breath and let out a nervous whistle. The girl looked up,
"Sir, Captain Rogers is outside, requesting entrance." JARVIS's voice startled Tony who'd started to dose off.
JARVIS alerted them both out of their sleep. Tony woke up with a start and started mumbling, unsure of what had happened.
Stark reached Miss Potts and started whining, "Why'd you leave me alone with your cousin again? Do you knew she's a S.H.I.E.L.D. intern? Do you want to compromise me by having me date a spy? "
"You can't be expected to remember everything about everyone." Steve blinked those marvelous blue eyes.
After getting rid of him, he's shut himself into the workshop and avoided receiving any calls for the next few days. There was this overwhelming sense of distrust and confusion that was enveloping his heart. He needed time to heal.
"Why? Are your geniuses on earth so useless?" Loki stared into Thor's eyes. He seemed excited and scared at the same time. Nat walked few steps forward but Bruce stopped her. Loki's face seemed devoid of colour for a second. Before the Hulk could come out, Fury walked inside.
At first there was nothing. Just Steve and the vast, grey, emptiness. He heard voices but couldn't recognize them. It was as if he had been ripped away from his world and was thrown into this strangeness of death, or whatever it was. The only thing he could feel was loneliness. He missed someone. People he'd known. He tried to remember names, but couldn't.
"Simon, Simon, Simon, you're delirious." Tony placed a finger on his lips, "Rest for now. I'll get the doctors." Tony strode out of the room, thinking about what Simon had said.
"Oh, sure. Um... this can wait," Steve glanced at his work. They walked slowly, with Howard telling him about the things that had happened after Steve had gone missing. They'd believed he'd died. He also had no idea how they all got here. They reached a beautiful cottage in a few minutes. A kind looking woman, Howard's wife answered the door.
They exchanged panicked looks. There was no arguing with Iron Man when his mind was set on something.
"Fine. If it's okay with Fury." He said, looking around for the director who was nowhere to be seen.
"Sir, Captain Rogers wants to know if you're okay. He promises not to talk about the device." JARVIS said and Tony could swear that bastard was feeling sympathetic towards Steve.
"Easy, Widow! " Sam grabbed Steve's coffee, "Too early in the morning to kill Captain America with your eyes."
"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to... Of course it's not your fault. Not that it's a crime to look like him."
Tony bit his tongue. His eyes bloodshot. He'd just told them what he'd found out from Loki but they could tell from their faces that they thought he'd gone crazy.
"I just," he sobbed, "I thought it'll be motivation enough for you. I thought I could bring my mother back."
"Really? Great. You two boys have fun chatting. I'll be back in a bit." Pepper ran like she was being chased by something. Stark said something under his breath.
"Your Highness!" Fury's sarcasm wasn't new but today it was telling on his bitterness, "Where is your boyfriend?"
"I need to tell you," he found himself speaking, "before I forget everything. I love you. I think I always have, Iron Man! And I think... I think other half of the device, I think it's inside me. Or maybe, it is me."
"Nah, screw it," Tony waved a hand, "Tell me, though, you do realize you're, um... supposed to be dead? We all are, I suppose. Something's not right here."
"Don't think that's a good idea." Bruce shook his hand. But Tony had already pressed the switch. The device buzzed and hummed and started hovering. The ball inside was still black but now the skull had started to open. It snapped open in half, still hovering and the ball inside was uncovered. Slowly, it gave out a high-pitched sound and also opened in half. It was hollow. But as the two sides hovered, facing each other, electric pulses started running one half to the other. A blue triangular shape appeared from the pulses. It was blinking. Appearing one moment and then disappearing.
"What's this?" Tony reached out and took out a small sketchpad from beneath the stack of newspapers.
"I... uh... I know you can barely tolerate me," Steve bit his lip, "I didn't mean to be pushy, I don't know what got into m... " his words were drowned by Tony's mouth colliding with his. The genius placed a deep, demanding kiss on the Captain's mouth and pulled away, both startled. Steve cupped both of Tony's cheeks in his hands and let his lips lock Tony's. Slowly licking his lower lip. Tony's let out a moan and parted his lips, allowing Steve to slide his tongue inside. They deepened the kiss, out of breath. Steve found himself getting pushed on a couch and Tony straddled him. Their mouths devouring each other. Tony wraped his hands around Steve's neck and pulled himself closer, grinding himself against Steve in the process. Steve moaned into his mouth and wrapped his arms around Tony's waist.
Tony was okay with Steve being there. He was the team leader. Captain America and all that. Steve had moved in a month after everyone else. Tony used to spend a considerable amount of time in the tower, bonding with his science bro Bruce. After Steve had moved in, he'd try and find excuses to avoid coming to the tower. No one was fooled. Most people just knew Tony had always resented Captain America, and Natasha and Sam were aware of Tony's crush on Cap because Pepper had been whispering in their ears. Still, they were Avengers and had little time to worry about Iron Man's love life.
Tony raised an eyebrow, "Sorry about that. Wasn't expecting to... um... My dad is a bit too fond of you. Realized he was going to be unbearable that day, having discovered Captain America  all of a sudden." He smiled, apologetically. He realized Steve was looking at him with a dreamy expression.
"Did it get turned off, somehow?" Tony mumbled to himself. Steve was also awake and standing besides him, looking worried.
"Let me get this," he walked towards the door, hesitated for a second and opened it. He let out a sob when he saw who stood at their doorsteps.
Natasha's eyes widened, a look of horror at her face. Bruce felt his knees going weak, he extended an arm to brace himself, holding the table. Thor looked as if his worst fear had come true. Loki's face was oddly unreadable.
"MOVE," Tony's voice was burning with need. Steve didn't need to be told twice. He started fucking Tony, letting his length completely slip inside him before pulling out. Their bodies started moving in a rhythm. Steve let his hand massage Tony's cock, which made the brunnete thrash and moan. Steve's fingers lingered on the pre-cum on Tonya's cock which he wrapped on his fingertips. He licked Tony's pre-cum from his fingers. This sight alone was enough to throw Tony to the edge. He came, his body jerking. Steve wasn't ready for this and ended up emptying himself inside Tony. Their moans filled the room before their bodies went limp and they lay side by side. Steve turned to press his mouth against Tony who could taste himself on Steve's mouth.
Tony rushed towards the device. The orange glow had disappeared and now the round object inside was pitch black.
Captain America had been another ghost hunting Tony's childhood and teens. Howard Stark's eyes would beat a manic kind of glint as he talked about that national hero. He was obsessed. He'd talk about the rebirth, the shield he made for the supersoldier, the serum, and the day the man died in the crash like these were the most significant things to have happened in his life. It wasn't like he didn't love Tony. The boy knew his father loved him in his own way. Being a genius himself, he even appreciated the older man. But sometimes, it was almost like Captain America, that stupid lab experiment of a soldier was some sort of ideal. A model his father had in his mind of what makes a perfect man. Tony wished he'd stopped talking about him and ask about him instead. Literally anything. Like, how was your day, son? Or anything of this sort.
I can promise you a first kiss in the next chapter, and some heartbreak. But for now, bear with these dummies.
It had been 36 hours since Loki's attack. Everything seems to have happened in a haze. Steve remembered being alerted by Sam's call, fighting Loki, almost getting shot by the skull thing... Almost? Steve thought that moment Loki was pointing that skull towards him and then fired at a spot close to Steve. He hadn't hit him, but that moment, there was something about those few seconds that felt odd to Steve. And even after that, up to this moment, he felt as if there was something wrong. Maybe, it was the stress and apprehension. Knowing that Loki could be planning something terrible. Stark's snarkiness. His uncontrollable feelings. That kiss. That marvelous kiss. That constant fatigue and sense of weightlessness. Yeah, he was probably just tired and overwhelmed.
Tony cursed under his breath. Feeling a familiar tightness in his chest. He can't be having a panic attack, not now.
Steve didn't respond to him, his eyes set at Bruce who seemed taken back, "I'm sorry Banner, but that might be our only shot." He said, slowly, his voice dull and hoarse.
"I don't know. But he'll regret it. There's some sort of switch, on the skull, though. I'm studying the skull right now. And if I can figure out a way to contain the round object without the skull, I can try to separate it." Tony pressed his thumb on his temple.
He wanted to be over with it. Full of adrenaline, he walked towards the room. Tiberius was there. Magnificent as always. Confident and composed. Not a crease on his forehead.
"You think you and Widow can stop Hydra? You're not even getting out of here alive. You were used as a distraction."
"Isn't that your job?" Clint said under his breath, causing Tony to give him the foulest look. Apparently, Sam was unable to keep a secret.
Steve has to put up with a very annoying Stark at a party a few days before he's attacked by Hydra. Busy week.
Steve couldn't help but fall his gaze at Tony's dishevelled form. He was in a tank top, unshaven, with those brown eyes exhausted and bloodshot. Trying to avoid his feeling wasn't as much of his forte as was expected from a supersoldier. He almost let out a sigh at the thought that he can't just reach out and run his fingers through the brunette's hair. Or caress those creases away from his forehead. He didn't realize that he'd actually let out a sigh which was noticed by a certain spy.
It made sense. Loki looked calm as ever but the supersoldier's enhanced vision didn't miss the slight nervousness, even worry flickering on Loki's face.
"Don't worry. I'm fine," Steve smiled kindly at him and Tony who happened to have lifted his head to look at Steve at Thor's words noticed how the Asgardian always seemed to bring the 'Steve' in Captain America.
Howard squinted at his son, "Forgive him, Rogers, he's been like this since he's arrived here. Been through some trauma."
"Then you should keep it with real care. In fact, all of them, are great." Tony smiled softly, his dark eyes twinkling.
"Threats." Ty chuckled, "You look so sexy when you do that. Honey, I'm back because I missed you." Suddenly, he was awfully close to Tony and he felt frozen, like he couldn't move an inch. Ty's fingers was in his hair, then moving down to his cheek, caressing a very small, almost undetectable scar.
He fired at a spot just a few inches away from Steve and laughed. He was hovering in front of the tower, smiling brightly with a fearless glint in his eye. Sam flew towards him and fired repeatedly, only to have the god fire back at him which he missed as Steve's shield flew towards him just the moment. Catching the shield again, Steve shouted instructions at everyone.
So, here it is. Sorry about dragging it. Feel free to comment. Next chapter might be a bit more angsty.
"Ah, gladly," Loki smiled, rather sadly to Tony's surprise, "One of it's powers, though rather confusing and unexplainable, is that it creates a version of itself within a living being. This is what it did to Steve. It takes some time. Within it's target, it slowly works to absorb all of their life energy, essence of who they are, their soul, if you please."
Tony helped Steve out of his uniform and marveled in the beauty of the supersoldier's naked form. Slowly lowering himself to kiss just above Steve's nipple, causing the other man to sigh and moan. His mouth explored Steve's pecs as he worked his way down. Undoing his boxers as he got rid of his own clothes, he lowered himself to place hasty kisses on Steve's thighs. The soldier's hands running all over Tony's back.
Steve Rogers also grew up under the shadow of someone who he thought was better than him. But that shadow wasn't a ghost. It was more of a guardian angel. Bucky had always been there, in ways a brother would be. As a sickly kid, he'd get into trouble and get bullied. After his mother, Bucky was pretty much how he'd survived his pre-serum life. He got his courage from that shadow. And then, one day, he was gone. The day he lost Bucky broke him in a way he was sure he'd never heal from. But courage isn't just standing up to our bullies. Sometimes, it takes more courage to stand up to our own fears, and to give chance to life, to allow new people into our hearts even while honoring those we've left behind.
Bucky had been gone for hours. Steve decided to do something productive with his time and started working on some woodwork he'd started taking interest in. The interesting thing about this place, whatever it was, that things, houses and people just seemed to keep appearing. He'd found this empty workshop with logs piled in front of it one day.
Thor left to talk to Loki. Tony busied himself with the skull. The structure was complex and the energy the device held were a kind they'd never observed before.
The Avengers were kind of like a new family to Tony. Though he'd never openly admit it. He invited everyone to come and stay at the tower. Soon, they were all living there. Clint, Natasha, Bruce, and well... even Steve. Steve had been really reluctant at first, but Natasha had her way of convincing people.
Thor pulled a long face. Looking thoughtful. JARVIS's scans hadn't been successful in detecting anything. They decided to go back to the hellicarrier.
"What is wrong..." His heart trembled and head spinned. Steve was standing right in front of him. His face gone white, as if there wasn't a drop of blood inside him. His eyes opened, seemed lifeless, fixed at some distant point. And he wasn't solid - just like the flickering triangle, he was transparent. His form blinking in and out of view. The noise from the device intensified. And then, there it stopped. Steve became solid again, and fell to the ground. His eyes stared up at Tony, but he knew they weren't really looking at him. He lurched down next to the lifeless body of his friend, his lover, his Captain. He sat their motionless for a while, JARVIS going on and on about something, and then he screamed.
Banner told him he was on his way. They had yet to clean up and get dressed so they did that silently. Bruce arrived soon, Thor and Natasha were with him.
It's getting sillier, but I really want to develop their relationship more. Also, Tony's is going to find out who Steve really is soon. But not in this chapter.
"I mean, Steve and I almost died because of it. Mostly Steve," Natasha suddenly spoke and heads turned towards her, Tony's mouth opened a little, he obviously didn't know about it, "So, I think you should answer Stark's question honestly." The spy's eyes were twinkling, her hand rested on the table. Gone were the days she'd walk into hellfire for Fury.
It took Tony a while to register what he'd said. He glanced around at his team, cursing himself internally. He didn't have the heart to look at Steve. He asked Bruce to follow him and walked out.
"Let me cook you something, one of your mom's recipes?" Bucky had his usual charming smile on. Steve laughed, "Yeah, I'm starving."
Steve joined them soon. How had Loki escaped Asgard and why was he attacking them now was beyond their understanding for now. He didn't have his spectre, of course. But, he was holding what looked like a giant skull which definitely wasn't human. At the center of it, some sort of device had been placed, orange beams were being shot from it.
"Move, please," Tony moaned. Steve started moving his finger, softly massaging his tight ring of muscles before entering another finger. Tony bit his lip, almost hurting himself. Steve was moving his fingers inside him, his mouth tasting Tony's abs.
He had been up all night. Had been very frustrated about the recent (lack of) development in the project he was working on. And, he'd rather watch Happy take a shower than visit Pepper's grandma in the hospital. To add insult to injury, Tony Stark had been sent to pick up flowers from this flower shop, in person. Obviously, she was punishing him for something. He sighed, chin raised, and glasses on, walked in the flower shop, and almost had a heart attack. Captain America's ghost was staring at him.
Howard huffed and rolled his eyes. "Don't worry, honey. I'm in a great mood, today. I mean, look at our guest."
Steve wasn't sure if he liked Tony or hated him, but for the first time after having woken up in this century, he wasn't feeling that alone.
Steve was having a strange dream before JARVIS woke them up. His body was transparent and he was floating above a sea. Bucky and his mother were on a boat, looking up at him. Bucky was holding out an arm and telling him to hold it.
Steve looked at him incredulously, "So she's in your head, too? Why can't you see her?" He felt frustrated. This was his chance to be with Peggy. What was Tony's problem.
Thor on the other hand, was very vibrant and even a bit smug. Still likable, though. Thor and Bruce were also the latest addition in the list of people who knew who Steve was. Banner looked shocked and Thor obviously was intrigued to hear all about Captain America.
"Yes, yes." Tony sighed, "I... " before he could finish, he felt Steve's hand cupping his cheek, "Oh, no, no!" He jumped away from Steve, "not again. You going all sweet on me and then, BOOM, Captain America. Not up for that kind of roller coaster ride."
"What... happened? I thought I'd survived the blast and then... Fury told me... Hydra... and then I was at the cafe, with you... and... Everything was a dream?"
This wasn't a major revelation to Steve; he'd already guessed that might've been the case. "So, that's why the occasional hesitation."
Half a day with Stane, and he'd managed to convince Tony that the past ten years had just been a virtual simulation.
alone in this, and you can't change that. I've done some things, Steve," he said, his voice openly anguished. "Some very bad things."
"I was young, reckless, and had too much money. You could say my life was one big party back then. I spent the days posing as the company figurehead, the evenings with a glass always in my hand—Champagne, cognac, Scotch, the more expensive, the better—and the nights with some beautiful dame in my bed. It's no wonder I quickly gained a reputation."
"You know that I'm a light sleeper, and that may have saved my life that night. Some hours later, when it was pitch-dark outside, I woke up to someone rustling at the entrance to my tent. 'Who's there?' I called out, and picked up my flashlight to look. The sight chilled the blood in my veins." Tony lowered his voice like someone telling a horror story, and Steve found himself holding his breath waiting to hear what would come next.
That sounded awfully flirty, and like Tony really was a hundred percent fine with what had happened. “Are you still under the influence of that stuff?” Steve asked suspiciously.
Steve wasn't going to push it, not now. "Then that's okay. You don't know everything about me, either," he pointed out. "Maybe I've got secrets, too."
That was disappointing, but also not particularly surprising, considering her apartment had just burned down. "Is it typical for her to be so scarce?"
"You're looking better, yourself. I'm pleased," Seren returned, and pressed the top of her head against Tony's cheek in an affectionate gesture.
He didn't see a soul on his way, and soon reached the waterfront. There, he took cover behind some rusting barrels by the wall of a warehouse close to the pier, and settled to wait.
Steve covered his mouth with his hand. It was as if he could still feel the ghost of Tony’s lips on his, the scratch of Tony’s beard against his own chin, which was clean-shaven now that he’d been reinstated. The worst thing was, he couldn’t remember much after that. They’d definitely kissed. Then, there were flashes of memories, of hands touching olive skin speckled with dark hair, but it faded into nothing.
"Ouch, I think that's enough mangled idioms for one conversation. I'm heading to the quinjet. Going to try to get some work done," Tony said, the floor creaking as he took a step towards the door.
Bucky was so mesmerized by the strange technology before him that he didn't even notice the large living dinosaur in the room until it made a low growl. It was a rhinoceros-like creature with a beak like a bird's and a huge bony crest extending from the back of its skull. The crest had an impressive pattern of green, brown and black that looked like a pair of huge, staring eyes. Bucky had seen beasts like this before, at the head of the caravan Stark had been traveling with. It was securely chained to the wall from each of its limbs as well as its thick neck.
There was a good chance that they wouldn't be able to handle this fight on their own. He hoped the second team was faring better. "Rumlow! We could use a hand. What's your status?" he inquired.
That's the whole trying-to-get-along thing in a nutshell, Tony muses: making compromises that they can both accept. Even if it's for some ludicrous team-building activity.
"I'm feeling great," Steve assured him. In all honesty, his cock was a little oversensitive from the heat, and he'd definitely want a break before going for another round of any sort. It wasn't actually painful, though, and he expected it to dissipate soon, since he always healed fast. "Remember what was next on the list? It's your turn, now." Steve added.
"Yes and no," the familiar voice of the AI replied, taking Steve by surprise. "My counterpart in the workshop self-destructed to make sure Ultron would gain no information from him. I am a local backup with limited computational capacity."
"Don't be so negative, Tony," Obie says, and places both hands on Tony's shoulders. "You built it under very unusual circumstances, and you can make him see that. He can talk to his lawyers. I'm sure we'll be able to come to an agreement that'll benefit all parties."
Steve crosses his arms. "I was," he says. There might be a bitter note to his voice. "Just call me Steve."
"I wouldn't do something like that." Steve did briefly consider whether he should hurry to the nearest village when he'd first reached the hut, but really, there's no way he could've just left, not without being sure that Tony also had a way home.
The last time—the first time—Tony had had to put an IV on himself had been back with the whole palladium poisoning crisis. It wasn't exactly a well-practiced skill, and it took him quite some time to get it right. It might've also been that he wasn't in a particular hurry to get it done. He did get the saline lock taped to his arm eventually, without too much bloodshed.
As soon as he noticed Steve's approach, Tony stood up to face him, taking a few steps towards him with a hesitant smile playing on his lips. Steve returned it with one of his own, even though the jumble of feelings going through him was almost too much to handle.
When Steve went to sleep that night, the thought that Ultron was constantly awake, his inhuman eyes watching Steve's every move, felt more oppressive than ever before. He was used to a life surrounded by AIs; they had been just as omnipresent eighty-five years ago as they were now. Still, back then, they had always been impersonal, little more than highly evolved voice interfaces, and Ultron's behavior today would've been seen as a serious programming flaw. He hadn't met enough modern AIs to tell if strong personalities and independent thought were more common and encouraged these days.
Because the rules said so—when a match was found, both halves must be told of the results. Because Tony should've said something earlier, since he'd suspected this ever since he'd first met Steve.
What he didn't say was that he intended it to be an amphibious one, traveling on both land and sea, so that when he went on the run, he'd only need to make it to the shore to escape. He'd seen the sea on their way here, and he knew they couldn't be far from it, a few miles at the most.
"I'd love to," Steve said, surprised and delighted, and hurried to get rid of his shirt and undershirt.
There were hands on Steve, larger than Pepper's, pulling him to a softer surface, the clunk of a car door closing, and then it was no longer cold.
Pepper made an apologetic face. "I'm not sure. I didn't actually talk to any of them. I think they were. They definitely didn't look like locals. Why is it important?"
In the end, Steve decided to just call Bucky, too. The description he went for was a little more detailed than the one he'd given to Pepper, but not much: mainly that he'd found Tony, had strong reasons to suspect that Tony was responsible for the fires, but that he didn't know the whole story, and was hoping to get more details about it tonight. Bucky, in turn, told him that there had been no new fires that seemed like they might be related to the case—just as there wouldn't have been, if Tony was the one causing them. Steve had been keeping him busy, after all.
He was in a stylish observation lounge, facing a room-height window with a slightly curved surface showing an awe-inspiring view of the blue oceans, white clouds, and green-brown continents of Earth. There was enough traffic outside to make it look realistic; when he looked carefully, he could spot shuttles climbing up the gravity well and several stations and ships in orbit. The room itself gave the impression of affluence just by its size; it would be a waste of life support resources to have so much empty space just for the sake of appearance. There wasn't much furniture, just a bar-style open kitchen against the back wall and three black leather club chairs with an angular design set around a matte black sofa table close to the window.
"It's okay. I'm here, now." Steve rubs Tony's back soothingly, and even though he's the one who was almost frozen, it's Tony who seems to melt, the constant tension finally leaving him as he relaxes in Steve's arms.
Steve wanted nothing more than to punch this terrible, twisted man right there and then, but he didn't want to compromise his progress. It might already be enough that Stane had admitted to the identity theft in such clear words. Still, Steve reeled in his wrath and just barked, "Leave him alone, Stane."
Steve crosses his arms. "Yes to the camping gear, but no to the armor," he says, as stubborn as ever. "It'd defeat the whole purpose of the exercise. As long as you've got the communications tech to be able to contact the outside world, that should be enough for emergencies."
Stepping out of the elevator into the airy lobby, he could picture Pepper standing in the middle of the space in a crisp skirt suit, waiting to try and talk him out of it. Of course, she wasn't there, either. Not like she built her schedule around Tony's. Not anymore. Not in years.
Pepper stopped her work for a moment, turning her face up towards Steve and Rhodey. She looked very serious. "Considering how much trouble we've been giving him recently—I'm worried he might decide Tony's outlived whatever usefulness he had, and that the easiest solution is the permanent one. Our best hope is that he'll choose to keep Tony around as bait, to try to get at us. Tie up all the loose ends."
"Of course, it'd be safer for me somewhere more private," Tony said, lowering his voice in a way that didn't help with Steve's rampant feelings at all. "I have a room upstairs."
He'd known to expect something like this. He was flooding his system with a virus carrying foreign genetic material, after all. He got up from his desk, leaning on its edge, his head swimming. Once he was convinced he could trust his balance, he shuffled across the room to fetch a few blankets from the emergency stash, then curled up on the couch under them, shivering violently.
Steve had been ready to pull off his cowl and confess everything, but now, the biting hatred on Tony's face and the fact that he hadn't, even for one second, considered that Steve might've in fact been Captain America, gave him cold feet.
Tony wasn't sure where his own feelings ended and Steve's started anymore; it was a jumble of incredulity, relief, regret, and a million other things, everything that they'd been carrying around since they'd met, finally out in the open.
Tony made an amused hum. "Flatterer. It really feels like much longer than that. The plan for the trip was to climb the mountains in search of a lost city of the Incas, which was said to contain priceless treasures. We were our way towards the starting point of our ascent, driving in a Jeep along a winding road through the foothills with a few locals we had hired to guide us, when suddenly, bang! The front tires blew up, just like that, first one, then the other. It was a struggle to keep the car on the road.
"Well, if that's what he does, we're going to take the bait," Steve said. Even if it would be meant as a trap, they'd have to. He wasn't going to abandon Tony to protect his own skin.
"Yes, yes," Tony murmured into Steve's chest, coughed softly, and went limp in Steve's arms, the tremors dying down.
"Hell if I know what it is, I haven't seen it. Something small, some kind of amulet, maybe. I've just got first-hand proof of what it can do." The man raised his bandaged hand again. "I'd be happier if I never heard mention of the damn thing again."
Tony let out a rueful chuckle. If it were that easy, he wouldn't have a problem, would he? "Yeah. Neither of which is really an option. You've not met him. He's…" He ran his hands over his face, searching in vain for words that didn't sound like platitudes, but his wit was failing him. "I get it now why dad always talked about him. He's one of a kind."
With a soft "click," the device comes free, and Obie pulls it out, raising it in front of his face to admire it. "It's magnificent. It makes me so sad to think that after all these years, after everything I did for you, you'd rather give your greatest invention to that upstart, Kamski."
"I talked to the boss. He'd like a word with you. Come with me," the man said. The words were inconspicuous, but the way he said them almost sounded like a veiled threat, not giving Tony room to decline.
"Something like that. Look, it's been a while, but I grew up down here, and I have no love for the heights. In fact, I'm trying to get away from someone up there." He tilted his head skywards. "Now, do you want that coat or not? I'm sure I can find someone else who does, if you don't."
Steve doesn't want to push it, and as anxious as the loaded silence makes him, he waits for Tony to actually say something. He clasps his hands behind his back, watching Tony's face carefully for any hint of what's going through his head, but he still can't figure out that particular, pensive expression.
Rumlow wasn't difficult to find: he was in the canteen, enjoying the variety of foods on offer. Bucky had already done the same earlier, and it had been wonderful to have a nice slow-cooked stew and fresh fruits for dessert, quite the contrast to the meager rations they'd had on the road. Bucky was developing a taste for the island's foods, which tended to be spicier than what he was used to.
Steve struggled to keep his face neutral. He realized this wasn't the most watertight of stories, and he wasn't great at improvising. He'd just have to hope it was enough. "He wanted to. I told him not to, not yet. I'd seen that fire at your meeting with the mob, and I thought it might not be safe."
"I didn't do much. You should be thanking Rumlow, really," Bucky said modestly. Again, he was seated across from her in her office, and again, he felt like a schoolboy brought to meet the principal, even if her words were nothing but kind.
Bucky was happy to do as she asked, fetching food and bringing it to Stark's cell. He even got his very own set of dungeon keys due to his new role as Stark's primary warden.
He couldn't deny that he'd thought, over the past few days, that things would've been a lot simpler without those test results Tony had shared with him; if Steve's earlier belief that they weren't a match had been true. He'd also thought that maybe he could just ignore the whole thing, go on as if nothing had happened, pretend there was nothing special between them. Still, somewhere at the back of his mind, there'd always been that hopeful curiosity about things that could've been. Now, he'd missed his chance of ever finding out.
Tony frowned at Steve, an unfocused, glassy look. "You're not real," he said, his voice breathless and hoarse.
"It's likely, but we don't know the full depth of it, or how willing he was to work with them in the first place," Fury replied.
Tony groaned, combing his fingers through said substance, which was currently coating his hair. It was the parting gift from a slime monster they’d fought in the Amazon, and it was positively disgusting; the sticky texture and the sickly-sweet smell of it reminded him of a pudding gone sour. And yet, as disgusting as the stuff was, Tony would’ve picked swimming in a lake of it with a whole family of those creatures over what he was actually faced with.
The relief is overwhelming, and Steve has the strongest urge to press a kiss in Tony's hair, which he's obviously not going to do. Instead, he keeps his focus on Tapio. "Thank you. Thank you so much," he says, from the bottom of his heart. It feels entirely inadequate. "You've very likely saved his life."
In the momentary distraction of worry for his team, Steve had let his guard slip enough that the knife-wielding enemy managed to get through, slicing into his bicep. Steve barely felt it. He responded with a kick that made his attacker stumble back. The second fighter was right there, though, giving him no chance to catch his breath, launching into a rapid series of punches. It was fast, but predictable, and Steve blocked each one without trouble.
"That's the wishlist," Tony agreed, his porridge sitting on the table half-finished, his fingers wrapped around a coffee mug. "It's just missing one key detail: we'd like to pull off all this without Hydra realizing what's happened."
It was an unnerving, disturbing feeling, like a hit of some drug, his mind turning a little fuzzy, his breathing slowing down on its own accord, his heart thumping forcefully beneath the arc reactor.
"I'm not in the least interested in your ethical disagreements," the Kingpin interrupted them. "Stick to the facts. Are you saying Stark also drank from this Fountain?"
For all that the Mayor had been one of the first people in Crabb Castle who Bucky had gotten to know, he still felt vaguely uneasy about the summons to meet her. Once he'd survived his difficult and pain-filled early weeks and grown to be a part of the community, he'd come to understand how much everyone respected Lina Crabb. The only reason he'd received so much personal attention from her was that people from the outside world very rarely ended up on the island, and even less so in the parts of it that were still controlled by humans. To have the Mayor's attention was considered a privilege. She wasn't just the leader of the Resistance, but also the direct descendant of famous freedom fighters; the personification of their ongoing struggle against the reptilian oppressors.
Tony joined him a moment later with a bottle of whiskey and two glasses. "You sure you don't want any?"
Sometimes he felt like a hypocrite and wondered what his teenage self, with all his big thoughts about justice and equality, would think of him now.
"That'd take months to grow, not to mention the trouble of getting SHIELD to hand over your genome while you're still on probation. Sorry, Steve. For now, you're better off in something more robust. Solve this case, and I can sort it out for you, if you really want it," Tony said.
He'd called Tony's number before, of course; he'd just always done that as Captain America. In fact, the last time had only been some hours ago when he'd contacted Jarvis to check if they'd heard from Tony, and Jarvis had said that they hadn't.
He imagines this whole outdoor adventure thing could be fun if he were here with someone he likes spending time with. Pepper or Rhodey, for example. With Pepper, they could mutually bond about the many things that suck, maybe even cuddle to stay warm. Rhodey might actually like it out here—except that his legs will need a lot more work before he can handle terrain like this again.
It occurred to Steve that he might have more to contribute to Tony's plans than he'd first thought. "I think I know someone who'd be willing to help. Do you know of the resistance movement?"
Making use of the enhanced strength of his frame, Steve caught hold of Tony by the armpits and hauled him up. Tony let out a little squeal of surprise, but didn't resist. Steve lay down on his back and brought Tony to sprawl over him in a wonderful tangle of filthy, naked skin.
For the first time, Stane had spoken Tony's name aloud. Perhaps Steve was getting under his skin, or perhaps he no longer cared. They were in a small, windowless room, its only door guarded by drones, leaving Steve seemingly at his mercy. Besides, he had said he'd already decided to kill Steve. He probably thought he might as well speak his mind.
Back at Stark Tower, Tony was waiting for Steve right inside the door to the landing platform, his arms crossed and his expression wary. "Steve. What have you been up to?"
"Oh, you know. Some neural damage, a bit of organ failure. Needed spare parts, couldn't afford proper organic ones, so I had to get creative," Tony listed. He was clearly trying to keep his tone casual, but it wasn't enough to hide the hurt beneath. He turned around, making Steve pull back his hand. "Want to see?"
What Natasha had been able to tell them was that the dungeons where the Northerners were probably keeping Tony had two entrances. The usual way in would be difficult to reach, since it lay inside the perimeter wall, but there was a second, larger tunnel connecting to them with an opening directly in the wall. Located behind the town when looking at the main gates, it was perfect for their purposes. They'd try to get as close as they could without being noticed, subdue the guards and break in. It shouldn't be too difficult.
Tony almost didn't recognize her at first. It was Seren, but she must've gone to the sea for a swim, because for the first time, he saw her with all her scales and feathers clean, shimmering in shades of red and green under the sun. She was still skinny, but clearly, being outside was doing wonders for her, as well.
Steve the android makes a slight frown, which looks unfairly adorable. "Your vitals suggest distress. Are you alright?"
"The usual," Steve said. He sat up slowly, clenching his hands into fists and opening them again to get rid of the lingering numbness. Glancing down at himself quickly confirmed his first impression: his frame was as buff as the fake he'd died in, his front a landscape of toned muscles and smooth skin all the way down to the blanket covering his lap. His biceps were as thick as his birth frame's thighs.
The second part of what she said registers with a slight delay—the mention of Pepper, which reminds him of the whole wide world out there, now that he's back in civilization again. The idea of having to deal with the press or security debriefings or any other tedious, inevitable official business makes him want to pull the blanket over his head. He's way too tired and sore for all that.
Tony had gotten the knot open, and tossed Steve's tie carelessly to the desk on top of his cap. He then ran his hands along Steve's upper body, over his shoulders, down his sides, in a movement that almost mirrored what Steve had done, but he could tell there was more to it than that. Tony was surreptitiously checking for hidden weapons. In spite of what he'd said, he didn't fully trust Steve yet. Steve had to admit it was sensible, and it was also kind of impressive that Tony could still keep a cool head even when he was clearly as excited as Steve was.
Embarrassingly, he felt relieved once he got into the corridor, away from Stark's demanding, desperate gaze. Still, his mind was a tumult of uncertainty.
Steve was going to try and ask more about Tony's work, just in case he'd end up getting some garbled version of recent events, when they were interrupted by a short, rat-faced man in a suit that fit better than Steve's. He stopped next to Tony and placed a skinny hand on Tony's shoulder.
"It would be the start of an intellectual property rights nightmare," Tony returns, pulling the lapels of his bathrobe closer together to cover the reactor.
"You and Stark," Sam said, shaking his head, looking like he didn't know what to think about this. "I don't get it. If you're right and you both had a hunch you're a match, then why didn't either of you ever say anything?"
Tony wiped off the saliva with his free hand. "Very cute, Steve. Maybe I should take out your tongue for that, or your lips." He slid the blade upwards over Steve's chin until one sharp edge rested over Steve's lips like a shushing forefinger. "It'd make talking difficult for you, but if you're not going to say anything anyway, it wouldn't really matter. Maybe you'd feel more talkative in the next scenario then, huh?" A slight added pressure and a quick shift of the blade, and it cut through Steve's lower lip, stinging at the sensitive skin. The taste of blood filled his mouth.
"If only Tony had listened to reason, just this once," Pepper muttered, her eyes still on the leg plate she was wrestling with.
"I'm convinced he'll make a full recovery," the white-haired man was telling Steve. "He just needs rest."
He shifts his hand to Tony's throat to check his pulse, and he thinks it feels slightly better, as well; still far slower than it should ever be, but stronger. Unfortunately, when he rests the back of his hand against Tony's cheek, it's no warmer than before.
He crossed the floor to look out of the windows, and Steve followed him. Standing next to Tony, Steve was the shorter one of them. It had nearly always been the other way around in the past, and this felt strange, but he would get used to it, just like he'd get used to lacking the strength to lift Tony off the floor on a whim. What he had now was much better: a clone created from his original genome instead of some designer fake that bore his face. It made him feel at home.
Staring at Steve's retreating back, the full picture of the situation finally starts to sink in for Tony. Beyond Steve, the round shapes of hills stretch out all the way to the horizon, and Tony can't spot as much as a single radio mast. He has no idea where he is, and he's just pushed away the only person sharing this predicament. Probably not the smartest move.
Had that thug been lying to Steve when he'd said Tony's mysterious—and from up close, undeniable—powers were due to some object he carried? The thug had seemed to genuinely believe it, but Steve had now spent a good ten hours in Tony's company, and had seen no trace of such a thing. Steve could think of a few ways it could still turn out to be true: for example, that the artifact's effect did not require close proximity to its user, and it was hidden somewhere in the room, or, a rather disturbing idea, that it had somehow merged with Tony, and was now a part of him, always with him.
The echo of approaching footsteps drew their attention away from the dinosaur and back to the door, still partly open, to see the Mayor enter the Vault. She eyed Stark appraisingly. "Mr. Stark. You look just as handsome as the pictures we had of you," she said—not in English, but in the common tongue that was her first language. Clearly, the courtesy of speaking a foreign one was only reserved to those she held in high regard.
Steve woke up in the early morning to an unfamiliar ringtone. It took him a few seconds to place it. Once he realized it was the one he'd set for the burner phone he'd sent to Tony, he was instantly wide awake, his heart racing.
"It stood on a stone pedestal adorned with intricate carvings," Tony went on. "A shimmering dark red stone, like a giant ruby, polished to a perfect sphere. I should have known better, after all the traps, I really should've, but my success had made me complacent. I reached out for the stone. The second my fingers made contact, there was a bright flash of light, and a jolt of electric pain ran down my arm.
Steve sat back in his chair, taking in the room around him. The restaurant had ten tables of varying sizes, half of which were currently occupied. Judging by appearances, most of the customers were Italian, making Steve stick out like a sore thumb with his blond hair and pale skin. At a glance, none of the others caught his attention. He couldn't spot any weapons, neither overtly carried, nor obvious signs of hidden ones.
"No, no! Some of it? Maybe?" Bruce said sheepishly as he put his glasses on his nose again. "But, you know, it wasn't your fault. You may be an asshole, but none of what happened was your fault."
Every now and then, the rhinoceros-like beast chained to the far wall growled at Stark, who replied in strange, guttural noises similar to what he'd used when addressing the monster in the Rainy Basin. They'd been having these brief exchanges since Stark had started working in the Vault, and it almost sounded as if the two were talking.
"You're absolutely right," Tony agreed. He stood up and pulled off his jacket in one graceful move, keeping constant eye contact with Steve.
He let go of the wheel to press the heels of his hands into his eyes, willing that awful vision to go away.
"You'll need to be careful, I might be on a hair-trigger," Tony said, sounding less enthusiastic about it than Steve could've hoped.
He didn’t remember being sick or injured, although clearly something had happened, because every joint and muscle in his body was aching. It reminded him of the time before the serum, and he felt a brief flash of panic before he raised his arms off the mattress and saw that they were as muscular as he was used to. They were perfectly unblemished, too, with no bruises or bandages, and no IVs, either. Why was he here?
was still occasionally brought nourishment. Unfortunately, that wasn't on a consistent schedule—probably a deliberate trick to make things even less comfortable for the prisoners—so it didn't help with figuring out the passing hours and days. She'd tried to offer some of it to Tony, but the food was raw meat, which he wasn't quite desperate enough to try, and the water in a shallow bowl, which she couldn't get to him across the distance between the cells without spilling most of it.
He asked Jarvis to switch the lights back on at the dimmest setting and to play some soothing background music. It was enough of a distraction that it made falling asleep easier, but it didn't change where he ended up. He still jolted awake, his heart racing, the memory of drowning in his own blood fresh in his mind.
Tony crossed his arms, and as his smile faded, it left him looking about as nervous as Steve felt. Steve remembered wondering, eighty years ago—a couple of weeks ago—if Tony would look different, wearing a younger body once he wasn't young anymore. He thought he could see a difference now. Something about his eyes, a depth beneath the excitement that hadn't been there before. Still, he couldn't help the feeling that he'd suddenly been transported backwards in time. There wasn't the slightest risk that he'd mistake this clone for the one Stane had used.
The memory kept haunting him: Tony, on his knees, bleeding out, coughing and gasping for air that wouldn't come. Even worse, it kept shifting into the vision from just half a day earlier, of Tony lounging in bed next to Steve, of the lean muscles of his bare chest and the golden glow of his skin.
The next scenario was even more brutal. There were torn nails and pulled teeth and broken bones, far too much pain for Steve to put on any bravado. Worse yet, when he passed out the first time, he didn't die, and came around still horribly maimed, and it went on like it would never end.
"You can't give in, Tony," Seren said. The way her words came faster and the pitch of her voice rose with concern made the Saurian version of Tony's name almost unrecognizable.
Steve raised his eyebrows. Fury had clearly spent some time thinking about this. "I hadn't thought I was that important."
It annoys him that he was too slow and too late to reach this perch within the full light of day. He's not too tired and could easily keep walking through the night, but there's no point to it if he doesn't actually have a destination. It would make far more sense to stop, rest, and wait for the morning, so that he can get a proper view.
Steve opened the zipper all the way. That gave him a very nice view of Tony's front, the olive skin and sinewy muscles he'd only glimpsed before. There was no sign of anything like a pendant around his neck, so whatever shape the artifact was, it wasn't on a chain. Maybe it'd be in a pocket; the coveralls had several of those. Steve had felt there were things in them when he'd been pressed close against Tony, but not enough to tell what they might've been.
"It didn't work," Tony said. His voice sounded hoarse in his ears, though his breathing had definitely improved; someone had swapped the earlier oxygen mask for a nasal cannula.
He's never had any scruples about talking to himself, but here, it somehow feels wrong when it's otherwise so quiet. It bothers him more than he would've thought that he has no one to talk to, no one at all. He's so used to having at least Friday or one of the bots around.
"I have no idea what you're talking about! I'm Tony Stark! Whatever you've heard, that's all lies," Stane protested, spreading his arms. It might've more been convincing if he hadn't currently had an unconscious Tony and a drone-restrained Steve in VR chairs behind him.
The device that Yinsen eventually implants in Tony's chest is more Stark than Kamski. He calls it a thirium reactor, and its power output would make Kamski green with envy. The triangle surrounded by little caution notes that make it recognizable as CyberLife android tech is still visible in the middle of it. Tony could've chosen to scrape them off, and he didn't. It would've felt like trying to cover up his crime.
Even if this last-resort plan worked, it would only allow him to free himself. The dinosaur prisoners would still be stuck in the dungeon. No matter how much he'd racked his brain for a solution to freeing them, all he could come up with hinged on James. He knew there was an obvious alternative to having James on his side: he might be able to take the younger man by surprise, knock him out and steal the keys to the cells from him. But that was something he didn't want to do, because it would feel like lowering himself to the level of his enemies. Besides, he wasn't sure if he could pull it off, considering how weak and tired he constantly felt.
Kamski's office is at the top floor of the Tower. Of course it is. To Tony's surprise, Kamski's dressed formally: dark gray slacks and a matching vest, with a burgundy dress shirt underneath. The kind of getup Tony might pick, and not really the style Tony's used to seeing him with. Unlike Tony, he's been known to show up on the national news in jeans and a hoodie, like some sysadmin that got dragged out of the basement. His hair is carefully combed into his usual ponytail, his beard trimmed to a style not too different from Tony's.
“Technically, it's impossible to prove that you don't have a match,” Tony replied; a scientifically accurate answer that handily exempted him from having to say anything more.
"No. That's not why I'd do it. It's because the way I see this, out of the two of you, you were far more likely to make a difference in the world if you survived. That's the rational reason, anyway. I've got be honest, that's not all there is to it. There's also how I feel. I can't bear to think that you'd have died there." Steve's fingers squeeze Tony's.
Only at night, when he lay alone in bed, his thoughts ended up returning to those old paths, making him wonder if there might still be a chance of fixing things. If he could, one day, stand next to Tony and feel companionship and warmth instead of the anxiety that had always been radiating from him.
He placed the first shoe aside and moved on to the other one. "I don't mind that. I just want you to feel good, okay? That's going to be the only goal here."
It's got to be one of Kamski's, Tony thinks. No one else makes them as unnecessarily perfect as he does. He's weird even on Tony's scale, but he does have talent, not to mention an impeccable sense of aesthetics. And if it's one of his, Tony knows the basics of the build well, thanks to some time he spent with the man before CyberLife made it to the Fortune 500. Which means that this android could be the beginning of a solution to his very urgent heart-and-shrapnel situation.
This time, finally, Tony didn't recoil, but practically collapsed against Steve. Steve wrapped his arms around him, pulling him close, holding him tight. "It's okay. It's over, Tony. Everything will be okay now."
That sounded very much like she meant they could ask Tony about it. "Can we talk to him?" Steve checked.
"What do you mean?" Steve asked, rubbing at his eyes because he definitely hadn’t been micro-napping.
Steve settles into the recess between boulders, pulling up his knees and crossing his arms. It's not particularly comfortable. A rock presses against his tailbone. He tries to shift, only to end up with a sharp ridge digging into his ribs.
To his surprise, although they showered together, it was mostly just that: washing, without Tony taking the initiative towards anything more steamy like he usually did. He must've been even more taken aback by Steve's frame hiccup than Steve had realized.
"You'll get used to it." Steve took Tony's face between both his hands. Beneath his fingertips, the skin at the back of Tony's neck was as smooth and scarless as it had been in VR, but unlike in VR, Steve knew there'd be a new, flawless backup node implanted underneath.
"You can't take the blame for everything that happened," Steve said. If he'd had any doubts about Tony's integrity, they were all gone now. He could see how much pain this had caused Tony. In a way, even though he'd been the one to light the fires, Tony had been more of a victim than the true culprit. "They attacked you. They shot at you. You would've died without those powers. What you did was all self-defense, even if it was extreme. It was the Kingpin and his men that made you lose control."
The best course of action was to see if he could learn more here. He took a deep breath to calm down, and went on interviewing the crowd. "Did anyone else see him?"
The sun's rays were catching the stone, and it was changing in front of Steve's eyes, lifeless darkness giving way to a vivid, blue-green shimmer. Still, Steve knew that if Tony had been without air too long, he would be beyond help.
"What happened to Jarvis?" Steve asked, returning to the earlier topic while he went back to seeing to the wound. "Did he make it through Ultron's counter-attack?"
Seren had been here far longer that he had. Again, due to the nature of their prison, she didn't know how long, exactly. Several months, at least. The Northerners had never even considered asking for her cooperation; they didn't think of dinosaurs as people at all. They'd captured her to experiment on her, to probe the strengths and weaknesses of her kind. Thankfully, they hadn't been doing that recently. She supposed they were between studies, undecided what to do with her next.
Tony included samples from his mom and dad among the first test runs of their pipeline. The result was a loud and clear positive match. They really had been soulmates, then, no doubt about it. He raised yet another toast for dad that night.
"Even if I were," Rhodey said, raising his eyes to cast Tony an unimpressed look, "this wouldn't prove anything."
Tony leaned against Steve, wrapped his arms around him and rested his head against Steve's front. "We make quite the pair, don't we," he mumbled into Steve's chest.
There was another pause, probably because Tony waited to be sure Steve was done. When he started messaging again, it wasn't at all what Steve would've expected.
"So, you really haven't realized what I've got in my chest, yet?" Tony asks, pushing back his shoulders so that the halves of his sliced tank top fall to the sides, leaving the thirium reactor in full view. "Didn't spot the serial number when you picked up the device?"
"Sure." Happy pointed his watch towards the nearest clear stretch of wall, projecting a generic background image of a starry sky on to it. Pepper got up to join him there, and Steve and Rhodey followed.
Deputy Director Peggy Carter was the second-in-command of SHIELD, answering only to Director Phillips himself. Around ten years older than Steve, she was one of the most formidable people Steve knew, probably his equal when it came to tactical thinking, and far better than him at diplomacy. She was also dependable, just and determined. Really, she had all the qualities Steve admired. And she was beautiful. He couldn't deny that he'd fallen for her a long time ago, but he'd never done anything about it. Partly because it would be inappropriate—even though SHIELD had no strict rules against fraternization, dating his commanding officer was still bad form and could make working with her awkward—but mostly because he was afraid she'd turn him down and break his heart.
"You'll probably be asked for an in-depth report afterwards, since it's the first time we're taking one of these into the field," she said.
"That seems to be what happened," the Mayor agreed. "He came here, and he's been working on repurposing the ancient technology of this island for the dinosaurs. We've gotten our hands on some of that too, but we can't make it work. With his expertise, we could, and that could turn the tide in our favor."
The dinosaur took off again at full pelt, and Bucky held on to Stark and their unlikely steed for dear life.
"Well, you're probably better off for it," Rhodey comments. "Android soldiers tend to get the worst possible jobs."
"His private matters are his own," Jarvis declared. "All I'm saying is, whatever you think is going on, he's involved with neither Pepper nor Jan, and if anyone claims he is, they're lying."
"Someone's past is a thing we don't tend to talk about," Pepper reminded him, placing a hand on Natasha's shoulder.
All of it was amazing, and Steve enjoyed every minute, and yet, he still found himself thinking of how much better it would've been to see all of this with Tony by his side. Tony would've been so excited about all these sights, and could've told him of the myths related to the carvings, translating the various saurian languages into English where Steve's skills failed him. Sam and his family knew English as well, but to them, it was the language of the people who'd enslaved their ancestors, so they weren't particularly fond of it. They'd mostly learned it since it was helpful when communicating with recent arrivals to the island, like Steve.
Bruce thought the gamma radiation could've messed up his INCS. If that could happen accidentally, then surely it could also be done on purpose.
Steve crossed his arms, glaring right back. “And I’m not gonna apologize for it. I was worried you were bleeding out!”
Tony took Steve in his mouth again, and this time, it wasn't as tentative. He swallowed most of Steve's length with so little effort, it left no doubt as to his experience—Steve wasn't a small guy. It felt like—Steve had nothing to compare it to. The uncanny heat of Tony's mouth was different from any human touch Steve had experienced, be it a hand or a mouth or an ass. It definitely felt a little scary, but somehow, even with all the suspicions of what Tony might've done, he'd also made it clear he wanted this to be good for Steve. He believed without a doubt that if he asked Tony to stop, he would.
Steve was the one to break the kiss, when the heat started to feel like too much. Tony loosened his hold of the tie, and started tying a knot in it.
Steve slipped his hands under Tony's faded t-shirt, his palms against the warm, soft skin of his sides. Tony shivered a at the touch; Steve imagined that his new clone would feel sensitive, maybe even ticklish, so soon after the transfer. "Which frame are we test-driving, yours or mine?" Steve asked.
Tony squints at him suspiciously. "Is this some roundabout way of hinting that I should fetch my own coffee and let you join Happy on the security detail?"
As he ran, Steve considered his priorities, trying to formulate a plan. His primary goal was to locate any surviving members of his team, but they could be anywhere in the world. It wouldn't be an easy task, and it would take time. To get that, he would have to find a way to keep Ultron and Tony off his tail first. There was one obvious solution to that problem: if he could swap frames, he'd get rid of any potential tracking hardware, and have a disguise. The thought of having someone else wear this particular frame, with his face on it, was vaguely disturbing, but it was a sacrifice he was willing to make in exchange for his freedom. He'd just need to find someone with the right tools, and willing to deal with the tracking. That wouldn't be easy with no contacts.
He'd been too slow. He didn't think he'd see Tony again tonight. He could only hope Tony wasn't in too much trouble.
"It's just, ever since we got back from the Yucatán, he's not been quite himself. He's been absent and distracted, like something's bothering him." Pepper was speaking slowly, seeming to consider each word carefully. Steve figured that might be either because she hadn't talked about this with anyone, or—the less charitable explanation—because she didn't want to give away too much.
He made his way back to the fire engines, and found out Tony had already left. Apparently, he'd managed to convince the people he'd talked to that he wasn't injured.
He hadn't understood the language Stark and the dinosaur had been speaking, and he didn't think anyone else in the group had, either, which meant that they couldn't know if Stark was telling the truth about what he'd said. Maybe he'd actually been sending out a message asking for help. That would mean they had even more reasons to hurry, in case more monsters showed up to rescue their favorite henchman.
If Tony could travel back in time and change things, he'd choose to save the other Steve, even if it cost him his life. There's no doubt about it in his mind anymore.
This was turning out to be a rather pointless conversation; so far all Steve had gotten was the confirmation that Tony's adventurous reputation was real, and not a fiction created for his magazine.
There was the sound of departing footsteps, and then an awkward silence, although Pepper and Rhodey were still in the room with Steve.
Bucky and Seren scowled at each other, looking as if they were more likely to start a fight than work together.
“Yeah, and you’re a Libertarian fuckwit who thinks he’s morally superior to everyone else,” Tony snapped at him.
Steve studied Jarvis's face carefully, looking for any hint that he wasn't telling everything. He was usually quite good at reading people, but Jarvis didn't give away much. Either he was being honest, or he had an impeccable poker face.
He feared this would tarnish the good memories forever. He'd already lost so much of his past. He didn't want to lose that, too.
"You don't owe me anything, really. Thank you." Steve closes his sentence with another kiss, a quick peck on Tony's cheek, and then stands up. "I'd love to continue what we started—there are so many things I want to try, all these ideas I've got, and I intend to get back to it soon. First, though, I think we need to take a time-out and deal with Stane."
The other man hadn't moved at all from where he was standing. It seemed like he was more cautious than his friend. Steve knew looks could deceive, but he definitely gave the impression that he'd prefer talking to fighting: he had his hands in his pockets, his shoulders slumped in submission, and was glaring at Steve sullenly.
"The Global Identity Agency has confirmed his status. This here is none other than Anthony Edward Stark," Natasha said, motioning at Tony, wearing the broadest smile Steve had ever seen on her lips.
Steve strips off his uniform, as fast as he can, before he has time to change his mind, and loosens the blankets around Tony so that he can slip under them as well. He settles with his back against a wall, Tony on his lap, and wraps his arms around Tony, hugging him close to maximize skin contact. Steve tends to run hot himself, thanks to his super-soldier metabolism, and he hopes that the added warmth will make a difference.
"Ah. Just give me two minutes to finish, she can wait that long," Rumlow said, and hurried to clean his plate.
Randall opened the door that Steve had spotted earlier and led him to a larger room beyond. The light was brighter there, and its source was only the ceiling; the walls were simply a pale matte blue. Inset in one wall was a drinks dispenser, and next to it, a table had been laid out with enough food to feed an entire family on the street levels, with piles of fruits and bread and meats that Steve suspected were not lab-grown, but originated from actual live animals.
"It doesn't hurt. Not like some of the other things," Tony said softly. He raised his head, and Steve's hand ended up on his shoulder. He didn't seem to mind, so Steve kept it there. "It's just dead. No backup for me," Tony went on, still facing away. "One body, one life. Like those anti-node fanatics."
Ignoring the part of his mind fixated on the Resistance members' teachings of how horrible dinosaurs were, and the cautious part that reminded him he'd never been particularly proficient as a rider, Bucky leaped onto the dinosaur's back to keep Stark in place.
"Sorry, I've been away for some time," Steve said. Although the higher levels had long ago given up physical currency, it had still been common on the streets when he'd last been down here. "What passes for ID-free money these days?"
"Maybe? I don't—they only came here once, and Maya and Al didn't seem too happy about that." Dr. Harris glanced around as if worried someone might overhear him gossiping about his colleagues.
"I know. Trust me, it's not my first time facing near-death from thirst," Stark commented wryly, then went on to take a big gulp of water anyway.
"I didn't. That's not why I did it. I swear that's not what it was." Steve tried to make his voice as emphatic as he could, but it didn't seem as if he was getting through.
He blows out a breath and turns his attention to what's in front of him. In his hurry to storm away, Steve left behind the rucksack that he was digging through earlier. Tony realizes it must be a parachute container; the fabric that's currently tangled around his legs would be the chute itself. Since it wouldn't have enveloped Tony on its own, Steve must've wrapped it around him. That thought brings back his earlier anger.
Steve pulled off Tony’s remaining gauntlet as gently as he could to avoid hurting Tony’s injured wrist. Even though Tony was clearly doing his best not to show the pain he was in, Steve could still notice how his expression grew tighter, the frown lines on his brow deeper.
Even if Tony had messaged Steve, it didn't look like he was interested in actually talking about the situation. He felt a flare of annoyance at Tony for just tossing the information at him and then refusing to follow up on it. Steve wanted to grab him by the shoulders and shout at him to explain himself, but even if he rushed back home and did just that, he doubted he'd achieve anything. If Tony hadn't wanted to face the fact that they were a match before, he certainly wouldn't want to do so now, when he had so many reasons to hate Steve.
"If you need anything, there’ll be someone in the workshop," Pepper told him. Then Steve heard her and Rhodey walk out of the room, the door closing behind them.
The sunstones were the single most powerful piece of technology Tony had found on the island. If the Northerners got their hands on this one and realized what it could do, they'd go on the hunt for more, and then they'd soon be building all kinds of things that the peaceful Dinotopians would be defenseless against: guns and tanks, maybe even planes or submarines. He couldn't let that happen, no matter what.
"I'm glad to hear that. Welcome to Crabb Castle. My name is Lina, and I'm the mayor of this town," she introduced herself.
"And what do you think would've happened to my precursor if you'd managed to repair him?" Steve presses on.
Bucky's mouth fell open. He couldn't have heard that right. "Dinosaurs," he repeated dumbly. "Like those giant lizards?"
It might also be that there was no artifact at all, and this was something else—either Tony wasn't Tony, or if he was, then something extraordinary had happened to him on that expedition.
The alien scepter harnessing who knew what powers, the stone at its end glowing a mysterious blue—what if—could that be it?
"Sure, straight out of Marvels. Did any of that actually happen? Did you even go on that expedition? Did Cauac really stab you?" Steve asked, not sure if he'd believe Tony's answers.
Steve took Tony's hand between both of his, his back still turned towards Stane. "At least he could spend that time among friends instead of pain and misery. I don't have a lot to bargain with, but I'll do whatever it takes to grant him that."
The ride felt endless, his ears popping as they rapidly gained altitude. The drones were standing so close to him that if he shifted at all, his arms touched theirs.
"Yeah, of course. See you on the next mission," Tony said, sounding distracted, and hung up abruptly.
"I'm a man of my word, but in this case, I don't feel like I actually understood the deal I was getting into. I've been manipulated too many times in the past," Tony tells him, bitterness creeping into his voice. Even if it led to something amazing for him, he's mad at Kamski for playing him. "So, in this case, I'm going to have to say that the offer's no longer on the table."
Tapio doesn't seem too pleased, letting out a huff as he looks up at Steve again. "Well. What is it?"
Dad always did tell him he's too soft, and he remembers Kamski calling him adorable in a tone that left it vague whether he was being sincere or derisive. They're probably right to mock him. Tony knows he's anthropomorphizing. These are machines; just clever mimics of humans. They're not sentient. They don't have feelings.
"The Fountain of Youth!" Maya said hurriedly. "That's what we were looking for. I'm telling you the truth now. Tony can confirm it. I didn't tell you beforehand because I didn't want you to expect too much, and I didn't tell you afterwards because it's best left buried."
There was no question that Mona believed every word of what she was saying, and her brother wasn't the only resistance fighter who'd died. The group Bucky had traveled with had come close to a deadly fight with a dinosaur on the way back after capturing Stark—and yet, they'd avoided it because Stark had been able to convince the beast to leave them alone.
He had spent his whole life telling off people who assumed he was weak. In certain ways, he was, he couldn't deny that. He would never win any races of strength or endurance. All too often, running left him breathless, and lifting things too heavy for him sometimes gave him strains, not to mention that he lost every single fight he ended up in. Still, that wasn't going to stop him.
A figure covered in soot and debris struggled up from the rubble in a cloud of dust, coughing more intensely now. To Steve's amazement, although the man's clothes were hanging from him in scorched tatters, the skin that Steve saw underneath seemed just grimy instead of blackened or blistered. If he had burns, they were far less severe than Steve might've expected. His face was as smeared with dirt as the rest of him, obscuring the lines of his dark moustache and beard, making the clear blue of his eyes stand out.
Tony was gazing at Steve with the big brown eyes that were the most striking feature of his youthful face. The height of Steve's frame meant that Tony had to look up to face him, and he did it coyly through his lashes. "Well, I can't promise that I can help you stay grounded, but if you need any assistance in familiarizing yourself with this particular borrowed body, I'm your guy." He ran his forefinger down Steve's front, tracing the edges of the defined muscles that were clearly visible through his skin-tight shirt, and then up again, bringing his hand to rest at the back of Steve's neck.
Behind the counter, the bartender was shaking his head. "Come, now, they're not worth it. Let them go."
Once he got back, Tony was on the floor, under the blanket, his back towards the door and the bed. He wasn't asleep, though, but propped up on one elbow, the glow of his cell phone screen giving his face a sickly bluish cast. He didn't turn to look when Steve entered. Even without any mysterious intuition, it was obvious he didn't want to talk.
There was a smoking dark patch where the back of his chair met the next one, a few sparks lighting up as Steve watched. That had been awfully close, but Tony was okay. Or rather, as okay as he could be.
When the Mayor made an appearance in the training fields beyond the town, a place she very rarely visited, Bucky instantly guessed it would be either good news, or the worst possible. It had to be something big for her to go through the trouble of coming after him herself instead of just sending someone to fetch him.
Steve isn't an uncommon visitor in his nightmares, but this one seems different. More realistic, except for the end.
Rhodey already knows about it, but Tony doesn't want to invite Rhodey over just to do this. Pepper's on the premises already, working upstairs, so Tony sucks it up and asks her.
Not knowing how many their group would number or how long their trip would be, Steve and the others went for excess rather than not enough and collected as much non-perishable food as they could, as well as a selection of medical supplies, in case they would be needed. Steve tried not to dwell too much on what shape they might find Tony in. He had to be all right. Of course he'd be. For all they knew, he might've escaped already and be on his way back, somewhere on the Plains.
Tony made a sound somewhere between a chuckle and a snort, shaking his head at Steve. He didn't actually look amused. "Eventually." He sat upright in his chair and pointed a thumb at himself. "How old do you think this frame is?"
He pulled out of the strutter and sat down on the ground. The machinery was blocking James's line of sight, so he wouldn't instantly notice that Tony had stopped working. He closed his eyes, leaning the back of his head against the structure behind him, and tried to take deep breaths. The air felt too thin, and he couldn't tell if that was just in his head.
There had to be a way out of this. He just needed to come up with one. The problem was, he still hadn't, and the more time passed, the more difficult thinking became.
"There is this ancient thing called death by a thousand cuts," Tony said, the blade trailing over Steve's stomach with just enough pressure that he felt it, not breaking the skin yet. "Think we can make it to one thousand before you black out?"
If Pepper and Steve's first encounter was amicable, his and Rhodey's is the exact opposite. Tony finds them glaring at one another in a Mexican standoff without guns, with deeply suspicious glares and hands clenched in fists.
The drone pushed him into the chair, holding him down with its pincers. Steve brought up his legs and planted his feet against the drone's midriff, trying to push it away from him. That did him no good, either.
"Peggy Carter is gone. She went on the run, and hid from justice for decades, but they got to her in the end, just around ten years ago. Some of your team died as well. A few were sentenced like you. The rest are still missing."
As the worst of the fuzziness in his head started to clear, he remembered something else, scattered memories of being interrogated, of sitting in a room with a woman in a dark suit, perhaps a lawyer, asking him endless questions that were all backwards.
"Plus Pepper, Justin's assorted personnel and drones, and the ones I bring with me," Tony waved a hand at the open air beyond the platform.
"Right. So, for this one, we have to go to the beginning of my adventures. It was 1929, and Rhodey and I were on our first proper expedition in the Andes. Wow, was I young back then, so innocent and so excited, the whole world still unexplored and just waiting for me," Tony started his account, the nostalgia thick in his voice.
"Or you could stay a little longer," Tony said softly, tilting his head upwards to meet Steve's gaze, his eyes sad and vulnerable, looking decades younger than his true age.
Obie, ordering the hit—the shock of hearing those words is so deep that Tony's gasp breaks through the paralysis.
Steve woke up to an extremely familiar feeling of warmth and numbness, his limbs heavy and itchy, like a memory of pins and needles.
His armor quickly grows from a flurry of ideas into an exciting prototype, and he loves everything about it. He can
"Considerably," Tony nodded, turning away from the window to face Steve. "I shot myself. Clean through the node." He mimed placing a gun at his neck with two fingers. "Again, I have no memory of doing that, but it was captured in high definition on security cameras from multiple angles."
"I didn't. Just took apart an android," Tony says. He manages to say it in a neutral, unwavering voice, even though Kamski's absolution doesn't seem to be helping with his guilt. "That's the question I was going on to ask, by the way. I want to figure out what model it was."
The moment their mouths touched, Tony flinched and his eyes flew open. Startled, Steve jumped back, falling onto his haunches.
"As Mr. Rhodes already pointed out, it's obvious you should accept the offer if you wish to minimize the resources expended on this matter," Jarvis replied. "Although one could call the option somewhat unsatisfying."
Steve spat in his face. It was worth it, even though the sudden movement made the tip of the blade pierce his skin. It was only a scratch, anyway. There would be far worse to come.
Jarvis leaned back, crossing his arms. "Not really. He did sound unnerved, and that's saying something. After all the things Tony's seen, he doesn't scare easily."
As they got closer to the shore, the grassy landscape began to change, turning more rocky and cragged. Soon, they were surrounded by impressive cliffs and heard the whisper of waves. The landmark Natasha had described was as easy to find as she'd promised: a trio of rock pillars sticking up from the sea, the middle one over a hundred feet in height. Well-worn tracks leading down to the water showed where generations of visitors had sought the best views.
"I've read plenty of papers about synchronization, and it's not the same for every pair," Tony explained. "This has to qualify for the more intense end of the spectrum."
Once the situation seemed clear, no Northerners following and the retreating group out of sight from Crabb Castle among the bushes and cliffs closer to the shore, Steve picked up his pace to catch up with the head of the pack. He found Natasha guiding Tony and Bucky's steed, and he could guess she was taking them towards the camp. It was still some way to go, though. Steve couldn't wait. He had to know that Tony was okay.
"It doesn't, but let me tell you one thing," Steve says, his gaze locked with Tony's, captivating in its intensity. "For all intents and purposes, he was me. Our hardware and software are identical. And if it had actually been me, I would've willingly given you that regulator and whatever other parts you needed."
"I hadn't forgotten about that," Tony said happily, and stood up. "I remember fucking against the wall was on the list, too, but how about we get rid of the clothes and move to the bed, instead?"
Last night, Tony had been roused from his usual light slumber by Steve's restless movements, and to his confusion, when he'd whispered to ask what was wrong, Steve had mumbled something about wanting to sketch Tony, his voice broken by some distress and despair that Tony couldn't understand. Taking a leap of faith, Tony had invited Steve to hug him instead, and Steve had accepted that offer. He had allowed Tony to wrap his arms around his thin body, trembling as if with cold even though the night was warm, and Tony had held him close like he had wanted on so many other nights.
"Last time was the first time I had sex with someone after the Fountain." Tony glanced up at Steve, looking apologetic. "I mean, sure, I'd experimented on my own, and found out that my refractory period had gone down to something ridiculous, but I had no idea how things would work out with a partner."
He went through the motions of preparing for the day, and drove back to HQ. Even though he was tired, he was also focused: the only thing on his mind was concern for his team, the need to see every member of it safely through this assignment.
Steve wanted to tell him that it would be okay to say if he wasn't, but he knew Tony was even less likely to admit such a thing than Steve was. "Glad to hear that," he said, instead.
"What's the fastest way to get from here to Cornucopia?" Steve asked. He hadn't been to that town yet, but he had memorized the map of the island. The place was in the northwest, more than a hundred miles away from Canyon City, with the Forbidden Mountains and the jungle of the Rainy Basin in between.
It's that look, hopeful but still cautious, that compels Tony to bite down a snide response about how he has plenty of reasons not to trust Steve's promises. "Glad you found time in your schedule," Tony says instead. He thinks it works. Not too mean, but not too sappy, either.
"My anti-aging cream provider would beg to differ," Tony joked, and went to fetch the leg braces so they could start setting them up.
There were enough materials, definitely, but on closer inspection, their quality left a lot to be desired. By the look of things, many of the pieces had been recovered from the bottom of the sea; the metal was corroded, effectively destroying many delicate mechanisms. To build what he was planning out of such poor components would take far longer than he would've liked. He'd just have to keep at it and improvise to the best of his ability when the most obvious solutions failed.
"I didn't," Tony said, with some regret in his voice. "I didn't know if I was guilty or not. All I knew was that it wasn't safe for anyone to be around me. I thought it would be better for me to stay away until I could understand what was going on."
On one hand, he wanted to grab Tony in a hug and say that he felt the same way. On the other, he couldn't bring himself to believe it'd ever work out; it was far more likely to lead to disaster.
Bucky woke a few more times after that, or maybe it was many more. He couldn't keep track, and they were all the same, full of agony and confusion. Still, there was always a next time, and often it wasn't as bad as the previous one. He was getting better.
To Steve's surprise, it turned out he did. "Steve, did you say? You're looking for Tony, aren't you?"
Steve’s lips felt perfect against his, so good, so hot. He wrapped his arms around Steve, pulling him closer, hooking his ankle around Steve’s leg, clinging to him.
Steve replied with a little smile that he wasn't really feeling. "Thanks, but it's okay. It's probably for the best. Just look at us. The lives we lead aren't exactly cut out for stable long-term relationships."
The worst of the conversations is the one with Obie, and not because he's dismayed by the device. It's the opposite. The moment he sees it, his eyes light up with the gleam that says he can smell profit.
"Captain, do you have a moment?" Peggy called out, as if she didn't outrank Steve so that she could just order him to make time. Not that she would've needed to—Steve always had time for her.
Ah, damn. His business associates and PR events and whatever else there might've been on the agenda could go to hell, but he wasn't going to fail Rhodey. Not again. "No. Not that one. How long before it?"
Steve felt his face heating up. He didn't usually talk like this. He guessed he was a little shy. Tony made it sound so easy and natural, like he'd done this a thousand times. He probably had. He was older than Steve—looking at him, it was hard to guess at his age, but considering how long his career had been before the war, he had to be close to forty. Being the socialite and traveler that he was, he must be much more experienced as well.
Now that Tony had given him the low-down, Ultron allowed Steve access to all the material related to the case. He spent the spare time he had before the lunch meeting delving into it: various analyses and eyewitness accounts of the bombing, and videos of what Tony claimed wasn't a suicide. Looking at the events from an outside point of view, it did very much look like one.
Maybe there could've been a way to pull this off without revealing anything to SHIELD. Steve's thoughts had circled back to that often enough, second-guessing what he'd ended up doing, trying to think of other, better solutions. Still, he wasn't regretting that they'd gone with his first plan. They'd already cut it too close and almost lost Tony because of that. It was done now, and they'd deal with the consequences.
Tony, oblivious to Steve's introspection, whooped with joy as they dove, making sharp turns to avoid less adventurous drivers. In spite of all their differences, there were some things the two of them shared, like loving the adrenaline rush of taking risks.
"It's okay," Pepper told him soothingly. "We'll explain everything to you soon. Try not to move too much. Just a little longer and we'll get you where you can rest more comfortably."
"Gentlemen," Pepper said, raising her hand in a wave. She was looking somewhat tired, her clothes dirty after the many days on the road. "Any news?"
Preparing for disappointment, because the Mayor would probably have left her offices for the day, Bucky walked across the castle to her door. The guard was still there. He might be in luck.
Steve looks around, shifts in his seat, folds his arms and unfolds them again, like he doesn't know what to do with them. "I don't know how to describe it. I'm—angry, I think? At Stane for attacking you, at myself for almost letting him kill you, and—maybe afraid? I know you should send me back to CyberLife, because I'm unstable and not fit to work anymore, but I don't want to be shut down."
"Okay, sure. Yeah. Later. I'm going to go now." Tony gave him a miserable look, obviously convinced that the conversation would mean putting an end to their affair.
Tony offered all the Avengers a place to stay at his Tower. Bruce was the only one who took up on it right away. Clint and Natasha already had their living arrangements with SHIELD, and Thor wasn't on Earth right now.
Steve cupped Tony's face with both hands and bent closer to kiss him, closing his eyes and opening his mouth to offer a hint of tongue. Unlike their earlier, more chaste kiss, Tony returned it with enthusiasm, one hand grasping the hair at the back of Steve's head to pull him even closer, his tongue meeting Steve's. Steve thought he tasted different, somehow neutral, almost sterile, with a clone fresh out of a tank. Then again, he couldn't be entirely sure if the difference was in part to do with his own frame.
Staying low, he crossed the track to the shadow of the trees lining it and moved towards where the explosion had gone off, to see if he could figure out what it had been and who'd attacked them—although he was sure he already knew the answer to the second question. The only people on the island who'd ever resort to violence like this were the Northerners.
Since anyone showing up at Tony's hotel too soon after the phone call from Captain America might make him suspect foul play, Steve decided to risk giving it some time. Instead of taking the fastest route to Tony's known location, he drove home over the Brooklyn Bridge.
"I want that too. Right now. I really do. The last thing I want to do is wait. I'm sorry." Tony leaned forwards to press a kiss on the crown of Steve's head. "There's just way too much stuff going through my head. Like I've got first time jitters and old guy performance anxiety at the same time."
Stark was sitting in the corner where the stone walls met, his eyes closed, his head resting against one wall. If not for all the noise the dinosaur was making, Bucky might've thought he was just taking a nap. As he got closer, he could tell Stark wasn't breathing right. Each slow, labored gasp came with a decidedly unhealthy rattle and wheeze, worse than any snoring he'd ever heard.
Tony's fingers dug into Steve's shoulders, his voice turned into a wordless moan, and he came, his cock still between Steve's lips, just like Steve had promised him.
Of course, Tony wasn't like most citizens of the island, and he had always enjoyed crossing the Basin. It reminded him of his travels through many other rainforests, in the Amazon, the Congo and Sumatra. As amazing and beautiful as Dinotopia was, most parts of it were quite safe. Here, like high up in the Forbidden Mountains or in the caves deep beneath Canyon City, one could still find true adventure.
Tony couldn't help feeling a touch of respect towards the Northerners for having made their way through the difficult and dangerous region. He knew they lacked the rest of the Dinotopians' experience of dealing with dinosaurs, which meant they wouldn't have been able to negotiate with the predators, but would've needed to fight them off. It couldn't have been an easy trip. Particularly since he could tell as he walked amidst them, closely watched by the rifle-wielding man behind him, that they weren't used to moving in the jungle. More than once, he saw someone trip and stumble on roots and undergrowth.
"You're not. I can tell," Steve says. Him and his damn super senses. He can probably tell how dehydrated Tony is just by touching his skin. "Come on. Let's go, unless you want me to carry you."
With everything Tony was wearing in a heap on the floor, Steve picks up the closest blanket again and uses it as a towel, drying off Tony's skin all over. It feels deeply wrong to be doing all this with Tony so entirely out of it. He tries to work in a clinical, efficient manner, and he tries not to stare. In spite of himself, his mind briefly strays to inappropriate directions; he'd be lying to himself if he claimed he'd never wondered what Tony looks like beneath his stylish suits and his well-worn band t-shirts. He pushes aside those lines of thought by focusing on scars: not just the obvious circular one where the arc reactor used to be, but countless others as well. Some of those might be the result of their fight back in Siberia.
Technically, the only reasons anyone was allowed to access the database outside of routine matching runs were troubleshooting and research. Then again, he wasn't actually planning on doing anything illegal. If Steve had given permission to include his information in the database for matching purposes, it would get tested against every new database entry. Tony was just going to run yet another round of testing.
"You don't know that," Steve says, LED cycling to red, then to yellow, where it stays, again. His processors must be burning hot enough to fry eggs on. "I've kept things from you."
It went on until Steve thought his whole body must be an open wound, every square centimeter covered in blood, his mind starting to fade with the loss of it. He welcomed that. He had no need to fight unconsciousness.
"You did, but maybe you didn't consider all the options," Steve said, running his hand soothingly down Tony's spine. "You don't have to deal with this on your own, not anymore. I know people who can help."
It's not that he doesn't trust Obie, but he knows that if Obie realizes the full potential of what Tony's built, he's not going to let it slide past his fingers.
The last suggestion comes with half a smirk. Tony rolls his eyes at it, but he does sit down. "Coffee is fine, thanks."
Neutral ground. Tony can guess where this is going, and he can't help but roll his eyes. "Come on, Rogers. You want to go back there? Seriously?"
"You need to make it through this, because I need to make things right. See, even if you hate me—and considering everything that's happened, I understand if you do—I've never hated you," Steve continues, his hand lingering on top of Tony's head. "I still don't. I missed you, and I know things probably can't go back to the way they were, but I can't stand the way they are now. Just looking at what happened here, these past few days—I think it's obvious we'd be better off if we could work through our differences."
“I was about to tell you that your blood tests came back clean, but I guess I should have them re-checked, huh?” Bruce said, his hand on his chin.
"Steve Rogers, as I live and breathe," Tony exclaimed, and pulled Steve to a hug, patting him on the back.
Tony sat up, one hand fondling his cock with light, tentative touches as he watched Steve undress. Steve couldn't resist doing the same, taking hold of his shaft for a few strokes, showing off for Tony.
At the inn, the familiar receptionist was back, and when Steve asked him for a shot of bourbon, he squinted at Steve, looking more alert than Steve had ever seen him. "You were here the other night, weren't you?" he asked while pouring the drink. "Are you Steve?"
He's been feeling more and more uneasy around Obie, recently. He's come to realize that after his captivity, the way they see the world is fundamentally different, and that he doesn't want to see things like Obie does. Still, he's tried to shrug off the unease, because Obie is the closest thing to family he has left. Seems like that may have been a mistake.
"We were trying to free you! We were going to get you out after the shoot-out at the 201, after we'd killed Stane, but you had to go and save him," Pepper said, giving him an accusing glare. "And we were going to attempt it again earlier today, but you went missing for most of the day and wouldn't answer my calls. Which left us with the improvised operation tonight once I'd realized what Stane was doing to you."
"I was too busy worrying you might die," Steve says. "I'd recognized the CyberLife parts earlier, of course, but you clearly didn't want me to see it, so I tried not to look."
He'd kept his enhanced frame stored away in a stasis box in case he ever needed it. In fact, he was sure he would, because some of the battles that awaited them couldn't be fought through messages, veiled threats and legalese.
Something Tony realized early on was that there'd be some serious cognitive dissonance involved if he went around alternatively posing in armor and waving a pink flag for soulmate pride. Iron Man was very much one of the good guys and certainly supported peace, love and happiness in all shapes and forms, but he did also make stuff blow up a lot. Iron Man wasn't the ideal poster boy for Stark Industries' new Amoromics division—another neologism that had become common use and that Tony struggled to pronounce with a straight face. Tony had already gone and told the world he was Iron Man, and couldn't take that back even if he wanted to. Besides, he didn't want to. He loved being Iron Man.
"If you don't feel like it, just tell me," Steve told him, and rolled over to face him. "You don't need to be here just for me."
When Steve catches him having a nightmare, probably alerted by JARVIS, and asks if there's anything he can do to help, Tony yells at him to go away, his voice high and thin in his ears. Just seeing that perfect synthetic face makes everything a thousand times worse; he can't escape the memories of how it looked damaged, dead, without its skin, split open.
He wondered if things would've turned out differently if he'd reciprocated Tony's feelings that night, but that was probably exaggerating his influence on Tony by a mile. Whatever had made Tony the way he was today, surely it wasn't just being turned down by Steve that night; last night, eighty-five years ago.
"I knew that," Steve said. They'd been counting on it for some parts of their unsuccessful plan, after all. The idea of getting it on next door to the frame transfer room still felt like some kind of transgression, but maybe that'd give it an edge of added excitement. As if they'd need one.
He had thought he would be forever pining in secret, but in this quiet, hazy morning, he'd woken up with a spark of hope glimmering inside his damaged heart.
Tony's shoes are coated in mud and as wet as the rest of him. Getting rid of them and his equally wet and shabby socks reveals the damage done by miles and miles of walking in inappropriate footwear. Steve can only imagine how painful the many blisters must have been, and he's convinced that the only reason the skin doesn't look red and inflamed is that there's barely any circulation left in Tony's extremities.
"At first I had no idea what had happened, but when we got out of the car to check the damage, we found ourselves surrounded by bandits. It was an ambush; they'd shot the tires to stop us, and now they wanted everything we had. But we were armed, and we weren't just going to surrender without a fight. We took shelter behind the Jeep, and soon found ourselves in a proper shootout. It might've continued for a long time if not for that one lucky shot. It happened during one of the times when I stood up to return fire, and it caught me right here." Tony rapped the protective metal plate close to Steve's fingers.
It would've been nice to be able to convince himself that, like Pepper had suggested, there was some type of mind control afoot here, and Steve had been affected by it as well. That he'd done what he'd done under the influence of some magical mysterious artifact. He knew he hadn't, though. He'd been in full possession of his faculties. The only things that'd influenced him had been Tony's charm and his own loneliness. He'd made all his choices himself.
"I will, I will," Steve promised, placing one hand on top of Tony's head, burying his fingers in the unruly dark hair. "It's good. It's different, but good. Go on."
Steve swore under his breath. Everything had been going so well so far. It hadn't crossed their minds that the Northerners might be so paranoid as to have doors that couldn't be opened from the outside at all.
Steve sits down next to him. "Tony. You're injured." His fingers trace the edges of a bruise on Tony's forehead. "Let me take a look? I'm certified for field first-aid."
"Yeah. Woke up in some generic tropical beach scene. Not really my thing," Tony said, his voice sounding steadier, though somewhat distracted. "They asked me what I wanted, and this was the first thing that came to mind. I've missed space. A lot of people might find that weird, but I've always enjoyed traveling. You know, physically, in person. When I get out of here and we've got everything sorted out, I think I'd like to do a little tour. See how everything's changed."
"They know you're a threat, too," Steve said. He reciprocated Tony's gesture by placing his hand on Tony's hip. "Whatever you do, you'll have to be careful. They'll be constantly looking for any opportunity to get rid of you."
Now that he looked at her more closely, he realized she wasn't wearing the business attire he'd always seen her in, but black fatigues identical to Barton's. She held out a hologram badge, also similar to Barton's. "Detective Natasha Romanoff, NYPD. We just want to talk. After that, you can decide for yourself what you want to do next."
The door wasn't locked. As he opened it and stepped into the dimly lit space beyond, he found himself wishing he'd brought a gun. He hadn't. He didn't walk around packing heat. Not anymore, now that the war was over. He'd seen enough shooting and killing to last a lifetime. Whatever was going on here, today, he was going to sort it out using his wits and his words.
