After a couple of minutes, he pushes himself back up to an upright position, squeezing his eyes shut as the sensation of boiling blood rushes into his brain, filling it until it throbs even more. Fuck.
“And you shouldn’t feel like you have a right to Tony’s love because he’s carrying your child! Your child is a
I have no fucking idea what that first part was about with the team and Tony in the kitchen. I just wanted to tie off that whole thing because I did not think ahead!! Also quick clarification: Neither Tony nor Bucky knows that the Winter Soldier killed Howard and Maria Stark.
The last is of Tony, him, and Pepper, at the only social event Tony and Pepper ever convinced him to attend. His expression is the absolute picture of disgruntled, and though Rhodey can’t remember the exact thoughts he was having in that moment of time, he can imagine it has something to do with being shoved into a monkey suit. Pepper’s stunning as always in a stunning red gown that drapes off her shoulder, and she’s clearly holding in a laugh like the gorgeous man next to her, probably at Rhodey’s antics.
“You want to explain yourself?” Rhodey asks, and there’s barely controlled anger behind his words, anger that is kept in check only by the respect he has for Tony.
“Not the best,” Tony admits grudgingly, frowning, “but, I mean, we don’t fight or passive-aggressively ignore one another or anything. Why? Bucky, what the hell did you do?” Tony asks with growing alarm as Bucky winces.
With a little bit of coaxing and the assurance that she’s heard it all before, he carefully tells her that he doesn’t go up on the roof anymore because he’s worried he might jump. The fact that he recognizes he’s not stable in that sense, she explains to him, is a step in the right direction.
“Nah, he won’t be mad. And, you know what? If he is mad, he can always just paint over it and ask Natasha to put some more flowers there.” Bucky sighs. “Steve, you’re killing yourself with all this distance shit. You miss him, and I know he misses you, on some twisted level, so just start, you know…”
There. There’s the Winter Soldier. Right outside of his workshop. He startles to his feet, ordering JARVIS to open the door.
He remembers Tony being the first person that truly gets to him. He had gone and saw Peggy, and in her old and weathered state she was more like a photograph or memory coming to life than an actual person he knew, and Steve had hated himself for feeling that way for hours afterwards.
Bucky watches quietly as Tony rambles on about stuffed animals and the painting that has already been done, the rocking chair he’s rigged (
“Sure thing,” she answers easily. “Would you just like the whole lemon?” she asks, and it’s clear she’s trying for a joke, but Bucky brightens.
Bucky traces his eyes lightly over Tony’s features, the brown eyes lit up by excitement for the nursery, the expressive hand gestures that somehow give Bucky a perfect picture of what he’s explaining, the smile in his features, the clear happiness and safety this project has clearly brought to him, and the whole thing just seems so… endearing.
Bucky’s heart clenches at the obvious lie, but he doesn’t call the other man out on it. He knows a little something about other people thinking they know what’s best for him and how frustrating that can be. He isn’t going to do the same to Tony. But where there was furious emotion before, now there’s just emptiness, lined with sympathy for help Tony won’t even ask for.
“Can we ask Fury? The other Avengers? Put an ad in the paper?” Good Christ, if Steve’s already campaigning to put a monochrome picture in the newspaper he really is getting desperate.
They’re back in the tower, Eva being questioned in another room by Fury, the rest of the Avengers having disappeared by now. Steve stayed behind, however, to corner a very reluctant Tony.
“He doesn’t like a lot of things,” Tony mutters, rubbing his stomach almost unconsciously. He clears his throat and looks back at Bucky. “You like cars that go boom, Terminator?” he asks and the corner of his mouth twitches slightly like he’s just said something funny.
“Ah, shit,” Bucky swears, and tries the door handle. To his surprise, it’s open, so he creeps forwards uncertainly, noticing at once how none of the lights are on.
One time, he had walked down to Tony’s lab to ask about a tear in his suit, wondering if he would be mad if Steve just mended it himself, when he saw the two men in Tony’s workshop. They were clearly arguing with him, asking for something, and Tony was just smiling at them. Tony was smiling at them with his stupid self-deprecating grin, where his eyes would crinkle at the corners charmingly but the light would disappear from within them. The one that clearly conveyed that no matter how much anyone else might hate him, they’d never hate him more than he hated himself.
“The poison was meant to drip into you slowly, and then all at once, and from what I’ve managed to extract from Cap, that’s what’s been happening. Frankly, it’s a bit of a miracle you survived that high of a dosage, but uh, for the record, I’m glad you did,” Tony says, rubbing the back of his neck and looking away. Bucky feels something warm and soft curl around his heart, but he keeps silent as Tony takes it upon himself to blather on.
Steve’s hands are splayed at his back, running desperately up and down his sides, his fingertips catching lightly on the fabric of Tony’s shirt. His hands are strong and calloused from swinging his shield around, and
Tony’s right: something should’ve broken a long time ago with that kind of strain in those places. Horror rises in Bucky’s gut, but he clamps down on it, knowing it won’t do any good. Tony’s going to do the best he can with what he has, and Bucky has to trust him.
His heart’s racing faster than it ever has, beating a tattoo against his ribcage, and Steve wants nothing more than to release the sob building in his throat, but dammit, he’s stronger than that.
He drew and drew and drew and poured his heart out doing it, every emotion he ever had about his subject clearly depicted on the page for anyone to decipher. He should have known his safety wouldn’t last.
“Thanks for getting me one–” oh. Oh God. Nausea swells like the tide within him, and he gags, turning away from Clint.
Trouble is, there aren’t any. He isn’t in the 1930s anymore, in a rundown apartment building in Brooklyn, where the walls are thinner than paper and the spiders in abundance. There’s no Steve next to him to conserve body heat, no peeling wallpaper, no grimy window with a raggedy curtain that’s hanging from the rod by a thread.
Neither of them smile. “No, Tony,” Bucky finally breathes out in a huff. “We can’t keep doing this. I love you,” he says firmly, and Tony suppresses a shiver from the sheer weight of the words and gaze. “But we… moved a little fast, and I sort of forgot I was still in love with Steve too?” He winces.
“You’re telling me you went through all that pain and didn’t think you were dying? Christ, Bucky, what did they do to you?” Tony asks incredulously.
Bucky’s eyes are fierce as they meet his, and any excuses or further pleas die on Steve’s tongue, quelled by the stormy grey eyes pinning his own. Bucky can see right through him, right through the bullshit, and Steve’s never hated him nor loved him more than in that moment, because dammit, sometimes even America’s golden boy needed to be reminded he wasn’t all that.
As Tony leads a grinning Bucky by the hand to the draped blue fabric. He can feel the insecure statements building up behind his lips, ready to bubble out in choruses of
Then he keeps laughing hysterically, because of all the people he expected to be leaving him now, Bucky was the last one. Sure, Bucky had left him before, and okay, maybe Tony had been worried he was going to a couple of weeks ago, but now? Never.
Growing up, Howard had often told him stories of Bucky, referring to him as “one of the best goddamned snipers the army had ever seen”. Ten-year-old Tony had, of course, thought that quality particularly admirable, and had often asked what the extent of Captain America’s best friend’s abilities were.
Steve nods, and pushes away the apple and tea. “Go away,” he mumbles, shifting back down the bed. “Just let me sleep, Buck.”
After a minute or two, he can hear the hiss of water starting and figures he should go find some new clothes for him. The other clothes the Soldier had been wearing looked ripped and torn and had fit very poorly, and clearly were in dire need of a wash. He roots through the pile of clothing he keeps in the workshop for accidents, looking for the biggest shirt and sweatpants he can find.
“I don’t want to be so… unapproachable, ya know?” he tells Steve, looking down at his hands, which are trembling very slightly. That surprises him. His hands have never shaken before, not even when he was putting bullets through people’s heads through the vision of a scope. “I don’t know why I’m telling you this, really. I don’t know why I’m saying anything at all,” he admits, feeling childish.
From the end of a long tunnel, he hears that the test is positive. He finds himself nodding, and lets the doctor direct him through new tests, this time to make sure he and his baby are healthy.
There’s a cloud of amber in Bucky’s mug, and he recognizes that it needs at least another minute before he can stir it and take out the teabag, so he puts the cup down gently on the coffee table between them.
Bucky shakes his head and unwinds himself, getting up and stretching. The walk to Steve’s room seems shorter than it ever has, and it feels like no time’s passed at all when he finally arrives.
Tony was only three months out from giving birth, entering his third and final trimester, and sometimes Bucky could almost smell the nervousness radiating off of him. The light quickening he’d just barely felt from Tony’s unborn daughter had erupted into whole movements, and it wasn’t uncommon for Tony to wince suddenly in the middle of a conversation, or rub a hand soothingly over his stomach with a crease between his eyebrows when a tiny foot struck his insides a little too hard.
“Tony,” Bucky says gently, hooking his fingers under the other man’s chin to tilt his head up. “What’s that face for?”
“Okay.” Tony should have known. Of course, he wouldn’t go alone. Of course, he wouldn’t ask Tony. Who would?
He awkwardly leans back and grabs both of Steve’s hands, draping them over himself. “Can you hold me like this? Just for a little while? Would that make you feel better?” Tony’s talking to him like a child, and he knows that they can both tell. He’s worried that this will make Steve draw away, wary of the patronization, because Captain America isn’t the kind of man to be coddled and told everything’s going to be okay. Then again, these last few months, Tony isn’t sure.
He rereads the email, cringing at the impersonal words. He and Pepper split a couple of months ago, and they seemed to have opposite reactions to it. It had affected Tony a lot in the beginning, and it was a struggle to even look over papers with her signature, but he’d told himself to be a grown man, and get over it. She’s the opposite: alright in the beginning, but it’s five months later and she still takes a couple of days to answer emails that aren’t about work.
Tony sighs, and spends the rest of the hour reading through and answering work emails, because dammit, all these thoughts of Pepper have been rubbing off on him.
“That’s true,” Tony agrees, “but I think you’re lying. I think you’re waiting until our backs are turned before you jump some poor girl.”
“I think you’re just a flirt,” Tony whispers back, and he’s clearly aiming for his usual charm, but misses by about a mile, as his voice comes out a little breathy.
Tony smiles, the crow’s feet at the corner of his eyes crinkling. “I work fast. Do you want to see it or not? I can’t call you Terminator or Robocop until it’s attached again.”
Natasha scowls at him, but it’s Clint who has the first word. “Dude, what the fuck,” he says eloquently, and with feeling.
Oh. Well. He hadn’t noticed, too focused on the giant robot. He had a feeling saying that wouldn’t go over very well, however.
This upsets the cup and its contents, sending creamy liquid spilling across the table and ruining the newspaper Steve had flattened out on the table to read. Steve jumps as Bucky yells, “fuck!”
“So,” Tony starts, hating the thick haze of tension in the air, more overwhelming than the copious amounts of steam filling the small room. “Come here often?”
It’s not clear what the pain is for, but the reason for the horror is all too obvious: he deeply regrets what he just did and wishes he could take it back, and isn’t that just a warm and fuzzy feeling around Tony’s heart?
Tony groans, but stands up, letting the suit reform around his body. Bruce had said that he didn’t need to dispose of the suit, only give it a thorough washing, and the force of the wave of relief that overtakes him could have swept away a whole city.
, he can feel the Winter Soldier stirring, wanting to peek over his shoulder and see his new directions, his new mission.
“It’s a temporary form of IED,” she explains. “It took what? A year to be triggered? That’ll probably be the amount of time it takes the heal again. I’m sorry, but I really can’t offer you much beyond that.”
Tony pulls out his phone and types in some things, finally angling it to show Steve a glowing blue dot on a map, somewhere in Brooklyn.
Tony smiles back, and then catches sight of Bucky’s metal hand, now resting on the man’s thigh. He nearly moans from imagining it sliding up and down his cock, cool metal scales rippling up and down sensitive skin.
Steve clenches his jaw at that and turns around to yank open the door to the showers giving– yes, fantastic–Tony a perfect view of his ass. And what an ass it is.
In the comics, they’d always painted Bucky Barnes to be some sort of sidekick to Captain America, the best friend who tagged along.
that if he had bothered to try to pry them apart, even a little bit, he would have found a genuinely good person under its shell, someone who was just trying to make up for the mistakes of himself and those before him and do the next right thing.
this,” he says, and Bucky nods in agreement. “Is this one of those little red raccoon things they have at the zoo?”
“God, Tony,” Steve says, and he sounds resigned as if all he wants is to be somewhere else. “Does everything with you have to be about
One of the sketches looks a little different than the others, however. He can see the rounded edge of something drawn on the page poking out beneath another paper, and he tugs it out from underneath. It’s of the Captain America suit, and instead of calculations scribbled all over it like the other, blockier schematics, measurements and costs are written in dark columns down the sides.
Tony grins a wicked smile with too many teeth, a positively feral expression on his face, ignoring the small twinge that comes from the command and the zero fondness or affection it holds. “For you, baby, there’s always time.” He winks gaudily and salutes lazily, watching him with sharp eyes for some kind of reaction.
Hurt flashes through Steve’s eyes, but he doesn’t budge. “You need sleep in a real bed,” he insists, and Tony grinds his teeth together.
Bucky shrieks, trying valiantly to pull his feet from Steve’s grasp, but Steve’s hands are too tight and his strength is weakened as he cackles, breathless laughter echoing throughout the room. “No, no Steve!” he gasps, throwing his head back and laughing uncontrollably as Steve reaches up one hand to tickle the back of his knee, causing Bucky’s whole leg to jerk.
Tony looks at him then, shock written clearly on his face, and Bucky panics for a single boiling moment, and he wants to take the words back oh God oh God, but Tony doesn’t reject him. Instead, he laughs slightly breathlessly and buries his head back into Bucky’s chest briefly before tilting his head back up again.
Thor studies him, a grin breaking across his face. “I offer my congratulations, Man of Iron, but I cannot but help and wonder who the father is?”
He’s angry and tired, and he wants nothing more than to curl up into a ball and sleep. He fights the urge, however, because there’s something he needs to do first.
He has no fucking idea what to do with the pile of ripped page, but after some deliberation just decides to sweep the lot into the drawer in his bedside table to deal with another day when he’s not drowning in his own thoughts.
Tony huffs a little. “The man gets two boyfriends and all of the sudden he thinks he’s their babysitter, huh?”
He doesn’t retaliate, however, and that makes Bucky, if possible, even madder. He feels more and more detached from his body as he grows angrier, however. He’s losing control, fast, and he doesn’t know how to stop.
Statistically, it should only be a matter of time before they ran into each other, yet they never have. It was probably on purpose, Bucky reasons, and his temper flares a little at the thought of Steve making himself the victim here.
“We should have left,” Tony grumbles, leaning against a wall and letting go of Bucky’s hand before sliding down to the floor and cradling his head in his elbows. “Fucking hell, did you see him just
Tony’s fingers worked feverishly across the keyboard, flying across the keys as fast as he could possibly make them go. Steve, behind him, is wearing a groove into the floor of the workshop, running fingers through his hair and breathing harshly.
Steve nods. “Okay,” he whispers, and clears his throat slightly. “Just so you know, I’m going to therapy now, and I’m on medication. I’m getting help, and Bucky is too, and I won’t let any harm come to her, I promise.”
, he’d almost given up right then and there. The amount of guilt that came with losing your child was astronomical, and sometimes Steve lay in bed just swamped in it, crying himself to sleep.
But he still couldn’t help but let his mind wander to times in the future where maybe he did let himself feel like this, did let himself be drawn into the magnet that is Tony Stark. It had felt like cheating on Bucky, to imagine him being the one to offer Tony his coffee in the mornings, let the other man curl up against his chest as he sipped the steaming liquid, to imagine hitching a ride on Iron Man to get back home from a mission instead of taking the quinjet, to imagine slipping his hand into another, slightly smaller and more calloused, hand.
“Not much,” Bucky admits. “I just remember trying to convince you to tell people you liked men. Think I was tired of hiding.”
Bucky shakes his head, feeling as though his heart is splintering into hundreds of tiny pieces. Vaguely, he wonders if Tony will make him a prosthetic for it, or an arc reactor, something his boyfriend showed him the other day.
“No,” Tony says quickly, forcing himself not to quail under the scrutiny. “No jokes, promise. It really is him.”
Sometimes Tony wondered if the baby was as much as Bucky’s as it was his, or Steve’s, for that matter. He’d pulled that card because he was the one with the actual human inside him, but in reality, he couldn’t really say he’d actually wanted it. Neither had Steve, of course, a fact he definitely demonstrated by not telling Tony about it in the first place and then fucking off to go find another man.
He hurries to catch up with Steve’s long stride and falls in step beside him. He doesn’t ask where they’re going, and Steve doesn’t tell him. They walk in comfortable silence, their elbows brushing lightly as they go, hands tucked in their coats. They stop at a small Italian place and Steve looks at him sheepishly, asking if he can order for Bucky.
,” he says, his voice cracking and lets a single sob slip out before he clamps his mouth shut against any more. He will
“Hey, are you okay?” Tony asks, and Steve swallows heavily, but doesn’t say anything, doesn't look up. Belatedly, Tony realizes Steve’s breathing is slightly ragged, and when he approaches the bed to take a closer look, the light filtering through the window glitters on two silver tear tracks running in straight lines down his face.
“Steve, what?” Bucky feels as though someone’s thrown him into a lake without teaching him how to swim. “What the hell is wrong with you?”
Tony doing something at one of the lit tables, the sleeves of his work shirt rolled up. It seems unusual that Tony’s not working in a wifebeater, but maybe things have changed since he started dating Bucky.
Steve nods uncertainly, but Bucky can see relief in his eyes warring with the desire to stay. He leaves, however, with a crease between his eyebrows and a glance Bucky can’t decipher for Tony, who’s pointedly not looking at him.
Still, Steve had to stop being a coward at one point or another. So he clenched the damn thing in his hands and gritted his teeth, pulling the yellow sketchbook toward himself and opening it to a random page. He started with circles and various geometric shapes, warming up his hand, before he grew tired of it and shut the book, closing his eyes and taking a deep breath, before grabbing another book.
When he looks up, Tony has a thoughtful expression on his face and looks slightly troubled. Bucky raises his eyebrows, and Tony smiles when he sees them. “Anythin’ I can help you with?” Bucky grunts, and any cloud that was hanging over the other man darkens before fleeing, leaving him smiling once again, albeit slightly more wickedly.
Tony shakes his head, smiling. “That sounds like quite the hardship, but no.” He turns to look at Bucky and winks, before bending down and opening a cabinet and pulling out a large object wrapped in blue fire-retardant fabric.
Steve finds himself in front of his bedroom door, his hand on the doorknob. He’s not sure when he entered his and Bucky’s floor, but now that he’s here, it’s surprisingly easy to let himself in and cross the sparse room to his bedside table where there’s a locked drawer. He unhooks the key from where it hung behind his headboard and wiggles it into the lock, pulling it open and revealing half a dozen sketchbooks.
Tony takes several deep breaths again, knowing that if he passes out or throws up, it would only add to their problems.
“However you want to be, baby,” Tony says with a wink, then groans. “Shit, I’m so sorry. I haven’t gotten laid in, like, four months. I can’t control myself.”
“Iron Man? Why do we have a private connection? This is not the time for jokes,” Steve snaps, and Tony can see him a couple of hundred feet away, slamming two doombots together. Tony takes a moment to appreciate how his arm muscles bunch up as he does so, and nearly forgets to answer.
Rhodey recognizes the flash of anger that crosses his features. “No,” he forces out, “this is none of your business. I understand that Tony is your best friend, but this was my mistake, and definitely not your battle. Good day, Colonel,” he says, and swiftly leaves, disappearing from sight.
Tony’s not ashamed to admit he gets a little choked up at hearing his oldest friend’s voice. “Platypus,” he breathes. “Oh, God, Rhodey I miss you so much.”
He grits his teeth and forces himself to answer Tony. “I don’t feel a lot of pain,” he says, feeling the beginnings of a headache forming. That’s false, of course. He’s always had a low pain threshold, and no amount of experimenting could cure him from that.
“No.” Steve shakes his head and looks up and his best friend, and fuck, his eyes are red with tears.
,” he mocks, leaning over and picking up the red sketchbook from the floor, almost tearing it open to the page of Tony slammed against the wall, a moan dangling from the man’s lips that’s nearly audible from the page.
He turns back around, subtly moving his arms over his chest to hide his scarring, and feels his jaw go slack a little when he turns around because Steve?
There’s a little relief when his metal arm thumps down onto the table heavily, disconnected from his shoulder stump, but it’s short-lived. He hears voices above him speaking rapidly, and he’s suddenly roughly turned onto his side, his left shoulder blade bared.
“All day, but I usually only lose it at breakfast.” A thought’s starting to tickle the back of his mind and he forces it away aggressively because no, it can’t be.
Steve shakes his head, his hair brushing Tony’s ears. “You didn’t see me the other day,” he whispers, and Tony frowns, his eyebrows creasing.
it means so so much to me that you guys gave me this to work with, and to those of you who commented but I didn't use your suggestion, I'm really sorry, but they were also lovely!
Steve swallowed heavily, and fought down the urge to get up and shake Bucky until he explained everything. There was a tide of hope rising within him, frothing and foaming at the edges, for several reasons. First, if the military found out, they’d surely discharge him or send him on less-critical missions, something that would either send him home to where Steve was confined, or put him out of danger. Second, being queer, or partly queer, meant Bucky would probably stop trying to set them up on double dates with girls whenever he came home. And third… if he was gay… and Steve…
Steve works his jaw around, trying to figure out to answer. “It was I think you’re brilliant and amazing but I feel like the love of my life died yesterday so I hate myself for feeling this way sex,” he says finally, and despite himself, Bucky snorts.
He turns to see a haggard-looking Tony yawning as he enters the kitchen, one hand brought up to hide his gaping mouth.
He decides to take a shower instead of dressing immediately, letting out a soft sigh of contentment as the warm spray hits his skin. He washes his body first, before looking down in confusion at two bottles in the corner. He bends down and picks them up, frowning at the cartoon oranges decorating one white bottle, and the green limes decorating the other.
“Beautiful, isn’t it?” Tony murmurs behind him. It’s the next day after Steve rushed him to the workshop and Tony ripped his metal arm out of his socket, a memory that is sure to remain in Bucky’s damaged mind forever.
He hums a rhythm-less tune as he takes the stairs down to the kitchen to get a banana before he leaves for his run, or maybe a bit of toast. He hears voices as he nears the communal area, and he grins a little. Maybe Bruce or Sam is making breakfast. His stomach sours at another thought. Or maybe Clint is… he shudders. He’ll never forget the taste of burnt scrambled eggs doused in honey, a delicacy Clint swears by and Natasha swears at.
“Do you have a picture?” he finally offers, and Tony nods before fishing through his pocket and pulling out a glossy black and white photo.
he screams. Bucky clenches his jaw so hard he’s relieved he doesn’t crack a tooth. He has no idea how they got to this point, or why Steve is suddenly so worked up, but Steve isn’t finished.
” he asks, holding up the sketchbook open to the page of Tony being pounded into the wall. He holds it in his metal hand tightly because his real one is shaking too hard for the picture to be visible.
The halls are dimly lit and he moves through them quickly, trusting his internal map of the place to get him to his destination safely. One thing he doesn’t anticipate, however, is the other person at the end of the hall.
“You weren’t pregnant, then,” Steve reminds him softly, making Tony flinch, his system flooding with guilt. As much as he might be loath to admit it, Steve and Jarvis were right. Staying up this long and putting unnecessary strain on his body wasn’t good for him or the baby, and Bucky would have been horrified if he had been here.
That thought saddens him slightly, and he suddenly wants to promise Tony that he’ll never, ever, for as long as he lives, hold the perfect little girl he’s bringing to the world. He wants to promise that his hands, hands that have caused nothing but destruction for as long as he’s had them, will never touch a creature so pure. He doesn’t though, because neither of them need that said out loud right now.
The idea of sitting down seems like something he should be protesting fiercely, but all he can muster up is crushing relief at the idea of getting to settle his bones. Clint half walks, half drags them to a sleek black car waiting at a street corner, opening the back door and carefully settling him in before buckling up in the front seat.
“No…?” Steve had answered cautiously, now worried that he was missing something here. Was this something people did all the time? Something he should have known about? But then again, a second ago Bucky had been begging him not to tell anyone about what he had been doing, so… where did that leave this mysterious action? And dammit, what exactly
A couple minutes later finds Bucky collapsed on the bedspread with Steve lying on top of him, Bucky groaning about how fat Steve is getting. Steve just grins dopily and rolls off of him with an “oof”.
If these were tucked away, these memories of friendly nicknames, how many were there? Bucky could never identify the gaps in his memory, and yet, new ones seemed to emerge all the time. He can’t help but wonder,
After spending his time in the van all curled up and then sitting in the same position in the train, Bucky walks out onto the subway platform with his thighs and knees protesting with every step. His fatigue is starting to really catch up with him, so he pinches his thigh, hard, trying to wake himself up. He knows he’s in Brooklyn, now, and should probably be looking for a map or something, but his stomach growls, telling him there are other things he needs to take care of, first. He eats the extra burrito, now cold and soggy but still delicious, and tries to decide where to go.
This is yet another food he feels he should recognize easily, as well as the language they’re speaking. He knows the name, he does, but it’s hovering on the tip of his tongue, unwilling to come to mind.
At one point Bruce finishes, and both Steve and Bucky let out a breath they didn’t know they were holding. Steve slumps into Bucky’s grasp as the other man slowly shifts off him, and Bruce gently wraps his hands with white gauze, even though the freshly opened skin was already closing, the bright red blood clotting.
They stared at each other for a few silent seconds, before suddenly something broke, and Bucky was suddenly tucking himself away as fast as he could and drawing the sheet across his waist as he scrambled up to sit against the wall. The sheet tented very slightly around his groin, and Steve stared at it, wondering what on earth was happening.
Steve’s already climbing up a rickety fire escape on the side of a building, and Bucky hurries to catch up. Maybe three stories later, they finally reach the roof.
Bucky nods uncomfortably, unsure of what to say in response. Probably thank you, but then he would seem like he was expecting the compliment. He settles instead for muttering, “You do, too.” He does, in a blue shirt that seems painted on and a worn brown jacket, and tight jeans that hug his hips.
“Takin’ the Lord’s name in vain a little casually, don’t ya think?” Bucky asks casually, but can’t keep the corner of his mouth twitching when Tony looks down at him, a worried and apologetic expression on his face. “Jus’ kidding,” he says, laughing a little. “If you’re not swearing, I’m not doing it right.”
Bucky laughs a little, raking a hand jerkingly through his hair. “Yeah, okay,” he says, and he sounds like he’s trying to convince himself of something. “Don’t do anything with the information that my boyfriend was knocked up by my old boyfriend–” Steve twitches at the title, but Bucky couldn’t give less shits, “–and neither of them were planning on telling me, leading me to believe it was some shitty one night stand Tony was never going to see again.”
“It tried to kill you, is what’s wrong with it,” Steve says in front of him, and Bucky whips his head back around so fast he almost gets a crick in his neck. Christ, he’d forgotten he was there.
Tony closes his eyes and lets his head fall back against the wall with a quiet thump. “Yes,” he says quietly.
He asks Bucky what he needs, in english, and Bucky answers that he needs to get to Manhattan. The man grins, and tells him he’s a couple hundred miles out, but there’s a train that can take him as far as Brooklyn. Bucky says that’s fine, and if he could please direct him in the direction of the train station, and also whether he’d lend him some money.
He freezes. Turns around slowly. Looks at her. Swallows heavily. There’s no one else in the room, but it’s with a great amount of hesitancy that he lifts his shirt and cautiously peers down at his stomach.
A swell of relief washes over Tony because thank goodness it’s the night. Otherwise, there’d be people in the cars, and he really didn’t want to test the corrosiveness of the white goo.
Bucky is slumped against the wall, tears running down his face as he heaves out sobs, his arms clamped tightly around a nearly unconscious Steve, who’s making funny twitching motions and keeps gasping, trying to mutter some sort of phrase over and over. They’re clinging to each other as if they’re each other's last hopes, and the scent of blood and vomit is thick in the room.
“Tony, that means you too. You got a lot over your suit, and I don’t want to find out the hard way that some of it slipped through the cracks in the armor.”
Steve comes down to the workshop two hours later like he said he wouldn’t, the mangled remains of something small and black in his hand.
Tony does not, in fact, get any sleep. At least not right away. More pressing is his rumbling stomach, already being lanced through with flashes of hunger pains. Damn the second human inside him needing food, too.
His second mistake is continuing to turn the pages, continuing to live out his worst memories and fears in lifelike drawings. Dammit it all to hell, he
Bucky is suddenly pulled away from the warmth of Steve’s chest and set down on an unrelentingly hard surface, and he very nearly whines, wanting the comfort of Steve back.
The music lowers in volume, but he still doesn’t notice the presence behind him until a hand lightly taps him on the shoulder. He grabs the hand and has it twisted behind Tony’s back and above his head, Tony’s face smashed against the table before he realizes what’s happening.
Besides, he’s not that person anymore. Bucky refuses to be the Winter Soldier. He can still feel him peeking over his shoulder, providing a sinister voice of reason that insists killing people will solve everything, but he’s come too far to listen to that voice or, God forbid, let it take over.
“No. I’m not in love with him. I never was.” Steve’s voice doesn’t waver a single bit, and Bucky can’t help but be grudgingly impressed.
“Of course,” Steve says, and he reaches out a hand to place on Tony’s arm as the other man stands up. “Thank you,” he says, all Captain fucking Earnestness, and Tony can’t help but give him a tiny grin.
Bucky had leapt up and pressed his back against the wall, the farthest point from Steve. “C’mon, Stevie, I ain’t gonna do anythin’ to ya, you know that.”
Bucky snorts a laugh, and once he gets going he can’t stop until he’s a laughing mess in the middle of Steve’s bed, the man himself just watching in bemusement. It hurts his stomach and he’s really too tired to be giggling like a schoolgirl, but also, by God does it feel good to be happy.
Bucky obediently takes a seat, and notices Steve again, who’s moved from directly in front of him to the side of the couch, hovering awkwardly as if he doesn’t know whether he’s welcome or not. Bucky wonders about that, wonders what happened between them.
Bucky holds up the sketchbook so Steve can see, and flips through the pages, exposing drawing after drawing of Tony Stark doing various things. “He made you feel the same. Like there was hope in the world. When he talks to you, you feel like you’re the only person that exists in the world, put in his mind before everyone else, including him.”
“Shit,” he curses, and lets go of the hand as if burned, backing up so fast he clips his hip on the far edge of the table. “Fuck,” he says, now rubbing his sore hip ruefully.
Then it’s just skin against glorious skin, and Bucky can’t stop his metal hand from taking over so he can run his flesh hand over the planes of the other man’s back and pass feather light over his abs, grinning when he hears Steve curse as he squirms simultaneously towards and away the ticklish touch.
“Jesus, that’s creepy,” Tony breathes, clearly impressed. He’s watching Bucky make like a statue and freeze, and he’d been lying if he said it wasn’t a bit creepy. The man is completely still, and Tony isn’t sure he’s even breathing. Bucky hasn’t blinked yet, either, and thinking of that makes Tony oddly conscious of his own eyes opening and closing. Ugh. Now he feels like he has to manually blink.
Bucky twists around and growls at him, but Tony only looks back defiantly. “You tore your stitches, asshole,” he says angrily. “Jesus, do you know how much pain you should be in right now? Do you feel
The next day they’re called on a mission, and Tony is very kindly but firmly denied his request to go out with them. He huffs but has fun building his own rocking chair, so it’s alright. Besides, this way they won’t find out about the projectiles he built in.
The other side, however.... is a mess. Fragments of white metal are clamped all over his clavicle and his spine, which is curving just a bit towards the left from the constant weight of his late metal arm. His clavicle doesn’t look quite right; it looks like it broke, then got stitched up back together again. Skinny white snakes of wire curl and tangle around his spine and in between, a few stretching all the way out to his arm, looking like they’ve been cut in half. They probably were, Bucky thinks, Tony probably just snipped ‘em.
The worst part is that Tony doesn’t even know the whole story. He knows Bucky said some things he probably shouldn’t have, and he knows he and Steve aren’t talking, but he doesn’t know how Bucky had aimed straight for Steve’s jugular, how he’d purposely said the most harmful thing he possibly could because he felt...
“No to all of the above,” Tony confirms. He holds up a hand. “And before you ask, I am not going to medical.”
“Go away,” Tony mumbles, and cracks one eye open. Bucky refuses to find that adorable. “Let me sleep. Do you know how long it’s been since I’ve had a full night of sleep? Three days.”
depicted are more than enough. Just like Clint said once in response to refusing several new arrow proposals from Tony, only choosing two varieties:
“Uh, around one,” Clint says. He looks down at his watch before remembering himself. “Wait, uh, rewind. How are you sitting up like that? When we found you, we couldn’t wake you up at all! We were afraid you’d offed yourself, you idiot!”
Sure, if asked, he could explain when he realized he was in love, but when it actually happened is more of a mystery to him.
“So, uh, is there a lot of damage?” Ned asks nervously. Vision slowly hovers around the room, taking a good look at everything. Yaël and Wanda put Wade down against the wall, giving him the time to heal himself up. Tony stays in the suit, putting his hands on his hips and inspecting the damage.
“It’s some sort of time-machine. It’s what Cable used to travel through time to kick my ass,” Wade explains. “I’ll show you how this works but you need to be fast.”
After Dr. Cho and Maria arrive at last, Tony turns towards Peter’s Aunt. “I guess we can start warming up the food, then?” Tony suggests to her, and she nods. Putting down her glass, she heads towards the kitchenette. Ever the gentleman, Rhodey follows her to help her out. Tony then finally stands up, clearing his throat. “Guys, can I just… say something real quick?”
That’s also probably why he’s never really punished for all the bullying he does. But… why does he do it?
“Sir, I feel obliged to tell you that you’ve been awake for the past thirty-seven hours. I strongly advice to sleep-“
Oh, man, Charles should see her right now. They could be wheelchair buddies, doing wheelies with the carriage. Or not, maybe, as Charles was already an old man in real life. But they’d still be wheelchair buddies that played checkers or chess together.
“OUR SECOND GUEST IS AROUND NINETY YEARS OLD, HE WEARS RED WHITE AND BLUE AND A BIG STAR IN THE MIDDLE, WELCOME CAPTAIN AMERICA!”
“Look, this is a circle. Yours looks like a scrambled egg.” Logan pointed at the figure he drew on the chalkboard.
Peter shakes his head. “No, classes start again. I’ll still be here in the morning, though. At least until eleven.”
“Tony Stark! Bruce I’m talking with Tony! You’ve been gone for so long but now you’re finally back and it’s just so awesome! Dad can you see him? Can you? Will you send somebody to pick us up?”
And Tony, whose heart is still beating way too fast, and whose breath is still extremely low, can only smile in return before pressing his face against Steve’s chest and pulling the covers over them.
Despite Stark being the co-founder of the center, Miles has yet to meet the guy. He hadn’t been there when it opened, and after that the appearances of Stark have only happened the odd times he was in New York – which rarely matched up with Miles’ schedule.
And surprisingly, one from Michelle. Opening it, he finds a video message that he immediately recognizes as the video of his fight with Yaël at the party she tried to show him back at school.
“Hi, uh, I just- I wanted to ask- I’m having a party tonight; my parents aren’t home. Do you, maybe, want to come?”
“Just some friends,” she says. She waves when one of the group looks up and notices them. Then, suddenly, everybody turns to them, all wearing big smiles on their faces and waving at Peter as if they’ve known him their entire life.
“You know, if you can’t form an actual sentence, I’m not sure I’ll be able to help you here,” Tony interrupts quickly. He starts walking into the hallway, intending to get to the recreation room and fetch some coffee. He knows Steve will follow him.
necessary. Because of that I feel like I need to bring up the subject of potentially being a donor to your father.”
Peter… the poor kid. Tony’s almost sure he’ll want nothing to do with him anymore. Tony is supposed to be a mentor, somebody to learn from. He even gave the kid a speech about how things will get better. What’s he supposed to think now?
It’s not that Tony doesn’t want to be a father. He’d even been thinking about it with Pepper for a while now. But when he thought he’d have a kid, he’d at least hoped he could get the cute toddler-years along with it. Not that Peter can’t be just as important to Tony as any other kid he would have had with Pepper had it gotten that far, but Tony barely knows anything about the kid.
When Wade was done with making Yaël look like she has royal blood, but the slutty version of that, he took the big box he brought with him and gave it to Yaël.
Shame, that’s probably the first thing he’s feeling. Only two days ago did he tell Cap that he was alright, that he wouldn’t do anything stupid. But then Pepper came to pick up the last of her stuff, and Tony was once again reminded of how alone he actually is.
“Uh, then the Avengers moved out on other missions to try and catch that bad guy, but they’ve failed at it each time,” Peter continues. “Natasha still seems to make it her mission to train me every two days.”
“Yes! And a few years later, Scott started showing his powers as well, which troubled his parents somehow and they called Alex to come and pick up the little one too. He still visits us every now and then and sends us postcards. Lovely young boy.”
“I’ll see you tomorrow, pal!” Peter says, and Dum-E nods his camera up and down before putting himself on stand-by. One more nod towards the security guard, and Peter is standing in front of the elevator, looking down at his shoes. They look messy, worn almost daily and pretty much ready to be thrown away. Underneath his shirt, Peter feels his suit itching him, as if telling him that it’s time to start patrolling.
The knocks on the door are heavy, though still not too loud. He notices the doorbell on the side, but he decides not to ring that one just yet. After all, Peter must be around five here, and he’s probably fast asleep. His stomach tingles at the idea that his son is here, a child he never got to meet.
After that, there are footsteps, then a closing door. Tony starts shivering the moment Steve is out of the room, falling down on his knees and pressing his forehead against the floor. His tears rolling over his cheek, his heart aching.
“They’ve located Venom,” Peter explains. “They’re going to ambush it – May and Bruce are staying outside just in case it escapes.”
Tony nods, using the wipes to clean his hands before taking the needle between his fingers. He tries not to think too much about it, about how drawing blood isn’t that unfamiliar to him. Or rather, injecting something
“Fuck off, dude,” Johnny returns before turning back around. “There’s a party at seven in Katie’s house.”
“This is fucked up on many levels,” Peter mutters, finally shooting the web and deciding to get to somewhere he can actually see. The normally white web that comes out of his shooters is now jet black, and one short look at his invention makes him realize that there’s something else wrong.
“Listen, man, I’m Peter, and I’m Tony’s son! So much crap has happened since you’ve been gone but we can bring you up to date, okay? Vision is on his way to get you and-“
“But you’re just so… passionate. You care about Sharon, you care about your inventions. You care about your children, even though they don’t like you all that much. I’ve seen you with your daughter and it warmed my heart, Tony, I-“
As soon as Yaël walked outside, a loud siren went off and red light started flashing around the building.
Peter nods in agreement, finding that ‘a bit of shock’ doesn’t really seem to cut it here. Right now, he just wants to go home, and to mentally prepare himself for his interview with Mr. Stark later. His dad… interview with his dad.
“Have fun,” Tony mutters, eyes stuck on his tablet. How does he even have internet connection right here?
He blinks, looking up when he hears his name. There’s Steve who’s glancing his way, worry clear in his eyes.
It probably doesn’t really matter anyway. Peter pays the fee for the cab and then gets out the moment he’s close enough. The sky is clear, so there’s no rain or sudden alien invasion, which means that he takes his time on his short walk to the building.
“I- I can’t,” he admits. “I have the internship now, and then Tony wanted to watch a movie together – you know, the awkward ‘we’ve just discovered we’re related and now we want to bond’- bonding time.”
Steve only frowns a bit when he sees the box, but he doesn’t ask about it. Peter is glad for that as he puts his bottle of water away again, along with all the rest of his stuff.
“Did your husband forget something here?” Oh, the way Norman talks is just so supposedly innocent, but Tony knows enough about him to spot his selfishness from miles away. He’s heard the entire story from Harry already, and his respect for Norman Osborn hasn’t gotten any bigger for it.
“Thor got married?!” Peter doesn’t answer. He heads for the door, expecting Harry will follow him either way. He locks up, hiding the key in the inner pocket of the suit. Then he nods once again towards the stairs. The elevator still doesn’t work.
“Don’t tell me you were in that crash?” Mr. Stark asks. Peter just chuckles lightly, despite not really feeling happy about it.
So Yaël told her about her recently gained memories and asked him about the planet she came from. His answer was clear.
With the Goblin still focused on trying to beat the crap out of Peter, the teenager secretly grabs his phone from his coat, making sure that it sticks against his hand. It wouldn’t help if it would fall before he could call for help.
“What, I thought you liked it?” the girl asks playfully through her grin. “You were very much a willing participant, after all.”
“Bloody hell,” she grunted as she picked up one of the weapons from the corpses covering the bridge “I can’t retract any warmth from those nose-less imbeciles!” Yaël quickly slid through one of the zombies, who was aiming on an already very busy Loki. She quickly stomped her foot on the ground and created a big boulder from the rocks beneath her. With the movement she made with her arm while stabbing another living dead, she simultaneously made the bolder fly intoVöluspá’s (or Hela’s, apparently) army and crush some zombies.
Yaël dropped her pizza and made a movement with her hands. This way, she used air to make the plates fly over Peter instead of flying right in his face. The boy also seemed to have massive reflexes as he jumped back from the plates and before Yaël even noticed Wade pulled out a gun, Peter already had jumped up. Wade started shooting at the boy’s feet and out of reflex, Yaël stomped her feet. The tiles of her floor flew into the air. Using her powers, Yaël built a wall with the tiles. This way, she used it as a shield for her and Parker.
She put her hair in a knot and pulled some sort of green, paper-ish cap over it, and put on some glasses, all of which she had also stolen. Being disguised, FRIDAY wouldn’t be alarmed that quickly. That, and she was probably focusing on Tony right now. Not that the AI wasn’t able to keep an eye on everything at once, right?
“Sure,” Tony says in return, smiling at the man. When he holds out his hand for a greeting shake, Tony lets go of Steve’s to return the gesture. After that, he reaches back for Steve, just to reassure him further. The woman, Chrissy, bites her lips upon seeing it.
Peter met Gwen on a Thursday. The schoolyear had only just started, but the teachers had already lots of homework to give. He only just turned fifteen, and Aunt May and Uncle Ben had just bought him a new camera he liked to mess around with. Even during school, he held it on a cord around his neck, ready to take pictures whenever the occasion arose.
“Wow, I managed to get the one and only Tony Stark speechless? That must be a record,” Steve jokes instead, and Tony punches him on the chest before leaning forward once more to get one more kiss. Before their lips could meet, though, FRIDAY’s voice fills the room.
“Never mind! I know when I’m not wanted!” Tony eventually calls out, throwing his hand over his forehead. Peter rolls his eyes but still manages to smirk. The fact he’s joking around like this means that he must be doing better, right?
The days that Peter is there, the two Avengers decided not to look after Tony anymore; not because they think Peter can do the job for them, but mostly because it’s just the two of them, and they would like to enjoy some parts of their day without babysitting Tony, which the man obviously understands.
As Scott finally left the room, she started thinking. She should be able to make these kind of creatures with air and earth too. Well, Yaël knew she wasn’t able to, yet, but she should be as those two elements were a part of her powers too.
Oh, it’s Steve… For a few seconds, Tony stops, looking at the figure on the ground, spitting away some blood.
“Hey, Francis, what’s up?” Peter asks, dropping the screwdrivers upon seeing the inventor in front of him. Francis is by far not the smartest guy on the floor – that’s difficult with Stark running around – but he’s the one assigned to take care of the interns, being good with the youth. That’s probably because he mostly behaves like he’s a teenager as well, always carrying his expensive backpack on one shoulder, listening to his music with his Stark-made wireless headphones and being pretty handy with the latest edition of every Stark-Phone – courtesy of Mr. Stark, who lets his employees test them out to find if they’re user-friendly.
She nodded as she pushed herself away from the wall and started walking again, they were almost there. After walking down a few stairs and going through a few hallways, passing a few corners, Yaël stopped Lopt for a second to put on the bandage around her eyes. Before that, she had been walking with her head down so nobody who passed her could see her eyes.
Peter thinks back of the first three weeks back at the tower, where he’d ask the same question daily in the hope that he would one day show up. At the beginning, of course, FRIDAY didn’t tend to answer him at all. Ever since discovering who Peter really is, she seems to have changed a lot.
With Peter lying between them, and both May and Tony holding Peter’s hands, the two adults sit in comfortable silence. Peter is asleep, having slumbered about ten minutes ago. His face looks peaceful, but that doesn’t calm any of Tony’s nerves.
“That would be me,” Steve suddenly says, and every head turns towards the hallway that leads to the bedrooms. Simultaneously, all the mouths – minus Nat’s and Rhodey’s – fall open from the surprise of an equally fancy-dressed Steve Rogers walking up to them, looking confident but at the same time slightly nervous as well.
The men blink in surprise, before giving each other a quick look. Scott is the first one to throw his hands in the air.
“I don’t really think it’s my place to give you a hard time about that, Peter,” Tony says, hating himself for it because he knows he’s right. He’s got no right to scold Peter for punching another kid, no matter how much of a bully he is.
They had handcuffed Loki, preventing him to speak by putting some high-tec gag on him, and then they pulled him along to the restaurant that was surprisingly still standing. Tony had paid, since it had been his idea. After that, he offered everybody to just take a quick shower and freshen up at the tower, on the floors that were untouched.
extremis. The fire-stuff, it helps with nothing. It’s what makes everything unstable. He needs to get rid of the fire, to find a way to make it something
“Tony! Stop messing around! Get the drinks out of the fridge!” Tony holds his hands up in the air in surrender.
With comm-links safely tucked into their ears, they all go their own way. On their cellphones they can see who’s where.
But crap, he still can’t shake the idea of Thor being gone. Loki, he doesn’t care too much about, but Thor always seemed invincible to him. If this person can bring
“Pills and alcohol, it don’t match, kiddo,” he keeps on saying every time Peter even dares to sigh. After about two hours of just scowling on the couch, Tony decides it’s enough and puts up a movie.
“Uh, yeah, sorry I never mentioned that,” Peter admits to her. Felicia’s blue eyes just stare at him, studying him. Before anybody else can say anything, Shuri raises her arm and starts waving.
“You’re a kid,” Tony returns, finally looking up. He looks horrible, Peter notes. Though his skin looks healthier, there are dark circles around his eyes, probably from the lack of sleep. “The whole point of keeping you out of the accords is so you can stay a kid, hidden from the eyes of the government.”
“Quite okay, as long as she is busy. She still thinks a lot about it, but the psychiatrist is helping her out with the stress and the sleeping.”
“Yeah, uh, sure,” Tony says. He takes a step back, allowing the nurses to enter the room. “Can we go with him?”
Finding that there’s nothing other than one more armed robbery, Peter quickly takes care of it as well, handing out the group of criminals to the police. The only thing he’s got from it is another gun-graze – which means that he’s been extremely lucky tonight, since that’s twice in one evening! (His reflexes don’t seem to be on their best today… He needs more warm-up.)
Tony nods, walking towards Gilette and holding out his hand for her to shake, which she does. After thanking her, Tony turns to get back to his suit. Before he can get far, a hand on his arm suddenly stops him.
Tony doesn’t answer. Instead, he puts his brains to work. Thinking back of Peter’s phone, the familiar tune of his ringtone. He was sure that he heard it before, and now he remembers. On the plane. On their way to Berlin.
No, of course Yaël hadn’t heard, and who would’ve thought about calling to tell her that, right? Damn, she shouldn’t be so annoyed by that, Peter obviously had other things to think about rather than calling her. The poor kid was probably in pain, and here was Yaël, who was supposed to be his friend, feeling al sour about it.
“Yeah, I know, I’m sorry,” Peter mutters, not taking his eyes off the road. It’s not like there’s much traffic here underneath the trees. “So, uh… you talked to Steve by any chance?”
"Okay, dear," Steve returns. He leans forward to kiss Tony on the cheek before standing up. Peter focuses on his homework, taking out his pen to start writing the answers down. But, after a few minutes already, he takes out his cellphone and pulls up the group chat to complain about being bored. Ned answers immediately, agreeing with that fact.
“Yeah, he’s in his room,” she said as she jumped to the coat rack and put on her jacket “I’m glad you’re here!” May let out hastily as she, confused by her rush, kissed Yaël on her cheek. Then she mumbled “Be good!” before she smacked the door shut.
“So, you really forgot everything, did you?” Yaël didn’t answer, but she suddenly saw the woman standing in a forest. She had visited Yaël in a dream already, but Yaël had chosen to focus on another element back then and now she didn’t remember this woman, just like she hadn’t remembered Clint. Maybe it was her fault, for not choosing to focus on her back then in that dream, but these dreams had been so unpredictable and after she had chosen to follow Loki, the other hadn’t come back anymore, like Loki had completely taken over the dream-world.
But when the raisin looked back at her, he was grinning widely. “Look, girlie, you don’t know me either and for the love of dwarves eating Chinese food, I would never harm that kid! Now, you wanna go on an adventure?” The cab stopped.
After biology finishes, Peter heads towards the math-classroom to hand in his extra credit work. The teacher just gives him a sore smile – still not over the fact that he tried to convince her Tony Stark has a bot named Dum-E – and packs it in with all her other stuff. Peter doesn’t waste too much time being nice to her, instead hurrying back to Ned.
His first instinct is to call out for them, make them know that he’s here and to wish them luck. But he quickly thinks better of it; Steve nor Tony know about Peter Parker and Spider-Man being the same person. The more time they even spend with Peter, the bigger the chances become that they might recognize him through his voice alone, no matter how much he tries to lower it down.
“I’ll be like; ‘hey, man, I only came here to get to know my father, but the moment I arrive here, he’s not even there,’ and he’ll be like ‘huuh?’ and that’s how he’ll figure it out.”
“Hey, I don’t blame you,” Yaël says. “I mean, you’re a Stark. Your social skills already leave much to be desired.”
Yaël neglectfully waved with her hand. "Yeah, yeah, Rogers. Let me tell you something: why are you holding yourself back? As you noticed, I don't die that easily."
“That day on the helicarrier, Bucky’s only mission had been to kill me. And he nearly succeeded at it. Multiple gun wounds, fractured nose, black eyes… You saw me in the hospital when you brought me back the shield.”
‘Good,” the Cat returns. She puts a hand on Peter’s cheek (over his mask) and gives him a long look before pulling up her leg, initiating a kick. Peter jumps out of the way, making a back flip and landing a great distance away from him.
When it comes to friendships, Peter already knows that he’s not the best in maintaining them. Unless he sees the person on a daily basis, like on school, there’s a lot of chance that he might, sometimes, forget to contact said friend.
He’s been at Stark Industries for almost two months now, but he’s spent most of his time at the Avenger’s facility, helping Mr. Stark create this new suit for that new recruit he’s got his eyes on. Peter still doesn’t really know who it’s supposed to be, but he knows that he’s a tad bit jealous of the person getting this.
With only one more month of school to go, Peter heard of Harry’s return – the two of them had been best friends back when they were younger. When they went to high school, Harry’s dad sent his son away to boarding school, separating the two friends. Peter hadn’t heard from him, since.
Tony startles when he hears the soft voice of his son. The kid is sitting up while rubbing his eyes, but once he notices Tony next to him his eyes widen.
“Because we were drunk off our asses, idiot,” Sam mumbles while getting back up. “What’s the damage?”
“Queen Völuspá,” she whispered to herself, almost inaudible.  How the freaking heck did the Queen get here and why were they calling her Hela? Was this the plan Nilla had been talking about? Usually, thinking about Nilla stung, but Yaël was too distracted to feel it. Loki looked up and stared Yaël in the eyes for just a split-second, obviously immediately recognizing her. Shit, she blew her cover.
“This is the little sucker, in case you want to know more,” Peter says, handing the tube with the dead spider still inside. Dr. Cho’s mouth falls open in surprise, but then she takes it from him. With a smile on her lips, she nods towards Peter in thanks. After that, Peter hurries out of the room, running to the workshop as fast as he can. There, he can see Tony already in an argument with Dum-E while Wanda is seated further away, reading a magazine.
Rhodey had offered to be here as well, but Tony told him he could go and watch it in the crowd instead. Basically all the Avengers are there, not even bothering to be undercover. Tony’s not sure if anybody in the crowd has noticed them, since all their eyes are pointed at the stage instead.
“I know that road,” Tony utters out, feeling his heart suddenly pick up a few paces. Anxiously, he looks down at the cassette tape that’s currently playing. Then he turns back to the cabin. “What is this?!” he demands.
He wonders if this will be one of those days again. One where they’re doing their stuff and they turn around to find Peter gone again. And the worst part of it all is that it’s like Ned and MJ don’t seem too worried about it, which makes it extra clear that they know something Miles doesn’t.
Steve wouldn’t know how to deal with a baby even if his life depended on it. He’d rather not be responsible for one.
He knows why he’s the one that gets to start it off; he has no obvious props that need to be put in place beforehand. Everything he needs moves and gets added in the meantime. So Tony stands there clearing his throat and putting the microphone up to his mouth.
“YOU!” James Barnes shouts angrily, running up to Tony with a murderous look on his face. Tony takes a few steps back, holding his hands up in the air to indicate that he doesn’t want to fight. It doesn’t seem to stop Barnes, who’s quickly chased by Natasha and Steve. “ARE YOU COMPLETELY STUPID?!”
There doesn’t seem to be an answer. Tony tries again, knocking a bit louder this time. His heart jumps when lights suddenly turn on from the inside. There’s the sound of a key turning in a lock before the door opens slightly.
And so Peter starts explaining; about the party. The explosion he saw, the weapons and how they were obviously connected to the ATM-guys. Squeezing out his mask, he barely gets through his words. Shivering a bit from the cold – hey, the suit might be resistant to temperature, but he’s wet, and it’s
“You don’t like anyone,” Yaël replied, this man was good in making her grumpy. Logan didn’t even bother to reply to that.
“Thank you, granpa Steve and granpa Tony,” Annie says before pulling away and heading upstairs. Tony and Steve both chuckle.
FRIDAY answers. Peter bites his lip, pulling out his cellphone and checking the time. Ten minutes, okay. He can find something in ten minutes, right?
With that, Shuri puts down the tablet she’d been using to explain to Rhodey how she’s going to help him and heads into the direction Peter was going.  For a second, Tony wonders if he should be the one to check on Peter. Then he decides that if Peter needs him, he’ll find him eventually. Tony stays seated on his spot of the couch and turns back to his guests, only to raise his eyebrows when he notices them all staring at him.
“Yeah, then there’s the Devil of Hell’s Kitchen, but he’s been reported killed in action,” Ned admits. Peter feels a small, sad wave go through him. He never really got to meet the guy, but it’s still too bad to hear it. Dying to do what is right… Peter hopes that he never has to draw the short end of the stick during one of his battles.
“Sir, your five- ‘o-clock interview is here,” his assistant suddenly says, and Tony wonders how he did not hear her knock. When he turns around, he finds Katie standing there with a small and slender boy next to her. He looks a bit pale, kind of… nervous, maybe? It’s nothing he’s never seen before; most of them are kind of scared of him, but he’ll quickly find out that he’s got nothing to worry about. Of course, unless he’s one of those rich kids that don’t think they’re rich enough already.
Harry Osborn was exactly one year older than him. They shared a birthday, but that was about it. He had been pulled back a class because he couldn’t follow with his peers, and they’ve been sitting next to each other in class all the time, mostly because the others wouldn’t sit with them.
Peter rolls his eyes but does as she says and heads for the stairs instead. “I threw it against the wall,” he says while opening the door.
Thor smiles and takes the crown from her hands, lifting it up towards her head. Then, with all the gentleness that Thor seems to have, he puts it down on top of her head, his fingers going through her hair shortly before pulling his hands back.
“Did you rent off the place just so we can be alone?” Steve asks, obviously being with this question for a little while now. Tony snorts, but doesn’t deny it.
Around three, when the decathlon team is meeting up, Peter is leaning backwards in his seat, toying around with his pen instead of really paying attention. Michelle is asking them questions, punching him the arm once or twice until he forces out an answer. The coach is even about to call him out when his phone rescues him from this useless charade.
He’s stopped in the middle of his travel when he sees a bunch of police-cars surrounding a bank. Huh, is there another robbery? That’s perfect timing, he tells himself. Just when he’s at the verge of calling Wanda back up, he finds them already on the spot. Peter drops down next to them to ask for a status update.
“No, no, no, don’t wake up like this!” Lopt laid her down carefully as she wasn’t capable of standing up right anymore. His blue eyes looked at her anxiously.
He’s just tired all of the sudden. Tired enough to not think about the fact that the Cat just called him 'Peter'.
“What’s, uh… what…” he can’t get his words out, mouth too dry. The nurse hands him a cup of water and slowly lets him drink from it.
“Yeah, well, as horrible as it is to say, Peter wasn’t the reason for that,” Tony confesses. “I would have gone, but I was just… burying myself in self-pity. It’s ridiculous, really.”
Once entering the room, Tony finds they’re in some sort of large laboratory where everybody seems to have their own desk. There’s the typical hexagonal shapes that Oscorp seems to have adopted as their own in every piece of furniture it’s possible with. Even the wall has some fancy shapes on it. Or, well, what was fancy back in this year.
“Yeah, uh, thanks,” he says, a bit embarrassed. What’s he doing here? This girl only just dumped Harry
“What happened to you? Your mouth is all red? Did you eat something you weren’t supposed to?” he asks curiously. Peter rubs over his mouth again, afraid he might have missed some of the lipstick. MJ then, too, drops her controller to turn towards Peter.
“It’s not so simple as that, Tony,” Steve counters. Peter wants to clear his throat and indicate that he’s still there, but he decides it’s best not to get in between them. Instead, he sits back down on the couch and picks up the tablet without really paying much attention to what he’s doing on it.
- Not a warning, just a little note: I already posted the next part in the series, that one being Natasha and Bucky's story. There you might read something about a trip to India in the prologue. I was a bit confused and thought I'd already uploaded the chapter. As it turns out, I haven't because we're not there yet! oops, apologies!
“Pepper didn’t give too much information through the press. She said something about you catching something abroad? Was it Wakanda? Was it me?”
Peter watches everything pass him by in a blur. Steve respects the road-laws – of course he does – and never drives faster than allowed. He stops at every red sign, and always warns Peter whenever they’re riding on something bumpy. The drive itself takes around fifteen minutes.
Peter hums in confirmation. He feels extremely well-rested. It’s a big relief after more than a month of barely sleeping. With a groan, he stretches his limbs and his neck before he pushes himself up into a seating position. Then he finally opens his eyes. The sun is shining in the room. Good.
Wade pulled her out of her thoughts. “Yeah, or Sweden or Austria or wherever the fuck you come from.”
“Though in the meantime, I’ll look around for those weapons he’s been selling,” Tony says again after a while. Peter doesn’t look up, but keeps listening instead. “Make sure they’re not ending up in the wrong hands.”
“I was going to show him around a bit, introduce him to Fury and whatnot,” Steve mutters out. “But I’ll catch you later?”
Every now and then, she heard Thor’s laugh rumble through the room. At least, he’ll be a happy, honest and righteous king. For a while, Yaël listened to the happy chattering around her, but when her leg and hand started hurting again, she started rolling around a bit, trying to chatter with the people who came talking to her, who obviously weren’t the Asgardian women. It didn’t take her too long to roll out of the full room to escape into the silence by just rolling around a bit.
And when the first notes of the base start playing, dance-couples come up behind him, slowing together into what looks like a romantic dance.
“Tony, just try,” Steve says next to him. Tony’s left hand is pulled up and suddenly pressed against a pair of lips. He’s confused; why is Steve actually here? Isn’t he supposed to be in Wakanda? He can’t be sitting right next to him, can he? That was just a dream, right?
“If she left you, she’s an idiot,” Tony says then, trying to relieve him from the answer. He realizes he’s wrong when the kid looks up with big eyes and a mouth dropped open. Oh, he and his insensitive mouth all the time!
Other times when she fell asleep, when she was in good luck, someone was actually taking care of her dipping her face with a cold, wet towel and braiding her hair. When she looked up, she always saw blue eyes, sometimes they were Steve’s, sometimes Cem’s and sometimes they were even Lopt’s eyes. These were the dreams that didn’t make her panic and immediately start puking again as she wokeup.
“Tough, since that’s what you two are. It’s what happen when two men are in a relationship; they become
Right on cue, Tony walks in while stretching his back and arms, yawning loudly. It’s clear over-acting, but man-children like James, Clint and Sam aren’t going to catch that.
There’s a warmth next to him. A body, breathing making Tony’s arm go up and down as he lies there with his eyes closed.
“You really have trouble staying serious, don’t you?” he asks. Tony then shrugs as well. He wants to pull his hand away, to keep Steve from thinking too positively about them here. But not right now; the man just saved his life in a complete selfless act.
But it does. Because after everybody’s back to their business and May is announcing that the food will be ready in about fifteen minutes, Tony takes Peter apart and holds out his phone.
“You don’t have to explain, dear,” Steve assures him while reaching out his hand, linking his fingers together with Tony’s. In return, Tony doesn’t respond, instead closing his eyes and smiling happily as he leans his head back. He can’t believe that, after all these years, he’s right here. Despite all the shit Tony’s put him through, psychologically, mentally… Steve is still here. He still loves him, still cares for him.
“Ian and I never were together, get your head in the game. Also, yeah, couples are dumb, unless I’m part of the couple. Duh.”
“Don’t worry, you weren’t going to get laid anyway,” Steve hisses back with his voice still sounding pained.
He doesn’t climb back up when he sees her come down his web instead. His senses don’t warn him for upcoming attacks, so he does nothing but watch her.
“It’s fine,” Peter mumbles, accepting her help to pull him up. Once he’s back on his two feet, the woman starts walking away again. “You’re Jessica Jones, aren’t you?”
“Yet he did?” Ross asks, with an eyebrow raised. Tony passes a look at the other people at the table.
“I’ll look for other people,” Cat says as Peter puts his hands under the girl’s shoulders and helps her up to her feet. Before Peter can tell her to wait, she’s already gone. Peter rolls his eyes, lifting the girl up easily and running back to the window he came in through.
Like that wasn’t bad enough, Steve joined the scenery. He let his shield drop, looking like he had been or still was is some heavy combat.
“That restaurant was a good one,” Steve remarks, giving a quick glance in the mirror. A smile forms on his lips, and the dimples in his cheeks come back up. As he expresses his fondness, the lines around his eyes become more visible. Tony loves them; they’re just perfect.
“Our contact wavered a bit after that. She spent less and less time at work, and eventually she resigned her job, leaving to go to Oscorp instead to work with him. The last time I saw her, we parted our ways after a stupid fight.”
“Zip it and watch the movie,” she tells him shortly. Peter closes his mouth again and nods lightly. He lets his head rest on top of hers, finding that he enjoys the closeness they’re sharing. He remembers how it was with Gwen, and though he still misses her dearly, it doesn’t hurt as much anymore. He feels like he’s no longer held back, and that he can just go for it again.
I got my information from here: https://www.wattpad.com/459697933-all-about-asexuality-different-kinds-of-asexuals
Yaël snorted as she saw Fury in her contacts. Well, at least calling Professor X couldn’t be as bad as calling Fury would be. That man doesn’t seem to like her very much. She heard a beep trough the device as she pressed ‘call’. Almost immediately, she heard cracking that made her notice that someone picked up. X was one of these people who just picked up without saying anything, apparently.
Yaël walked into her apartment, turned on the light and put her cello back on its place. It was Sunday, so she had no gardens to tend today. As a compensation for the lost income, she had been playing on the streets all morning.
“Oh, dear Yaël, you’re not dead. You don’t think I would let you go that easily,” the man chuckled while talking. His voice sounded familiar, almost…iconic. Yaël had to focus to not let her mouth fall open once she discovered who it was.
Also, yeah, I glossed over Peter reacting to the Infinity War-stuff, but that's mostly because he hasn't processed it yet. The actual realization for it will come in an upcoming chapter.
“PETER!” Tony shouts before he can think better of it. Steve takes care of the two aliens that are trying to get to him before he starts running in Peter’s direction. Tony hurries behind him. They won’t get to Peter in time, won’t be able to stop him. He’s going to get hurt. No, he’s going to get killed.
Yaël stood up and walked to her bed. “But… my file says nothing about Europe?” Yaël took the file and looked at that one page they had given her. It actually didn’t mention where she came from. “Weird…” Yaël mumbled.
As the man starts to sum up what he’s got here, another man faces the buyer, telling him about how they’re the only ones selling these kinds of things.
“HEY!” Tony shouts, immediately realizing that Peter hung up. With a mouth fallen open and a blank screen looking back at him, Tony feels his breath speed up. What’s up with this kid? Why is he doing the exact opposite of what Tony asks him to do? “Happy, how long until we’re at the compound?”
Her last words ring through his head, again and again. But he can’t think too much about it. And then he cries, for the first time in years.
Peter adds hastily in between Tony’s words. Now, Tony, who is not used to being interrupted like that while giving a compliment, frowns immediately.
“Heh, yeah, I kind of scared myself too…” she mumbled, thinking about watching herself getting buried.
She couldn’t show up with the two old people, looking like she had been fighting a bear… they’d fire her!
“Oh, I have many stories to tell you, then,” he says with a smirk. And after that, he seems to forget about MJ for a little while and he starts talking.
“We never said anything about sex,” he whispers heatedly. Tony chuckles but then shakes his head. With all the willpower he has, he gently pushes Steve away from him and turns to his side to look at the other man.
“Tech from my year,” he says before nodding to the now accessible room. “C’mon, we shouldn’t waste time. He could come back any second.”
“Oh, you’re hurting my feelings, Peter!” Clint counters, lifting a hand to his head dramatically. Scott uses the moment of distraction to his benefit. “Say do you have any ideas as to what we could do for team-activities?”
“Uhm, they’ve, uh… it’s been switched a few days ago. Some psychologist said it was too violent,” he says. Tony hums and walks forward to pull out the chair at the table. Then he looks back at Peter and nods towards Steve.
Peter nods carefully, not able to smile at all despite Steve doing it. Instead, he presses his face against Steve’s shoulder and the two just stand there for a little while.
, Peter thinks to himself. Sure, he’s aware that his Aunt looks great, but he really doesn’t need anything to happen between her and his father next to him.
“Visiting hours are over, he’s not here,” the nurse says. Tony nods, letting out a breath. Surely, Steve will be there tomorrow. “You should go to sleep. You look tired.”
When Vision noticed Yaël was still doubting to just run back to the basement, he told her once more to go, then turned around and disappeared in the red alarming flashlights. Out of utter frustration and anger, Yaël stomped her foot and yelled, which caused the scenery around the compound to crack open and create deep, long tears in the ground here and there. With a fierce grunt, Yaël pulled open the door of the taxi and right when she slammed it shut behind her, rain started pouring down.
“Uh, you have any idea what I’m doing here?” Peter asks. Yaël frowns and passes her hand through her hair.
“There’s another meeting for the accords in two weeks,” Steve suddenly says before he’s rolled away. “It’s probably the last one needed. If that one goes well, our team will go free.”
“My aunt works full-time at the hospital, mostly doing night shifts. She’s always been offering me to go to college but I knew we couldn’t afford it. Instead I took a few jobs this year, but they never could use me for very long. Right now I work at a pizza-place, and whatever I earn goes to Aunt May to pay the bills,” Peter says. Tony gives him a long look, but he can’t really detect any lie in his voice. His breathing is calm and he’s not nervously biting on his lips, so Tony’s inclined to believe him.
Dum-E whirls around on his wheels before rolling away. Peter keeps his hand held out as he waits for him, while in the meantime Francis walks towards the desk. When he looks down, he whistles, impressed.
“This shit’s like, insane, man!” Miles gets out while he hastily tries to get the package to open. Taking out the phone, he realizes it feels light in his hand. “This is like the only phone made out of Vibranium! They are super rare!”
“Peter, listen to your dad. You’re staying out of this,” Steve suddenly intercepts, helping Tony out in his quest to keep Peter out of the fight.
“You, dying,” Steve admits. “He seems intent on keeping you safe. I’ve been carrying him out of the workshop every evening for the past week, he’s always working on something. I don’t know what else to do.”
Once the trees are surrounding him, the light of the sun disappears for a bit. The few stripes that do penetrate through the leaves come and go on his hands. Other than that, it seems like he’s surrounded by shadows.
“Try to breathe, Dad,” Peter tells him. He feels a few pats on his back while he tries to get through the fit. But he keeps on coughing.
“I’m alright,” he assures him, but not really certain on who he’s trying to kid here. “I just- I wish he wouldn’t have been brought into this mess.”
“I’ve found the journals,” Tony explains. “I’m not sure what Mary’s journals can explain, but Richard’s are notes on everything about the spiders.”
I figured the second chapter could be posted as well :-) after this, it'll be weekly updates every Monday!
And the blush that shows up on Steve’s face is gold! He looks so flustered that it’s almost impossible to remember he’s the fearless Captain America. His Aunt should see the man right now.
“I can’t cure him all at once,” she explains without looking up from her cards. “His emotions are really hard to handle. Besides, what I manipulate is still there, just… shifted. He’s still going to need to do most of the work himself.”
Pepper only stayed for a few more days. After that, she returned to the main bureau of Stark Industries. Tony stayed in New York, the team heading out to chase another lead.
Then he explains about the night they both got drunk; the time that Richard had pushed her buttons too much, and she had been this close to just end the relationship. How they started drinking, and then kissing, and eventually ended up in bed together.
“Wait, you knew his name all along?!” Yaël grunted annoyingly, interrupting his chattering once again.
“You are an adorable child, and you’re never going to live that one down the moment you’re back to normal,” he says fondly, aware that he’s using the typical talking-to-baby-voice. Peter twitches a bit in his sleep, but after a deep breath he sleeps on.
“Uh,” he starts, holding up his hands in surrender. “I- uh- I surely want to meet h-her, but if today’s too much trouble, I- I- I guess another time, uh, is alright, too?” he tries.
Rhodey shakes his head, clearly disappointed in that comment. “No way, man, the only person you should do
“I feel great,” he says, deciding not to mention the panic attacks he’s been getting around Harry. They’re not important, and easy to fix when he goes to see the psychiatrist again in a few days. “Though I could do better once you’re all back.”
stronger than before with the suit. I feel less pain, I seem faster, stronger, more durable. I felt it the first night I had it on. It’s- I can’t describe it.”
Any way, as a thanks there's two chapters today instead of one (because chapter 14 is a bit short, I think, and there's good stuff happening in both)! If there's something seeming wrong, or if I've written absolute bullshit, just let me know!
Ned then comes back, sounding actually apologetic about it. Peter shakes his head, letting out a sigh. “
Did Johnny actually kiss him? And did Peter seriously kiss him back? What the hell? Peter groans and rolls around until his head is hidden in his pillow. This exactly is something the two of them
Tony smiles lightly before closing his eyes again. This is far from a happy moment. Very far from it. But it’s a beginning, which is enough for Tony.
Tony sighs sadly, seeing the kid wrapping his little hands around Tony’s finger. At that moment, Steve decides to come back with his sketchbook in his hand. The moment he sees Tony standing there, holding a baby in his hands, he stands still, blinking a few times in surprise.
“When did the Hulk get here?” Tony jokes, trying to lighten the mood. His eyes are stinging, and his cheeks feel sticky. That probably means that he must have been crying. Crap, and of course it’s the Cap that found him this way.
“NOBODY WOULD OCCUPY THEMSELVES WITH SUCH BRAINDEAD ACTIONS, EXCEPT YOU!” She was grateful that Logan thinking of her as someone who was less braindead than Wade.
“Just think of it as some kind of super power. He keeps on coming back, after all, doesn’t he?” he suggests. Steve blinks a few times before letting out a sigh.
“Now Bruciebear and I figure out what shit they did to that spider and what could possibly be poisoning my son,” Tony points out.
“Whabbub?” she mumbled while the toothpaste dripped out of her mouth a bit. The man grinned widely and walked in without her permission. He laid down on her bed after testing it with his hand. Yaël just frowned at him, holding up her hand in a questioning gesture when
“I suppose his reaction of annoyance can be another end-result of the combination from the medication and the alcohol,” Vision explains, stating the obvious again. Peter groans in frustration. They’re just doing that to annoy him. Tony laughs again, though Vision just seems confused because of Peter’s reaction.
“That’s precisely the reason why we can’t do this. And why the others shouldn’t have signed. Because if nobody agrees to this, they won’t be able to go through with this.”
“You’re going with me, like it or not. And otherwise, I start attacking, hurting, even killing these friends of yours.” She grabbed Yaël by her hair, to which Yaël grunted. “So, what’s it gonna be?”
Instead, he remains standing in front of the window for a little moment. His coffee stays on the desk, probably already getting cold, but Tony figures that coffee won’t help him. He knows what will, and that’s mostly the reason why he’s not spending more time at the penthouse. At least at the compound he’s not alone, and there are people there to keep an eye on him and keep him under control. He doesn’t need more public disgraces from being drunk again.
Peter only looks back up when the two have walked away from the kitchenette. Once their voices have completely disappeared, he lets out a relieved sigh.
Tony has to agree with her. What with Natasha and Barnes adopting that Altman-kid whose mother died in some sort of battle, Rhodey officially having moved in with May somewhere further in New York, and Wilson also expecting his first kid soon enough, things seem to be getting more interesting.
“Day twenty-five, test… 106. Nanites are working, but there’s a continuous connectivity issue which I think I’ve fixed.”
“It really wasn’t,” Pepper assures him. “Listen, Tony, people of the board. We should all just get to the point; you want Tony to invent more. Good, I want that, too. But I think we first should think of the reason as to why there haven’t been as many things coming out in the past year, no?”
The three follow her downstairs. The ride down in the elevator is quiet. Peter doesn’t know what to say to Tony. Pepper’s checking her phone, and MJ is looking at her straightened hair as if it just personally betrayed her. Even after clearing his throat, Peter shouldn’t be surprised that nobody says anything.
For the first time in a while, he feels like he’s back in control of his own life. And it feels good.
Tony turns to Peter, to see what he’s thinking about it. But, in the time he’s been unconscious, Peter surely has already gotten used to the idea. He’s probably not as surprised about it. Still, Tony can catch a glimpse of sadness in his eyes as he desperately avoids looking at the cuffs.
“C’mon, team. Let’s give them some time alone,” Bucky suddenly says, nodding towards the door. Simultaneously, everybody gets up on their feet and head towards the door. Only Wanda walks up to Peter and gently squeezes his shoulder.
“What’s going on?” Yaël asked him while they were both sitting in the sofa’s in front of the window in her bedroom.
“You really need to stop calling me during school hours, I’m fine,” Peter says while rolling his eyes. He walks through the locker room without needing to change, and hurries towards the door to continue working outside. After this, he still has biology before the school day is finished.
“Beg your pardon?!” he said, looking insulted. Out of the blue, with just a simple hand gesture, Hela was holding some sort of sword.
“FRI, I know you might have missed me, but I need you to try and rebuild your connection with the nanites,” Tony says the moment he gets into the penthouse. There’s no answer, though. Instantly, Tony fears somebody might have hacked her.
“Maybe another time. My head is not really into it right now,” the Captain then pardons himself. Peter holds up his hand and then tilts his head a bit to the side.
“If everything goes right, he won’t be for long,” Bruce responds. “Hey, c’mon Tony. Stop wallowing in the past. Let everything go and be the man of the future again, okay?”
“But there are some things I do want to say!” Peter counters, losing control of his voice, which is getting louder all of the sudden. “And don’t tell me it’s all in the past, because it’s not! It wasn’t cool what I said, and for everything in the world I wish that I hadn’t said it!”
“I’ll give you some privacy,” he says, and he follows Steve out of the room, closing the door behind him and thus leaving Peter alone with Mr. Stark.
“That’s okay,” Lopt sounded soothing as he spread the branches, so they’d dry more quickly. The real Yaël looked up to check on the Lopt standing next to her. He looked at the scene very mindfully, like he was catching all the details and thought about them.
“Don’t try to fool me. I might not have been there, but I saw it all happen beforehand, remember? You holding your dying son in your arms, seeing him vanishing away? It was what drove you to travel back in time, after all.”
in love with Liz! And she likes you! Be happy, man!” Ned counters, still smirking. He punches his arm once more.
“Saving it up now. Aunt May and Dad now keep me from helping out with the bills. Between the two of them, they’ve got everything covered. He even offered her to move into the tower, but Aunt May doesn’t really seem interested in that.”
makes him happy. His life is going further, and he’s no longer having the feeling like being dragged along. Even this date has been
” she says, and Peter waits for his father’s image to show up on the screen. Of course, it’s clear that the line is still busy, so he hangs up again and decides to bring it up when he gets back home. He leaves the group, and swings up into the sky, moving from Brooklyn to Queens, until he’s back in Midtown. That’s when he sees it.
Great father-figure he’s being again. Tony sighs loudly, realizing that, after all those months of trying to be a good father, he’s finally broken. Proven the fact that he’s everything but a good father-figure. What a surprise. It runs in the family, doesn’t it? Or maybe in the name, because Tony knows Peter wouldn’t ever be the same way. He’s too good a kid for that.
“And you’re an alien,” Peter was playing with fire, encouraging her to talk about the most irritating subject of her life at the moment. So Yaël tried to answer calmly, the boy had nothing to do with the matter, so she shouldn’t start rambling about it.
“Stark,” she says. When she stands still in front of him. “Pepper,” she continues when she realizes Pepper is here as well.
Seeing Steve being so careful around his son is just doing things to Tony that he doesn’t really know how to express. It makes him want to forget the whole thing Natasha warned him about before Steve left, and just pretend that nothing is wrong.
“Hey Petey, think fast!” suddenly comes from behind him, and Peter feels a shudder going through him. The Spider-sense, warning him for upcoming danger. Crap!
“There’s no use in getting you cleaned up here, the crew will have to do their magic at the tower,” Rhodey says. “Now, get out of that suit and hop into the shower.”
“There’s no trace of technology left in the suit; Karen was no longer there. But at the same time, while everything was missing, I felt stronger than ever before, you get me?”
Peter has potential, and right now it’s growing so much. Tony just hopes he can teach him all he knows before he, like his mother, realizes that he shouldn’t waste his time on him.
She shot an angry glance at Wade, but he just ignored her.The kid looked a bit annoyed as he walked towards them. Heclearly recognized Wade. Yaël asked herself how many times Wade had already been stalking him.
“Could you stop pausing my friend like that? It’s freaky!” Yaël grumbled to Lopt while looking at the statue that represents her friend.
“I propose that the people who failed go and seek out their fellow students who passed and ask for a bit of tutoring, since nobody obviously wants to listen at me.”
“-have to remind myself that he’s not my kid, and that he can leave me just as fast as his mother did!”
“She’s going to get our special guests,” Tony explains. Bruce nods, keeping his eyes away from Natasha. Peter shifts in his seat, fumbling with the pen on the table. There’s a digital copy of the accords on a tablet in front of him. It’s all one mutual document; if anybody makes a note, everybody can read it and comment on it.
It’s almost expected when there’s another knock on the door. Sam and Natasha give each other a knowing look, and Barnes, too, seems to look up expectantly. Tony just sighs before putting his glass down again.
When Flash sees Peter hiss a bit, he lowers his grip a little bit, but still doesn’t let go of him. Who knew there was a human side to him?
Tony asks, sounding genuinely confused. Steve frowns, already opening his mouth to explain when suddenly Tony continues. “
“I can’t make such promises,” he jokes, getting a hand through his hair in return. Then Tony pulls away, dragging his suitcase along and hurrying towards the elevator. With one last wave at Peter, he walks out of the penthouse. Peter thinks about going back to Queens then, instead, but then decides not to do it. Aunt May is working her night shifts anyway, so either way he’s home alone.
Of course, an order is an order – even though Tony’s never been one to follow them in the past – so he stays away from it.
, Peter tells himself. But he has no phone on him. He needs to borrow one. Hopefully, somebody’ll want to help him out? Carefully, still with a lot of kinks in his body, Peter walks through the streets. It’s mostly empty, and the few people that he tries to address all shake their heads at him before he can even ask for their phone. Nobody wants to help him, much to his surprise.
Korg had used the extremely colourful, glittery pop-up map he had found in the control room to explain her the plan, so it didn’t take Yaël too long to group up with him and Miek again. They apparently had already opened the exit of one of the hallways, because they were joined by a dozen freed gladiators, Yaël noticed as she ran up to them. Miek already opened the next lock right when Yaël joined them.
Only bad news, again and again. Nothing seems to be working for his favor. Tony grits his teeth together.
It had taken a little time before her wounds were fully healed, some of them had gotten infected again and again, so Dr. Cho had constantly been cleaning Yaël’s wounds and refreshing her bandages. She had also given Yaël a preach that she should’ve stayed home for a week, instead of going back to work immediately, so it was a bit her own fault she hadn’t healed that easily. But Yaël didn’t want to miss playing chess with Charles every break , nor working with Scott every now and then, nor Logan who seldom collaborated with her to improve the lessons while making bitter statements.
“You’re Spider-Man,” Ned whispers, shocked. Peter knows he’s screaming on the inside – he’s aware of how much of a fan Ned is. All Ned does is talk about the Avengers, and mostly Spider-Man. He would just never have thought he would find out.
Peter nods, following Gwen back into the city. They’re going the exact way towards the Compound, so he figures it’s still standing. For a moment, he wonders what exactly Gwen is to the Avengers. Is she part of the team? Is she just a kid in their eyes? Is she, just like Peter, not allowed to fight along with them?
“Really?!” Yaël grunted to Loki’s back “We promised these people freedom and you take them to war against your sister on your stupid planet!” Loki had put his hands on his back and stared out of the wall-filling window. He was standing a few steps higher than her, but Yaël was able to see the flashes from lasers shooting at them from where she was standing. The whole ship was in chaos whilst trying to flee from Sakaar.
“Complicated?! You wanted to rule over the earth, so you made a deal with Thanos, who’d help you out to do that and then you lured me into your plan! It was a complete selfish action, Loki!”
The Avengers prepared them for the possible cold weather that is to be expected in Norway. While it keeps on staying rather warm in New York – though it cooled down well enough since fall started – it’s nothing compared to the temperatures in New Asgard. The snowfall even takes Peter by surprise.
Finally all the dead-living things were dead again, like they were supposed to be. Thor, the armed woman, Loki and Yaël (and her team of water-people) gathered after they defeated every last one of Hela’s army.
And then Liz comes down, and Peter just sort of pushes the corsage into her hands. Liz’ mother wants to take a picture of them. Peter can’t even smile.
“No I’m not,” Peter assures her. He throws a web in her face, distracting her. After that he jumps up onto her shoulders, wrapping his legs together around her neck and trying to make her fall over. “Where did you learn to fight like this?”
” he didn’t sound annoyed or anything by her the useless call. Nor did he laugh with her. Yaël sighed.
He stays quiet, because this can’t blow out much more. So instead, he grabs his plate and takes it back to clean it away. Then, he hurries out of the cafeteria, Ned hurriedly following him. He needs a little moment to breathe. Or to punch something.
Tony nods. He holds up his thumb, and then waves her goodbye. He’s tired of speaking. A poke in the side indicates that Dum-E has finally finished the coffee. After Natasha ends the call, Tony takes it from him.
“Even? How could we be even?” Tony asks in confusion. Steve opens his mouth, but suddenly his breath catches.
, and right when I was going to kiss her the school exploded, remember?” Peter counters, recalling the events well enough. They were actually getting somewhere, and then, again, Dr. Doom decided to destroy the fun. It wasn’t like he was actually aiming for the school, but Johnny, that idiot, tried to get back-up and baited him to the school full of teenage superheroes instead. He’d been lucky that Wanda, Harry and Peter were there to help him out.
does. But knowing the Captain, he surely won’t reveal it to him. Cap’s a trustworthy guy, and as far as he’s noticed, his friendship with Mr. Stark is, while weird, a close one.
“I can’t wait,” he says after that. MJ smiles after that, looking down at the picture of Peter she took the first time.
Wade was right, she should call professor X, maybe he’d know where she came from. She could also wait until she slept again, but she didn’t always dream about the forest, so there was no certainty in getting more info via the dream within this week and she really, really wanted to know it as soon as possible. But Yaël didn’t want to bother or disturb X once again.
They don’t speak as they serve. At least, to each other, that is. Some people passing by even take a picture of them helping the people out, and Peter doesn’t even mind the sudden attention. Maybe it could bring up some awareness for the homeless in New York.
“We need a shower,” Steve chuckles. Tony groans and rolls back over, pressing his face in the pillow.
“PETER PARKER?” he almost shouts, mostly trying to just wake Peter up. It works; the teenager startles and drops out of the couch, tangled into the blanket.
There, despite the bad vibe they had between them when Steve left, he manages to smile again before going to sleep. He doesn’t answer normally, though, because he doesn’t want to come over like he’s worried. Instead, he simply sends back a wink-emoticon.
Tony looks around. His head feels dizzy, like he’s been drinking too much. But he doesn’t feel drunk. Not really. He feels… good? In a way? There’s no pain, not even in his wrist. He touches it for a moment. Then he realizes he’s not in his armor.
. Strange’s face pales then, and he walks back to Peter to get rid of any calling devices. Right when he’s about to rip the mask from Peter’s head, the teenager jumps back, shaking his head.
“I should’ve killed you on Helvegen when I had the chance, back when you were just a little child. I could’ve known that you’d be more like your mother than Nilla is.”
“But you don’t have anything planned to woo-her? I mean, after all that ‘how to ask your redhead out-‘ stuff that happened before senior prom, I would have figured you to be serious about this?” May asks, getting the conversation back to where it was previously, much to Peter’s chagrin.
“I’m sorry, am I hearing this right? If we don’t sign this, we can say goodbye to the Fantastic Four?” Johnny asks after Ross finally finishes. Sue is tired of waiting, pulling the book out of Reed’s hands and giving it a light read.
“I’ve got a lovely lady waiting at home, so I suppose I’ll be heading back,” Tony muttered. Steve nodded, giving him a light smile. He couldn’t even remember when he actually wanted to
“Wha- I’ve never even been in Germany?” she muttered out. But she understood what Wade was talking about. Her words sounded different, some were even difficult to pronounce.It was the accent. When Yaël first met Ms. Thompson, the old lady that lived in the room right under hers, she had also asked where Yaël came from.
“Dad, what’s going on? Why am I outside?” Peter asks, confused as to what’s happening. He remembers the alarm, remembers Tony telling him to stay inside, but after that…
Tony and Steve both look at the class in front of them, filled with confused new super-heroes. Most of them probably wondering what they did to deserve this. Then, suddenly, one of them raises his hand.
Peter startles when he suddenly starts shouting after Steve. The door immediately opens again, showing Steve with a worried face as he tries to figure out what’s wrong. Tony gestures for him to come closer.
“You know, they send this idiot to me because they figured I need friends?” Yaël pointed with her thumb to Wade, who acted like he was offended, but nobody cared.
Steve groans in annoyance and throws his head back on the pillow. He’s now lying on his back, his hands resting on his own stomach while he tries to cool off as well.
“Now I feel ashamed for even thinking about leaving you,” Steve then admits. Tony lets out a loud huff, his hand going to his chest while he sags back on the couch.
“Please, just surrender!” Yaël begged him, with the taste of blood from the hit she got earlier filling her mouth. But once again, her plans got crossed by the device in her neck, forcing her onto her knees. As soon as the man noticed his hands weren’t frozen yet and Yaël stopped freezing him, he once more plucked the sword from the ground.
The short-haired woman accompanying the king pulls on Shuri’s hair, causing for the teenager to yelp in surprise. T’Challa, Peter and MJ just snort in return. Once they’ve stepped down the stairs, Tony and Pepper move forward. Peter and MJ just stay standing where they are, unsure of what’s supposed to happen. Rhodey, too, keeps standing there in military position with his head straight and nothing to be read on his face.
Steve nods in understanding. “We shouldn’t have kept it from him,” he says. Tony agrees with that, but they can’t exactly change how it happened. “And I’m also pretty upset that the rest of the team kept from me the fact that you’ve injected yourself with…
“Benjamin,” Peter then answers, not really telling the truth but not lying, either. Benjamin is his second name, after all. He just never really uses it.
A few episodes of Grey’s Anatomy and Supernatural later, Yaël stepped into the shower to rinse her hair. When she got back out and dried it with a hairdryer, she grinned widely. Wade somehow managed to make the purple blend into the blue, so her hair was half-purple and half-blue. At some random places, the purple stood out more and on other places, blue, but Yaël thought it looked pretty cool for being an experiment.
“Well, the guy’s wife of so many years is dead. He has no children, no more house, his life’s work has literally failed. I would be pretty upset to hear all that. I think we should be careful when we tell him.”
“C’mon, you saw the look in Thor’s eyes when he brought it. We can’t disappoint him like that,” Steve urges on. Tony gives him a bland look.
The kid – Raido, Tony remembers, almost appears to fit perfectly in the crook of Tony’s elbow, almost as if that part of his body is just simply
“Anybody in here?” Cat asks the moment the flames keeping their way blocked are gone. She walks inside, her hands next to her body and ready to start throwing some punches if necessary.
“Of- of course,” Toomes stutters out, biting his teeth to keep himself from shouting. “Whatever you want!”
“Oh, what a nice trick” Yaël hissed. “Lucky for you, I have a few nice tricks too!” And with a blink a her eyes, she made it happen. The guards and the old freak looked down confusedly as their feet started freezing.
Steve may be right there. Tony nods before leaning forward once more, crashing their lips together again. Despite the anxiety he’s feeling about having to tell Peter the truth, right now he feels nothing other than contentment.
The party’s not too bad (aside from the introduction he was given the moment he arrived, referencing back to his embarrassing dancing stint). Flash is, once again, the DJ, and there’s lots of drunk teenagers around, but so far Peter doesn’t see anything too horrible happening. When a cup of beer is passed to him, Peter refuses just to be safe.
“Surge,” Yaël noticed it was Noriko Ashida, Surge, as soon as she saw the blue hair in the corner of her eyes.
Peter frowns, trying to make clear with his eyes that he needs to cut it out. He doesn’t need anybody telling him what to do about it, he’ll do it at his own pace, after all!
Yaël was still giving Wade a death-glare as Peter asked: “I just want to know how you figured it out?” He looked confused and a bit stressed out. Was the Spider-Man-thing supposed to be a secret? Yaël understood, she didn’t want the whole world to know what she was capable of either. And Wade just gave away this boy’s biggest secret.
Today, on the fifth day that Cap is gone, Tony sits in his workshop once more. Vision has already left, though what he likes to do in his spare time, nobody really knows.
“To say the least…” he mutters back. Tony doesn’t respond, but puts his head on Steve’s shoulder. “Wanda’s been feeling horrible.”
“Now, uh, you said something about, uh, the Royal Gardens at three?” Tony asks T’Challa smiles and nods.
“That’s our little brother Tom,” Toby explains, pulling Peter along who follows without complaining. He looks at the little baby, always in awe of those small figures with way too big eyes looking back at him. The kid is sucking on his fingers, so Peter doesn’t get too close.
Tony takes in the couple in front of him. Felicia is a young woman, about Peter’s age or maybe just a little bit older. She’s got long brown hair and flashing blue eyes. She has this specific kind of face that one wouldn’t exactly forget.
Peter has to admit that he likes Yaël’s dry sense of humor. It reminds him much of his own, and he’s sure she mostly developed it by hanging out with Wade all the time; he really has that effect on people.
Flames shot around and rebounded from the glass. Within a second, Yaël had the feeling she turned the cage into an oven and she was getting baked in it. The smoke started to suffocate her as she tried to take the flames back.
“Yeah, she keeps trying to set her cell on fire. But the thing is made of the same materials that were used to lock you back then, so she simply can’t get out and only hurts herself with her aggression.”
“And, how’s the earth-steering? Still causing accidental earth cracks? And the fire, did you learn to move it back to yourself to lessen the probably damage?” Scott had asked the day after she arrived, when she was sobered up. Luckily, Yaël was able to assure the man that even though she still had troubles with her powers, she had it more under control than when she recently arrived on earth. Apparently, she was a causing a lot of uncontrollable damage back then.
“It helps that we might have saved the judge’s daughter during the Alien Invasion back in 2012,” he says. Then he takes one of the empty glasses and the bottle of champagne Maria brought along. “Hmm, Champagne. This looks good, man.”
It’s probably the sound of the music reaching Steve’s ears that makes his mouth drop open in surprise. Allowing Tony to pull him inside, Steve seems shocked at hearing what must probably be familiar notes to his ears.
The bald man next to him, professor X apparently, nodded. “I’ve seen what she is capable of, she needs a second chance. I helped her train…”
Steve doesn’t look that convinced, but then he sighs again. “Just take out the suit, and we’ll fly up to the Helicarrier.”
“James? You mean Barnes?” Tony asks, but when he turns around again, Natasha is already a good distance away. Watching her go, Tony is reminded once more of how broken their little team is. He rubs his painful wrist, remembering FRIDAY warning him about the contusions he got in the fight. Somehow, the wrist hurts the most.
“Then maybe the problem’s in you, isn’t it?” Peter snaps, before his eyes open up wide and his hand covers his mouth. Tony glares at him, unmoving for a whole minute before he, too gets to his feet.
Peter scowls at the screen, his heart racing on maximum speed or so. His hands are balled into tight fists. Every inch of his body is begging him to go to sleep, but his brain is going on overdrive. No way, this can’t happen. Venom can’t do this.
He’s not going to take it out on them, of course. That won’t do anybody any good. But nonetheless, he feels restless, like he could just punch somebody in the face.
“I know you have.” Steve pulls out a plate and drops the egg on it, handing it to Tony with a proud look on his face. Tony just smiles at him, reaching for his fork and knife and getting to his breakfast.
Because she had decided to get to her sister a few weeks ago, she had been looking for a person who’d be able to help her. And since Stark wasn’t really an option (should she have tried to ask him? No…right?) and she didn’t want to put Peter nor any other Avenger in an uneasy position, she searched for another person with an easy access to the Tower or the Compound. Well, maybe she was taking risks she shouldn’t be taking if she’d just asked nicely to Tony, but maybe… maybe she was too stubborn.
She kisses him on the cheek before she leaves. Peter wonders if that’s the last time he’ll ever see Liz again.
“Dad?” he asks. Tony startles and whips his head around in a sudden surprise. At least he doesn’t hide his stuff away the moment he notices he’s not alone. He offers Peter a faint smile.
“My best friend is paralyzed. My ex-girlfriend had to come and help with the PR since all we got for a while was bad press. My son keeps on ditching detention or almost getting himself killed. And then there’s the fact that the government had me take Spidey’s suit away because he was being too reckless.
FRIDAY asks curiously after another five minutes have passed. Tony startles, looking at the radio he installed the AI into back when he first bought and modified this car.
“Hey! Where did you get that?” he asks a bit loudly when, through the four pieces of the device, an opening appears that allows the girl to get through easily.
“Well, Scott still is, but many years ago, back in the early nineties, Alex passed away.” She pointed at the pictures of two men, hanging above their open fire. There were many pictures of them, as babies playing on the beach, as kids on a horse mill with their grandmother, as teenagers playing baseball with their grandfather…
Of course, Steve felt insecure about it. This was not how he was raised, or not how he was brainwashed by the church or whatever. She was sure about the good morality coming from Catholicism, but the love-part was one of the church’s biggest flaws, according to her.
“I graduated from electrical engineering, myself. Interesting subject, if you ask me,” Tony explains with a smile. Peter smiles back, but not for long. Somehow, something must be bothering the boy. He’s been quiet and even a bit sick-looking ever since he came in here. Hopefully the kid didn’t catch anything.
Tony decides he doesn’t want to go to sleep yet. Not when his mind is so full now. So after Hilde leaves the penthouse to get to Bruce’s floor, he heads towards the balcony, instead. The fresh air gets into his lungs immediately. While it’s summer, there’s still a slightly cold breeze.
“I, uh… I said something I shouldn’t have said to Tony, and he took it badly,” he muttered quietly after a little while. Okay, he wasn’t sleeping. Yaël nodded to sign that he should keep on talking. “You know about Harry, right?”
She knows Tony realizes there’s something not really right in the situation. He often asks if Pepper’s alright, if there’s something wrong. She assures him she’s fine, telling herself that she’s just blowing things out of proportion.
Peter needs some distraction. He decides to go to the movies, watch something that seems fun enough. When he finds, much to his surprise, that there’s an autobiographical movie about Tony Stark, he doesn’t hesitate.
Tony lets out a loud breath and pushes his seat back for a bit. He pinches his eyebrows and keeps his gaze down. Steve, too, turns his head to the side to avoid looking at Tony. Peter realizes even faster that this isn’t going to be easy.
“They take the psychopath,” Peter returns, laughing up at his own joke. He slaps a hand on his belly and closes his eyes. Oh, he loves this one.
He comes up with new ideas, suggests improvements Tony hadn’t even thought of, and makes jokes with Dum-E. These jokes are, of course, mostly about the bot. Being donated to charity, that is. Or anything else Tony has ever threatened Dum-E with in the past years.
“That’s alright, I’m not going to tell anybody I stopped your metal punch with my bare hands,” he says with a wink. Suddenly, there’s a small slap on his shoulder and Tony is standing next to him.
“To make sure you two would bone,” Tony interjects in his usual way. Clint and Steve, who had been drinking from their cup at that time, suddenly spit out whatever they had in their mouth. Too bad for Sam and Bucky, who get everything in their faces.
“He told me himself,” she returns with a heavy breath, quickly avoiding the swing of his hand but with her eyes clearly opened wide, apparently shocked that he would try and punch back. She lifts up her leg to throw in another kick, but Peter’s senses kick in after that and he grabs her foot instead, lifting it up until she falls down on her back. “Are you, like, extremely deformed underneath that mask?”
True to Tony’s word, the Quinjet move quicker than any plane. They arrive about two hours after leaving the tower; two hours filled with playing cards with his Aunt or watching a movie with her while Tony is flying the thing. At one point he put up automatic pilot, but that was only to get a quick bathroom break.
“School’s fine. Ned and I are still losers, but we’re okay with it. At least I am. It’s not like I’m going to see any of them again after I graduate,” Peter admits.
Peter notices the people coming back up from their dinner break. Some greet him, relieved from their small moment of free time. Peter just nods at them as he waits for everybody to step out of the elevator. When the last person comes out, Peter startles upon seeing her red hair.
“Just… I don’t really dislike the thought of having one of those of our own, you know? I mean, not now, just… someday.”
“You’re not funny at all!” she returns, though there’s a small smile on her lips. Good, that’s what Tony was trying to achieve. “Actually, I just came from Norway. There was a crashed ship there we needed to check out.”
In a quick step, Peter gets to the driver’s side, instead. The moment he closes the door, the man – who is he, even? – shows him how to start up the car and gives him brief instructions on how to work with everything. Peter follows every step, eventually backing up the car without touching any of the students around him.
“That could be possible, yes,” Norman then says. He clears his throat then and loosens his shoulders a bit. “Anyway, I must be getting back. I was on my way home when I saw the lights were on. Can I walk you out?”
“Be safe, couz,” she tells him. Then she hurries out, taking her files and everything else with her. Tony doesn’t respond. Instead he takes a deep breath and tries to calm his entire body down. Being nervous isn’t going to help him get out of here, after all. He looks up at his IV-bag, seeing that the thing is nearly empty. He just wishes he could take it out.
“I don’t discuss matters of my patients with others,” she confirms. Good, she might be the kind of Doctor Peter’s always needed; a superhero doctor who will not look up in surprise whenever he arrives with strange wounds. Does she have a practice somewhere in New York maybe?
“Yeah, but Peter Parker and Peter Stark are two completely different beings,” Peter counters. MJ pulls her hand back, letting out a sigh.
When Wanda passes the key, there’s a confirming beep and then the lock is opened. She gets inside so quickly that Peter lets out a breath of surprise when he’s tugged along, apparently still holding her hand.
As she closed the tap with her other hand, some water kept flowing in front of her fingers like a bubble. First, she played with it by moving her fingers, so the bubble danced however she wanted it to. She was controlling the water.
As it turns out, George and Judith Sousa are getting a divorce. It’s sad news, but nobody lets it put a damper on the evening. Getting the chance to meet a bunch of superheroes, the twins are even happy. George just takes place on the couch with Happy and Rhodey and ends up in a deep conversation with them. Eventually, even May and Pepper join up again with their own glass. Dinner is as good as prepared, just spending its time in the oven. Knowing May’s culinary talents, he doesn’t know if it’s going to taste fantastic, or if it’s going to be a disaster!
It’s like something changed, though. After the Ultron-disaster… Pepper can’t explain it. While she would have expected everybody to be angry at Tony (and Bruce) for creating a murdering robot off to kill the world, it seems like they’re all just… keeping friendly? It’s especially noticeable with Steve, though that one has been subtle for Pepper. While Tony barely brings up Steve, she did notice that, without their knowing, he’d shifted from ‘Rogers’ to ‘Steve’.
“Oh, crap! I knew I shouldn’t have partied with Wade last night…How long have you been here by the way?” she said as she turned to Steve. His random appearance that morning was still confusing her.
It happens when they’re in the car, on their way to the mansion in Malibu, and Tony can’t seem to stop talking about this new, stronger magnet he made for Steve. Or the sketch he made of all the Avengers, and how he’s going to buy them from the guy and hang them up all over the tower.
Bruce and T’Challa are deep in conversation about Vibranium. Johnny and Felicia are doing some sort of game with their hands. Tony is simply looking at his phone and typing down more stuff, probably secretly continuing his research on the black goo they’ve found.
“I’m sorry to meet you like this, Peter,” she says quietly. Peter huffs out a short breath and nods at her as soon as she pulls away. “I’m Sharon, I’m sort of a niece of Tony’s.”
“Good,” Tony says. He picks up a tablet and starts typing in some stuff. “Say, you and your aunt ever went on a holiday?”
“Please, you don’t understand; I can’t go back to the old suit! This is all I have now; I’m nothing without this suit!”
“I think not. James asked them if someone filed a complaint against you, but there was no official accusation against you, so they left.” Yaël turned off the shower, stepped out and took a towel.
Wade ever even showed up in his life for the first time – and what a meeting that had been! Peter had just been swinging around the city for a moment, checking for disturbances, when suddenly a random guy starts swinging along with him and starts a casual conversation as if it’s the most normal thing to do while hanging high up in the air. When Peter had asked him how exactly he did it, Deadpool had looked up to his empty hands and then had fallen down on the ground with a loud splat.
“Hah, gotcha!” Yaël plucked one of the black pawns, Wanda’s pawns, from the board and put it aside with a wide grin. Wanda frowned, but stayed calm. She seemed to be a sweet, but quiet and shy girl. The wait-and-see-type. It wasn’t hard for Yaël to like the girl, as she immediately proposed to bring nail polish next Friday, after Yaël had been complimenting her for her neatly polished nails.
“Ah, if it isn’t the world’s favorite couple of the year!” Clint suddenly shouts, making everybody turn towards the door where they see Tony and Steve walk inside. Steve’s face turns red from the attention he’s getting, and Tony only rolls his eyes.
He did see her a few times back when that whole drama with Mary begun, but never had he spoken to her while he’d been sober. He can only vaguely remember her face, but has stated rather quickly that she looks extremely young for her age. She can’t be much older than Pepper, Tony thinks. Probably even the same age.
“Where are the others?” Tony asks, then. Suddenly, security feeds come up in his head. On the images, he can see Bruce sitting in the waiting room, accompanied by Sam, Vision and Bucky.
“Sure you did,” Tony returns with a glare. “Except, Spider-Man has been spotted in the city until five in the morning. Care to explain that?”
After a little while, some sort of food got served. Of course it wasn’t fancy at all, it was the exact opposite, but everyone was happy to have a meal. Something brownish with accents of yellow and green got dropped onto Yaël’s plate. She couldn’t even place the smell of it.
He doesn’t wait for another response. He just hangs up the phone, dropping it on the ground. If everything goes right, he won’t need it anymore. He wipes the tears away from his face and hurries back to Natasha’s side. She casts one short look at him.
the holograph said happily. The audience went nuts as Yaël suddenly heard something creak open. On the other side of the arena, her opponent, a big muscular guy, carrying a long, shiny word with a purple skin colour walked in. Yaël looked down at her own rusty sword.
“Me surviving that much radiation was a freak accident, Tony,” Bruce says. “I’m not sure what suddenly causes for Peter to reject the venom all the sudden, but the amount of radiation now flowing through his body is in no way healthy.”
“Listen, Stark, I have no idea what you’re talking about here,” Steve starts. Tony closes his eyes, trying to connect his mind to the screens around him. Then, he uploads the first file he can find on them. It’s that interview, the one with the ever-so-lovely Christine Everheart. The article appears on the screen, easy enough for Steve to read.
“Of course,” Steve says. He gives Wade a pointed look before following Tony out of the room. Once they’re separated from the others well enough, he turns towards his partner.
A pale man with long black hair suddenly appeared from the woods. He looked like an Elf to the little  Yaël too. When he signed her with a friendly smile to come, she climbed off Cem’s lap and started walking towards the man. When she looked back, her mother and father waved at her, looking happy. She chuckled as she waved back and then hopped towards the man.
The way he asked it made it clear that it was meant in a joking way. Steve still rolled his eyes, though.
“Maybe, but I like doing it,” she returns. After that, she drops the picture and puts a hand on Peter’s cheek instead. “You’re such a goof.”
“Hela, enough!” Thor’s voice rumbled into Yaël’s ears. The God of Thunder finally managed to get back up again, but didn’t look that healthy either. Meanwhile, Brunnhilde was crawling towards her sword. “You want Asgard? It’s yours!” Thor sounded breathless.
As he looks at her, he gets some small flashes of them dancing together. It must be from the party at Flash’, he tells himself. It’s been clear to him that the girl has been showing some… interest, but so far, Peter hasn’t really given himself the luxury of thinking about it.
“Sorry, but I have a question,” he said politely, like he didn’t really gasp why he shouldn’t just appear in her bathroom like that. Luckily, Yaël wasn’t a prude and she was used to Wade walking in whenever he wanted to too. Vision was clearly waiting for Yaël to react before he asked her his question.
The moment he’s up, he gets out of his sleeping wear. Without further thought, he grabs some random clothes and decides to take a quick shower to wake up a bit. He wonders if he might be getting sick or something. Is that even possible for him?
“Is it an actual date? Or is it going to stay inside the walls of the bedroom?” Peter jokes, and as a response, Francis bursts out laughing even harder before waving Peter off. Then he’s gone, leaving Peter alone again in the work-room with Dum-E already pulling away from him to hurry towards the fridge once more.
“Dude, I almost kicked the living shit out of you! Why do you sneak up on me like that?!” she hissed back, totally forgetting her plan to be sweet and soft. Jason smirked and let go of her, assuming that she’d follow him.
very vividly. Well, her thoughts actually always went to the same person. Yaël had never been in love with Barnes, but the both of them needed each other at that point.
“Well, I was approached by one of their agents. Asked me if I wanted to get back in. They’ll give me a clean slate, making it as if I never left SHIELD,” she says. Tony reaches to take a drink, but one look at the wine-glass makes him change his mind. He shouldn’t be drinking.
“I’m sorry, Peter,” she says sadly. Then she pulls back, putting her hands on Peter’s cheeks to take a good look at him. “He’s heavily under watch, but the encephalopathy is already starting.”
Right, patrol. He could use the distraction. Peter opens up his window and jumps out of it. With a wide grin on his face, Peter shoots out a web, pulling himself through the streets. Underneath him, he can see people waving at him. He makes a peace-sign and moves along without stopping.
Steve nods. The man starts leaning forward to get a kiss from Tony. Peter is about to look away when he suddenly sees his Dad lift up his hand to put it against Steve’s mouth.
“Thank you,” he whispers. The ‘dad’-word is on the tip of his tongue, but he figures it might still be too early. So he keeps that to himself. He gives his father a quick kiss on the cheek before pulling away and hurrying after his aunt, away from the tower.
“I wanted to tell you when you were better,” Steve defends himself sadly. “You were having such a hard time, and I didn’t think you would-“
When Reed doesn’t put the tablet away after all, Sue sighs and focuses on the device in his hand. With just a blink of an eye, it seemingly disappears from his hands.
“You three are driving me insane with your mundane troubles!” Mordo shouts angrily. He holds up his hands, indicating he’s preparing another spell. Tony pulls up his helmet again, Steve raises his shield, and Peter gets ready to get some webs up.
were the one who ended up in danger when that robot mistook you for him because of that stupid mask.”
Andrea says before hanging up the phone. Tony just scoffs, leaving his mouth open in his surprise and then shaking his head. With a half turn, he faces the train again, a bit annoyed that he doesn’t get to inspect the thing a bit more right now.
Tony doesn’t wait for an answer. He closes the phone shut, and puts it on the nightstand. Then he tries to go over that in his head; He keeps on forgetting everything. He hates feeling like this, it’s infuriating. He keeps on doing things wrong!
“Peter,” the Goblin says suddenly, leaning his head to the side but not losing his grin. “How’s Gwen?”
“Boy, you know me so well,” Tony snaps back, pushing himself off the couch with a grunt. “Actually I’m nursing an electromagnetic headache.”
“Easy, Rogers, don’t get your panties in a twist,” she said. “You know it’s not that big of a deal anymore, right?”
After three more seconds he does a complete turn, and he’s out of the lab, leaving Steve and Peter alone. The super-soldier then looks at Peter with a sad expression on his face, which makes Peter shiver a bit. It seems like, whatever the man was attempting, it failed.
“PARKER!” Mr. Finelli calls out, and Peter is sure that his face has turned red. Great, he couldn’t keep his mouth shut, and now he’s going to get fired because of this idiot sitting at the table every Friday.
Peter lies down on his back, looking up into the dark sky. The sad thing about New York is the lack of stars during the night.
“Okay, so today I want to see the Viking cemetery,” Yaël muttered against the bird while staring at the map, following the lines with her finger, “So… I need to go north!” The seagull looked at her like he was waiting for her to throw some bread at him, but instead, she walked passed him, starting to roll up her sleeping bag.
“That’s not-“ Peter starts to counter, but Tony holds up his hand to shut him up. Then, without saying anything else, he turns around and leaves the hallway. Peter wants to hurry after him, but a strong hand holds him back in place. When Peter looks up, he sees Steve giving him a sad look.
Sneaking into the hallway, she walked towards the stairs do go downstairs. The AI still hadn’t noticed her when she was standing in front of the electronic card reader next to a blurred glass door. So far so good. She pulled the card she had ‘stolen’ from Jason in the card reader and waited for a signal. It took a little while as the machine needed to scan the realness of the card, so Yaël started to unconsciously scratch her hand again.
“It is if you’re going to create another portal from one planet to another,” Steve mutters with his arms crossed, eyes giving Tony an unimpressed look.
“You should apply for the Stark scholarship, then,” Dr. Cho says. She leans back against her counter and crosses her arms. “Besides, if you want to earn yourself some money, that internship at Stark’s pays off pretty well – not as much as a normal job there, would, of course.”
By the time the bosses are out of the large room, the people, too, start standing up to get out. An evening in Switzerland sounds about good, especially during dinner time. Peter wonders if he can convince Tony to take him to a chocolate bar, but knowing all the others they’ll just get a frown in return.
“We can’t choose how our head works, I guess,” Peter responds. “After my uncle died, my aunt grieved, but eventually moved on. Somehow, my head chose not to do that, instead messing with my hormones and deciding not to produce enough serotonin.”
Before he can explain something to Yaël or Wade, Peter’s reflexes get the better of him and he starts to run towards the trees. Underneath his clothes, he’s already wearing his suit – an old habit of his that comes in mighty handy most of the time. As quickly as possible, he puts all his clothes into his backpack and hangs it up somewhere in the trees with his webs before jumping up. His heart is racing, thoughts of Harry’s – no, the
“How did you know about Octavius’ Tritium?” Peter asks right before kicking his leg out towards her. He doesn’t intend to hurt her, just push her around a bit. What he gets in return is another kick but this time in the stomach.
“I can go with that,” she says. It’s the smile that appears on her face that makes Peter melt a little bit on the inside.
Tony sits back down on the chair, leaning forward a bit as he tries to appear busy. He doesn’t want Steve to see him actually anticipating his arrival.
“Last one. The la- the last jour-…” He starts coughing after that, his hand reaching for his chest. May sits up to get him seated upright for a bit, but Tony just remains there, frowning. Last one? What could he possibly mean with that?
A guard takes Steve along. He’s hesitant when he receives a murderous glare from the Winter Soldier, but he does his job anyway. Steve gives Peter a faint smile when they pass each other. Then he’s gone, too. Wanda and Sam take the Soldier with them, followed by T’Challa. Natasha and Bruce then leave, too.
“Uh, more than a month, dude,” Peter returns. Wade slaps his forehead before Johnny comes hanging over his shoulder.
But by that time, Yaël was pouring down the bottom of the bottle, already searching for the next one. It didn’t feel good though, but that didn’t matter. This was what she deserved, she should be in pain, she should be detestable.
“Hell, no! I’m doing this!” he returns. Harry snorts and nods. As Peter starts to explain where he currently is, he hears something in his ear. It’s Rhodey and May.
“Well, maybe the Avengers. But that’s mostly because Steve lived with them 24/7, you know. Tony never really told anybody,” Peter shrugs. “The reason I found out is because they were being lovey-dovey when I was supposed to be asleep in the hospital-bed.”
“Isn’t he cute?” Tony asks without thinking about it. Natasha groans, and Sam rolls his eyes before turning away.
The three men nod with sudden fear clear on their faces. Hurrying out of the gym, she puts a hand on Peter’s shoulder in an attempt to comfort him.
“I’m sorry, I should have called before I left,” Tony returns. Steve shakes his head. Pulling him into a hug, Tony lets his head rest on the man’s shoulder.
Never in his life would Tony have thought a flight with Steve could be awkward. Yet, here he finds himself, holding Steve in his usual grip and only getting a stiff hand around his shoulder in return. This is not his Steve. This guy is not used to being flown around the way
He hurries towards the tower, finding it standing there in its usual glory. His head’s already pretty much in overdrive, but without his connection to FRIDAY, he feels like he can’t calm it down. He needs to get to his lab right now, fix this shit, and then find out what he was doing with two random women in a hotel room. Feeling like he needs to prepare a very good apology for Steve, Tony thinks he should better just prepare to be dumped soon enough.
They roll over after a while. It’s time for Tony to return the favor. Tony rubs his face all over Steve’s beard, enjoying the feeling of it. He doesn’t do the same; doesn’t kiss him everywhere. Tony doesn’t want to pull away from Steve’s face. He uses his hands instead. Or just one of them. The other hand, the healthy hand, holds on to Steve’s wrists, copying the position he was in earlier.
“You said, back when we were fighting Mordo… you know… that I was being an Avenger before being a parent?”
“Now give me the other suit,” he says, not clarifying on it. FRIDAY knows what suit he means. And indeed, after he blinks the Iron Spider suddenly stands before him in all its red and blue glory. Tony lets out a huff, suddenly finding himself laughing. It actually worked… he can’t fucking believe it.
“I don’t care about that. I hurt you just as much as you hurt me. And look at me; I’m fine. We’re fine.”
“He’s not my dad,” he mutters out. “I mean, biologically, yeah, but… I don’t know him all that well. And I can’t really find a way for me to talk to him about it.”
“How’s the wound?” Tony suddenly asks after packing away all of the suit-components, only to work on it later on. It bugs Peter a little bit that he’s going to finish it without him, but Tony keeps on insisting that he wants to keep the end result as a surprise.
“Yeah, it’s a shame we don’t know more,” Ned returns, feigning innocence. Harry just keeps on staring at MJ. It’s a bit weird to call her that after using Michelle all the time, but she’s been insisting on it for a little while.
“No, he thought they were shit,” she laughs. “There was a long argument about it, but we’ve been out of action since then. I’m glad we’re here now.”
“So, who do you have training with today?” Steve said when he walked into the kitchen and caught her having breakfast. As soon as Yaël’s wounds were finally healed, Steve had organized a training schedule for her. She had been grateful, until she noticed that he wanted her to train almost all the time. Every week, she got another partner to train with, because Steve noticed Yaël kind of locked herself up in her room to not disturb anyone.
So when he dances with Wade – Thor help him – Peter shouldn’t be surprised when his drunk ass comes too close to his face again. Peter pulls back immediately, getting some laughter from the group.
“Don’t tell me I’ve been making you bark at the wrong tree, Steve,” she told him as she turned her gaze back on the road. Steve gave her a confused look. “If you’re into guys I can get that, I mean, that guy over there
“Hi, Nerds,” she greets them, pretending not to notice Harry after that. Peter and Ned just wave at her. She pokes her fork into her spinach without seeming to want to eat it. “Have you heard the news on Stark? He seems to be in critical condition.”
Does that mean that Steve is there, too? Have they been meeting each other in secret this whole time?
It’s Peter and Gwen. It must have been winter, since they’re both wearing bonnets. Peter is smiling at the camera, without the ghosts in his eyes. Without the trouble Tony keeps on seeing in him when he looks at him. Peter is happy, with Gwen’s hand on his one cheek and her lips against his other.
“Noooo,” he calls out into the pillow, his voice muffled because of it. Tony isn’t having any of it, though. He rolls Peter over until he’s on his back, and then he grabs his arm.
I can't keep my own word, and I've come to an agreement with myself. Updates will be bi-weekly instead of once a week. Posting days will be on Monday's and Thursday's!
“Okay, I have an answer that will soothe you, maybe… What if Wade has met Death multiple times now, and he really likes her?”
“I have a few tricks up my sleeve,” she mutters out, giving him a small grin. Then, all of the sudden, somebody shouts outside.
Mantis is already on her way to close the window – which she probably used to get inside. Then she kneels down next to Peter and reaches out for her.
Sure, he was still a jackass most of the time, but after what happened, he started caring for the world around him. And Pepper never admitted how she was secretly glad that he shut down the weapons’ manufacturing. She wouldn’t, after he left her at that party. Sure, okay, Tony realized Obie had been doing some shady stuff and he had to ask beforehand, but was it really that hard to just let her know he wouldn’t be back?
“Da-, uh, Mr. Stark?” Peter asks, remembering only right on time that, in public, he’s only his intern.
He shouldn’t be so bothered about it, but he can’t help it; it’s his creation as much as Mr. Starks. He may not have come up with all the ideas, but he helped build it. The person wearing it shouldn’t be told that
He decides for the cab, though, feeling a strain on his muscles ever since the fight ended. He’s sure it’s not from exhaustion since he’s fought tougher and longer battles, but it’s like he’s completely emotionally drained.
“Hey!” the guy calls out when the girl lifts up another arm and ice suddenly appears all around him. So, what, ice powers as well? Who is this girl, even? Well, whatever the girl is doing, it seems to be draining every bit of energy from her. After making sure that the guy is stuck, she lowers her arms, drops the tiles, and sits down on her bed with a long and exhausted sigh. Peter pushes himself from the wall now that the danger is gone, but the girl has already seen him hanging there.
“FRI, better order some more drinks,” Tony mutters out, raising his glass to his mouth at last. Before he can drink, there’s another knock on the door. “Damn it, what is going on?”
“And what are you going to do, then? Lock us all up? That doesn’t help the problem,” Steve assures Tony, who looks like he’s at the verge of another panic attack. Peter can understand the reaction, and he’s glad that Steve’s there to calm him down a bit. Or try at it, at least.
His senses are all wrong; he’s shivering all over, he’s on edge. The constant feeling that something is wrong won’t leave him, and if he wasn’t in here right now he would be screaming it out.
“A teacher?!” Peter coughed so hard, the ice almost came out through his nose. “And do you and Charles are…have a thing or- I mean- I don’t know-“
“You’re right. I should head out, as well,” Steve mutters. He, too, gets out of bed. Not bothering to head for the showers, he just puts on a few clothes near to him. “I’ll get the coffee ready.”
And so she did. Yaël scratched her chest during the process, as her heart was still pounding way to fast, making her feel anxious and nauseous. Completely out of breath, she instantly started working on her air-product. It didn’t work out that well, though. Yaël kept pumping, kept forcing her body to do something so exhaustive whilst ignoring the signals it was trying to make.
It might actually be true; he could just be exaggerating right now. Is it really that big of a deal? Sure, the whole world seems to revolve about sex, but it can’t be that bad, right?
“Not really,” Steve admits. “Usually they last about three minutes, maybe five tops. It’s a whole lot to remember, after all.”
“But I also know that the Tony from this time wouldn’t be ready for that responsibility. And I could pretend that I would change for him, but I’ve seen how it would be and it wasn’t pretty.”
Once the suit is gone from his body, Natasha’s arms are surrounding him in a strong embrace. Tony smiles. Having his friends around him again, he finally feels like he’s no longer alone. Especially when Bruce decides to join into the hug, quickly followed by Clint.
Peter, who looked like he had just survived a natural disaster, was staring at the building they crashed in front of. “Stark Industries…” Yaël read the big letters above the automatic doors. He looked a bit confused.
Peter shakes his head as well, balling his hands into fists, but standing his ground once more. He shouldn’t throw angry punches again; the Goblin is too fast for that. Before he can speak, he hears voices around him, recognizing the Falcon, Captain America and no-one other than freaking’ Wade. Somebody is giving orders to get rid of the smoke as quickly as possible, but Peter tries to ignore it all.
“Your name is Yaël. Believe me when I say that you should actually be locked up instead of put in this apartment. I guess you can thank your great savior Professor X for that.” The man, who introduced himself as Nick Fury, said.
Is this what Dad warned him about? When he said not to go after these guys? Did he know something like this would happen? Is he disappointed him now?
“What, you guys are best buds now? I thought you hated his guts? Or is it because you’re drunk now that your man-crush on him is showing?” Eddie shoves Flash back until he falls against a bookshelf. With multiple books falling over his head, Flash lets out a painful grunt, too drunk to stand up properly.
“Of course, your battery is dead. Maybe you should charge it?” he suggests. Peter suddenly throws the controller across the room, smashing it in pieces. Then he takes his phone from Johnny’s hand and does the exact same thing.
What the hell? Why is his heart being monitored? Peter tries to move, but feels a sudden sting of pain and lets out a groan.
After all the angst, it's time for the beginnings of conflict solving. Oh, and prelude to even darker times coming ahead, but that won't be written out in the story *cough*InfinityWar*cough* and slight references to Thor Ragnarok.
“Eh, pretty much. There was somebody, but he only just left again, though I don’t know where,” she, too, lies down on the bed, her back resting on Peter’s lower legs. “He was a cool dude. Didn’t speak much, either.”
When there was only a fourth left in the bottle, she felt a flutter in her head. Unable to think of anything else, she just send one word to Charles.
“Are you telling me that Wade is best friends with Death?” Charles kicked away some gravel which came from a wall Logan had punched his claws through.
Peter saw it all happen in a distance. He saw the police arrive, along with the CIA, SHIELD, and Vision. The latter only came to help Peter, probably on Tony’s wishes. It’s not his fault he only arrived when it was already over.
. And Steve obviously has no objection against it, since they both seem to like to use sex as a form of blackmail to each other. More often than not. Sometimes, Peter wonders who is really the adult of them all?
It’s easy for him to find her grave; he’s been visiting it every day for three months before toning that down into once a week. Her grave is located next to her dad’s, which was one he’d actually been
Mr. Stark stays quiet for a few minutes before standing up again. Then he picks up his cellphone and starts typing stuff in such a speed that Peter wouldn’t even be able to follow. Right now, all Peter wants is to just go to bed, but he’s still got a few hours to go at work. He should return.
Harry has his eyebrows raised, obviously surprised at Peter’s admission. To be fair, it sounds like the exact opposite of his entire personality!
When she noticed Cap still laughing with her situation (just grinning, but that was Steve’s way of bullying her) she shot him back with a joke about being incompetent of using a smartphone while being ‘friend’ with Stark-dude. Again, Peter didn’t have to know about Steve’s, quite instable, situation either, so she kept her words clean.
No, surely there’s a lot of security around there; they’d catch him on the act, and his secret will be once again blown.
“Natasha, it’s good to see you,” the woman closest to them says. Where Peter would have imagined a welcome-hug, nobody really seems to move to initiate it. Even weirder, it feels completely normal not to hug each other as a greeting.
He knows they’re nearing the compound when he sees the trees around him again. In his head, Peter starts to think of possible scenarios that could happen here; would Mr. Stark be happy to see him? Would he start crying ant apologize? He might as well start shouting at him for even being here, for using override-codes on FRIDAY. Codes he doesn’t even know Peter has.
Time to prove him wrong. Tony opens up the suit easily. It’s not a perfect suit, in no way finished yet. He hasn’t even worn one since Siberia. It was just supposed to be controlled by FRIDAY, rather than to have Tony steering it.
“You’re all disgusting,” she mutters. Clint jumps up from his seat, running back to his room to get his laptop. Meanwhile, James and Sam start cleaning up the table. Natasha removes herself from the table, instead going to the couch. She picks up the book she’s left on the table and starts reading.
“You told me once this is where you and Bucky used to go when you were younger. You also once said to me that these flowers on the door were actually painted by you, though it looks like they’ve been repainted a little while back.”
“That might me true, but I want to include a new subject in our curriculum. A subject that isn’t all about studying or homework. Something that gives the young minds a break, in a creative way.” Yaël cocked an eyebrow in curiosity.
“Our- what?” Steve asks, confused. Tony just huffs out a disbelieving laugh. “Tony and I aren’t together?”
But he’s not bringing up the matter again. Instead, he just joins them during training sessions, accompanies them to meetings with the UN and sometimes even tags along during their team activities, which one time even involved Cards against Humanity. There, Peter saw a side of Steve he would never have expected and would even have shocked Tony had he been there.
“I am happy to hear that,” he says. Despite his strong accent, his English is flawless. “So you have brought the copy with you?”
They go sit a bit further away, looking over the group of people that are all sitting together, happily talking. It fills Peter with warmth, to see that such a small act of kindness can lift up their spirits like this. It’s incredible, really.
Tony does. All the Avengers had been in tension about it, but there was just nothing they could do about it other than apprehend a few of the people who suddenly ended up super-powered. Not that they were all bad, but they just didn’t know how to control everything yet.
down, what use is he, a mere human, in rescuing the world when it’ll come. And it’ll eventually come. There’s no more denying that.
I've been going through the 'Incorrect Stony Quote-tag' all day. This came out of it. To make sure that I didn't steal these quotes, I added a permalink to every quote I used!
It’s Wednesday now, about a week since Peter called for the ambulance. Tony hasn’t gotten better at all, and even the doctors seem to agree that the encephalopathy seems to be getting worse as he’s getting disoriented all the time. May isn’t working now, and Peter is alone. Pepper had been here a little while back, but she and Happy had to leave again after only an hour. Vision came by as well, but he hadn’t said much. Rhodey is still there, though he's currently downstairs to get something to eat. Walking gets easier for him, so it seems, though he's still a bit shaky on his legs.
“You know what? Whatever… I can get more done alone anyway,” Peter mutters out, getting up from his seat and heading towards the door.
“Nah,” Tony returns. He knows it’s childish and that he should handle this better, but he can’t right now. “You head on out, and after the mission’s over just… hang out for a bit. No rush.”
surprise him is Steve pulling his hand away from his chest. That’s when Tony realizes he’s been rubbing his scar once again. He always seems to do that when he gets nervous, according to Steve.
Tony puts his fingers on the picture, wishing he could go back to those care-free days. Back when he hadn’t seen what he’s seen now. He takes a shaky breath, clearing his throat as he puts the picture back on the desk, turning towards Id-Jit and patting Peter’s bot on the ‘head’.
“It’s for of the lighting and the video footage,” she explains shortly without really explaining anything. Steve frowns, but he doesn’t speak up again after that. Eventually, the hosts come walking in. They’ve had contact with them a lot in the past few days, but never really has a program for the evening been announced to them. They said they would tell them the day itself.
“Hurry up or I’m leaving without you,” Johnny says, crossing his arms. Peter blinks at him, wondering if this is the point where he should apologize or not? He could, but he’s not sure he’s not going to snap at him again later in the week. Peter looks down at his hands, realizing they’re shaking. “Jesus, Peter, have you been sleeping at all lately?”
“Uh, the alternate version of Steve had a statement to make, I think,” Tony jokes. Then he eyes Steve curiously. “You’re not married, are you?”
There’s no answer in his mind now. All he can do is imagine Gwen standing there, looking at him with sadness and pity. It’s not a look he wants to receive, but in the end it’s his
Thor shrugs, then. “Love is often unpredictable,” he explains. “I had not seen Jane for a whole year after that fight. Look at us now.”
It scares him, but more than that it breaks his heart; knowing that his son has so much going on inside of him and that Tony can’t help him even though he wants to so much.
Once he passes Wanda’s tubes of blood, he stops for a moment, taking a long look at the young girl that is suddenly helping him. He doesn’t know why she’s doing it, but somehow she seems to find his reasons enough to do this.
“What are you thinking about?” Yaël asked after a few minutes of silence. Not that she minded the silence. She had just been staring at the movements the branches made when the wind caught them.
“Well, at least he’s not grabbing your ass,” Tony mutters out. He’s known Wade do it to many people. He even dared to touch Natasha’s, which didn’t really end up well for him as she snapped his neck without a single hesitation.
Seeing the screens that come with the tubes, Tony frowns. With slow steps, the three of them move forward. Now that he’s closer, he sees that they’re heart-monitors, showing the heart-function. Only, this one is flatlining. And the other one, too. And the other one…
“Well, if I say that there’s a party at my place tonight, you think you can bring her along? Or maybe that Spider-Man guy? He’s cool, too,” Flash asks, and Peter wants to laugh it out loud. Having finally untangled the earbuds, he slowly starts walking again. Flash follows him wordlessly.
They grind, they turn over until Steve is leaning above Tony, they even let out a few curses. But as soon as they reach their peak, it’s Steve who speaks up. And as those words ring in Tony’s ear, all his trouble from earlier, though for just a little while, seems to disappear.
“Well, he does now. It’s a dream Yaël, not the real deal. We can adjust it a bit.” The thin line between memory and dream was complicated, but she trusted the man in what he was doing. “So before I press play again, do you remember why we’re here?”
“No, you don’t need to do that. I can earn my own phone,” Peter assures him, causing for Steve to smile.
“Just say I’m a relationship-therapist now. Bruce will probably understand,” Peter jokes. The elevator opens up, and Peter pushes Tony inside. “C’mon. The sooner we’re there, the better!”
So in anticipation of watching Into The Spider-Verse with my friends, I've started watching a playthrough of the ps4 Spider-Man game. It reminded me of this timestamp I started writing, but after another bingewatching-session of Stranger Things inspiration arose, and with that I thought back of this thing.
“Suit?” Peter mumbles, looking down at his body and finding that he’s indeed still in the uniform. That’s weird, he doesn’t remember going out on patrol tonight? Though, there’s a lot he doesn’t remember, really. He shouldn’t be too surprised.
“No!” Hela looked more afraid than ever. Yaël had reduced her chances to fight this thing and Hela knew that. Hela knew that she was weakened and was no party against the enemy that was breaking down the whole palace, but even if Yaël hadn’t weakened her, Hela still wouldn’t win from that monster.
“Good, then I will see you in a few days’ time,” T’Challa concludes. When he steps again, Steve doesn’t follow anymore. He just stands there, watching the King walk away, feeling like he’s about ready to explode out of his own skin.
“Not the whole cosmos is Valhalla- I mean, yeah, sure,” he adjusted himself a bit dryly after seeing Raido, a massive warrior, raising his eyebrow.
“No, because it can create interdimensional portals, which is exactly what I need to get back home to my family.” Tony barely realizes he’s talking a bit too loud. Awkwardly, he lets out a short cough. “I don’t need the power of the stone. I don’t need it as a weapon. I just need the numbers and stuff…”
