“Are you kidding me?” says John with genuine shock, moving to the kitchen and turning on the kettle. “It’s basically a locked room murder, Sherlock. A locked
This has to be an 8, at least. You haven’t had a good puzzle in weeks. Haven’t had a good murder in…what, a couple months? That last one turned out to be a real bust.” It really had – he and John had rushed out to Croydon for what ended up being a simple bar fight gone wrong. It was infuriating and Sherlock was sure it was Dimmock’s payback for the
John let’s out a relieved half-laugh, half-sigh. “Okay, good. That’s good, babe. I’m glad. Really glad. I like it too.” He pauses and looks at Sherlock with a look of deep affection, twinged with something else. “You really are bloody gorgeous, love.”
The second Sherlock is out of the tiny room he pulls out his phone and starts typing. He sends two texts, the first to Lestrade.
This time John’s meaning is clear. Sherlock rereads the messages in disbelief, finally letting out a relieved chuckle. The tension he’d been holding in his shoulders melts away. Sherlock bites his lip (again…he’s going to end up breaking skin) as he scrolls back to the photo of John and allows arousal and reverence to wash over him. It’s exhilarating to think that John is having the same reaction. The feeling is incredible – a tingling down his spine and in his legs with heat pooled in his lower stomach and groin.
After a quick shower, Sherlock sits down, closes his eyes, and begins to mentally sort through the evidence
Sherlock smiles and opens his mouth as if he doesn’t know how to respond. He then closes it in a chuckle and wills his cheeks to redden. He hopes to convey embarrassment at the compliment to explain a shift in the conversation.
John leaves to head downstairs and Sherlock is happy to get a moment to collect himself. It is brief, however, as thirty seconds later he hears a flush and then the taps being turned on as Rosie washes her hands. Sherlock sighs, stands up, and makes his way to his bedroom to get dressed in record time.
Sherlock grins as he follows her. Perhaps Robson isn’t so bad. He looks around the stairwell and then climbs the stairs behind Robson, vaguely aware that the others are following. At the top, Sherlock surveys his surroundings and smiles when he sees the dense patch of trees and bushes at one end of the lot. He starts running towards the trees, yelling over his shoulder. “In here. The knife will be here.”
Sherlock is touched at the thoughtful gesture and also impressed. He had no idea that John purchased the book or had slipped anything in his bag. It’s not often that anyone can surprise him.
Sherlock turns around and starts pushing Robson to encourage her to move. It is incredibly annoying that the group can only move single file. He feels like a caged animal. Eventually everyone clues in and they collectively move away from the temporary wall.  After about 50 metres, the group reaches an emergency exit and Sherlock yells “STOP!” Everyone does and Sherlock goes to push the door. “Does opening this trigger an alarm?”
Robson chuckles on the other end of the line. Sherlock can hear the relief in her voice as she answers. “Took longer than it should have since there were no Kyles in our initial review. For a bit I thought you were wrong. We just had to look at bit deeper. The Director of Operations, Millie Jones, has one son. Robert. He’s 22, a history student, and one of the temporary summer staff. He’s also best friend to Riley Lechance. Robert lives at home with his parents. But he’s not the only kid in his twenties in the house – Millie is the oldest of five and her youngest brother is living with her while he studies at the University of Exeter. He’s had her address listed as his home address for the last two years. Name is Kyle Fletcher and he’s 25.”
Sherlock lies in bed for moment holding his phone. He knows John is asleep and won’t see the message until the morning. Before he can second guess himself, Sherlock sends another message.
Sherlock’s head snaps up. Someone is talking but it is a waste of everyone’s time. “What are the ghost stories about the passages?” he interrupts, loudly, looking at the manager. Whoever was talking has stopped (good) and everyone is staring at Sherlock. “What. Are. The. Ghost. Stories. Come on now, I don’t have all day.”
Sherlock clicks on the picture and John fills his screen. He is sitting in his chair again. It’s perfect. John has changed since the facetime call with Rosie and is now wearing Sherlock’s favourite shirt. It’s a plain white t-shirt that John reserves for the flat because it’s a touch too small. John would never buy a shirt that fit like that so it must have shrunk in the dryer. It pulls on John’s shoulder and reveals a stripe of hips and stomach when John reaches up (to get mugs for tea for example).
At the same time as all this, however, John has maintained a softness that radiates from his face, particularly his eyes. He looks like a man who would make you breakfast and gently tend to your wounds after protecting you in a fight. Which is exactly what he’s done for Sherlock on more than one occasion.
“She seemed sort of okay with the kissing, like not super into it, but not against it either. That was cool, I figured she was nervous. So, I…uhhh…started feeling her above her dress and she sort of kept hitting my hand away. But not like super hard or anything. So I…yeah. I put my hand under dress – at the top I mean – and on her…like her chest. Maybe caressed and…umm..squeezed a bit. But over the bra, so not so bad. But she freaked out! She pushed me away and didn’t give me a chance to explain. She just stood up and legged it. I was going to let her go to. I didn’t chase her or anything!” Fletcher looks up and raises his hands as if surrendering. Sherlock wants to interrupt to point out that the reason Fletcher didn’t stop Madison Rice is because he knew she wouldn’t talk about their rendez-vous with anyone. Surely, she had figured out that they were trespassing and would not want to risk getting in trouble.
“No, of course not,” interrupts Sherlock, head in hands, eyes closed. “She wrote letters. Of course.” He looks at Persuasion. “Pouring out your soul in
Slater smiles as he answers. He is clearly trying to put Sherlock at ease. Excellent. “Yeah, that was all me. It’s a bit of a blur, but there were eight crossed out in the book. I didn’t mention this but I know that two of those were cancellations of regulars. They were so apologetic.”
“One more page?” Rosie asks, rubbing her eyes. She is exhausted. Getting her into pajamas and upstairs had been a nightmare and she had fought every step of the way. Lots of tears and jumping on the couch and ridiculous demands (
Sherlock feels the incoming texts at about 8:30 AM, as expected. He is sure that John completed his research last night (John being as bad as Sherlock about forgoing sleep when he got on a roll) but held off on sending a message out of fear he’d wake up his friend. John is sending the messages now as he has just boarded the 8:35 train to Hampshire (Mrs. Hudson having agreed to walk Rosie to school) and is waiting to leave.
The train ride was uneventful and, surprisingly, on time. It is now noon and Sherlock finds himself in the Devon & Cornwall Police Exeter HQ sitting at a table with the investigative team. It’s already excruciating. CI Robson does seem
The white t-shirt has featured prominently in Sherlock’s imagination and has for months. John wearing that shirt in his bed is enough to cause his erection to grow to painful levels.
Sherlock is sure that phone Kyle is their killer. He has to get out of this conversation quickly. He smiles and says “no, let’s not” before shifting in his seat as if his mobile is vibrating. He pulls it out and opens up his most recent text. He furrows his brow as he pretends to read. Then he sighs and pockets his phone.
Sherlock has only been working for about ten minutes when he pulls out his phone and types out a message.
Robson had invited Sherlock to join her on the trip to the airport. He’d considered it, but ultimately decided it would be pointless. He (and Robson) had no concerns that Julie Fast would try to hide any information. The young woman didn’t have anything to hide and she’d be desperate to help the police find who killed her friend. She’d answer Robson’s questions without hesitation and then that information would be shared with Sherlock (and the team) immediately. Sherlock also feared that Julie Fast would have little useful information to share – Madison Rice was deeply private and most likely kept identifying details of her pen pal to herself. He really didn’t want to make a round trip to Heathrow for a useless discussion.
It takes Sherlock, Robson, and TS almost thirty minutes to get to the other side of the wall. They must walk back through the passage, leave through the front entrance (ignoring the journalists that have gathered, having heard Sherlock is in town), drive to another entrance, and wait for both a constable to deliver a drill as well as a passages staff member (Doug? Dan? Maybe Dan) to let them in. There are different branches to the passages from this side, but Dan quickly leads them to the other side of the temporary wall.
He removes his pants and moves towards the shower. His arousal had lessened a bit, but its physical effects are still quite apparent. He turns the knob on the shower to the coldest setting. He glances at his phone to see John has replied.
Sherlock narrows his eyes. “There’s something else,” Sherlock interjects, leaning forward. “What is it?”
Sherlock is standing outside the interview room containing Riley Lechance and his parents. The young man arrived at the station about fifteen minutes ago, but Robson wanted to make him wait. Sherlock has reviewed the crime scene photos and CCTV in detail and admits that he still doesn’t know how the crime was committed. He partially blames the quality of the photos. It’s infuriating. While the photos of the body itself are clear, the rest of the photos look like a child took them (although Rosie could have likely done better). Some are dark, some are blurry, and there are parts of the scene that weren’t photographed at all. The CCTV footage is better – there are clear views of the main door and the entrance to the tunnels. Until Sherlock sees the site in-person, however, he cannot eliminate the possibility that someone could evade the cameras if they moved carefully. Sherlock will head to the crime scene himself after this interview (regardless of whether Lechance confesses). He just hopes that Devon and Cornwall’s finest haven’t destroyed the site.
Robson, who was as frustrated as Sherlock, was currently driving down to Heathrow. Julie Fast’s flight would be landing at 10 PM and Robson wanted to question her, in person, as soon as possible. Everyone was hoping that the young woman would know something about Madison Rice’s pen pal. A last name would be ideal, although Sherlock suspected that the victim had kept that information to herself.
After half an hour, Sherlock has not been able to discern anything new. He’s annoyed. He wants tea. He wants John to make him tea. With a huff, he types out a message.
Over the course of the day, the sergeants had tracked down all the Kyles that worked at the underground passages (1, although it was his middle name) or on the construction crew (2) and eliminated them as suspects. There was little to no chance of them getting a list of other people who had access to the passages during construction. Now the police were back to trying to find any sort of identifying information about the 36 users on the message board. They were also still trying to track down where the knife might have been purchased.
Sherlock’s voice is deep and gravely. He wishes he could draw this out, but he doesn’t have time. “John. I have spent countless nights fantasizing about you in my bed. That t-shirt bunched up in my fist as I pull you against my body, your hands in my hair. Our skin sticky and salty with sweat. God I want to lick you all over. Everywhere. And I want you to come because of me. Because of my hands. Because of my mouth. Because of my body. Please John, stay in my bed and come for me. I want to smell you there when I return tomorrow. Please, John. I beg you.”
busy couple of days. Holding Slater’s gaze, Sherlock goes on to explain that he just needs a short break to recharge. He starts complimenting the restaurant, explaining how he loves the décor (making a joke about his soulless accommodations near the police station, which Slater correctly identifies as the Holiday Inn) and notes that he couldn’t help but notice the
Slater chuckles. “I know stuff comes up. Honestly, I didn’t mind at all on Monday. We had so many walk-ins that it was easy to fill those spots.”
Slater misinterprets the motion as an invitation to enter and starts pushing into the room. At the same time, Sherlock moves back to his original position blocking the door. The result is a gentle collision. Sherlock lets out a suprised “oof” and drops his mobile while Slater let’s out a breathy chuckle.
John had gone to Sherlock’s favourite bakery to get his favourite pastry. He had left Baker Street this morning and gone to Layla’s Bakery in Notting Hill – in the opposite direction from King’s Cross. This trip to the bakery must have more than doubled John’s travel time. Although Sherlock can see the crumb remnants of a cherry turnover on John’s shirt (John’s regular order at Layla’s), the purpose of the detour was clearly to get Sherlock a chocolate croissant. Sherlock fears he won’t be able to speak lest his voice crack with emotion.
It takes less time for Sherlock to actually take down the wall. He’s able to walk through the barrier (while being watched by an embarrassed Robson, a wide-eyed TS, and a confused Dan) in about to 25 minutes. He’s then able to put the wall back up in less than 15 minutes. The process does take some manoeuvring – even when the screws are removed, the presence of the beams holds the wall in place. But with some angling of the wood, Sherlock is able to extract it from the bottom beams and slip to the other side. There is no doubt it’s how the murderer got in and out of the crime scene.
By now Sherlock has tuned out Robson and the roommate (Kelly? Kerry? Yes, Kerry) but he registers something the latter has just said. Something about writing. This is important, but he isn’t sure why.
he’ll be ready for a trip away. Besides, he’ll can start pestering Lestrade for a case (any case) first thing tomorrow.
Sherlock is about to lose his mind and lets out a quiet moan. The endearment is the icing on the cake. He’s managed to awkwardly remove his trousers and is lying on the bed. He hasn’t touched himself yet and decides to wait until John asks him to. No, until John instructs him to.
Sherlock smiles at the screen and considers what to say next. He knows that he and John are low-level flirting. It’s not the first time. It’s something he and John have been doing for years (probably since John and Rosie moved into Baker St.) if they text at night when one of them is away. Come to think of it, that’s probably why John didn’t balk at being asked for a photo. Really, it’s just an extension of what they’d been doing already. And Sherlock
“It’s a murder in a closed underground passage!” yells Lestrade, throwing his hands in the air. “It’s usually a bit of maze, but they have most of the passages blocked off because of maintenance. There is only one entrance to the tunnel where the vic was murdered and the passage is only about half a kilometre long.  There is footage of the vic entering the passage but no evidence of anyone else entering. Or leaving. It took place sometime between 10 and 11 this morning which means there were crowds of people going about their days on the streets above the passages with no idea there was a woman being murdered beneath the surface. Sherlock, how are you not interested?”
Sherlock is already on his computer when John returns. “Let me tell you about aqueducts, John,” Sherlock says without looking up.
“We will continue the adventure tomorrow,” Sherlock replies, ignoring her question. “I’ll go get your father to tuck you in.”
Rosie’s mini-tantrum is quickly forgotten as Sherlock spends the next hour discussing aqueducts, Exeter Cathedral, and various other features of the city of Exeter. They look up photos on Sherlock’s laptop and Rosie asks questions that impress both John and Sherlock in their complexity. She seems fascinated by the architecture of the underground aqueducts and how it compares to the water transportation systems used today.
Robson snorts. “Right. I’ll meet you back at the station. Good luck with” she gestures her hand at Sherlock’s shirt “all that.”
With shaking fingers Sherlock undoes all the buttons on his shirt. He makes his way back to the armchair and considers the best position. After a pause, he plops down in the chair sideways with his legs hanging over the side. He leans against one armrest, holding his back straight. It’s not comfortable, but in this position, he should be able to get his whole torso and head in the frame easily. His fingers still shaking, he pulls the shirt down off both shoulders so his full chest and stomach are totally exposed. He can’t believe he’s doing this.
“Yes, actually. Almost always although there’s been a few sightings elsewhere.” The manager looks perplexed. It’s obvious that this idiot manager thinks Sherlock is suggesting a ghost killed Madison Rice. He turns his attention to Robson.
increase Sherlock’s anxiety to see John in person. But it doesn’t. Seeing John immediately calms Sherlock. It really feels like coming home.
John’s suggestion is enough to tip the scales. It’s true that seeing Rosie in the morning makes leaving more palatable. As does John cabbing over to King’s Cross with Sherlock. And if Robson is right about the suspect, Sherlock can likely get it all wrapped up tomorrow. Quick interview of Lechance and then an examination of the passages.  A puzzle and only a short time away from home.
Slater licks his lips and smiles (smirks?) at Sherlock. “You really are like a dog on a bone. It’s…well…quite alluring, Mr. Holmes. Message received. Here, take this,” he hands Sherlock the bottle of wine. “I wasn’t totally sure you’d be here, so I attached my card. Call me the second you solve your case, and we’ll celebrate. I’ll help you unwind. Hmm?”
“Not much, unfortunately,” says John with a sigh. She was very active on that D&D message board and then just stopped posting kind of abruptly a couple years ago. That was the most detailed thing I found. The posts were long and almost poetic. She often tried to help others, answering their questions. She really seemed…I don’t know…open on there which isn’t the case for social media. Her facebook and Instagram are almost empty. No twitter. I found a tumblr too and she used to be active on there, but just reblogging gifs and fanart related to fantasy stuff. Nothing personal.”
“Hmmm.” Sherlock pushes the wall. It’s obviously meant to be short-term barrier. It’s crude and simple - basically a single piece of wood. Feels like it’s only about an inch or two thick. There are both horizontal and vertical beams attached to the passage walls, and the wood barrier wall is attached at the corners where the beams meet. Sherlock narrows his eyes and moves closer, focusing his flashlight on the corners. It looks like the wall
He’s holding his mobile in his right hand and is rereading the messages exchanged with John this morning. They are almost all innocuous and boring. The only two texts of note are a picture of Rosie in her school uniform giving him a thumbs up (for solving the case John had explained) and John’s first message this morning.
“It will once we reopen. But not now. It opens to a stairwell that leads to a parking lot on Northernhay Place. The lot is pretty big so it was the perfect place to get equipment deliveries and the like. So, the construction crew had it propped open most of the time during renovations. Mrs. Jones tried to get them to close it but eventually just gave up and turned of the alarm.” Dan leans in and whispers loudly, like he’s telling Sherlock a secret, “The construction workers did a real number on the door to keep it open. Doesn’t actually lock now. Mrs. Jones, she’s Director of Operations, was livid. Tough to open from the outside, since there is no handle, but it is possible now. The construction crew certainly managed it a few times when the door closed by mistake.”
Robson coughs. “Yes, of course. I’ll show you there now. Sergeant Wilson get together all the photos and files for Mr. Holmes.” She starts walking and Sherlock follows. “Look,” she says quietly once they reach the empty office, “I just want to get this solved as soon as possible. I’d rather you not insult anyone on the team directly but honestly, we need your help. Anything you need, just ask.”
Sherlock opens the photo and zooms in on Rosie’s peaceful sleeping face. She really is an angel. While he’s looking at the photo a couple more messages arrive.
The digital team had discovered, however, that there had been a lecture on Victorian paranormal myths and legends in London at the end of January. The lecture had been discussed extensively on the message board and Madison Rice (or rather Wannabee_Lizzie_Bennet), along with about 50(!) other users, had indicated they were going. The message board users were all supposed to wear white buttons to identify one another. Madison Rice must have exchanged addresses with
Sherlock tries to read John’s face and body language as his friend walks to meet him. John is excited, his eyes soft with fondness. There is no obvious regret in his gait, but there is anxiety. Maybe a touch of guilt (guilt without regret…interesting). All in all, annoyingly inconclusive.
“Of course it wasn’t working!” says Sherlock, laughing sarcastically. “And of course, that wasn’t in the notes.” He pauses and looks around. “Well, while I am here, we might as well find the murder weapon. Start moving.”
John stops and looks at him with such adoration (and a hint of…impatience?) that Sherlock isn’t sure he can stand it. “Sherlock, that is a lovely idea and quite touching to be honest. But,” he looks at his watch, “we only have just over two hours before we have to pick up Rosie.”
“Good,” declares John, as he turns to towards the women. “He’s brilliant and even better looking in person, don’t you think?” he says loudly. The two giggle and nod. John turns his attention back to Sherlock. “Utterly brilliant.”
. She met him online and then they exchanged letters. There was some exchange of addresses but then no electronic trail.” He starts tearing through the room again even though he just did a search for a tablet and would have noticed a pile of letters.
Rosie storms into the room with all the grace of a stampeding elephant. John is quick on her heels, whispering that she needs to be quiet.
The time spent in the reception area is primarily focused on considering the angles and views of the CCTV cameras. The camera fixed on the main entrance would be impossible to evade, but it is technically possible for someone to avoid being seen on the camera fixed on the entrance of the passages themselves. It would be difficult, however, and would require someone to be small and nimble. Young. Sherlock also checks the loo to verify Riley Lechance’s story. The lavatory is a fair distance to both the main door and the entrance of the passages. It is believable that Lechance would not have heard Madison Rice enter the reception or walk to the passages. The loo is also very clean and surprisingly large. A tempting napping place for an entitled kid who has been up all night and is developing a hangover.
John stops and looks back at Sherlock with an affectionate smile. “What?” he asks, before starting to laugh, himself.
Any time they had to spare gets eaten up by the battle to get Rosie’s shoes on. She has recently decided that she
John turns his attention to his daughter. “Rosie, it’s time for you to go to the loo and then we’ll be off.” Rosie huffs but makes her way to the bathroom. “Does your neck feel any better, Sherlock?” John asks, concern apparent in his gaze.
“You must be surprised at no shows though. I mean with the restaurant having such a great reputation.” Sherlock takes another small drink of his wine. His glass is almost empty. “I mean who would pass up on an opportunity to dine here,” he adds, looking directly at Slater.
Robson is still driving back from Heathrow but tells Sherlock she will take care of calling her team and let them know what to do going forward. She’s sure her sergeants will still be at the station. No one is going to get a good night’s rest until Kyle is found. Sherlock can tell that Robson is itching to be able to do
John chuckles again and looks at his shoes. “Course you did. You probably knew I was going to write it up before I did.” He looks up and holds Sherlock’s gaze. John’s eyes are beautiful. Today they are blue-green and Sherlock can’t look away. John cocks his head to the side. “You look like you had about three hours of sleep, Sherlock. And like you haven’t eaten anything today.” John is trying to sound stern, but he is smiling, and his voice is laden with affection. Sherlock realizes they aren’t moving and are fixed in the middle of the platform, passengers bustling around them.
Sherlock realizes John has no idea what he heard. All he knows is that there was some sort of collision between he and Slater, surprise (from Sherlock) and giggling (from Slater). “No, no. He just tried to come in and I prevented it. That’s all. He left. It’s fine, John.”
“Knocked out with what?” John queries before Sherlock can ask the same question. His brilliant John.
Lestrade shakes his head, keeping his focus on Sherlock. “Victim was a 26-year-old elementary teacher, Madison Rice. Quiet. Well loved. No known enemies. Born and raised in the city. Single. Lives with a roommate. Parents and roommate both say she was risk-adverse, and no one knows why she went to the passages this morning.”
Sherlock can’t help but snicker. “Sure, that’s fine, John,” he replies, through his final bite of croissant.
“Yeah, that’s right,” confirms the roommate. “Lately she was always writing or getting letters. Didn’t know it was a bloke but it makes sense. She checked the mail everyday and would run into her room smiling if she got a letter.”
Sherlock rummages through his notes until he finds the transcript of the Riley Lechance interview. It’s plain as day. Lechance never explicitly said he was planning on leaving his post temporarily to go the post-party breakfast, but it was implied. The breakfast was a tradition and Lechance would never miss out on an opportunity to socialize. The young man basically telegraphs a deep-seated FOMO. And as a new temporary staff member, he would not be trusted with a key so would leave the door open. And Kyle knew it. Kyle knew about Lechance’s priorities and knew about the parties and the post-party breakfast.
Sherlock is awakened by the sounds of tiny feet stomping down the stairs. The light streaming through the sitting room windows reveal that it is about half-six. Sherlock sits up slowly, his neck stiff and angry that he fell asleep on the sofa. He does a few neck stretches (which have no real effect) and rubs his eyes before organizing the papers strewn across the table.
“Turn around,” responds John, chuckling. Sherlock arches an eyebrow but complies, watching John over his shoulder. “You didn’t quite get this shirt tucked in here. Wouldn’t want to embarrass yourself in front of Exeter’s finest.”
“I can assure you, Sherlock, that I have plenty of energy for anything I find exciting,” Slater purrs. Sherlock wants to throw up a little. Instead, he giggles.
“Brute force. Looks like her head was slammed against the wall of the passage. Would have knocked her out cold.”
Sherlock is a tiny bit hurt at the insinuation that he would be eager to leave John and Rosie. “I haven’t been
Sherlock and Robson get into her car to drive to talk to Madison Rice’s parents. They have already been interviewed, but Robson is hoping that Sherlock’s questioning will prove helpful. Sherlock has no idea why he agreed to it the endeavour will certainly be a total waste of time. Once that interview is done, Sherlock and Robson will stop and do a quick check in at the The Botanist. That will also likely be useless but there is a chance the restaurant will have some record of people who didn’t show up to their reservations on Monday. Sherlock sighs as Robson pulls into traffic. They are close but he suspects he will be spending another night in Exeter before this is wrapped up.
As with many things associated with the passages, I invented the ghost story. But, it seems like the place where people might expect to come across a ghost!
“As you probably guessed, all reservations are written in that book,” Robson explains, pointing back at the bar. “Which means that no-shows are treated the same as cancellations. Just crossed out. There were eight cancellations or no-shows over the lunch period on Monday but it’s hard to read anything from the book that’s been crossed out.”
“Someone made me eat dinner yesterday so I’m fine.” Sherlock keeps his eyes locked on John’s until he notices a bit of movement. John is taking a bag out of his pocket. Sherlock recognizes it immediately and chuckles. Much to his horror, he also feels a blush coming to his cheeks. Now it’s his turn to look at his shoes.
His perfect John. Sherlock would never have been able to bring himself to end the call, but it is what he needs. One of the reasons Sherlock prefers to text is that he can do so while he works. “Thank you, John. Good night.”
The phone rings. For a split-second Sherlock thinks its John but then he sees the ID. It’s Robson. It takes him another few seconds to remember where he is and why she is calling. Half an hour ago Sherlock was desperate for Robson to call but he’s now incensed at the interruption. Who cares about the case! John is in his bed, they are both hard, and this has almost happened.
Rosie falls asleep after two pages. Toad is still locked up. They’ll have to come back to this chapter tomorrow.
Over the last three weeks, Sherlock has been away from John for more than nine days. 232 hours to be exact. Unacceptable. The first week Sherlock was away two days and two nights giving testimony at a trial in Manchester. It was only supposed to be one night, but his testimony was delayed at the last minute. Infuriating. The next week, Sherlock spent four excruciating days and three painful nights in Belgium helping Mycroft with an incredibly dull task relating to the UK-EU negotiations. It was beyond tedious, and Sherlock suspected Mycroft just wanted his company for the trip as big brother knew it would all be dreadfully boring. The only reason Sherlock had agreed to the nightmare trip was because he owed his brother a favour (Mycroft being instrument in ensuring John got the interview for his new position) and Mycroft choose to cash it in. The separation continued last week when John had to stay at Army Headquarters in Hampshire for three days and four nights for the annual training of medical support staff. Sherlock had obviously been with Rosie for those three days (which was far more exhausting than chasing the fastest criminal across London) but the absence of John for had hit him hard. The long and the short of it was that his home had been disrupted recently and it had drained Sherlock far more than he expected.
bored,” Sherlock lies. John raises his eyebrows. “Fine, I’ve been bored. But I am sure something will turn up in London soon. Lestrade’s vacation is over as of tomorrow.” He changes slides under the microscope again before quietly adding, “Exeter is far.”
Sherlock looks to John and gives a tiny nod. John’s face lights up and he smiles broadly. Sherlock can’t help but smile back, his heart growing tight in his chest. John is looking at him with such pride and unguarded affection. It makes Sherlock feel like he could do anything. The two lock eyes and Sherlock swears he can feel the tension in the air.
Riley Lechance looks awkwardly at his parents and then to Robson. She sighs and gives him a nod. He then starts describing his day, struggling to determine what constitutes too much detail. Five minutes later he’s made it to the point where he was interviewed by Robson and Sherlock holds up a hand to stop him.
Sherlock sighs as he realizes one of the starstruck sergeants is rambling on about the procedures they generally follow for interrogations. Dull and irrelevant. “I need to see all crime scene photos before Lechance arrives. And the CCTV footage,” Sherlock interrupts, standing up. “Any notes you have too, as useless as they may be. I assume you have a desk for me here. I’d prefer if it was in an office with a door so that I don’t have to listen to all this,” he adds, gesturing in the general direction of the sergeants.
to his long examination of John’s beauty, so he tears his eyes away and returns to their text exchange.
Sherlock pops out of the chair and sprints to the bed. He stands beside it, awkwardly pulling the shirt off his shoulders and undoing his belt. Should he send another photo? Would that be too much? To be honest, he doesn’t want to bother right now and the words seem to be working quite well.
“I had the knife. I didn’t bring it to hurt her. I thought Maddy would like it. I didn’t even get to show it to her. I just. I just did it. I saw that she brought the letters and her tablet so I thought I could get away with it. So, I stabbed her.” Fletcher breaks out into full blown sobs.
hasn’t been found. Sherlock is half-listening as he searches the deceased’s room while Robson asks the young woman questions. As Sherlock had hoped, Robson is the only officer in the flat as the other sergeants have been sent off to carry out other tasks (trying to track down where the knife was purchased, looking into local ghost groups, and doing background on the passage and construction staff).
Sherlock quickly reads through the texts between Julie Fast and Madison Rice from the victim’s phone looking for a clue about interests.
Just outside the school, Sherlock hails a cab, and he and John are on their way to King’s Cross. Sherlock starts outlining what little he knows of the case as John listens attentively. There is nothing fishy in the background of the victim. She seems like a boring teacher. No periods of rebellion, no broken engagements, and generally well liked, although it seems there are very few that knew her well. The suspect is equally boring. Sure, he has a bit more history, but he is the stereotype of a slightly rebellious youth with devoted parents. He’s a student at Exeter University and there are no links to any criminal networks. But, based on the descriptions by Robson, he is
John is right and it’s hateful. The police should be able to identify siblings and children of staff relatively quickly. Non-staff attending the parties may take longer. But the police can carry out the search a lot more quickly than either John or Sherlock. So, for the time being, Sherlock’s only distraction is texting John.
“Right,” says the manager, eyes darting between the various officers. “Well, you are right, there are some legends. There is supposedly a ghost that wanders the passages when they are empty. A worker who died when they were originally built. Most sightings or strange sounds happen at night, but others have been reported during the day when the passages are near empty.” The manager chuckles, “the ghost only seems to show his face if there are only one or two people here. It’s all just legend of course but…there you have it.”
Sherlock examines the owner closely. He’s a few years older than Sherlock (about John’s age) and built like John…albeit much taller. He must be at least 6’3. Strong shoulders and chest. His deep beige skin is obviously well taken care of (moisturizer and sunscreen used daily), and his salt and pepper hair is styled with quite a bit of product. Not a hair out of place. Forgettable features (in Sherlock’s opinion) but society would certainly label the man as quite fit. He’s also gay. Sherlock sighs knowing what he is probably going to have to do.
Sherlock groans inwardly at what he’s about to say. But needs must. Outwardly he smiles, looks directly at the glass (deliberately avoiding Slater’s gaze) and says “Sounds perfect. I need a little spice in my life. And I
Sherlock clears his throat. “Yes, thank you. Much better. It feels much better. Very much. Better. Thank you, John. That was…good.”
. Sherlock curses under his breath as he looks through the peephole. On the other side stands Rich Slater, holding a bottle of red wine and two glasses.
John manages to sigh and clear his throat at the same time while still trying to supress his smile. “That’s my cue to go tuck in a tired little girl. I’ll see you two in a few minutes,” he says as he exits the kitchen.
It took Sherlock a moment to break through the haze of conflicted arousal and realise that his brother was talking to him. The realisation that he would have to face Mycroft solved the problem entirely. "Of course," he replied. "It is working exactly as I planned it to."
The Emperor rolled his eyes. "Why would someone attempt to murder your wife, or your old military friend? We must be on the right track in our investigations. Had I not been so fearful for your life, I would be delighted."
John looked at Sherlock – had the old woman recognised him? But he only caught the merest glimpse of the puzzled slant of Sherlock's mouth and chin before he ducked his head back out of view. "I am sorry, my dear woman," Sherlock rumbled after a moment, his voice fluid and deep and soothing. "Would you happen to know whether the gentleman who lives here is in?"
even more extraordinary. Mary's and my love was something that we made ourselves, but I feel as though you and I were
Sherlock returned his timid smile. "I do not wish to upset her," he replied, also keeping his voice down in case she was about to answer the door. "But the questions I wish to ask are about upsetting matters. And…" he paused, not sure if his other worry was valid or whether John would laugh. "You were married to her daughter, and I am your lover. That naturally makes me the enemy, does it not?"
Then they were back into it, the smooth rhythm of back-and-forth, punishingly fast. John barely blinked for fear that he would miss a jab or a cut, fail to block one move that might incapacitate him just enough.
Sensing the trouble that John was in, the others started to circle; someone made a half-hearted stab at the tendons behind his knees, and he spun to defend himself against the blow and earned a skilful jab in the ribs with the trident, drawing blood.
He felt terrifically guilty and ashamed at his own reaction, and this made it difficult somehow to go to Sherlock and apologise, not that he would get anywhere near the Emperor without prior permission anyway.
Sherlock had bunched his purple cloak over his shoulders as they ran; he spread it out now, over one arm and down to fall across his toga in true ceremonial fashion. He seemed to stand straighter, too, pulling himself up a further two inches on his already impressive height.
The man's lips were soft and pliant; they bent and curved under the gentle touch of Sherlock's own as he carefully opened and closed his mouth, one hand holding his jaw steady while the other remained gently on his hip, urging their lower halves close. He could feel his heartbeat running away with him, feel the animal impulse to push harder all at once, but he ignored the itch. Had he wanted a rough, animalistic rut, he would have requested a prostitute. He wanted to take
of his relationship with John, the way his eyes would dart away as though looking for someone specific. The way he had always seemed so grumpy when Sherlock came back from the Circus full of
Sherlock kissed his inner thigh. "So I will be the first to touch you in this way?" he asked, feeling his own arousal twitch at the thought. John made a noise of assent. Sherlock had to close his eyes for a moment to avoid losing control completely. He wanted to be
defeat the other man, but the promise of a difficult fight was exhilarating and he couldn't let his attention stray.
is when we fell in love with you. Mycroft was… diplomatic, and I am certain he would have been a good Emperor. But you… you are passionate, and energetic, and you
The cage door at the opposite side of the arena rattled again. John, swords still held aloft, turned back to the box where the Emperor sat. He could just make out the shape of Lestrade and the tall, thin silhouette of Mycroft Holmes on either side of him. He smiled reassuringly. He knew Sherlock couldn't see the smile, but if he could read his lover's expression in the way he was holding his body he knew Sherlock's sharp eyes wouldn't miss the sentiment in his.
The other caterpillar-like eyebrow joined the first, frost-coloured eyes flashing. "Ah." John risked meeting that brilliant gaze; Sherlock Holmes smiled kindly. "You come across as a remarkable man, Watson. I am confident you will do well in my court."
Sherlock smiled at each gladiator as he ventured into the arena, comfortable with the fact that he knew each man's name and where he had come from. Two of them had volunteered to the arena as younger men, full of the arrogance of youth; the rest, besides John, were slaves captured in battle from foreign places. He had offered each their freedom or a place among his gladiators when he had decided that he wanted them in his court, but Sherlock knew just as well as any of them the addictive nature of winning bouts, and no-one had ever chosen a freedman's life.
John grinned at the man pinned beneath the gaze of his swords before casting the weapons aside and helping him up. The taller, younger man smiled back at him, accepting the hand and climbing fluidly to his feet; he clapped John on the back in a friendly manner as they walked away, laughing raucously to each other about the various wrong moves each had made in the early-morning training. It was difficult to focus one's mind so soon after rising from sleep, especially if the night had been as interesting as John's.
They half-lay against the alley wall for a long time, until Sherlock's head had mostly stopped spinning and his breathing had evened out. Then John stood carefully and retied his loincloth, shaking out the dirt first. Sherlock made a few half-hearted attempts to rise, but it was easily apparent that his legs would not work without outside help; John chuckled at his plight and then gently pulled him up and set him on his feet before untying and re-affixing his loincloth. Sherlock watched him wrap the fabric with brisk efficiency, and when it was done John carefully tipped Sherlock's face downwards and kissed him chastely on the lips. "Do not think that I could leave you, Sherlock," he said quietly.
watch the residence of Claudia Morstan, and her son Arrian. If John is in danger, it is likely they will be."
Hearty apologies for the continued lack of smut. Next chapter our sole focus will be on rectifying this. XD
Sherlock pictured it, the two of them sitting on this same bed, their hair gone to grey and their skin to wrinkles with the weight of years spent together. His hands clenched on John's hips, bunching toga and skin between his fingers. "I love you," he gasped out, burying his face against the shorter man's chest, trying to hide the way his throat had closed and his eyes were prickling.
There was, of course, the matter of the act Holmes had asked him to perform. Taking penetrative sex from another man would earn him more disrepute than joining the gladiators had. And yet, it was not as though the Emperor was about to scream it from the top tier of the Circus Maximus. And besides, he was already
At the very least, he wanted to be able to simply spend some time with Sherlock without the pressure of catching anyone's killer.
Confused, John blinked. "One of them was condemned to death anyway - I had no better shot," he protested. Dimmock held up a hand.
There was more blood on the floor, a more substantial smear in which the clear shape of a footprint could be made out. John knelt beside him and whistled lowly at it.
Sherlock nodded after a moment's further evaluation. "He missed everything vital," he confirmed, wincing as John's fingers probed harshly at it. "Leave it, John – you cannot see anything in this light."
There was something new about the kiss, he thought, a joy that had not been there previously. A weight that had been lifted from his shoulders now that he
"John," Sherlock pleaded, hurrying after him and touching his arm, trying to get him to turn around. "I did not mean –"
"I will replace it," Sherlock promised the cowering fisherman, who looked to be frozen in utter shock. "In fact, once I have ascertained that Small did not steal this boat, and I do not believe it likely that he did, you may have it if you wish, to keep or sell as you please."
The woman gasped and immediately shoved the chair out from underneath her feet in order to sink to her knees. "My Lord," she said quickly. "I apologise for my rudeness, I did not know –"
fought with two swords and no shield, against men with often longer weapons and heavy shields. Sherlock smiled again. This could get interesting.
John tore his eyes away from the numeral on the wall and nodded. Sherlock repeated the gesture. "Four friends. There must be something, something they
He looked down at himself; he had thought that the dagger was hidden from the outside eye. He had placed it carefully, in case Holmes became too rough or threatening. Knowing that the Emperor must have spotted it immediately, John felt his face flush with embarrassment. One thick eyebrow arched upwards, tugging the corner of Holmes' cupid's-bow with it. "Do not mistake me, Watson. I am pleased you still
for the cut to the back that would surely be his undoing, but he didn't seem to have a choice. The most he could do was straighten his back and whimper as he straightened his leg.
His lover smiled for a moment, but his sturdy face quickly fell back into a frown. "And, of course, it would stop me from fighting to the death in the Circus Maximus," he said, studying Sherlock's face closely.
A strangled noise of disgust escaped John's throat, tangling in Sherlock's hair. "Bacchus forbid," he said in mock-horror. "You would have to begin forcing your gladiators to choose your arena or death."
of his heartbeat reverberating through his fingers. "As have I," he confessed, sighing in content and closing his eyes. His nose was just brushing against the corner of John's chin, and the smell of him was almost overwhelming. "Goodnight, John."
Outside, the last of the standing criminals – bandits, John remembered, who had been brave enough to venture inside the city's boundaries – fell to his knees, and one of the city gladiators quickly stepped up behind him and cut his throat. The crowd exploded. John took a deep breath. "He knows I cannot," he finished, but he didn't think Angelo heard. The big gladiator slapped him hard on the back.
nothing more that he could do to keep John safe; that whatever precautions he might take, once John had entered the arena it was beyond his control.
The Emperor sat up and yanked the toga over his head, wincing as the forgotten pin holding it together snagged on a thick strand of his dark curly hair. John couldn't help but watch it as it flew over the side of the bed with an impatient sigh from Sherlock; fabric would be softer, more forgiving around his wrists than rope.
John smirked at the trembling man underneath him and kept his mouth closed as he bent his head to Sherlock's inner thighs. The Emperor sighed, his eyes closing again. John was quietly surprised that he had not attempted to push John to go faster yet. As a reward, he stuck out his tongue and licked a long, firm stripe up the seam of his balls, resting his nose at the base of the long, proud erection he found at the end of his tongue. Sherlock made a guttural sound in the back of his throat; when John looked up at him around his penis, he had twisted his hands to grip
of a man touching him so gently, in control while Sherlock lay back and closed his eyes against the sensations John's mouth and hands were flooding his body with.
, John had asked. Sherlock didn't know why. The dimachaerus didn't fit any of the tales of love Sherlock's mother had told him in her rare maternal moments – he was not so extraordinarily beautiful that he took Sherlock's breath away, and nor had they grown up together like the Greek Achilles and Patrocles or saved each other's lives – but that, perhaps conversely, was how Sherlock knew that it
They had smelled it before they saw it. The acrid, coppery smell of blood that crept under your nostrils and skin and into your lungs; they had followed it, John's heart raising a storm in his throat. And then they had seen it.
John nodded perfunctorily. "Rest has been thin on the ground recently, I admit, with all of our nocturnal activities."
John and Angelo, used to rhythmic training exercises in the arena – Lestrade was particularly fond of them – fell into an easy rhythm together fairly quickly, and for a few moments it seemed they were gaining on Small. The fisherman, however, turned to Sherlock. "Your Excellency, please forgive me, but if they catch the wind we will not be able to reach them."
John kissed the top of his head, his arms coming up to cradle it to his chest. Sherlock could feel his smile through his curls. "I love you too," he murmured in response, enveloping Sherlock in warmth and the sound of his breathing. He closed his eyes and let the rest of the world fade away; John was safe, John loved him, John wanted to grow old with him, John would be
"What was wrong with Lestrade?" the gladiator asked finally, pressing circular patterns into Sherlock's scalp that made his eyes roll back into his head. "Or should I not ask?"
Sherlock Holmes smiled. "No matter. You will need a garment with a hood, in any case. Here," he said brightly, bending to muddle through a trunk of outer clothing at the foot of the enormous bed. Smiling as he straightened, Holmes held out a thick black outdoor cloak to him. "It may drag on the ground a little, but it will cover the thickness of your shoulders compared to mine."
Claudia Morstan's door swung open. Sherlock restrained the urge to tug his cowl further over his face as her broad, friendly-looking one fell into a concerned frown. "Can I help you?" she asked, sounding worried.
The next swing at the man's own stomach landed so hard that it knocked the block right out of the way and drew a long line up his side that quickly filled in with blood. John raised an eyebrow at his opponent as he gasped slightly. Had the block not been there, the strike would have been serious, but as it was it was only a distraction. The screams of the crowd swelled around him. "Incredible," John repeated, trying to smile. His face was trembling with anger.
," he said gravely. John's heart made a strange thumping motion – of dread or elation, he could not tell – at the sound of his first name in that voice. "This next question will be difficult, but if you can… I need you to describe her injuries."
it, in his mind's eye as the man began to move; his horrid rotten teeth sinking into the soft of John's throat and ripping out his flesh, and John falling and gasping and bleeding as Sherlock could only watch. John was saying something now, touching his face gently, but Sherlock had to squeeze his eyes shut and catch his hand, holding it tightly with his fingers against the cantering
Sherlock smirked around John's length, which he had taken into his mouth without warning. He had not intended the dimachaerus to fall silent, however, and so he quirked an eyebrow at him teasingly. John groaned again, but after another moment of acclimatising to the sensation, his mouth opened to another torrent of praise that made Sherlock's stomach flop and his groin ache.
Of course, my love. Your body is so warm underneath mine, so comfortable. I love you, Sherlock, the taste of sweat under your jaw and the ticklishness you try to hide from me when I lick there, the feeling of your renewed arousal slick with oil throbbing against my own between our legs and the noises you make when I move my hips, the fact that I can do this forever and ever and ever.
Sherlock sighed. "I had not thought. I understand that there are risks, Lestrade. Simply his agreeing is less likely than I have allowed myself to think."
Unexpectedly, Claudia Morstan stepped forwards and yanked him into a hug. After a moment of shock, Sherlock put his arms around her and returned it. "Juno bless you, my Lord," she said quietly. "You are such a good man. I rejoiced when your brother gave up the Empire, I knew that you would lead us to not only greatness but
He could hear John's heartbeat from where his ear was pressed against the other man's side, and attempted to distract himself with the noise, deep and steady. It
The boy shrugged sullenly. "Me an' Tiger were down there yesserday begging, sir. I 'member seeing them down by the boat building. Jus' hanging round, sir."
perfect and still so hot and earthy and human, that I cannot help but follow you over the edge, drowning in the smell of your sweat and the sound of your shout.
John's frown turned into a curious half-smile. "Indeed - I cannot imagine you standing still for a sculptor, actually. You are too full of energy and vitality." His hand reached up to trail fingers down Sherlock's chest, between the gentle swells of his pectorals. "You would make a stunning marble, though."
Sherlock smiled benignly, trying not to betray the pesky swoop of his stomach at the mention of John Watson. "Very. He fights well. I would say his skills rival those of Lestrade."
Within minutes, John's gold-tanned body was gleaming with sweat and Sherlock was trying not to watch him dart back and forth, jabbing his sword at his large opponent's body but always stopping just short of injuring the other man, twisting acrobatically out of the way of similarly-controlled blows from the gladiator.
I can hardly breathe. Imagine what the public would think if they could see you like this, on your knees for one of your slaves with my hot, throbbing arousal buried halfway down your throat.
"You told me when we began this that you wanted a lover," he started, still unsure if he was saying the right things, in the right order. "I… have been a lover. Perhaps I have a different understanding of the term from yourself."
This time, the Black criminal turned his head towards them and smiled, a gruesome expression showing broken, rotten teeth. "Your hard fish worked to unbalance a crippled old man," he growled in rough Greek. "It will not stop me."
"He... he did, my Lord," Watson ventured timidly. "I was aware that such a request was possible when I was summoned. I simply was not expecting you to put it so... bluntly. Most people would attempt to be delicate about such things."
Sherlock caught the eye of a woman standing thirty feet away from them in the square, a child clinging to her hand, and beamed at her. She gave a long, lingering look up and down both of their bodies, smiled back at him, and then led her child out of the way. He wondered what she thought of them. Whether she saw them as lovers, or whether his possessive lunge for John had made her think of them as master and slave.
John chuckled, and with a last brief tug at each other's clothes they started back down the alley. "What will you do with Tonga, now?" he asked as they turned back into the street. A woman carrying a box of apples shot them a startled look before scampering away with a murmured, "Your Excellency". Sherlock smiled at her, wondering if it was obvious that he had just had John's genitalia in his mouth.
I meant to have this up far sooner, considering how much of it was written the same day as the last chapter was posted, but the damn thing just wouldn't finish and I got really frustrated by it. Oh, and I Potterlocked by accident. Thanks to
John laughed. "I expected him to make such an attempt from his first taunt about Mary. He was attempting to make me so angry that I could not react properly when he attacked me." His smile faded slightly – thinking about the things the man had said, no doubt – and then returned in full force. "What about
She knelt for a moment longer, but she lifted her head to look at him and he tried to smile reassuringly. She looked at John, who nodded encouragingly, and then slowly stood up and regained her seat. "Why are you helping us, my Lord?"
Your climax consumes you, every time, you give yourself up to it and let it take over your body and your mind so that when it is over you can only pant and watch me with your sharp eyes momentarily softened and your gorgeous plump lips parted slightly, the picture of temptation.
Sherlock grimaced. "Please refrain from mentioning Mycroft in this situation," he insisted, licking tentatively at John's hardness again. The gladiator grunted softly. "John, have you… I understand that occasionally it is not unusual for a woman to… penetrate her partner in some way…"
"He does that," Angelo agreed. "He likes to be certain of people's loyalty, even when he does not have such demands as he made of you. I would have been executed if he had not stepped in to speak for me." John raised a curious eyebrow; he had never asked how Angelo, who had plainly been born and raised in Rome and even used language seldom heard away from the Palatine Hill, had come to be a gladiator. The big man smiled. "I used to work in the court kitchens," he expanded. "I cooked for the Emperor for a while. Sometimes I miss it." John was working very hard at keeping his jaw from dropping; the
Sherlock looked like an Emperor. If he approached Small incognito the way that he had been conducting the rest of the investigation, the man was hardly likely to take him seriously. It was more than likely he would see the purple cloak of office, held in place by a pin so like the one that had started all of this fuss, and be frightened into giving up.
He barely had time to register the arm being yanked out of his grip before the man's next punch hit him squarely in the face.
They were sitting close to the arena today – as it was training only, the two of them and a young slave sitting cross-legged behind them with a jug of wine were the only spectators. Sherlock liked to sit closer, to be on a level with the gladiators. When was smaller and Lestrade had been painstakingly teaching him how to handle a sword, Sherlock had occasionally fancied that one day when Mycroft was Emperor he would run away from the court and volunteer as a gladiator. He had grown up knowing that he would not survive in the Circus Maximus, but the dreams of glory in battle had remained with him. In his early teens he had watched his father sentence a group of rogue sailors to death for pirating and briefly entertained the idea of defecting to the seas after the leader of their band, dressed in gaudy fabrics Sherlock had never seen anything like, had bent his head to him and winked. Sherlock had recounted his image of life as a pirate to a chuckling Lestrade, who had patiently listened until the point when he had speculated that the man's clothing had come from beyond the borders of the Known World.
John leaned into Sherlock's arms as they wrapped around him. "I am all right," he said, not sure if it was a lie or not. "What were you asking me?"
– but the other man merely shoved him out of the way onto the floor of the boat and made a running leap for the short stretch of open water between the boat and the shore.
He was the Emperor, and he was Sherlock Holmes. Perhaps the former wasn't enough to gain Watson's complete consent, but the latter... maybe he could make this work.
of rope into the water they began to heave at the oars. Small had not yet managed to catch the wind with his sails, so John figured the oars were their best bet – they could row harder than the other craft, but it would take them longer to prepare their sails.
Sherlock chuckled. "I would advise the same thing," he agreed. "It seems the sensible course. Especially so soon after his wife's death."
This time it was definitely a whimper. John wondered at the vulgarity of the words he could not quite prevent from spilling from his mouth; how was Sherlock
Lestrade took a sharp breath in beside him. "Interesting. I have never seen that before." Sherlock quirked a grin at him, noticing that even Mycroft was on the edge of his seat as the crowd screamed. Most of them were yelling for the Briton to pull himself together, but that was to be expected. Auctorati were always unpopular when they started out; the city was disinclined to like someone who had chosen this life instead of one among them, and it took time to regain their favour.
"John, if you could train the others to fight even a little more like you, the court arena would become a far more interesting place," he finished firmly.
Sherlock's eyes were dark with desire; once he was certain that John was not about to jump on him again he let his arms return to the dip in John's back and rest there comfortably. "John, we cannot," he protested softly. "We must go to the docks tonight."
Looking around, John realised that Holmes in his running had led them right back to the court. Distantly, he felt his heart sinking; he was not ready for the night to be over. "When… when may I begin fulfilling my end of our agreement, my Lord?" he asked tentatively.
He thrust harder and groaned as the resulting wave of sensation hit him, his fingers clawing frantically at the sheets. John was gasping and gently rocking his own hips up to meet the increasingly desperate thrusts of Sherlock's.
Unsurprisingly, Sherlock was gathering the black cloaks from the trunk in preparation to leave the room with his back presented to the door. John cleared his throat tentatively, unable to stop his eyes raking down the line of the Emperor's toga, interrupted as it was by the lush swell of his backside. As Sherlock straightened and turned around, though, John's breath left him in a worried huff.
Mrs Hudson was wringing her hands outside the arena; at the sight of Sherlock, she let out a sigh of relief and rushed towards him. She was a petite, wiry-haired woman dressed in a chiton that had been violently dyed with some kind of berry colour, her face beginning to sag with age but unmistakeably kind. Sherlock smiled at her as she approached, opening his arms to fold her into an embrace. "Sherlock," she blustered fondly. He kissed her lightly on the cheek, ignoring the way the young slave was gaping at them.
Tonga curled his lips into a smile even as he sidestepped a balletic lunge from John's sword. "I never learned it," he replied. "Perhaps if I had fucked her, it would have mattered, but there was not time."
"Would you… mind if I… I mean, would you like me to stay?" the older man asked hesitantly, folding the black cloak nervously before replacing it on the trunk.
Sherlock smiled and kissed him, returning the stretch and rejoicing in the burn of well-used muscles. They had fallen on the bed the moment they walked in the door after the games were over, both so inflamed that a moment's desperate rutting and grunted endearments had finished them and they had fallen asleep before John had had a chance to do anything more than roll off him. It had worked in their favour, though; Sherlock had woken hours later to John's delighted giggle, his hand already fixed around the gladiator's erection. The second time had been slow, luxurious,
Cerberus was a huge black hound with drooping ears and huge red eyes. He barked dully at Sherlock, pushing his wet nose and gaping jowls into his hand. Sherlock patted him half-heartedly, winding the rope that bound him tightly around his hand.
Sherlock frowned: that was most certainly not the question he had been expecting. "I would not stand still long enough for anyone to sculpt me," he answered honestly. "I find the practice tedious and unnecessary. Perhaps later in life, when people will
"Old cases I suppose" Sherlock shrugged, looking back at the experiment on the table. After their fight the day before, Sherlock had craved a bit of the simple normality. He had just begun a random experiment which came to his mind and for which he luckily could scrape together ingredients. Puttering along in the kitchen usually helped to settle his mind when a case was hitting a slow spot. Now, he hoped it would coax the easiness back into their weird cohabitation.
The soft words of encouragement and the wonderful reactions his every action seemed to evoke, made Sherlock bolder. Soon he was moaning loudly, moving nearly erratically on John’s lap. He hadn’t assumed it would feel quite so satisfying to have the Alpha’s hard cock up his arse, stretching him deliciously open. Every move was hitting the one or other sweet spot. The Omega’s fingers were digging deep into John’s skin. He had looped one arm around the Alpha’s neck with both hands resting around the scar on the left shoulder.
Sherlock has spent the phone call pacing quickly through the room. He continues his pacing as he reads through the texts from John.
“It’s time for bed, my sweet. I promise we’ll read again tomorrow,” Sherlock says, smiling. He’d love to keep reading tonight, but John would not be pleased. It’s already past her bedtime, and John is the one that would have to deal with an overtired Rosie in the morning. Sherlock turns his eyes to John. “Thank you. Text me when you’re done?”
Okay after this chapter it picks up a bit so please bare with me. If you have any advise, anything I can do to improve please leave a comment because I really want to improve my writing. Thanks :)
"You two, a word." Lestrade said pointing to the two of us then to the building. I looked to Sherlock who just nodded then went inside. I followed, the pain too fresh in my mind to even think about rebelling again, and kept my head down to avoid all the judging stares of the police men. Once we entered the building Lestrade ordered everyone out and once again the room emptied only leaving the three of us.
I looked around to see where I could start; there was a lot to do. The living room was a tip, there was barley enough space to walk,and the kitchen looked like a bin, smelt like one as well. I decided the kitchen was the most important and walked over to it.
"Oh hello John, I was wondering where you were. What's wrong?" She asked walking over to me concerned.
"Do you have any idea what..?" I started but before I finished Sherlock interrupted pulling the covers down annoyed before shooting me a glare.
"So now I'm stuck with this thing in my brain and I have no idea how to disable it." I concluded feeling as if a great weight had been lifted off my chest.
After half an hour the kitchen was finished, all plates had been washed and all rubbish had been put in black bags which were on the floor. Now was as good a time as any to see if there was any food in the fridge or in the cupboards. I was expecting worse upon opening the fridge, considering the state of the kitchen I was expecting mouldy food and things well past there use by date, all I found were a few shrivelled old carrots which I promptly threw in the bin. The cupboards were a lot better containing a few cans of hot dogs but other than that there was nothing to eat. Sighing I turned and picked up the two black bags at my feet.
"Okay everyone out please!" Sherlock yelled, "I can't bare being in such a busy room. It makes for far too much stupid at once." He said, it would have made me laugh if it wasn't for the fact I was having a very bad day.
The next few days went smoothly. I made breakfast for Sherlock then started cleaning only stopping when he asked me for something or to make food. After about 3 days of this boring routine the house was spotless. Then things changed a little.
"Pain off," I heard Sherlock say before the torture stopped. I stood up straight but kept my head down, I couldn't stop shaking. I can't believe I let that happen, I had actually started to believe Sherlock was my friend.
"You never give up, do you?" He said, then without warning he plunged the rest of the way inside me and I couldn't help it; I screamed. The pain was excruciating but through it all I was still aroused. However limp my member had become, I felt it completely harden again and I shivered with anticipation. This was so wrong but felt so good.
"I'm John Watson," I replied not knowing what to say or how to address her. I just decided to act normal seeing as she hadn't noticed who I was yet.
"Never came up in conversation I suppose," Sherlock answer slowly dragging out each syllable. I kept my eyes down cast and tried not to draw attention to myself.
I did as the doctor said even though the pain had reached a manageable level but kept my eyes open so I knew what was happening. About an hour and a half later I was all stitched and bandaged up. I no longer needed the tissue for my nose as it had stopped bleeding although I still kept some with me just in case it started again.
"It was the knife that killed him but I ran a few tests anyway and they show he was unconscious when he was killed, there wasn't as much blood loss as there should have been so I looked to see what he had eaten or drank and found nothing so I checked around his face. I found traces of chloroform around his mouth and nose which would explain why this wound made by the knife is very clean, there wasn't any fight because our victim was unconscious. Oh and I worked out the time of death was at about 12 o'clock, give or take an hour."
"Do you have any idea what..?" I started but before I finished Sherlock interrupted pulling the covers down annoyed before shooting me a glare.
I was about to leave when I realised I had no idea were the bins were. I turned to Sherlock but I didn't even need to ask.
Suddenly I started to feel somthing build up deep inside of me and I realised I was moments away from coming. "Sher...Master, I-I..." I couldn't finish my sentance. My back bowed of the bed and my toes curled. Any moment now... then he stopped.  I whimpered again at his absence and tugged at my restraints causing the cuts to deepen and more blood to flow.
"Good John. I wanted to tell you that I... I love you and I have since I first saw you but I ignored  the feeling. Then when you ran away it hurt me, but I didn't know. Then I got angry and hurt you back but I still didn't understand why I was hurting you which is strange because I'm smarter than everyone. Then a little while ago I understood and wanted you but I didn't want to hurt you again. Also being in that sort of relationship would effect my mental capacity, I would have to delete some stuff, not to mention that it would distract me from solving... stuff. I wanted to forget for a little while, just your presence was too distracting." He said unconsciously and rolled over. I heard an intake of breath and though he was going to say something else but then I heard a snore and realised that was all I would get out of him.
"Hey mate, how are you? Come on in." He said cheerfully and waved me inside. After one look around and I knew I made the right choice; the whole place was littered with pieces of technology and electronics.
Once again Sherlock examined the body then called me over to take a look. I tried harder this time to notice things but there wasn't much to see. In the end I turned to Sherlock and said, "It's very similar to the last murder, he wasn't killed here so as you said last time he must have been dragged here then his arms put like this as a sign. Could it be the time of death because the last one was killed at around 12 o'clock and that's where his arms where placed. Anyway this murder doesn't look as professional this man was obviously in a fight just before he died but I don't see what that could mean. Once again it defiantly was the knife that killed him, but I have no idea what that note means," With that I stood up and looked at Sherlock proud of myself.
“Good. I’m surprised the city didn’t descend into chaos in my absence,” Sherlock declares, standing in place, gazing at John.
Striking up a conversation with Richard Slater is incredibly easy. He’s tending the bar and, until Sherlock sits down, there is only one customer (a young twenty-something engrossed in their phone).  Luckily Slater vaguely knows who Sherlock is and begins the conversation by asking if he’s helping the Exeter police with the murder that’s now all over the papers.
The Austen and Bronte books are clearly the most well read. A dog-eared copy of Persuasion is on her bedside table, a bookmark from Winchester Cathedral placed about two-thirds of the way through. Beneath that, is a book on local ghost stories. Sherlock picks it up and his earlier suspicions are confirmed. The book has plain blue bookmark marking the chapter on Exeter’s underground passages.
, Sherlock. The man got your room number surreptitiously and showed up uninvited. When you were alone in your hotel room! His
“That doesn’t mean anything,” says Sherlock with a dismissive wave of his hand and a smirk. “I mean John had an ASBO.”
. John was clearly frazzled and happy to hand her over to Sherlock for stories. Once in bed, however, she seemed to have accepted bedtime was coming and had almost fallen asleep a few times as Sherlock read.
That out of the way, Sherlock returns to his musings as to why John asked for the photo. John likely thinks that Sherlock’s request for a photo came from wanting pictures from home, as well as wanting to deduce how John is feeling. Both of those things are true, but they are only part of the story.  But what could John gain from getting a photo of Sherlock? Could he be seeking to validate Sherlock’s repeated photo requests?
account, Lestrade, but I am not concerned about your friend’s capabilities as an officer. She could have been promoted to commissioner of Scotland Yard and I would still assume she’s an idiot until proven otherwise. But I work with idiots all the time.”
“You’re right. You appear prominently in the headlines I’ve seen so far,” John replies, with a slight nod of his head. “Think I’ll post this one on the blog.” Sherlock tries to look surprised. “It won’t be quite as detailed as if I were there, but I think I have a good handle on it. It’s certainly unique.”
It is clear why Robson was so desperate for him to come down for the case. She outlines their entire case in just under twenty minutes and none of the sergeants have anything meaningful to add. The team have a few theories about motive, but none are based on evidence and seem based on watching too many television procedurals.
“Some people must be so excited when they make a reservation. Or even nervous if it’s for a big event,” Sherlock asks, trying to sound nonchalant.
Collectively, the team is pinning their hopes on Riley Lechance cracking under the pressure of a real interrogation. He will be arriving for a scheduled interview (with his parents) in about two hours. While one of the sergeants and Robson had talked to him yesterday, it had been a standard fact-finding interview and they did not reveal that he was their prime suspect (although that
Once Sherlock exasperatedly explained to Lechance that he was the primary suspect in Madison Rice’s murder, it didn’t take much to pull out what really happened at the passages yesterday morning.
Sherlock spends the next hour-and-a-half examining the reception area for the passages and the crime scene itself. The only other people here are the terrified sergeant (who Sherlock has labelled TS in his mind) and a constable who has been assigned to keep watch over the crime scene. They both leave Sherlock alone, for which he is extremely grateful.
Sherlock does not have a response from Lestrade (coward), but his heart swells to see that John has already sent a couple of messages.
thought that might be information the police would like to know!” She turns to TS, “who interviewed Millie Jones? Did no one think to ask about alternative entrances? Or, I don’t know,
Sherlock has just finished reading when the picture comes in. It is a little blurry, but Sherlock thinks it’s perfect. Rosie is in profile, pointing at a beautiful blue butterfly fluttering its wings on a shrub in the background. Rosie’s mouth is open – she is probably telling John all she knows about the adonis blue (Sherlock had been teaching her about all the butterflies that can be found in the UK). Sherlock is zooming in on Rosie’s face when another message comes through.
They spend the next twenty minutes or so talking about wine. New world versus old world. Tannins. Other boring things. Sherlock mostly asks questions and pretends to listen. There is a lot of coy looks, giggling, arm touching, licking of lips, and the occasional atrocious innuendo. It is painful. After Rich reaches and strokes Sherlock’s hand for the
Reading through the texts calms Sherlock and his pacing slows. He smiles at the screen as he types out his replies.
Sherlock makes a non-committal sound and takes the wine. Sure enough, Slater’s card is attached with his cell number circled. “Good night, Rich.” Slater has barely said goodnight in return before Sherlock has closed the door and set the bottle down on nearest table. He returns his phone to his ear.
The sergeants (TS, starstruck 1, and starstruck 2) arrived a bit before 8:00 at which point the whole team made their way back to the passages to talk to the supervisor for the renovation project and the outreach manager of the underground passages. The manager had brought half a dozen photos (physical and digital copies) that included a clear view of the temporary wall. Luckily one, taken a week and a half ago, shows that there were, at that point, screws in the side of the wall where they are now missing. The murderer removed the screws at some point between April 21st (the day the photo was taken) and May 3rd (the day of the murder).
Several officers have been pulled into the case and have combed through the ghost stories message board which, unfortunately, is housed on an anonymous hosting platform. The officers have been able establish that Madison Rice had “substantial” interactions with 36 different users in the last year. Of those, there was sustained and ongoing relationships with about a dozen or so people, almost all of whom were as anonymous as the victim. All but two give no indication of their non-online identities, although the choice of language and slang suggests many live in England. Worst of all, none of Madison Rice’s interactions appeared romantic in the least.
“Thank you, John,” Sherlock manages to get out before taking a bite. It’s heavenly, as always.  He chews and watches John watching him. As he takes a second bite, Sherlock decides that
It takes Sherlock less than 5 minutes to get the truth out of Lechance. Robson was correct that he is acting guilty, but it is clear (to Sherlock) that he isn’t a murderer. The guilt the young man carries stems from something far more mundane than killing another human being.
With substantial effort, Sherlock minimizes the photo and scrolls back through his and John’s texts. They had been, quite blatantly, flirting. And Sherlock had, knowingly, pushed the flirtation just a little further. Is this John doing the same? The ball is now in Sherlock’s court. The absence of anything overtly erotic in the photo is giving Sherlock the opportunity to ignore the escalation. He could just thank John for the photo, change the topic, and move on.
Sherlock’s breath hitches as John slowly and methodically pushes the tails into Sherlock’s trousers. John then smooths the shirt (lower back) and trousers (just above the arse) with the palm of his hand. “There. Now you look perfect,” says John, calmly, with a smile. “Now get going.”
Sherlock smiles – he would be going home tonight! The combination of a name and the information of where Madison Rice met her killer mean the perpetrator’s time is running out. The Exeter police were reviewing every interaction Madison Rice ever made in the ghost story message board, it was only a matter of time before they identified her pen pal now that they had a name too.
“It is fine, John. I may want to see his reservation book tomorrow. And see if I can get him to remember any distinguishing features of Kyle’s voice. Once he is no longer useful, I’ll be happy to point out that his staff all resent him, his restaurant is pretentious, and his wine list is ridiculous and shows a complete lack of actual oenological knowledge. Forget about it.”
Sherlock starts typing the update to John before deciding to just call. They were going to talk at some point this evening anyways.
“It’s not in London, John.” Sherlock stays curled up but adjusts so he is looking at his friend. “The underground passages in Exeter are the result of aqueducts built in the high medieval period. They are unique in England.”
“What was that?” snaps Sherlock glaring at the girl. He can hear John reminding him that the roommate didn’t do anything wrong and has just suffered a tragic loss. He coughs and calms his voice. “Sorry, what was that you said about writing?”
“What happened next, Kyle?” Robson asks, trying to sound reassuring. She’s doing a pretty good job, but Sherlock can detect the anger in her voice.
Sherlock can feel his pulse racing. John isn’t the only one who feels like a teenager. Right, in for a penny.
“Undoubtedly. Goodbye Mr. Slater. Until we meet again.” Sherlock gives Slater a final smile before walking out of the bar.
“Flattery will get you nowhere, John,” Sherlock says, trying to suppress a smile. He sighs before adding “I’ll think about it.”
“NO!” yells Rosie angrily. She doesn’t stop running until stopping in front of Sherlock. For a moment she looks like she’s going to climb into his lap but then notices the small overnight bag resting against the sofa. She stares daggers at the bag before bursting into tears. Sherlock packed last night so that he wouldn’t be rushed this morning. He had packed relatively lightly, while acknowledging that any case can result in needing multiple change of clothes (he may need to wade through a dirty skip or two). Through her tears, Rosie is looking at the black leather bag like it has personally harmed her.
Sherlock can’t help but start tapping his fingers on the bar. “Kyle?” he asks, trying for coy and worried the question is twinged with impatience.
“Just got back into Exeter. I want to be there at the arrest. You should be too. I’ll be at your hotel in ten minutes. Sergeants Foley, Macarthur, and Wilson will be waiting for us outside the residence. They’ll wait for us before going inside.”
The terrified sergeant drives Sherlock to the crime scene, explaining that Robson will join them once she is done with the interview. Sherlock doesn’t care and ignores the man, and instead focuses on his phone.
“Okay, so what does all that tell you about the murder? I am sure you’ve got a much better understanding of it now,” John asks as Sherlock hears the sound of him sweeping (probably still in the kitchen then).
“Errr, right.” TS pulls out his phone and starts typing with one hand, holding the evidence bag in the other.
Sherlock stops at the markers indicating where the body was found and examines the wall. This is one place where evidence has been preserved. There is a clear mark where Madison Rice’s skull hit the side and the visible blood pool on the ground suggests the severity of the young woman’s injuries. The victim’s head hit the wall about one metre from the ground and it’s obvious (to Sherlock) that she was facing the entrance. She hit the side with some force, but the height and angle aren’t consistent with someone pushing the victim’s head against the wall. Not unless they were pushing down from at least a foot above her (which would make them 6’4), which is impossible given the height of the ceilings. Sherlock keeps moving forward, now examining the ground.
“Lucky bone,” says Rich before sighing. “Well then, stop by when the case wraps up, Sherlock. I am sure I’ll find the perfect wine to help you unwind.”
With trepidation, she leads the group to her brother’s door in the basement. The officers don’t reveal why they want to speak to him, simply that’s it’s urgent. “This must be a mistake. Kyle’s been very sick for the past few days, hasn’t been able to leave his room.”
“What, how do you know that?” Robson is disbelieving. “That certainly looks like human blood, and you said we’d find the murder weapon here. Make up your bloody mind!”
“Yes!” Sherlock shouts. He closes his eyes, coughs, and curses himself for revealing too much. When he opens them, John is beaming back at him. “Yes,” Sherlock repeats, more quietly. “This,” he holds up their hands, “and the other thing. I ummm…like it.”
Sherlock doesn’t need to hear anymore. He stands up and walks out. The crime has been solved; the perpetrator has confessed. He’s done.
“I agree.” Sherlock tries to stifle a yawn. He’s partially successful. “I warned Robson that it may be posted,” he adds.
“Would seem so,” answers Sherlock, walking towards the barrier at the end of the passageway. “That means she was closer to the entrance and, given it’s impossible to move around someone down here, it means the perpetrator entered the tunnel before her.” The passages had been empty (or at least were supposed to be) all weekend. In theory the murderer could have entered them at anytime after construction finished on Friday.
Warm feelings of affection join the (still pronounced) arousal. It’s heady. Sherlock opens the door and accepts the food that John has ordered him from London. Always taking care of him. How he longs for John to be there with him.
“Yeah, that’s true. That’s one reason I like to man the phones. That’s…” Slater stops and then laughs. “Now that you mention it, there was one no-show on Monday that was a surprise. I took the reservation last week. He sounded like a young guy, he was a bundle of nerves. Was hoping to get a table by the window. Don’t think he was used to talking on the phone much, there was some stuttering. It was adorable. I assumed it was for a date. I was actually looking out for him. Then Kyle doesn’t show up! I assumed his date cancelled to be honest. Then it got crazy busy and I forgot about it.” Slater chuckles again. “Young love can be so fickle.”
“Hmmm, miracle that,” John replies with a chuckle. “So, you got out before the press conference? News stories are just popping up so it must have finished not long ago.”
Sherlock can hear that John is wanking. He desperately needs to have that shower now. “I have to go. Come for me. Please, John. Please.” With massive feelings of regret, he ends the call, puts his phone on the counter, and hops in the shower.
Sherlock smiles. He likes Robson and decides there is no point in subterfuge. “Yes. It could be that he really can’t remember anything useful, but I would like to double check. I think you’d agree a name would be helpful.” He then quite obviously undoes two additional buttons at the top of his shirt.
Despite his best efforts, Sherlock’s interest is growing. He glances at John and finds that his friend is looking back at him with soft eyes (again), a tiny smile, and what looks like hope.
Sherlock smiles and can feel himself blushing (just a tiny bit). “I’ll do my best, John.” He has an urge to hug John, which is ridiculous as he will likely only be gone for the day. Instead, Sherlock turns and walks to the train. “Goodbye, John.”
“Well, I found this bottle of chianti and thought you’d probably earned another break. A little birdy told me they’d seen you come back to the hotel, so I thought I’d come to you.” Slater is practically purring. “Are you on your own or are some of Exeter’s finest with you?”
John sighs and puts Sherlock’s mug down on the table. “Sherlock, what would you say about this case if it were in London?” he asks, sitting down in his chair.
Robson comes to join Sherlock at the front of the restaurant and informs him of everything he already knows.
“Sherlock has to go work with the police in Exeter, Rosie. He’ll be back soon, but they really need his help,” John offers as he wipes away her remaining tears.
Sherlock sighs and taps his fingers impatiently on the table causing John to chuckle. “I can tell when you’re getting antsy, Sherlock. I’ll let you go and you can keep working. I’ll keep digging too. Text if you find anything or if you need to complain about the police or the accommodations or the weather or whatever. And eat something. I know you already found the protein bars I put in your case.”
“But then she tripped. She was running pretty fast and she hit her head on the wall. That wall is hard, innit. There was a lot of blood and she was knocked out cold. She didn’t need to run.” Fletcher stops, obviously uncomfortable with what comes next.
He doesn’t have to wait long. The phone vibrates in the chair and Sherlock nearly trips as he bounds over.
“Well, that was tedious,” Sherlock says with a sigh. John doesn’t immediately reply but Sherlock can hear his breathing. He sounds
“Sure, Mr. Holmes,” Dan responds. “We’ll get right on that. But, errr, you should know that the CCTV at the entranceway wasn’t functional for most of the renovations. They had to redo some of the wiring or something. Just came back online last Friday, I believe.”
John finishes making the tea and walks out to the sitting room with two steaming mugs. He clearly expects Sherlock to follow. “Look, it’s not that I want you to go away. Course not. But you need a good case. A good puzzle. You are getting…I don’t know…morose lately.” He looks away. “You’re hiding it from Rosie, which I appreciate, but, quite frankly, you’re getting more and more snappy with me.”
“Right,” says John, his voice immediately softening, the tension evaporating. “That’s your dinner. You need to eat. Can’t guarantee the quality but it was close and reviews online seemed good. Indian. You can at least eat the naan. Open up, it’s paid for.”
the flirting. A lot. It’s probably the only thing Sherlock likes about being separated from John. He licks his lips and types out his response.
Sherlock can hear John chuckle from the kitchen and wonders if it is the first or the second question that is so funny.
The request for help was coming via a phone call to John from a Chief Inspector Robson. The CI had previously worked at New Scotland Yard for a decade before joining the Devon and Cornwall Police back in her hometown (Exeter). She knew of Sherlock by reputation and had reached out to Lestrade (on his personal phone), with whom she used to work, about the murder, which had taken place that morning. The Exeter police must be well out of their depth as it was only 3pm and the CI was already looking for help. Lestrade, smartly, had suggested Robson call John directly (and not Sherlock) with the details. Sherlock was able to discern all this from the half of the conversation he is listening to as John paces the sitting room on his mobile. Sherlock pretends to be focused on his experiment in the kitchen while discreetly watching John, who is not trying to conceal his excitement.
John Watson can surprise Sherlock like no other human on earth. In the most wonderful ways. Sherlock is already in shock when John stuns him again. John puts his free hand on the back of Sherlock’s neck, gently tilting his head down. At the same time, John looks up, shifting forward onto the balls of his feet. Before Sherlock knows what’s happening, John is kissing him. It’s short, tender, and almost chaste (almost). It also sets Sherlocks lips and stomach on fire. It feels exquisite. After John pulls away, Sherlock is left standing there with eyes closed and lips slightly parted.
attached to the beams at some point, but it isn’t now. On close examination there are even drilled holes where the screws used to be.
Sherlock stares at the photo, simultaneously enjoying the photo and trying to analyze it’s meaning. The arousal from earlier is back, in full force, and he wills himself to calm down. He will take time to enjoy this photo (he wants to zoom in on every detail), but for now he needs to understand why John sent it. Could it be the obvious?
Sherlock looks at the man – the child – sitting at the table with his parents and can barely suppress a groan. The kid looks like a stock photo of a white twenty-year old male. Boring features, boring sandy brown hair, boring jeans, boring v-neck, boring all around. Sherlock decides to throw Robson’s carefully crafted interrogation plan out the window.  “Mr. Lechance my name is Sherlock Holmes. Tell me about your day yesterday. The whole day from when you woke up. But be brief. I don’t need excruciating detail. I don’t care that you have started having a protein shake for breakfast every morning.”
Sherlock only partially hides his annoyance as he bends down to pick up his phone. At least the call is still connected. “Rich, I understand your heart is in the right place, but I really do need to concentrate on the case tonight. I am very close to putting together the final pieces. I need to focus.” He is stern but does try to keep the anger out of his voice.
John picks up immediately and sets up his phone so it’s facing Rosie. Sherlock stops himself from asking John to sit in the view of the camera. Rosie looks tired but has a giant smile. She looks cozy in her favourite insect pajamas (they are not-so-secretly Sherlock’s favourites too). Sherlock lets himself grin widely. His grin grows wider as John moves into the frame and sits down with Rosie in his lap. He holds their copy of the book out in front, prepared for Sherlock to start reading.
“I shouldn’t have mentioned that to her.” John says, looking sheepish and rubbing the back of his neck. Sherlock can’t look away from his friend’s face as he tries to maneuver to the table where he left his copy of Wind and the Willows. “I hope it’s not wishful thinking. Anyways, once you grab your copy we can get started.”
Sherlock gets back to the hotel room at 4 AM. He’s exhausted. Robson caught him before he left the station and he’d agreed to return in the morning. There were some final things to clear up – statements, etc., but she promised it wouldn’t take longer than an hour or two. Sherlock had looked up train times in the cab ride back to the hotel. He’d be on his way back to London at 10:20. He can grab three hours of sleep now, and then pack and be back at the station for 8.
Sherlock doesn’t miss John’s use of the term “we”. He can feel John’s excitement through his mobile. How Sherlock wishes John were here with him.
The conversation shifts to scheduling calls home as the two men walk to platform 12 to meet Sherlock’s train. “If it looks like I’ll have to spend the night, I will ensure I am at my hotel by 8:30. They are putting me up in some big-box chain hotel near the police station. It won’t take me long to get there. I prefer to work alone at night anyways.” This isn’t entirely true. He prefers to work with
After what seemed like an eternity the flat was quiet again. There were no thumping footsteps on the stairs or in the hallway. There were no loud voices travelling in and out of their front door. There were no nagging officials coming back with just one more question to ask or request to fill. There was simply nothing but the all too well-known hums and clicks of the old house. There was Mrs. Hudson having turned her radio back on and pottering about in her kitchen. There was the gurgle of the old pipes as John tried to use hot water to boil the kettle quicker. There was only home.
"It's not just your soul against 'everything you ask for'" the devil actually used air quotes, "It's your soul and whatever else we see fit regarding the enormity of your wish. Besides, not everything is payable by a human, otherwise we would have a lot of people without souls ruling the world."
He only waited for the boy to take the blanket with quivering hands before turning around and going back to the lounge. There would be no way the other would come down again with him in the room so John gave him space and open doors to alleviate the feeling of being trapped. To be honest he needed some time to cool off himself. Searching for a suitcase or bag that must have been left somewhere in his flat he angrily called his mother. Leaving her no time to pick up the conversation on her side, he spat into the phone, “What kind of a sick joke is this? Putting a barely legal kid in my flat while he’s drugged up to his ears, locking him in and getting him in such a state that you can be glad if he doesn’t take away permanent mental damage from this stunt.”
"There is nothing I can do with this problem" John sighed, rubbing a hand along his forehead "After all, they don't just go away when they die. It's somewhat more work and I can't just push it away."
John laughed and stabbed a tomato form his plate. “I can imagine. Your mother probably has filled your schedule to the brim, hasn’t she?”
A shiver ran along John’s spine at the pure thought of the other’s elegant hands wrapped around his cock. His mind helpfully displayed a few more scenarios it also wouldn’t be adverse to.
"Just do it, I'll write up some stuff to fool the Commissioner and the evidence that Moriarty is a notorious criminal with a murder record should be in your file already, otherwise you did a poorer job than I expected." Sherlock rolled his eyes.
Sherlock used the time to stretch out his hand and wriggle his fingers. He had held the pen a bit too forcefully which lead to a slight cramp now spreading through the muscles. It wasn't something that wouldn't easily disappear, but it was annoying. Especially, since in the process he noticed a slight tremor. The stress was manifesting itself in his limbs and Sherlock didn't approve of it. How should the devil take him seriously if he was shaking at the thought of writing a legal document?
What he had found was thereby pretty disappointing: The room looked like it always had. There were no chemicals, no specimens, nothing which could have been of interest. Inside were just Sherlock’s clothes in their respective drawers, the other’s laptop, a few notebooks which could be found all over the flat, some knick knacks Sherlock thought of as either too precious or too embarrassing to put elsewhere in the flat and general ‘bedroom stuff’.
“Don’t be ridiculous.” ,Sherlock murmured, eyes closed and head pressed into John’s palm, obviously enjoying the soft head massage he was getting out of it.
“Keep calm and stop struggling”, John smiled, “You are way too worried and we need to talk about this which we won’t be able to do when you attach yourself to my lips as soon as I let go of you.”
Around them a deep silence settled as Sherlock was clearly stuck in thoughts. John felt more than a bit awkward, on the couch next to Sherlock while the other seemed miles away in his head. It made John be stuck in his own, too and it wasn't a place he wanted to be in at the moment. There were just too many thoughts coursing through it for a stay to be comfortable. Additionally, their seating arrangement was slowly testing John's restrain. Sherlock was near, vulnerable and not paying attention. If he wasn't careful, John could use all of it without meaning to. He only noticed that his fingers were twitching on his legs when he suddenly felt a soft weight settle over them. Sherlock had reached out his own hand, laying it on top of John's nervous fingers. The warmth spread through John's arm and he wasn't yet sure if it made his position better, more difficult definitely.
"Yes, oh. Now, can we please start? I will need that big box over there" Sherlock pointed at a brown cardboard box in front of one of the bookshelves.
Like on auto-pilot he navigated his way to the address Lestrade had texted him. There was no way to know for sure this belonged to their case, at least not until John would give the confirmation. Part of Sherlock hated it, he wanted to prove that he could do this without having some divine intervention all the time. After all, he had enough to go on, didn't he?
"Don't ask, google." Sherlock said impatiently and snatched the tablet computer out of Lestrade's hand, starting the search himself.
"You really are terrible at your job" Sherlock sighed, being reminded of that list gave a little sting, "I can think of at least five more."
“I never said I didn’t have a good reason,” the other’s voice was giving John a headache since everything about the taller student was now associated with a week from hell in John’s mind.
“You’re really lovely," John hummed appreciatively, letting his hands wander across the lines of Sherlock’s body, dipping into hollows.
"Well, it only took you five victims. I would say that is a new record even for you." Sherlock tried out snarky remarks. Something had to still work how it used to.
The doctor groaned. He should get up and into his flat before he thought too much about the dancer. Rolling his shoulders once more he got out of his car and made his way to his home.
"Ah John, how nice that you could finally join me. What did Sally tell you? Is she still searching for a body?" Sherlock quipped as John entered the office, he had needed a few minutes to find.
“I’ll just..”, his neighbour pointed towards the end of the hallway, “I need to go to work. Have a nice evening.” With a last smile, he slang a bag over his shoulder and left John standing there rooted to the ground. Everything he might have expected his neighbour to possess, John hadn’t imagined it to be a silky soft voice. Now he felt like it was almost a shame that they never spoke with each other. On a second thought, John wasn’t sure if he would be a great conversationalist in respect to that situation. With a shook of his head John set off. There would be enough time to work up the courage to hear that voice again, after all they were living just a small hallway apart from each other. Sarah’s hen night on the other hand would start in half an hour and John needed to get there now.
He had left them to their studies in favour of his own courses. By the time evening had rolled around he was thoroughly exhausted and wasn’t yearning for much more than his bed and some mindless TV program. But there was currently one problem, preventing him from doing exactly that:
"Well, you also don't like hospitals and you survived that one, too so shut it" John smirked and had Sherlock on his bed in nearly no time at all.
"Well thanks for that. Just do your thing and please don't harass the team too much", Lestrade sighed.
John sighed and stepped into the flat "I'm sorry." He wasn't sure if there was a betting pool open on these words but he was determined to never let anyone get to know of his current situation.
"Which means you actually all exists, meaning God and the Devil, Angels and the whole lot but you didn't do the things you've been said to have done?" Sherlock had a hard time wrapping his head around the concept. Accepting that certain things existed was easy but disengaging them from any religious meaning turned out to be complicated.
A friend was the last thing on Sherlock's mind. Actually, it had been a topic he never dared to breach since his initial deal with the devil seven years back. The deal which had granted him only 13 years to live. How could anyone want to invest into a personal connection when one knew their own death date looming in the background? He could never have justified pulling another person along into the misery he was living. Knowing the exact date of his demise meant that any bond to another person would be an incredibly selfish act on Sherlock's side. He had seen enough friends and family members devastated by the death of a loved one, it came with the job. Not even in his mind, he could warrant leaving someone to that level of potential devastation. It had been his choice and he would have to face it alone, or so he thought. Really, he hadn't wanted more people to be miserable because of him.
Well, he probably spent a good portion of his life figuring out all the minor details which undoubtably lead him to the underworld. I mean there is only so much you can achieve in a legal setting and usually illegally it's quicker. My rough estimation would be that he at least spent the last twelve years actively pursuing his plan. How long have you been aware of his misdemeanour?"
"Why did you wait?" Sherlock asked quietly. This wasn't as exhilarating as learning new details about a case so he could adjust his view. This was tense, unnerving and settled a cross between nausea and vertigo in his stomach. It felt like he wanted and didn't want to know the answer at the same time.
“Well, it certainly fits into the picture, doesn’t it? With him being all mysterious and crowded in secrets and the way he can tell you everything about yourself with one glance. It is impressive, I mean I’ve heard of a lot of girls who would give nearly everything to spend a night with him. Although I believe they all think, they’d be the one to crack his shell and be
Sorry, this chapter is quite short but the last one will be pretty long. So I hope you can suffer through two relatively short ones before that extended 4th chapter.
"Well they should" John grinned "It's the one where they found the tied up hands of the victim first and then the victim himself crammed in a trunk."
“Yeah, I though so.”, John chuckled and then pointed at the black leather chair Sherlock had already sat in once, “Sit down and let’s see if we can find something that will work for you. I mean I got the papers, legally I own you and while I do not have any interest in possessing you like an item, I’d like to make sure you are not ending up in some ditch somewhere in town.”
"Why? What does it matter?" John asked, eyebrows knit together "We only need to find him. Your job is to find him. I don't need an explanation, I'm not the police."
"You're saying that you are an approximately 13 billion year old divine being, cast out of heaven to reside in hell, punishing everyone who does not renounce his vices upon dying." Sherlock tried to summarise the basics he had grasped from what John had told him, "Meaning the whole religion thing actually has some truth to it?"
Sherlock’s body practically quivered under John’s hands, the other’s legs spreading enough for him to fit comfortable between them. John quickly pulled his shirt off all the way, too. Then his lips gently teased along Sherlock’s neck towards his chest. The sudden gasp of air as John licked firmly over one nipple encouraged him to worry the little bud with his lips and teeth until Sherlock was babbling incoherently and pushing one hand down on John’s shoulder. John had to chuckle, leaving the other’s nipples in favour of making his way further down the pale body. His tongue swirled around Sherlock’s navel before dipping in a few times and then abandoning it in favour of biting and sucking small kisses to the soft skin stretching over the other’s hip bones.
The devil looked back up at Sherlock, "It's your payment." His voice turned serious when he saw the other's slightly misapprehensive gaze "If you help me, you can have it back."
“Ah, they are mostly around that and… well, don’t want to bore you.” John shrugged, Sherlock was coming closer but he would be damned before he started to back away. Technically he had no right to stand like an immoveable object in the middle of someone else’s living room, didn’t stop him from letting the other stalk so close that he had to tip his head up slightly to keep eye contact, tough. Alcohol does make a courageous fool of you, sometimes.
Molly nearly choked on the bit of pasta she had just put into her mouth and had to cough violently. “Are you sure we’re talking about the same guy?” she asked, wiping away a tear that had formed and looked at John bewildered “He has already reduced people to tears who have just looked at him the wrong way from across the room. I don’t even want to know what he’d do if you were to actually touch him.”
It took a bit of time for Sherlock to hesitantly start reaching out his fingers, too. When he did, John gladly let his own hands fall away to give the other some room to explore. They were caught in an intricate dance for a few minutes where Sherlock gently rubbed his fingers across John’s body above his clothing until he was getting too impatient for it. John was sure that he had never been stripped quite as efficiently by anyone else. The Omega hadn’t been out on a slow reveal, spiking the pleasure through sweet wait but had his mind set on a goal and straight up removed everything in his way. The doctor had to take in a gulping breath when he saw the sparkle in the other’s eyes when he focussed back on the now uncovered skin. Sherlock had pulled his torso up over John’s so he could press his lips to the other’s shoulder, taste and mark the differences as he went along.
"It's simple: Whatever you feel guilty about will be on a list that is weighted against you." John shrugged, "Humans are funny like that. They will believe they are acting out of all the right reasons and still feel guilty about what they did."
“A little bird just told me you are done for the morning”, she closed the door behind her, habit of a doctor.
Sherlock took a deep breath and sat back in his chair, his back against the wooden frame. John looked at him expectantly, an eyebrow raised and clearly waiting for an answer. “You are different”, he simply said, looking directly at John.
Sherlock pondered the words a bit and couldn't help but think back to the beginning of their acquaintance when John had started to list a few of the points on Sherlock's list. "Why does my sexuality count? You just said you don't subscribe to religious believers of any kind. Why would it matter if I were gay or not?"
Sherlock chuckled deeply and raised his hips a little to make access easier. “I wasn’t payed to interest you, after all”
The dark haired man let out a barking laugh, “I don't want to fight you, I'd just like an answer to my question but if you don't want to answer I can gladly go on.” he gave John a short time to pull himself together and to compose an answer. The students mind had caught up enough, the alcohol induced haze gone and he cleared his throat, “Eh, long story short: Wanted to kip on a friend's couch, he told me he'd leave the window open so I could get in and I miscounted.” John rubbed his hand over his neck, biting his lip, “Sorry for interrupting... I... do I know you? I feel like I should but yeah you already know I had a beer too much.”
He had been so lost in his thoughts that his tea had gone cold and just as he wanted to get up to set the now useless drink aside he realised that Sherlock was standing right in front of him. In his dressing gown. Just in his flimsy, thin, silk dressing gown. A dressing gown which clung to every part of the other’s body as if it was expecting punishment should it hang too lose at some place. John looked up at his flatmate with big, surprised eyes and a mouth gone dry.
"Yes, but I'm also just any old human." Sherlock said "I mean he is causing you quite a bit of trouble, I concede that but in the end you now knew who exactly was behind the attacks and I doubt you are actually in need of my skills anymore. Wouldn't it have been convenient for you to just take your chances? I mean I could have died without fulfilling the contract leaving you overall better off. You would have known your culprit and could have kept my soul. I really can't see your reasoning behind not even trying to catch up with Moriarty." It was a painful admission to make but it had occupied his mind for most of the time he had spent in hospital. John had started behaving in contradicting ways and Sherlock wasn't sure how to place any of it. The contract was still lingering at the back of his head, how could it not, but their relationship had shifted. As much as he might have ignored it previously, recent events made it near impossible to explain it away logically.
It was slightly frustrating, but John moved past it since he still had a few burning questions from earlier. When Sherlock had been buzzing around the corpse, filtering through information at a pace that even John found hard to follow, there had been a few key details that stuck. Unfortunately, the police then arrived and there had been no moment for John to even begin to ask questions. Perhaps today was one of the lucky days when Sherlock actually gave him explanations instead of waving it off as obvious. So, John pulled Sherlock closer, gently beginning to run his fingers over the other's scalp, establishing a soothing rhythm.
Sherlock pushed his hips up, enabling John to slip a hand over his bum as he worked his mouth closer to the other’s cock. First, he nuzzled at the base before drawing his lips up the underside of it, tongue pressed firmly to the protruding vein. The tension in Sherlock’s body seemed to leave him with one sudden rush at the first touch of John’s lips. Suddenly, the other was all pliant limbs and soft skin beneath John which made him double his efforts, slipping his mouth seamless over the glistening head. He let his tongue toy a little with the slit and only gave in and let Sherlock slide all the way into his mouth when the keening got too loud.
The water boiled way too quickly for Sherlock's liking and soon he found himself in his armchair again, opposite his unwanted visitor.
"I'm sure you would have known if you were wasting your time" John chuckled, watching Sherlock who abruptly stood up again.
"There, take it. It won't get better immediately but you should start to feel the full effect within the next ten to fifteen minutes, at least that is what the packaging says. Other people have been divided on the time, some claiming it to be a wonder drug that works instantly and others complaining about it having as much effect as a mouthful of garden earth. I don't particularly understand that reference but there you go." John rambled on while Sherlock swallowed the pills and washed them down with a bit of water. The devil hadn't quite managed to spend the entire night lying motionless next to Sherlock and at some point, started researching the prescriptions the hospital had handed to the detective. After all, his cover still was that of a Doctor. It would be extremely suspicious if he were to be absolutely clueless in dealing with the injuries Sherlock had sustained the night before. The internet had been less helpful at certain points than he had hoped but anything developed through human nature would have that flaw. At least he had the dosage of all the pills worked out and thought to have a comfortable grip on how to change the wound dressing or address any bleeding if it occurred. It wasn't as much as he wanted to do for Sherlock, but it was as much as he could do.
"Not too much to be honest. I think there is still a lot that needs to be put into context but pain isn't the best catalyst for that kind of work." Sherlock sighed, "He obviously did his research and although he appeared quite controlled, there was the air of a fanatic about him."
"Forgive me that I find it hard to keep my mind engaged on mediocre details when a mad man is running through the city, acquiring quite a few relevant powers and resources." Sherlock pointed out with something that could almost be called a sweet smile.
"Oh dear" the old lady sighed, "Wherever has your cheery mood gone? You know, I don't think it's proper to be happy about all those horrible cases, but god help me you always look so proud after them."
"Yes, great helping." Sherlock snorted, throwing over a stack of loose pages and papers, "13 years. I really see your generosity there."
"I don't work for free" Sherlock quickly bit out harshly. It wasn't entirely true. The Yard got his services without having to pay the consultation fee. The devil on the other hand already owned something of Sherlock, so he would definitely not give away more. There was a line to good will and the devil had never been on the right side of it.
The devious smirk hadn’t left Sherlock’s lips as he held up his IPod between long, graceful fingers, “I know you have a docking station for this. We’ll need it.”
"Oh, please do keep up" Sherlock groaned, "I need an organisational map. That wall is perfect for pinning files and pictures to it. I have nothing else to pass the time today so I can also get going organising information outside my mind and perhaps get a reason for all of the madness we're in."
He felt like the news had made the round of the Campus within minutes. John couldn’t move on the University grounds more than five meters without someone turning around to catch an eyeful of him. It was annoying at the best of times and downright hateful at the worst. With a bit of good natured optimism John had thought this would last for a day, maximum two but he had been wrong. On top of all the stares he received Sherlock had been following him for the past two weeks. At first he took it as simple coincidence that the other was appearing nearly everywhere he was himself, always at a safe distance and with a look on his face that could have killed. But after the first week he had stopped believing in coincidences, especially when Molly had pointed out how weird it was that Sherlock hung around on Campus so much.
“Now, can we stop the talking?” Sherlock purred, straining against John’s hold again, “I don’t want to have gone through all the research and preparation in vain.”
"Please, there is less to do than you think" Sherlock looked up at him, hesitating for a moment. Then he quickly leaned forward and pressed his lips to John's, murmuring hastily "Am I allowed to do this now?"
John bit his lip and shrugged his shoulders, “Pretty obvious if you ask me.” He took a swig of his coffee, leaning back in his chair. “So, why do I get the special treatment then? There must be something because I can’t believe you don’t have something better to do than this weird charade.”
"That's more like it, but we still have to work on you wanting to get away as quickly as possible." John hummed, running his thumb across Sherlock's bottom lip, "I don't make deals often. By that I mean that I don't come out more than one or twice every couple of centuries. So be pleased that I was bored enough."
John huffed “No way and he’s probably just trying to figure out how to best knock me out of University”
John had to laugh involuntarily, “Stupid things to do? You’re not doing them right then if that’s your opinion.”
The detective rolled his eyes, making an exasperated sound. “No, like I said: If we don’t embark on a relationship, you will inevitably leave me for some petty woman.”
"Well, you said yourself that he is probably disappointed in me not living up to the stories" John shrugged "What you humans usually do when you are disappointed is to take matters into your own hands."
"I'm not sure but looking at what Moriarty got out of the deals and how he is behaving, it seems like he's gearing up for something quite big." Sherlock murmured, "Add to that that he wasn't too impressed with you turning up basically on his doorstep and him having a very deep religious background, by which I mean it is scarier than falling asleep with the devil in your bed, he doesn't appear to be too impressed by your work. But that still doesn't tell me what he plans to do next or what he is working towards."
"Sherlock, you know quite well that losing nearly 2 litres of blood does not make you a prime candidate for 'being out of there immediately'." John reminded him gently.
"Yes, but that is not the point. You are needed on this case which means your job is to stay here and not jump off on a whim." Sherlock had to admit, he was a bit testy at the moment.
“I am touching you”, John hummed against the pale skin, tracing the muscle line from Sherlock’s hip to his groin with his tongue.
"The devil can bite me and either way he'll have a field day with you first, so I'm pretty safe in line behind you."  Lestrade just shrugged and put Sherlock's files all on a pile towards the side of his desk.
“John!” a voice exclaimed and he turned around, letting his eyes wander curiously around the cafeteria. There were too many people here, as it was always the case at the beginning of a term but he quickly zeroed in on a small woman pushing her way through the crowd.
“Gosh, even your neck is bloody gorgeous” John chuckled, his hand in Sherlock’s hair tightening to pull the other’s head still further back. “So beautiful. You should look at yourself like this”, John breathed, attaching his lips right along the arch of Sherlock’s throat to suck a love bite onto it. Sherlock couldn’t stop moaning helplessly. There was no way for him to keep his otherwise marvellous self-control when he was under attack like this.
John was so taken aback that his body reacted with muscle memory and returned the kiss, trying to keep up with Sherlock’s mouth. It took a bit until his brain was back on track and he started to push Sherlock away and looked confused at the man sitting on his lap. “Pardon?”
"What the hell happened here?" Lestrade asked, standing in the door a little gobsmacked. He hadn't waited long after knocking since you could rarely expect Sherlock opening the door for you.
John was glad he could just about manage to close the door again. He hadn’t really spent a lot of thought on what Sherlock would look like. Foolishly, he had just assumed to see the same figure as in the hallway or perhaps dressed like he had been in the club. There he had already speculated how much of the show had been planned to perfection. The current sight just spectacularly confirmed that suspicion. Sherlock had changed into impossibly tight, black leather trousers. They looked expensive and were moulding themselves like a second skin around the lean legs and when John caught a sight of the plush arse in them, his throat went dry.
“I want to undress you, uncover all of you and then bit by bit take you apart”, John growled when he was content with the mark he had left. If Sherlock didn’t take to wearing a scarf continuously, it wouldn’t be possible to hide the darkening bruise.
Finally, he managed to get one hand down the front of Sherlock’s trousers, which made him immediately crumple against his chest. Right next to his ear Sherlock’s deep, rumbling moan sounded even more indecent than before. It seemed to John as if all that brilliant body control had gone out the window with his first full stroke down the length of Sherlock’s cock. His body was quivering and twitching where he sat on John’s lap.
Sherlock thought for a moment then nodded and kicked off the blanket, "Help me up and then we can figure something out. I believe I can use the living room to organise the case at least for today. Tomorrow will be another matter."
"You've been very thorough" the devil hummed in what sounded like an impressed tone, "I could definitely use more people of your skill. It would save me quite a bit of hassle in the end."
"Sherlock, even you need help sometimes." Lestrade smiled slightly, "I will leave you to your mess but take a look at your phone now and again."
The doctor was kneeling next to the bed, “Do you think you can stay with me for a bit longer? We need to get a few things into you, okay? I’ll be right back, don’t worry you’re safe here.”
"That's stupid. Anderson went through a post-graduate degree course and you wouldn't even know that he finished basic school training successfully. Degrees are just for people who need to hide their incompetence behind a slip of paper."
"I tried to link motifs and their consequences" Sherlock hummed, trying to compose himself again "It would obviously help, if we knew what they were asking for even if it wasn't for their own benefit."
“Yes? Are you awake? Should we…”, John stopped dead in his tracks when he opened the door. “Sherlock?”
Sherlock nodded, trusting John completely and couldn’t help but moan at the feeling of the other’s cock dragging across his inner walls. The slight ache was gently smothered in sparks of absolute bliss. He realised that all the feelings were suddenly coming crashing over him, his eyes just pleading for help.
In a world where Omegas were sold off and bound in their first heat after coming of age, the latest, Sherlock stayed the exception. He bound himself to his Alpha during his second heat after coming of age.
At 24, he seemed to be actively working towards that goal. He had cultivated a costly cocaine addiction, in combination with a taste for nicotine. Whenever things got particularly bad during that time, Sherlock could count on two things to happen. First, Mycroft would have him hospitalised, only to see his brother escape yet again. Then, Sherlock would get a visit form a crossroad daemon. They always tried to strike a bargain, get him away from the drugs in exchange for his soul, or a lot of money in exchange for his soul, or similar. They always wanted his soul for whatever wish he could name. Sherlock used to laugh in their faces. How could they be so pedestrian as to think, they had anything to offer to him. His last visitor had come when he was just about to shoot up again, after having escaped a particularly well-guarded hospital ward. Sherlock knew what he wanted, so he had just grinned at the daemon and send him away with the words:
John had to nod in acknowledgement. Sherlock was right it had been for Sarah but still, how could he have ever guessed what the other was really capable off from that bit of a tease?
“Argh, is this really necessary?” John asked her, watching as the imposing figure of Sherlock Holmes loomed over what seemed to be an unfortunate freshman.
“It’s a lot”, Sherlock defended himself, “The majority of people are boring, predictable and an utter waste of time. You on the other hand. I can’t seem to figure you out so I tried to bid myself as much time as possible but so far you are still different.”
"Lestrade, we both know that without me your division's numbers would be miserable" Sherlock said dismissively "Anyway, he's with me because I think he might have information regarding my latest case."
They decided on introducing the devil as a friend of a friend visiting the city. It would keep Mrs. Hudson off their trail, which was one of the most important steps. Having been part of a drug cartel, the old lady noticed too much for her own good. Therefore the devil disappeared, leaving Sherlock to ponder away the night on his own. They would meet again in the morning, starting their charade and Sherlock his efforts to win back his soul.
"Yes, in a way I do but they don't work like magic." John admitted and clattered about the kitchen a bit more than necessary for making a cup of tea. Somehow his mind wasn't on the task.
"No, yes... I mean" Sherlock stammered, looking quite a bit dazed, "You didn't hurt me it's just... I'm not really sure what's happening."
“Tea”, Sherlock croaked and cleared his throat before starting again, “Tea would be nice.” He felt utterly at loss and although his mind was swimming in facts now that he was calm enough to look, they weren’t coming out as easily as they used to. No biting remark left his lips.
"You really don't listen, do you?" the devil sighed, "They weren't exaggerating, you are a right piece of work."
“Yes, yes. I was only to come again if I were willing to give you a reason as to why I followed you”, Sherlock mocked him a bit so much was obvious.
Sherlock wanted to answer but noticed that his voice wasn't compliant to his mind anymore. All that came out was a slightly strangled sigh, making it sound like a feeble whimper. It elicited a horrified reaction from Sherlock and a smirk from John. "Ah, I see what the trouble is" the devil murmured, carefully bringing one hand in to rest against Sherlock's waist above his Shirt, "Do you want to stop or go on?"
He waved off “Keep calm that was more a thing of principles than anything else. Someone should have done that ages ago.”
"You're on the same page as our culprit then. Neither of you knows more than the other. Since it hasn't stopped him, I don't see why it should be a problem for you." John reminded the detective. It was a conversation, he wished they would stop having.
Sherlock swallowed but nodded. He could feel the blunt head of a hot cock at his entrance. John’s fingers were tracing patterns across his skin and it provided enough distraction for him to let his weight pull him down. His mouth fell open and he only let out the breath he had been holding when he sat completely on John’s lap. “Oh god”, his voice was faint and trembling.
When he was spent, breathing heavily and his legs just holding him up by some miracle, he let go of Sherlock. John opened his eyes and gently brushed his thumb over Sherlock’s shiny, swollen lips. “That was quite unbelievable”, John smiled and bent down to kiss Sherlock who turned away.
"This would be easier to understand if you gave me something" Sherlock groaned and forced his mind to get back on track. It would be important to have as much background knowledge as possible before the next corpse turned up. He couldn't afford to lose himself in minor tasks, even if they captured his interest a bit more effectively.
"There are so many reasons why I can't simply do that." John interjected, slightly annoyed that Sherlock still hadn't gotten the finer points of what it meant to be the devil.
If he had been a bit more aware, John would have been in awe of how quickly Sherlock had sussed out all the small moves which drove him mad. He kept up a relentless rhythm which wasn’t too fast but gave the opportunity to let his tongue do amazing little tricks. It made John feel completely lost in the sensations, his hand in Sherlock’s hair the only thing keeping him grounded in the moment. There were good blow jobs and then there was this. This was just bone melting witchcraft. John was sure that he could come any minute. The arousal having built up for too long over the evening now. Something inside him was against that, though. John didn’t know why. He only knew that he needed Sherlock up there with him.
"I won't get the full use of my legs back in the short amount of time I will now have to finish this case." Sherlock explained flatly, "Moriarty knows that he can't act in the dark anymore because I have an eye on his every move. He will try to bring his plan to fruition as quickly as he can now. I don't have the time to wait six weeks for my leg to heal. Whatever he has planned will be finished by the time I'm healed."
“And why couldn’t you have done that, I don’t know, outside? Like anyone else? Who has let you in by the way and how exactly did you get into my room? I locked it this morning” slightly annoyed John put his bag and keys down.
The Alpha swallowed, pushing down any instinct that was screaming inside his head. The moment he had started his training as a doctor he had decided that he was better than the primal voices in his head. One of the reasons he was so successful, even after being discharged from the military, was that he could cope with any patient in any state. Often people told him that he had an inhuman self-control. John just thought of it as the only respectful way he could treat his patients. With a calm mind he ran through the information he had. There was an Omega in his flat, most likely in his bedroom. The pheromones were strong enough to suggest an imminent heat but there was a sense of something else draping itself over the rest. John had encountered enough fear to separate it from everything else. The Omega wasn’t just scared, they were mortified.
"Does it have to be something creepy like my soul or blood or could I just offer you some high energy food? I mean, energy equals energy, doesn't it?" Sherlock thought aloud. It seemed to be the logical conclusion.
Lestrade groaned and rubbed his hands over his face, "Go on then. You have five minutes and I see you've brought your new friend along again."
Sherlock nearly pounced, his lips closing around the tip, his eyes fluttering shut and John couldn’t do anything but moan. One of his hands involuntarily went to Sherlock’s head, grabbing a handful of the dark curls. The other’s lips felt velvety smooth as they slid down further, connecting with the fingers still wrapped around the base of John’s cock.
"What's it again?" the landlady called back, coming out of her flat as she dried her hands in her apron, "Oh, who's that?"
Sherlock paused for a moment. He had been so fixated on his case, the corpse in front of him that he had forgotten with every victim he found, more work awaited the devil. Still, a part of him was miffed that the devil's powers apparently didn't let him take care of it quickly.
"What?" Sherlock blinked a few times, trying to fit Lestrade's words together to a logical expression. The cab ride had made him slightly antsy.
"Yes, thank you Mrs. Hudson that would be all." Sherlock was a little impatiently tapping his fingers on the banister, "Come on, John." He quickly went up the remaining steps to his flat. Obviously, Mrs. Hudson had to imagine things again but Sherlock didn't really felt like calling her out on it. There were more important things on his mind than what his landlady thought he and John were doing.
"So, you just decided to text him from a number he can research without problem and be linked to your blog?"
"I think it's brilliant what you did there" John shrugged "And I believe others would see it the same way. They just can't get through to the core points because they get lost in your explanations."
"Anything you can tell me?" Lestrade asked hopeful, then startled as John appeared behind him, "Jesus, where did you come from? I didn't see you earlier."
Sarah groaned, “Don’t remind me. She’s been non-stop talking about the wedding for weeks now. I really need a break.”
“So, same as always” John grinned “Are you back to watching the dead now? It’s actually not the worst of jobs, is it? I mean a lot of time for studying.”
Sherlock just batted open his eyelashes in response, not having noticed closing his eyes in the first place, and reached out to actively pull John back down. Thus far he had only gone along with what John was doing but if the danger of the other stopping at any time was on the table, he would have to get a bit more active in his role.
"Alone is what I have. Alone is what protects me" it came so blandly, John almost took it as a joke until he saw that Sherlock was just working, not smiling, not smirking, not giving any indication that it had been meant as a joke.
"Is everything alright?" John asked worried, pulling back and giving Sherlock a bit of space, trying to work out himself if he inadvertently had caused harm.
John looked at him with a raised eyebrow the 'I'm not allowed to talk about it" already on his lips.
"I don't wave my hands about and no. No, believe me I tried. You simply can't latch onto him. He probably is living in a holy fort and always carries something blessed with him. No one of us can even get close. I just figured that since his victims are very mortal and turn up dead on your streets, there might actually be a case another mortal could solve. Just because I can't get close doesn't mean another human couldn't. By now I've exhausted my means to the end that hiring you was the only option left, besides letting him continue obviously." the devil was gritting his teeth. Sherlock realised there was more to this story than he was being told. He made a mental note. If he wanted a shot at solving this case, he would need all the information which included delving deeper into the workings of daemon deals. He wasn't looking forward to that specific part if he was honest.
A quick glance at his living room stopped him dead in his tracks. He hadn’t noticed a visitor downstairs but then he believed that even if he had tried, he wouldn’t have found out before the other wanted him to. Somehow, Sherlock really had hoped he wouldn’t need to see him again before… before it was time.
"I know reputation isn't so great when you go around condemning people to eternal pain." the devil raised his hands in defence, "Well, technically they are doing it to themselves, and we just facilitate it a bit."
John crawled up so his body was lying alongside Sherlock’s, his own erection brushing against the other’s hip. He put his hand first on Sherlock’s waist stroking there in small circles before wandering closer.
That comment made John laugh “That’s all you’ve got in the threat department? God, really an anticlimactic meeting. The great Sherlock Holmes, feared by all students but in the end nothing more than a grumpy Teenager.”
“No need for that, I’m already prepared”, Sherlock said quickly, shrugging out of his robe and attaching his fingers back to John’s waist, trying to decide whether to open the shirt or trousers first. “You’ve done what?” John wasn’t sure if he had just heard correctly and stopped his hands on Sherlock’s warm skin.
"Yes, I should." he said insistently, leaning back again, "I'm somewhat dependent on you sorting out this bloody mess." In the beginning, he had had his grudges with admitting it but by now, John was sure that if Sherlock didn't solve this, he could only send the Apocalypse. Even to him that slowly seemed like a somewhat too drastic action. If actually caring, another new experience Sherlock seemed to be responsible for, had to factor into that equation, John wasn't sure.
“Oh, but did I really?” John hummed, his parts of clarity returning gradually now that he was allowed to satisfy himself a bit. Mercifully, Sherlock’s shirt had already come off but the tight pants were still firmly in their place.
"You have all the time in the world. You're the devil" Sherlock screamed, furiously. It was the last drop he needed to let his temper run free, “I don't have any"
Sherlock looked down at the slips of paper still strewn about the floor. Lestrade's file wouldn't add anything new but he couldn't risk ignoring it either. He needed to continue his work on the net. There must be a weak point, something he could twist enough to make his move. Gently rubbing at the skin above the gun wound pulled him back into reality. Whatever strategy he could device, it would entail him staying off his feet as much as possible. If he wanted to catch Moriarty he feared it would have to be done sooner rather than later. He didn't have the time to heal properly. He looked downcast at his traitorous body. He couldn't catch Moriarty, not alone.
"What's up?" John asked, having observed Sherlock as the other seemed to disappear into his head, apparently working through something. When suddenly a dark shadow had fallen over Sherlock's face John knew something was askew. He moved out of his armchair towards the couch behind Sherlock. "Tell me what you just went through."
"Do you know how rancid it would get if I let everyone sign in blood? I'm not the blood bank, I'm the devil." Sherlock heard annoyed words behind him.
A guttural moan was pulled from Sherlock’s throat as came in hot ribbons over John’s hand. His body first going incredibly rigid, then relaxing completely as he panted and came back down from his high.
"Sherlock, do you remember how long this took?" John murmured absent-mindedly while sitting down in his armchair. He continued to thumb through the pages of witness reports, photographs, notes and in the end the confession.
"How would you phrase your abilities which would lead to the apprehension of Moriarty at the moment?" John hummed, looking for the corresponding passage in the contract.
“Yep, mistress” John mocked her a little “I have classes either way. See you two around if I’m not killed by a mob of people trying to unobtrusively catch a glimpse or ‘accidental’ body contact.”
“Okay, let’s start there. Want to move this to a bedroom? It might be a lot more comfortable.” John proposed and put his arms firmly around Sherlock’s waist, pushing Sherlock to a standing position, draping the silk fabric back over his shoulders. “Come on. We can go upstairs if you like.”
It was true, it had been some time since John had shared his bed with a man last but he thought he still knew a few things and otherwise he could always start with what he liked himself and work from there. The dark haired man was definitely responsive so far.
“It’s only quick if your mind is that slow”, Sherlock shrugged, his eyes gleaming with the hint of a challenge.
"I'm not happy and definitely not proud." Sherlock pouted. Mrs. Hudson had taken on a way too motherly role in his life over the past years. Hadn’t he worked hard enough to discourage his biological parents?
John observed how the DI hesitated a moment but then took the files, pulling them all open to look at what Sherlock had brought. The man really trusted the other. John himself had felt like the victims had been selected utterly at random. It miffed him a bit that he couldn't figure this out and needed help. As it seemed though, he really had come to the right person. Sherlock seemed to have his hands in all the right pots and John felt almost glad, he might be able to grant him a little more time doing what he was clearly good at.
"Okay but what could he do? It's not like he could just dump a largely mythical place on earth and declare himself king." Sherlock still found it rather odd to remind himself of who John was and where he came from.
“Can I get anything for you, too? You look like you could do with a cookie or two”, John asked, no malice behind the small quip.
"No" John said decidedly, arms crossed in front of his chest, "This is not to entertain you. I gave you a job, do it."
Every word he heard made him perk up a bit. Of course he wasn’t out of danger. As much as the doctor, not terribly hard to deduce when someone tells you that straight on, seemed to hate the idea, his heat would set on and then all morals would be blown to the wind. Perhaps, just perhaps, he could get a few words in first. Perhaps the medical man would allow him to take birth control. There must be a way to spin it. Sherlock nodded to himself, yes at least he could make it as painless and with as few consequences as possible for himself. He nearly missed the faint tap on the door and the calmly spoken words, so caught up was he in his plan.
When his food arrived, an assortment of small Chinese odds and ends perfect for eating in one bite, John took it over to the couch poking at Sherlock’s feet. “Budge up.” He knew that if offered like this, it would only take about five minutes for Sherlock to have turned around on the couch, his head either lying on John’s lap or his body pressed close to the other’s side. In a way it was ridiculous that the dark haired one didn’t want to admit how much he craved touch but John was happy to give him what he needed silently. Like predicted it really only took five minutes until long fingers were stealing bites of food, John leaving exactly those pieces he knew Sherlock liked best.
"Sherlock what are these?" he called, picking up the folder right on top, flicking it open. Somehow he had developed a curiosity towards anything Sherlock kept in his flat, mostly because there was the one or other weird story attached to it.
"You are incredibly selfish, you know?" Sherlock hummed, head slightly propped up on a pillow. It really was a lot more comfortable this way than on the couch.
"Just not a viable one" John hummed. Sherlock was slowly starting to look more relaxed again. His distaste for hospitals had been obvious every step of the way he had been awake for. The pain wouldn't have subsided completely, although Sherlock was resting the injured leg, but the other's body wasn't as tense anymore. Perhaps it was also just something John was imagine through wistful thinking. After all there weren't a lot of things which could make Sherlock feel uncomfortable in his own flat.
"John's not here" the DI pointed out, "I'm just saying. You were practically attached to each other lately."
“Don’t throw it away, you’ll need it” he smiled and after the younger had took it ruffled his hand through the other’s hair which just intensified the blush.
"So this is ours then?" Sherlock grinned. Lestrade had only given him the call because he had promised. That much had been clear from the abundant lack of interest and desperation in his voice. Sherlock had already assumed they would go to at least two non-related crime scenes before one cropped up which he could actually use. John's expression and quick appearance though had him in anticipation. The victim would give him the first push in the right direction. He loved playing the game. Even more so when the opponent finally made a move.
John was surprised at what those words meant, "You really believe, you're better alone?" He actually felt his mimic contorting into an expression of disbelieve.
“It’s still a bit much, god that poor sod is nearly crying” John sighed. He was wondering how he had never actually seen Sherlock on Campus for the past years and suddenly he appeared in the cafeteria on the first day to harass students. There were several courses of action he could take now and if he hadn’t been as thick headed as he was, he’d probably have stayed with Molly, ignoring the tumult at the front of the room. But he was who he was. With a sigh he turned to Molly “Keep an eye on my things, please” and stood up. Whatever it was the person had done, John had decided it didn’t warrant public humiliation to this degree and since everyone seemed too cowardly to stand up to Sherlock, he would have to do it. He squared his shoulders and pushed through the ring of people to get to the centre.
"Either way it would be terrible if Moriarty actually managed to get closer to bringing down hell on earth with him at the top." John hummed after a few minutes of silence. He had done his own bit of thinking and all the knowledge and items that man was acquiring via deals really didn't point into a direction John wanted this to go.
"Wouldn't it be easier for you if you had an undercover persona which you could assume whenever you wanted to keep an eye on potential threats daemon or otherwise?" Sherlock asked, trying to sound as casual as he could muster. There really wasn't a lot along the lines of bargaining prowess in his repertoire. Usually, he never had to shoot that low but could either work it out for himself or have people simply tell him what he needed to know.
"You've collectively declared us the Evil, so yes you can fend us off, collectively." John shrugged, "I mean someone has to sort out the energy left in limbo after death. But it's not like any of us raised their hands to be considered the bad ones."
Sherlock nodded, shooting a quick look over at John but he couldn't read a thing on the other's face.
“Don’t be daft” the deep voice sounded almost sulky “It is perfectly safe. Now if you would excuse me, I have more important things to do than entertain you. There is the door or take the same way you came in.” He waved his hand in the general direction of door and window, before sitting down again completely ignoring John’s presence.
“You know that stuff his highly reactive and can spontaneously self-combust at room temperature?!” John said looking past Sherlock’s shoulder and nodding his head towards the bottle. He should probably get out of this flat but currently he didn’t really feel inclined to do so. There was still plenty of time to get back to Mike’s but this opportunity was rare and he felt like making the most of it.
“Oh you have definitely nothing to be ashamed of.”, he purred and ran two fingers up the underside of Sherlock’s cock, “Everything about you is bloody perfect.”
"Sherlock you have been shot." Lestrade said gravely, "How the hell did that happen? Believe me if you went after that guy on your own, I'm going to give you more to feel sorry about than your leg."
"This is all your fault.“ Sherlock kicked at the table, ignoring the sharp pain shooting up his leg almost immediately.
When the show was over, John felt like waking up from a trance. He had no idea how much time had passed, if any at all. The dancer was a professional through and through. Even as he was making his exit, he kept being a bit cheeky and playful, which earned him a lot of giggles from the girls. In his head John tried to rewind what just had happened. He realised it was all more a blur than something sharply cut. For a moment, he mourned the loss but he was sure that simply the impression and feelings he got from the performance would make for heated material. Well, at least they would if afterwards he’d ever be able to leave his flat again.
“Ah, I see you took the hint”, Sherlock smiled smugly as he stepped into John’s flat, long fingers twiddling with a sleek, black IPod.
John had to lean against the kitchen counter. His fingers were flexing against the edge of the cold surface. For the first time in years, he feared that his instincts might take over the rains. He couldn’t deny that he had grown increasingly fond of the Omega. Sherlock had within a few days thrown his whole world upside down. Not only had the doctor now made more visits to Scotland Yard than ever before in his life but also had a distinct reason to come back home each evening. Obviously he had tried to keep the nature of his feelings hidden but after the last night there probably wasn’t much use in that anymore. Still, there hadn’t been time to talk this through and John feared that if he gave in once, he wouldn’t be able to keep himself from bonding the Omega, whether that was the other’s wish or not. With a sigh he grabbed the water bottle and the birth control and went back.
I said there were going to be 2 chapters, didn't I? Ehrm, let's say there are going to be 3 now. Sorry.
"Come off it Lestrade" Sherlock groaned, obviously impatient to get going "Whatever it is. I'm too useful for you. If John got through without you noticing, then it's your fault. So, go scream at your officers but I'm leaving now."
The last words were spoken with emphasis. Sherlock would have to still figure out how much exactly he would need to be involved to fulfil his contract but it was better to give Lestrade the information as a requirement.
“Ah, why would I try to keep up with some petty freshman?” Sherlock questioned irritated, “I have no concerns whatsoever for him.”
John swallowed. Lying in the dark, he wished he too could succumb to a state of unconsciousness just to evade the thoughts in his head. There was no way out for them, no way forward, nothing that would make this any more bearable. John knew he had however long Sherlock needed to take down Moriarty and then he would be back to his eternity. A few weeks perhaps of what he longed for, of what strangely made him happy and not loath himself and then it was the same old for the next leg of forever. The only difference would be that then he would know how different it could be and he wasn't sure if the memories would ease the pain or ultimately be his downfall.
“Yes, clean” John choked out, entirely too eager for this to continue. Sherlock’s mouth talking was impressive but John guessed wrapped around his cock it would look more stunning.
“Don’t be ridiculous.”, John found that spoken with the slightly breathless voice those words lacked the usual cutting edge, “Who would have bought me if I hadn’t been a virgin?”
"Someone has to do it. I already told you that we are not the ones deciding on the duration of the punishment. Humans usually put themselves in eternal damnation and there is nothing I can do about it. If you cannot stop feeling guilty, if you cannot allow yourself to end your suffering, there is no way you are getting out of hell. But I can't keep you there if you have decided you have suffered enough for your personal sins. It's just.... well you've jumbled it all up and now I have the problem." John sighed. He wasn't fond of the system either, but it was what it was.
"Never, but humility in the face of your own incompetence." Sherlock spit out. They had long crossed the line of careful.
John was fumbling for a coherent thought. He was too tired for this stuff. “Ehrm… yes, I mean it was fine…” That was a grand understatement, John was well aware of it.
Sherlock hummed in confirmation, eyes dancing over the other’s face and chest as if he was searching for something, “That shouldn’t have happened”
"Come on, I told you way more of my day's work than necessary." Sherlock hummed "I'm sure there is at least a bit you can tell me."
Like promised John had come back to check on Sherlock later that night, when the noises coming from his bedroom indicated that another waved had just subsided. The sight of the other lying completely wrecked in a mess of tangled sheets, panting hard and looking delirious made John’s heart ache. He did his best to care for the Omega before leaving him to sleep. With any luck the boy would sleep for some time, his body already looking wrung out to exhaustion. Sighing John grabbed his phone and left a message for his secretary, taking time off work for the next two days. Although he had planned to leave Sherlock on his own, trusting the other would know what to do with his heat, he couldn’t bring himself to actually leave the flat. He really desperately needed the curly haired boy conscious enough to talk this whole predicament through with him.
"Yes," I said but quickly added, "sir," it's been two seconds and I'm all ready forgetting the rules. I waited a second to see if he was going to add anything, when he didn't I walked into the kitchen and continued tidying up.
I was starting to get worried, what if this man gets carried away and kills me? What if he is mean? What if I have to do his laundry?
Other then that and the clients who came in from time to time and Mrs Hudson no one visited and I was getting lonely. I felt as if I was all alone in the world; not that it mattered because I was a slave.
"Did you mean it?" I asked while I still had the nerve, "Do you... love me, Sherlock?" I had my eyes trained on him. I needed to here it.
I noticed Sherlock crouching over the body with a little magnifying glass, I stayed away but within earshot in case Sherlock wanted something. About a minuet later Sherlock stood and came over to me, "Your turn Doctor what can you deduce from looking at this body,"
"Hmm, good for you." I said miserably and, even though I knew it was against the rules, I threw myself into one of the arm chairs and put my head in my hands. The rules didn't matter any more, I wasn't going to follow them.
"Breakfast and tea is ready, Master!" I yelled loud enough for him to hear. Sherlock came out a few moments later with a grimace on his face.
"My pocket," Sherlock said without moving. Sighing I walked over, got it out his breast pocket and put it in his hand.
After I spoke Sherlock turned to face me with that look but as always he quickly hides it. He knew it was wrong just as much as I did, although social convention never stopped him in the past so what was holding him back? Society only prevents a relationship. There was nothing holding him back from having his way with me. This was all very confusing.
Sorry this chapter took a while, I wrote the others during my holiday but now I can only write and publish on the weekends; sorry for the inconvenience. I have tried to bare the tips in the comments section in mind while I write but I can get a little carried away and forget but I am trying and if there is anything else you can say that will help please leave a comment. Thanks :)
"Oh hell, no" John snorted, "People are weird believe me. What you've made up across the centuries is quite amusing but nothing more than that. I do have a bit of a problem with any extremist though, they usually take it upon themselves to punish others and I don’t like my job being done badly."
"I'm the devil, there is little I can't do but yes" John nodded, tilting his head slightly and waiting for an explanation.
John took advantage of a moment when the group of girls was starting to get tired. He quickly got them back home to Sarah’s where they were as fresh as daises again, already opening the next bottle. Without too much fuss John managed to get himself out of the house and back on his way home. Obviously not without having them vow that they were not setting another step outside the door in the state they were in. All girls happily smiled and nodded, so John didn’t feel too bad about going home.
The Omega swallowed but did as the doctor had told him, trying to sit upright and as neat as possible which just made the Alpha chuckled more. Sherlock was confused and shuffled around on the armchair, feeling the blue eyes of the other burn their way across his body. He felt like every fantasy he had had during his heat was written plainly on his face and he bit his lip.
"That's a bit snappy for people who let you in on their work without you having the proper education and degree." John chuckled, "You are just your word while they have the academic proof to back them up."
"Oh, I hope I can still make you see reason." John chuckled, feeling slightly light headed at not being pushed away immediately. It was a strange sensation, especially since he hadn't hoped it would turn out quite this well. Really, he seemed to be having way too much luck for his own good and he wasn't sure if Sherlock's loopy state had anything to do with it.
“I found your bag.”, he said just loud enough so it could be heard through the bathroom door, “I’ll put it down here in front of the door. Then I’ll go back into the kitchen, make tea and wait for you. Take as much time as you need, towels are easy to find if you need them.” He knew there would be no confirmation so he made his way back to his living area turning on the kettle to make a cuppa. That was the thing he had been looking forward to on his way home and now his quiet evening had taking a pear shaped turn. Some things you simply didn’t want to have to deal with after a long day at work.
“What? Jesus…” John asked breathless and couldn’t quite compute the sight of Sherlock on his knees, taking up the space between his thighs and practically nuzzling his groin.
“That’s what I told him, too.”, Anna grinned, “So, that is really all I had to say before this. I hope we enjoy it, well I hope you enjoy it since I know I will.” John realised that she was very self-assured. Something told him this would be interesting.
"You're perfectly aware that I can handle most cases you can't even finish with a team of 30. But this time, believe me when I say that I was intending to inform you of this case as soon as I had evidence which you would count as steadfast. In case you hadn't noticed, you usually are dubious of my methods until I can produce something that even the lousiest judge would recognise. Now if you gave me what I so kindly requested, I would try to get you just that string of connections you needed."
Sherlock was starting to feel pleasantly drowsy. It hadn't yet reached the deep tiredness which compelled you to rest. For now he was content just lounging on the couch and abusing John's talkative mood a little. He didn't quite know which event of the previous day had brought it on but he enjoyed the satisfaction of settling some of his curiosity. "There is one thing I still can't quite figure out, apart from your wonky powers." he hummed, letting his head role to the side so he could look at John, "If you didn't originate from religion, why did the cross stop you?"
"Now back to the questions and more importantly: my payment" John grinned and situated himself looming over Sherlock a bit while being aware of where the wounds were located.
John had to moan softly. All the tentative actions from Sherlock spoke volumes about how out of his field of expertise he was, stumbling along to follow. Quickly one strong arm was brought around the younger one’s waist to press them chest to chest. The faint gasping, which got stuck somewhere in the back of Sherlock’s throat, made John slow down even more. Now he was only languidly sliding his lips over the other’s, licking occasionally into the pliant mouth but making sure that the Omega had enough time to accustom himself with the foreign sensation. Whenever Sherlock had grasped a concept and was starting to answer more confidently, John would change things up, introduce a new variable into the equation. It was marvellous to feel the lithe body unravel on his lap. After nearly no time at all, Sherlock was involuntarily thrusting up slightly against John’s body.
“You’ve bettered your standards remarkably since the last time I saw you.” Sherlock could be mistaken, no he never was mistaken, the voice sounded almost impressed. “Still, a bit of a mess and your kitchen is a bio-hazard catastrophe waiting to happen.”
"Look at where it got you" he groaned into the well-used cushions of his leather couch. When this business was over, if he actually managed to finish it, he might have to think about the whole friends thing again. He liked to play it down, but he was feeling rather lonely. With the drugs his 'friends', speak drug buddies, had disappeared, too. At first, being alone had helped him to concentrate on what he was living for: the work. With the years ticking by he was slowly recognising the error of his ways. Now it was too late to change it. Probably. He had never felt this uncertain before.
"Oh no, I went for a fun ride on the fair" Sherlock huffed sarcastically, "I won't apologise for taking action when all you can be bothered to do is sit around and play thumb wars."
"If it's all the same to you, I'd like to have tea first" he said, slightly annoyed by the way his body wasn't under his control, "You seem to have settled in for a longer story and I do like my tea with them."
“It’s a very important experiment”, Sherlock’s feathers were obviously ruffled by John’s commentary, “There is a distinct pattern of differences and sometimes the most obvious clues are dismissed because some moron decided something as varied as tobacco ash is actually the same throughout. A certain amount of high ranking criminals still prefer individual brands of cigars which you can elegantly trace through the ash that might be left at a crime scene. These things could be the missing links in an otherwise endless case.”
"Well, if we go with that theory, what sins have we already crossed off the list then?" Lestrade asked and stepped aside so the crime scene photography could get the necessary pictures.
“How are you feeling?”, John hummed, leafing through the day’s newspaper as Sherlock emerged from the bedroom fully clothed and not even barefoot.
She playfully punched him “Stop it, I’m not some fainting maiden. But yeah, I’ve read quit a few books on it over the break and I think that’s something I could see myself ending up as. Of course I need a good deal of practice first and you don’t just get that job without work experience but hey, everyone needs a goal.”
Sherlock nodded, eyes glazed. John gently let go of Sherlock’s limbs, resting his hands calmly on the other’s waist still giddy with the feeling that apparently he was actually allowed to do that. “So, what is this? Are you conducting some kind of weird experiment? If yes, do take into account that I am not in favour of it.”
“Oh that’s lovely”, John had taken to babbling as Sherlock worked his mouth around his cock. The heat was spreading all the way through his body, tingling along his spine. The younger man’s head was bobbing relentlessly now. John had to bite his lip as he looked down and his gaze was met by Sherlock, pupils blown wide and nearly eclipsing the pale irises. He moaned around his mouthful and the vibrations lead to a stuttering moan from John himself. One of his hands pushed into Sherlock’s neck, not exerting any pressure just lying there on the smooth skin his fingers gently stroking over it as the other worked him closer to orgasm.
“Waiting for you to come home” the ‘obviously’ was implied by the annoyed timbre which coloured the deep voice. For a moment John had to think whether the voice had been that deep at their first encounter, too. He even forgot all the questions that had whirled around his head, well almost.
"He had a few minor run ins with the police because he had lived slightly over his means. So, a bit of doing a runner, unpaid credit cards and so on. Nothing major or at least nothing that would be uncommon in this day and age." Lestrade shrugged and left Mrs. Hudson's kitchen following Sherlock, "Why?"
Sherlock’s eyes got a horrified look at the mention of ‘help’ and John quickly cut in, “Not that kind of help. I was more thinking along the lines of providing food, water and clean sheets. I’m not going to have sex with you that is not on the table. If you feel more comfortable having heard me say it: I will not bond with you. We both didn’t choose this, so you can calm down, there is no danger.” For a moment John waited for a reaction from the dark haired teen currently sitting in one of his armchairs before coaxing him into talking, “Will you tell me a few things I should get you? I just want to have them all here before the shops close.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. DI Lestrade really was the only one who recognised his genius as valid aid to the work. The rest of the force was weary at best and hostile at worst. Under normal circumstances Sherlock might have tried to form stronger social bonds within the environment which provided him stimuli but with the set time limit, he hadn't bothered to. Now, he was wondering whether he would have the chance to rectify his behaviour, should he win back his soul. No, he didn't want to think down those paths yet. It would only let hope dwell within him and he needed to be cautious above everything else. The worst you could do to a man was give him hope and then take it away again, Sherlock knew that.
"I only interfered because you asked me to" John pointed out, crossing his arms in front of his chest defensively.
"The case" Sherlock reminded him impatiently. For being the evil overlord of the underworld the devil got side-tracked a lot, Sherlock noticed with annoyance. He feared this case would get as convoluted to deal with as his other private ones. Somehow, he had hoped a non-human client would be easier to work with than a human one. In terms of coming to the point and presenting all important information in a structured way, he had to concede that apparently everyone was just 'human'.
"How nice to know that being the cultural embodiment of all evil is a mediocre detail for you." John chuckled.
"As if. I told you there was no gratitude here for you" Sherlock pointed out, "Why do you only do deals ever so often? Shouldn't you be the main deal maker?"
"Well, you have no problem with sacrality" John shrugged "You will get him and as soon as some of his guard is down, I will also just be minorly inconvenienced. There is a reason he has gone so over board with his protection. It needs a lot to keep me away."
"And you're sure he's human?" Sherlock raised an eyebrow. If he had to go up against the supernatural, he wouldn't stand a chance.
"Sherlock, breakfast" John sighed, nudging the plate closer to the detective, who was writing in a slim notebook. It had been just about a fortnight since the woman, Mary Waterman, had been found dead and robbed of her soul. That particular detail didn't make an appearance in the official police report but it didn't alter the truth. After the initial turmoil had died down, John was effectively stuck with Sherlock. Stuck meaning, living a normal, boring human life. With nothing more to do than the crossword and getting acquainted with his future clients via trash TV, John had started to notice patterns in Sherlock's self-care routine, mainly that there wasn't any routine. Sherlock would crash for a maximum of two hours of sleep anywhere his body currently sat or lay. He regularly went at least 36 hours without shutting his eyes or taking a rest of any sort. It had John googling the effects of sleep deprivation on humans at some point. Tea would be drunk if offered but there seemed to be no effort on Sherlock's side to stay hydrated. Food was even worse. Yes, baked goods would go down without question but neither breakfast, lunch nor dinner were steadily kept times for Sherlock. John had managed watching him go for two days without once having a bite to eat before he had cracked the first time. He felt a bit like a parent, keeping constant tabs on an unruly child.
