Each team lines up in small groups on either side of the pitcher’s mound as a few integral members of the MiLB board come out with a microphone to congratulate both leagues on a spectacular game, Tony zoning out during the yaddah yaddah. Yes, yes, the well-spirited battle between respected players was reward enough, but Tony wanted to fast forward to the good part.
The words don’t register in his head for a moment. He blinks, feeling a pat on the back from Los Angeles’ Noah Denver as he hops off the bench and jogs out into the shortstop position. Tony comes out of the dugout, his glove still clenched tightly in one hand. “What do you mean, Whitaker? We had a deal!”
Rhodes gets an amused look on his face like he’s seeing something Steve isn’t. “That’s where you’re wrong, Cap. You were being too soft on him. You of all people know by this point that Tony doesn’t really take to gentle persuasion— You gotta question his skill to get him riled up enough to do something about it.”
“Clearly not you!” Steve says, exasperated.
Ty’s lips pull together and push out, mulling his next words over in his head carefully before speaking. “I did come to make sure you’re alright, Tony. I care about your well-being. When I heard about the assault, of course I came as soon as I was able.” He pauses again. Every sentence is as calculated as ever, even when it’s just the two of them. He’s always hated that about Ty. “I also thought I should be the one to tell you.”
He’s been dry for almost three years now. The backslides were always the worst part, the longer the period of sobriety, the harder the fall when Tony dipped back into drink. There was a period in the months leading up to his current streak of sobriety where Tony seemed to stop caring about his journey at all, and was accepting that alcohol was just a part of who he was. It was ingrained into his DNA. But then, suddenly, he found the strength to cut himself off. Steve is still haunted by the way Tony described that breaking point.
Tony’s inebriated mind supplies insidiously. “What, Mr. Honor and Justice doesn’t like when the truth gets thrown back in his face?” Tony asks mockingly, placing his hands on his hips. “Just admit you’re too much of a coward to end things. You want me to move away and be so busy in the Majors that it’s impossible for us to keep this up! Sure, blame circumstance because you’re too chickenshit to admit to yourself that this entire thing was all some midlife sexuality crisis and that once I’m out of the picture you can finally be
“Well, Pepper offered me to come spend it with her family but I just didn’t really feel like being around all of them right now. And the snow’s coming down too hard to bother with trying to go to any parties so… Yeah, I guess I am. Unless you consider my buddy Jack Daniels company.”
“Peggy,” he calls out to her, swiftly approaching the counter again. She turns to him in surprise, her eyes wide and tinged pink around the edges.
. “And you’re one to talk after being put in the corner for a whole year after the tantrum you threw.”
,” Tony scoffed. “You’re starting to sound like Nick. Speaking of which, shouldn’t he be here to discuss losing one of his team’s MVPs?” He doesn’t care if he comes across as a pompous douche to these Major League asshats. Maybe he’ll make them think twice about wanting to buy him. “And don’t you give a shit about what I want?”
“Steve…” Bucky is frowning again, but this time it seems empathetic. “My contract is up. It’s been up.”
They’re still bumping into each other and attempting to trip one another with the rolling luggage by the time they make it out of Tony’s building and onto the street. Janet’s already waiting by the van, making a show of tapping her watch as the two laughing players make their way over. She makes no comment about the quantity of things Tony is bringing, just shakes her head and gestures for him to get into the van when they finish loading everything up.
‘I always wanted one you know, as much as I pretended I didn’t. I love Pepper and Rhodey, like, I would murder for them type of love, but I wanted…I wanted the romance, someone that understood me.’ Tony stared down at the edges of his toes peeping out from the fabric pooling at his feet, knowing how pathetic he looked, how wretched he sounded.
‘I’ll fix this, Steve,’ Tony blurted, leaning closer to the man, his soulmate.
‘Hacking into…Tony that’s a federal offense! I won’t be able to-’
‘Drink?’ he called, ripping his tie off and undoing the first few buttons of his shirt, throwing his jacket over the back of the leather couch.
‘You didn’t. I’m an artist remember, I’m used to watching people, the thoughts on their faces.’
Toying with the idea of lying, Tony put the bottle on the kitchen counter, stretching up on his toes to reach into the kitchen cupboard for some glasses. This was usually where his male dates would press along his back, the bottle of wine forgotten about as they made out, but Steve didn’t move.
It was working.
Tony flicked up his sunglasses so he could look at the art gallery sign, the word Eterno curling around in crimson letters against a black background. Taking a deep breath, he tried to steady his nerves, berating himself for being a coward. He hadn’t done this before. He had asked men and women out for drinks, sometimes dinner in the hopes that it would result in sex, but he’d never asked someone out on a date with the pretense of getting to know them better.
This was a clever mind game. Nothing more, Steve had gotten him all worked up with the promise of being laid. and now he was making Tony work for it, some sort of power trip that he got off from.
It’d been a while since he’d been kissed like this, unhurried, languid, each moment stretching into the next. Usually, it was a precursor to the actual sex, a warmup, becoming acquainted with each other’s body, but Steve was breathing him in between kisses, hands stroking through Tony’s hair like he couldn’t quite believe he was here.
‘Because you’ve not been to any events in the past month and I’m sick of making excuses for you,’ Pepper hissed out through her clenched teeth smile. Gliding forward, she nodded greetings to the other guests, still dragging Tony behind her in a waft of expensive perfume and a rustling silk dress.
That only intrigued Tony more. A gorgeous body with a quick mind, that was the jackpot.
‘Very much so.’ Steve said the words like a prayer, like he was aching, running the edges of his nails down the back of this thighs, stopping to squeeze Tony’s ass. ‘It’s hard to miss this.’
‘Steve,’ Tony groaned, trying to arch closer, his body trembling as he bit down on his lower lip.
The words sounded like they were far away, filtering down through fog, or echoing down a tunnel.
‘Don’t be,’ Steve whispered in his ear, his voice a few octaves lower than before as he nipped at Tony’s ear lobe, shooting spikes of fevered want straight into his body. His fingers tightened into claws on Steve’s back as the man exploited his weakness, running the edge of his nose around the shell of Tony’s ear before running the flat of his tongue over it, making him whimper, his legs drawing up instinctively as he craved more, his knees pressing into the sides of Steve’s hips.
Opening his eyes, he smiled as he watched Tony’s fingers clench open and shut, searching for Steve across the mattress even in sleep.
‘Think of it like that. Look, Tony, just pick one piece of art to buy on behalf of Stark Industries. It’s a charity auction, pick one with pretty colors or something.’ She folded her arms across her chest, manicured nails tapping at her sharp elbows. Tony knew they were sharp, he had bruises on his ribs that matched the outline of her elbow perfectly.
‘Well, here’s to found family.’ Tony raised his glass for Steve to clink the side of it. They watched each other for a moment as they drank, the atmosphere crackling between them. He wondered if Steve was going for a long-drawn-out seduction game.
‘Don’t you need to…’ Tony gestured around the shelter.
Oh, he was clever.
‘Have you stolen something from me? My toenail clippings or my hair or something? I hate to break it to you, but that’s not the creepiest thing to happen to me,’ Tony joked, running his thumbs over the seam in the box, examining the knots in the beech wood.
‘Not always. They might meet up, but that doesn’t mean soulmates always stay together, or that they want to be with that person.’
‘What do you see when you look at me?’ Tony muttered against his thumb, wondering if Steve looked into his eyes and saw the echoes of all his past selves reflected there, if he was thinking about…
‘I…what?’ Steve looked taken aback.
‘What’s going on?’ Rhodey asked, sitting on the edge of his desk beside Tony, his gaze trailing over his body, lingering on the scar hidden behind his shirt. Rhodey encircled Tony’s wrist with his hand, worried eyes peering down at him.
The muscles in Steve’s arm flexed at that, and he took a step after him, placing his hand over Tony’s, protecting his heart, ready to shield him from any threats. This was crazy, he’d only known Steve for a few hours, but all Tony wanted to do was curl into his body, to just rest and unleash all of his inner demons, knowing that Steve would hold him tight through it, protecting him.
He was scared, but he couldn’t imagine what this was costing Steve.
‘You care about them, it’s cute,’ Steve told him.
It hadn’t felt like this before, granted, he was usually the one that did most of the seducing when it came to women, the one expected to top. With guys he could go either way, but when he bottomed it was never like this, not this teasing with fire, lingering and drawn out, exploring every inch of Tony’s neck to find the sensitive spots, and then exploiting them until he was writhing with pleasure.
‘Wait, wait Tony!’ Steve called, jogging after him. ‘I’m sorry, I was being a jerk, not understanding-’
‘Katie, and that’s a very diplomatic way of putting it,’ Pepper said with a frown.
‘Tony… I’ve tried everything, chased every clue across the world,’ Steve followed his lead, leaning towards him in return.
‘So, as you can see Pepper, I’ve done everything you’ve asked of me, can I go now?’ Tony begged, breaking eye contact with Steve to plead with her, knowing she would relent eventually.
‘Eternals, yup. He showed me pictures and JARVIS verified them. H’s telling the truth. The army…decades ago made a serum that was meant to make soldiers stronger, but it didn’t, it made them immortal, and I’m trying to find records of it.’
The kid shot him a look that, if he was reading this right, bordered on protective.
“So, Tony, what’d you have in mind for tutoring Steve?”
“Good morning, Mr. Stark. She blurted out nervously.
"Who else is in on this? And what can the Avengers' do?"
“Oh, yeah. Definitely. Gnight, Sam.”
“Hey, that’s amazing! Everyone says that class is stupid hard to follow if you don’t already know what the kid up front is talking about and half the time people have to stay behind and ask him to break stuff down.”
“Aw, Steve… look, find the guy who was tutoring you. He’ll know what I’m talking about. You should be extra proud of that C, too. Means you can get all your homework done before the year is out.”
“There won’t be a cease-and-desist order.” Tony determined. “Not yet, anyways. People like the flowers and there’s plenty of employees at the Tower. We could easily wait this buyer out.”
"Open it." Steve groused after a few moments.
“Excuse me?”
“Well yeah, it’s a junior-level class, Steve, what were you expecting?”
Sheila winced, wondering how this situation got so out of hand, and weaved the flower through her braids. Hopefully its message of encouragement and good fortune would rub off on her.
Steve rolled his eyes and dug around in his pocket to reveal a small black square nestled in his palm.
There were enough flowers to fill a shop scattered throughout the lobby. They’d been checked repeatedly for nefarious objects that might have accompanied them, and since there were none, they reached their intended destination without trouble. They started going home with employees, since they always showed up at Stark Industries.
“I just so happen to be a tutor, and your grades are projected to be atrocious. Lucky you, everything is technically due at the end of the year, so if you want, I could help you get up to snuff.”
“Oh. Shit.”
"Hey, Steve," Tony parrotted. "Got any ideas for all this?"
“Well, that’s because I’m a literal genius, Stevie. Joined Mensa and everything.”
"Thought you didn't do that anymore." Steve quipped cheerfully.
“I really don’t understand, though.”
You’re damn right, you do.” Tony chirped. “Which is why I’ve humbly offered my services. See you, next class, we’ll work out a schedule after that.”
“Oh, that’s a great sign! He loves hopeless. Means he can impress you with bullshit. He’s not going to, of course.” She snorted when she noticed to look on his face. “He needs you to pass that class. This is good! You might get a date out of him yet.”
"Alright. And what's this Cupid guy's aim?"
“Nah, Sam’ll be annoying if I get you to kiss me again. But we’re still ordering pizza.”
“So the notebook full of sketches surrounded by random words are supposed to be invisible, got it.”
Plenty of names had been struck from the list. Fans had been contacted, employees vetted, colleagues grilled, to little avail. The answer came one dreary afternoon during a briefing on the Avengers' latest foe.
"SI has been standing of its own accord long before Tony or I were born." Pepper deadpanned.
“We’re going on a date.” Carol announced.
“Hello, Carol. What’re you doing in the art building?”
in league with the guy who sat next to him.
Four classes.
“Barely.” Rhodey snorts. “Seriously though, you’re what, nineteen?”
"Do you know when the orders were placed?" Tony prompted calmly.
But four classes of this kid practically drooling over his little shit of a brother would not stand. The kid should ship up and ask a question or just plain ship out because he wouldn’t get anywhere doing this.
Even Rhodes was congratulating him. This felt… strange.
Steve stuttered through his order, a chicken-pineapple enchilada with green chile sauce and a Sprite. Tony made him look smooth by comparison because he couldn’t decide if he wanted an enchilada, a tamale, or a burrito. The waitress grinned and said, “I’ll put you down for your usual.” before going back to the kitchen.
“C’mon, we’re almost halfway through the semester, you had to have gotten something right.”
"Oh yeah, definitely." Steve acknowledged, recalling several inventions he'd used during the war bearing the Stark name. "Never did get that flying car, but I guess that means whoever this is, they're new to the game. Scoping out their competition. I mean, SI isn't the only company in the news for this."
"There's that." Steve grumbled. "And there will be more flowers after all this. Proper ones."
“Yeah, yeah…” Steve muttered. He should probably have asked Erskine more questions before he went along with this class.
"Maybe hold off on those for, like, a year or two." Tony scoffed. "If I never see another petal it'll be too soon."
“Go? What for?”
“You gonna get to class anytime soon?” Another familiar voice snarked.
“I know it’s at least supposed to resemble an arch, but not how wide, so there’s that.” He groused.
“An artists’ mind, sure.”
Right.
The kiss was brief and Steve had to lick his lips twice after that.
Steve scoffed at that one. Now she was just yanking his chain.
The blond artist shook his head.
“You seem to have no trouble with any of the coursework.”
"That doesn't explain everything." Tony noted. "There were notes attached to each bouquet. They had many of my personal favorites, things that few people would know about me. Some things about my employees and those I'd consider respectable colleagues. If any of them are in the line of fire, whatever arbitrary standards he's using to judge us might not apply to them."
“Atta boy, Tony. Go get your guy. He looks like he’s lost on campus as well.”
“Yeah yeah, I don’t know why you think that’s still funny. Anyway, I’m asking because he likes your rambling but he hasn’t gotten anything done since the start of class so you might have to take it slow, y’know, ease him into all this, maybe get some food every few sessions, the usual.”
Steve didn’t know what to do with this, but the least he could do was try.
Tony rolled his eyes and yanked Steve down to his eye-level. Before Steve could say anything else, their lips met.
“So we’re good?”
“What’s it to you?” Steve grumbled. Apparently, Rhodey spread tales of his imminent demise at the hands of failure.
Steve did not shape up. He couldn’t help himself. There was no way in hell that guy was talking sense, especially since the guy was right and he didn’t really belong here. What was he doing, anyway? There’s still three-fourths of the semester left, he should go to Erskine and quit while he’s ahead.
"Oh! That… that's definitely something I can look up. I'm sorry, Mr. Stark, it's just that this is the worst time for such a huge order, I-. Not your problem. Okay, first order came in on a Saturday, I remember that much. It can't have been long after the Spring festival. Everyone gets flowers around that time but this was all to one place-. Okay. February 13th is when the first order for Stark Industries came in."
‘Word of mouth, whispers, rumors, stories,’ Tony nodded.
Tony was gone, hurtling towards his orgasm, barely able to warn Steve about what was happening before he was coming down his throat.
‘If I’m so different, why did you just let me leave like that?’ Tony asked, reaching over to place his hand on Steve’s forearm, almost hissing at the contrast of his icy fingers and the heat coursing through Steve’s veins.
Rhodey froze for a moment, his eyes going wide. ‘And he’s…you think he’s one of these-’
‘This is your choice, but hell, why not give the guy a chance, if nothing works then nothing works.’
Tony’s hand slipped as he heard the sound of the locks on his workshop door opening, and he swore down at the robotic arm, shoving it away and rolling his eyes as Pepper came to a stop in front of him, hands on her hips.
‘I can’t help it, I overthink everything,’ he gasped as Steve finally lowered his hips into the cradle of Tony’s. He could feel the outline of Steve in his sweatpants, he could feel he was just as hard and just as wanting as he was.
‘Tony that was like over two hundred years ago, there wouldn’t be any paper copies of secrets from back then, anything
But never a child.
‘What, Pep?’
‘You can leave at any time, I promise. I’m not going to stop you, or chase after you…’
‘Tony Stark,’ he said, offering his hand.
‘Wait are you serious? You’re asking me, Tony Stark, what I do?’ Tony spluttered some of his wine back into the glass.
‘What if you’re right?’ she counteracted, giving him a grin when he floundered for a response.
‘Tony?’ Pressure on his knee made him jump, and he plastered himself against the back of the couch, trying to escape.
Tony looked at the painting. The similarity was uncanny, it looked like one of those pictures where they dressed you in old clothes and restyled your hair, pretending you were in the eighteen century or something.
‘We can’t confirm the existence of the serum without a blood sample,’ Tony interrupted JARVIS.
‘Uh huh, so strong that I sleep about and don’t make any real connections, strong enough that I hide in my workshop creating things and avoiding board members,’ Tony spat, crossing his arms over his chest, clicking Rhodey’s pen again.
‘The…stories about what…mythical beings who live forever, suffering because their soulmates reincarnate or something? Tones, those are just stories, fairytales we tell kids.’
‘The painting was meant to bring you over here, my personality was meant to win you over,’ Steve teased back.
‘The Civil War? I fought in that one too.’ Steve bit down on his lip, looking up at the ceiling.
‘Steve,’ he whimpered, almost pleading as he wriggled his body beneath him, lifting his arms up.
Why was he telling Steve all this? He’d hardly even opened up to Pepper and Rhodey about the betrayal he felt, the nightmares that made him wake up screaming.
‘I…I don’t know,’ Tony said honestly, aware they were drawing attention. Ramming his hands in his pockets, he dropped his gaze, feeling the stares of everyone around them. ‘Look, I’ll be straight with you. I don’t do this, have never done anything like this. I fully expected the other night to be a onetime type of thing, but…’
Tony stopped trying to pull the cork out of the wine, staring at Steve.
The charity auction was taking place on the entire top floor of Stark Industries, not only giving the guests break taking views of New York spread out beneath their feet like scattered jewels on a plush black carpet, it also gave the company a much needed publicity boost.
‘Steve Rogers,’ Steve told her with a polite smile.
‘It all sounds like fairytales, doesn’t it? spooky stories to scare children, occult science, the supernatural, I didn’t believe it either. But that wasn’t how they spun it to us in the army, we were losing the war, and we wanted to win.’ Steve stretched his legs out, resting the back of his hands on his knees, staring at his loosely curled fingers.
‘We are,’ Steve whispered, tilting Tony’s head back gently as he leant forward.
‘I found him, Rhodey,’ Tony croaked out, turning his hand so he could grip onto Rhodey’s, allowing the feel of the hand in his to anchor him.
Pepper pulled back, waiting until he looked up. Her eyes were filled with furious tears, and he reached up to wipe them away.
Sad? Tony didn’t do sad. His mind was conjuring phantoms, trying to convince him there was a link between him and Steve, toying with possibilities.
‘Did you seriously cut out a pair of underpants for my priceless piece of art I brought for you?’ Tony asked as soon as Rhodey shut his office door, ignoring the way he took a moment to rest his forehead against the glass. Leaning back in Rhodey’s chair, Tony spun himself around a few times, trying to keep his gaze on the naked painting he’d gifted Rhodey.
He wasn’t the clinging type, he didn’t want to form long term relationships, he just wanted to pass the time away for a few hours, scratch an itch and all that. He couldn’t explain why the craving for Steve Rogers was still present, becoming more incessant as the days wore on, plucking away at the inside of Tony’s brain.
‘No, I was nearly done anyway.’ He waited as Tony shrugged him off, nabbing one of the volunteers. He pulled his business card from his pocket, scribbling Pepper’s number on the back and handing it to him. ‘What was that for?’ Steve asked.
Steve’s place was a mess, which surprised Tony, considering his military background. It was a loft in Brookyln, not a place he often frequented, but he found it endearing how Steve became flustered, picking up hoodies from the back of his slate grey L shaped couch, throwing them all towards the kitchen part of the open plan loft. Tony checked in with JARVIS before he toed his shoes off near the door, padding across the plush carpet towards a sketch book.
‘Have you heard the story about the Eternals and their soul mates?’ Steve asked gently.
Steve laughed, drinking from his own glass.
‘I’ve tried…several times. I’m going to have to get a blow torch or something to rip apart…whatever you’ve used to stick it to the wall with.’
Tony wasn’t afraid of heights, but he found the way you could still see downstairs from the bedroom mezzanine level disconcerting, so he tore his gaze away, looking at the huge king size bed, the freshly laundered crisp black sheets.
and it doesn’t work, then you still have Rhodey and me, JARVIS, the company. We are your constants, Tony that isn’t going to change.’
‘Sorry, got a bit…lost, lost in thought there. We were making weapons, but I’ve just shut that side of the business down, you must have seen our stocks plummeting?’ Tony made light of it, trying to joke.
‘Let’s go.’
Steve made a soft noise of distress in his throat, shifting forward on the couch and then halting, giving Tony his space, letting him get it all out.
Tony looked away from the hand Steve offered then, meeting his gaze and seeing the honesty burning in his eyes.
‘You’re sad, Tony.’
‘JARVIS…’
Steve prying in his personal, intimate life made him uncomfortable, and he felt the need to drag the night back to something he was used to.
‘No, Tony. I feel it too. Come on, there’s something I want to show you that will explain everything.’
This was his life, the glitz and glam that came with being one of the most powerful CEOs in America. A pioneer in renewable energy and technology, an inventor of the unthinkable.
Steve shut him up with a kiss, cupping the side of Tony’s jaw with his calloused hand, infinitely tender despite his strength.
‘You really don’t believe me when I say I didn’t know who you were?’ Steve chuckled. ‘This sounds dumb, but I struggle with technology, phones, the internet, I guess you could call me a technophobe.’
The man had gone silent, statue still as he looked out into the middle distance.
‘See that there, your stubbornness, that’s all Tony Stark,’ Steve told him with a chuckle, leaning back on his couch.
‘Still, the threat was clear, and I do not doubt Miss Potts’ ability to dismantle me if she put her mind to it.’
‘I can move your morning meetings, but Miss Potts has insisted I am not allowed to move the afternoon board meeting. She threatened to rip my wires out if I do.’
‘You’re immortal. You’re one of those…those,’ Tony couldn’t find the words. ‘Why are you telling me this?’
‘Steve,’ he said gently, placing the box down.
He took the hand, allowing Steve to pull him gently onto the couch beside him.
‘I can see that. I don’t have any family either, just my best friend,’ Steve said, diffusing Tony’s anger.
A redundant banging on his front door echoes through the house before Tony hears it swing open, keys jingling in the lock. “Toooonyyyyy?” A voice calls up the stairs. He can hear footsteps bounding up them two at a time, so cavalier.
The table is almost comically long, to the point that Steve has to wonder if it was assembled in pieces or if tables could actually be manufactured at that length. He also has to wonder where the hell someone found a tablecloth long enough to cover it.
Bucky doesn’t seem like he’s in the mood to joke for once. “Yeah, but that was just Class A. This is the World fucking Series, Steve. You can’t just give up now because I’m not playing. How the hell is that fair to the rest of the team? To
Steve stumbles after him, wondering exactly how big this apartment is as they wind around another five rooms. They finally reach Tony’s master bedroom, Steve not really getting a good look around in the darkness before Tony has him pressed up against the door and is stealing his breath away with another mind blowing kiss.
“Yeah,” he says heavily, nodding his head as gently as possible to not disturb whatever injury he might’ve sustained to his skull. “It’s… It’s coming back.”
And then it’s morning, and far, far too bright. Tony shifts in bed, groping blindly for a pillow to pull over his head in a vain attempt to block out the light. He’s laying on his stomach, face pressed into the mattress when he feels a weight shift on the bed next to him. He kicks his foot out instinctively, feeling it connect with something solid.
much.
“Not a problem at all, I bet many people are happy to see you two back together,” The interviewer says. “You two used to play on the Avengers together, although Peter was first recruited when you had already moved onto playing for the Knights. A lot us remember the almost father-son relationship that developed between the two of you even though you only played together for one season. People have even noticed Peter’s pitching style is similar to yours in a way. What was it that made Tony stand out to you as such an influence, Peter?”
. As per usual, Steve shouldn’t have even questioned Tony in the first place.
It’s not terribly late when he starts to drift off, and a knock comes to his door. Even though the knocking is a dead giveaway that it’s not Ty, Tony doesn’t know who else would be visiting him right now. He wouldn’t put it past the man to go down to the front desk and get a key to his room to just let himself in. Ty is the regular starting pitcher for the Knights, but has been resting his back for the past few weeks. Most likely he’s just dropping in to offer some sage words of wisdom that Tony will surely ignore.
Tony nods. "Of course, sir, but I'm more than just a pitcher. Put me in the outfield, any of the bases, hell, I'll even play shortstop if you want. I just want to help out the team in the best way I can, and the more I play in any other position will help us way more than if I just get an inning or two as a pitcher." This is a total lie; Tony just wants more time in the limelight. He refuses to be outshone in his own starring role, and even he can admit that the other pitchers the PCL chose are pretty good.
“Exactly!” Steve cups his face, staunchly keeping their eyes locked together. “You’re not done yet. You left the majors on such a bad note. I’m not saying you need a redemption arc to prove yourself to anyone…
A shiver travels down Tony’s spine and he has to bite down on his lip to keep himself from smiling too much. “Don’t worry,” he responds vaguely. “I have a plan.”
Not an apparition as he initially thought, a flesh-and-blood Tony is standing next to him at the end of the line. He’s out of uniform, but still in his training kit that most players wear when they attend games but aren’t slated to get off the bench.
“I’m Nurse Leyva, I spoke with both of you on the phone.”
Tony finally feels traitorous tears spilling over and he throws his arms around Steve’s neck, unsure if he even has the strength to stand anymore or if Steve is bearing all of his weight at this point. “Yours too,” Tony whispers, doubtful Steve could even hear his reply over all the uproar, voice muffled with his face pressed tightly into his own shoulder. “Sarah’d be so proud, Steve.”
If Tony feels Steve openly staring at him, he doesn’t comment, focused in on his work like he’s alone by himself. “Merry Christmas, by the way,” Tony eventually mumbles, eyes flickering back and forth between the results on his computer screen and what he has written down in front of him.
Tony hums again. “Good to know you can still get it up.”
“Shit,” Steve sighs, clutching at his forehead. “I had plans with someone…”
He finds himself slipping outside about an hour before midnight. He, along with everyone else, is significantly hammered (minus the few unlucky bastards who volunteered as DDs for the night). He stood amidst Steve and some of the older vets on the team who had also stepped down from the Majors and had nothing but sage words of wisdom to offer to Tony about the differences in the leagues. After about two minutes of the well-meaning advice, he had zoned out, standing there with polite nods and smiles before excusing himself for a smoke.
Most people probably think Tony takes everything he has for granted, but he knows exactly how lucky he is to be a nineteen-year-old athlete/engineer who owns his own multi-million-dollar abode in Malibu with a private beach. He was born into brilliance; why wouldn’t he be thankful for everything he’s managed to make for himself because of that?
“Boys, play nice,” Janet sighs. “I’ll see you in the morning for the meeting with Rezzo and the rest of the team, I don’t care what you all get up to tonight, but my one request is that you aren’t too hungover tomorrow…
teams—”
Steve chuckles weakly. “I’m not sure I’m the man for that mission. Your son doesn’t like me very much.”
“I think a part of him is still guilty for how it went down… I kind of roped him into playing baseball. I was way more into it than he was when we were younger, he just wanted to do whatever the other kids were able to do at the time and prove everyone wrong that he was too sickly to keep up with us. But he stuck it out. He got really good, even better than me,” Bucky laughs. “We moved up the ranks together until we finally reached the top. He tried to warn me about my injury but I didn’t listen. And because of that, both of our dreams ended a lot earlier than either of us thought they would… He still blames himself for it, even though it was all my fault. And even if he wouldn’t have changed anything and still dropped down from the Majors because I had to retire… I think he doesn’t want you to have to make that same sacrifice if you can help it.”
Tony balks. “That can’t be right. That’s for
They lay on their backs, reclined on the natural slope of earth to stare up at the pale dawn sky, thin wispy clouds lazily drifting along overhead. The occasional gust of wind coming up from the cape below feels good against his sweat-slicked skin, the two of them enjoying the silence as they lay side by side, hands barely touching just to assure the other one that they are still here.
As soon as the PCL’s lineup was released to the public, Tony had done his homework, arguably, one of his strongest skills. He’s already placed in a position of advantage, most of the players he’s competed against before. He knows their patterns, their style. His hyper-eidetic muscle memory keeps a neat little catalogue of every single player he’s ever thrown a pitch to. For all the newcomers to the league he hadn’t had the opportunity to play against during his time on the Irons, he recorded as many games as he could and watched the tapes back countless times to try and decipher trends from the grainy footage. Even if there are a few players he doesn’t know the exact behaviors of, Tony can always forgo the personalized fate-sealers and just throw an old fashioned, faultless pitch that’s sure to trip up any player.
Steve tries not to let it show how much Tony even bringing up the idea of marrying him warms his heart, even if it is in a completely joking and blasphemous manner. “Sounds good to me.”
incredibly stupid what you did. And as much shit as you’re going to get for it… It’s going to help in the long run. Things are changing, even if it doesn’t feel that way. You should be proud to be at the front of that change.”
Tony’s mouth twitches in amusement, making Steve wonder what he just missed going on in that big brain of his. “After I graduated, I already had plenty of investors who wanted to hire me for contracted work, or companies who wanted to take me on as a designer but… I don’t know. None of them felt like the right fit. I wanted some time to pursue some passion projects and work on my doctorates, but I’d go crazy if that’s
“Sweetheart, wait just one moment, don’t go back to sleep just yet. Stay with me, Tony— just a little bit longer. The doctor is coming— Steve will be right back too.”
Steve raises his head to see Peggy standing at the counter, looking just as wrecked as he probably did. It’s been a long time since he’s last had time to see Peggy, too long. He notices streaks of grey in her dark chocolate locks that are pulled away from her face in a hasty bun, her appearance not nearly as put together as Steve is so used to seeing her. She must’ve been woken up in the middle of the night because of this.
He almost has half a mind to feel self-conscious as he lets the other man into his apartment, knowing it isn't near anything up to Tony’s standards as far as size and luxury went. The billionaire doesn't seem to care, drifting out of Steve’s hold as soon as there's a couch in sight. He collapses face down onto the big, ugly, brown thing, a content sigh leaving him. Steve goes to the kitchen to pour a tall glass of water, and upon returning to the living room finds Tony snoring softly with one leg already hanging off the edge of the couch. Steve sets the glass down as quietly as possible on the coffee table and grabs an afghan off the back of the couch to drape it over his sleeping form.
“Do you really expect us to believe that?” a voice shouts from the crowd. Tony’s reserve breaks, his eyes flickering up to see a blonde woman standing up in the aisle, heads turning to look at her. She seems familiar, but he can’t place from where. “Players from your previous teams have come out with stories of your suspicious, queer behavior.”
"Hi, I'm just making sure everyone got checked out of their rooms okay but we're missing one of our players. Tony Stark? He was in room 2071." Steve wrings his hands nervously as the receptionist taps away at the keyboard.
Tony feels an uncomfortable chill go down his spine. Shame and anger twist inside of him, hating the look on Pierce’s face like Tony is some abomination that should be cowering in front of him. “I’m familiar, sir,” he answers coldly, refusing to let the hateful rhetoric leave his tongue.
They win their first game by the skin of their teeth and Steve ends up playing all nine innings. He stays on the field even during his downtime during the batting order, knowing if he tries to speak to Tony now that he’ll only be more distracted once stepping back onto the field. He’s sweaty and covered in mud and grass stains, the damp ground unkind to his white uniform. Despite this, he tries to make his shower quick in the hopes of catching Tony before he leaves, but he never even sees him come through the locker room. It didn’t really make sense for him to do so considering he hadn’t played.
He turns back around, letting his vision tunnel in again on the opponent at hand. The sound around him dulls down into a roar. He can still hear Hammer’s tones in the cacophony, but his words are incomprehensible as Tony stares down the line and in three clean pitches, strikes the next batter out.
Evidently, he’s been doing something right. He and Thor are the popular picks from the Avengers this year, with Steve being tacked on by the IL Board’s vote. The year when Tony had still been playing for the PCL, Steve was the only player chosen to represent the Avengers. Last year, no one had been called up. Tony thinks that Steve probably would’ve had another shot at it had he actually played more, but the previous season was more of a resting period for the thirty-four year-old Captain. The Avengers have always been a well-regarded team, but haven’t always resonated with the fanbase. Half of the interest with the Triple-As were how often rosters fluctuated, constantly rotating players in and out, new faces every season. The Avengers had sort of fallen at a stalemate in the last couple of seasons, but they’ve started a slow crescendo again thanks to Steve at the helm and having a handful of newbies from the Double-As on their team this season. (Tony also likes to think he’s piqued people’s interest since joining.)
She takes away their plates and brings out two fresh cups of coffee, his with milk and Tony’s black, sugar and creamer on the side. The coffees are cooled enough to drink by the time Tony slogs his way back into the booth, still looking pale with a sheen of sweat coating his olive-toned skin.
the average of most of the players in his league, even just glancing at his overall player value. Hell, he’s beating out major league players too,
"Who is it?"
Tony has out-pitched twenty-two of his teammates and Steve doesn’t think that he’s going to be any different. He glances towards Natasha who looks like she could melt the bat in his hands if she continues to glare holes into the aluminum.
Greene’s got a mean fastball, and Tony is sure he intends to use it to try and strike him out. He’ll probably throw a poor pitch to throw him off, make him think he was trying to get Tony to swing at a poor time and then follow it up with a pitch of blinding speed to end things quick.
Steve rolls his eyes. “We have one stop to make before we go to the stadium.”
“Bucky?”
Steve takes a moment to turn over the thoughts in his head before he leans down towards the mic. "Playing baseball professionally for the past thirteen years has been an absolute dream of mine. I grew up in Brooklyn as a huge Stars fan and the fact that I'm sitting here right now in front of you all is still surreal," he smiles comfortably, Bucky rubbing his shoulder.
“I know,” he replies, still grinning. “But what else?”
“I have to go with him,” Steve urged, trying to push past his coach.
An almost hysterical laugh slips through, Steve in complete disbelief at this point. Maybe this entire thing is just some crazy dream. Nightmare, even. “You wanted. To ask me.” he repeats slowly.
The game continues to yo-yo like that both in action and which team takes the lead. One half of an inning will go smoothly and quickly, while the second gets dragged out with contested calls, injuries, substitutions, and multiple runs in a single play. At the end of the third, the Avengers are up by two. By the fourth, the Irons have pulled ahead by three. The following inning has no scored runs, but instead produces multiple players from both sides removed from play either due to injury or being ejected by the umpires. After a contested play on second where Tony had assisted Rhodey in tagging out a player who had taken too big of a lead-off trying to get to third, the baserunner had decided he wasn’t too happy and tried to pick a fight with Rhodes instead of walking off the diamond. Refs immediately ran in to break it up, ejecting the Irons player from the game. Another risky move sends the Irons’ shortstop away after reviewing the play shows a purposeful collision that had put Clint out of commission. The Avengers lose two more for strained injuries, and then Pietro goes and gets himself ejected for accusing the refs of favoritism when he clearly got to home base before the ball but it’s called out. Another injury for the Irons’ side, and suddenly they’re all down by a few players.
As soon as the door swings shut again, Steve glares down at Tony. “You are such an assho
. The oddly melancholy smile takes Steve by surprise. “It’s never been my team, Steve. Not really.”
Tony smiles balefully. “I prefer to be direct.”
schtick, but many people in the majors don’t. I think what he wanted was to prove he could hack it on any team in the Triple-A League, no matter who owned it, and let’s face it, I think it was a good call.” Natasha looks as if she’s swallowing vinegar as she admits this opinion past her lips. “You can’t drop a kid that talented down anywhere lower than the league he’s at right now, it’d be goddamn ridiculous.”
is just icing on the cake. It doesn’t bother the two of them, but Steve does wonder what their closest friends will think if they ever find out. Would people on the outside think Steve is taking advantage of Tony? That he’s some sort of predator who can’t get anyone his own age to love him so he has to manipulate someone just starting to get their life together? Of course, he knows that’s not the case and that he and Tony are a very special circumstance, but those are definitely thoughts that have crossed his mind.
Steve is god awful at bowling, so he spends most of his time in the arcade. Thor has apparently never been to an arcade either, so Steve has a good time showing him the ropes. There’s a claw machine that Bruce is somehow brilliant at, having the patience and skill to somehow outsmart the rigged machine and pass around stuffed animals to everyone. Between bowling matches there’s a very intense air hockey game between Lang and Quill that takes place that everyone starts placing bets and getting in on, Scott eventually reigning victorious and sending Peter off to bury his woes in beer.
"Why are you watching that crap?" Bucky asks with a slight smile. "Thought that kind of talk takes you out of your zone."
"If he blew it last year, you shouldn't be worried about him getting called up again."
The image is a little blurry because of Tony’s unsteady hands while holding the camera, but he’s right, it’s a pretty okay shot of him. Steve doesn’t love getting his picture taken, but there’s something soft and genuine in his expression as he looks directly into the lens— or rather, at the person behind it.
They’ve got two more games in the following week in the Southern California area, then take a bus to Arizona for a game, and lastly fly to Texas for one more exhibition match before returning home for real league play to begin come April. After an entire pre-season of not getting any in-game action, Natasha finally allows Steve to grace the starting line-up again for their last few games. He naturally falls back into the rhythm of playing, still starting off easy, only playing a few innings here and there.
He rocks back on his heels slightly, adjusting his duffel over one shoulder. “A good trip?”
Bucky whistles. "With moves like that you better switch sports buddy. Magic Johnson’s gonna be old news with
“What?”
Steve tries not to blush at that. He knows the age difference isn’t exactly something to ignore, and he doesn’t just mean the old man jokes Tony is constantly making about him. As if their relationship isn’t controversial enough, the fact that they come from completely different
"No. No more buts, Steve." Peggy shifts forward in her seat, placing her elbows on her desk. "I have been nothing but transparent with you since the end of your first season. I understand you want your questions answered because you're upset about Bucky's injury and don't know how else to act other than lash out at me, but I know you're better than that." Peggy takes a deep breath, pinching the bridge of her nose. "Bucky was prone to injury, and Chester and I both knew that going in. It didn't help that Barnes refused to follow Dr. Erskine's advice time and time again. Chester wasn't willing to sign him on for more seasons than he could play for. There was no point. We decided to keep him on this season with a probationary contract, accounting for the fact that it might be his last with us."
He makes sure his silver tie is as straight as humanly possible before exiting to avoid being raked over the coals by Morita. Steve is happy to see them all again, his old baseball buddies all lounging around the room, shooting the shit and teasing each other like the good old days. The Howling Commandos have gotten old too, just another reminder that Steve hasn’t always been the best at keeping in touch with all of them over the years.
“Just go,” Bucky laughs. “I’m not going anywhere.”
A hand suddenly catches the back of Tony’s head, spinning him around. He finds himself pressed forehead-to-forehead with Steve, both of their hats knocked free or thrown somewhere in all of the celebration. Tony gapes slightly at the closeness, the rest of the world suddenly falling away with Steve pressed this close, his hand holding Tony firmly by the base of his skull. Steve’s eyes are squeezed tightly shut, hiding away what Tony wants to see most in that moment.
’ instead?”
Tony's expression is unreadable. "So you don't care? It doesn't make you... uncomfortable?" Tony's dark eyes trail down Steve's naked chest predatorily, sending a shiver down the older man's spine.
“Rain check? Tomorrow at the LaGuardia airport bathroom?” Tony gets to his feet and tries to will away his hard-on.
. Tony’s parents. It can’t be true. But it is.
"Steve!" Howard bursts with excitement, striding across the room. "It's been way too long, how are you, lad?"
just yet, but Steve has less reservations about it than before. As reckless and apathetic as Tony can act in certain situations, he’s completely the opposite when it comes to their sex life. He always makes sure Steve is taken care of and comfortable, while also not sacrificing the sensuality of the moment. He has no doubts that Tony’s
Steve rushes out of the stadium to try and spot Tony’s car in the lot, but there’s no recognizable luxury vehicles in sight. Posture sagging in defeat, Steve trudges down towards his old beater at the end of the row, surprised when a familiar pair of bright red high tops catches his eye as he approaches. Picking up the pace, Steve can see the rest of the body attached, Tony casually sitting on the hood of his old Ford Pinto.
The TV cuts to static for a moment before showing a different reporter talking with Tony outside the Irons’ home stadium in Malibu. Tony's hair is still matted with sweat, his jersey slung over one shoulder. He looks almost bored as the reporter speaks.
Seeing Tony jump a good five feet straight up into the air is priceless, staring at all their teammates and friends with wide-eyes as little pieces of shiny, multi-colored paper settle in his hair and on his clothes, balloons on strings floating up to the ceiling once released. He turns his shocked look onto Steve, blinking at him. “You knew it was my birthday?”
The funeral is small and private, but of course the media ignores those boundaries and manages to snap a few pictures outside the graveyard. Steve snatches a magazine up off the newsstand outside his apartment when he catches a glimpse of Tony on the cover. He’s wearing a completely black suit and is being ushered into the back of a car outside of a cemetery, sunglasses shrouding his eyes. Steve recognizes the church in the background as one in New York, but a quick glance through the poorly written article informs him that he just came back to the city to bury his parents, and was immediately taken back to the airport to return to California.
The question is shocking, to say the least. For as long as Steve has known Tony, the man has sworn off marriage as a ridiculous and archaic construct that was nothing more than a piece of paper. That outlook wasn’t exclusive to his status as a bachelor, his opinion unwavering even as he entered a long-term relationship with Steve and casually affirmed he’d like to grow old with him and no one else.
Natasha blows her whistle to get everyone to quiet down. “Start your warm ups for now, we can’t wait around all day. Rogers, you lead stretches.”
"You're invited over for dinner."
“Breaking the alcohol ban?” Tony asks in surprise, gratefully accepting the bottle from her.
“Do you think Nat will let me play in the next game?” Tony asks, Steve thinking that he almost sounds childishly hopeful about it.
Steve fumbles her dinnerware again, surprised he hasn’t broken anything yet. “What’s that supposed to mean?” He asks defensively.
the theatrical one!”
The TV is muted again as the feed cuts to a different reporter on the field, the players warming up in the background. Steve hands his little red-headed godson back to Natasha as the group slowly migrates outside to take their seats as the game draws near. Everyone cheers and waves to Peter when he finally makes it onto the field, his face lighting up immediately. Their box has one of the best views (as to be expected when it belonged to the home team’s star pitcher), and Peter easily spots them and waves back in excitement before the coach barks for him to get a few practice pitches in.
“What’s everyone standing around for?” Tony calls out with a shit-eating grin.
“Always,” Bucky grins at him and gives a nod.
“Shit—” Tony sits up, wincing when he grips himself a little too tightly at the base. His phone falls away from his ear, hand shooting out of his pants to grab at some tissues in his nightstand and clean himself up. He does his best to tuck his erection away. “I’ll be down in a second!” He yells through his thankfully locked door. He didn’t even hear him come in, and that fucker is
"I had it first," Tony replies with a shrug, jogging back to his position.
, we both know I
He’s incredibly proud of Tony for his recovery. At any events like this where most of their friends are drinking and it’s practically
“Just so it will dry. You don’t want to shake it too hard though because it could distort it,” Steve explains.
context. He feels absolutely debauched, leaning back on his arms on a silk sheet covered bed with his shirt hanging off his back and pants pooled around one ankle. He feels his face flush with heat as he looks down at the man between his legs, eyes blown wide with desire.
Tony steps forward with his fellow two teammates chosen to have their photos taken for the papers. Pepper stresses to the reporters that they don't have time for questions, urging the rest of the players to cut through the stadium and get on the bus to Sacramento.
“You’re an
Tony is standing in front of the cameras but is facing away from them, gesturing to someone off screen. “Yeah, yeah, get on in here— What? Yeah, it’s fine— I want you in here with me, come on, kid.” A fond murmuring immediately arises from their group as they see a familiar face appear on screen. Scrappy little teenager Peter Parker is no longer a teenager, but still pretty scrappy looking even at twenty-seven. He’s smiling nervously, glancing between the reporters and the cameras and Tony, letting the man wrap an arm around his shoulders and pull him into the shot.
Steve is surprised by this. He had been under the presumption that Howard had to have been aware of Tony’s decision to change teams. “Why the Avengers?” Steve ponders, not sure if he’s just wondering aloud at this point, or he expects the lush to answer him.
A few of the players are still grabbing taxis, Steve squinting up at a street sign to try and figure out which stop they had gotten dropped off at. They weren’t far from his apartment, and despite the late hour, all the honking horns and shouting on the street were beginning to wake him back up. He looks over to see if any of the other guys want to pool in on one car, trying to remember which of his teammates live the closest to him. As he ponders this, he notices Tony’s retreating form walking down the street. Steve isn’t sure what compels him to follow, but before he knows it, he’s catching up to the pitcher at a quick jog.
“I wasn’t the one getting
“He was,” Obadiah answered simply, drawing himself up to his full, proud height. “He had to pull out last minute for a family emergency, so the board elected me to step in and fill his place.”
“Are you?”
Tony smiles softly at him. “And you planned all this?”
She snorts out a surprised laugh, the last of her burned-down cigarette falling from her lips. “You’re such a dick.”
Steve isn’t sure what to say to that. He isn’t exactly a fan of getting mixed up in the Stark family drama, but it seems like all three of them don’t know how to communicate with one another. Tony sighs loudly, slapping his hands down on the arms of the chair. The ball bounces and rolls off into a far corner as he gets to his feet. "Well, I'm not driving back to the hotel tonight, but I'm sure you can grab Gustav and have him drive you back. Or you can stay here, I don't really give a shit."
Steve heard him padding towards the kitchen and he turned to look, his gaze going to the scar on Tony’s chest peeping out from the ridiculously big T-shirt. The coffee mug he’d been holding thudded back to the counter ominously, Steve’s eyes narrowing the longer he stared at it.
‘I’m working,’ Tony told her, rolling away from her on his stool and escaping, leaping to his feet as she chased after him. ‘JARVIS, fire up the plans for the arc reactor project, would you?’ Tony asked, pointing at DUM-E with a stern frown, encouraging him back into his corner.
Six lifetimes Steve had loved his soul mate, the other half of his soul, and it was only now at Tony’s seventh reincarnation that he had met him as a child.
He hadn’t lied to Tony back then. He wasn’t the same as the other reincarnations that had come before him. They all held the same spark of life, the same tether to his soul the others had, but they were all unique in their own way. Steve had cared for…loved them all in his own way, but it was only Tony who rivaled the romantic feelings Steve had held for the one who had come first, his first love, his original soulmate.
Whatever Steve had been expecting to see behind his door at one in the morning, it wasn’t Tony, shivering from the cold and wet. He’d been wandering outside the front of Steve’s building for over an hour in the rain, ignoring alarms from JARVIS about how this would affect his health, how he was going to call Happy and then Rhodey. It was his threat to call Pepper that finally gave him the courage to go up and knock on Steve’s door.
‘I saw you once, as a kid you came to a gallery where they were displaying my…’ Steve trailed off, gaze going upstairs.
Till the end of the line.
‘Tony,’ Steve warned this time, his arms shaking from where he held himself up.
‘Where would you like to go next, Tony?’
‘Did you come to see me?’ Steve asked as he came to stand in front of him.
Tony quickly dropped the towel on his shoulder, tugging Steve’s T-shirt up to cover it.
‘What if you…Tony, you’re soaking wet, come inside, come on,’ Steve coaxed.
‘No, I don’t know that and yes, I’m turning down a night of just sex.’ Steve closed his eyes as if he were in pain as he said that, getting up again. ‘I’m giving you the choice,’ Steve said cryptically.
‘My soulmate.’
‘Tony, man, you’re seeing this all wrong. We still have choices, we don’t have to be romantically bound to our soulmates, hell, you can walk away if you want. This, fleshy prison of your meaty body, that’s all it is, the you inside there, that’s Tony Stark. I don’t care who you were before, who you’ll be after this, you only live once. How do we know that we all aren’t reborn over and over, what makes you so goddamn special?’
‘Fucking hell, Tony,’ Steve groaned, sucking the tip of Tony’s cock into his mouth, flicking his tongue over the slit, lapping up the precome as his thumb continued to tease.
Instead, he reached up to pat Steve’s hand, taking a deep breath and meeting his gaze head on.
Pepper closed her eyes for moment, no doubt recalling all the stories he had told her in bits and pieces, Rhodey filling the gaps for her.
Steve met him in the kiss, hands cradling the back of his head, deepening it. None of the slow tentative stuff from before, Steve’s tongue slipped into his mouth with ease as he tipped Tony back towards the couch, boxing him in with his elbows and knees. Tony wriggled beneath him, wanting to feel Steve’s weight on top of him, wanting to be smothered by him.
‘Which has gotten me pretty far in life, thanks,’ Tony scoffed, folding his arms.
‘Even the super duper files, sir. There is no mention of the serum or super soldiers.’
‘Did it hurt? Watching all of the other…versions of myself leaving you?’
‘I’ve always hid behind…well, me,’ Tony said, wrapping his arms around himself, ‘or what people thought of me, the Tony Stark persona. I’ve been hurt, watched my father destroy my mother because of their soulmate bond, betrayed by someone I thought…’ Tony’s throat seized.
‘JARVIS,’ Tony answered, vaguely pointed at the direction of the ceiling with the bottle of wine. ‘Red okay?’
‘I don’t know anything about art!’ Tony pleaded, looking around in abashed horror at everything around him.
Tony could feel his hackles starting to rise.
, Steve begged, squeezing his eyes closed. ‘End my suffering, our suffering, let our souls follow each other after death and let us have a happy ending.’
‘JARVIS? Where am I going?’ he asked, holding up the post-it to his watch.
‘Yeah, something about a curse, or a punishment or something, it’s a fairy tale,’ Tony said dismissively, before realizing he was insulting the painter, and that Steve was said painter. ‘This is your piece, isn’t it? Your inspiration I’m being dismissive of…’
Tony looped his arms around Steve’s neck, arching his back as Steve gently bit down on his lower lip, the moan climbing up his throat surprising them both.
The sweatpants Steve had given him were huge, and he had to tug really hard on the drawstrings and roll up the legs before he could move in them, even then he needed to hold them up with a hand at the waist. The T-shirt drowned him, falling low on his chest and slipping over a shoulder as he walked, trying to towel dry his hair with one hand.
‘Which you’ve taken it upon yourself to decorate with polka dots I see. Honestly Tones, why do you do this to me?’
‘JARVIS, make sure we aren’t interrupted, would you?’
‘Is it just me?’ Tony asked when they broke apart.
‘Decades…there probably isn’t records for…wait, how many decades?’
‘Have you heard of the Eternals?’ Tony cut straight to it, leaning back in the chair, leaving his wrist within Rhodey’s grip while placing his free hand on his stomach.
‘What for?’ Steve asked, tilting his head, blonde hair falling into his eyes.
Sensual lips parted in a smile, revealing perfectly white teeth. He was amused by Tony’s chattering, the skin at the corner of those gorgeous blue eyes crinkling as he looked down.
, Tony.’ The words ripped out of Steve, like he couldn’t hold them back anymore. ‘I don’t want to lie, my soul, my heart feels at ease when I’m near you, just like yours is when you’re with me, that’s the nature of our bond, but I want to know you.’
‘I was scared there wouldn’t be someone out there for me, that I was broken in some way-’
‘I’m not interested in women,’ Steve said without missing a beat.
‘Steve Rogers,’ the magnificent man answered, taking his hand to shake, his grip firm, careful with his strength.
‘I’ve never dated anyone…this isn’t me, I don’t chase after people, I don’t…I don’t feel like-’
‘Me and my unit, we agreed to be the test subjects, to allow the super soldier serum to be injected into our blood streams. I don’t think they thought it would make us immortal, just stronger, a suicide squad to go out in a blaze of glory for the greater good.’
‘Get yourself dry, okay? Here, take these and get changed, bathroom is through there,’ Steve pointed down the corridor leading off the cloakroom, towards a door that Tony hadn’t noticed before. Stubbornly, Tony refused, waiting for Steve to leave before he stripped down to his boxers, leaving his clothes in a sodden heap beside the front door, taking twisted satisfaction in the way they puddled water all over the floor.
Tony was thrown back to when he was a child, watching his mother cry as her soulmate destroyed the meaning of the word, sleeping with other women, ignoring her, disrespecting her. No. Tony would find his own love without it all being ordained in the stars or some other bullshit. The constant tug and pull inside his chest to find his other half had been ignored for thirty years so far, he could ignore it for thirty more.
‘Oh no, I couldn’t let you do that,’ she surged to her feet, knocking over the pens on her desk, sending them skittering to the floor.
‘There was a cult, a group of women calling themselves The Society of the Woman in the Wilderness, who believed that the end of the world was coming. They thought they had found the philosopher’s stone and were trying to make a potion from it to save the world, to make people immortal.’
‘Are you implying we’ll do this again?’ Tony asked, bewildered as he slumped back against the cushions, unsure if he was hurt or amused by the whole situation. Did he even want to see Steve again?
What was bothering him was the lack of information about Steve Rogers from when he was younger. His birth certificate checked out, born on Independence Day, zodiac sign Cancer, blood type O, but it was as if nothing existed from a few years ago, no indication of college, schools.
‘What?’ Tony asked.
‘Steve…when was this?’
‘I haven’t been called that in a while,’ Tony said with a bitter laugh, reaching out for his wine glass.
He felt wrong footed, suddenly unsure of the situation. Downplaying the anxiety, Tony filled up two glasses, offering one to Steve, shivering when the man deliberately let the pads of his fingers stroke across his knuckles.
‘Stark Industries is one of the largest tech conglomerates in the world. We create technology for all sorts of things, weapons for…’ Tony trailed off, the words shriveling up on his tongue.
‘Don’t you dare, Tony Stark. Don’t you dare say that about yourself. I know exactly who you are, even when you hide yourself behind your armor of work,
‘Tony, if you want privacy then why not meet at your lab?’ Rhodey whispered down at him, interrupting the guilt that was gnawing away.
‘I want to get to know
‘What if I never measure up to the original me?’ Tony asked, planting his feet as Steve tried to usher him in. He could feel the water inside his shoes, toes squelching inside the leather as he tensed them, holding his ground, needing to know the answer before anything else.
Tony surged forward, catching Steve off guard with the flick of his tongue. His name was murmured against his lips, a benediction as a hand rested on the sharp rise of one of his hip bones, and then his tongue was slipping into Tony’s mouth, tangling with his own and sending electric shivers across his skin.
Steve Rogers.
‘What if I’m unlovable? What if this is it, Pep? I don’t have a soulmate because I’m broken.’
‘Honestly, it’s fine. My assistant is always on my case about getting more exercise and eating better. You’ll be doing me a favor.’ Tony bent down to help her pick up her pens.
Steve stretched up on the grey couch, offering his hand out to Tony, giving him the choice.
‘Why…. what do you want from me, Tony?’ Steve cut through all the rambling, wanting the truth.
‘No, showing empathy for other beings despite being burnt over and over.
‘I thought soulmates were supposed to already love their counterparts,’ Tony challenged, laughing to diffuse the tension as Steve reached down to kiss him again.
‘Okay, Tony,’ Steve whispered back, stroking through his hair.
Tony wasn’t sure what he was doing here, what he wanted out of this meeting, but he hadn’t been able to settle since meeting Rhodey, his and Pepper’s words chasing his steps as he walked the streets of New York. The outcomes and possibilities of speaking to Steve filling his head, the what ifs plastering the inside of his brain, making it was impossible to think of anything else.
s by keeping busy, a juvenile belief that if he didn’t acknowledge the issue then it would go away.
Trawler can be found at
‘Jarvis tried to introduce me to culture years ago, my own mother tried. I don’t know anything about it. I’m better at chatting up business partners, Pepper,’ Tony tried again, leaning against the bar and rubbing a hand over his chest.
He may not look it, dressed in an expensive suit, living high in a tower, but he did care about the plight of his fellow man. His charity events weren’t just for show and recognition, his mother had set up a charity foundation to try and find some comfort in her life, and Tony had cared for it after her death. Shaking the thoughts away, he searched for Steve, thinking about how he was almost too good to be true, the perfect boyfriend to bring home to meet the parents. Courteous and polite, served in the military, was a successful artist, volunteered at the shelter. Definitely boyfriend material.
Taking it, he allowed Steve to walk him through the apartment and over to the staircase, twisted wrought iron bars forming rails. He followed Steve up the stairs, turning his head away from the perfect view of his ass to look over the floor of the apartment one more time before Steve stopped, gesturing around.
‘It’s fine,’ Tony cut him off. He wouldn’t be the first person who misunderstood, who thought Tony never cared about anything, just throwing his money at problems, too arrogant to roll his sleeves up and help others.
‘Steve…please…’ Tony begged not sure what he was asking for, crying when Steve stopped and moved away.
‘My soulmate, their body doesn’t have the same serum in their bloodstream, which means they die, as all natural things do…but their soul is still tethered to this world, to my soul. They’re reincarnated into another body, nature’s way of restoring balance I suppose, but they never remember anything.’
secret wouldn’t have been made a copy of, it would’ve been-’
‘Was that story meant to entice me? Because newsflash, it totally worked,’ Tony flirted.
‘No, he’s not!’ Tony threw the pen against the wall, panting as he stared down at it. ‘I’m not, I’m not the soulmate, I’m just a collection of past selves, it’s the original one he loved, I’m just a copycat, a pale imitation-’
‘Hey, hey, honey, slow down it’s okay. Look, how about we do this, where did you say he was… at the homeless shelter? Just give me directions and I’ll go find him myself.’
Tony could feel his eyes widen as he took a step back to fully appreciate the man beside him. He was huge, in both senses of the word, towering over Tony. Not that it was hard, he knew he was vertically impaired, but huge in the muscle mass sense, broad shoulders filling out the navy blue jacket he wore, his powder blue shirt buttons straining under all those rippling muscles.
‘I can feel your pulse, it’s thundering like a rabbit’s,’ Steve told him, his touch sliding down his throat and over his chest, resting over his scar, the mark of how close Tony had come to losing his life.
‘Because sometimes it’s better to hide in plain sight, and the Government won’t suspect JARVIS hacking into their databases while I’m with you.’
Tony remembered.
‘I don’t want to rush things, Tony.’ Steve smiled to take the sting out of the rejection.
‘What if I get it wrong? What if we’re wrong for each other?’
‘Sure, I’ll have whatever your having,’ Steve shot back, running his fingers over the spines of Tony’s books, reading every title.
‘Apologizing for things?’
‘No! It’s not fine, I’m judging you based on….’ Steve broke off, frustrated with himself. ‘I’m sorry, I misunderstood, and I stuck my foot in it. Please, Tony, come with me, let me explain.’ He reached his hand out to Tony, who looked down at it, distrustful.
Tony hesitated, looking at the hand, the edge of the paining he could see upstairs, and then back at the hand.
me, you’ve been hiding down here for days now!’
‘Alright, get him to track your movements, check in every five minutes or something, just so people know you’re okay.’
‘Jesus,’ Steve reached out like he wanted to touch Tony, like he wanted to reassure himself that he was okay.
‘Yup, Tony Stark in the flesh,’ he smiled, leaning against her desk with a hand. The gallery wasn’t any different to any he’d been in before, gleaming hardwood floors, brilliant white walls that served as the perfect contrast to the colorful pieces of art. He spied a few patrons moving around with leaflets in hand, a few nudging elbows with each other and staring at him.
He wondered if Tony felt the inexplicable urge Steve carried with him, the sense of missing a part of himself, the itch of feeling something was not quite right.
‘I didn’t say you weren’t eccentric, but you’ve been hurt, betrayed by someone you cared about, ignored by your father and thrust into a role you didn’t want. Tony, you never wanted Stark Industries, you always wanted to invent. I knew that about you after thirty minutes of meeting you back at college.’
‘Look inside the box, Tony,’ Steve waved him off.
If anyone could break this curse, or whatever this was coursing through his veins, then it would be Tony.
The sound of the rain outside was drowned out by the thundering of his heart in his ears, their panting breaths and ardent moans filling the loft space as the air around them became humid from Tony’s damp skin and Steve’s sweat slick body.
‘I know…that this wasn’t what you were expecting when you thought about meeting your soulmate,’ Steve’s voice interrupted his thoughts, seeing where he was looking. Tony managed to tear his gaze away as he heard the quiet thunk of two mugs on the coffee table. He refused to look at Steve watching him, crossing his arms over his chest and listening to the sound of rain lashing the window.
‘I don’t want to walk away. I don’t like giving up what is mine, and you Steve Rogers, are very much meant to be mine,’ Tony said venomously, surging forward to kiss him.
‘Jesus, Tony,’ Steve swore as he looked at Tony spread out before him.
‘You don’t want that? Fucking me so hard I can’t remember anything but your name?’
‘Already done sir, there has been no tampering, or photo manipulation, these are all original copies.’
The constant back and forth between fearing for his life and feeling awful he’d mistrusted Steve exhausted him.
Turning away from the door, Tony watched Steve move around his penthouse. It was strange, when Tony brought people here, they immediately went to the window to look at the view, or they were drawn to anything that displayed Tony’s wealth, the gadgets, the technology, but Steve had bypassed all of that, looking instead at the bookshelves, the small pieces of his life that meant nothing to anyone but Tony. A few screws from his first bot, pictures of him and Rhodey at MIT, a shiny rock he had found as a kid and was convinced brought him good luck.
‘Fuck me, you’re huge,’ Tony told him, giving a squeeze, waking up a little at the feeling of power, the control he had over Steve. His soulmate dropped his forehead into the crook of Tony’s neck and shoulder, his muscles beginning to shudder. ‘I can’t wait to ride you, feel this inside me, spreading me open,’ Tony whispered, speeding up his hand, rubbing his thumb over Steve’s slit, teasing him.
‘But, they still come back to their soulmate right?’ Tony asked, getting wrapped up in the story, forgetting about mingling with the other guests.
‘So, you’re showing me a really old painting that looks like me?’ Tony asked, confused. He had an eerie sense about this, a tingling that tore its way up his spine, leaving a lingering coldness, a sense of déjà vu.
‘I need to go,’ Steve whispered, pressing another kiss to Tony’s lips and then his forehead before he drew away, carefully depositing Tony on the couch.
‘Oh my God,’ Pepper murmured, sliding her hands up his arms to grasp his elbows. ‘You like him, don’t you? That guy from the other night?’
‘Don’t you
But if he couldn’t? Then Steve would still be here, for as long as it took.
‘I can’t stop thinking about you. I trust my gut with things, it’s how I’ve survived in business, avoided some undesirable people-’
He floated between the two states of being, wakefulness and slumber, his limbs heavy and sated, his mind syrupy. Squeezing his eyes shut against the sweat stinging them, he tried to pry his eyelids open, the blurry images of Steve hovering over him coming into focus. His hand was gliding up and down his own cock as he looked down at Tony, and in the depths of the fog in his mind, Tony had the stray thought that he should be reciprocating. He liked giving head after all, could think of nothing else but having Steve on his tongue, but all he could do was watch lazily while Steve worked his cock, his cheeks tarnished with lust, eyelids heavy as he gazed down at Tony stretched before him.
Peter laughs bashfully, scratching at his messy brown hair in a mannerism that reminds Steve so much of Tony. It’s funny that Tony is only five years Peter’s senior, but they really had developed this natural master and apprentice dynamic. “Honestly, I wasn’t until people started bringing it up to me so much. I was a little apprehensive, but once I finished at MIT I knew there was something about baseball I was missing. I was grateful that the Avengers took me back, because I honestly couldn’t imagine playing for anyone else.”
Tony looks up at him over the rim of his glasses, a thoughtful expression on his face. “Pythagorean Expectation,” he repeats. “It’s a sports analytics formula I would use sometimes after I played for the Avengers for a couple of seasons to compare us to other teams we played against. You can estimate the expected percentage of games a team ‘should’ have won based on how many runs were scored and allowed.”
to take that title.”
“You and I both know that’s a stupid question, Tony,” Steve sighs. “But I really do think you should think about it. I mean, you’ve been doing amazing with the Avengers, but I’d have to agree with everyone saying it might be your time to move on. Besides, so many ball players work for the entire
“Fair point. What’s your name, kid?”
The thing is, it wasn't unusual to find a flower shop bogged down with orders around Valentine's day. The person who'd done this was arrogant enough to wait until the day before and wealthy enough to ensure their orders got through. But considering the date it encompassed, these mystery bouquets weren't very appreciated.
"Ooooo, someone's touchy!" Natasha snickered. "If you would just tell him-!"
“I’d rather not.” He informed her acidly.
Steve stopped when Tony did, and the shorter man gaped at the box that had been shuffled into his hands.
"I can only imagine." Steve snorted, keeping up easily. "But, uh since flowers, chocolates, and all that stuff is probably way out of bounds for now, what do you say we just go out for dinner?"
“What?”
Poor kid.
“That’s great, Steve, it’s two in the morning. Go the fuck to sleep.”
"Yeah," Steve grumbled. "And the surprise is gone."
“You made it!” Tony crowed. “This is my favorite spot, y’know. They have the best burritos. Chipotle-sized but a million times better. You want to order something and then we can get started?”
The wall behind Fury's head parted to reveal a screen full of pictures. Several boxes of chocolates, hundreds of teddy bears, and about as many flowers that Tony could stand were shown in various places.
“I mean, we both have roommates, so whoever’s place we go back to, someone’ll be there. Did you not want them to be?”
“I have succeeded!” Tony crowed for damn near the entire building to hear. “And clearly so have you. Lemme at that test of yours, I need to see every-. Fuck yeah, it’s a High C, too! You passed, Steve! This is the second major test of the class and you passed enough to make up for the first one! That, plus all the homework you turned in. You should come out relatively unscathed. And if you play your cards right, with a B.”
"Which is why this unmasking this villain is so crucial. The only reason this isn't considered a form of biological warfare is because no one's died from it yet."
"Why a rival?" Pepper wondered.
“You got a C? On that last test? Steve, that’s brilliant!”
They stopped the day after Tony visited the shop and everyone let out a breath they didn't know they were holding.
“Yep.” Steve yawned. He never understood how Sam Wilson could be such a morning person on maybe six hours of sleep.
"I was going to ask you later. I wanted to do this properly."
“But you want to find him.” Sheila confirmed. “That’s why you’re here, isn’t it? I don’t know how much help the shop can be.”
“I thought I was choosing the next three dates.” Rhodes objected. “That was the deal we made for the bet.”
“Good luck, painter-boy. These engineers will eat you alive.”
“Tony Stark is the kid who keeps interrupting the professor to half-way teach the class. The one whose likeness is plastered all over your notebook. You’re in luck, kid.”
He lets Tony spin him around and walk him backwards to the bed, crawling into his lap yet again as he sits down on the foot of the massive bed. Experimentally, Steve slides his hands lower, holding Tony’s hips as he grinds them forward. He finally feels more than just a hint of hardness beneath Tony’s pants as the man straddles his lap again, wondering what the hell he’s supposed to do with… that.
His body shakes with sobs, Steve kneeling down to better support him. He can hear Tony’s heaving gasps as he gets an arm around his waist, lifting him up and helping him off the field. Tony’s limply fighting him, legs dragging uselessly along as Steve has to switch their positions to instead get his arms underneath Tony’s, hoisting him up by his armpits as he hauls him out of the rain.
"What the
He jogs the last few feet over to him, grabbing him by the shoulders. “What are you doing out here? You’re going to catch pneumonia! Come on,” he scolds, tugging on Tony to follow him.
be better, I don’t think it’ll happen anytime soon.”
Steve rolls his eyes. “My mom would bean me with my own bat before I got the chance.”
“I’m good, Coach,” Bucky answers without any hesitation, much to Steve’s dismay. Steve waits until Hodge walks away before he grips the sleeve of Bucky’s jersey.
"Um, sorry," Steve grabs the attention of the butler. "Could you tell me where Mrs. Stark is?"
“Oh my gosh, Tony, you’re like, my hero!”
She finally turns to look at him, a sad smile on her face. Her nose is red and she’s clearly been crying, but her voice doesn’t show. "Ah, Steve. How was the tour?"
Steve smiles bashfully, fiddling with his already laced shoes. “I just didn’t want him to think it was too childish.” He knows the kinds of parties Tony is used to throwing and attending: big fancy galas and dinner parties. He had his doubts that Tony would like this at all, but he’s already grinning like a madman as he looks over all the bowling balls, weighing them in his hands and practicing his wind up.
"No." Tony says immediately before dropping his underwear and striding right past Steve into the showers.
“Yeah, it’s on the back of your jersey,” Steve replies flatly.
Steve was expecting ridicule or at least for Tony to poke a little fun. The younger of the two does neither. "Is Mom still around?" He asks softly.
Tony seems lost in contemplation as he pushes around the scrambled eggs on his plate. “I mean, that’s kind of a redundant question, don’t you think?” Tony asks, a wry smile gracing his face without any light in it touching his eyes. “I don’t really think I ever wanted to play baseball professionally. I didn’t even play as a kid.” Steve does realize what a silly question it is, even if it’s just an attempt to try and get Tony to open up. He remembers his conversation with Howard years ago about how Tony had no interest at all in picking up a glove and a bat.
Steve quickly gets to his feet, realizing they are indeed the last two left on the bus, probably for some time now. He apologizes to the driver on their way off, just earning a slow nod and a “have a good evening”.
"We did once. I turned down my spot on the Eagles to play in New Hampshire with Buck," Steve nods. "We always promised each other we'd be on the same team."
It’s a UCL rupture, third degree. The ligament in his elbow has completely snapped, and the doctors aren’t optimistic in reconstructive surgical repair. It’ll be a few more days of tests before they even know if it’s possible.
She levels her sageful eye on him. “And don’t you think you proved that point? We won the Championship last year, Tony. We beat your old team. So mission accomplished, right?”
. In his eyes, everything is a work in progress; There will always be more room to build, grow, and improve.
Steve is slotted fourth, the coveted cleanup spot. Bucky is further down the batting lineup, but Steve suspected that was because Hodge has been trying to be careful about his elbow. The pressure is on as Steve watches the three players before him step up to bat. One by one, they each manage a single, and once it's Steve’s turn to step up, he looks out to see loaded bases and a crowd on the edge of their seats.
enough.
Tony points out Edward Hopper’s house, an unassuming little cottage nestled in the brush, nothing more than an obscured historical landmark that the occasional tourist parks on the side of the winding road for, scaling the hills to see for themselves and possibly grab a snapshot of. He echoes his mother’s knowledge of the famous painter who built the home himself and came out to the cape year after year, spending forty of his eighty-four Summers out in Truro to paint the sun-hazed rolling landscapes. Tony wishes he could be as descriptive and well-knowledged as her as he recounts the picturesque depiction of the bluffs, the sand dunes, the cliff faces and lighthouses, many of which once hung in the Stark mansion but now find homes in museums around the world. Maria always preferred having Hopper’s paintings in Malibu rather than their actual Truro beachfront, as a subtle reminder to return to the place where tedious life blurs into a natural reverie.
“Just come and sit down so we can discuss this.”
Steve thinks back to their conversation, all the burning questions he’s been wanting to ask Tony for the past few months finding their way to the front of his mind. Pepper had been able to confirm all his suspicions that Tony is more serious about this than he lets on, and there’s no one else in his field of interest as long as Steve is here in front of him.
Steve ignores them, holding his manager by the shoulders. "Please, it's important."
Too impatient to let his eyes adjust to the darkness, he blindly gropes at Tony’s front to attempt to undress him. He’s got a head start on Steve, suit jacket and tie already removed, Tony’s own hands quickly going to work on ridding Steve of his clothes as well. It’s scary how good he is at undressing Steve even when blind, but he supposes they both have plenty of practice.
Bucky's comment from earlier in the night echoes in Steve's mind. Steve checks the clock hanging on the wall; it reads 7:40. He still has time to get down to the public library and use the computers there to do a little research.
Tony laughs and pulls away. “Maybe next season. We’ll see how it goes.”
The celebration continues back at their hotel, a huge feast laid out for both teams and family and friends alike to take part in. There’s an open bar in the massive ballroom which Tony is more than pleased about, every person he comes across demanding he have a drink of this or take a shot of that. Even his tolerance is no match for a group of drunk, burly jocks basking in the glory of their hard-earned victory. As the drink continues to flow, the lines of rivalry between the teams are completely erased, players from both leagues sharing in the celebration of an incredible match.
It’s Steve’s voice that breaks through first. “—you hear us? Tony? Can you nod or speak again?”
The pitcher keeps his stance lax. "And that's non-negotiable?"
“My son is an expert at not letting people know how he actually feels.”
“Had… weirdest… dream,” he sighs, eyes beginning to drift shut again. The numbness starts to come back, washing over him and slowly erasing away his senses. “Think… back’sleep…”
"No, ma'am," Steve responds quickly, almost wincing at how much of a youth he sounds like.
“Yeah, but
"Or what, you'll break the door down? It'll come out of your paycheck, buddy," Tony says through grit teeth, his strength no match for Steve's.
“Not a huge feat,” Carol snorts, Tony thumping her behind the ear as he takes his seat behind her and Maria, plopping down next to Steve. Monica stays happily seated in his lap.
His fingers clench tightly around the ball once it’s back in his hand. He can almost hear Steve’s voice in the back of his head.
Embarrassment isn’t something Tony is sure he’s ever felt before, but if inflamed cheeks and a drop in the pit of his stomach was any indication, then he might be embarrassed right now. He can feel that he’s gaping a bit, mind unsure of how to process the fact that Steve was now seemingly taking pride in
"The kid needs an attitude adjustment," one anchor insists. His counterpart seems less perturbed by Tony's behavior.
to do this.”
handsome. My mug is my moneymaker, whereas Hammer’s rat face could use some rearranging. Honestly, he should
“Is this where you’re staying while you look for a place?” Steve asks in confusion, craning his neck back as far as it will go to try and spot the top of the massive building. He supposes Tony’s decision to come to New York may have been last minute, but it wasn’t like he couldn’t afford the competitive real estate market in Manhattan.
bite into his pillow, but he’s afraid if he doesn’t have something in his mouth than his neighbors are going to hear him screaming another man’s name.
Natasha notices Steve's lingering. "Strange is fine with filling in as pitcher if that's what you're worried about. Rochester’s batting line up is hardly a threat. We don't really need Tony as our ace pitcher this game."
“Okay. Why?”
Steve smiles. “You’ll be with me. In my heart or whatever.”
“I’m sorry,” Maria apologizes, but it’s not directed at Howard. “Where are our manners, Steve? We were talking about you after all.”
“Strike two!”
The reception is in full swing at this point, people either seated at the small round tables and chatting over food, or letting loose on the dance floor. He has to scan the room to finally spot the lovely couple as they’re doing their due diligence, going around and talking to family and friends to thank them for coming. Steve strides across the room and places a hand on his best friend’s back, smiling apologetically.
Despite that, he’s still nervous early the next morning as he kisses a still-sleeping Steve on the forehead goodbye before driving back up to Provincetown to meet her for their run. They didn’t agree on an exact meeting point, but Tony assumes she meant back at the docks. The town is quiet and desolate this early, Tony spotting her lone figure sitting on the same bench she had run into them at the day before.
is a blessing in disguise.
The words go straight to Steve’s groin and he reaches out to grab Tony, hands sliding down his flanks. His waist is accentuated with the vest still securely buttoned up over his torso, Steve able to see the subtle contour of his frame as his eyes further adjust. “You’re wearing too many clothes,” he notes, standing there in just his dress pants, socks, and shoes, and feeling much more naked than he should be.
The shower still smells like Tony’s citrus-y shampoo as Steve makes quick work of his morning routine, grabbing his tried-and-true body wash amongst all of Tony’s scrubs and cleansers. Afterwards he stands around in a towel and stares at his reflection in the large mirror, contemplating shaving his beard. He picks up the trimmer and sets it down before picking it up once again and cleaning up a few stray edges just to keep it looking neat. He even dips into a bit of the beard oil Tony not-so-subtly bought and left on his side of their double sink and combs it through the short hairs.
“Hear me out
Steve furrows his brow, his gaze immediately gravitating back to wherever his other half is. He’s surprised to see Tony and Bucky talking casually to each other, both of them watching Steve and Natasha. Steve shoots them a quick smile, Bucky raising his hand in a small wave and Tony flashing a wink. “How so?”
"Don't give me that crap, Peg!" Steve interrupts, biting down on his lip after his outburst. "Please— Just— I don't understand."
“Yeah, because of
He’s close to getting off like this, feeling the heat of Tony’s body against his with their hard members sliding against one another’s, but Tony did say he wanted to be
He doesn’t swing for the Forkball or Slurve, both meeting the catcher's mitt in the strike zone, both counting, as fair pitches, both strikes against Jacobs. Desperate to get a hit in, Tony knows he’ll swing no matter what gets thrown now. He misses the Splitter by a mile, bat whiffing through the air and effectively putting the last nail in the coffin for the seventh inning.
At this point Tony is independent of an IV drip, his fluids and blood levels all returning to normal. He’s still provided with plenty of medication to numb the pain and also help him sleep, Tony fairly sure he’s gotten more hours in this past week than he has the past month.
Tony looks at him through a narrowed but interested gaze. "You know cars?"
“Hm. Poker it is then,” Tony decides, not stopping to ask whether or not Steve knows how to play. Every thirty-something year old knows how to play Poker. They hop on an escalator to take them up to the second level of the casino. There are individual half-rooms pocketed around the outer ring of the floor with separating walls made out of oversized glass playing cards that glitter like diamonds in the light.
Howard smiles at him, placing his hand proudly on his wife's arm. "Maria here is an art dealer when she's not busy feeding the poor and building schools for underprivileged kids."
Sir. Tony almost laughs. “Of course not, no one is.” Steve coughs from the corner. “But I’ve watched your games. You’re a little ace, aren't you?”
"She's Russian!" Clint exclaims. "Issa unfair advantage!"
The younger man digs his feet into the softened grass, wriggling out of his grip. “I’ll be fine, Steve, it’ll let up in a couple of minutes.” He rolls his eyes and crouches down to pick up another ball, taking his stance once more. As he brings his arm back before the snap, Steve catches him by the wrist, giving it a painless twist to force him to drop the ball. “Hey!” Tony objects, face set stubbornly as Steve pulls him closer by his hand. It’s upon closer inspection that he can see faint rust-colored lines cascading from his fingertips down to his wrists. The rain has been steadily washing it away, but Steve can see the evidence on both of his hands that Tony’s fingertips are worn raw and bleeding.
Steve's nerves peak and he stares down at his button-up and khakis. "I can change—"
His sincerity strikes Steve to his core, feeling that familiar tug deep in his chest that he’s never felt about anyone before Tony, and hasn’t felt about anyone else after. He nods and walks out of the office, starting down the hallway without looking back. He hears Tony’s fading footsteps in the opposite direction. Steve doesn’t go back to the gym, but heads straight for Janet’s office. Maybe he didn’t need as much time to make up his mind as he thought.
“Speaking of worse things in life,” Tony sighs, turning to see people making space for Hammer as he stumbles into their circle. “Hey, Justin. That whole half inning of game time wear you out or what?”
place? I had to meet all your
Tony is grateful he’s out of Steve’s view so the man doesn’t witness him choking on his mouthful of poached eggs. He takes a gulp of the bittersweet coffee, not caring how much he burns his mouth as long as he can get everything down the right pipe. “Wh-What?”
“I didn’t say you don’t like it here,” Janet holds up her hands. “But I’ve talked it over with Fury and we’ve always been on the same page in regards to you playing for us since day one. You can do a lot better. You should be playing in the Majors and while that wasn’t an option on your mind before… We think it should be now.”
Tony’s bouncing slightly on his feet, shifting his weight back and forth as he edges further and further off of second base. Steve immediately recognizes the look on his face and stares down his teammate, almost willing him to look over at him.
Nancy’s greed almost costs them the game, throwing a wrench into Tony’s plans. He refrains from swinging at Hammer’s first wild pitch, but Nancy takes the opportunity to steal for third. The catcher fires the ball to the third baseman who makes contact with the base right before Nancy can slide in.
. The Irons clearly are not here to mess around, and they prove that when the Avengers are up to bat next. Tony watches anxiously from the sidelines, sitting between Steve and Scott in the dugout with one leg bouncing uncontrollably as he watches. He feels Steve’s hand cover his knee, holding it still. Steve isn’t looking at him, his eyes focused on the field the same as everyone else. Tony doesn’t make a comment, letting his legs relax. Steve’s hand stays put for the rest of the inning, fingers occasionally squeezing during a tense moment, but never moving away until Tony has to get up again to return to the pitch.
