He pursues his lips. Weed is not his drug of choice, but it certainly has a calming effect and never put him in trouble of addiction like cocaine had. 'John would be furious at me.' he answers with unease.
John just breaths deeply. And again. 'John?' Sherlock frowns at him.
The next day he convinces Sherlock to eat a tomato risotto with him, quite easily considering. He still has a toffee pudding after, and John joins him gleefully.
Sherlock shifts, but prefers to tuck his face in John's neck. John simply puts his arms all around the detective and doesn't comment on the humid feeling he's leaving on his skin. 'Do you have these often? Was it… about our conversation in the bathroom?' he asks tenderly.
His response is to recline almost horizontally against the chair, groaning at the ceiling. '
In the far wall of the room, set at the corner of the eye if he was sitting in the sofa, John created another cabinet. This one also in thick wood, but closer to a reddish tone, with copper door knobs. The design mixed classic and modern, with carved drawings representing abstract things he didn't know how to put in words. The exterior was carefully polished. The interior had some shelves and drawers, and a rack with empty hangers.
'Ahn.' he turns this over but can't make his mind about her intentions. 'Ok. Good.'
He doesn't know what a himbo is and something in his gut tells him she shouldn't ask. 'Oh Mrs. Hudson, I'm actually having memory trouble on my phone, I don't think I can receive any more videos before I delete stuff.'
She reclines in her seat while he's still shellshocked in place. 'And get on with it. We need to take her to lunch.'
He pulls Sherlock by his hand and guides him to their chairs. He makes a point of pushing them really close, so their legs will be intertwined the whole time. As soon as he sits Sherlock puts his feet in John's lap. He huffs just to pretend and holds the bony ankles fondly, pressing his fingers on the bare skin surface.
John gets up quickly. ‘Yes.’
'Hello?'
He climbs the bike and rides forward, ignoring the motorbike slow behind him. About ten minutes later, where he normally turns right to go deep in the suburbs, some blocks from home, he keeps going ahead, without even moving his eyes in that direction. Reaching the main avenue, busy with people and traffic, he enters a park where he knows the man would need to leave his motorbike to follow him.
Sherlock refuges in the bathroom. Anna takes seat on the sofa, already scrolling down on her phone. John hovers between the sitting room and the kitchen, not really knowing what to do. He hears the shower turning on.
John gapes at him for what felt like ages.
'I didn't even process the ulcer symptoms, and they were on my face.'
John opens his mouth and closes it again. He stays silent.
‘Wait, what David? Her ex?’
Mycroft just raises an eyebrow and goes away silently. Mrs. Hudson approaches the door carefully. 'John, I've been thinking… Do you want to visit his grave?'
'Which was barely fifteen minutes ago.'
'Say my name like this. I daydream of it sometimes.'
He sees her out. Anna is cleaning the coffee table when he comes back. She seems a bit stiff, and he wonders if he should ask. The woman had said she was an old friend, and she couldn't come to the wedding because she had been abroad. But he doesn't remember they discussing this friend, ever. She hadn't sent a telegram (Sherlock didn't read aloud most of them on the reception, but John did take them from him to read later). Anna haven't looked happy in any moment.
The group was quite diverse. Standing out there were two huge black guys, probably african, who looked like twin brothers. They talked to each other in a low voice, and she identified a bit of portuguese. A slim citiboy lookalike didn't look up from his smartphone. There was a blond woman staring at her, probably checking the similarities between them, as she certainly was from East Europe. A bald and tattooed guy was so stereotypical she almost laughed. An indian woman with boyish hair (now
'She's pregnant.'
Sherlock just shrugs. Then he rolls up his left sleeve, revealing telltale pinpoint scars. 'Those are from where I was a bit stupid.'
'I will not. I'll sleep right here, and you'll be able to explore the rest of the house if you want. I even hung more rope with a cork stopper tied to it under the kitchen table. You'll be entertained for hours.'
'Dr. Watson, call for you on line 3, I think it's your babysitter?'
'Ok, apology accepted, now you can stop that.' he winces.
‘Don't look at me like that, young man.’ she playfully scolds him, then coming closer to theatrically whisper to him. ‘I think he’s in a good mood. By-ee!
'Street forces, John!' he replies getting up, spinning around gleefully. 'They see everything and they hear everything, and no one looks at them twice. My irregulars will keep an eye in the suburbs, I'll tell you if something comes up.'
'So that's it then? I shouldn't be around so you can have fun with her?' he's aware he's already raising his voice.
He swallows uncomfortably. 'I can't.' he replies shortly.
'John, this is Ms. Agnes.' the older Holmes brother gestures to her, and back to him. 'John Watson.'
He looks so much like the first day, in the abandoned parking lot, that John almost tells him about bloody nostalgy. He clenches his fists by his sides.
home early.'
The girl who opens the door has dyed red hair tied in a bun and premature dark circles under her eyes (although the redness of her nose and its unpeeled wing skin from constant blowing with a tissue suggests the dark circles are also a symptom from allergic rhinitis). She looks at him up and down. 'And you are…?'
The difference is that at the time John didn't know such a human being existed. He had thought he was doomed to a mediocre life and lukewarm relationships. He was shown he could do so much better, and then a psychopath jerk took it away from him. John had seen it coming, this Moriarty fella stealing Sherlock's attention, involving him in a dangerous game for everyone.
Sherlock rolled his eyes a bit.  “Just do it.”
“So, young man,” said Mr. Chapman after they’d finished exchanging pleasantries.  “You said you had some questions.”
“Why?  You like danger.  I know you do.  The thrill of it.”
“Oh.  I… don’t have to play it.”
John was nearly asleep when he heard Sherlock mutter, “The motorbike.”
He took a deep breath, bore down, and pushed the thing in.
“It makes do.  For now.”
“Was it worth it?” asked John.
“What is it, exactly, that you’re researching?”
“You think she’s attractive.”
John blinked away his disbelief.  He wondered if Mycroft had cameras in his room or something.  The thought was unnerving.   “That sounds fine,” he said, his voice guarded.
Sherlock cocked his head and raised an eyebrow.  John thought of the robin.  “I don’t have a brother,” he said, feeling rather smug himself.  “Harry is short for Harriet.  Harry is my
John’s beginning to think Sherlock’s suggestions have become innuendo (“Blow harder!  Not
“Right.” John didn't even bother to hide his sarcasm.
“Murray!” yelled Watson, hoping his friend could still hear out of one ear.  “Murray!  I’m down!  I’m down! Call for MERT!  MERT!  NOW!”
Whatever their future, John hoped that at the end of it all there would be love.  That, he hoped, would be their legacy.  That he could look back and say, “Yes, we loved each other, and well,” that those whom they loved would remember and say, “together they were more,” and “they were true partners.”
(See the end of the chapter for
She thought, but shook her head.  “I’m sorry.  That name doesn’t ring a bell.  If you think of something else you want to ask me, though, do please call.”
“So, how are you feeling?”  Sherlock thinks John looks wonderful, so very handsome now that the offensive moustache has been shaved away.
“I know,” John replies.
“What about his perineum?”
, please let me know.  Here’s my card.”  She scribbled her mobile number down on the back before handing it to John.  “You know, I re-read your blog this afternoon.  Seems to be that Sherlock Holmes doesn’t leave the flat for anything other than a good puzzle.”
“I’m aware of the look.”
A Magnificent Instrument
“So did Sherlock clear him of the charges?”
“You’ll want to look around a bit, I imagine,” she said as they entered into an enormous yet somehow comfortable foyer.  “I’ll have Mrs. Hudson give you a tour.  She’s the housekeeper.  There’s also Lestrade, who does maintenance and the gardens.  Molly Hooper tends the stables.  I manage Mr. Holmes’ properties,” she added, in case John hadn’t figured it out yet.   “Mr. Holmes will be arriving at 6pm for dinner.  He’ll interview you then.  Welcome.  Mrs. Hudson will be just a moment.”  And with that, she disappeared into a side room, leaving John alone.
John let himself take it all in for a moment, then winked the fairy lights back off.  The glass was mostly obscured by greenery, but the light of the torch would be less obvious if someone happened to be looking down from a guest room.
“I’m just back from the clinic.  If you’d like, I’ll help you unpack later.”
In the darkness, surrounded by the unfamiliar yet beautiful music, John saw something he had never seen before: Sherlock Holmes, weeping.  Tears were rolling down his cheeks from under his closed eyelids, down the planes of his cheeks and dripping from his chin and onto his suit jacket.  His nose was apparently in on it, too.  He sniffed again.  John, concerned, reached inside his breast pocket for his handkerchief, which he pressed into Sherlock’s palm, his hand lingering perhaps longer than it should.
Sherlock took a moment to observe his own body - which really was a mess of oil, come, and sweat.  He shrugged.  “Leave it.”
“Go away!”
“That’s nice of you. Thanks.”
“Not since I was a kid.  In an egg box, no less.”
Sherlock leaned closer to John over the table and whispered with all the venom he usually reserved for people he truly loathed, “Think she could induce you to orgasm by that alone?”
“You’ve missed six texts and two calls.”
“Jesus, Sherlock.  That’s completely inappropriate...”
“Stay the night?” Sherlock said after they’d cleaned up.  “I don’t sleep as much as most people, but I’d...enjoy your company.”
ever see them.  I’d like to know more.  What you did when you were younger, what it was like living here, exploring around.  It’s a child’s dream, growing up in a castle.”
“Hmm?  Human?  No.  Too expensive.  And you never know what you’re getting on the black market.  These organs are entirely porcine.”
“Well, yes, it does that.”
“Lillian?”  John asked.  Sherlock had resumed eating, although he was now picking, brain engaged again on the case.
Lestrade nodded.  “Sherlock’s left, then?”
John keeps a picture on his phone.  It’s password protected as best he knows how, and sometimes, when he’s away at a conference, his hands shake a bit as he tries to key it in.  He’s tired and lonely and horny and misses home and the man in it.
“Shhh,” said Sherlock, finding John’s hand and placing it over his own crotch. “It’s very OK.  More than OK.  Brilliant.”
Chapter 7: Behind the Tapestry
“...was hoping to have a spare room for a lab, but two bedrooms would do just fine and I can make do with the worktop as long as you wouldn’t mind, of course, and a fireplace, and preferably an area where we could see clients..."
“Go wash.  Your hands smell like my arse.”
If Magnussen would have pissed on Sherlock’s tuba, John thinks, he would have killed him then and there and none of this shit would have happened.
“I suppose so.  But I’m not sure if I care about much at all, to be honest.  I’m still angry.  But you know, most of the time I feel nothing.  There’s your bestselling secret diary right there: 400 utterly blank pages of absolutely nothing.”
She smiles wryly and half rolls her eyes.  She opens her mouth to speak, but then closes it, abandoning the thought.  “Never mind.  It’s fine.  Whatever floats your boat.”
He tries, unsuccessfully, to dislodge the seed by squeezing saliva between his teeth.  It’s a recalcitrant little thing.
The night is bracing.  John stuffs his hands in his pockets and stands amid a large, overgrown garden.  He can’t see much, but the moon is out and provides enough light to get the gist of it: there’s a little brick patio off the back that opens up to a wide expanse of lawn.  The hedges haven’t been pruned in ages.  To the east there’s a farmer’s pasture.  John can see his breath.  They walk silently along the property until Sherlock announces that maybe he’d like to try his hand at beekeeping.  It seems like such a Sherlock thing to say, and so John laughs and shakes his head, imagining his friend all kitted up in the white suit and veil.
John cycled up to Holmes Hall to see two men emptying a removal van.  Plastic crates, boxes and a few packing cases had accumulated on the front steps, and from the looks of it, there were plenty more to come.  The front doors stood open, and Mrs. Hudson, looking frail and flustered, was just inside.
Sherlock looked longingly at the bathroom door.
John chuckled.  “Must have been. Did you go to Leeds frequently when you were a kid?”
Only one remained.  Sherlock reached for it, his long, delicate fingers ready to clasp the petal of negation when John decided that he couldn’t stand to hear it, for Sherlock even ever have to think about it again, to doubt whether he was cherished, desired, loved.
“Can I keep touching you?”
Suddenly Sherlock said, “A-ha!” in a triumphant voice and pulled what appeared to be a human skull out of a box.
John sat in Mrs. Hudson’s kitchen at 6.45 the following morning.  He ate his muesli and browsed
They shared a perfunctory handshake.
“Hey,” said Lestrade changing the topic, “the bike’s got a full tank if you need it.  See you later.”  And with that he walked toward the gardens, shears slung over his shoulder, Toby at his side.
“Did you see them?” asked Sam.
“How can I possibly assist you?” It wasn’t a polite question -- she was genuinely wondering.
“No, I want you to.  Mary wants you to.”
John was trying to not gape at the pool area and failing horribly.  The place sort of reminded him of Roman baths - tall ceilings, marble floors, supporting columns, the faint gurgle of water.
“Of course it is, silly.”
It was the first time Sherlock had said it.  John
“Who?”  asked Leybourne.  John tried not to roll his eyes.
They lay together, panting, sweat cooling on their bodies.  Eventually Sherlock went to retrieve a flannel from the bathroom.  After a quick wipe-down he climbed into bed once more, this time with John as the bigger spoon.
The phone at the front desk rang, Melissa answered it, and told Mrs. Jenkins that Lillian was ready.
“Right.  And are you his…?”
“Hmmmm.”  John hummed against Sherlock’s vertebrae.
John thought, trying to keep his emotions (and his face) under control.  “Maybe,” he said, shrugging his shoulders.  “It’s complicated.”
“Please call me John.  And no, not as such.  I’m just…” he thought for the right word.  “His partner?”
Suddenly struck with sentiment, I scoot down and bury my head in his lap.  He pets my head.
“I always knew that Lillian was a sneaky little cow,” Joyce chimed in.  “What a bloody mess.  I’m hoping we’ll find a way to sort this.  Can’t afford to be out of a job.”  She frowned.  “Not after all the bloody graft we’ve put in.”
“Shall I scour the blog to reveal the secrets of your heart?”
“Yes.  Well, in the summer it was.  We also had a house in Cambridge and a flat in London.”
“...they connected a criminal to a crime scene,” finished Sherlock.
Sherlock nodded.  “He wouldn’t have dreamed of it.  And I’d have known.  Mycroft would have known.  Love affairs are nearly impossible to hide if you know what to look for.”
Now that Sherlock was officially mobile again, John rarely saw him.  The day after their adventure at Winnicott Hall, John heard the motorbike leave before he was even out of bed for the day.  He worked at the clinic for the next three days, and by the time the weekend rolled around, he hadn’t seen Sherlock once and found himself missing his company.  He sincerely hoped that Sherlock wasn’t getting high somewhere, slipping back into familiar habits.
“I could see things, even back then.  Understand people, read their signs in a way most adults can’t.  People see, but they don’t
“Also said you’re running experiments in the study on pig livers,” John added, trying not to feel embarrassed at the amount of praise he’d given Sherlock.  It was all true, though; Sherlock
“Ah.”
“Are you available today?”
“Shit!” she exclaimed, followed by, “Sorry, you scared me.  Your friend, Mr. Holmes - he - he just flew out of here.  You weren’t kidding when you said he couldn’t relax.  I’m sorry, I really was going to try my best.”
“Are you suggesting I should take lessons from you?”
Sherlock slipped from his seat and waded across the pool on his knees until he was directly in front of John, who no longer felt quite in control of his body.
Not to be deterred, anticipation fluttered in his belly as he stripped off his clothes, grabbed his new bottle of silicone lube, his toy, and his phone. He cued up the audio file, popped in his earbuds, flipped open the cap of the lubricant, and got to work.
John walked out on his knees a bit to meet him.  “Sherlock, are you telling me that this whole hair business - you really thought I’d be repulsed by - oh, God, the
“Is this what you wanted?” John asked.
Sherlock shook his head.  “It happened in the morning.  He didn’t have one yet when he’d come to ask me to join him.  I told him I was busy, but he implored.  I refused.  So he would have gone to his garden, chosen something that suited him for the day, put it in his buttonhole, and begun his work. It’s what he would have done.”
Thanks again to all who commented, read, and simply enjoyed this story, to those who took a chance on a premise that seems a little out there.  The Secret Garden?  Really?  What was she thinking?  Anyway, thanks.  Thanks.  Thanks.
Chapter Two: Nothing Ever Happens to Me
Sherlock mirrors John’s posture. “I wanted to wish you a happy birthday.”
“What do you want?”  he whispers.  It is not yet light.
When he could breathe properly again, John pulled out, carefully, feeling horrible at Sherlock’s wince, before wrapping himself up in sweaty, oily, messy limbs.  The bed was indeed wrecked, the sheet having come off the top corner and now stained with oil, sweat, and come.  John didn’t necessarily mind sleeping in a patina of sex emissions, but thought that Sherlock might want to wash.
Beep.
“It’s difficult being the most intelligent person in the room.  Add to that a general dislike of social interaction and unusual interests and you have a target for all types of bullying and torment.  Sherlock learned that if he simply refused to feel, they couldn’t hurt him.”
“Yes.”  He picked another daisy and began a chain, if only to keep his hands occupied and eyes from betraying anything.
“Did that about six months ago.”
Sherlock gives John the grand tour.  The ground floor sitting room is all exposed brick and oak beams.  The kitchen has been recently updated.  Upstairs, three small bedrooms (one is completely empty) and a bathroom.  There are also a couple of outbuildings.  It’s lovely.
“1976,” said Sherlock.
is a magnificent instrument,” he says reverently as he palms the globes of Sherlock’s arse.
“A rudimentary forensics kit.  Fingerprint powder, basic drug detection, chromatography papers, an ultraviolet blacklight, clinical waste bags, tweezers, scales, syringes, an emergency blood type testing kit, gunshot residue kit…”
“She wasn’t you!”
“Jesus!” he swore, toppling over from where he had been crouching.  “Molly, for God’s sake!”
“Really naked,” supplied Molly.  “They found him his morning.  Naked.  I guess he didn’t show up for work.  He just...died.”
The removal men brought out something that looked like a treasure chest.  It took both of them to carry it.
John blinked.  “I haven’t a clue who you’re talking about,” he said.
“I don’t…” he tries to say.  He has no words.  The giant supernova of Sherlock’s brain has sputtered out, run out of fuel.  A black hole, sucking at...nothing.  John knows.  He’s been there before.
“It’s not for me,” Sherlock said, closing the knife.  He held the flower out, inspecting it.
“Delivering the post,” continued Sherlock.  “You rang the doorbell.  And since I am such an irresponsible son, I didn’t answer.  You knew my father was somewhere on the property, so you checked the garden.  And there he was, up on the ladder.  What happened, Mr. Owens?”
“Do not.  Tickles.”
“As long as it turns you that lovely shade of pink, yes.”
“No.”
His eyes had just fluttered closed as he breathed in through his nose, out through his mouth, and then Sherlock was back, his hands coming up to frame his face.
She considers.  “Maybe.  It might be better if there’s some distance.”
“Oh, grow up, Sherlock,” John said, wiping his eyes.
John tied the robe a bit tighter around his waist - just to be safe - before getting off the table.  “Dinner,” he said, “is going to be absolute hell.”
He shot what would have been his limit if the season were open (just how much power DID Mycroft Holmes have, anyway?  Enough to have the authorities turn a blind eye to illegal game hunting, at the least) and turned back to the house.  Insteading of going in the front, however, he walked behind Holmes Hall to bring Toby back to Lestrade, who was probably still tinkering around in his shop.
Sherlock takes the opportunity to make the tuba groan with something that sounds more like the flatulence of a hippo rather than a real note.
“I don’t
“We weren’t hurting anything.”
“I would like to return to London, but I have grown used to company as of late and would like to share the cost of a centrally-located flat.  I’ve been doing some thinking and have analysed our relationship.  We get on well.  You are not troubled by my experimentation; you take up little space and are generally tidy.  Granted, I do play the violin when I’m thinking, and sometimes, as you know, I don’t speak for days on end.”
Lestrade frowned.  “Yeah.  Did.  Past tense.  Divorce finally went through.  But that’s different.  I mean, when you live with someone, you can’t help it, right?  Eventually you get to this comfortable place when it’s no use trying to blame the dog or pretend your shit doesn’t stink, you know?  Plus.  It’s just amusing sometimes.  If God didn’t want us making such beautiful music, he shouldn’t have given us arsecheeks.”
_________________________________________
Well, it was better than watching telly, he supposed.  “Fine, Sherlock,” he began as he approached the man on the table.  John’s first thoughts were something along the lines of “young, good looking, no visible signs of trauma, no blood, all limbs intact…” before switching over to the thought that voiced itself completely unbidden: “He’s
“I’m over forty, and, according to you, will be totally grey soon.  I have bags under my eyes, my lips are always chapped, and, in case you haven’t noticed, I’m bloody short.”
“It seems too...I don’t know.  Personal, somehow.”
John took his time evaluating the rest of the man’s back and the back of his arms.  “Well, there are tiny abrasions here - and here...” he pointed to several small areas of irritation down the middle of the man’s back, “but besides that, I don’t see anything out of the ordinary.  Except the lack of hair, that is.”
“Relax a bit.  Don’t be too stiff or we’ll topple over.  You might want to hang on to me.  Waist, not arms or shoulders.”
________________________________________________
“No one saw anything
The thing about sex with John (as opposed to his previous lovers who were not really lovers at all and whom he mostly deleted ages ago) was that John managed to
Sherlock manouvered himself next to John, pushed what would fit of his hand into the muff, and slid it over John’s chest, watching to see how fast John’s nipples turned into stiff little peaks. Instantaneous.
housekeeper”) before making his way back to his room.  He took his time getting there, this time paying attention to the artwork and knickknacks adorning the walls.  The place was like a museum; it would take him days to see it all.
, he texts back.
It was then that it hit him - John was suddenly aware of the bee that had crawled into Sherlock’s bonnet - he was
“Where do you keep your hives?”
his brain supplied,
Sherlock shook his head.  “Mycroft has no friends.  He has
“You’ve spent the past two months staring at my crotch.”
“I haven’t taken my MRCP exams yet.  My grandmother’s rather unwell --liver failure-- so I’m staying close until she...you know.  Then, back to London!”
“I didn’t even think you did that.”  John’s face heated, as did his groin - he was going to have to learn to control his arousal because this was just damn embarrassing.
“Come here, you,” John whispered, and turned to his side so they could kiss.  Sherlock liked kissing far more than John had originally thought he would.  Clearly Sherlock was no novice, and he learned what John liked and disliked immediately.  Cunning deductions and rapid-fire insults were not the only things that Sherlock could do with that mouth: his plump lips were made for nibbling and sucking, his teeth for gentle nipping, his tongue for gliding, thrusting, teasing.  His kisses now were already urgent and wet, the way they were before John usually gave up trying to hold back and began seeking orgasm in whatever expedient way they could think of.  Sherlock
John just shakes his head in a way he hopes means,
The series of texts that followed left him even more confused:
“But he never…”
When last we saw our boys, they were kissing in the garden...
John closes his mouth.  It’s not as if he can’t afford those ridiculous boots.  He has more than enough to live comfortably.  He has enough to travel, even.  Be indulgent once in awhile.  It’s just the purpose of the thing.  What is it about Sherlock and footwear?  John likes a quality shoe as much as the next man, but he’d better damn well be able to run in it.
“You didn’t answer the question.”
“Sherlock’s things.  Mycroft’s had them all delivered.”
Sherlock hung a framed picture of the periodic table on the wall along with a specimen case containing several beetles and a bat.  He didn’t say much as he worked, but occasionally hummed to himself, and John found the silence comfortable and somehow familiar.
“He loves me.”
John thought 10mg Valium might be a lot more helpful than a massage.
“Nothing done by halves, with you.”
That seemed very sad to John, who was thinking that, for as much as he felt toward Sherlock, there was so much about him that was void, left unshared, or, worse yet, deleted.
“I have twenty, at the least.”
John opened the laptop back up.  He looked at Sherlock over the computer when he saw the webpage:
“I’ll see you around?”  He’d meant it as a statement, but it came out as a question.
His first ten blog entries were under five words apiece.   On the first of February, he wrote, “nothing ever happens to me,” and intended it to be last last entry.  What was the point of writing down an uneventful, meaningless life?
“You wrote in for advice? To
John shook his head.  Whatever.
Sherlock grumbled something in response, then saw his brother out.  John went back to his bench and relaxed.  Summers really were beautiful in Yorkshire; he hoped they could return sometime, although he had to admit coming back to the hall as a hotel guest held no interest to him.  Like the seasons, it was time to move on, to forge ahead, to plant new roots in new places and see what grew there.
John was anxious.  He was supposed to work at the surgery the following morning, and the longer he sat in Greg Lestrade’s car, crawling up the M1 at a pace that would put a snail to shame, the more he realized that what Greg had insisted was a flying visit to Coventry for a consult was now likely to mean an overnight stay.  He was also anxious because it was hot, and his body had betrayed him and forgotten how to deal with the heat in a proper manner. The air conditioning wasn’t quite cutting it, and he was forced to not only roll up his sleeves but also unbutton the first two buttons of his shirt.  To make matters worse, his gut wasn’t behaving.  Against his better judgement, he gobbled down a second sausage roll at Lestrade’s goading and drank Coke too quickly.  Mr. I-Don’t-Eat-While-On-A-Case was in the back seat, lost in his mobile, immune to the heat, the slow traffic, and the discomforts of a rotten gut.
“Can’t guarantee that.”
“I think I have something in the car that might work,” she said.
“Making supports for the hollyhocks.  See these?”  He stooped, laying his cane to the side so he could get closer to the tall plants growing along the side of the wall.  “They need stakes.  Bamboo ones, ideally.  All I’ve got is sticks at the moment.”
“And even then,” continued John, “I don’t think Miles Donovan is the type of man who is just going to admit his guilt.  Even if we did get hold of one of his shoes and prove that the boots from the pond are his, I don’t think we have enough evidence to even take him to court.”
The picture round began.  John missed the category, only vaguely hearing the people at his table call out names.  “Barbara Windsor!”  “Diana Dors!”  “Dawn French….ooh, who’s that one? The one who was mates with Princess Anne.”
“Sorry,” Sherlock murmured against his back when John moved a bit, slotted their bodies together even tighter.  “I didn’t mean to get…” He pressed a kiss to John’s back.  “...aroused.”  He let out a tiny laugh.  “Again.”
“James Hull...I’m the PE teacher, and Barbara’s our new Deputy Head. She only found out she’d got the job last week when...”
John nodded.  “Let’s go in the garden.”
“It was necessary...”
“You want to stay?” John asked, stretching a bit and simply enjoying himself.  "I’m afraid that you’ll be bored in another hour.”
“FOR FUCK’S SAKE!” he yelled to his empty room before kicking a chair for good measure.  It skidded across the floor and toppled over.  Feeling profoundly defeated, he dropped into the remaining upright chair and put his head in his hands.  That didn’t go at all according to plan.
“Ah, John.  Good to see you.  I do hope you’ll be able to accompany Sherlock on a...little favour for me.”
“Knock knock,” he said, stepping over a cardboard box.  “Hungry?”
“The cravings are horrible.  I usually can control my use.  It got a bit out of hand.”  He spoke so nonchalantly, as if overdosing were something mildly irksome that someone did occasionally by accident, like stubbing a toe or choking on spit.
place?  Of all the places you could have picked, you had to pick somewhere high-profile that catered specifically to women, for God’s sake...”
“Yes?”
“Right,” he said, anger rising again.  “Must have been pretty memorable if they satiated your libido for the rest of your life, ‘cause I’m fairly certain ‘had’ is the correct form of the verb.”  Sherlock gave him a strange look, a mixture of disdain, loathing, and hurt, before turning his attention back to whatever he was studying.  Conversation over.  “I’m going to bed, yeah?  Try not to stay up all night.”
“Not exactly, but let’s say so for the sake of this argument.  Look, John, I’m not proposing marriage.  Just a flatshare.”
Sherlock surrendered his phone to John with reluctance.  “Who knows, John,” he said, “maybe I’ll find transcendence and emerge a different man.”
The dildo -- a 9” long, 2.75” wide realistic masterpiece that had set him back 30 quid -- collided with the wall with a loud, rubbery thud.  Panting and sweating, John lay on his bed cursing the damn thing and his body which would not, despite coaxing, meditating, relaxing, massaging, and being slicked with specially-designed numbing lube, accept it.  Everything that had led up to the actual penetration had been wonderful: he’d been fantasizing about Sherlock, that the faux dick in his hands was Sherlock’s, and that Sherlock was getting off on rubbing it all over John’s perineum and arsehole.  John had shivered as he worked it over himself, trembling in anticipation, and nearly came when he’d begun to nudge the thing against his hole in earnest.
James put away the oil and put the extra towels in a hamper.  “I know it starts with a bath - there’s a tub in that particular room - and then, after a twenty-minute soak or so, the client has an exfoliation with a sugar or salt rub, followed by a reflexology massage.  Lillian’s a master of reflexology - she’s completely intuitive.  Once she’s finished, the client has nearly an hour to simply meditate or sleep.  Most choose sleep.  They come out feeling like a new person.”
“Yes.  No?”  Sherlock breathed out his nose and looked genuinely distressed.  He’d opened his mouth to say something more but it seemed to have got stuck.  Just then, a heavily built man with a greying ponytail exclaimed, “Well if it isn’t Sherlock Holmes!” and slapped Sherlock on the back.
“If you insist on labelling my sexuality, I suppose that may be the proper term.”
“The canal!” remembered Sally.  “We were playing by the canal and you said there was a snake…”
“So?”
“Move,” said Andrew.
“What happened between you and Sally?  She’s not exactly warm to you now.”
“Yes, in several places.  They were much more popular twenty years ago than now, though.”
John pulled on his fishing rod.  The line was tangled
John tried not to smile.
Mr. Holmes must have arrived, he mused as he stared at the ceiling.
“What, no back alleyways?  Lestrade’s office after hours?  On the stairs of 221B after chasing after criminals half the night and we’re a sweaty mess?”
John took a hiccuping little breath and steadied himself.
“Brilliant,” he said, voice deep and husky.
“Get back up here,” demanded Sherlock when they broke apart for air.  “Get up here and fuck me.”
thought John.  He’d seen his fair share of abuse cases while working as a GP, and it made him sick and angry every time.
to him.  I’m not spying on him.”
John had his hand on the doorknob when Sherlock spoke again.  “I really could use someone with medical expertise,” he said.  “And the skull sometimes draws unwanted attention.  Next time there’s a case, would you like to join me?”
,” he read.
“Lydia Baron,” said Mr. Chapman, pointing to the name.  “Now she was the librarian.  She’s long passed away, though.  Cancer.  Her daughter lives in Manchester.  Now who’d she marry?”
“Maybe all the powder contains pistachios.”
John told himself.
My love.
“Let’s go to the garden and have tea,” said Mr. Chapman.  “Then we can talk properly.”
“You may touch me, John.  I enjoy it.  I
Here is the Andersen story.  I read it three times before having a reaction much like Sherlock’s.
John raised his eyebrows.  It was the first time he’d heard Sherlock issue a command.
John thought.
Above him, Sherlock sighed, and John felt his fingers rest on his head for a moment.
They ate together, Sherlock falling back into his familiar patterns of storytelling.  The food was excellent (a green salad, roast chicken and root vegetables, and a strawberry tart for dessert) and John felt more relaxed after several glasses of wine.  Yet something had changed; Sherlock looked more thoughtful, the way he did when he was puzzling something out when that great brain of his came up short.
“Yes, yes.  Ooh, livewire, that one.  Clever, too.”
“To a job well done,” John toasted once they sat across from one another at their small table.
“I met her at a time in my life when I really needed someone.”
“Well,” he announced, stroking Sherlock’s cheek with his thumb and feeling the need for levity before he turned into a pile of emotional mush incapable of doing anything but lounging in bed all day. “We are both in need of a shower.”  He stood, took stock of the mess at his groin, and held out a hand.  “Come with?”
Sherlock leaned into John’s touch and smiled.  “Mr. Campbell said that?”
“Glitter is tiny pieces of cut up foil, whereas shimmer is mica.   Cosmetics contain both.  I’d like to test the various properties of shimmer and glitter in both cheap and professional-grade cosmetics and see what traces they would leave from skin-to-skin contact, such as a casual embrace or a sexual encounter.”
Something about the way the linen was lying over the massage table struck him as odd, as if there were a slight protrusion on one side.  He went over, lifted up the sheet, and found a little drawer built into the side of the table.  Sliding it out, he expected to find more oils, or towels, or other implements of relaxation - instead, there were rows of boxes.  Small boxes.  Lifting one out, John shone his light across the label, which was printed in both English and Chinese:  sterile acupuncture needles.
Sherlock shrugs as best he can.  “I didn’t feel like it.”
“You’re leaving.  This was your childhood home.  It’s important.”
“Wants?  Oh, there’s nothing he wants here.  He wants the city life and the crime that comes with it.  He wants London, the traffic and the noise.  He wants expensive cigarettes and fucking bespoke suits.  No, it’s not what he wants that keeps him here.  It’s what he
John put his hand on Sherlock’s knee under the table and squeezed.
“I don’t know yet.  I’ll have to check with his girlfriend; confirm with Molly.”
“No,” Sherlock replied frankly.  “Not in the same way I find a mystery stimulating, or the way chemistry intrigues me.”
“You should get that checked out,” said Lestrade in Sherlock’s direction.  “Not healthy.  God only knows what you’ve done to yourself with that abstaining from food crap.  Probably have ulcers or something.”
John flushed the toilet and stared at the bottle before turning the shower on.  Like as not Sherlock was intently listening to his movements; nothing was sacred.  With the shower running, Sherlock was less likely to hear John take the bottle and examine it; it didn’t look like any had been used, but the seal had indeed been broken.  He unscrewed the cap and tentatively sniffed - it really was a lovely smell.  Not too feminine or masculine, very natural, vaguely redolent of the tropics.  Holding his finger over the top of the bottle, he tipped it upside down and right side up again, then licked what remained.  Nearly tasteless, too.  Based on its simple ingredients, he didn’t really expect much.  Nutty, maybe.  How had Sherlock known that this was the one he had been looking at?
“Coney.  Or, to use the better known term, rabbit.”
Sherlock attempted a retort but must have thought better of it.  “You can decide for yourself,” he said at length.  “I’ll be staying for a while.  My darling brother has cut off my cash and paid off any of my...associates...who could have helped me in my time of great need.”
When they arrived back at the Manor House, Sherlock finally turned and drew John close to him.  Had he been crying?
The corner of Sherlock’s mouth quirked.  “Perish the thought, John.  As far as a proper lab is concerned, I’d really just like a decent place to do a decent PCR and access to a centrifuge and incubator.”
John shivered and groaned and swallowed him down.
“Go to the bedroom,” said John.  “Be there in a minute.”  He got up to let Sherlock gather his blanket and his pride and retreat nude into the kitchen.  Then John picked up the muff, turning it over in his hands.  The image of Sherlock spread out on the couch pushing his cock into it was still burned into his brain.  “Mad bastard,” he muttered aloud.  “The both of us.”
“I’m not an expert on relationships or anything, God knows, but you two...”
There are good ways to wake up.  Waking to the smell of coffee is pleasant.  Waking to a nice closed-room murder is even better.  Without a doubt, however, waking to the feeling of my prick nestled between the cheeks of John’s arse is, without a doubt, my new favourite way to greet the morning (or afternoon, or early evening, or, whenever, honestly).
“Awful.”
SOIL:  http://www.crimemuseum.org/crime-library/forensic-soil-analysis
This is porn.  Vanilla porn.  With a hearty helping of testicle appreciation and confessions of love.
John knew, though, sadly, that it would never be enough.  Sex and love just went together for him, they
Both she and Sherlock chuckled at that.
Chapter 11: A budding friendship
“I would have hurt him if he touched you.”
Navya accepted Sam’s hug, as weary as she felt.  “Thanks.  Bit sudden.  Haven’t a clue where to begin.”
“What happened, Mr. Owens?” said John, kneeling next to him.  “Please, tell us what happened.”
Nothing.
“I’ve got to go, mate,” said John, shaking his head with a smile.
a nice room.  Very welcoming and warm.  So unlike his room at Headley Court, sterile and cold and so very...beige.
“You know,” came that deadly baritone from somewhere under the covers, “I had an aunt once who made spectacular vanilla panna cotta.”
Sherlock was sitting, on an underwater bench, apparently, with his head tipped back and eyes closed.
Eventually Mycroft asks them to think it over, which John promises to do.  Sherlock simply says nothing.  When Mycroft crosses the room, however, to retrieve his coat and umbrella, Sherlock brings the instrument to his mouth once more.  Every step Mycroft takes gets a comical “OOOM-pah.”  Sherlock matches his brother’s pace as he leaves the room, conjuring up images in John’s mind of a bass drum following a sumo wrestler.  OOOM-pah.  OOOM-pah.  OOOM-pah.  It’s completely puerile.  John can’t help but smile.
“I’m surprised she even agreed to meet you,” John said, checking his watch.
“I’m sorry,” he apologised, turning over to his side away from John.  “I hadn’t meant to get so carried away.”
BOOM!  The rapport of the shotgun echoed off the house.  In the white-gray sky, a pheasant turned topsy-turvy and tumbled to the ground.
“Really?”  At least she wouldn’t need bedside manner, thought John.
Maybe he should ask Sarah out; she’d shown a bit of interest, he thought.  Maybe they’d go out to see a movie, or have dinner together.  Keep it casual at first, move slowly.  Sarah was safe.  And pretty, and clever.
Leybourne excused himself and fumbled his way out of the garden.  The Inspector officer, a man whose name, John remembered, was Campbell, declared he was had everything needed, shook hands with Lestrade, and said he’d be in touch, before he, too, excused himself.
, John found he couldn’t resist.  He pushed off from the edge and crossed the few feet to Sherlock, wrapping his legs around his lover’s torso.
Mrs. Hudson dried her eyes with a hanky she kept in the pocket of her apron and gathered herself together.  “I never had children,” she said, “and Sherlock is very dear to me.  But he can be rude and obnoxious and right now I’m so angry with him that I’m all blubbery.  If he were my child, I’d give him a good talking to.  And maybe a spanking.”
Swearing, John reached down and tenderly probed the offended area: moments before the attempted insertion, his anus had been soft and ready; now it was sore and puffy and Jesus fuck, was he bleeding?  Fucking hell.  He gingerly climbed out of bed, retrieved the dildo, shoved it back in the shoebox (he’d clean it later when he stopped hating it), and pulled on a pair of loose sweatpants.  He needed a hot bath.  And then maybe an ice pack.  And a drink.
“Detective work?”
The beautiful gun was actually on display in a large room on the north side of the main hall.  John had taken to calling it the “safari room” in homage to the exotic taxidermy hung along its walls.  The walls were rich teak, making him feel as if he were in an old museum wildlife exhibition rather than someone’s personal estate.  It smelled vaguely of pipe tobacco and gun oil and woodsmoke: the massive stone fireplace had escaped conversion to gas and still burned real logs.  It was a place where men sat and sipped brandy while they told wild, exaggerated stories of their conquests and triumphs over the animal kingdom.  John didn’t necessarily condone the hunting of large African beasts, but it didn’t make him uncomfortable, either.  Harriet would have been mortified.
“STOP!” yelled John and Lestrade at the same time.  The two brothers paused, apparently at a standstill.
Sherlock huffed.  “That was incredibly painful!”
“You really should keep them.”
“This one.”  John tried his best to emulate Sherlock’s trademark smoulder, used on women as a means to an end, but, sadly, never directed at him.  John imagined that if he ever did get that look for real, he just may melt into a puddle of want on the floor.
John ignored the barb.
“What were you afraid of?”
In this head the all-baffling brain,
Sherlock considered.  “That would work.”
Sherlock only fussed a bit at John’s insistence that he hold a plastic bag of ice to his face as they worked through the police proceedings.  A quick glance at Andrew’s phone and the contents of his wallet gave the officers everything they needed for an arrest.  As Sherlock had deduced, Andrew worked alone, having added the drug to a specially marked bottle of grenadine syrup used to sweeten cocktails and a homemade lemon-flavoured sugar used to rim glasses.  The quiz had ended sometime after John’s headbutt, so everyone was ushered out. Forensics said they’d look at the bar more closely in the morning.  Sgt Donovan packed a now-silent Andrew into her patrol car, assuring him he wouldn’t be seeing the inside of a pub for a very long time.
“Wuss.”
“But you
“Have you spoken with Owens?  I stopped off at his place and left my number, but he hasn’t returned the call.”
As for Sherlock himself, John saw him fairly frequently.  As it turned out, Sherlock rather liked a listening ear, and John was obliged to listen to him go off on long tangents about dust particulate or blood spatter patterns.  They sat for long hours sometimes in the evenings, in either of their rooms or in the library, Sherlock nattering on about something he was working on while John half-read a book.  Whatever Sherlock was working on...something about blood coagulation...would keep him busy for awhile, but not indefinitely, John knew.  One person posted a missing person case up on the Science of Deduction blog, but Sherlock quickly deduced, over the phone no less, that the missing wife had simply run off with a lover.  He listed the places where she was most likely to be located and told the man to call again if she didn’t turn up, although she certainly would.
“It makes sense,” Sherlock said after they’d sat there for quite some time, close together on the stone bench.  “He jostled the ladder.  Panicked.  Realised he may have left prints.  Removed his shoes, looked around and saw the stones.  Dumped them in the pond, fled.”
“It’s the last time
John watched Sherlock’s eyes dart around.  “Your faces are all blue,” he said to the other runners.  “Hers is yellow.  Why is she yellow?”  His voice trailed off but he continued to murmur under his breath, looking from one person to the other in quick succession.
John bolted upright in his chair, knocking his book to the ground and gasping for breath.  He pressed his palms to his ears to drown out the noise before crashing to the floor.  He lay there, sweating and shaking, waiting for the panic to dissipate.  Yet the noise of the helicopter persisted.
After careful consideration, I have decided NOT to mention any of the episodes in the series.  I didn't want to fit this story within the timeline.  This would never happen in the series, so let's just let this exist on its own, in some happy little land where the unresolved sexual tension always gets resolved.   Hope you're down with that.
Sherlock thanked him politely, and Mike held the door for John.
“All right.”  Sherlock reopened the magazine and went back to the shoes.
John opened the front door to see Adam Owens, the postman, holding a large white polystyrene container.
Lestrade:  ‘Bout fucking time, mate.
“You have to help me.  I can’t do this by myself.”
John chewed, swallowed, and looked across at Mycroft dubiously.  “Really?  You’re offering me congratulations?”
John snorted, feeling awfully twelve.  Sherlock was usually so reserved.  He rarely made dirty jokes or called body parts anything but their proper names.  When he did come out with something obscene or childish, it never failed to take John by delighted surprise.  John hummed, then disentangled himself and stretched out onto his back, putting himself on display atop the water.  “See?  I think there will soon be a mast to join it,” he said cheekily.
John could hear the emotion in Mycroft’s voice.  Not quite anger--annoyance, maybe.  Sadness, certainly.
“She knew, dad.  About Sherlock.”
John stared straight ahead and tried to ignore his racing pulse.  What if...they were sexually incompatible?  His experiences with penetration in that particular area were limited to a single finger (and once, he recalls with great fondness, a tongue).  What if Sherlock simply wouldn’t
“No.  Bored.  I’m being proactive, John.  Be proud.”
“Anyhow,” said Sherlock, moving on from the pig parts to again assembling his chemical apparatus, “you don’t think my brother will mind too terribly much if I accidentally ruined his carpet, do you?  One of the bags seems to have sprung a leak.”
“Just wait until summer.  I bet it will be so beautiful!”
“Forgive me for asking, Mrs. Sandhurst, but were you unhappy working for the Holmeses?”
“You have an unhealthy obsession with hair,” John teased, finding Sherlock’s foot under the table and nudging it with his shoe.
It really shouldn’t have been arousing, but in the time they’d been together, John found that Sherlock could do something as human as sneeze and somehow his body would find it sexy as hell.  He wondered if the novelty of their relationship as lovers would ever wear off.
He pulled the keys to the secret garden from his pocket and placed them in the drawer of the nightstand.
Lillian had a boyfriend named Bobby.
“I don’t think you would,” John said quietly back.  If there was something
beard, John,” he replied, frowning.  “Just because I don’t have five o’clock shadow by one in the afternoon does not make me incapable of growing facial hair.”
, he commanded his body.
“Wouldn’t want anyone seeing your bald spots, would you?”  John offered, trying to lighten the mood.
“No.  I prefer to play solo.”
“Was.  Lots of things.  Quite a lot of cocaine.  Bit of heroin -- helps with the comedowns, but the withdrawal is nasty.  Some tramadol.  Valium.  But my ever-so-gallant white knight of a brother decided to butt his fat head into my business and kidnap me to detox.  Seems I gave the rehab centre a bit of a tough go the last time and they didn’t want me back.  Dreadful places, rehab centres.”   John watched as the other man’s eyes -- as bloodshot and red-rimmed as they were-- looked him over. “But you know about those, don’t you? So.  Was it Afghanistan or Iraq?” he said after a moment.
John carried the box to the hall where he placed it with the rest of the giveaways, bid farewell to Mrs. Hudson, and picked up the box of miscellany he thought Sherlock would like.  He was halfway up the stairs when the tattered brown suitcase caught his eye again.  In a completely impulsive move, John opened the box of dance costumes and removed the fur muff.  He tucked it inside his own box, and, feeling slightly guilty, carried the lot upstairs.
“Aha! Not technically a plant,” John clarified, pointing a finger in Sherlock’s direction.
“Ooh, that’s a hard bargain, Doctor.  I’ll tell you what: buy one of those jars of Samuel’s honey, too, and I’ll let you have it...and the periodic table...for ₤235.”
“Well?”
“So, what’s the verdict?” John asks as Sherlock wipes down the mouthpiece and puts the instrument away.  “Do I have a chance?”
A hot rush of disappointment coursed through John’s veins, even though he knew it was irrational.
Sherlock shrugged.  “Possibly.”
It’s a good thing that we kept the upstairs room.  I’ve been told I make quite a lot of noise while being enthusiastically buggered by the most attentive lover in London.
“Yes?”
“Well, enjoy your day,” said John, leaving her to the horses.  “See you around?”
Sherlock shot John a questioning look, which John mentally answered with
“We’re going to have to do these twice.”
The wound in his shoulder got infected and he endured another round of surgery.  What was left of his shoulder was a mangled mess.  They might as well have taken the entire arm, he thought bitterly as the pain throbbed constantly.
“How did you get out?”
Toby bounded into the brush and came back, the bird in his mouth.  He dropped it at John’s side and sat obediently.  John did a little victory dance right there under the big open sky before reaching into his pocket for a doggie treat.  About fucking time.  “Feel like pheasant tonight, mate?” he asked, scratching the dog’s ears.  He reloaded.  “Let’s go.  Flush ‘em out, that’s it, off you go.”  The dog took off.  John pumped the shotgun.
“I don’t feel brave.  In fact, I’m really fucking nervous.”  John laughed a bit.  He held up his hands as proof - they were trembling, slightly.  “Take those off,” he said to Sherlock, a smile in his voice, “because there’s no way I’m going to get your shoes untied in this state.”
“Are they?”
Sherlock scowled.  “No,” he said simply after a while.  “I haven’t.”
She finally put the phone in her lap and shot him a weary smile.  “Anthea.”
“No.  That was later.  Anyway, my father had asked me to help.  With the plum tree.  Pruning it, again.   He didn’t need my help with that ladder.  He was very sure on his feet.”
John raised his eyebrows, considered the implications of such a statement.
“I suppose so.”
“John…”
“I suppose.”
“I might have a spare inner tube in the garage,” he said.  “Come around the back.”
“Feeling any better?” asked John as he sipped his coffee.  He walked over to Sherlock’s windows and tried to get a look down into the secret garden, but the room was in the wrong position. He could see nothing of the interior of the garden whatsoever.
John frowned.  “Haven’t thought about it much, really.  I probably should.”
Navya’s eyebrows shot up.  She wasn’t sure if she wanted to hear the rest of the conversation, but it was too late.  Her interest was piqued.
Mycroft’s eyebrows nearly marched right off his forehead.  He put down his pen and laced his fingers together.  “I couldn’t possibly imagine why.”
“I need someone I can trust.”
“Missed you,” I mumble, because it’s the truth.
“Well, clearly, we do.  Unless you just plan on barging in on one of Lillian’s sessions, and even then, performing acupuncture isn’t illegal.  Whatever she’s doing turns her clients into Mrs. Jenkins.  What did Mycroft say?  That he felt ‘euphoric’?  From what I read, acupuncture doesn’t usually have that effect.”
Needless to say, Mrs. Hudson did not receive her pheasants.
“Is that a crime?”
“Perhaps I should consider another line of work.”
“He’s wrong.  I do, you know.”
The pub itself was close to the University of Leeds and drew a younger crowd, although there was a family of parents and several teens seated in the far corner.  John wondered why Mike liked such a trendy spot until he saw the menu. The Prickly Thistle (Yorkshire’s third-best pub, known for its eclectic menu and innovative cocktail list, according to the
“I don’t believe I was specific with the exact method of penetration,” Sherlock said, a blush beginning to spread up his neck and over his cheeks.  “You must be skilled at digitally finding a prostate.”
-Walt Whitman
Enjoy!
“Oh.  Yes.  I suppose I did.  Sorry.”
Sighing, John stood, cracked his back, and went into the kitchen under the pretense of making tea.  He turned the kettle on, settled a teabag in the bottom of his mug, and sat on the worktop.  “May I ask what you’re looking at?”
John rolled his eyes.  He added two sugars and a splash of milk.
“Nope.  Perfect.”  John shivered and
“You’re
Except that sleeping with Sherlock was much like sleeping with a hungry octopus.
“Who said anything about walking?”  John thought quickly for something to get Sherlock’s mind off the case.  He quickly scanned the room.  A painting of a water scene caught his attention.  Mr. Holmes had let Henry and Adam fish in the pond when they were done with their work.  John hadn’t gone fishing in ages, and suddenly was struck with the desire to cast a line, the (silly) excitement of reeling in a fighter.
John agreed.  He hadn’t realised how much he’d missed the sun, the sun whose novelty had worn off after just a few weeks in the Helmand province.  The sun was just another enemy there, one that caused heatstroke and dehydration and constant sweat.  To the moors of Yorkshire, though, the sun was a welcome friend.  Even the flowers rejoiced, bursting forth in great blooms of colour.  The warm weather wasn’t predicted to last long, so John enjoyed it while he could.
“What do people usually say?”
Sherlock shot John a look that clearly read
“You’re stronger than you look,” grunted John as he attempted to flip Sherlock onto his back.
“What if you wanted me to?”  Sherlock arched an eyebrow.
again.  Hope?  Possibility?  Whatever it was, it was something.
John plated the eggs and turned off the heat.
And Sherlock’s body remained off limits behind silk and wool.
“I just can’t allow mobiles back there,” she said.  “I don’t want people even thinking about their outside lives while I’m working with them.  Completely counterproductive.”
“Hello, pretty,” said Molly, smiling away.  The robin answered back, chirping a few times, before flying off again, up to the right and out of sight beyond the tall wall.
“Books,” shrugged Sherlock.
The acupuncture needles in John’s pocket were all but forgotten.
Sherlock turned to the window and muttered something that, to John, sounded remarkably like the words “Body. Singular.”
John whistled.  He couldn’t help himself.
“Ten years. The first few were really great, right?”  Lestrade sat up a bit, brushed his gloved hands on his jeans, and reached into his jacket for a water bottle.  “Then it all went to hell.  I used to do police work.  Was a detective inspector in Leeds for nearly twenty years.  I guess you can only be really devoted to a woman or really devoted to a being a cop.”  He took a sip of his water.  “After the divorce I went through a bit of a tough time.  Had to take an early retirement.  I moved out here, and now it’s just me and the earth.  Don’t have to deal with other people’s shite all day.  The flowers, they don’t talk back or miss you if you’re gone, you know?”
John looked up.  “What?  A case?”
Much, much (and another bottle of wine) later, they retired to Sherlock’s room.  It would be the last time the tall ceilings heard John’s groans and cries of pleasure as he knelt on his hands and knees, Sherlock filling him again and again, the sounds and smells of sex blending with the night breeze and faint perfume of the gardens below.  They had made their own walled and secret garden of their bed, a place where two wild, thorny, and untamed men blossomed for each other.
_____________________________________
A group of youngsters were being guided around by a woman in Victorian nursing uniform.  Sherlock eyed the children dubiously.  “Fine.  I know somewhere.  Do you like Italian?”
Having fully caught his breath, John rolled Sherlock off him and to the side so they were face-to-face, sideways on the bed.
John rolled his eyes.  “Why don’t you just go to a lab? Find a place to do your research that’s actually set up for this type of thing.  With better microscopes.  And a chemical hood.  Maybe real cadavers.”
Andrew didn’t even see it coming.  There was one distinct advantage of being smaller than an assailant, and that was generally that they anticipated their opponent to be of the same size: they reached in a certain way, expected limbs to be where they were not.  John slipped his arms up and under Andrew’s, knocking them off his shoulders, before headbutting him right in the nose.  Shocked, Andrew stepped back before attempting the same move that had bloodied Sherlock’s cheek.  John grabbed his arm instead, swept his feet out from under him, and held on as Andrew’s own weight dislocated his own shoulder.
“No.”  John opened the door.  “Together?”
When John finally felt he wouldn’t hurt his lover, he no longer tried to hold it back, and he thrust in earnest, holding to whatever part of Sherlock he could grip - a hand, a thigh.  Gone was his precision.  He was vaguely aware of his own vocalisations as he pumped his hips.  The entire universe had shrunk down to this room, this bed, these two men, flesh slapping against flesh as their bodies learned one another, pleasured one another, loved one another.
“Yes.”
John took one look at the place and knew this adventure would not end well.
How easy was it, then?  He simply loved the man.  Mind, soul...and body.
Sherlock tapped John’s hip.  “Up?” John heard him ask, voice muffled by the covers.
right to John, and for a man who made major life decisions based on the unexplainable stirrings of heart and gut, ignoring it was not an option.  John intuitively
“It’s called sweating,” Sherlock said, sneering.  “I’m not sure you’ve ever experienced it.”
Mike looked properly impressed.  “What are the pig livers for?”
Sherlock made a scoffing sound.  “Your body is secondary, John.  While I fully enjoy every inch of it, I loved you long before I dared touch it.”
“That’s the point,” said Sherlock.  “Whoever threw them in the pond didn’t want them to be found.”
vanilla.  Love to smell it, taste it…” - a lick to John’s ear - “consume it.”
He scanned the pub.  And his happiness suddenly soured.
“Obviously.  Turn him over.”  Sherlock stayed back, lavender rubber-clad fingers steepled under his nose as John and Molly turned the corpse face-down.  “Examine his back.”
I bury my face in John’s back, smell his sleepy scent.  He smells like stale deodorant and Persil non-bio detergent and skin.  I can smell his breath from here, too, all sleep-sour.  It doesn’t bother me at all.
date.  Maybe he’d brought someone here before.  John found it amusing that someone would think a plain, ordinary man in a tartan shirt would be the choice of Mr. Brilliant Model across from him.
he thought.
“You are very welcome, Dr. Watson,” said Mycroft, smiling over his tea.
“I’ll not be staying long,” said Mycroft.  “I just wanted to see how everything was going for you.”
“True.”  John looked at his half-plucked daisy and brought it absently to his lips, where he tapped it gently.
John swallowed hard, cleared his throat, and read:
John didn’t disagree.
“If you’d wanted someone to look after your Sherlock, how about, oh, I don’t know, saying something along the lines of, ‘John, my brother will be joining you for a while to sort himself out after a recent overdose,’ or ‘Doctor Watson, how would you feel about taking on a private patient for a while?’”  John stopped and clenched his fist.  “Wait,” he said, as he began to put the pieces together.  “You knew, didn’t you?  That he was spiralling out of control?  So, what?  Instead of getting him the help he needed, you waited around until he nearly died and then carted him off to the country where he could detox with his own personal physician?  That’s just not on.”
“Just sleep tonight,” said John, “if you can.  I’ve got to work tomorrow, and then we’ll talk about it more.  Try to think about something else, all right?”  He arranged himself on his back and let Sherlock drape himself over his side.  John was nearly asleep when he felt Sherlock grow hard against his leg and slowly move against him.
He paid the driverand prepared to follow his friend into...a hair and beauty salon?
Sherlock turned, put his arm around John’s shoulders, drew him in for a hug.  “I think I’m tired.  Do you think we can sleep now?” he asked softly.
After putting away the fishing equipment, John finally reached the back patio, carrying his and Sherlock’s clothes in one hand and his catch of fish in the other.  Sherlock was muttering to himself and sitting cross-legged on the stone patio in his pants, turning one of the boots this way and that.
room and Sherlock’s much more comfortable bed became
five doors -- and one of them was hidden.  There, in the middle of the hallway, where the third door should be, hung a giant tapestry.  Cautiously, John approached it and ran his fingers over the cloth.  In the light of his torch he could see some bits of a medieval scene -- a woman with a cowl, a man with an ox.  He found the edge and as quietly as he could, extended his arm underneath it.  Ah ha!  His fingers met a wooden door frame.  Heart pumping faster, John insinuated himself behind the tapestry, felt for the handle, and slowly pushed the door inward.
Sherlock held his gaze. “Yes.”
John furrowed his brow, remembering the day Sherlock had binned a pair of fuzzy pink handcuffs citing an extreme case of the heebie-jeebies.  “That’s real fur.”
Mr. Chapman lived in a little terrace right at the end of Burnett Thwaite’s main street, across from the co-operative grocery and not far from his antiques shop.  John liked the look of the cottages, with their old stone masonry and steep slate rooftops.  Ivy clambered up a few of the exterior walls.  John thought the village looked particularly quaint in the summer, and while he would never want to live here permanently, he reckoned it would be a good place to visit.
“Speaking of sex, do you know who’s fun to chat with?”
“But it’s not,” said John, taking the flower and holding it gently in his hand.  “It’s Sherlock’s, and the only place in the world it grows is in the Holmes gardens.”
“Go ahead,” said Lestrade, attacking a particularly recalcitrant mass of tangled, dead foliage.  “Just don’t pull anything green without checking with me first, OK?  Bloody stuff’s as stubborn as the ex,” he muttered.  “You ever been married?”
Sherlock thought, then nodded.  “That very well could be.”
“Mmmm.  Be my guest,” he said, spreading his legs wide as Sherlock crawled under the sheet.
“Go away, Mycroft,” Sherlock yelled in the door’s direction.  “I am currently engaging in rather spectacular coitus.”
John smiled and looked fondly at his beautiful, strange, amazing lover.  “I don’t know.  Do you steal the covers?” he asked cheekily as he settled in beside him.
“I wasn’t, to be honest.  I don’t know.  Maybe it’s just something about this place.  There’s something very... cathartic...about it.”
And so John did, the pad of his middle finger pressing insistently against the hot, wrinkled skin before slipping easily in.  They’d been lovers long enough for John to know that it wasn’t direct prostate stimulation that brought Sherlock over the edge, but rather the sensation of being penetrated, his hole being teased and caressed and massaged that could bring him to completion almost every time.
“Congratulations, you. Shall I start on my list now, or do you know it all by heart already?”
“It’s not gentle I’m concerned about,” John sighed as he snuggled down into the mattress.
John shut his mouth.
For a moment, John wondered what had happened - he wasn’t just going to stop, was he?  That would be truly sadistic.
“Why did your family leave Burnett Thwaite?”
“Are you sure?”
“It’s not always that easy to pick up on.  People can successfully hide attraction, even deep-rooted love.  Sometimes for years.  Indefinitely.  Surely you’ve come across such instances in your research.  You said that love was...what was it?  Oh, yes.  A ‘vicious motivator’.”
John tested his feelings and found that he did, indeed.
“It really is beautiful here,” said John.  “I didn’t think I’d enjoy living in the country, to be honest.  I prefer the city.  But I’ve learned to appreciate the quiet.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m inthatiable,” replied Sherlock, frowning when he realised his tongue wasn’t behaving.  “In-sa-tiable,” he clarified.  “Addictive personality.”
“Check the blog,” said John as he tucked his wallet into his back pocket.   Since he’d written up the case about the cat and their adventure at Winnicott Hall, Sherlock had solved three new crimes.  Apparently Mrs. Hudson had told half the village about John’s blog, and the inhabitants of Burnett Thwaite must be more internet-savvy than John had thought, for nearly overnight his blog erupted with hits.  Sherlock’s stagnant blog began to see some steady traffic, and people began posting inquiries, most of which the detective (rudely) declined, citing them as boring.  He devised an interest-rating scale, and decided anything over a 4 was worth leaving the house for.  Sherlock told John that he’d even had some business cards made up and a box of them delivered to Sgt. Sally Donovan, just in case she needed his assistance.
“Will I get my own room?”
John lay in bed, catching his breath after being wrenched out of sleep by a faint but horrible noise.  Whatever he’d thought he’d heard had stopped.  It must have been the wind through the moors again, that strange, mourning, howling cry.  Outside, rain tapped against the old windowpanes, muffled by the thick velvet curtains.  He resolved to go back to sleep, but no sooner had he snuggled back down under the duvet than he heard it again; this time he was sure it wasn’t the wind.
That mouth was now abandoning John’s cock in favour of his balls.  Thought amended:
“What’s all this, then?” asked John.
“Are you gay?”
“Stay right there.  I’ll come and get it.”
Sherlock gave John a sideways glance.  “Pictures on the mantlepiece.  Three of them.”
and call him
John, though curious, stayed clear of the office while the Holmes brothers decided what should be done with the family estate.  He eventually got the scoop from a teary-eyed Mrs. Hudson, who told him that Holmes Hall would be offered for sale at the end of July with a guide price of £ 13,000,000.
“I’ll have to appear in court, you mean.  You’d be held in contempt before the cross-examination starts.”
“Wait,” said Sherlock, lifting his head a bit.  “Patch?”
Sherlock’s feet were scrabbling for purchase on the bed now, his heels digging in, before his eyes snapped open and his hand began to jerk himself in earnest.
“Do keep a close eye on the place,” said Mycroft as he put John’s file back into his briefcase.  “All it contains is very, very dear to me.  Now, Mrs. Hudson, what have you prepared this morning?”
” Sherlock roared.
John narrowed his eyes.  There were two arrivals via helicopter last night, he was sure of it.  He opened his mouth to protest, but was cut off.
In which there is a proper massage, a consummation, and a vow.
“Does she run regularly?”
“Yes,” whispered Sherlock.  “Yes.”
He was the only one in the library, so he rang Lestrade.
“His…?  Oh God no.  I met Sherlock a little over a decade ago, in Florida.  My husband, Frank, well, he was a bit of a drug dealer, I guess you’d say.  That, and a few guns.”
It was at this moment when Sherlock’s erection finally flagged enough that the muff toppled over to the side and rolled onto the floor, which sent John into another fit of giggles.
And to all of you, dear readers, who have given me so much wonderful feedback.  I hope you find this story fulfilling, although this chapter doesn't end on a positive note.  Don't worry; it will all be resolved, and very, very soon.  Like the next chapter.  Promise.  I cannot wait to share it with you.  :)
Sometime around 2am, Mycroft arrived by helicopter, and the violin ceased.  Unable to keep his eyes open any longer, John finally fell asleep in the armchair.  He dreamed of secrets and ladders, plums and roses, locked gardens and happy endings.
.  He gazed at Sherlock with half-lidded eyes, over the expanse of his back, his dark head, his hands moving a bit on the sheets, the way the oil had pooled in the small of his back, was trickling down over the sacrum, shiny liquid disappearing into the crevice of his arse.
“Forgive me for saying, but your being interested in living bodies is a bit worrying.”
“Are you watching, John?”
“Come to bed with me.”
Something turned in John’s belly at Sherlock’s pronunciation of the word.  He was fairly certain Sherlock hadn’t had “lovers.”  Wrong term.  Sexual partners, maybe.  If that man had had lovers, in the way John defines the term, then John has seriously missed something.
“Oh.  Yes.  Forgive me.”
“You should have pulled up all those,” said Sherlock.  “Common weeds, really.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“Mmm.  8.”
“Third one down,” Sherlock repeated.  His voice was utterly flat.
“That’s one way of putting it.”
“You really do have loose roof tiles,” he said quietly to Mr. Owens before letting himself out.
“Ooh! Sorry!” she squeaked as John held his hand to his chest, trying to keep it elevated.  “John, you’re bleeding!” she said immediately.
He blinked.  “Um, yes.  That’s me.”
During his two years of exile, Sherlock will replay John crying out, “I’m his friend!” again and again.  But he was whisked away too quickly to hear what followed: “I love him.  Oh God, no, please, I love him.”
“No,” said John, again, completely baffled.  That was one hell of a way to start a conversation.
John narrowed his eyes.  “Are you
When John returned to their table with food, Sherlock had the book of fairy tales open.  “Look, John,” he said, carefully picking a pressed pansy from between the pages.
“It was a lucky guess.”  John countered and prepared to get to work.  He still couldn’t believe that he was allowed to touch Sherlock at all, let alone this part of him.  “I think we should probably buy an entire case of it.”
“Exactly.”  Sherlock smiled and stood up.  “They’ll bloom anytime now.  Blink and you’ll miss it.  Used to sit here for hours, trying to see it happen.  I always gave up.”
John has the most beautiful buttocks.  My hands fit right over them.  I like to squeeze and knead them a bit, run my palms over the tiny, translucent hairs on them, before gently parting his cheeks.  Ah, yes.  Here, John’s hair is like that under his arms, but curlier.  Bending to him, I take a cue from Redbeard and nuzzle his cleft with my nose and he lets out a breathy laugh.  (Yes, there is joy in this act).  I can breathe on him like this, just warm him up a bit, watch his tight hole clench a bit.  Relax, John.  Let me love you.
“You’d need a chainsaw to get through all of this,” he muttered as John approached.  “Good God.  How did you ever get in here?”
“You’re thinking again.  Stop that.”
“John Hamish Watson.  Sentenced for a week with an intolerable auntie for the crime of refusing to tidy his room.”
“Good God.”
“You didn’t know?  Did you?  That he was cheating?”
John again was fully appreciative of the rooms he saw - most were in use, but the Mediterranean (reserved for facials and body treatments), Scandinavian (a massage room), and East Indies (featuring a small, private pool) rooms were vacant.  “Who did the decor?” he asked as they passed a closed door marked
They washed slowly in the shower, taking turns standing under the hot spray, soaping each other’s backs, and gently washing sensitive genitals.  By the time they were clean, dried, and in their pyjamas, it had gone midnight.
John couldn’t imagine Sherlock giving up on anything.  He could picture him clearly, a curly-haired, determined little eight-year-old, crouched in front of the plant while his father weeded a neighbouring bed.
His eyes snapped open to find Sherlock’s boring into them.  Several things happened at once:  No fewer than six different expressions crossed his face - shock, disbelief, fascination, repulsion, fury, and arousal? - before Sherlock launched himself from his chair and bolted from the room; John pulled his feet from James’ hands and sat up so quickly that he nearly kicked the poor man in the face; James held up his oily hands in a gesture of self-defense.
“Murdered?  Are you sure?”
“Well,” said Sherlock as they stopped by John’s door.  “What you did today.  That was...good.”
John chuckled, standing up and shouldering his backpack.  “Yes, you idiot.  It’s what people do.  What friends do.”
John would never forget the sound of his name in Sherlock’s mouth when he came, shuddering, or the way he kissed his sweaty shoulder blades as he reached down and around to bring John to his own climax.
“No humiliation.  I don’t get off on it, and I’m not going to do it to you.”  Sherlock hummed a bit in approval.  “Nothing, absolutely nothing, to do with any bodily excretions outside of spit and spunk.  And that includes blood.”
“You should be bringing me tea this morning,” John said as he brought two steaming mugs back into the bedroom, “to make up for the state of my arse.”   His arse was actually fine; a little tender, maybe, but the whole experience of losing his anal virginity the night before had been far more enjoyable than he’d expected, and he was perfectly fine repeating it again - and again - just maybe not more than once in a twenty-four hour period.
“No, really.  I mean it.  You can use me as a reference if you’d like.  I should introduce you to my friend Mike Stamford.  He’s at Jimmy’s.  Might be able to pull a few strings for you.  He knows everyone.”
“People see what they want to see,” Sherlock explained.  “No use in trying to correct them.”  His earlier distress seemed to have been forgotten.
noseful after noseful of perfumed lotions and oils.  Add aromatherapy to Lillian’s list of credentials.  Other findings included tea-making supplies, fresh linens, large canisters of both salt and sugar (for scrub),  a drawer full of paintbrushes (for mud?), a basket containing large, round stones (for massage), and a small refrigerator that housed nothing but bottled water and milk (for tea).  John searched for a good hour and found nothing out of the ordinary, other than several wooden instruments that must be used for massage but looked more like medieval torture devices - or sex toys.
“And I am a sociopath,” Sherlock continued.  “I have an official diagnosis.”
“I meant what I said, earlier,” continued Sherlock.  “I want to taste you.  I want to suck you off.  But right now, I think...”  he swallowed, “sex.”
About half a mile from Owens’ place, John slipped off his bike, took a knife from his pocket, and gouged his front tire.  Sherlock ditched his own bike behind the ivy-covered stone wall that ran alongside the narrow road.
Really.  John can drag things out forever.
“Woah,” he said.
One stroke, two, three, four…
John kept at it, gently, holding Sherlock’s legs open with his hands.  Under his tongue, he could feel the tight muscles begin to relax, and he added a bit more pressure, occasionally tucking the tip of his tongue just inside the opening.  It wasn’t long before Sherlock was bucking his hips and thrashing about and then unwraping his legs and pushing John away a bit.  John sat back on his heels and wiped his mouth.  His face was covered with oil and spit and he probably looked a right mess.  Apparently, this didn’t bother Sherlock in the slightest, who sat up, cupped John’s face between those large hands, gazed at it adoringly for a long moment, before kissing him again.  With tongue.
“No. Lestrade tells me he’s kept my motorbike.”
John laughed and blew steam from the rim of his mug.  “Yeah, well, I can’t be held responsible for what I say when you talk like that.”  Sherlock smiled behind his fingers.  “Where are you, anyway?  In the memorising, I mean?”
“I started thinking ‘deep shit’ three hours ago, if it makes you feel any better, and contrary to what you may believe, I, too, still have doubts and fears.” He frowned.  “Fairly large ones, at that.”
“So, there’s a case?”  John asked when Sherlock had failed to say anything more.  That snapped him out of his reverie, and the confused vague look of earlier was replaced with interested glee.
Her head shot up, long ponytail swishing.  “Oh!  Hi!  I didn’t hear you!”  She petted Toby’s ears one final time and stood up.  “I’d offer to shake your hand but, um.”  She held them up - her palms were dirty.  “Been mucking out the stalls.  Have you met Josie and Sam?”
“I like your tuba,” John says.  “The instrument,” he clarifies a moment later, just in case.  “I can’t imagine you without it.”
“Shoulder,” whispered Sherlock.
“Don’t count on it,” said Sam.
Mycroft stood and looked at John.  “You misunderstand me, John.  A soldier’s sword and shield is only as strong as the arm that wields them and the heart that drives them forward.  He needs you.  Be his bannerman.  Be his champion.  Don’t let him lock you out.”
“Fuck,” swore John, knowing there was no way he could clear it, even with a running start. The man clearly had hurdles as well as middle-distance running in his athletic repertoire.
with his hips.  John was strong.  John was determined.  John could fuck him so relentlessly that he saw stars or make love to him so tenderly he wanted to weep.  Sherlock thought John was very, very good at sex.
Sherlock looked smug.  “As I said.  The police don’t consult with amateurs.”
- I enjoyed, as you would say, ‘a nice wank’.”
was on the verge of happening.  It was one of those things he just knew, the way he could tell that something was just the slightest bit off, the way he had warned his men back in Afghanistan,
Infinite thanks to BettySwallocks for the encouragement, plot-pushing, and Britpicking.  I owe her.
“Only that my father was incredibly angry.  He knew he’d been found out.  He didn’t hurt my sister after that.  Went after my mother instead.  Maggie figured it was best just to keep her mouth shut.”
John shook his head.  He was not awake enough to even begin to think about it.  “It’s up to you and your brother,” he managed.  “I did save this for you.”  He reached in his shirt pocket and retrieved his moleskine.
“Oh-ho!” John said, raising his eyebrows.  He’d always enjoyed a bit of playful competition, and he wasn’t about to pass Sherlock up on an opportunity to show off -- and be naked.
It's still not a date.  But it IS a case.
“You’re the one who just got up,” he strikes back, and then instantly regrets it.  “God, I’m.”  He huffs a laugh.  “I’m still shit at this.  After all these years.  Tell me, Rosie.  What about Sherlock?  We’re not ‘dating’, it’s not like that.  You know that as well as I do.”
arousing, thought John, and not that much different from a woman’s, a bit musky, a bit yeasty, a bit spicy, and right now, all sex.  He worried the thin skin with his tongue, tasting, sucking a bit, letting his mouth find the root of Sherlock’s penis, nestled deep between the testes.
Until the screaming began.
“Trust me, John.  No one ever learns anything.”
If he were proportionate, which, if John’s experience in the medical field was any indicator, he would be; Sherlock’s penis was simply bound to be bigger than John’s.  What if Sherlock were
They stood there on the precipice, catching their breath and looking down on the grisly scene.  The suspect-cum-victim was one Robbie Kerr who had been harvesting unwitting bird-watchers and hikers with homemade traps for several months in the Galloway Forest Park.  Kerr lay face down, the pike having gone straight through his side, tearing a hole in his jacket.
“What happened?”
Sherlock looked down at him.  He looked like he did while on a case, a bit manic, slightly sinister.  “I bet I can make her drop something,” he said in response, lifting his eyebrows, before pushing past John and into the cool sterility of the mortuary.
“No.”  Sherlock actually pushed himself away from his microscope.  John swore he was smiling in that straight-faced way of his.  “I went down, got Mrs. Hudson’s hoover,  cleaned the flat, and then methodically went through the dust canister.  It was relatively easy to separate hair from the rest of the mess - you have been eating toast in excess lately, I might add, from the number of crumbs - and from there, I just sorted them into their types: scalp, androgenic, and vellus, although the latter were much more difficult to find amid all the dust, and then I just had to figure out which ones were yours and mine, which I thought would be easy to determine due to colour and texture but found it to be more difficult than I imagined...”
“Manuals.  Beginner’s guides.
Sherlock lowered his arms and turned his torso to look at John.  “SHAKE IT!” he demanded.
“Come, John!” said Sherlock, bounding into the kitchen and thrusting John’s jacket at him.  “There’s been a murder!  GARGOYLES!”
.  “How much for the anatomy book?”
John left Holmes Hall feeling oddly empty.  He was distracted again at work, remembering bits of things he’d read in Sherlock’s blog: the slight differences between the ash from Embassy no. 6 (king size), Marlboro light (which had a finer particulate), or the use of ambergris in Miss Dior, Charlie, and Chanel no. 5.  He wondered if he’d ever see him again.
Sherlock tips his head to the side, slightly, the way that reminds John of a listening dog.  “You’ve  had a quarrel,” he says, evading the question.
John tried to ignore the pounding of his heart, the stirring anticipation in his gut.  “You forgot about the drug problem.”
“Oh please,” spat Sherlock.  John elbowed him.
“The bathroom’s to the left,” he said when they entered the neat, sparse kitchen.
“I hadn’t expected this,” murmured Sherlock, nosing at John through the fabric of his trousers.  “Being aroused so easily.  I can’t decide if it's annoying or wonderful.  You’re awfully distracting, and you smell fantastic.”
Sherlock raises an eyebrow, crooks his lips into what he thinks is a seductive smile, and leans in a bit further.
The continual changes of the flex of the mouth, and around the eyes,
“Oh, I know that, it’s just...if you wanted to…”  She takes a breath, frustrated.  Tries again.  “In that video...she tells you it’s OK.  To move on.”
No, love is not a pathogen, but, as John has given me reason to believe, a gift; not a parasite but a symbiont, here, somewhere in my groin, my kidneys, my heart, my head.  I feel rather alive at the moment.  Overwhelmingly in love.  And horribly, horribly distracted.
He comprehends she’s talking about him being a father. ‘I think I’m getting there. I still don’t know how to proceed in general but I don’t panic anymore when I think about it.’
'You have poop remains in your trousers.'
When John breaks apart, he barely thinks before opening his stupid big mouth. 'I think your jumpers are cute.' he murmurs.
he breathes in relief, his gun is still there, beautiful and dismounted. There are two bullets at the bottom of the box. He mounts the revolver as silent as he can, unlocks it, and plasts himself against the door, trying to hear what is going on.
The cab takes off and he goes back to the phone. 'John, please pay attention. You can send me your GPS location. Can you do that?'
'Well you never asked.' Sherlock frowns at him. 'And I'm telling now. I propose you rest today, go look for it if it interests you, and while that I'll write a script. Obviously you can't be accounted to do it on your own.'
John is a former British Army Officer, Captain in the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers. While in Afghanistan, he dealt with many operations he was not supposed to know the details, and special agents sent by "special services" from England. He was very much aware of the high risk, and why they kept changing agents. 'When?'
He's not expecting the cleaning spree will last long. The point has been that now 221B is ready to be messed up again from square 1.
He fishes John's phone from his hand, and looking at the contacts he finds one Cynthia Lavalle and calls her, explaining John is unable to go to the clinic today. After he finishes the brief conversation, he hears John asking. 'Am I drugged?'
‘Are you acknowledging problematic jealousy towards him?’ she takes some notes.
John runs into Mycroft in the hospital hallway.
and didn't impose any conditions.
He knows for sure Anna didn't have the pistol and the assassin garb with her, because he helped her to unpack when they moved in together. That he has no idea where she could have access to them is a bit frightening. It's fundamental he keeps an eye on her until Aadhya is out of the game.
It's not an urgency, since the solicitor guaranteed him his house had a high requested profile so it wouldn't take long to be sold. Having that money on his bank account would make things very comfortable for a while. In addition he decides for including all the furniture in the negotiation. The solicitor had told him it would enhance the aggregated value of the property, which is always good news.
I'll have a short epilogue up probably until friday! See you guys there!
His attitude deflates a little. 'Ahn. I only know the waltz you taught me. We could dance to it perhaps?'
So he is inspecting his inbox, that now and then still receives fan mail and the odd case, when Rosie calls. He looks up immediately. She has her little fists raised and clenched, and face munched. He drops the phone immediately, picks her up and runs to the bathroom.
'That's great, I've got you. Now you stay exactly where you are, I'll be there soon. Please keep talking. What are you feeling?' he drums his fingers on his thigh, wishing they could beat the traffic faster.
By instinct he ducks and plasters himself to the linoleum floor. His ears are roaring, a constant vibration in his head muting all the sounds from outside. He opens his eyes, not having registered closing them, but the edges are all blurred. He fumbles the floor, it doesn't seem shaky or broken. For a long minute he doesn't understand at all what is happening.
'She says she's sorry about everything.' Mycroft translates for him. Apparently that's all. So John nods, asserting. Eszter talks to him again, to which he points to the door. John observes her entering Anna's room and closing the door behind her.
'Oh, I trust he will listen to you. But that's not my concern, right now. Care for some news?'
Mycroft joins him near the seat. He has that analytical face that always reminds John of the sanguine connection between the Holmes brothers. Sherlock opens his eyes abruptly and his pupils are
'Sure.' she smiles at him. 'Come on, dinner is ready.'
They decide for it without much discussion. Mrs. Hudson is quite good with cards. She wins the first round, and he beats her on the second round.
The guy had dark olive skin, brown hair and eyes. Swimmer according to some photos and posts. Pretty good-looking.
'I can still leave, and you can close the door.'
The cat moves out of their fight-or-flight position and sits closing their eyes, licking their paw and using it to clean their head. John waits. The cat opens a slint of one single eye at him and gives a little inquisitive 'Meorh?'.
Pablo puts away all the material, and vacillates at the door for a moment before looking back at him.
'We could work on that. Pressure productivity. What do you suggest?'
'Why do you think I'm deleting messages from him? He's been busy, hadn't sent any.'
He takes a wire from his pocket, and installs it around John's ear. 'You are going to listen to this, and repeat everything I say.' he taps his own ear to signal the twin device he has.
Not beta-ed, not brit-picked, not first language. Any wrong grammar please let me know.
He pulls Sherlock’s face to his once again, and he’s aware that having a glorious lapful of consulting detective won’t make it easy for him to go away, but he still has an irrational jealousy to work on with his therapist and years of lost opportunities piling up in his record, so he will take everything he can get.
'So when you… when you jumped from Barts I kept thinking that I didn't see it. I didn't notice. Because I was so caught up in pretending we didn't have to talk, that you wouldn't need and in the end I couldn't retribute your help and I had
He massages his eyes with his fingers. There is still two hours before the clinic's closing time and he had his bike parked here. Mary had left to talk to the car insurance, which was around lunchtime so it really shouldn't take this long. But since someone had actually planted a bomb on their car a couple days ago, he is half afraid they had finally found their way to her. The other half is certain she's smarter than that. 'Yes, I'll see what I can do, talk to you in a minute.'
He sighs. 'I do. Just not frequently. Also not something I require most of the times. Really John, if you want to do something you just have to ask, and I'll say yes or no.'
'You don't understand anything.' he definitely doesn't keep his voice down. 'I don't want you here, if I could never see your stupid face or your pathetic boring clinic again I would jump in
was the owner, a citizen from Brussels of all places, that looked exactly like a brunette Mary Watson. Of course.
It's late hours before he retreats to bed, mind blissfully obtuse. He tries to go up the stairs, but suddenly they seemed very dangerous. So he stumbles across the corridor.
She looks at him like he's an idiot. He realises she standardly looks at him like that. 'I had to guarantee my safety. No use in being dead, uhn?' she smiles all teeth and John wants to hit her so badly. 'I told you I would come back, and I did.'
is what you think about?
'Shlo. Shlo, not okay.'
Sideway, one of the scars in his back is visible. The white thin stripe comes from the right shoulder blade facing downwards, and it fades before reaching the second to last rib. He honestly doesn't remember much from the incident, probably due to the sleep deprivation. He has to ask Mycroft if he hallucinated deducing his torturer wife's affair in serbian. He's not even sure he can still speak serbian, or if he was ever able to.
The moment he hits
'Yes. Yes! Mrs. Hudson, did you finish your coffee? I need to get home.'
'When you are walking right into a mistake,
‘Do you want them to stop being friends?’
'That's nonsensical, you can't pay for another place in London and rear a child on your own. The average monthly budget for single-parents during the first five years-'
When Sherlock finally comes back, Rosie is almost dozing in his arms, and he feels clear-headed for the first time since he left for work this morning. He sits in his armchair, motions for Sherlock to do the same.
'Right. Mrs. Hudson, would you-'
'John?' he hears the inquiry but his vision is blurred at the sides. He just walks to the fireplace they had started to welcome the cold weather, and throws it in there. The gasp is audible in the living room.
'Your personal stuff from the house, to bring here.'
John gets up as well. He still doesn't have leverage to keep the conversation face to face, but sitting down would be an extra add to it. 'I thought sex alarmed you!'
'His voice is perfect for putting babies to sleep, isn't… what?'
The position is easy for him, since he's standing in front of Sherlock, who immediately lift his hands to John's neck. He wants to keep the kiss simple, but Sherlock moves his own lips minutely, to which he reciprocates. It's as tender as it could be, but so exquisite. The sound of John's heartbeat is hammering in his head, and Sherlock's face is so soft.
not betaed, not brit-picked, not first language
'David came here today.' she says and he knows immediately they are having a row by her tone.
Deep breath. 'Can I go with you?'
‘Sherlock.’ John murmurs through gritted teeth.
‘Yes-- I guess. She… showed me an ultrasound.’
'Murder?'
Anna looked over his shoulder. 'Strange.' John doesn't respond, but he feels the same. Why would Mycroft take his time to come to his house having text or calls as alternative? Something was amiss.
Both turn to look at him behind protective goggles. Rosie's face is almost entirely hidden by it. 'You were going to throw it away.'
'Sherlock, this is fantastic!' he beams at the detective. 'Do you think it will suffice?'
'You would know all about efficiently murdering someone.'
'Noted.' John replies with a smirk. 'By the way. I don't want end up in a situation where I press anything. So you don't… ever?'
The tricky part is cleaning the blood from the carpet. Despite all the incidents that 221B took place, John is surprised to realise none of them involved people bleeding at them. Even when Moriarty paid Sherlock a visit the main activity was drinking tea and playing mysterious around terrible riddles.
'Just a scratch, I'm fine. Mind the glass.'
'For god's sake, first Irene now this,
Todd quickly loses interest in him when he realises Sherlock is not there to compete for Keona, whatever that means for a creep like him. He has a bike chain lock in his backpack, and uses it to shackle Sherlock to the feet of the bathroom's cabinet under the sink, after bringing him down from the rooftop with the knife secured against his throat. He closes the door and leaves Sherlock bleeding on the floor.
Sherlock sort of massages him while John kisses all over his collarbone. He then rests his face on Sherlock's chest and stays there, listening to his heartbeat, head coming up and down with his breathing movements. It's very soothing, and he remembers both of them were tired.
'Marmalade too?' John answers while putting the kettle to boil. He decides for coffee against tea. Sherlock rolls his eyes so dramatically John fancies he can hear it.
He swallows. 'I'm sorry. I really am. It wasn't supposed to happen this way. Why didn't you call me?'
Sherlock doesn't keep the flinch from his face. 'What do you mean?'
If he was Sherlock he would probably want to know how, but the only question he can formulate in this moment is why.
to him. 'I'm Keona Douglas. He was looking into my case. He was going to set a trap on my stalker in my house yesterday, but haven't been in contact ever since.'
Undeniably he couldn't hold a candle at Sherlock's ability in this, since he had years of use. He also wasn't as disciplined as Sherlock, but he had been in medical school, so he gave himself some credit. He decided to start low, and make advantage of his already extended medical knowledge. He would build some cabinets to it in a humble bungalow.
He barks a wet laugh. 'I never slept peacefully beside her, to be honest.'
Sherlock rolls his eyes back as another wave of the drug crosses his brain. He gets agitated, breathing laboured for a couple minutes. Then he stops, and appears to go down. It takes some moments before he opens his eyes. John approaches him. Sherlock regards him very softly, and his whole face smiles at him. 'Miss me?'
Sherlock looks surprised, but nods and smiles softly.
'Why? Breathing is boring?'
. Mycroft murmurs 'Oh, Sherlock...'.
Today has been a good day, though. He had given an advance notice for the clinic, and has contacted the jobs Sherlock listed for him. He is going to have two interviews next week. Also, Rosie has said her first word today.
A smile is already arising in his traitorous lips, and he tries to keep the chill before ascending the stairs. He can hear the faint sound of the violin, but not the usual I’m-trying-to-murder-by-noise typical from the periods in between cases, or the melancholic and agonizing melodies characteristic of the depressive episodes. He comes up slowly, stopping by the open door.
John bites his tongue.
'What's the point of
'Now you're just mocking the scientific method.' Sherlock doesn't pay much attention to him, writing on his clipboard. Rosie throws the stuffed giraffe on his face for the third time in the morning, which he apparently doesn't register. 'Her capacity of holding light objects is quite average for her age, which is satisfactory.'
'Sherlock reacted poorly to Victor leaving. I can't attest, but I guess he tried to contact him for months. He was depressed and started using class A drugs. I don't think he started only then, but I'm sure he hadn't been using during the couple months I knew him. His social skills were worse than ever. Some talking about my promotion was developing in the corridors, so I gave him an ultimatum. He stopped using and I would put him on real cases.'
She looks a few years younger, but she has the same haircut. The photo seems to be from a CCTV screenshot. There's a yellow post-it glued next to it, reading
'You implied.'
'Yeah, screw that, don't pretend you are not deep inside the situation. And they want you to go on a mission in Eastern Europe
'I just want the best for you.' he says looking smaller than he should with all his pose.
'I'll take it Martha, thank you.'
‘I wouldn’t mind that too.’ Sherlock replies breathily, seeming surprised. ‘If it’s the right beard. Just don’t bring back the
'John, wait,
John knows no nonsense voice when he hears it. 'I don't know. She left. There's a note and everything in my pocket if you let me show you. Her phone is also here'
'And then she'll go to Cambridge.'
'Ann-Mary. She is not who I thought. She is a completely different person and I only disclosed her a month into our marriage. She...' he searches for a proper word. 'lied and lied and lied. In huge proportions. I told her I had forgiven her but I can't. This will never work.'
He finishes typing the directions to Sherlock very anxiously. He doesn’t really register the route they are taking and suddenly they are in a hospital. Paramedics appear to put Anna in a wheelchair, and John explains at the reception what happened. They take her away and he’s left instructions to wait in another room not at the hall.
'Well,
'Mary, don't you think we should start buying things for the nursery? The closer it gets to the due date it will be harder to find an opportunity'
'What you just said to Mycroft… not good you know.'
He invested money he didn't have in the cabinets, it was his mind after all. They were classically made of thick dark wood with carved flowers, and sophisticated golden door knobs. He envisioned himself sitting at the sofa just staring at the living room many times until it was familiar enough. Then he started to fill the cabinets. His data was abstract of course, but somehow thinking about putting it in a solid place made it tangible.
He carefully passes Rosie to John, and takes his phone from the coffee table, typing quicker than John could ever try, as usual. 'What are you doing?'.
-- * --
Enduring they talk about nothing is almost unbearable. They used to talk about nothing in particular at Baker Street, when their life was practically one. John doesn't want to hear him suggesting baby names. He doesn't want him saying the East wind or whatever that means is taking him because he's unworthy. The mention of Eastern Europe speeds up the rate in his chest (Serbia? Georgia?). Six months. John fears he will have a panic attack if he keeps looking at Sherlock.
He sobs a bit. 'Forty minutes ago. Was on bus. Wanna vomit. Everything is orange.'
For someone so impatient with slow performance and intolerant of obtuseness, Sherlock was a surprisingly good teacher. John had been correct when he assumed the process was similar to meditation, but instead of clearing one's mind, he ought to compartmentalize information in categories and subcategories. Picturing this as rooms of a house was in fact a way to activate visual memory, which is the easier to remember.
Sherlock smiles at him in a way that makes John want to touch his face. 'Well, we have at least two years of sleep to catch up then. Lay back down.'
'I should have.'
John sighs and braces himself. 'What is it?'
' he grimaces, producing a myriad of chins John would never stop finding funny.
‘You could say so. But it’s absurd! He said himself he would never have something with a woman because he’s gay, but there’s this woman and I can’t
'Ok. I'm just going upstairs with her lunch.'
(See the end of the chapter for
John doesn't answer, because he's still turning over something he doesn't know how to put in words.
'And yet in the end the choices weren't yours.' Sherlock says. 'You weren't responsible for any of that. It's not your fault.'
'Oh please, don't look like that. Daddy is so excited!' Moriarty smiled like a cartoon villain. 'I have a biiig project for you all. It will be… quite explosive!' he giggled.
'I should get a brush...' Mrs. Hudson starts, looking at the mess on the floor.
Sherlock stands up, hands on his waist. 'I buy you litter and
He does have a memory issue, probably due to the amount of videos he takes and never uploads to a cloud storage. The main subjects are obviously Sherlock and Rosie, with individual and paired categories. He scrolls back to when Rosie was still a baby, Sherlock gives her a bath and she splashes water and soap right over his face. Mrs. Hudson nearly collapses of laughter.
On the tenth day Sherlock is perusing the children's TV shows options. Of course, Rosie is still too young to pay attention to TV, but Sherlock claims it's research so he knows the more adequate material when the proper time arrives. He finds out about Peppa Pig, and to John's consternation, gets fascinated by the cartoon.
So what if they are more comfortable with each other now? Everyone is content. Domesticity is blissful. Moriarty is dead, and Sherlock is back.
'Quite happy.' Sherlock raises an eyebrow to him. 'Anna said that you wouldn't shut up about him at home.'
He doesn't update his blog anymore, but he created a forum for them so people could send their cases to be evaluated. Sherlock started to prepare several new monographs to post on his website, by John's encouragement. It turns out the hits received are bigger than ever. John is still trying to convince him to re-upload the tobacco ash analysis.
'Right.' then more firmly. 'Right. Yes, I think I can. I'll go pick her up, give me half an hour.'
this. But she's not leaving, and I don't trust her.'
'So… that's why you were at his flat for months. But you came back to her, why?'
'I know what you're doing, Sherlock.' John warns cheerfully, holding a spoonful of apple and banana puree to Rosie. 'Stop scratching the stiches.'
Sherlock looks back at Rosie, brushes a lint on her baby suit. John closes his eyes for a second, inhaling sharply. 'Sorry. But honestly, I don't trust Mary and I don't fancy having people looking for our house and making Rosie vulnerable. And I may be an idiot but she's not, she knows her steps and won't divulge any of them.'
That got John’s attention. For the first time since Sherlock started exposing Anna-Greta’s past, John looked at his face. He still looked like shit, and the moderate administration of morphine made him spasm with pain minutely every once and then, fine sweat covering his brow and fists clenching when he wasn’t looking. It would be dramatic to say silence was heavy, but that never actually happened in a hospital. Sherlock’s monitors beeped softly.
'To be honest, I'm not entirely sure he came back home yesterday. He has been arriving late for some days now because of the case.' Mrs. Hudson tells him in a worried voice. He passes Rosie to his other arm to relieve the left one.
Christ
'Yes, I'm very much aware. But you're wrong. I'm not ashamed of being in the spectrum if that's what you mean. I "throw the sociopath card" so people don't treat me like you do. That's what people like you do, try to coddle like we're inadequate and incompetent. You know something, Mycroft? I'm anything but. So would you please STOP?'
'No.' he cuts him, thinking how rude it is that they are talking in front of her without her understanding. 'Please tell her what I said.'
knows he mostly wants to get off with her, and after coming back to England everything going on (or not) in his life contributed to having a very long dry spell. She's a smart woman, with a kinda funny bone in her, and seeing him getting increasingly frustrated by her push and pull technique must be hilarious from her point of view. And yet, he reached the sofa so the bed must be coming soon. After the whole chinese circus kidnapping episode, the fact that she keeps it going is a good sign of her resilience to people like him.
'Well dear, I do want to know how Sherlock is, I was going to pop up yesterday but you seemed so tired...' she tsks and sits at Sherlock's chair.
‘Few weeks by now.’
Silence falls awkwardly as the elephant in the room flees. John and Sherlock just stare at each other, the latter showing a worrying pale complexion and the first ignoring his bitten tongue. Sherlock finally gives in and sits on the sofa, not looking at him. John notices he's positioned right in the middle, as if discouraging him to come closer.
Blast-induced barotrauma is quite common during wars. Its first ever medical description in fact came from the First World War, when it was originally thought only the lungs were affected. Soldiers with no uncovered injury would lose their sight and hearing, some temporarily and some permanently, and evolve acute respiratory distress thanks to exposure to bombs. Later on, studies realise the whole body can suffer from the biomechanics of a blast.
'Humour me.'
John is pretty sure the dust from the finalised work on the flat had been broomed off. Still, he feels the sand when he walks. And it keeps growing in volume. He gets another broom, trying to put it away, but the sand just doesn't move, just as his frustration builds up.
He doesn't exactly approve this but complies anyway.
'But I don't understand the purpose of the video at all.' he replies, confused. 'Why get attention like that when she could be working underground?'
She goes back inside without answering.
'Could you fetch Rosie from her sitter and take her to Baker Street? I'll explain later.'
- reply to APPLEMANIAC - JOSH
‘You didn’t kiss her like this.’ he mumbled against the pale skin.
She sighs and looks back down. One would think she was regarding their daughter's contented face, but John knows she's checking how close the bottle was from emptying. As soon as it does, she passes Rosie to him and goes to the kitchen to put the bottle in the sink. The routine is: John feeds her the bottle (when he's home in time), makes her burp, eats dinner Mary has cooked, puts Rosie to sleep and washes the dishes.
-- * --
'Oh and there's more!' she smiles sarcastically. 'Get off your moral high horse. You've killed people illegally before, you're just too stupid to make money out of it.
For all purposes, Sherlock is again his inspiration. Hating dealing with hierarchy and bureaucracy, he creates a brand new profession and self-employs. This is not an easy road for anyone, even for brilliant mad gorgeous geniuses like him.
John understands why Sherlock avoided taking him to a hospital when he was drugged. If it found a way to his record, there would be an official inquiry at work, and he could lose his license. Molly's screen test had come back positive for LSD, so Sherlock's choice made sense, it's a narcotic that one can't do much beyond waiting for it to wane, and it doesn't leave traces on the organism. Too convenient for people to believe he hasn't been taking the stuff regularly.
gains his attention. '
Harry hadn’t received an invitation.
'Wait!' he surges forward. She looks skeptically at him. 'I realise I haven't been… very kind to you. Since everything happened. I'm sorry for that.'
'I see lots with your profile around here. Feeling stressed, wanting to chill out. Boxing is great to do that.' she smiles at him. 'Just take care not to strain yourself ok?'
He looks up at the doorway she's leaning on, one arm crossed over her belly and the other raised at eye level so she can inspect her fingernails. 'What you mean?'
His lacerations were caused by the changing stalls he had been leaning against when the bomb went off. His whole left side had been inflicted, and a piece of wood had wiggled its way into his side. Not deep enough to reach organs, but the skin had been badly torn. Luckily for him, the stall curtain had fallen over his body which mostly protected him from burning injuries.
'Here.' John arrives back at the living room carrying a tray with tea and mashed vegetables for Rosie. 'I think she's hungry.'
'All right, mate.' Greg raises his brow to him, accepting the beer. 'Gimme your best shot.'
'And tell them what?' she replies sardonically, 'Explain why there are people wanting to kill me? Expect they put me on victim protection?'
'Sure, and I'll be there to pick up the pieces even if you don't admit it! My efficiency at work would be
. 'No, I don't want that. And please don't let Mycroft or anyone else in my flat without my permission.'
It's strange to fill the respondent's space. He snorts at the irony of the question "The Respondent’s current name is" for someone with a myriad of names. The current one she was using? Mary Watson. Her real one? Anna-Greta Regina Agnes. "Current one" is indifferent to its legal veracity?
you?'
'Pay attention to what?'
Two punches on the kidneys, a kick in the legs.
It wasn't the baby's fault in any capacity the crap of a mother they had. They were John's blood. Of course he would stay with his son ou daughter. And surely he could not trust Anna-Greta to take care of this.
Unpredictable is a word.
'Everything was wrong.' he says. 'I don't--' he clenches his fists, shaking his head at the floor.
with that pig of a man my way, much shit wouldn't have happened.'
All went smoothly as usual. She shot the motorcycle tires, and before he even reached the pavement there was a bullet in his head. It took some maneuvering but Rachel managed to put him in the boot of the car, and the bike in a dirty alleyway.
It was still raining at 9pm; the house was dark and quiet.  Candlelight wasn’t bright enough for him to read by, so he went to bed early and slept fitfully.
“It’s highly unlikely I woke up from your stare alone. I must have heard you.”  John closed his eyes again.
“Probably nothing, unless they were doing it with a donkey. Then he might want to join in.  Actually, there’s so much on these sheets they might as well have been.  I’m surprised the ceiling’s still clean. It’s like an explosion in a sperm bank…”
“Ideally, you should have a tuba designed for left-handers.  Take your left hand, here,”  he says as he positions John’s hand, “to support the lean, like this.  Good.  And your right hand will go here, your thumb through this ring.  Good.”  Sherlock steps back to check the positioning.  He frowns, makes a few more adjustments and declares him all set.
They sit in silence for a while, the fire crackling and popping between them.  They’d chatted all through dinner; now, they sit companionably, enjoying the complex flavours of the vintage wine.  John realises Sherlock is the only person he’s really been able to do this with: just sit, in silence, without any need to say anything.  Just enjoy each other’s company.  There are no expectations.
“Luck has nothing to do with it.”  He flung his legs over the side of the bed and handed the mobile back to John.  “How’s your brother faring?”
Sherlock considered.  “Are the chips any good?”
The officer noted John’s name in a little notebook.
“What will we do when we find the guy, Sherlock?  All the evidence would be circumstantial at best.”
Chapter 8
Panting, John looked up at Sherlock, who was smiling, his eyebrows raised in surprised admiration.
John gaped.  So much for keeping his body under control.
“The average person farts fifteen times a day,” John supplied helpfully.  “On average.  Some more, some less, depending on diet and genetic disposition.  It’s a sign of healthy gut flora.  Or lactose intolerance.”  He shrugged.
“True,” said Sherlock.  “But I don’t believe in coincidences.”
I tell people they are idiots quite frequently for not being able to observe what is obvious.  Perhaps I am unfair (perhaps? ha!) because most people have allowed their senses to become dulled out of necessity.  Humans, bombarded with noise, learn to tune out others’ conversations, the hum and buzz of city life.  We dull our tongues with scalding coffee and too much salt, synthetic sweets.  Vision weakens due to the impact of time, genetic factors, and the constant bombardment of UV light. Our olfactory receptor neurons, however, remain fairly acute, and if we simply paid more attention the signals they send us, we would be a finer species for it.
Odd, thought John, and climbed back into bed.  He slept well the rest of the night.
John coughed.
“Better stop,” he said, lifting his head from his arms and turning around.  Sherlock’s wet hair curled above his brow, the shadows casting his cheekbones in sharp relief.  The water rippled and caught the feeble glow from the wall sconces around him.  There was an underwater light at the far end of the pool, enough for John to be able to see Sherlock’s body, his long legs as he trod water, the dark ‘v’ of hair between them.  John reached out and drew their faces together for a kiss.
could possibly ask you for a favour...”
The week following the Case of the Skewered Scotsman, Sherlock occupied himself with an experiment while John explored a hypothesis of his own.  Unwilling to use his laptop (which Sherlock still frequently borrowed when he couldn’t be arsed to get his own), he began investigating his newfound interest in bottoming by watching gay porn on his phone (which Sherlock never borrowed as his own model was a later upgrade).  He’d seen it once or twice before while drunk and found that it wasn’t necessarily the specifics of the videos that helped get him off; rather it was just watching --and listening-- to people fucking, regardless of gender, that aroused him.  His imagination would usually take over from there.  He didn’t ever search specifically for certain acts, and he had his old standby hetero porn, a collection of 20 videos or so, that were familiar and reliable.  It was time for something new.
John tried to hide his embarrassment but felt the heat creep into his face in spite of himself.  “I am incredibly uptight,” he said with a laugh.  “That, and I’m not sure I’ll ever enjoy anal sex.  Had a bit of an unfortunate experience with a substantial rubber cock.”
“I wouldn’t dream of it.”
There are times when grown men will regress to twelve-year-old boys.  For instance, if boobs are involved: instant loss of maturity.  Or if their favourite football team scores one in the final seconds, a victory dance that might resemble flailing or a seizure might simply be necessary.  Even the most reserved of men can’t help but make a below-brow penis joke if there is one there for the making.  Even fewer can restrain themselves in the face of flatulence, which is why, when Greg Lestrade, Detective Inspector, let one rip there in the car, there was nothing to do but, well, regress.
“Yeah.”  His eyebrows came together.  “You?”
John wiped tears from his eyes with the heel of his hand before looking back at his friend.  Their eyes met.  “Mad wanker,” said John, smiling affectionately.
“I’ve got my hands full.  Come and open it.”
For the first time in his life, John felt completely lost and directionless, and, worse, utterly alone.
.  In the morning he washed the welts with vinegar.  He had a gentle hand.  Nothing had ever felt so painful or so comforting.  That was the day I discovered my skin, John.”
“Hello,” he said.  “I’m James.  Shall we get started?”
Oddly enough, he now found himself wanting to share that quiet with someone.  Lestrade was decent company, but the chemistry of a good mate just wasn’t there, not like he was friends with his old pal Damien back in university.  They had been true friends, almost brothers.  They hadn’t been lovers, but if John was honest with himself he’d be a fool to deny that he’d loved Damien dearly and perhaps not strictly in a platonic way.  But Damien got married and moved to the States and John hadn’t heard from him again.  And then there was Murray -- his friendship with Murray was...more complicated.  His loss was still a void John wondered if he’d ever fill.
“I don’t have anything with me and you’ve lured me out under false pretences to show me your holiday home?” John asks, but there’s no venom in it.
“Excellent idea, John,” said Fantasy Sherlock.  “Now, where were we?”
“The name is Sherlock Holmes,” said the man in the bed, not bothering to extend his hand for a formal introduction.  “And I’m a brilliant high-functioning sociopath with a drug problem.  Nice to meet you.  Now get the fuck out.”
John waits for the point.
that,” John said bitterly.
“Jam.”
However, it simply would not
“Please tell me you’ve read Masters and Johnson’s studies on the human sexual response cycle.”
But what if he didn’t?  John could hear it now:  “Yes, John, I concur that we should progress our relationship into the realm of romantic as I do find you pleasant enough and of sufficient, if fairly average, intelligence that I would be willing to remove my clothes so we may achieve mutual orgasm.”
John was getting impatient himself.  He’d done all the necessary preparation and used nearly half a bottle of lube.  Maybe it was just years of denying his bisexuality that was holding him back, something buried away in his psyche.
Sherlock left.  He took the motorbike and disappeared.
“I thought you said he fell from a ladder?”
“No.  Just heading to work.  Was wondering if I could pick something up for you.”
The shopkeeper grimaced.  “It’s not easy being a father.  Sometimes you can do everything right, but still not be what your children need.  The Holmes boys took after their mother,” he said.  “Do tell Sherlock I said hello.  Give him that honey.  Sweeten him up a bit.”
Sherlock blinked.
“Yeah.”
Jesus, Mary, and Joseph.  If John didn’t take that moment, that beautiful moment where Sherlock had bared his skin and his soul, he knew he was never going to get another one.  His heart in his throat, John took Sherlock’s head in his wet hands, pulled him close, and kissed him.
“Of course.  I know everyone.  Quiet little thing.  Well, he was, until he grew tall and learned how to argue.  Then you couldn’t shut the boy up.  He’d come in with his father sometimes when he was little.  I heard through the grapevine that he’s back at the house.  Been in some trouble, most like.”
“No,” she said sadly, “but we will.  As soon as Sherlock’s gone, I’m sure Mycroft will find a buyer, and then…”
Mycroft looked down his nose at the proffered shovel before walking over to the corner where the plum tree once stood.  “Forget-me-nots,” he said.  “Appropriate.”  He took a deep breath, and for a moment John could see emotion on Mycroft’s face, relief, maybe even contentedness.  He turned, and oddly, stuck out his hand.  John shook it.  “Thank you,” he said.  “For this.  Our father would have been very proud of both of you.  As am I.”
“You know what I’m trying to say.”
“You had to work fairly early this morning, however, so you didn’t stray too far: last night you went to the Sugarmill.”  Sherlock narrowed his eyes a bit.  “With a man of which your mother would not approve.”
“Sally,” said John softly, “If your father killed Sherlock’s father, wouldn’t you want to know?  Wouldn’t he deserve justice?”
of the...?” he flapped his hand, unable to articulate the carnival of colour.
“Now Sherlock,” she said after a few minutes of small talk.  “You and I both know you don’t do social visits.  What would you like to speak to me about?”
“How?” John asked, hoping Sherlock could figure it out.  He was rather beyond coherent speech.
“Fuck you,” Andrew spat from where he’d landed on the ground.  “You fucking broke my arm.”
John loved to masturbate.  He always had.  He became an expert around fifteen years old and hadn’t stopped since.  He loved the way his penis (of average length and above-average girth) fit in his hand.  He knew just the right ways to pleasure himself and found no shame in it.
She shook her head in the negative.
Yet they tick on, our bodies’ metronomes.  I place my palm on his chest.  My heart aches with love; it throbs with life.
He and Lestrade looked at each other before reaching simultaneously for the window buttons.
“Maggie did.  I think Suzanne may have a few times.”
He’s five years younger than I am,” he said, and began to pick up the cards.
“No, you never do.”  They rode the last few streets in silence.  “Look,” said John as they neared their favorite Thai place, “there’s something called the Internet, Sherlock.  Use it next time you want to see living people with their clothes off.”
“Wait - John Watson? The blogger?  Oh!  Oh God.  Then that’s...” - she nodded in Sherlock’s direction.  He was unscrewing every single bottle of shampoo on the wall of products and smelling them.  He didn’t bother putting the caps back on.  “
“The first night I met you, you told me to fuck off,” said John, leaning against the doorframe.  “You had a fucking tapestry over your door.  You’d been screaming your head off.  Heard you all the way downstairs, you know.”
going to compete for John’s attention with a prematurely gray, frequently-incompetent, twice-divorced, closeted smoker, tooth-whitening, flatulent detective inspector who frequently needed a consulting detective to do his heavy thinking.
“He punched me in the face.  And I do believe you dislocated his arm.”
“No, wait, you’ve got it all…”  John reached for Sherlock’s arm, which he shook off.
Birds?  Only one came to mind.  “Um, the robin,” he said, standing up.  “Excuse me.  Need the loo.”
John chewed a fingernail.  A blog.  That didn’t seem too unreasonable.
Sherlock is lying flat on his back, one arm tucked under his head, the other around John, who is snuggled into his side, tracing patterns on Sherlock’s chest with his left hand.  His fingers eventually wander up toward Sherlock’s lips, where they trace the curves and dips.
“Indeed,” replied Mr. Leybourne, gesturing towards Sherlock with his half-empty gin glass.  “He says you do consulting work and are a detective of sorts.  I must admit, I do so enjoy a good bit of sleuthing!  I’ve got all the Agatha Christies.”
“I know.”
BOXING DAY
John could count on one hand how many times Sherlock had ever said anything of a personal nature about sex.  His curiosity overcame his fatigue.  He opened his eyes again and stretched.
Later that night they sat in the sitting room in their respective chairs, Sherlock on his laptop and John reading the newspaper.  John was focussed on a story about the spread of a new virus in South America when Sherlock made a noise.  A surprised type of noise, a little exhale with just a bit of sound.
John wanted to say something along the lines of, “How much has changed,” but thought better of it.
“Really?” said John.  “I love it.  I haven’t done it in a while, but there’s nothing like target shooting, really.  I learned in the army,” he added, as a conversational gambit.
Sherlock huffed, sighed, muttered, and flopped back in his seat.  “Juvenile, John.”
“You need a wall,” said John as Sherlock rifled through documents.  “Like they do in the films.  A big space where you can tack all this up and see it clearly.”
“Before I met you I hadn’t hadn’t had an erection years.”
John catalogued the sensation, felt the shiver run through his body as Sherlock licked at the spot.  “I’m not...no, actually, that’s, that’s...not above the collarbone, okay, I’ve got to go to work tomorrow and…and…ow!”
“Why don’t you just ask him?”
They came to a stone bench, where Sherlock sat and waited for John to do the same.
“Right.”
“Maybe I just like the way you say it.”
Nothing about supper turned out to be intimate; it seemed the entire village got wind of their presence in town and had come to bid them farewell.  What should have taken an hour turned into three, and by the time they made it back to the hall, it was growing dark.
He grabbed his clothes from where he’d left them in the changing cubicle, slung his towel over his good shoulder, turned around...and ran directly into Sherlock.  Where on earth had he come from?
“He loves me,” said Sherlock, voice deep and evocative.  He licked his lips nervously before tossing the petal away.  “He loves me not.”
That night, as he tried to fall asleep, he thought of Sherlock’s glitter experiment.  John knew exactly what Sherlock was talking about.  How many times had he found shiny stuff nestled into the pores of his face, microscopic prisms that had danced on a woman’s eyelids and cheekbones.  He liked a woman barefaced, without the artifice, but there was something to be said for the allure of shimmery candyfloss lip polish, the allusion of lips plump and painted with saliva...or come.  Of course Sherlock would be curious.  John knew that men explored makeup as well.  He’d seen men in drag, but never thought the exaggerated features were attractive. He thought of Sherlock fully made up, with teal-blue eyeshadow and bright coral lips.  The thought made him laugh.  But no, Sherlock would probably be good at it, like he was at everything he actually put his mind to.  He’d make up his eyes, then, rimming them with dark kohl.  Maybe something shiny on the ridge of those cheekbones.  Clear lip polish, with tiny flakes of glitter.  John could picture it now: he’d come home and find Sherlock looking like some high-fashion runway model about to hit the catwalk in an avant-garde art performance.  “I’m wearing three types of shimmer and four different glitters,” he’d say clinically.  “Now, hold still.  I’m going to rub my face on you.”
“No.  Not good.  Look, I really have learned to live with feet in the refrigerator but...personal space, yeah?  I know you have very little concept of privacy..” -  Sherlock scoffed at that - “...but leave my body out of it.  Everything in this flat is fair game - most of it’s yours, anyway -  but this,” he gestured at his body, “and everything that comes out and off it is mine.  Mine, Sherlock.  Not yours,” he added, just to be clear.
“That’s for launching ships, love, so no champagne bottles.  And I wasn’t talking about a name.  I was thinking about sex.”
“But why,” said John, rubbing at his mouth and thinking, “would Mr. Donovan want your father’s buttonhole?  That doesn’t make sense.”
Epilogue: 221B
gravitate towards Sherlock, in spite of his personality quirks, bad habits, and frankly atrocious manners.
Sherlock, apparently mollified, attempted levity.  “Unless you dislike them.”
Sherlock laughed at that, a deep chuckle. “Noooo.”  He drew out the word into nearly three syllables.
“Oh, hell,” moaned Sherlock from somewhere up on the bed.  “Fucking hell.  Oh John.”
“Multiple reasons, likely.  Fairly sure he’s an exotic dancer of some type, but not as a day job; hands callused from hard work, building trade likely, given the weathering of his face and backs of his hands but not his chest.  There were tiny contusions on several places on his back and on the backs of his legs, likely from friction, cloth being removed by force; contusions caused by velcro fasteners as it was ripped in apart during a performance.  The removal of his chest and back hair would be for aesthetics.  Yet a stripper would have no reason to completely remove his pubic hair, or the hair under his arms, for that matter.  Unless, of course he wanted to.”
The two women staggering with the weight of a room’s worth of pillowcases, duvets, sheets, towels and valances had worked at Willow Cross longer than almost anyone else.  Both local villagers, Joyce--good natured, if prone to unsolicited advice--was entertained enough by the antics of the guests and staff, whereas Sam had worked at Willow Cross since she was 15 and made no secret of her desire to see the big world outside.  Despite this, she’d hated every second of her single visit to London, confiding to Joyce that it was “overwhelming, overpriced and over fookin’ rated.”  Navya liked them both, although they were strictly workmates.
“I can show you first before I post.”
“My hero,” says Sherlock, and means it.
“Sherlock?”  John finally turns and looks at his friend.  His family.  His future lover.  Sherlock’s face is very pale in the moonlight. John can tell he’s overwhelmed with happiness.  They both are.
“Excuse me.  I’m a doctor, and pardon me for saying so, but you don’t look like you’re feeling well.”
But Smith did not focus; instead he began to shake, his speech completely disintegrating into keens and howls.  Watson was in the middle of applying the tourniquet when he heard a desperate cry for backup, the crackle of a radio to his left.
Sherlock turned it over, opened the front cover, closed it, and looked at John.  His mouth opened and closed again.
Sherlock closed his eyes as if it were painful to express just what he was feeling.  He released the words quickly, before he could retract them.  “I want to
And indeed, John can hear it.  It’s a droning sound that goes on and on, warbling obnoxiously.  “What the hell is that?”
“Waking you up.”
John marvelled at the new technology; it had been so long since John had been in a proper lab, and everything looked so new and different.
He could have as many minutes as he needed.  John looked down, between them, seeing Sherlock’s cock, hard and nearly purple between them, his balls nestled up against John’s pubic bone.  Oh God.  They were
cute.  It was simply the truth.  You couldn’t argue with the truth.  Sherlock kissed John’s nose again for good measure before snogging him properly on the mouth.  John had discarded his earlier outfit in favour of just his pants and t-shirt.  Sherlock’s fingers found the hem, his hand sliding under it.  “Be naked,” he implored.  “It’s best when you’re naked.”  John’s skin was always smooth and warm and glorious against his own.
“Yeah.”
“It just doesn’t make sense.  She should have those diplomas on the wall, or have started her own practice instead of staying here.  Even so, she manages the spa.  Couldn’t she just offer acupuncture as one of the packages?  Something’s going on behind those closed doors she doesn’t want publicised.”
John laughed.  “You never noticed?” In the weak light, John observed his friend.  Not just saw, but observed.  His jacket and jeans were smudged with colour.  His curly hair, which he’d promptly fluffed after pulling off his helmet, ruffled in the gentle breeze.  Features that John had initially found rather odd-looking -- his eyes, cheekbones, mouth-- had somehow transformed into something of otherworldly beauty.  He’d always found Sherlock interesting, but he’d learned so much more about him today, how complex he actually was, how very...human.  John looked at his own dust-stained jeans and smiled.  Sherlock Holmes had literally brought colour back into his life, and he would be forever grateful.
“Yes, you did.”
John wiggled the tip of his middle finger inside -- and came off like a rocket, his stomach muscles clenching so hard he nearly doubled up.
“Could I speak to your sisters?”
John finished his tea.  “Thank you, gentlemen,” he said, shaking both of their hands.  “You’ve been very helpful.”
Rosie sits across from them.  She doesn’t look shocked or scandalised.  Instead, her lips wobble and her eyes fill up with tears that quickly spill over.  “I don’t know what to say,” she says, sniffing.
Testing his clean jaw with his fingers, John contemplated Sherlock’s earlier confession.  How many times had he seen Sherlock emerge from the bathroom, clean-shaven to a fault.  How many times had he studied the angle of his jaw, curvature of his lips, jut of his adam’s apple, the tiny moles gracing that smooth, pale skin, shaved clear of hair just for him, just in case.  The thought was endearing but also rather sad.  How much time they had wasted...
John rolled his eyes.  “No, really.”
“Is this about the time of your ‘diagnosis’ you seem so fond of?” John asked.
“No.”
“Mmm.  Did you find anything?”  John made to sit up but heard Sherlock shuffling out of his clothes.  John moved over to make room for him.
He’d honestly expected a stout northerner, complete with thick Yorkshire accent, not this bird of a woman who sounded like a Londoner and fussed over him like a grandmother.  She hung his jacket on the coat stand before rubbing her hands together in anticipation.  “You’ll be wanting to see your room first, I’d imagine.”
“No, listen.  Don’t interrupt.  Perhaps he is completely rubbish at relationships and can’t imagine why anyone would genuinely have romantic feelings toward him.  He knows his own limitations and shortcomings, after all.  Perhaps he finds these things...sentiment, emotional attachment...just as difficult as you do.”
“...tell something about how long it’s been in the water…”
“Donovan’s files,” muttered Sherlock.
John shrugged.  “I hope so.  The interview went well.  Going to have to find a place to live, though.  The pay’s OK, but it’s only a couple of days a week, so somewhere fairly cheap.  I really just want some peace and quiet.”
It’s been seven days since our last liaison.  The case was gruelling and found us keeping long hours.  Research that led to nothing, trails that went cold as soon as we’d got close.  An elaborate scheme to rob the elderly ended up being something rather more sinister, and by the end of it, four were arrested and John was fuming at the care -- or lack of, for that matter -- the people at Somerset Manor Elderly Care Home were receiving.  He seethed during the arrests, then finally muttered something under his breath and stepped into doctor mode, directing the care staff (most of whom had nothing to do with the criminal activities) to bathe patients and treat bedsores.  He finally declared that the whole place had to be shut down; he was so upset that I texted Mycroft and assured him the Care Quality Commission would be around the next day to sort out new placements for the residents.  It was an emotional affair, for both of us, leaving us little time to even think about taking care of ourselves.
__________________________________________________________________
So, yes, Sherlock Holmes is a snorer.  But only if he is flat on his back.  He has since learned to catch himself, rolling himself over upon first snort, subconsciously still wary of John “Wild Elbows” Watson.  But sometimes, exhausted after a grueling case or a particularly vigorous shag, he’ll be too far gone to even notice.
It might be nice, though, John thought as he rested on the mossy stone bench near where he’d dumped the weeds, to move past that, the frantic gropings or semi-frequent dates that were pleasant but not exhilarating.  Not marriage, no.  But something real, something deep.  Maybe that’s where his next battle was, where he’d be called upon to be brave and bold: negotiating his own heart.
“We were in that hotel, with the surveillance…” he pants out, between thrusts.
John’s mouth parts; his index finger points to his own teeth.  “Poppy seed,” he says again.  “In your teeth.  Between the right centre and the lateral incisor.”
“I’m sorry, Mrs. Hudson, I can’t come right now.  Just...I don’t know.  Hang on.”
A memory rose like a bubble in John’s mind -
“Heavy lifting?”
“Fine,” John said at last.  “Then I’m out.  You can stay here in this place yourself or take on someone else.  I heard someone.  A real person, screaming fit to wake the dead.  Don’t tell me that it’s my PTSD or my imagination.  I know what I heard.”
John pocketed a box and went to find Sherlock.
John felt at peace as they toured the rest of the garden.  He showed Sherlock the wild places that he couldn’t really do anything to without power tools and pointed out where he’d planted new spring bulbs.  Sherlock spent a good 10 minutes explaining the forensic importance of pollen.  Eventually they ended up sitting on the brick patio by the birdbath.  Wild thyme had taken up residence on the right side of the patio.  John hadn’t removed it, and now it grew in abundance, green and fragrant.  John stretched his legs out and leaned back on his elbows, enjoying the sun, before reaching out and picking an overhanging daisy from the mass of them to his left.  He spun it idly between his fingers.
Sherlock lifted his torso so John could sit, and then arranged himself with his head in John’s lap.
“Jesus Christ.  Fucking a muff.”
“The very one.  Turns out he was not as adept at falsifying wills as he was injecting elderly women with diamorphine.”
Sherlock shrugged.  “Morality isn’t really my area.  But it’s yours, isn’t it?  Helping people?  Invading Afghanistan?”
Thuckata-thuckata-thuckata
John looked up when Sherlock didn’t respond.  He was gazing oddly at his laptop, his eyebrows drawn together and head tipped down in the way that gave him multiple chins.  “No, it’s.  Just something.  Nothing in particular.”  He abruptly shut the computer.
“Right then,” said John  as they pulled up to the grand reception entrance.  “For once, then, do as I say and try not to get us kicked out.”  He wanted to laugh at the absurdity of the situation.  “You know, Sherlock,” he said, popping his back as the driver gathered their bags, “I
“SHERLOCK!”
“No, no we can’t.”  John didn’t know whether he was amused or horrified by the suggestion.
“£250.”
Sherlock remained stalwart on shore.  He looked amused, though.  John treaded water and looked at him, how handsome he was with sunkissed cheeks and wind-blown hair.
“Did you find anything on the shoes?  Fibres, or special dirt?”
He waited a moment, making sure everything was still fine by Sherlock, before sticking his nose directly into Sherlock’s scrotum and inhaling deeply.  Sherlock’s smell
“OK, fine.  Nothing important, all right?  This is just kind of...well, it’s something I’ve wanted for such a long time and it just felt overwhelming there for a bit.  It’s just, it’s good, you know?  Good things don’t happen to me.  Nothing ever happened to me.  Until you.  God, that sounds so soppy.”
John watched Sherlock’s face drain of colour, and as he sat up to shake James’ hand, he noticed that it was not even remotely weak or tiny. Just as well, as James was nearly as tall as Sherlock and probably twice his weight.
“I gave her top of the range noise-cancelling headphones a week ago.”
“It’s a strange physical feeling,” continued Sherlock.  “Love.  I’d never actually believed that love manifested itself physically.  But I can feel it now.  In my chest.  In my groin.”  He swallowed.  “It makes me feel...possessive.  And, strangely, simultaneously giving.”
John took the medical records to the leather chair that he’d unofficially claimed as his and scanned through them.  “He doesn’t see the doctor very often.  Throat infection...elevated blood pressure...high-ish cholesterol, but nothing unusual for a man of his age and drinking habits...family history of heart disease.  Says nothing about
The skin, the sunburnt shade, freckles, hair,
John frowned and nodded.  The kettle made little noises as it heated, but otherwise the flat was still and quiet.  Outside, a car hooted its horn.  “May I ask whose?” he said at last, with a horrible suspicion he already knew the answer.
“That’s fine,” said John.  “It’s not like it’s going anywhere.”
John swallowed.  Might as well ask the tough ones.  “Am I an experiment?”
area.  Do
Sherlock rolled his eyes.  “You heard me.  I do detest repeating myself.”
“He won’t eat that,” she said, waving her hand.  “He hasn’t eaten anything.  It ends up in the toilet or on the floor.  Four of our good china plates -- smashed to pieces!”
“Nothing?”
“Overly-confident?”
Sherlock exhaled a long, shaky breath.
I start with the flat of my tongue, a slow licking.  His smooth skin is so hot on my tongue, hotter than his penis even, that forbidden little part.  None of his female lovers did this for him, I’m positive, and it gives me a thrill of pleasure to know I can fulfill him in ways that no one has before.  The first time I did it he squirmed and wriggled and begged, asked me to stop, and then berated me for doing so.  I actually brought him off like that, his arse in the air as he fucked his own fist.  “Jesus fucking Christ,” he swore, after.  “That should be illegal.”  I was going to elucidate to him prior laws concerning homosexual acts but was quickly distracted by his own capable mouth returning the favour.
“Yeah?”
His body somehow got what it needed to sustain that great and obnoxious brain of his, and he refused to heed John’s suggestions about how that great lump of grey matter may actually function better if he took better care of it.  The great detective seemed to simply ignore the needs of his body, and, much to John’s chagrin, seemed determined to thwart John from the needs of his own.
thought John for a horrified moment.  He didn’t know why he was feeling so awkward.  It’s not that he had anything to hide.  There was no way Sherlock could know about the quasi-romantic feelings John had harboured for Damien, or that time with Murray, right after a particularly nasty skirmish with a rogue group of insurgents.  It was a stress reaction, brought on by a brush with death. He’d loved Murray as a brother; their sexual liaison was a one-off born out of a desperate need to rejoice in the simplicity of living.  He’d told no one, and now that Murray was gone, no one on the planet knew except for him, and not even the great brain of Sherlock Holmes could see that far into his psyche.  He hoped.
“Doesn’t make it less true.”
“I understand the principle,” says John.
The waiter appeared with the bottle of Cabernet Sauvignon John had ordered.  John didn’t bother to taste it, but looked to Sherlock, who approved the vintage with a nod.  He hadn’t expected Sherlock to want a glass, but he accepted.  When the waiter reappeared, John ordered the steak he’d been craving and was surprised when Sherlock--who hadn’t glanced at the menu--asked for monkfish.
“It’s...I can’t...How do people
“You know, I think that’s plenty for tonight,” muses John.  He crosses the room and slides the curtain aside.  It’s very dark outside.
“On the contrary,” said Sherlock, leaning in to place his wet lips to John’s ear.  John shivered as Sherlock’s hand trailed down his side.  “On the other hand, let’s stay in.  Can I touch you?” he whispered.
“Just do it,” Sherlock muttered into the mattress, bossy as usual.
During acts of love, flesh was beautiful, all types, sizes, and colours.  Combine his love of the flesh with practised and knowing hands, and John Watson made one heck of a lover.  Quite simply, he made women feel beautiful in their own skin, for, under John’s attentions, it
Sherlock sighed and propped himself up on his elbow.  “This room was used for guests when I was a boy,” he said.  “We didn’t have them frequently, and I liked the big windows.  It was a nice place to read.  Quiet.  Before it was redecorated it was very... pink.  Like being inside a rose.”
That had been around 4pm.
“Oh God.”  John breathed out as Sherlock lifted up a bit only to come back down and move his hips in a slow circle.  “Your arse, Sherlock.  Jesus.  Move back up a bit, yeah, like that.  Can I touch it?”
In his spare time, John worked in the garden he now considered his, pulling up weeds, wrangling with vines, and cutting dead wood.  All of Sherlock’s roses got a good trim.  They now looked scraggly, like newly-shorn sheep, and John was afraid that he’d killed them outright until new growth began a week or so later, tiny pink leaflets forming on the remaining stems.
The blasting turns into scales.  He slides out from under the covers, throws on his dressing gown, and half-trips down the stairs.
John tapped a bit on Sherlock’s head.  “Re-decorating the mind palace?”
Sherlock shot him an irritated look that plainly said
Molly laughed.  “She might be.  I think there’s a nest around here somewhere.  She’s probably making sure you don’t bother her babies.”
“...some evidence bags to put this” --he rubbed the slimy green growth on the side of the boot-- “filamentous algae in; I might be able to…”
“I’m not eating; I simply ordered.”
John dusted his hands on his jeans and sat in the chair by the window.  It was getting dark.  “You know,” he said, realising that it might be forward of him, “I don’t think for a moment that you’re really a sociopath.  I do, however, think you’re depressed.  An antidepressant might do wonders for you.”
Sherlock said nothing.  They stayed there until the moon was high overhead, bathing the garden with a pale, watery light.
The items with sentimental stories John kept, and even a few items that Mrs. Hudson said she didn’t want found their way back.  A plain brown envelope revealed delicate notepaper from the 1950s.  A book of children’s poetry published during WWII.  Black and white postcards of Paris, Rome and Tunisia, sent to ‘My dearest Martha’ with love from ‘Daddy’ in faded sepia ink .  Clip-on mock-pearl earrings.  An enameled pill box, lined in velvet and smelling of jasmine.
“Fifty-seven,” said Sherlock.  “Not including the cupboards or utility rooms.”
“Apparently.”
He takes a step forward, then another.
“You’re exasperating, you know?  If it matters, I’m rather concerned.  You think you know a man, and then it turns out you know nothing whatsoever.”
“He sounds like he was a great man.”
John smiled as he brought the empty tray back to Mrs. Hudson, who couldn’t believe it all returned in one piece.
“Brian Holleran.  Girlfriend did.  They’ve got a long-distance thing going on; she’s in Edinburgh during the week, see each other at weekends..  Noticed he’d been missing payments on things, bills piling up, letters from debt collection agencies.”
John frowned.  Where was he coming up with this awful dialogue?  “Not helping,” he murmured.
“Tim Baron.”
, thought John.  He wants physical touch, wants to feel loved.  Their lovemaking earlier had been exotic and fueled by lust, but it hadn’t fulfilled whatever Sherlock needed.  John shimmied out of his own clothes and tossed them toward the foot of the bed before returning to his position as the little spoon.  Sherlock embraced him from behind, wrapping his own lanky, warm body around John’s smaller frame.  “Better?” he asked.
“I do hope you brought the motorbike,” said John.  “My
When Sherlock dies, John takes the mouthpiece.
“Maybe.  I hope not.”
“Method of hair removal?”
John smiled apologetically when they were alone.  “Sorry.  He noticed.”
They looked at each other and laughed.
John frowned some more.  The whole thing smelled fishy, but it beat the hell out of staying with Harry or taking up residence at another bedsit.
Owens began to look pale.
.  He settles on Vaughn Williams’
“I should be brilliant more often,” said John, smiling shyly.  He still couldn’t believe this was happening, that he was not only allowed to touch, and even kiss, the person whom he had believed had absolutely no desire for any skin-to-skin contact whatsoever, much less touches of a more intimate nature.  John loved kissing, and the novelty of kissing Sherlock might never wear off.
The second and third attempts with the dildo were just as unsuccessful as the first.
“Bit dry.  The tobacco ash part, at least.”
“Twenty years ago or so.”
“I don’t know.”
“Dodgy spa practices, indeed,” said John, licking his lip.  “OK, I see that there’s something going on here.”
“And do what?  Go for a walk?  Have a look at the horses?  Roam around the library?  Have scintillating conversation with the housekeeper? Dull.  Dull, dull, dull.”
“Running, occasionally.”
The third day dawned hot and muggy, and John spent the day with Lestrade outside, trimming the front hedges as several gangs of labourers tramped in and out of the front entrance.  John’s shoulder ached and he was in a foul mood, swearing every so often under his breath as he attempted to clip a woody yew tree into a smooth silhouette (and failing).  By 3pm, he was completely knackered and in need of a drink.  Lestrade suggested meeting at the local pub in an hour, and John took him up on it immediately.
“You did answer the advert, Doctor.  And you are in need of a place to stay, correct?”
John’s heart skipped a few beats.
The first thing he noticed was the lack of anything that smelled or looked like renovation: no paint or sawdust, no carpentry tools or ladders.  He listened intently, but heard nothing more.  Turning the corner, John risked shining the light down the long expanse of corridor.  No ghosts there.  And no building work, either.  The wool runner under his feet was clean.  A table in the hallway was dust-free.  Odd.
Sherlock rearranged himself a bit in the chair, shifting to find the right angle.  “Can you put your hands on my hips?” he asked.  “Yes, just like that.”
“Of course,” replied Sherlock, and said nothing more.
Knowing Sherlock, he’d either address the awkward foot incident immediately in a frank, straightforward fashion, take a passive-aggressive approach, or ignore the whole scenario as if it hadn’t happened.  John would prefer to just talk about it and get it over with, but he figured that was unlikely to happen.
“Sorry!  Sorry.  I called your name.”
He came, but couldn’t enjoy his orgasm as he balanced between ecstasy and overwhelmingly intense discomfort.
“Shh.”  Sherlock nuzzled at the skin between John’s leg and groin.  John could feel Sherlock’s stubble, just sandpaper, rub against his leg, felt his breath coming fast and hot over his skin.  “Stop talking.  I’m watching your scrotum.”
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed.  “Yes, you are,” he said as the train slid to a stop.  “I’ll pick up something.  You head home.”
“Still.”  Sherlock took a sip of his own whisky, savouring it.  John had only seen him drink spirits a few times.  In general, he avoided alcohol altogether, despite his considerable knowledge of it, complaining that it damaged brain cells and made it difficult to think.  Tonight, however, he’d knocked back the first measure before taking his time with the second and now third.  “I doubt my parents would have even noticed I was missing,” he said, “but Mycroft would have.”
.  I’m just interested,  that’s all.”
“The vast majority of people on this planet are idiots,” added Sherlock waving his hand around to designate everyone in the general vicinity, John included.
Right now John is snoring in the cab.  Case finally solved, we’re heading home.  It’s three am.  We’re both exhausted and in need of some food, a shower, and twelve hours of uninterrupted sleep.  That, and sex.
“To what?  The house?  What a ridiculous notion.”
“Morning,” he mumbles.  He pushes me out of the way just enough to yawn and stretch with his arms above his head.  His mouth works in a funny little circle (rabbit chewing) before he lowers an arm to rub at his face before gathering me close to him.  I throw a leg over his body and continue my slow rutting.
By the time the concerto concluded, Sherlock had managed to pull himself together.  He even joined in the standing ovation.
They laughed together for a very long time.
After a moment of staring into nothing, Mrs. Hudson pulled herself together.  “I don’t know why I told you all of that.  I need to learn to keep my mouth firmly shut.  Bit too late for that, though, now.  Now, Dr. Watson, you can unpack” --she gestured to his bag-- “and get freshened up for dinner.  Can you find your way back?”
“Me too,” he said.  John put the napkin back on his lap and smiled softly.
“That I don’t doubt.”
Sherlock smiles at him.  John smiles back.  The air is charged.
“In a romantic sense?”
“No.”
“Yes.”
John inwardly grimaces.  He despises the name Rosamund but Rosie fits his daughter well.  He hates the new nickname; it’s a constant reminder that his daughter is no longer the little girl she once was.  While he’s glad she’s independent and proud of the young woman she’s becoming, there’s still a part of him that clutches to her babyhood, those nights she’d sleep on his chest, or those days she’d hold his index finger as they’d stroll through Regent’s Park.  He’s never been the type to dote on small children or bemoan their aging, but there was something about being so needed that agreed with him.  However, fatherhood has been exhausting and often frustrating.  Even though they got on fairly well, loved and needed one another, raising a child alone was not the life John had envisioned for himself.
“I’m John Watson,” said John, suddenly feeling flustered and completely inadequate with his stupid limp and his stupid cane.
Sherlock considered.  “There’s always work.  London is never lacking in criminals, and a few of those are bound to be
!”  He yelled this last bit loud enough for it to echo through the room.
“You OK?” he mumbled, rolling over to face his lover.  It was still new to think of Sherlock like that -- his lover -- but it was true nonetheless.  It had taken so long, but they’d finally pulled their heads out of their arses and got their act together.  Sherlock’s room became
“Didn’t you want to at least go out and interview him?” John asked afterward, still in awe of how Sherlock connected data together to form an incredibly accurate picture of a probable scenario.  “Just to confirm his story?  Maybe she’s actually in trouble.”
She wipes her nose with her hand.  “What about Baker Street?”  She sounds genuinely concerned.
Blink.
He pulled out his phone several times, not knowing exactly what to do with it.  Eventually its battery ran out.
John shook his hand cautiously.  “Mr. Holmes.”
he thought, and quickly complied.  He rested his chin on his hands as he spread his legs apart and let his body drift away from the wall and into Sherlock behind him.  Relaxing, he savoured the sensation of his bollocks hanging suspended in the water and the contrast of the cool environment with the warmth of his erection.
John’s eyes widened before he threw back his head and laughed too, both of them dissolving in a fit of giggles.  He really would have been concerned if he had walked in on Sherlock divesting himself of his anogenital hair.
he thought,
“How are you feeling?” asked John eventually.
, John thought to himself.  “Look, Sherlock.  It’s…”
“Sherlock.  Ask him what to do about them.  They’re his roses.  He
“OK…?”
Sherlock stood, held up his hand, commanding silence.  A muscle jumped in his jaw.  “You’ve been in the garden.  My
“Shh, John.”
“Mycroft’s done it.”
“Anthea.  Hm.  Very nice.  Unusual.  Pretty.  Sounds Greek.”  He paused.  “Are you Greek?”
John was happy.  So simple, really.  They’d returned to London, without fanfare, just the two of them and familiar routes and the comfortable feeling of returning home.  And if their hands brushed
love me,” he said, surprised.
“You loved Mary.”  Sherlock’s voice is gentle, honest.  “I loved Mary.  Rosie would have loved her, too.”
“Tell me what you see.”
The stylist was clearly put out.  God only knows what Sherlock had said to her - or done back there.  “I’m really sorry,” John began.  “Did he tell you who he was?”
“Yeah.”
John turned so he could see Sherlock’s face.  In the golden lamplight, he looked very serious, mouth turned down and eyebrows drawn together.  He held John’s gaze for a moment, before his lips curled into a sly smile.
“You all right, John?” asked Mike.  “Look a bit sick there.”
John perused the documents and found nothing.  “If he does have flat feet,” he said, “it must not have troubled him enough for him to need orthotics.  What we really need is to see one of his shoes.  How do we do that?”
“Hey.  Are you OK?  Lillian told me...”
In which John tests the waters and gets his feet wet...so to speak.
“Amateur!”  Sherlock scoffed.  “The police don’t consult with amateurs.”
“No.  Stop.  Just...no.  Not Molly.”
“I’m not sure if ‘murder’ is the proper terminology, but I have sufficient reason to believe his death was suspicious.”
Silence descended upon the flat.  John breathed several times just to make sure he could before closing the laptop.  He looked up.  Sherlock’s eyes were still closed.
Purple is such an interesting colour. Could be read as vibrant or gothic, depending on the person. Sherlock looked great in purple. Even in a sexual way, John can admit. The purple irises are intent on him, and suddenly they are not purple anymore but black, as the pupils dilate and occupy the whole eye space. The cat's tail lifts up in the air as they stand up. They give a little step forward, waving their head towards John.
'She would ask for the right to see the child, and authorities would give her. Everyone is partial to the mother. I don't want my kid to grow up with their mother in prison, can you imagine school?'
She drops the smile. 'You don't decide whether I live or not with my daughter, John Watson.' she retorts, and he can't even recognise her anymore, with the new hair and new makeup and new clothes, and the face of someone who once held a gun to his face thanks to a smoke a mirrors trick by the one and only Sherlock Holmes. 'You went after me when I ran away to
He looks around to check for any cars before crossing to other side of the avenue. He lets a bus and two cars pass by and pushes the bike again, when a motorbike crosses quickly in front of him. 'Excuse you.' he mumbles between gritted teeth to the man's back.
'I won't even ask how did you get opiates, but at least you're only looking at it.'
John smiles. ‘Thank you.’
Greg gives him a
Mary shrugs, the sides of her mouth pulling down for a moment to match her shoulders. 'I haven't seen her in three months.'
And he hasn't really started to think about the months he would have to spend living with her. Again.
'My people saw her withdrawing money and taking a train.' he decides to change the topic. 'It's highly probable she changed trains and even identities to leave the country inconspicuously, as she has a history of that strategy.' he looks out of the window. It's very dark outside, and he can't discern any movement.
-- * --
As soon as his shift ends he goes to Baker Street, and he feels like it’s already becoming routine. Not long, he hopes, he will be able to say he’s going home again. His definitive home, where the most important people in the world would be waiting for him in the end of the day. His daughter and his… he settles for his Sherlock. No need to extrapolate this early.
Sherlock shrugs but washes his hands and hovers beside John on the counter. 'What are you making?'
was surprising) seeming very comfortable. Two men in their forties that she would bet being americans and an asian girl that clearly was the youngest there arrived just after her.
That gets Sherlock's attention. He raises his head confused and curious, but John doesn't give him the opportunity to read him. He holds Sherlock's face delicately, a hand on each side of the alluring cheekbones and closes the gap between them. His eyelids are already fastened when their lips lock.
It was the same motorbike that had been behind him at the clinic's street. He now realises that he had in fact acknowledged its presence close to him all the way from there, without paying attention. The pilot has the closed helmet on, and wears a grey jacket. The one who had been in front of the clinic, watching him. He now monitors any movement from the rearview mirror.
Besides, he has other problems to deal with.
'Basically, yes, before she restores the criminal organization in London.'
He steps into John's space, clutching at John's shoulders. John moves to hold him at the waist. They hear voices in the corridor. George had locked the door from inside after all. He's not expecting anything, and it's fine, really, but Sherlock murmurs 'I love you too.' close to his ear before moving away to open the front door. John just rests against the glass panel, arms crossed and a tiny smile in his face, watching Sherlock do his thing.
He swallows. 'I'm sorry.'
‘Thank you. I’m very grateful for that.
He doesn't sit at the sofa of his mind bungalow, pushing it until it was in front of the cabinet in the corner instead. He climbs it to reach the top shelf, where he deliberately the box so he wouldn't be able to pick up easily. It's locked as always, and he had convinced himself that he lost the key, but he stops being dishonest. They key is inside his pocket, had been there all along.
'Of course I care!' he exclaims. 'She was my daughter too!'
He takes the subway making stops at the places where Andrew West's body fell from a train, the flat where his brother-in-law killed him. He walks around Hampstead, feeling like maybe this is it. That maybe the cat was hanging around the murderer's egyptian cat, exchanging tips. The brother's cat hadn't been the murderer as John had thought (being biased by the context he had been in), but this one with purple eyes feels like a murderer.
'How? Everything that you've done since this shit started is shielding me from the big bad world! I've been literally sucking your energy for months!' he starts to speak a little more loud then he should.
He closes his box with tape and leaves. Diana makes a show of not looking at him. One more person that hates John, for Sherlock's list. John is sure he has a lot of fun compiling it. He suddenly remembers Mary had a bigger list than him, which he never set his eyes on. He'll ask Sherlock about that. He surely needs some laughs.
Quicker than John could react, Sherlock strides to the stairs, taking his coat haphazardly from the hanger. He hears the front door opening and closing (not slammed), but when he finds the strength to move his legs and run after him, he is no longer seen on the street.
I'M SO SORRY. But as I said on tumblr, people making my life difficult at work. I hope it doesn't happen again.
The inspector snatches the last crispy chips on the plate. 'You'd never say they would break up to be honest. I was detective sergeant at the time, and he harassed me in his typical way about how the DI of my unit was terrible at finding culprits of murders. He got most of it from the news, it was astonishing. But his hints were surprisingly insightful, and people started to pay attention at me for them, so I visited sherlock at his crappy flat in Soho now and then. Sometimes Victor was there.'
'Thought you'd ask.' he takes a folded newspaper from his jacket pocket. The picture is of the gymnasium where John was taken to, the pool where Carl Powers died. 'Look. The whole place exploded. They found a bunch of snipers trying to run away, but most of them were somehow injured or unable to leave the wreckage. They are all locked waiting for judgment. Firefighters made a whole strategy to take you out of there, the ceiling fell on you, but the stalls you were under mostly protected you from the impact. Moriarty now, that was a piece of work. Piece literally, there was not a single body member which was whole. Blown up to bits. We only identified him because of the snipers' testimony, which matched each other.'
Next one is for their appointment for the day. He sends a message asking for a postponement, due to unforeseeable circumstances that actually had everything to do with their scheduled conversation.
They stay as long as they can before going to the flat. The workers have already finished for the day, but the smell of sawn wood and dust permeates the air. At the foot of the stairs he notices Sherlock giving a pause to sniff the air by the doorway. 'Ah.'
It then evolves to a midtempo, a rather sensual melody, and Sherlock closes his eyes seemingly spontaneous. John remembers it's the music he's seen him composing months ago, when he was still living with Anna. He actually gets worked up a bit, licking his lips while watching Sherlock in his most suave form, swaying gently to the tune, huge hands holding the instrument lovingly.
, right over the scar and the nail dents. Sherlock makes a soft sound again at the back of his throat.
‘Well, not exactly. I… this will end soon. No prospects in there. I… have someone else with me.’ he gets it out before he considers not telling her.
She looks weary and disjointed, her complexion grey-ish confronting the white duvet covering her. She hadn't brought any clothes besides the ones she had been wearing, and they were probably filthy because John couldn't see them in the room. She must be using a hospital garb. There's also no bump protuberating under the covers, laid flat over her body. She looks at him defiant.
He registers the very faint sound of someone stopping in front of the closed living room door. The doorhand starts to turn very slowly. He gets up quietly, quickly checking around for weapons. John's gun is not at the flat. There is the the knife on the mantle. Before he can get there, Anna opens the door and aims a familiar gun with a silencer at him.
Oh no, there it comes.
(See the end of the chapter for
Two agents walk by them with Anna cuffed between them both. She's crying, and looks at Sherlock. 'You ruined everything. I hate you so much. I wish I had shot you right that night.'
'Things are
'I'm sorry, what?'
He just makes sure he is in front of the right stone, and avoids at all costs thinking too much about the name and dates printed on the black marble. Kneeling down, he opens the suitcase, and collects a water bottle, pouring it over the space in front of the grave. He pats the sand to make sure the soil is not over saturated, and removes all the fake grass covering it. Luckily it doesn't seem to be clay, but he can't say that for sure when he is deep down.
'You really didn't need to pay for-'
'John?'
'Solving problems.' is the dry response. She maintains eye contact with Sherlock. 'Keeping my family out of trouble.'
John just gives him a salute and hands over the folder back to Donovan, who is getting up to leave.
He finds soup and bread in the kitchen. He dines and browses the internet for a bit before going back to the bedroom. Anna is apparently already drifting off, so he turns the light completely off and joins her in the bed.
'Ta, Mrs. H., it's nothing.' he replies with a smile. 'We're coming up, good-night!'
Rosie pats Sherlock's leg as hard as she can. He picks up her music box on the coffee table and she takes it eagerly, and John sits her on the sofa so she can play with it. Sherlock seems a bit embarrassed, which is not on. He misunderstood John. 'You can show me, later.' he says at once before he chickens out.
'I have been watching the house since I found out her address. I never saw her leaving today, how is it that you know where she is?' he says waving the revolver around. Sherlock followed it with his eyes.
