He looks at the package again and thinks that it would be a real waste to throw it away; he can always open it and then try to sneak whatever object it contains into Sherlock’s possession. He hangs Sherlock’s coat up and then grabs the package and leaves for his own room.
“In the past no one were gunning for you, this could get dangerous and I rather not see you hurt,” Sherlock’s face betrayed nothing, “Just let me do this John,” he added.
“Children, which children?” Sherlock asked him, looking almost confounded, or as close to it as was possible for him to look; one curved brown, eyebrow lifted slightly almost creating a crease on his pale forehead.
John breathed in, then out through his nose watching the air escape in a white cloud. He was cold. It was just before Christmas after all and the weather was being its typical grey, miserable self. He looked at the metal downpipe by his side and could see little white crystals of ice covering the surface.
There was a smell in the air, Sherlock’s nostrils flared as he tried to place the fragrance. Magnolia he thought. A lady’s perfume he realised a second later. As he approached the desk; the chair swirled around revealing a familiar dark haired woman.
He swallowed hard and dared to look up, the rain was now pouring down but he hardly noticed the icy drops running down his neck and in under his jacket. His eyelashes had small droplets of water in them that reflected the street lights in a weird way.
Sherlock rolled his eyes in exasperation at John, “The dead man we fished out from the Thames, you remember him, could use a tan.”
John couldn’t take his eyes away from Sherlock’s hands; seeing his hands on him was driving him mad. Sherlock rubbed his thumb gently over the head every time he neared the tip, before stroking him all the way to the root. John felt each stroke as it brought him closer to the edge, he tried to fight it. He didn’t want it to end this fast but it was to no avail.
The kiss was careful at start, lips hardly touching and just the tips of their tongues meeting each other. Sherlock could feel John’s warm breath against his and he carefully moved closer, lips fully closing over John’s. John met him, step by step deepening the kiss, tongue reaching further; licking deep inside Sherlock’s mouth.
He looks up as John comes into the room, smiling crookedly.
John tried to keep his face blank but he found himself breaking eye contact with his friend quickly, hiding it by checking his watch. What was Lestrade aiming at?
“Yeah, I’m fine, not had that many even,” John tried a fake smile to go with the pub and straightened his back but apparently the fact that he could answer was enough as the landlord just nodded and pulled up a new pint pushing it over. He grabbed it with both hands and sank half of it in one go, and nearly fell off his chair. He saved himself in the last moment by grabbing hold of the bar counter, fingers sticking on half dried ale. His head felt full of wool and for some reason his limbs wouldn’t do what he told them.
What was he doing to John? Did his friend even know what he was doing? Was he in his right mind?.  Oh god what was he doing.
He pulled his collar up against the chill and waited. A wind came blowing down the street, wet leaves and bits of paper dancing around him in the breeze tugging at his coat.
“I’ve got no tea if that’s what you want,” The man mumbled grumpily at Sherlock’s back as he took his seat by the table.
John closed the door behind him and started walking towards his bus stop. His head hurt like never before and the day so far was reminding him why he never really drank much. His mouth tasted like the bottom of an ashtray mixed with vinegar that had gone sour and the light hurt his eyes. He wasn’t quite sure but he thought he might still be a bit drunk because that horrible, life wrenching feeling of angst which normally accompanied his hangovers had yet to appear. It would come though; a feeling of impending doom made him sure of it.
“I phoned Mycroft.”
John mumbled something non consequential while refusing to meet Sherlock’s eyes. He ate the rest of his food in silence and afterwards he pushed the plate away while turning to look out the window; outside darkness was settling early like a heavy blanket over the city. The days were still growing shorter as they neared the winter solstice.
He moved back to the other body and clear as day now that he knows what to look for he saw the ruined tattoo, not a birthmark after all, and moreover, he could almost make out the remnants of black ink, the faintest layout of a symbol.
They exited the club and John followed Sherlock up to a, quite clear to anyone, undercover police vehicle. As they closed in on it the rear doors slid open and Lestrade came out to meet them.
“Of course. I never act unless I am absolutely sure,” Sherlock says and has the audacity to look slightly offended that John could doubt him.
“... closed for renovations, it has been so for the last week, how can you not know that? It is all over the news and the traffic is unbearable because of it,” Lestrade replied.
It was a scar, one of those old ones people used to get when tattoo removal wasn’t fancy lasers which break down the colour pigment but rather were removed with a knife or burned away. Sherlock felt that familiar rush, like the most perfect high, filling him as things shifted and moved in his head, as the pieces of the puzzle started to reveal themselves. These moments were why he did this; when the world sharpened its edges and everything became clear, Sherlock lives.
“That is my Christmas present?” he asks hoarsely.
“Dead for 9 to 11 hours, cause of death a sharp object, probably a razor, which punctured the main artery in his neck,” John pointed at a thin, seemingly innocent, red line at the left side of the victim’s neck.
Later that night he came back, John was sleeping where Sherlock had left him, one arm hanging limp over the edge of the sofa. Sherlock stood a while looking down at him, moonlight from the window smoothing out all the edges and making John look impossibly young and innocent; this had to end. If he could just solve the case they could go back to how things had been before and forget all this.
A normal human contains approximately 5,6 litres and right now it seemed like this man had been drained of every drop. Crusted red and black on the floor and walls of the tiny bathroom stall, bleeding into the cracks of the worn tiles where it still hadn’t coagulated properly. The air was filled with a stale metallic odour which stuck to your skin and spoke of violent death.
“Enough of this,” Sara said and made a move as if swatting a fly, “His name is Peter Middleton and he is the one you are looking for.”
Two police officers fell in beside him and Sherlock as they started out. One was Tessa, the tall blond officer from John’s rescue.
“Although, these are modern pennies which don’t contain any silver, still, the gesture seems clear,” He put the coin in a small bag and handed it over to Lestrade.
His momentary anger drained away instantly and he forced his face to fall back into blankness. A look he had perfected over the last two years. Inside he was ashamed though, he was British after all and public displays of emotion were no part of that, not anger, not anything else. He cowardly took the next stop, even though it was not his.
He spun around, where had the man gone? He searched the crowd and a sudden odd movement in the corner of his eye caught his attention. There, a dark figure was leaving the room on the other side, how had he got there so quickly? John raced around the edge of the dance floor not wanting to go in the middle of what seemed like more or less friendly fighting going on; people throwing themselves at each other laughing and then doing it all over again. In the flickering lights from the strobes he almost missed the exit and had to stop himself short, just avoiding tripping over a youngster with a red Mohawk.
John got up, blood rushing through him, roaring in his ears. He did not hurt yet, adrenalin numbing any physical sensation, but he thought he would soon. He kicked Peter once to make sure he wasn’t faking it, but he was still, tongue hanging limp out the corner of his mouth.  He had done it, he had stopped him. John felt a distinct feeling of victory in his chest.
They reached Lestrade and Mycroft who clasped their shoulders and congratulated them on a case well done.
“I want you inside of me,” John said and it came out hoarse and needy, “Now, I need you inside of me now.”
John had blood in his hair and a crust of dried red covered half his face, the rest of his hair hung in limp strands almost hiding his eyes which looked dead tired.
“Will you tell me what you where about to say when Sara and the goons stormed in?” John said, deciding to just throw it out there, before he had time to dwell on it too much. It was the morning after and they were sitting in their own comfortable sitting room, John in his usual chair and Sherlock sprawled all over the sofa. Sitting up straight on furniture must have been something his parents overlooked during his upbringing. Each of them had a cup of tea in front of them; light beaming in on them from the window in thick, heavy rays.
“Come in, come in officer,” The man invited him inside, closing the door behind him, Sherlock walked immediately into the kitchen, opening the flowery curtains; a perfect view of the bus stop. On the kitchen table was a notebook and a pair of binoculars.
In a sense he was doing the same thing that he had been doing in the army, walking behind the devastation patching people up that got hurt in the storm. There it had been physical wounds, here they were mostly mental, witnesses frightened or people intimidated by Sherlock. Now John was at the centre of the storm, who would put him back together?
“The air hurts your membranes and dehydration is always a palpable risk. It was real though, the truest thing I ever saw. As I said, they tried to stop us, getting us away; they didn’t want us to mess with this. Because this was their history, not ours.”
John pulled at their last bits of clothing desperately to get them both completely naked, to get as much skin in contact as possible, to feel Sherlock against him. He wanted this to go as far as it could in as short amount of time as possible. No time to stop, no time to look back and no chance of going back afterwards. It had to be irrevocable.
“All of it,” Sherlock casually waved his slim hand while studying John intently. John cringed under the scrutiny, Sherlock in general saw too much.
All in all he has looked forward to spending the day alone with a nice cup of tea or with Sherlock in companionable silence. If he is lucky someone will get murdered and there will be a case, he realizes perhaps you should not wish for these things, but then no one can hear him, so maybe it is ok.
“What is this place anyway?” John whispered as he followed closely behind Sherlock.
The man walked rapidly and Sherlock unexpectedly found it hard to keep up. He increased the length of his steps, splashing cold mud around as he walked. They exited the park, the man and his shadow, crossing the street, barely avoiding the busy London traffic. Sherlock rounded a corner and the man was gone. Head spinning he rushed up to the next corner, where could he have gone?
“It’s ok,” John smiles, “I got the sweater, I’m good,” he fingers the soft wool to demonstrate that this was indeed a very nice gift. For a second he has a manic idea that Mycroft knew he had gotten that present for Sherlock and furthermore had known that Sherlock would not get him something and so bought the sweater and somehow had known that Sherlock would give it to him and that John would not throw it away but open it and ... He abandons the train of thought because it will most likely drive him mad and turn him into one of those gibbering people wearing foil hats convinced that the ‘government’ is after them. He is interrupted anyway by Sherlock.
He is mad, John thought, he has completely lost his mind. He had seen it before he realized, that day, but he had been too upset himself to be able to help anyone else. He had told his superiors what happened as they got back and they had asked no further. Peter had been recommended to go home, with a firm hand they had stated that England had better need of him at home. He had protested, come to John and screamed, calling him a liar and traitor, when John had only wanted to help him. That day the same madness had glinted in his eyes, but John had contributed it to the stress and the prior events.
“Well in my book the more they protest the more it rings true,” And this time she did snicker.
“Because you are here, even though your brother clearly told you to stay away from us. Or I believe ordered you for the sake of national security to do so,”
“Well it depends on what you mean by suspicious,” He hurriedly continued in a voice straining to be ingratiating, “At 8.16 there was this man who got pushed into the boot of a car.”
“I have to agree with Sherlock, I will not let this person, whoever it is, scare me into hiding.”
There was the meeting, at the morgue of all places, the astonishment as he realised just what this tall, pale man could do. Looking at the flat together and moving in, everything happening so fast John forgot he was supposed to be sick. Then there is a torrent of running, laughing, tea, and criminals; then of more intimate moments of heated breath, soft kisses, and stolen moment; of Sherlock being brilliant yet utterly ignorant and the two of them teaching each other about life and love.
A sudden pain in his leg made him flinch; he looked down and realized that he was digging his nails into his thigh so hard that he had drawn blood through the fabric; small half-circles of darkness against the heavy duty cotton.
John hated these moments when nothing Sherlock said made sense because now he would have to ask what floater and Sherlock would roll his eyes in exasperation at him.
It didn’t take long before the woman was joined by a man; tall and well built he had a similarly black umbrella pulled low, hiding his facial features. They greeted each other and Sherlock thought he saw a package changing hands, from the woman to the man. Sherlock made a split second decision and decided to follow the man as they separated, walking their own ways.
Suddenly Sherlock coughed, a broken, weak sound and John stopped, eyes wide and hands hovering an inch above Sherlock’s body, back bent in a painful angle. Sherlock cried out in pain as he resurfaced back into consciousness. John hurriedly put an arm behind him, gently helping him sit upright, easing the pressure on this chest.
Mrs Hudson seemed to understand him, or at least she never talked about the flat with him.
In the corner of his eye he saw Sherlock landing a kick to the knee of another man felling him to the ground. John came up on his feet again, dancing away facing his own adversary, who had now become two. He swirled to his left, taking a grip on the arm holding the bat as it came flying past, attempting to wrestle it out of the man’s hands. Before he had a chance of doing so he was grabbed from behind.
There was the killer, a man, connected to this religious organization. He assumed the dark clad men from earlier had been from the organization, were they connected to the murderer or not? It seemed to be the work of a lone perpetrator, but at this point Sherlock left nothing out.
“Yes, I was out here getting my mail when he ran down the stairs like he had the dark one on his trail ordering a car as he ran,” the old lady shook her grey curls at that. In her book, order and courteousness was the way to approach life.
“This is not my umbrella,” Sherlock answered and John could have sworn he was teasing him with that almost smile on his lips and was on the verge of simply walking away and leaving Sherlock in his mess when he sneezed again.
“Justice Doctor,” Again the same ugly twist at the word doctor, “Justice for all the wrongs done to me.”
The place was as run down on the inside as it had appeared on the outside. If it had been used for anything recently any traces were long gone. The only thing they found was some leftover junk from what must have been squatters; explaining the heavy looks on the door, maybe.
Work at the clinic was finished for the day and since he had a rare moment to himself he thought he would finish that blog post about the Case of the Pugilist Killer. He opened his word processor, took a sip of tea and let the warm liquid spread in his belly. He cracked his knuckles and started working.
Sherlock looks at him and slowly licks his lips and John almost gives in to his urge to just ignore this trying to do the right thing and just ravish the man, but he holds.
Putting the kettle on and turning around he found Sherlock on the sofa, hair plastered to his scalp, a puddle of wet carpet on the floor next to him where water was dripping from his hand hanging over the edge.
“Yes.”
John ran faster than he could remember having run before. Legs pumping madly below him, muscles strained to the breaking point, heart pounding so loud in his ears that he wasn’t sure he heard steps behind them anymore. Before him Sherlock ran, smooth and unhindered, long limbs flowing over the cobbled streets, constantly changing direction. John had no idea how he did it, he seemed to know every street, every intersection, and every passageway in London. John dared a quick glance over his shoulder only to realize that they were still chased.
“I haven’t slept well,” Sherlock tries, “I had a dream about walking up this never ending staircase. I simply walked and walked without arriving anywhere; most disturbing.”
Out of old military reflexes he did, as he rolled he felt air shift where he had been a second ago. Clambering up on his feet he came eye to eye with a man in black, pulling back to strike again with a shiny, new cricket bat. He rolled again, barely avoiding the blow; feeling it graze his shoulder.
Contemplating his options he decided to text back, carefully under the table. It only took half a minute until he could feel his phone vibrating in his hand, making his palm tingle. He peeked a glance, under the pretence of finding a new pen in the drawer.
“Can you walk?” Sherlock asked.
A small, dry little man opened the door, all corduroys and woollen sweater. Sherlock showed one of Lestrade’s stolen badges in his face.
John tried to see where Sherlock was pointing at the same time as he attempted to make apologetic gestures to the people they pushed out of their way as Sherlock forced a path through the horde of revellers. He finally turned around as he managed to free himself from Sherlock and careful not slip on the wet floor looked where Sherlock pointed.
Sherlock rips the paper off then; eager like a toddler and pulls out a leather-bound note book, the cover is handmade and engraved with Pythagorean figures, all triangles and angles and weird Greek symbols. John doesn’t really get them but Sherlock had made this long speech about the brilliance of the Greek philosopher and mathematician months ago and for some reason it had stuck with John.
The morgue was brightly lit. The fluorescent light from the ceiling drenched the sterile environment with its unforgiving intensity, emphasising the sharp edges between the white tiles and chromed fixtures.
Later in bed, he urged Sherlock on, lifting his legs to loosely circle his hips, hands palming at him feverishly, voice broken and begging. Sherlock obliged, letting John set the pace, holding himself up on both arms, sweat making ringlets in his hair, lips forming a stupid grin which John returned in full. John didn’t dare press him down against him for fear of hurting him and settled with his hands clasping onto the other man’s hips, eyes looking at Sherlock’s flushed face and red, bitten lips. He could die like this he decided, rocking against Sherlock, mind at peace and the world outside forgotten.
His eyes twinkle for a second and then he says, “It is still wrapped, you will have to open it yourself,” and he makes a small theatrical nod with his head and let go of John’s arm to indicate himself. John feels like he is in free fall and he has a fevered vision of undressing Sherlock right here and now and fucking him senseless into the carpet.
Two hours later he had produced all of one sentence, it looked pitifully alone and deserted on the blank screen. He leaned back in his chair reflecting on how easy life had been in the army, just duck if people were shooting at you and follow orders.
was all John’s confused brain could tell him as Sherlock started into his eyes. He tried to look away but only succeeded in focusing on his lips instead which only made things worse. Holmes’s breath smelled fresh, like mint. His probably smelled like old coffee, he should have brushed his teeth before he…
To his left in a small ally he saw the man throw himself hurriedly into the back door of a black Mercedes. Umbrella discarded haphazardly on the wet sidewalk.
Sherlock turns to look out the window, hands shaping a pyramid in front of him; he shrugs lightly and says casually, “You can have it.”
“I don’t think we have been properly introduced,” Sherlock said.
“Oh god John,” Sherlock says and bucks his hips up, voice hoarse and needy. John keeps holding, his thumb rolling in lazy circles and he bends forward, kissing Sherlock’s throat. He can feel his heartbeat under his lips, wild and frantic and he moans into Sherlock’s hot flesh. Sherlock pulls at his underwear and he helps him one handed, his other hand still gripping Sherlock, holding him firmly in hand.
Sherlock stopped for second on the huge white stairs of the Scotland Yard, “I couldn’t risk you giving the ploy away my dear friend.”
Lestrade was suddenly there, looking flushed and out of breath, he must have run up all the stairs from the basement.
“Of course,” his hand dropped back down form the ear piece the dark wig hid.
Stupid, so stupid, he thinks as he mentally berates himself. Eventually he has to put the cup down, hands shaking slightly as he does.
After that evening Sherlock had done his research and last night he had come storming up the stairs into the flat, almost pushing the officer on guard out a window on his way. Inside, he had said only two words, “Found him.” John had nodded, not replying and Sherlock had looked like he would come up to him, his arms hanging down his sides and hands twitching but in the end he had done nothing.
He turned around, determined to slowly and steadily walk out the way he had come. Someone was walking straight towards him, his mind had time to register the threat and dismiss it in the blink of an eye. This man was someone else, slim and obviously drunk, holding on to the wall as he walked. He was wearing nothing on his upper body and big chains circling narrow hips, the other hand trying to wipe away a strand of long black hair. Or, John thought confused, he was waiving the military sign for take cover, but surely that was his own mind playing tricks on him?
“I thought it was time you and I had a little talk, we have been observing your...” She paused as if she was searching for words, “...activities.”
John brushed fresh blood away from Sherlock’s cheek; it stuck to his finger and left a red, sticky smear on Sherlock’s face. Blood he thought, but so little of it, where was all the blood?
“Mr Holmes, how good of you to join us,” She smiled and nodded like he was a long expected quest arriving from the front door in the middle of the day.
Not daring to breathe he ripped Sherlock’s shirt open, hands clammy with sweat and maybe shaking a bit. Underneath it the matt black of an armoured vest appeared, the likes police wear.
Suddenly the spell broke as Sherlock pulled away, raising a hand to his ear.
Afterwards they lay still on the bed in a tangle of cooling limbs, with a blanked John had pulled over them; bodies sated and minds at rest. John traced a finger slowly down Sherlock’s chest; he followed all the little lines telling of great adventures and dire dangers. He could not help but to feel some trepidation, where would this take them? Could they handle it? For all his bold statements he feared that this would not be easy, but then things worth something seldom were.
-The End-
,” Sherlock continued. “Their reaction was to try and enlist me in their cause. They did not want the police to get hold of Peter Middleton, he knew too much about their operations,” Sherlock stood looking out over the table as he spoke.
“I’m sorry for you, that you had to see that.”
But thinking of John troubled him; recently there had been something different about his friend. Sherlock still hadn’t managed to figure out quite what it was that had changed but when he was alone with nothing to do but wait he had to admit to himself that he was worried; John had been pulling away. Putting up a wall between them that had not been there before.
It has been going on for almost a week now, the case. At every turn it seemed to grow more complicated and make less sense. Between this and his work at the clinic there were simply no time for such mundane things as sleep, so by now he was exhausted. Sherlock looked bright awake as always, his clothes and hair in perfect order, the man never needed to relax, nevertheless sleep or eat; he was inhuman in that sense.
They ran on, bodies in total sync, minds blank except for the thrill of the moment, both revelling in the adrenalin; the wet streets disappearing behind them as they ran. They where invincible and they could do this forever and ever.
John pushed away the empty carton of Won Ton and sipped his cup of tea. The mug was an ugly souvenir one from Wales and was missing an ear, it didn’t matter, the tea tasted great anyway.
The various participants in the meeting made their goodbyes and left, wanting nothing more than to be home or off to do the endless reporting and logging of evidence and facts that an operation like this generates.
And no, John most definitely did not mind!
Most of the time he was good now; life back to normal. Today was just like any other day, he had woken up, gone to work, had lunch alone from a plastic box that hadn’t been great but ok and now he was going home.
“I swear the attitude of young people now days,” Mrs Hudson shouted after him. It made John stop in his track. What would he do without her; he really should try to be more considerate.
“I’ve been better, but I’ll live,” He paused, putting a hand up to the feel the blood on his head, “Thanks you, all of you.”
Lestrade, dark bruises under his eyes from lack of sleep, left hand fidgeting from a bad coffee habit, had informed them that they were still trying to match the dental record from the last victim, so far without success.
“John, I...” Sherlock started and John looked searchingly at him, trying to read his pale face. As always those finely boned features were closed to him; had he doomed himself or were there hope? Sherlock got up, gingerly, and went to stand at his usual spot in front of the window. His shoulders seemed slumped, paisley dressing gown hanging loose.
John looks at the anonymous package resting on the table in front of him, “But,” he says. “It’s for you, are you not going to look who it is from at least?”
“True,” Sherlock adds and rises to his feet, the same strange expression in his eyes as earlier,
“Anyway I am stalling, me and Peter were out together on this scouting mission. Just in case anyone needed medical attention.  What we found was...”
Sherlock looked so cold, lips a sort or blue, grey shade, slim shoulders shaking involuntary from the cold. But as John’s fingers made contact with his forehead, for John, he seemed to be hotter than a furnace.
In the end John ends up making them egg on toast while Sherlock gets degraded to making tea. They eat in silence, John reading a newspaper. Sherlock doesn’t even try to start a conversation and every time John’s eyes glide away from the neat rows of text and on to Sherlock, which is a habit so old he has no idea how to stop it, he finds Sherlock looking back at him. Just looking, face blank and calm; it makes John immensely nervous. He has no idea what to do with it and it makes him feel strangely vulnerable.
“I’m sorry?” Confusion visible on John’s face.
Taking a deep breath he felt the caffeine rush through him, the doctor in him narrated the path the central stimulant took through his body. His hearth started to beat faster, the receptors for adenosine blocked, waking him up, and his breathing and blood pressure increased as the drug hit his system in full. As blood rushed through his veins he could feel certain parts of his body reacting more than were perhaps necessary. He needed… well he was a doctor and he understood his body, he knew exactly what it needed right now besides rest.
“And you did not report this to this to the police?” The look in Sherlock’s eyes could have started forest fires in India during the monsoon period.
He thumbs the tag over and thinks that, odd, it is his size rather than Sherlock’s. He shakes it and almost misses the note which had been folded up inside. He picks it up and reads,
Soon clues and intrigues were spinning their sweet web in his head, excitement coursing through his body.
He stares at the ceiling and wonders if perhaps he should have accepted his sister’s invitation and gone to spend Christmas with her. He turns it over for a second thinking how it would all play out and then he sighs; Christmas with Harry is not something he wants to put himself through. He loves his sister, of course; he just prefers to not spend too much time with her.
The cascade of memories goes on for a second or a year, John does really know. In the end he is glad rain is still pouring down his face.
Sherlock, looking ridicules in his tattered clothing, came up and stood beside. He tore of the dirt blond wig he had been wearing as he looked down on the woman and looked as if to speak when all hell broke loose.
John turned his head over and buried his nose in Sherlock’s hair, closing his eyes for a second smelling sweat and soap and behind it that smell which was Sherlock’s and only his. This was hard, but it was too late now, he had started and so had to finish, “I am sorry about how the war turned out. It was never meant to be like that. We would go in, save the day and get out and afterwards peace and happiness would swoop down on them as soon as the Talibans were gone. That was the plan. It seemed so easy on paper you know.”
“We found a grave; they had stumbled upon it during their road building. It was old but not so old that there were not people who should remember it. They tried to hide it, distract us so we would not find it, it was of an era long past anyway. They are practical in that way, maybe war made them like that, and who would it serve to bring these things up again. The people are already dead and nothing can bring them back.”
“I haven’t seen him today though,” He finally admitted when Lestrade seemed to wait for something more.
Sherlock, who hasn’t once shifted his gaze from John shakes his head, wet strands of hair wiping his forehead as he does, “No,” he adds as if to make his point crystal clear.
-oOo-
John swallowed; maybe the man was right, although he preferred to think of it as mercy.
Some kids had found the body playing by the Thames; that snaking river running through the entire city of London. The body had stuck underneath a bridge hidden from everyone but adventurous children trying to make a city of concrete and glass into a magical forest.
“John, are you even listening to me?” Watson was pulled abruptly awake as Holmes’s hand landed on his shoulder. He looked around the dark sitting room and realized that he must have fallen asleep for a second.
It went from zero to hundred from there.
John’s brain took this opportunity to return from its extended holiday. What was going on? He looked as Sherlock straightened up, turning his gaze back to John, he could see his lips, slightly puffy and still wet and suddenly he forgot what he had meant to say.
John leaned his forehead against the bus window. The glass was cool and soothing against his bare skin. Outside London rolled by at a slow rambling pace. Afternoon traffic had hit the streets and the red double decker bus crept forward. He saw bicycle couriers flash by, waterproof bags strapped to their backs, and people on foot overtaking his buss.
Outside was a high-ceilinged corridor with a worn marble floor. In the end a door led out to the street, dim light shining through the frosted glass from the city outside. Moving up the corridor he examined the other doors, four of them in total, one leading to a bathroom. Of the other three one had a well worn look, small chips in the paint around the handle, indicating that it was used regularly.
As Sherlock talked, face animate and gesturing as much as his ribs would allow John sat still, spinning his empty cup in his hands. At intervals their eyes would meet and John thought he saw Sherlock holding back a smile.
“We had a deal, you will live to regret ever breaking it,” She shook her arms trying to free herself to no avail, her body straining against the bonds as if she wanted to deliver revenge then and there.
“Yeah I think so,” John replied allowing Sherlock to help him up, “Can hardly move my arms though, no blood in them,” Sherlock started to gently massage John’s arms, running his hands up and down working the blood back in while John grimaced at the pain as knitted muscles started to loosen up and blood returned, bringing it’s friend oxygen with it.
“Not very nice Doctor, also quite stupid, always enlist the locals in a place like this. Haven’t I told you before,” The huddling and the heavy cockney accent gone and John nearly jumped out of his skin.
Sherlock looked at him, a strange burning in his eyes, “John, I...”
Sherlock slapped his hand down on the table surface, noise reverberating in the cubicle sized restaurant, prompting an apprehensive look from the short waiter as the sound echoed, “John, focus on what’s important will you.”
“Yes,” John managed to get out, trying to wipe his sweaty palms on his trousers while not falling over as the van lurched trough the London traffic.
And then his hands are on John’s arms and he is pulling him up, showing how much stronger he is than he looks. John goes with it, mind blank and everything thrown overboard.
So he focused on the burning muscle pain in his arms, the throbbing of his head, the parched feeling in his mouth, the shoulder that was starting to go numb from lying still on the cold floor for too long. That way fear couldn’t take over.
He let his gaze drift over the crowd milling about. The place was huge; six dance floors the girl in the wardrobe with spiky blue hair had told them. That was apparently very impressive as far as these things went. None of the other places they had visited that night was even close to this size; this place felt like a world in itself. In this dark place other laws rules and in the safety of the crowd people threw away their inhibitions and lost themselves to the night.
Peter managed to keep the gun steady as he ran a hand over his face. Sweat was running down his temples even in this cold, sparse hair lying in stripes over his scalp.
Sherlock closed the door to the flat on Baker Street behind him. He was glad John had accepted his apology. Now he knew that John saw them as friends foremost. It was good to have that mess straightened out he told himself. Now he could focus on finding this murderer. All those other things only got in the way and clouded his judgment. Love in his experience was a very inconvenient thing.
John sighed, “You should get out of those clothes before you catch a cold.”
He looked at it dumbfounded, “It’s a month left to Christmas Sherlock, and usually these things come attached to a gift of some sort.”
As they approached Lestrade and Mycroft so was Sara, hands shackled behind her. She was looking less proper, hair dishevelled and teeth clenched as if she was chewing gravel.
John shook himself and forced his attention back to the screen, he was going to write this post even if it took him all day. He typed a couple of sentences and then promptly deleted them again.
“Let’s go revel in the glory shall we,” Sherlock said with a crocked twist to his lips and started off to where Detective Inspector Lestrade was standing together with Mycroft, overseeing the whole operation. They looked somewhat stiff together, neither man entirely comfortable in the company of the other; standing as far apart as they could but still staying under the same black umbrella. It was held by a slim but tall man who had to be Mycroft’s. The man himself, black secret service suit, was ignoring the rain running down his shaved head, darkening the shoulders on his jacket.
“You see there is always a connection,” Sherlock crouched in front of a door and pulled out what John assumed was a lock picking set. He decided to take an interest in the graffiti instead, what you didn’t know couldn’t come back and bite you.
“I told you to run, I told you to run,” John cradled his body in his arms, he couldn’t believe that the voice repeating the same thing over and over were his own.
“That’s it?” John asks suspiciously. Sherlock rolls his eyes at him.
In those early grey hours of the morning he had vowed to himself to never think about this entire unfortunate event again. He was just overreacting, a result from being tired and lightheaded from not eating enough. After all, it had meant absolutely nothing.
“But what does it mean?” John asked curious, he had never heard of this group and he wasn’t particularly religious either except being baptised in the Church of England at birth, how could it be connected to him?
It’s enough up until the point when he grinds his hips against Sherlock who moans helplessly into his mouth. John breaks free and laughs and it might just be a tad on the hysterical side but he can’t care less right now. He pulls Sherlock towards the man’s bedroom because distance and time is of utmost importance right now.
The body belonged to a somewhat pudgy, white, middle aged man. He was extraordinary ordinary looking, except for the fact that he was grey as the river from which he had been pulled and slightly bloated from being in the water too long. He was wearing a cheap suit and nothing in the form of identification, they would have to wait for a matching missing person or dental records.
John spontaneously kissed her on the forehead, smiling at her, “Thank you, thank you Mrs Hudson. Where did he go?”
“You are the ones who kidnapped John, why would I trust you?” Sherlock let some of the anger from earlier be heard in his voice, making it sharp as steel. He was deadly serious and he wanted her to know it. It was also precisely what she would expect from him. She had expected him here tonight and so she knew he would figure out they had been responsible behind John’s disappearance, had most likely planed it. If he was lucky enough she didn’t realise that he had figured out why.
“What day did it close?” The intensity almost scared him, when Sherlock got like this, so wrapped up in a case, the usual polish he deigned to use disappeared and you were left with a being of pure energy.
John looked as Sherlock stored away his violin, hands stroking lovingly over the old wood as he put it in its case and a hole Watson didn’t even know he had inside him grew a little more.
“What do you mean that the body was not supposed to be found?”
And suddenly he was free; he leaped forward, aiming low, striking the cricket man to the ground with a shoulder in his abdomen. As he got up he saw Sherlock doing the same from where he had tackled the one holding him, a giant of a man.
Peter grew red in the face, a vein throbbing rapidly at his temple and John cursed himself silently.
He almost jumped as Sherlock spoke.
“What will happen after I track him down for you?”
Maybe ignoring things won’t make them go away John allowed himself to think and he felt his stomach sinking, maybe someone was actually after him personally, however unlikely it might seem. There was this dark shadow waiting at the edge of that thought, something wholly unconnected to Sherlock and John feared it would take him over if he acknowledged it. He had always believed that if he pretended things like this didn’t exist, like a monster under the bed, they would simply stop existing convinced by John’s silent treatment that maybe they had never been real after all.
“I suppose that is something normal people would do,” Sherlock answered letting his gaze fall on the grey miserable rain falling outside the window.
It felt like hours before he could calm his breathing down and he had to close his eyes to stop the world from spinning. Sherlock gave him time and when his breathing was back to normal untangled himself from John’s hold. He pulled out a handkerchief and proceeded to calmly wipe his hand before offering it to John.
John nodded absently as he studied Sherlock’ profile.
“Showers? You are rambling John, do you have a fewer?” In one quick stride Sherlock’s hand was on his forehead, cool and smooth. Watson reflexively tried to pull back from his touch but Holmes grabbed his arm and held him firmly in place with a strength that never stopped surprising John.
As they ran down the stairs, two steps at a time Sherlock turned to him:
“It is the best Christmas present I have ever gotten,” Sherlock adds sounding sincere and John blushes a bit even if he hates himself for it.
He circled slowly around dead man number two for what must be the eleventh time, looking for that something he was missing. He knew that if he just persisted then eventually they would talk to him, give up all of their secrets. It was just a matter of knowing what to listen for, and he was good at this, had always been good at this. Corpses had never disturbed him like they did other people; they never judged you after all. Wouldn’t stare at you sideways when they thought you weren’t looking.
Sherlock was boiling over, one feeling replacing the next so fast he had no time to identify and label them. For once Lestrade had not listened to him when he had wanted to go after John himself, he had even threatened to have him locked up for an unforeseeable future and Donovan had smiled from ear to ear in anticipation. There had been no choice but to agree to bring backup and follow Lestrade’s orders, however much it galled him.
The room turned quiet as they seemed to have run out of small talk. As the silence grew it became more and more oppressing. John frantically thought that he had to say something, anything. He wished for the thousand times that Sherlock would show his feelings like normal men. But the detective was as closed to him as always, standing with his back towards the window with early morning light crowning him in a pink halo.
“Mate, you better pay your due, or else,” He shook his head is if to say he was disappointed, a look hard as steel in his sunken eyes but John never got to hear what that else would have been.
“It is a bloody dog Sherlock, just a normal smelling, slightly scruffy dog.” He was surprised to hear that his own voice could be so calm when he felt like a whirlwind was trying to remodel his insides. He had a sinking feeling when he looked at Sherlock’s slim but powerful figure that things might just have gotten infinitely more complicated between him and his roommate.
“Good night Sherlock,” John turned around and walked slowly up the stairs even though his head was telling him to run away, and run away fast.
“What, I thought you said I had the making of a great undercover detective,” John teased. Sherlock continued down the stairs, careful in his steps as he tried not to irritate his broken ribs. He waved his hand out for a cab and as the car pulled in to the curb he said, “Bah, you are to honest for your own good John,” A fond smile took away any edge there might have been to it. They entered the cab and made for home.
Sherlock let go of his arm and began undoing his belt and buttons. John looked helplessly on, trapped in his own body, as Sherlock uncovered him, pushing cloth to the side, away and down. He thought he was going to choke as long, delicate, white fingers closed around him and a quiet moan escaped his lips, even though he pressed them together so hard it hurt, as Sherlock slowly started to stroke him up and down, his movement confident and deft.
Sherlock collected himself and the umbrella and decided to walk back home. Maybe a proper stretch would clear his head.
The sight of Sherlock draped over the outsized sofa is not something which should make John’s mouth go dry and heat flood to his nether regions. It most definitely should not. Yet even though John tells himself this many, many times every day his body still plays these treacherous games on him.
“...it was so much more, but at the time it was just one of those things. Things you see in war which when you are in it you just live through, because live through it is all you can do. These things which you have no control over happen to you and then you move on, you talk about the latest film and your family, because you have to continue living.”
John looked at Sherlock, eyes almost begging for forgiveness, not that Sherlock could give it, or anyone really. Sherlock didn’t offer it, far too clever for his own good John thought, this was just something he had to live with.
Sherlock quickly passed both the second and third floor, continuing up the stair in a flying pace. The floor was covered in construction dust smudged by footsteps, the grit scraped as they walked over it. Which floor? His thoughts were racing, where would they keep John? He rerolled the schematics of the place in his head; the place had six floors. He had counted seven on the outside he realised. They must be rebuilding the attic. Of course the attic, the seventh floor, seven which is a sacred number in many religions.
But John would not, not again, not this time. A frantic anxiety filled him, a feeling of it soon being too late. He knew that this was it; if he did not act now then it would always, forever be too late. The moment would have passed by, lost to them.
John wrinkled his nose in disgust which twisted into a yawn that in turn almost made him throw up as the foul smelling air was pulled down his oesophagus. He took a slow, shallow breath to get his stomach under control, mentally blaming the fact that he had not had his breakfast yet.
“Welcome John,” Glad you could finally join me for this little get-together.
He looked on in, he had to admit, slightly sullen silence as Sherlock rolled up his charcoal grey jumper sleeve and added a patch to his arm. He smiled in content as the alkaloid was released from its sticky home on the patch and spread in his system. John noticed that there already was one badge next to it.
The downpour softened the edges, making everything seem lit with grey light from within, yet it was all intensely familiar. With it came that old feeling that life had never been more right than when he had lived here, and now it was all out of order. Everything from his job to his white apartment, it was not his life he was living. Something was inherently wrong.
Sherlock reeled back. Everyone were right, all of them, he was a horrible person. John, the last one he wanted to hurt. John, still in shock and full of chemicals and here he was taking advantage of him, quite possibly ruining the best thing in his life while he was at it.
Then one second John was on top and his arm free, he pulled his gun and brought it down, grip first, with all the strength he had over Peter’s head. It impacted with a nauseating thud and the man grew instantly limp beneath him.
03.00 A.M.
Dawn was hinting over the horizon, promising warmer weather than this. But right now it was cold and frost was covering the few green straws of grass still left, defying the winter.
As he ran back outside, feeling like a hole was burning in his chest, the sound from the sirens on at least three separate police vehicles reverberated from building to building. The cacophony filled his head preventing him from thinking, he shouted at the police officers to be quiet. They were too late anyway, too late to protect John. He spun round and round on his heels, eyes scanning every direction, arms outspread, working through every detail.
He turned back to Lestrade and continued, “Even an absolute moron would realize that putting John into custody is what we would do. And this killer is clearly not an idiot. There are at least seven security cameras in the locale and none managed to capture either this victim or anyone else remotely suspicious. No one working here saw or heard anything.”
Right now Sherlock’s mind seems busy elsewhere and John takes advantage of it. He allows his gaze to travel down Sherlock’s outstretched form, from the pale and delicate hand making aimless shapes in the air to where the open coat Sherlock is still wearing has slid apart and is showing a shirt stretched tight over his stomach, the smallest indentation visible where his belly button would be.
However, right now, he had more important things on his mind than his feelings, he had to keep John safe, which went far beyond anything else at present.
He backed up, gently removing his hand; it felt tingly like residual electricity dancing in his fingers.
His normally so well groomed hair was standing on end, making him seem unattuned to the rest of his outfit, the perfect fitting trousers and the pristine, just right, shirt at odds with his ruffled hair.
“There is something not quite right here,” Sherlock took a step back from the wall ignoring the police. He spun on his heel taking in the entire scenery. From the body on the floor to Lestrade’s unkept appearance and John’s worried but strangely distant gaze.
He leaned his head back and closed his eyes, and Sherlock could see tears forming at the edges.
“No good John, I need you clearheaded and alert now, not at some point in the near future.”
“It seems they have moved on, we are safe for the moment,” John slapped back into reality, him and Sherlock hiding in a tiny alley, trying for cover from the people chasing them. People that had it in for him personally and he snapped.
Sherlock nodded, probably realising that his friend would not budge on this.
Sherlock had an unusual amount of small scars for a man his age, criss-crossing his upper body in thin lines. As his chest rose and fell they created a spread out web that seemed to move and shift, John had to fight the urge to go over there and let his fingers follow all the lines. It made him sick at heart to think of all the times Sherlock had been hurt and no one had been there.
Peter suddenly smiled, but there was no happiness in it, only wickedness and cruelty, “Saved me you say. They would never had handed me over to the locals, couldn’t let a scandal like that ruin the peace efforts. You didn’t do anything.”
Sherlock grew quiet again as the person on the other side said something.
A small grace, yet better than waking up with a cry of panic clogging his throat and on his retinas the burning image of a soft body connecting with hard, black asphalt, and the realisation that he is too late. Then the grief comes afterwards when he understands that it is all reality, not dream at all.
He had been so relieved yesterday and the painkillers had mellowed him out, giving him that last bit of courage. Lying in that place and wondering if he would ever see Sherlock or anyone else ever again he had vowed to himself to stop being the coward, if he lived he would tell Sherlock how he felt. There was no helping it and he owed it to himself, to both of them, to be honest.
Sherlock seemed to be reading his fortune in the tea leaves in the bottom of his cup. When the silence became unbearable John put down his paper and got up thinking he should go to bed.
Focused on his task, take groceries out of bag, put groceries in correct places, avoid looking at suspect experiment in the fridge, he was startled when he heard a sudden sneeze from the sitting room.
“It was very personal to me,” was all Sherlock answered and then he turned his back on her as if she had stopped existing, and for him, she probably had.
At that time the secret service had started to take serious note of the organisation and had done several attempts over the years to pin them to some of the many illegal activities they were involved in, so far without success.
Sherlock did not answer but walked out the room not looking back. He took the main door out of the building, no use hiding now. Outside dawn was on its way and inside the Star Bucks opposite the street sleepy teenagers was pulling muffins out of the oven in expectance of the morning rush.
“I am sorry Mrs Hudson, but I need to find Sherlock and I am in a hurry you see.”
“Good, we are close now John, I can feel it,” Holmes commenced his restless pacing. “It is all connected, the Labrador, the murders and the missing vase. Somewhere in this mess John lie the answers.” He reached the stone mantle, spun around on his heels and walked briskly back towards Watson’s armchair; hands on his back.
“Si’, spa’e some chan’e’?” John just shook his head at the tramp huddling at the corner and walked past, intent on his goal.
“I love it,” says Sherlock simply. John feels himself relax, shoulders falling and a happy smile settling on his face.
“This drained the body of blood thereby killing him. It would have taken a minute, less perhaps. He obviously died here judging from all the blood. It could have been a suicide,” The last he added hesitantly, voice lower towards the end, making it not a question and rather a lapsed thought. Wish more than belief, Sherlock thought.
“Are you going to pay or am I going to ring the bobby?” The landlord leaned over the counter and threw a towel over his shoulder and scratching the salt-and-pepper stubble on his coarse chin, He stared pointedly at John’s empty wallet.
“The people living there have a thousand year old history, they had seen conquering armies come and go from Alexander the Great to Genghis Khan; everybody wanted a piece of that land. We are just one out of many in their lived experience, since the seventies they have been in constant war, they have seen the Russians, the Talibans and now us, a collaboration of so many nations that is impossible to know who is who.”
Sherlock looked over at him and he nodded, he was as ready as he was ever going to get.
“Can I, can I get you a cup of tea?” John managed. He pulled himself up to his feet, faster than was probably necessary ripping his hand from Sherlock’s grip as he rose. He could still feel Sherlock’s fingers, cold and hard around his wrist and he had to stop himself looking for marks. He took a shallow breath and smiled; he hadn’t done anything after all, he ignored the strange feeling in the pit of his stomach.
“Yes indeed,” Sherlock replied sounding somewhat smug, but then he had the right to be John thought.
He shook his head hard. He had done the right thing no use crying over it now. The picture of John dissolved into swirling colours as he shook his head from side to side and Sherlock decided to handle this as he had always handled these things, with work. He started to sort through the content of the brown paper package, lifting pieces of paper, reading them and putting them back down; loosing himself in the case.
The hand he held on Sherlock’s shoulder sneaked its way up into his hair as John pulled his head forward so their foreheads were resting against each other. They did not look at each other but rather down, at Sherlock’s hands moving over John’s body. John gave up all pretence at control and let himself be swept away, load moans escaping as a wave of intense heat hit him forcing his pelvis and stomach muscles to clench as he came hard splashing over Sherlock’s hand.
John looked over the brim of his mug as the other man paced back and forth, each step exactly and perfectly measured. He was mumbling to himself, repeating the facts over and over hoping to discover the connection that in the end would lead them to the killer.
Maybe it was just the difficulty of separating close friendship from love since he has had so little of either. All he knew was that people in general left if he became too close; in some way or another he ruined them. He was not stupid after all; he tended to not make the same mistake more than once.
“And what do you want for this information?” This was not a woman to give things away for free, they wanted something and Sherlock had a feeling he wouldn’t like it at all. He would have to play this with a delicate touch, this woman and the organization was not to be trifled with.
It had been exactly 13 days, 13 hours and three quarters since Holmes had laid his hands on Watson. Not that John was keeping a tally.
Mycroft nodded at the mention of his name, “We needed to catch the Laurence woman in the act so to speak. My other team has now seized their headquarters and any evidence therein, it is clear so far that none involved will see freedom in several years at the least.”
“Run John, run,” He didn’t protest, two more black clad men were approaching and he knew when he was outnumbered.
“I have his name, and have seen his picture, what makes you think that I need anything else from you?”
John is sitting on the edge of his bed, flannel trousers on, because the flat might be old and beautiful but there are things you could wish from the heating. He is turning Mycroft’s package over in his hands wondering if he should open it or not, but eventually curiosity gets the better of him and he rips the brown paper off.
Lestrade looked out the window a faraway look as his eyes followed a woman out walking a Labrador clearly without really seeing her. He said, without turning to face John, “I don’t think you fully appreciate how much he has changed since you two moved in together. This will be hard on him, maybe more difficult for him than it is for you.”
“It has been closed since the day before we found the first body actually, 6 days ago; it was supposed to have started on Christmas when people were off from work and gone on through the holidays but something made them push the date forward.”
“Where did you get those clothes, not to mention a wig?” John was stalling but he needed time to think, some seconds to try and process what had just happened. However, trying to outthink Sherlock was like trying to stop a tsunami with a piece of string and a paper clip.
“What? How can that not be important,” John said, “The poor kids might be scared for life, you could show a bit more consideration for people,” He met Sherlock’s eyes angrily and his voice rose towards the end, earning also him an equally warning stare from the waiter. Sherlock was being such an arse, he thought.
He started to walk towards the correct address, trying to look like he belonged in the place, something he doubted he was succeeding with. He blamed his comfortable English, middle class upbringing for that.
It is only then that he realizes that there is not one but two hard-ons pressed up between them and he suddenly takes in Sherlock’s flushed face and dark eyes, pupils blown and huge.
“I will never understand your need for stating the obvious,” Sherlock answered, a weak smile on his lips as he looked up at John.
Peter’s face twisted in a mad grimace and before they could react he swiped the butt of the shotgun across Sherlock’s temple, not hard enough to break but hard enough to hurt.
He did not live here anymore.
John snorts, “I believe it is your turn to make us some so you tell me.” It had in fact been Sherlock’s turn for the last three months but somehow it was still John who ended up cooking or ordering take-away anyhow.
“You had me worried there. Don’t you ever do that again or I will kill you myself. When I say run, you run,” He was just talking for the sound of it and there was no reproach in it, just fear dissipating, life felt too good right now to be angry John thought.
He was sitting around an oval table in a stark police conference room inside Scotland Yard. All around the room, sitting if they had been quick or standing if not, police officers were nursing their own take-away cartons. On chairs to his right sat Donovan and Anderson and beyond that Lestrade and Sherlock. On the other side sat Mycroft flanked by some new assistant of his, a young man this time. There had been no free chairs when Mycroft entered, but he had just looked at two officers who had decided rather suddenly that they would prefer to stand.
It was strange in a way, how protective he felt about the doctor. Normally people in Sherlock’s presence didn’t last long; they burned out fast in his company leaving him behind as they moved on. People tried to keep up with him and when they couldn’t they left. It was just safer to not get involved with people in Sherlock’s experience. Not John though, John had this steady, calm force about him and it whispered to you that he would always be there, never leave you.
John did not deign to answer or rise to the bait by being called a blogger, instead he got up and threw the hard, square package of nicotine patches at Sherlock, who either pretended not to notice or simply didn’t that the force of the throw was slightly more than was necessary.
But this Starbucks had been the only cafe or restaurant with a window facing the office he was staking out. So he sat in his uncomfortable plastic chair, trying to avoid getting upset by the smell of bake-up bread and detergent.
He watches Sherlock turn the gift over and admire the garish paper, he smiles with only half his mouth at it and John thinks that, yeah, he got it. He looks at John quizzically and John laughs, “Open it while it’s still Christmas you twat!”
“It was this large hole in the ground and it seemed unreal, I thought we were seeing things, that we had all gotten sunstroke. The air was so dry, and it is such an unforgiving landscape, so hot. The air I sometimes dream about, it is so warm but you can’t sweat when it is that arid. The feeling is very special, the dryness really gets to you, especially if you are from England where it always rain. It is hard to understand that rain can be such a blessing.”
“Well that does sound worrying indeed Mrs Smith, you better tell me from the start.” The thin, gray-haired woman for a second forgot to look miserable at John and started on a rambling tale that he knew from experience, as her doctor, would offer him no new insights into her condition. He nodded at what seemed like reasonable intervals and let his mind drift. Mrs Smith suffered from chronic bronchitis and was just in for her monthly check-up, but he had learned that the appointment would go that much faster if he just let her talk first.
“Here allow me,” John looked up, Sherlock was standing next to him VISA card in his gloved hands outstretched between his index and middle finger towards the landlord, who shrugged and took it, “Whatever you say mate, it’s your headache.”
“What do you mean?” He supposed the slight trembling in his voice could be contributed to a mass of reasons; it could be neurological for instance. He should order an electromyogram to
He was just about to tell Sherlock that they should go back, or phone Lestrade for backup when Sherlock opened one of the doors into the storage part of the building and entered. Inside was a huge room, gigantic beams criss-crossing far above their heads and ancient pillars reaching down to the floor at regular intervals. The room was empty except for a body lying on its back in the middle of the room. It was a woman this time, still ordinary looking and in the same type of suit as the men, this one slightly too large.
A honking horn woke him up. The light had turned and he was still standing in the middle of the zebra crossing. He ran up the curb as angry motorists revved their engines. His pulse was racing and he could hear his heart pounding in his ears.
“How you did it I will probably never understand but you never cease to amaze me,” Sherlock had pulled it off, and all was well in the world again.
The dead were all people whom Peter Middleton had believed worked against him or had slighted him in some way. Sherlock looked at John when he said this and John pretended not to notice and Sherlock had let him be.
The bus stop was empty, not that he had expected anything else. Scanning the street a flicker of a curtain on the opposite side caught his attention, just what he was looking for.
“Which is what is telling us that he has medical training, now will you stop interrupt,” Lestrade just shook his head at Sherlock but he stayed quiet.
“Indeed, nothing happened, John is as good as new.”
The man shook his head, a small movement, neck bending only slightly. He looked calm, focused. Like he was exactly where he was supposed to be.
They pull at clothes as they go, John pushing Sherlock’s night gown off his shoulders, Sherlock practically ripping John’s sweater of him, a button tearing off and flying across the room at the ministration. In between, they kiss and bite anywhere they can get at both panting hard and fast by now.
He pads down into the sitting room half an hour later, shame and sweat washed away in a cool shower. His hair is wet and he might have been shivering a bit, the shower perhaps turned colder than it had to. He is wearing his new pullover at least, collar turned up and all of the buttons buttoned.
“To be honest, you never crossed my mind Peter, my world does not revolve around you. After that day I never even thought about you again” Angry, John had realised was the answer, if he got him angry enough he might be careless, John could rush him, as long as he saved Sherlock what did he care what happened to himself.
