John could feel the stress fall off as the boys shared the latest stories on various sexual escapades. They ordered seven pizzas and sodas and started their crude conversation again.
"Come along John." Sherlock said grabbing his hand and leading them through the crowd. The farther you got into the house, the more detail and priceless artefacts could be found. John was afraid to touch anything, it was like being in a museum. The ceilings where rather high and John briefly wondering how on earth they kept the dust off the art on the walls.
"Oh John." Sherlock moaned.
_______________________________________________
The Sargent smiled. "Thank you. John was a fine student and alpha. But as one chapter ends another begins and I bet your looking forward to you next adventure."
John laughed a bit and held out his hand. "John Watson."
John started walking with Molly right next to him "Have you met him already?"
Mycroft couldn't help but scoff at his younger brother's stupidity "John must learn the customs that are going to be required of someone of his soon-to-be station. It's only natural that, that learning is not something someone just wakes up with."
Just you, and nothing will take your place. I just want you to be totally mine.
John halted and turned towards his mother "I'm...going to London..."
"How can you be so thick?" She said in a playful annoyed tone "You go to work then you come here and take care of us. You've done that every day for the past 16 years Mum. When's the last time you had one night to yourself?"
"Precisely! The sooner we get this wedding on the way the sooner we can introduce the people into a new dynasty. Before you know it we will have a royal baby too. One to symbolize a new generation."
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock and John looked at each other once again and a rush of love washed over both of them. They kissed as they held their baby together "I love you." Sherlock said.
A few weeks pass and John is finally starting to come into a flow with Sherlock. He finds that his husband gets easily bored, he hates loosing at board games, laughs at the homework he's given, and in a new development very self conscious about his weight.
The instructor stood at the head of the studio. "Do not disappoint me. And begin!"
Bruce gave his son a dark look and swallowed the rest of his glass in one go. "No." He stood up and his face immediately went angry. "I gave up so much for you! You were supposed to do something with yer life! Now yer just goin to be someones fukin whore!" The closer he got to John the louder his voice got.
Sherlock smiled at him. "Thank you Richard."
Jim shrugged “Well I suppose I could stand in for you. As long as you permit me to do so.”
_______________________________________
John didn't say anything, being to overwhelmed with what was in front of him but took the hint and handed his coat over.
"I can't do that! I can't be selfish when I have a family to think about! Despite everything that has happened I love them! In fact I should probably go apologise for last night."
Siger stopped walking and looked at his son "There's no saying you can't come back though. I want to know my grandbaby so you would have to come back at some point so we could visit. Just because you're moving doesn't mean you can't come back."
"We haven't. We just met up again about three weeks ago. It was love at first sight and all that nonsense. Nonetheless he asked me to bond with him that very night and I readily agreed."
John sighed "Of course not."
The omega didn't look up when John stood right next to him, too immersed in his project. John cleared his throat to get his attention and the omega kept muttering to himself.
"Aren't you going to knock?" Greg said.
John pursed his lips and clenched his fists "Fine."
"John?" Sherlock said slightly pulling away. "Let's go inside. I have a room ready for you."
Sherlock was pushed through the crowd as his private security tried to make a somewhat path for him to the car. He hated this, hated this life, in normal circumstance the "rebuilt" family member would come home to tears and promises of things to make them better. But then again being born with a crown on your head and a sceptre in your hand is anything but normal.
He plopped on his chair "I'm getting to old to play like this." He said with a huff. Sherlock picked up a book that was sitting by the chair. "What do you say to a wind down with a story?"
Sherlock looked taken back "Why not? You're not a virgin. I'm an Alpha. We're dating. Isn't that the social protocol?"
"What's so funny?" John said slightly worried.
These are people that are publishing my book and they are throwing a party for me, so I'm going even if you made it very clear that you're not. End of story!
There's only a few flashes and she remembers David carrying her up to the flat but that's it. She can tell the room is empty as well since Tristan isn't making his usual cooing noise. She can't help but feel grateful the absolute last thing she wants to do right now is take care of the baby.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes "You're lying."
"Keep up the good work. Yes sir." John's friend Mike joked in a high pitched voice.
John looked at Sherlock "You?"
Sherlock eyes went wide and he grinned "Oh you're John's parents!" He shook both their hands excitedly "It's so nice to finally meet you!" He then looked down at what he was wearing and felt completely embarrassed. "I'm sorry I'm such a mess! If I had known you were coming I would have cleaned up a bit. Please! Please come in!" He stood aside inviting them in.
"That's not true! He loves me!" angry tears started to flood his eyes.
Sherlock's parents Violet and Siger as well as Mycroft were over for their monthly visit. Ever since Sherlock had gotten pregnant with Persephone his family found it necessary to visit him and his children.
"Is it true that you faked the rehab stay in order to reject the crown?"
John cleared his throat "Well I'll see you tomorrow then." He then started to walk away.
"If after that year I still feel this way we'll break our bond and I'll give you full custody of Tristan."
Sherlock got down to his sons level and tugged on the jacket "Killian, you only need to wear this until the ceremony is over. After that you can change."
Zachary who had been in the kitchen entered to sit at the table but he had heard what his son had said. "What the hell for son?"
John narrowed his eyes "Apologise."
Violet cleared her throat "John Watson I kindly ask that you leave before I need to call the police. You are no longer allowed anywhere near my son. Believe me sir, I have been waiting for an opportunity like this since the moment I met you."
When I walked into the lab after Mike had told me you were looking for a flat mate I counted it as a bonus that you were the most handsome man I have ever. Then you opened your big beautiful mouth and in an instant knew more about me then most of my friends do.
John shut his bedroom door and sat on his bed as he stared at the papers. He sighed and set them on the bedside table and laid down hoping he would dream about Sherlock.
Sherlock was next and held her tightly. "My beautiful baby, this is hard for me but I'm glad you're doing what you set out to do. If you ever decide to come home there will always be room for you."
John carried a couple of boxes of clothes into 221B. Even though he didn't have many items to move in, after the day he had he wasn't really feeling up to doing much.
Right now we are in our flat, holding each other close and swaying to music that isn't there.
They found themselves standing in the sitting room holding hands and smiling at each other. Judge Peterson held a bible while his wife sat on the couch watching the scene play out in front of her.
"So John must start his lessons earlier than we thought." His mother said taking a gentle sip of her tea. The royal family was sitting in the lounge having a small family meeting of the agenda for the week.
Sherlock immediately sat up and gave a fake smile "Excellent idea."
Sherlock sighed "Make love to me John." He started to remove John's jumper.
"A yes, I hope would be in order."
Sherlock whipped his head towards John. "When? After the baby was born!"
_____________________________________
Sherlock being so used to his children trying to startle him had gotten used to not jumping when a surprise happened. He looked up and saw Persephone standing at the bottom of the stairs in pyjama bottoms with skulls and a black tank top.
Greg smiled "Be glad it wasn't your balls."
John smiled "Of course." He then turned to Andrew. "Guess no pub tonight. I'm going to get fucked senseless instead." John and Sherlock then walked away laughing at Andrews shocked face.
Siger nodded "It's true, but when you are the King you tend to see the facts and ramifications of the way Omegas handle things. When Sherlock is King I'm confident he will carry on my opinions of the subject matter."
John stood up in offence. "I am not!"
"Yes, but I was under the impression that you moved here for good. I don't want to move to Scotland."
Sherlock turned to Greg "You don't understand! It's better this way!"
John felt his anger return and stood up. "I would never hurt Tristan! I'm not a monster."
Sherlock smirked "I wouldn't say that, more like the next chapter in this adventure." Sherlock rocked his arms up and down to keep the baby in his arms at peace.
.......until he saw John Watson.
I pack the last box in the car and look up to see you looking at me through the window. I give a small wave knowing it'll not be returned.
Wide eyed with fear as his Alpha twin charged at him, Waylon started running away as if his sister could really could cause him harm "Mummy!! She's gonna to hurt me!"
Sherlock had gotten Angelo to give them the restaurant for the night. Angelo would bend over backwards for the Omega since he helped get him off a murder charge years ago. John and Sherlock sat next to each other and Sherlock had Archimedes sitting next to them in a high chair. They had hoped that the children would mingle with each other but it seemed that everyone was trying to stick to their own side.
John panicked "Sherlock! Are you okay?" He went over and touched his arms.
Sherlock nodded "Yeah. I'm getting tired though probably best if I headed home."
Sherlock looked at Molly "Almost. Just a few loose ends." Trying to be friendly for his husbands sake he smiled over at his friends "Hello boys."
John and Sherlock look at each other "Would you like to sit down Mr. Holmes?" John gestures to the sofa and Siger sits down while John and Sherlock sit in their chairs facing the sofa.
"Sure." As Greg and Sherlock walked down the stairs Greg noticed that Darius and Persephone where following them both looking like their Mother with their black curly hair and piercing blue eyes.
John nodded "This is the best birthday ever. All made better because I have you."
Siger nodded "Alright I'm on my way. Are you joining us?"
The homecoming seemed to be going well. Tristan still refused to move from Sherlocks lap though.
For the first time Sherlock opened his eyes "Really?" He said weakly. At Oliver's nod he pushed hard one last time as the baby was brought forth in one go.
Just as he was about to call Sherlock and John he heard the front door open up and girls giggling and telling each other to be quiet.
"Are you alright Master John?" Alvin asked with a slight bow.
Sherlock and John sat off to the side watching the scene play out before them. Greg walked up to them "Are you two going to dance?"
John couldn't help but smile at the passion in Sherlock's voice when he spoke. "I do an internship at St. Barts. So you're wanting to be apart of the police force?"
David looked down to the floor shifting Tristan a little higher on his shoulder. "I guess but I-"
John looked down and tried thinking of something to say "I was called into Sargent Smiths office today and...."
"Very good." Mycroft's phone then buzzed with a text from Greg telling him to meet him in his room. "Don't forget the car is coming to fetch you tomorrow to take you back to the university." He then walked away.
John's knot expanded and held the young couple together. Spent and satisfied they looked into each other's eyes and without words began to kiss again.
John nods but still has that smile plastered on. "How have you been?"
Sorry this took so long. I had a hard time writing this chapeter but I hope you all like it!
After the covered the grave Charlotte stood in front of it as John and Sherlock watched her from a distance.
I nod my head in understanding though silently wishing you would just come up to the flat with me and we could just buy replacements for all your things later.
"Mrs. Holmes-"
Why can't you spend one day away from it all? It's my birthday for God sakes! I know I'm not one to draw attention to such mediocre occasions but I will pull any punch I have to.
Judge Peterson smiled "You're welcome Sherlock. If it wasn't for you I'd be sitting in a jail cell under false accusations of embezzlement. I owe you my life."
Johns eyes were still wide "That was amazing. Completely extraordinary."
So many angry words and broken promises have passed between us and I almost thought that you coming to London to celebrate my birthday would be a stretch too far but seeing that you're here proves to me that you still want us.
"No it's not! You told me you thought it was because of the baby I wanted to be with you but up until now I didn't even know there was a baby, yet here I am! Ready to commit to you for the rest of my life. I'm willing to forgive you if you're willing to forgive me."
_______________________________________
John wore his army fatigues and felt more nervous as the music began to play. Soon Sherlock would be his once and for all and he honestly couldn't wait. Christopher stood next to him acting as his best man while Persephone acted as Sherlocks Maid of Honour. It seemed like the kids were putting aside their differences for the day.
Sherlock
John got two glass and put them under the tap. "By the way if you just call it a beer people will know what your talking about. I don't think I've seen you around here before."
Sherlock was adjusting his tie in the mirror. "Why is this necessary?"
John became instantly sad to. He tried to gulp down the lump in his throat. "Why?"
"I'm sorry David! I just feel I haven't had time to breath this past year! I was kidnapped and bonded with a kid of my own on the way I think I'm entitled to a little freak out!"
"You know I'm never on time so don't expect any less from me. So with this I will spend how ever long you will have me and then some with you. I don't know how any one survives in this life without someone like you. I've always expected to live alone and right now I could say no.....but why? I want to be your husband, I want to share a life with you, I want to die knowing I've had a long full life in your arms. That I can do."
John's eyes filled with tears as his heart broke with every one of Sherlocks words. "No, Sherlock. None of that is true. I do truly love you."
John smiled at his Dad's attempt at humour. "Trust me Mum, this next year I'm going to be too focused on school to even look at Alphas. Like Da said I'm a 23 years old Omega, just back from basic training in Kabul, trying to get into medical school. Nothing exciting is going to happen to me."
Sherlock gently crawled on top of John and gently nudged him "John...."
Bruce stood tall and puffed out his chest. "You have one hour to get yer stuff out of here." he turned away towards the stairs.
Sherlock glared at him through the sweat and tears that were invading his eyes "How would you bloody well know?! Vous et votre grand, stupide, alpha bite! Ma mère m'a mis en garde sur vous et je aurait dû écouter! Si je le faisais, je ne serais pas dans cette position en premier lieu!"*
"Well it was just like old times and I couldn't help it. Also there's one more thing." John braced himself for what he knew was going to be the biggest shock of all.
John gave Sherlock a questioning look and opens the box and smiled at what was inside. "Meat pies!"
Mike nodded slowly "Yes...."
John H. Watson Blog:
Greg could hear Mycroft smile through the phone "If you weren't determined to keep us a secret we could call each other anytime to exchange pleasantries."
Sherlock took pity on his husband and gently kissed his lips and embraced him which made John feel ten thousand pounds lighter.
Jim tapped his fingers to his chin. “Well maybe....there’s a away you don’t have to be.” He said giving a wicked grin.
"Do Mummy and Daddy even know? I bet you tell them and Dad would shite himself."
"Well then a drink it is. What'll you have?" John said walking towards the bar.
Sherlock immediately got up and stomped out of the room not without kicking the table with a vase from the 18th century and shattering it into a million pieces.
Mycroft leaned forward "To who?"
Sherlock rolled his eyes but bid a slight goodbye to Greg.
Persephone glared at her siblings "We're not going down without a fight. The robots be damned we will still be Holmes children no matter what."
Sherlock seemed surprised "Usually people tell me to bugger off."
"Just shut up!"
Sherlock glared at his mother "Mother!"
Cody aged 14 and Connor aged 12 started rough housing and rolled each other to the ground in front of the house. Both were yelling at each other "Shut up!" Cody said in as much of a military voice as she could trying to model her Alpha father.
"Your highness!"
Odessa 12- Omega
John just nodded not trusting himself to talk and let Sherlock hold his hand and help him out of the car. "My...things.." he said turning back towards the car.
_____________________________________
John pursed his lips and picked up the thrown script. Thanks to being a favourite of the drama department he was able to get the professor to let them borrow the stage where the universities plays were held. He thought maybe he could get a better understanding if he was in the right environment but so far it wasn't working.
"Finished." The tailor announced clearly relieved to be done with his task. "Go and take the clothes off and I'll have them ready by the morning of the announcement."
"How do you do?" Sherlock said with his hand stretched out.
"What about if I get a grandson?"
Chloe lowered her voice somewhat Well if I did that I would look like a whore.”
They continued with their project and got quite a bit done. When they started packing up John came in with some of his friends into the lab "I don't know, that oral test was just stupid! They taught us nothing on stitching yet and they expected me to go in and do it on some poor kid?"
Davud promised to write and call as often as possible.
Mike let John crash at their old dorm room that night. John knew he should go on hands and knees and apologise to Sherlock but decided to let each of them cool down from their fight.
My heart fills with joy at the prospect of being tied to you for a lifetime.
"I don't...." John collected himself and quieted his voice down. "I don't know..."
"No, because he'll be too damn happy." Darius said a little more forceful then necessary.
John sighed. "You didn't have to do that." John said to David.
“This matches your outfit princess!” Persephone yelled and wiped her red sauced hands on Chloe’s clothes. Chloe screamed and tried to fight her off but soon the girls were rolling on the floor trying to pull each other off.
Johns smile diminished he was trying to hide that tidbit from his family "I'm fine Mum. It's was a freak accident. We were in our designated training ground and unfortunately the enemy found out where it was and thought we would be easy targets. We had it under control and ran them off before anything major happened."
When Sherlock approached John on the subject of telling his parents John said that they were out of the country and wouldn't be back for awhile. Sherlock then said John was a terrible liar but let it slide.
John looks at Sherlock. "Well you bloody well have done it now haven't you?"
Charlotte walked over to David who was holding Tristan.
John was so taken back. A butler? People really had those?
I will never stop loving you.
Greg raised his eyebrow "You're trying, remember?"
"Well what did you expect son? He has a family to support." Siger said softly.
John gulped "Um...yeah..." He turned to Sherlock "This is...um...."
"I love you too." John said.
John watched as they left, the anger never leaving his eyes and turned around and went back to work. He hoped that he would never see that Alpha again.
John gives a smile back "Exhausting but rewarding. Your summer?"
A splat was heard and Sherlock looked down in panic. He then looked up at John who had fear in his eyes at well "Get an ambulance here. My waters just broke."
"Da..."
"These past two years have been the best of my life. All I ask is the next ten minutes of yours, and maybe if you can agree to that could you agree to the next ten years? And if you could do that I ask that you spend the next ten lifetimes with me. There are so many lives I want to share with you, and I won't be complete until you say 'I do'.
I'll be here, always hurting over the memory of what could have been.
Violet nodded and kissed her son's cheek as her handed over Sherlock to John and then took her seat.
Valerie looked completely taken "Oh one of your chefs, how nice. Why don't we all sit down? Dinner is ready!"
John looked up from his trance. Even though Sherlock left he knew he needed to follow him. He grabbed his coat and pushed past his friends and started running down the hall.
David nodded his head. "It would probably be better if Tristan and I weren't here huh?"
Stephan walked up "Please? It may seem like awhile but in reality we only have a few short months together before you both leave."
A woman the same age as his mother who was obviously the manager came up to him and blocked him. "This way!" she said urgently "We'll get you out through the back."
Sherlock blinked being pulled out of his thoughts. "Yes, yes of course."
Sherlock led John to a small town house in the middle of the city. "Sherlock, where are we?" John asked.
Already Sherlock felt hot and sticky. The slick from his backside stared to come but it wasn't dripping just yet. The want for his Alpha stared to take over.
"You're going to wake him up doing that." John said with a sharp voice from the kitchen.
David laid her down on the sofa. "Knock it off Charlotte!" He was so completely beyond angry with her.
"Mr. Watson your presence here is no longer welcome." He said as he began to close the door.
"Good luck." Richard said. John could have sworn he saw the old man start to laugh as he walked away.
"Back in a tick." She said before closing the door.
"The chap from secondary school?" Violet said. "I thought you hadn't spoken to him in years?"
He was currently drinking his tea out on his balcony that over looked the gardens and trying really hard not to think of the boy who made his heart skip a beat and who's lips were as soft as they looked.
-------------------------------------------
"We decided that we'll have a dinner altogether before the bonding ceremony in two weeks." Sherlock said.
"Are you serious?" John said annoyed. "You dragged me out of bed just to go to Scotland Yard?"
Mike opens the door and comes face to face with Sherlock who looks like he was about to knock on the door.
Mike grabbed a pint "Here. Drink this."
The process, while relaxing even the painful bits, turned out to be exhausting. There was so much to be done it seemed and no one acted like it was out of the ordinary to do these things. In fact John felt as though he was being judged for never putting this much energy and time into himself before.
Violet directed her anger towards John "We wouldn't even be in this mess if you hadn't forced yourself on my baby!"
Greg shrugged "It happened. I'm not proud of it. Some complications happened and my uterus is botched now. The possibility isn't completely gone but it might as well be. There's not one day that goes by where I don't regret my decision. Looking at you and Sherlock and seeing how well you both manage it....I know it could have been possible."
John flinched and abandoned wiping himself off to stand and attention "Sir! Yes, sir!"
Valerie laughed a fake airy laugh and took the box "He's joking. I bet it's delicious. Did you make it yourself?"
Sherlock clenched his teeth then gave a dramatic sigh "For fucksake! Don't make it seem like I was at the sea shore! You sent me away!"
John internally groaned as Sherlock sat next to him. It was almost as if his night mares were coming true.
Jim just smiled at John “The price of marrying a prince I’m afraid.”
Sherlock cleared his throat "We should um....get going. It's getting late and classes...." He trailed off.
John cut another piece of the roast and put it into the homemade roll and enjoyed the savoury richness of the meats juices. Living on bland toast and turkey sandwiches could only go so far.
Valentina grabbed the skull and scooted back next to her twin. "What if we don't like each other?"
"I'm trying to prove a point." Sherlock said as he started looking through them.
Sherlock felt the butterflies in his stomach quicken "Lets get this show on the road."
Mike takes a second to realise what had just happened before he stops Sherlock from walking away. "Wait! No, he's here he is just using the facilities. I'll go fetch him."
At the mention of her name his eldest daughter Persephone perked her head up from the table and removed her headphones obviously frustrated that she had to stop her studies "Why do I have to go with him?! He's 15 years old he can take care of himself!"
Sherlock avoided the question and kept looking through John's drawers. After a few minutes of hunting Sherlock settled on a dark blue jumper, a white shirt to go underneath, and a pair of dark jeans. "These will have to do." He said pushing the clothing into John's arms.
Meredith could see the look of hurt and anger that came across John's face and stepped up to grab his hand. "Look." She said gently. "It's not because you need work, there's just a certain image that must be maintained and it's not because you're not perfect and we're not going to change you. We're just going to spruce you up a bit. You'll feel good as new!"
They both turned towards the sounds to see Molly standing there.
_______________________________________________
Sherlock turned back to the press. "I pledge to give my life to my crown and to all the good citizens of our great nation."
She pulls the covers off of her and has a go at standing and the earth shifts under her feet. Standing is so much harder then it was yesterday. She finds a pair of pyjama pants and a tank top and heads down stairs.
John was running around serving beer and chips to every table. Every once in awhile a wayward Alpha or Beta would pinch his arse or holler something blush-worthy but he learned early on in this job that if you ignored them they would get bored and move on to their next victim.
Sherlock saw the brief flicker in Johns eyes and groaned "Oh God."
I will not loose because you can't win.
"Its okay. We'll help you." The team along with John helped Sherlock stand but not without a fair amount of screaming on Sherlocks part. They got him situated and started heading out.
Sherlock tried to pull the boy away from himself but Tristan just dug his hands in harder to his shirt. "No!" He cried.
The tailor huffed. "Obviously."
Sherlock said nothing. For the first time he was torn. Apart of his hoping that was true, the other part sad over the fact he would probably never see John again.
All the girls were a little older then Charlotte was which meant they had a few more years of training under their belts but she silently vowed she would crush every last one of them. There were only three spots the company had to fill and she would be one of them.
John threw up his hands "Enough!" John led the way "We are leaving! Sherlock come on!"
John nodded "I will."
**"Make it stop! Please make it stop!"
Greg was sitting right next to him. According to his job description for this assignment he was to make sure Sherlock didn't get in any more trouble. Easier said then done he knew but he was willing to try even if he was a glorified babysitter. "Your highness?"
John's eyes went wide in disbelief "Really?"
Sherlock pulled back with wide eyes "You sure?"
Greg laid down the suitcase he was carrying down in anger "We went over this five times! You assured me you were listening!"
"You know, I would feel uncomfortable too if I were you." he said leaning in and almost whispering. "The politics, the nonsense, I'm glad it was you and not me."
Sherlock nodded and sat down at the table. He tapped his foot and finger on the table and furrowed his brow in confusion at his action. Was he nervous? Why was he nervous?
John sadly nodded. They said their goodbyes and once again got in a cab.
"Can't say I blame you. Not a city man myself  but just a few short months then you'll graduate and go back home."
"Make it stop! Make it stop!!" Darius, his eldest Omega son said, as he came into the room holding his hands over his ear and screaming at the top of his lungs. "Mum I can't take it anymore make her stop!"
John smiled proudly “Brilliant.”
The nurse smiled and nodded. As she looked through the paperwork however she began to frown. "I'm sorry but it looks like Sherlock Holmes was discharged this morning. Picked up by a....Violet Holmes."
Sherlock put his elbows on the bar and leaned foreword "I was in private studies until now, my parents thought it best that I come join the masses."
John gave his Da a surprised look "Da..." He said quietly.
John blushed "Well you know what's best."
"No. I'm studying Chemistry with a minor in criminal science but deterioration of the body after death is always a useful tool to have. I go to St. Barts about once a week to look at cadavers and preform different experiments on dead bodies to see the effects. I also help my brother-in-law who works at Scotland Yard with various cases."
Chloe held up her chin “I said your sister dresses like a whore.”
Christopher put a hand in his sisters shoulder to calm her down before she could make a scene "Freaking out here won't do anything. What's done is done and now we just have to live with it no matter how much it sucks."
"I love you." Sherlock said hoping to get a reaction.
"I need you to marry John and I. Right now."
I can't help but feel like I'm falling in love with her. She starts to cry when I tell her I need to leave, maybe it's because she loves me too.
Sherlock glared at his brother "Actually I do have some.....uh....news...."
John became confused "Last hurrah? I'm not going anywhere. I'll still be me."
Johns father, Bruce Watson, also a portly man but tall in stature with stubble on his cheeks and years of hard work showing on his face; reminiscent of a time when the man used to work on the family farm in Scotland as a boy with a thick Scottish accent to boot, a true Alpha through and through, came and embraced John so hard he thought he was going to be crushed. "Ah laddie! Good to see ya! Have you been giving the Queens army a what for?"
Sherlock smiled "I had your mother give me her recipe. Now you have a little of home in London. Don't get used to it though I'm not a homebody."
Can't we just be happy at some point in our lives? Can't we relax instead of you pushing me further from you?
"Hello." John's Dad said. For a second it was quiet until John's Dad said "John aren't you going to introduce us?"
John's heart fell "But sir, the baby isn't due until August and I-"
"Love?" I say.
John shrugged he honestly felt detached as if he was watching himself so he could escape his emotions "I guess it was bound to happen sometime...I guess I just....didn't expect it like this....I had hoped...." John shut his eyes and berated himself for even thinking of the slight hope that he and Sherlock would get back together. "I'm just going to go up to my room."
Sherlock's eyes met John's "Nor I you but I can't live like this anymore John. Either you get help or that's it."
You promised you book tour would give you a break during the summer and I can't help but count down the days until I see you.
Sherlock opened one of his eyes a glared as much as he could "I'm doing stretches and breathing exercises. Some of the research I've done says it helps with the birthing process."
John smiled "Absolutely."
The room was tensely quiet until Sherlock spoke. "David take Tristan upstairs. Slowly."
John sighed. It was something he had been dreading. "I know."
Persephone stood up and checked herself in the mirror. She wore a black corset looking top with black lace sleeves and a long black lace skirt. Usually she wore more revealing clothing preferring to show off what God gave her but felt that wouldn't be very appropriate to meet the Captains family.
Sargent Smith stood up from behind his desk and walked around so he was standing in front of John. "Watson over the past school year I have seen you go through every sort of up and down and I'm here to say...."
He through a few notes at the cabbie and headed straight for the door. He knocked furiously on the door until Richard opened it up. "Yes?" Richard said as if he had no idea who he was.
"We'll see in you a few days John." Siger said.
He was a strong willed, stubborn Alpha born to rule and be alone. Not the strong willed, stubborn Alpha born to rule but with John by his side. Some things were to high a mark.
"Who's else could it possibly be?! I had the entire situation under control!"
Sherlock's eyes widened but took John's hand anyways. They walked out a little but not to far away from where they were sitting.
Caleb bounced back and forth from foot to foot in his very four year old manner. "Permission to speak Captain?"
That was the most ridiculous thing I have ever done.
At hearing his fathers voice Sherlock gets off the couch as gracefully as he can and stands next to John at the door. "Father? What are you doing here?"
Sherlock smirked a little at that "Lushness? I've never been insulted in such a way."
Before him stood the Watsons. All dressed rather nicely but each with their own feelings about the evening displayed on third face.
Mike twitched nervously "So....have you two talked about it?...."
----------------------------------------------
I love you and if I didn't I wouldn't have stood before all of our friends and made a commitment to you. I thought we agreed to support each other through thick and thin.
The tailor puffed up a little but and the compliment as John walked off to change. When he came back Sherlock was standing with his back to him and arms clasped behind his back. He looked every bit as regal as he ought to all the sudden and John couldn't help but gasp.
Charlotte could see that she was going to get no where like this so she handed him back to her Dad and the little boy immediately calmed down with the pccasional teary breath.
Sherlock
When John's knot deflated he gently pulled out of the body beneath him and held the omega close. Both didn't say a word and John pulled his small jacket over the both of them to keep the chill away from the night air.
"Ah John" a women wearing too much perfume came up and kissed his cheeks "Look at you. Glowing already."
"He's with me." Greg said calmly.
Sherlock looked at John and began to give him lazy kisses. "I love you John." He says quietly.
The tears he's been holding back seem to creep out and he sobs harder then he has in a long time. It always hurt to be reminded that he was alone and it hurt worse to he reminded on the one day a year his Dad would show him an ounce of love.
John pulled away trying to catch his breath "Bond with me."
The family all had a somber feeling to them. John and Sherlock were quite as well as David. Tristan was making his happy baby noises.
April 10, 2010
Everyone listened as attentively as they could.
Once again though you start your cycle of calls from people seeking interviews and wanting to know the latest news on our lives. How people seem to care about something that is absolutely none of their buisness is beyond me.
After the kiss it was like something turned on in Sherlock, all these feelings and desires, especially the one about wanting to see John naked in every position.
Chloe stared at the freaks across the way. The more she stared the more she became angry "I can't believe we're now related to the Adams family."
"One hour before I start throwing yer things out the window!"
Mycroft came to check in on his brother like he did every month for the past three since Sherlock was sent to the University. He was sitting at the desk as Sherlock sat cross legged on his bed with his arms crossed giving Mycroft a glare.
Tristan didn't want to let go of his Dad and only went back to Sherlock. He was still very unwary with Charlotte.
Before the conversation could continue the doctor scooted her stool back and removed her gloves. "Alright, everything looks good." She then went over to wash her hands "I'll go get the ultrasound machine so we can look at that baby of yours okay?" She said with a sweet smile.
Siger, Sherlock, and Violet all stood silent at Zachary's remark. That was the worst insult you could give to anyone born with a secondary gender.
John smiled brightly but quickly leaned in to the speaker to whisper something in his ear. The speaker nodded and went back to the mic "I apologise, John Hamish Watson-Holmes."
Sherlock waited at the flat. Charlotte was to be coming home today and in a silent truce with John he was supposed to be here for her homecoming.
Sherlock now looked confused "Really?"
Sherlock narrowed his eyes in confusion and looked at his daughter "I go on cases and chase criminals and come back here and chase you lot, how is that not fun?" He said completely honest.
Sherlock looked over to the open script John had "Romeo and Juliet?"
At the end though we're are no more and no wishing or love will ever bring you back to my arms. Facts can't change, that's why I thrive on them. You were a fact in my life but no longer.
"I know." John said quietly.
___________________________________________________
"You don't understand though John!" Before Greg completely burst he calmed back down "Sherlock needs you, more then he's willing to admit. You need to come here and talk with him. Please." Greg begged.
Johns eyes went wide and his mouth hung open. "That was....how did you know all of that?"
"No one is going to humiliate you John. Do you trust me?"
Greg had to contain his excitement "He won't. He'll be at Scotland Yard all day to tie things up on a case. Meet us there and I promise Sherlock will talk to you."
John tugged on his hand which pulled him out of his thoughts. "Sherlock this is my family."
"I'm not squeamish! It's just I don't like....thinking of how and where the baby is going to come out." John says cheeks going red.
He went into the main office and looked around until he finally spotted what could only the the back of Sherlocks head. He was sitting down at a desk with the same long Belstaff coat he loved so much.
Sherlock still not looking at his daughter adjusted Archimedes to the other the other nipple so he could latch on again. "Why do you care if I mingle with the common minds of London?"
John cleared his throat "I'm sorry I don't mean to be rude but I don't remember meeting you before."
Sherlock groaned "If you want to take off your clothes for me do it quickly in the back so that way we could get it over with. Mind you I won't sleep with you but at least it'll put the sexual tension out of the way."
______________________________________
John put his head down to look at the floor. "You're different. I actually care about you. I want our first time together to mean something. And although I do care about you I'm just not comfortable with sharing that part of my life with....anyone. Please understand."
Currently John was dressing for his afternoon math class. He walked out to the living room to grab his book bag when he caught Sherlock doing stretches such as squatting and rolling himself up and letting out long moans as he breathed. The sight was rather funny "What on earth are you doing love?"
Thank God for people like Jim Moriarty. Jim had proved himself to be a good friend in the last few weeks. Sherlock was hesitant with John hanging around him but John begged Sherlock to trust him when it came to people he decided to spend time with. Jim helped him navigate the finer points of the upper class society and it had been super helpful.
I'm tired of fighting with you. Tears spring to my eyes and you just stare at me. I know you're still going to that party. I swear I'll never understand how you can stand there and see I'm crying and not do anything at all.
You remained oblivious to what was really going on between us and I couldn't rescue us by myself, no matter how hard I want to try.
"You know, that's how you get stomach aches." Sherlock said as he pulled the empty bottle away from his mouth. He shifted the infant to his shoulder and began to pat his back to burp him.
Sherlock chose that moment to run out "Mrs. Hudson! Stop! Stop!" He said putting his hands up.
John blinked he'd never been kicked out of a class before "Sir-"
"Dad” Christopher said. “I think they’re coming.”
John notices Charlotte as she plops down on one of the chairs. "Oh isn't it my favourite little drinker!" He shouts and starts making as much noise as possible.
Before we say goodbye though you lean up and kiss me.
"Hm?" Sherlock said putting his eyes on John.
Mike spoke up "John here is suave. Point out any omega and they'll be begging to suck his cock."
John smiled brightly "Don't apologise. It's so nice to see you." John licked his lips "Can I buy you a drink?"
John's stomach dropped, if only Siger knew that he had gotten Sherlock pregnant he's sure that this man would be treating him the same way Violet was. For some reason his heart sunk at the thought.
Sherlock growled “How can you be so stupid?! You must be where you are asked with no exceptions!”
After a few more beats of silence Violet finally spoke up "I'm sorry I can't do this. I can't pretend everything is okay!"
John rolled his eyes "Mum, you don't have to go through all this trouble."
John laid awake all night staring at nothing. The words his Father said playing over and over again in his head. He knew Sherlock wasn't sleeping behind him but he was thankful that he didn't try to start any conversations, he didn't have it in him to explain what had happened but he knew that Sherlock had already worked it out. When he felt Sherlock stir behind him he just scooted over so he could give him some room.
John moved slightly away "Sherlock my home is in Scotland."
The cuckoo clock struck and music began to play. It was an old song, something long ago forgotten in another language.
His Father spoke up "Did you not expect John to learn his duties as first Omega?"
John gave a forced half smile "Hey."
I watch you walk away after we've said our partings. You turn the corner and wave.
The woman shook her head "I'm sorry no unauthorised personal is allowed back there."
"Sherlock." John said desperately and ran into his arms. They both met their lips in a passionate kiss then John pulled away breathless. "I thought you forgot about me."
Siger smiled at them "Would everyone like a cup of tea?"
I guess this leave had been a while in the making but right now my eyes sting from tears, my heart feels like it will break, and my head is too cloudy from depression that I cannot for the life of me access my mind palace without seeing your face.
John shoved Andrew "He's been busy with a case. It happens, I'm sure somewhere down the line I'll forget an anniversary or something."
He was met with silence once again but could slightly hear the beginning of sobs.
John looked at his husband "No of course not."
Sherlock then took a huge breath and bore down hard. Towards the end of his first push he yelled again at the pain.
Sherlock screamed and arched his back "Arrête ça! S'il vous plaît faire arrêter!"**
"No." Sherlock said turning his head to look at John "it's better that we just leave things as they are. You have a promising career that can't be held up and I have my own life. Let's just leave it at we happened to reproduce together and nothing more."
Mike smiled and opened the door before quickly turning around and slapping his forehead in a forgetful manner "I almost forgot!" Mike pulled out and card with blue and white trimmings and held it out for the Alpha. "The missus and my anniversary dinner is this Saturday. I was hoping to see you before then so I've had it in my back pocket for the past couple days. I would really appreciate it if you would come but the restaurant we rented out doesn't allow children so unfortunately the brood can't come." Mike said almost afraid the Alpha would tear him to pieces over the unfortunate news his children couldn't come.
"At ease solider." Smith said so John could relax. "You are by far the best student I have had in a long time. All your professors are enamoured by you and your internship at St. Barts couldn't have gone better."
Before she could say anything else Sherlock shut the door. "Well......breakfast?"
Mycroft came up behind him "Well you did get married in the middle of the night without us last time, the least you could do is indulge us in throwing you a proper wedding this time."
Sherlock leaned foreword again "You heard me. Go in the back and take off your clothes for me."
Everyone hugged us and wished us happiness. After it was all said and done we could do nothing but smile and kiss.
Sherlock gave s confused look "I'm not sure I understand the question."
"Ha ha." David said narrowing his eyes at her. "You were supposed to stay home with Tristan and I so your parents can go out tonight."
_____________________________________________
John got dressed and took a long shower, the fight truly never leaving his mind. He tried to get his mind off of it during his classes but the lectures only pulled him further into his head.
Wedding/bonding planning was always something John thought would come easy. When he overheard people talking about how stressful the entire planning process was he thought they were being dramatic. How fucking wrong he had been.
"Um..." he wasn't sure how to react what had just happened "Yeah....yes.....thank you."
Once he got to the airport he practically ran out to catch a cab which was a lot harder then remembered. Finally one stopped and he told him to take him to Scotland Yard.
While going over his schedule for the next week John didn't notice the black sleek car that almost hit him. He gasped and jumped back but the car continued to go forward. "Arsehole." He said under his breath, granted he should have been paying attention but at the same time the driver should have noticed him or at least stopped to apologise. He then looked at his watch and continued on his way to Traders.
Sherlock looked down and tears started filling his eyes "It won't be the same though."
Everything is awkwardly quiet for a bit. "Look about last night...." Charlotte stops.
Once John saw him he went over to him and gave him a kiss. John saw that Sherlock was a little more paler then normal which made him slightly worried. "You alright?"
Charlotte's tryout for the London Ballet were a few days away and for the first time John found himself praying that she would get in just to give them all peace away from their daughter.
Everything is new to me and while I have a good teacher I often feel like I come up short. You have patience for me though and you guide me through.
John stands up and leans over the table to get in Sherlocks face. "This is what happens when you're so into being right all the time Sherlock!" John stands straight up and knocks the chair he was sitting in to the floor. "If you would have just told me what was going on none of this would have happened!"
Oliver smiled "You got a cute baby here. I'm checking for the cord so don't push for a second....okay cords clear. If you give me another strong push your baby should be born! You're almost done!"
Another boy Stephan walked into the conversation. "Prove it. Come out tonight with us. Don't worry your precious papers won't do themselves."
Sherlock was working in the lab at St. Barts on a biology project that was due. The one girl who he could semi-tolerate Molly was his lab partner and was putting their poster board together.
After the day we had we became flat mates easily. I've never met someone like you.
Waylon 8- Alpha (Adopted)
John gave his children a reassuring smile. "It's going to be fun. Sherlock is really wonderful." He looked down at the floor in a coy fashion. "I haven't felt this way in a long time."
John crossed his arms "Okay then."
They met John briefly when he came over to pick up Sherlock for a night out. John seemed nice but looked a bit overwhelmed when ten faces stared back at him from the doorway.
Sherlock looked over. "My parents are an alpha/omega pair, my mother being the alpha, my father the omega. My father and mother both held high positions in the government but are now retired, enjoying their life by being with their friends and attending the latest social event. My father is very kind so he won't be the problem. My mother on the other hand is very protective of me. I'm the baby of the family and in between my older brother Mycroft and I there was another son but died due to SIDS just two weeks after he was born. My father wasn't supposed to be able to carry more children making me their 'miracle' child. Due to that everything I do is under my mothers watchful eye. Don't talk about politics or anything that may be considered controversial to them or you may start World War III."
Siger walked in front of his wife "Dear this is our son's family."
Sherlock hanged his weary head. This was all a complete mess.
Andrew blushed and John giggled at his friend who was brought down a peg. He walked up to Sherlock and kissed his cheek. "Hello love." He then rubbed his stomach and felt the baby kick "And hello baby."
Sherlock is quick to get up and in anger he yells "Oh because the great Captain John Watson is always trying to be the hero! If you didn't try so hard to fix everyone to the point of driving yourself insane I would have felt okay to share things with you!"
Sherlock and his parents were on the study of the Holmes estate. Through much coaxing his mother agreed to see him but was currently refusing to meet the Watsons.
John nodded and straightened up, for once he cursed his decision to enlist in the army. He cleared his throat "I wish-"
John then sat across from him getting their drinks down on the table "Christ how have you been? What has the great Sherlock Holmes been up to since we last saw each other?" He said taking a drink of his beer.
Smith smiled oblivious to the tension. "Think of it, this time next week you'll both be in Scotland. I hope you're packed."
John pulled his hands away from Sherlock. Sherlock was leaving him. He honestly knew it would eventually happen but to have it happen so soon....that's what hurt the most. "So I guess that's it then....for us I mean..."
Sherlock glanced at his Father really quickly "We're married."
I don't understand why you're sure our love is dead but I guess in this free world you're allowed to choose your own path.
"Chloe?" John said getting his daughters attention.
August 7, 2014
John was staring at the play he was assigned, Romeo and Juliet. He should understand this, he was English after all! But he couldn't understand any of it to save his life. When on earth was Shakespeare going to apply in the medical field? This was useless!
Seeming to overlook the insult John received he was suddenly interested "How did you know that?"
Stephan started laughing to himself "Can you imagine? John will have a frilly diaper bag with baby carrier strapped to his front."
John blushed and looked embarrassed "I...I mean..."
It's like the universe had planned a perfect escape. Right after that kiss with John, Sherlock was called away to the palace by some urgent business and he was never more grateful for the dull dinners and fake smiles.
_____________________________________
I know it’s been forever but rest assured this fic had not been abandoned. As I’ve said before I hate when fics do jut get finished and come hell or high water I will finish this. I don’t know if anyone will still read this but at least I know I won’t have something out in the world that I didn’t finish.
----------------------------------------------
John didn't return the sentiment and Sherlock did not expect him to. The only thing he could hope for was that he brought at least some comfort to John's heavy heart.
Finally it was time for the solo auditions. Each girl was called in and the other girls would wish her a good luck as they went in. None of the girls that went in ever came out the door due to the fact the judges would have them go out the other side. Who knows how many spots they had left?
Greg nodded and shifted closer to Mycroft "I am on your side. But I'm also on the side of this family and what you did hurt us all. I know since you found out about the baby everything has been a whirlwind but that's no excuse to cut is all out. It's time to deal with the consequences. Like an adult."
"Honestly Sherlock, its just downright irresponsible." Violet said. "You know I love each and everyone of my grandchildren but you barely have enough room and soon you'll have to store them in the cupboards. I mean, what will my friends say?"
John turned around and was met with Sherlocks gaze. His wild, curly hair was slicked back and he looked so majestic in his uniform. It was black with gold tassels on the shoulders and hold buttons going down the front. He wore a white sash that went across his left shoulder that had a few metals on it and there was a diamond cross on his right shoulder with the Holmes family crest of a knight in gold in the middle.
Caleb looked a bit chuffed at being corrected for a second but started speaking again "Captain, am I going to have to go to school again?"
Sherlock gathered his things "It's okay John we never have to speak of this ever again." He was sounding rushed and panicked "I have something I need to attended to. Good day." He then practically ran out of the theatre.
John laughed "Just a bit. You say your family, school, and work is here but the same goes for me as well. My life is in Scotland Sherlock. You could finish school there and there's police departments there as well and it'll be great."
"I'm fine." Sherlock said in a rough voice.
David laughed. "My thoughts exactly."
"Oh I'm sure dear" she grabbed John's arm. "Come along I'd like to introduce you to my son."
Siger nodded a solemn nod "Thank you."
Sherlock's lips looked irresistible and in a moment of complete sentimentality John leaned up to kiss him. Sherlock though moved back and John like a knife went through his heart.
Siger held his sons shoulders very gently "You'll have to cancel our University deal. I need you here to teach you all that you will face. As for your Omega.... I'll leave that decision in your hands."
He barely pushed through his classes as well. The only class he pretended to at least care about was the Bio Chemistry class and that was only because John was on his arse to do his work.
My love went in the back of the shop and pulled out a beautiful green velvet dress. He said it was the same one on the picture but judging by the material and the close stitching this was a remake version.
John looked in his eyes "My mother's meat pies."
The woman laughed an airy laugh "I'm so sorry. I'm one of Violet's friends. I have a son here, though lord knows where he went off too. I'm Kathleen." she held out her had.
Having a new baby in the house should have made Baker Street a whirlwind but Tristan was nothing short of a perfect baby. Sherlock even commented on it when his grandson soiled his nappy and the infant didn't make so much as a peep.
What's funny is the next day we act like nothing ever happened. We make plans to go on cases and things we should do together and it seems alright.
"You know he does that on purpose to get his way." Odessa said from the lounge chair.
"Watson!" Drill Sergeant Smith yelled.
John crossed his arms over himself and looked at his boss "This pervert was trying to get me to take my clothes off!"
He yelled at the sky trying to get out all his emotions. The heartbreak over a relationship. The knowledge that he failed. Worst yet, knowing that he would never be able to hold his child. He would never be able to see the brilliant combination that he and Sherlock would make. Never see a chubby baby with Sherlocks curls and eyes, never know if it was a boy or girl. Never hear the name 'Daddy' ever be called.
As apart of his relocation he had been asked to teach some courses at St. Barts so the new upcoming generation of Doctors could learn from an experienced solider. John would be lying if he said he wasn't excited, teaching had always been a passion of his.
John was getting angry "Excuse me?"
Sherlock was the first one to speak. "Why didn't you tell me about this?"
When he went into the bedroom Sherlock was fuming, sitting on the bed.
Sherlock
John smirked at his husbands misery and wrapped his arms around him "You poor baby. You look completely worn out."
"Goodbye Sherlock"
"Don't worry about that." The woman said as she grabbed John's arm and lead him to a back room. "Just have someone from your family come by later to pay for the items. I don't want to risk your safety."
Sherlock took a deep breath "Marry me?"
Trying to diffuse the situation Siger spoke up "I think what my mate is trying to say is that the Holmes name carries a lot of weight. We don't mean anything bad by it but we are sought after in high society. We feel that your life style is...a little less then advantages for our grandchild and son."
If Charlotte would have known that was the last time she'd see him in person age might have said so much more then "Take care."
A raucous was beginning to happen outside of Greg's office and both men turned towards the noise.
"This isn't really my scene I think I should go back home." Charlotte said.
Sherlock faced John more "John, my family is here, my school is here, you and I both like it here. I want the baby to grow up in London."
Sherlock was currently giving his grandson a bottle. Charlotte decided early on she wouldn't breast-feed, not wanting to ruin her chest by making her breasts sag.
Dinner was beyond uncomfortable.
David was starting to get worried about Charlotte. She should have been home by now. He had put Tristan to bed and now was just waiting up for his mate.
John warred internally with himself, he should really get on those papers so his grades didn't fall (not that they were suffering in the slightest) then again a pint sounded absolutely brilliant. One night of relaxing couldn't hurt.
"Now class please look to the person sitting at your table as that will be your lab partner for the year. I trust that you all will get very aquatinted with one another. Please introduce yourselves."
Sherlock gives out a long breath. "Before you worry yourself further I'm also here to tell you I don't need or want anything from you. Apparently social protocol dictates that I inform you that I'm carrying your child and that I plan to keep it. Call it a kind gesture."
"No." She doesn't need to think about that answer.
John shifted back and forth a bit "Listen I know I probably don't deserve it but....maybe if you could.....you could tutor me on this? I need all the help I can get."
"Poor baby Johnny, no longer a baby anymore. Instead full of cock just like a good Omega should be. Bet that's what you really did for the army huh? Gave those Alphas a proper thank you for serving our queen?"
John looked disappointed but tried to hide it "I understand. I hope though we can see each other soon."
Valerie's eyes went wide. "Out of his element? Of course your right this house isn't clean enough!" She ran from the kitchen and grabbed the vacuum "Here. Vacuum everything and make sure to get under the furniture as well!"
"No, Charlotte there is no defence." John said sternly point his finger in his daughters face. "It won't kill you to spend one bloody night with your son and mate. There are things more important then ballet."
"Marriage is about compromise son. More importantly trusting your alpha to provide and care for you and the baby. I know it may be difficult and the last thing I would want to happen is for you to leave but maybe it's time."
Once they were loaded into the ambulance the car started moving fast. They removed Sherlocks trousers and laid a blanket over his knees to give him somewhat privacy.
She smiles a big smile and kisses her sons cheek "Well hurry up. Don't want to be late!!"
John was in the theatre again going over Romeo and Juliet. Without Sherlock he felt like he was drowning but what could he do? He had no other choice at the moment.
"Sherlock Holmes."
John swallowed "And when your mother finds out what we've done?...."
Sherlock smiled "Shouldn't it be I marvelling at you?"
"Four."
Persephone tightened her black curly hair in her ponytail which she always did when she was frustrated "Fine. Come on twerp."
John's face blushed "We can switch ever once in awhile." Avoiding further embarrassing discussion he began kissing him again.
Sherlock moved a little to allow his husband to get up slightly "You need to see why we shouldn't move to Scotland."
After some time Mycroft spoke again "I understand that you're upset but I think it would be good for you."
"But surely three weeks isn't enough time to get know each other again." Violet said. "I mean does he know about the children? Is he prepared to take up the responsibility of ten children?"
"Hello pumpkin!" John's mom said. She was a short blonde beta woman who was wearing a pair of jeans and a blouse. Her husband who was also a beta was just slightly taller then John and a little on the portly side with silver hair. He wore a light cardigan and in a way the older couple matched.
John never had seen Sherlock so angry that he seemed to be shaking. John looked at the papers headline:
The kitchen became silent and the little ones crawled out from under the table to witness their grandparents reaction to the news.
After changing and taking a few deep breaths John walked out to the kitchen. Sherlock had finished cleaning the mess and was currently sitting on the couch with his legs tucked into himself and his arms wrapped around them.
Charlotte took a sip and almost wanted to gag. It was bitter and strong and she couldn't see why anyone would willingly drink it.
David looked at her carefully "Well you just know that your parents aren't together anymore."
"Two weeks Sherlock."
David took her arm. "He won't."
John eyes grew large. The prince? That same pervert that asked him to take his clothes off was the prince!
But in a way his brother was right. It was okay for Mycroft to have a secret relationship because at the end of the day the crown was not falling on his head. Sherlock would eventually have to marry for diplomatic purposes but he knew relationships like that were distant and the only purpose they served were to continue the line. He couldn't afford a distraction like John.
John rolled his eyes "Difficult. Did you finish your project?"
"How far apart are the contractions?" Oliver said palpitating his stomach.
John knew he was in trouble "Look-"
John placed his hand against his cheek. "Don't be. We have each other. Right now it's all that matters."
Sherlock rolled his eyes at John's stupidity "No it doesn't hurt just feels a bit weird. What are you doing here? You never want to come to these things."
They all nodded in agreement.
John was then brought out of his thoughts by an annoying tapping feeling and looked up to find his sister Harry sitting across the dinner table flicking peas at him.
John gulped still trying to get over his uncomfortable feeling of being here "I wanted to talk to you...about last night...."
*"You and your big, stupid, alpha cock! My mother warned me about you and I should have listened! If I did I wouldn't be in this position in the first place!"
Mike and Andrew walked in and set John on the couch. Mike walked back out "He had fun and that's what I promised."
"Thanks Jim."
John was half dressed when it happened.
Valerie Watson held her hand up to her sons cheek with tears in her eyes "Oh my boy I missed you."
Sargent Smith almost looked pitiful for the boy infront of him "Call it a day Watson. You're dismissed."
John glared at him "That's why you're waking me up? Sherlock...." He pulled the pillow over his head.
"Mummy, these clothes are itchy! I don't like them!" Killian said tugging on his little suit.
MORAIRTY SHINES AS SOON-TO-BE PRICE REGENT FLAKES
Sherlock has a slight deer-in-the-headlights look and puts his hand down quickly. "I apologise. I was look for John Watson but it seems I may have gotten the wrong dorm room number." He says and immediately starts to walk away.
Charlotte had no idea if she was doing well or not. She never saw him give her more then a glance. There were some girls who quit during the first few parts of the audition, at least she held on that long.
Siger nodded and turned to Richard who was standing by the arch of the room "Richard some tea please and maybe a few biscuits."
The royal family all stood behind Siger as he was at the podium in front of the press. Sherlock and John in his right and Violet and Mycroft on his left. Security was all over the place as well as parliament was seated behind the King in the stage.
"I know what that means!" John yelled "And you can bite mine too!"
John cleared his throat "Yeah when we go back to Scotland after graduation."
John wanted to be angry but couldn't bring himself to be. What if his friends were right? What if this was his last bit of freedom? He knew that the baby and marriage would drastically change his life but this?
John was taken back at the question and couldn't help but laugh a little "No darling who told you that?"
Caleb help up a small daisy that he had picked with the help of Chloe “Would it be okay if I gave him this?”
"I have complete faith in you Gregory."
"Fine." Sherlock said even though it wasn't the least bit believable. "Dinner is served by the way."
Now his heart really has stopped. In no way is this happening. This cannot be happening. Please God let it be a dream. "Mine? But I used a condom. And you weren't in heat." John says all too calmly.
"Get out!" Sherlock yelled. He grabbed his pillow and threw it at him "Get out and leave me alone!!"
John licked his lips in frustration as he looked at his daughter "Do as I say not as I do and Connor your sister is right when Christopher comes back out here you can help him carry it in if you like but as punishment both of you get to scrub the toilets for a month."
Persephone scoffed "Well save up some money and you can get your own. Why couldn't you be a masculine Omega like Mum? I seriously don't understand where you got your feminine side from."
"Marry me." John said simply "Not months or years from now but tonight. Marry me right now."
John and Sherlock locked eyes for just a second and Sherlock stood up and went over to hug his daughter. "I know this past year has been awful and I know I have been a poor excuse for a father but no matter what your Papa and I will always love you. If you think this is what you need to do we won't stop you."
Sherlock laughed and took a bite of the pie himself "I must say it's quite good."
Sherlock stopped in his tracks and turned around "You don't understand the concept of family! Families don't hide and lie! They love and love is a gift! Not an obligation." Tears started streaming down Sherlocks face.
______________________________________
“Hey!” she yelled and grabbed her spaghetti and threw it so it landed on Odessa.
This is not about another therapy session or another compromise. I know you're hurting as much as I am but I don't know what else there is left to do.
"Valerie..." Bruce said warningly.
"Hey sweet boy." John said with a smile.
John looked down in shame "I know and I'm sorry. It's just one of the many things I'm sorry for."
John shook off the officers "I came to talk to you. I'm not giving you a divorce!"
"Thank you Richard." Sherlock said handing his coat over. "John?" Sherlock said giving a questioning look.
Sherlock held out his hand "Well then...good luck to you John." He shook his hand and then walked away.
Sherlock smiled at his husbands interaction with their child "So are you willing to come with a selfish arsehole to celebrate your birthday?"
Cause: Explosion on the field.
No one was really speaking to each other, instead everyone picked at their food. John held Sherlock’s hand and smiled “Well, it could be worse. They could be screaming at each other.”
When John walked in Sherlock was in a hospital gown with a doctor in between his legs covered by a sheet. "John?" Sherlock said easing his head off the table slightly.
Siger stepped back a bit. "You are playing a dangerous game boy."
John nodded "I had forgotten how amazing it is watching you do that. Always turned me on slightly." John's eyes widened at his blunt confession "Sorry. Bit crude of me to say. Forget I mentioned that."
Greg sighed "That won't happen."
The children waved goodbye to their grandparents and Sherlock wiped off the fake smile he currently had on and closed the door. He then turned towards his children who all scattered afraid of what the backlash would be for telling on him to their grandparents.
John took a deep breath. This was going to be harder then he thought. "Do you remember that omega from the pizza place and last night?"
Charlotte took a deep breath. The smell of wood, rosin, and the light hint of various body sprays the girls would put on gave Charlotte the sense of being whole.
Sherlock shrugged. "Probably not but where's the fun in that?"
One day he over slept and decided he wasn't going to go until John found his dorm room and practically dragged him from his bed.
True to his word he kept Sherlock almost locked in his room the next three days. Guards were at every door and they even removed his phone, laptop, and any other sort of communication he could possibly use.
A younger cadet passed out waters to the tired ROTC students. John gratefully excepted and drank it so fast his head spin but the pain was worth the reward.
Sabian 13- Alpha (Adopted)
"My heat is in two weeks." Sherlock said quietly.
"No it's fine, just not used to it." Sherlock said.
"For the last time Sherlock you are not the victim here. You are the crowned prince of England and the next Alpha in this family, it's time you start acting like it."
Nothing was said even when Richard returned with the tea and some nibbles on a silver tray. Sherlock and John gave each other a weary smile as if to say 'well at least they're not yelling at each other.'
Cynthia was sitting at the table as she saw John come down the stairs "What are you doing pumpkin?"
John had met the overly cheerly/ no-nonsense women when his studies began two weeks go. While she was sympathetic to John's sadness of loosing his family she still made sure he didn't dwell in his own pool of depression. Between school and his new lessons at the palace John almost felt as if the world was saying 'you're too busy to be sad'. To top it all off Sherlock was attending to his own matters of state as well as hosting press conferences and lunches galore.
"Bah." Tristan said as he slightly smacked his hand against David's chest.
Sherlock threw Mycroft's arm off of him "I'm not a child! It's your fault I'm in here in the first place!"
Sherlock gave Mike a hard glare "I told you to have fun! Not to get him blitzered!"
John's palms were sweating. He was called into Sargent Smith's office and he was mentally going over everything he had done wrong in the past few weeks. He was certain he was going to get some news along he lines of not graduating in three weeks like he was supposed to, he stood at attention though waiting for the inevitable.
John rolled his eyes at his Mother's worrying "Not exactly on the priority list, giving us a home cooked meal. We had better things to do."
I will not fail in this so you could be comfortable with me being here all the time.
John immediately stood at attention with his bank straight and in salute. "Sir! Yes, sir!"
Sherlock looked down. "You don't understand John. The press, the court, my family. It will all be too much."
John's eyes went wide as Sherlock gave a questioning look. "Excuse me?" He said softly.
John couldn't help but laugh. "That's very true."
John climbed up the stairs and shut the door. It felt good to be in here, almost like a private sanctuary away from the cruel words of his sister. But if anything he should thank her, after all she did give him a new dynamic to the Sherlock predicament.
Sherlock's parents followed his eye line and his Mother's cheery face suddenly became cold and harsh. "Who is this?" She said.
Sherlock just scoffed "Just open them."
Afterwards I feel like I want to say something but everything was wrapped up in that perfect kiss. You laugh nervously as do I and we leave it at that.
Private David Moriarty: Killed in action.
“HOW COULD YOU DO THAT?” Sherlock yelled.
Zachary had enough and stood up pointing his finger in Violets face "Now you see here!, If your son wasn't spreading his legs like an omega whore my son wouldn't have been drugged into doing anything!"
Sherlock turned his head back to the view "Fuck off, Mycroft."
"Thank you Father, everyone for your kind applause and acknowledgement." John was surprised how well spoken and unlike Sherlock he was. "While I accept this task with honour I also accept it with sorrow for my father before me was a King among many. I will follow in his footsteps to provide you with the monarch you deserve and the willingness to dedicate my life to my country just as other have before me. I do this not alone though. Not only with the help of fellow supporters but with someone a little closer to my heart." Sherlock turned his head "I'm officially announcing as well that I have begun courting one John Watson and I hope with his guidance that we can continue to reform our country."
When Sherlock told him about their impending marriage as well as the need for a child as soon as possible he almost felt the world closing in on him. While the idea of bonding with Sherlock wasn't unpleasant and if he really had to admit to himself something he was secretly excited about, the idea of having a child was almost a panic-attack inducing thought. As if he didn't already have 3,000 other things to worry about now he had to think about squeezing out another human almost again his will. Sherlock ensured him though it would be something they would decide on together, when the time would be right and all John could think of was the fact that he would never want children. Sherlock looked so wide-eyed and scared that John didn't have the heart to break the idea that he would want children. Finally he just nodded and kissed his beloved cheek which made Sherlock smile. God, he was hopelessly in love with the beautiful prince.
The Watson kids all put their heads down and marched out of the restaurant. John turned to Sherlock and kissed his cheek. “I’ll call you later.”
Sherlock piped up "Nobody forced anything on anyone!"
"This is John Watson." Sherlock said calmly. "He's my husband."
Richard bowed slightly "Right away sir." And then left the room.
That took John by surprise. "What?"
"So Johnny, when do you start school?" Bruce said spooning himself another helping of potatoes.
"Alright no need to get hostile you two." Siger said calmly. "Violet, whether we like it or not these people have become our sons in-laws. We need to be civil. Please just talk with them. Please? For our unborn grandchild?"
"HE HAS TEN KIDS!!" All eight screamed. Then all hell broke loose as they all started expressing their concerns at once.
"My son is the reason I'm doing this. He deserves only the best and this way I'll be able to give him anything he wants."
"Very good." Alvin said going into a full bow and walking away.
After dessert people retired to the sitting room. Some of Sherlock's cousins pulled out their violins and cellos and started playing. People grabbed their mates and started dancing to the music. It was peaceful and wonderful to witness.
Sherlock groaned in annoyance "Why not just give the job to your golden son! He's far better suited for a life of being a pompous arse!"
_____________________________________________________________________________
Sherlock looked up from the camera on his phone and met John's eyes. John gave him a wink and blew him a kiss making Sherlock blush.
Sherlock nodded and headed to the elevator. The driver and Greg waited for Sherlock to press the call button but when Sherlock gave them a 'what-are-you-waiting-for look' Greg pressed the button.
John went through the door and looked up at the many stairs they were expected to climb. He followed Sherlock all the way to the top once again watching as Sherlock picked the lock.
Everyone looked up when Sherlock stepped in the room. "What's.....what's going on?" For the first time his mind couldn't focus.
"Oh my God they’re robots” Darius whispered to Persephone.
"Shheerrlock...." John slurred and giggled at the end. "I may haf hads once too meny drinksss."
Sherlock nodded. "So I assume we're going to spend it together."
Sherlock was at Scotland Yard in Greg's office finishing up some paperwork from the case he just closed. Jealous ex-wife killing her ex-husbands new wife to make it look like he killed her so she could gain custody of their two children. Open and shut case, tedious.
"On that note..." The instructor clapped and all of the girls stood at attention. "Today the audition will proceed as such: we will do basic stretches so I can see your natural forms, we will also be doing isolations across the floor so I can see how well you pick up choreography, and finally your solo auditions that you've come prepared with. Ladies to the bars!"
John's eyes went wide at the sudden onslaught of French. He took a wild guess and hoped that Sherlock was saying something along the lines of 'I love you' but at the same time he highly doubted it. "Breath. It's okay."
"Has my brothers failing marriage played any part in this decision?"
Sherlock gave his daughter a look "Valentina that's not very polite."
Sherlock lifted his head up in an effort to show the 17 year old Omega that he was not fooling around "Because I feel better if you two went together. Satisfied enough with that answer?"
Greg took in the calm while it lasted took a deep breath and started again "As I was saying-"
I guess it's over and it's done. Alright I guess I get what I need.
"John-"
Sherlock shook his head "No, nothing like that. He just seems so far away and distracted lately and I feel a little....put out."
Inside it were pictures of a pretty young woman and a handsome man. The photo's were taken ages ago. We figured that the man in the pictures was Schmuel but knowing that he had no wife to speak of gave us no hint to who this woman was.
Charlotte walked in. All the confidence that she had built up in the past year seemed to make her look much more mature and even beautiful.
Sherlock took a deep breath and looked at his watch again. 45 minutes to go. He was already starting to think about his nightly routine with his children when a scent it his nose. It was familiar yet in a way different. The smell of tea and the forest after a heavy rain with a light hint of pine, yet it bared an overtone of gun oil and a faded scent of apples. He looked around the room until he saw him......
John nearly collapses on the floor. A small panic overcomes him once again.
Sherlock gave a small smile. "I could never forget about you."
A few weeks went by and John hadn't seen Sherlock since. He kept an eye out for him on campus but their paths never crossed. He knew that a few of his mates shared the same class but he always had another class that clashed with their schedule so he could never stick around to run into him.
John cleared his throat “Uh…no. You’re mother and I just wanted everyone to match.” John straightened his back “and without further ado let me introduce you to my eldest Christopher, followed by Chloe, Cody, Connor, Clark, Clara, Carter, and of course Caleb.”
Killian pouted "I don't wanna!"
Sabian growled “You can’t tell us what to do!”
John decided to ease the tension a bit. "Cor' forgot how pretty it is up here."
Sherlock felt bile coming up his throat. He had never done anything like this before, so pedestrian, so normal. He looked back to the road where his driver was leaning on his car and Greg was standing next to him who was doing a very bad job at trying not to smile.
Darius pushed his sister as she walked by him "Don't call me a twerp, stupid!"
"I have to study. Sherlock doesn't understand that we all don't have a photographic memory and be a genius. I honestly can't believe he even set this up."
Mycroft spoke up "You know as well as I brother that my place is better served behind the scenes, besides you know the law, an Alpha must take the throne, I being an omega cannot."
Sherlock snuggled further into the mattress and closed his eyes in relaxation "Mm....how was your day love?"
Sherlock held his head up high "I wanted to apologise for.....kissing you...the other day. I don't know what came over me but rest assured it won't happen again."
One was bold enough to get close to Johns face. "Who are you love?" He said as he took his pictures.
________________________________________________
Sargent Smith walked back to behind his desk and picked up a stack of papers "I have recommended you for an apprenticeship with Doctor Philip Conner."
John was taking in the new room when Siger spoke up "I'm sorry about my mate. She's just very protective of Sherlock and well he doesn't bring Alphas around at all. Violet is just very passionate about our baby boy even more so with her being an Alpha. I'm sure once you become a Father you'll understand."
Sherlock stood up and went over to John "Well we have been together for awhile now."
There are so many dreams we need to see through together. So many years to be just us. We will never be complete or alive until we've done all we can do together.
We kiss and laugh. Our closet friends and family have joined us for this day. It's nothing fancy, just a simple ceremony at a courthouse. It's perfect for us though.
John smiled at the thought of home. "Yes, sir."
At the moment Sherlock was throwing his grandson in the air so he could hear those little giggles that could melt your heart. Sherlock fell into the role of being a stay-at-home grandparent and was finding he didn't mind so much. It felt like he could correct the wrongs he did with his daughter, almost like the universe was giving him a second chance. He still went on cases but only when David came back.
Sherlock nodded and smiled "I want you by my side through all this."
__________________________________________________
John nodded as he listened. "So how did you guess all that about me just a bit ago?"
Valerie rolled her eyes "I can't believe you encourage this."
They were getting married in the Holmes's backyard. John and Sherlock wore matching suits and Christopher was in a comfy white onesie and wrapped in the blue blanket with the lamb.
John raised his eyebrow "What's that suppose to mean?"
Sherlock rubbed the space between his eyes "I guess I'll have to break it to John gently."
"I got it." John said slamming the door.
"And your Father? What does he have to say?" Sherlock said.
John shook his head "I know it's fast and we've just reconnected but I've never felt so sure of anything in my life. It can be just like old times. I'm still bonkers about you."
Sherlock rubbed his belly willing the baby inside to stop wiggling so much, he had been still to long. "Honestly, you should have been able to figure out this one without me."
Sherlock rolled his eyes "Yes but you did not know my last name and if seems like the country is still obsessed with my personal life so now you know about who I am I just thought I'd make it official."
John rolled his eyes "Because that will accomplish so much, you twat."
"Now let us begin. Our performance season is not too far off." Madam Leeves tapped her cane against the ground giving the girls the signal to take their place. "Miss Charlotte?"
Sherlock kissed the top of her head. "I love you darling."
"We missed you so much princess." John said.
John looked down "About three months after you left..."
John raised his eyebrows and turned to his friend “How’s that?”
John nodded "I know, but I'm not one for public humiliation."
John shook his head "It's not what you think-"
"Marry me." John said simply "Not months or years from now but tonight. Marry me right now."
________________________________________________
"Sure." Greg said looking at him.
Sherlock smirked "Hello. How was rotation?"
David sighed. "Yeah. I honestly have been thinking about it since before Charlotte left and well....it's just best for everyone."
Jim tapped his shoulder “Leave that to me. Just head back to the palace and worry about your assignments.”
Sherlock gave a relieved sigh but only held it before another pain struck.
"Mum, I want to do what's best for me right now. I want to have my own life! What's so hard to understand about that!"
The study was warm with leather furniture, an extensive library, and furniture John was sure he would have to save up a lifetime for just to think about purchasing it.
John couldn't believe his ears. His family meant the world to him but to give up Sherlock? His heart was breaking at the thought. His Da seemed serious though and this was one choice that he knew no matter what would leave his heart in a million pieces. He wanted nothing more than his family there by his side forever but in the moment it was clear what he had to do. He stepped forward and kissed his Fathers cheek. "I'm sorry Da..." he said almost inaudibly.
Sherlock glared at the attendant behind the desk and half threw the clip board with his signature. The past two months had been utterly tedious and the sooner he got out of here the better.
"Well hasn't exactly happened yet so don't start popping the bubbly."
John roles his eyes "Believe me. You could show up here naked and my Mum will still think you're the best thing to ever happen to us."
John just stared trying to figure out the right words to say "I uh....I didn't know..."
"Wait....that's it?" John said calling after him "You tell me your pregnant, introduce me to your family and just bugger off?"
Mycroft and Greg started snickering obviously trying to maintain composure from doubling over into a full fit of giggles "To think I almost didn't come tonight." Mycroft said pulling himself together. "Do let me know how they take meeting your new friend." Mycroft started to walk away leading Greg with him.
John couldn't hid the smile on his face as he opened the door to his house. When he closed the door he leaned against it and gave a happy sigh. The engagement was sending his mood to a whole new level of happiness he never knew existed. He was so busy basking the his own glow that he didn't notice his Da sitting in his chair nursing a scotch. John's mood immediately shifted. "Da? Are you okay?"
The parents smiled wearily at their son. From the way the young couple was holding hands they expected perhaps a relationship announcement.
"John..." Sherlock sighed giving a shaky breath "I told you it's better this way."
"Now Violet...." Siger tried to sooth her by putting his hands on her arms "this is a good thing. John is our guest and we are perfectly happy with Sherlock bringing him."
Sherlock looked into his husbands blue eyes "Fine." He smiled weakly. "You....you know that I love you right?"
"So have you and John had any further talks about the move to Scotland?" Siger said.
John licked his lips and continued "And I met someone."
John watched as the drove away until the car was no longer in sight. "Until tomorrow Sherlock."
John relaxed but mentally made his body stiff.
John smiled at his husband "Of course. I'll continue that massage if you like."
"So you want me to apologise for something that isn't even my fault?! Fine! I apologise for you and for family being such pricks about everything!"
John raised his eyebrow "What are you-"
"One at a time!" Sherlock yelled. "You all know the rules!" Sherlock grabbed the skull that usually sat on the mantle. Something he figured out early on was to establish a way to communicate with his children without having so many voices talking at once. The rules were you could say anything you wanted without interruption or judgement as long as you had the skull. "Who wants the skull first?"
There was a few murmurs of "Goodby Dad." From everyone and John was off.
Sherlock straightened himself out. "Fine shall we-"
Caleb pointed his finger at his 11 years old brother Clark who was coming back out of the house to grab another box. "Clark said that the reason we moved here was so that you could drop me off at my new school and never see me again."
"Brilliant." Oliver then nodded to his team "It looks like you're entering transition and the baby is very low. We're going to get you out of here okay?"
John started becoming angry and grabbed his arm "No! That's not it!"
"I am sorry John." Sherlock said almost quietly. John looked up for his plate and stared at the sad face Sherlock was making. "This is a burden I've been used to and never considered the shift that this would cause you. I never imagined you would be so distraught. You don't..." He caught himself off before he could get overly emotional.
The question took her by surprise "I'm sorry?" She didn't understand.
Oliver quickly put the baby up on Sherlocks chest as he leaned back on the gurney. "It's a boy!" He said excitedly.
Sherlock goes back to his stretching "It's natural and it's not like you'll be doing any of the work anyways."
Sorry I haven't posted in awhile. It'll probably be me posting far and few in between for a little longer due to work and the holidays. If you want to see the dance/hear the song the Charlotte did you can look it up on YouTube Little Dancer-In Between. I'm in love with it!!! Thanks for reading. See you next time. :)
John walked up to Molly. "This is....um...." Hey placed his hands on her arms "You have to keep this a secret."
Before he could get anything out he was slapped hard across the face. She had even left a bit of nail marks behind. "HOW DARE YOU!" She then grabbed John by the shirt. "HOW DARE YOU! Not only do you get my baby pregnant but you whisk him away and marry him!! Without his family! Without my permission!"
John walked out of his math class with Andrew. It felt good to get out of there.
"Don't John. You'll just make things worse."
She claimed the steps to 221B and opened the door. Sherlock was on his laptop while John was looking through the papers with a highlighter in his chair. Neither of them noticed or maybe they didn't want to notice their daughter walking in.
Sherlock watched in fascination as John rolled the condom onto himself and saw John begin to push his fingers inside his leaking hole.
Sherlock closed his eyes "I've decided I'm quiting school. The baby will need my full attention and I know I will have to work eventually but while I can I'm going to spend as much time with the baby as possible. It's the best option I have."
“Okay” John said with a sigh “How do I do that?”
John glared as his sister.
Tristan had grown so much and was well on his way to talking perfectly he was such a smart boy.
David picks up. "It's fine. Honestly somewhere deep down I knew you felt that way but it just hurt to hear."
David awkwardly tapped her back in greeting and cleared his throat as he pulled away.
It was a silent ride back to the flat after that.
Violet sighed "Oh well." She took a step back. "You look absolutely wonderful Sherlock."
Greg pursed his lips together and started leading John into the maternity ward.
Molly Hooper was here though so it helped ease the awkwardness of not knowing anyone but she was currently trying to flirt with some new man.
John paced the hospital hallway outside of Sherlocks room. John nodded even though he knew Dr. Connor could not see him. "I'm sure. Although I thank you for the opportunity my place is in London. I'm going to be putting in a transfer to switch to a base out here."
Greg kept a serious face "I shouldn't be the one telling you anything John. All I can say is Sherlock was rather upset last night. We came here and....that's all I can really say on the subject. Sherlock didn't even want me to call you here. I've been kept completely out of the loop and every time I or even Mycroft try to go in his room he makes such a fuss we have to rush out of there."
Johns anger dropped and he approached Sherlock once again. "What makes you say that?"
Siger was the first to speak "Bonded?...."
"But we could do that here. I offered to do it together. "
Sherlock put his hands on his hips and turned to Greg with a mischievous smile "You know it's your own fault you're in this state, you know how crazy this house gets."
John couldn't believe what he was hearing he started pacing back and forth. "And if I refuse?"
The next morning John sat at his desk and tapped his pencil against his papers. Trying to work out equations brought on a light headache that he was trying to push through.
More rustling was heard "Fine. But what if he avoids me still?"
John nodded his head but looked down at the ground. Sherlock furrowed his brow "Why aren't you more excited? You graduated!"
"Two."
Sherlock was taken back by the anger and power this man presented. He cleared his throat "Hello, I'm here to see John. I'm-"
"No John, you really can't. You have always had a bad temper but lately it's been worse. First David, now me. I'm worried you're going to get out of hand and end up hurting our grandson."
Charlotte looked at it and handed it back. "No thanks I don't really drink."
David turned to her. "I've supported you this past year. Just please....for once support me. I promise I'll come back. I have Tristan to come back to. Please understand that I have to do this."
As he was lacing up his boots for ROTC he hoped that the physical aspect would help him get out his bent up energy from last night.
"Sherlock! Who is this?!" She said still holding the pan.
"I didn't even know how you got the consultation without me knowing." Mycroft said. "Surely you would think this thing through since Archimedes is still so young. He hasn't even been weaned yet."
Sherlock squeezed John's hand for reassurance. John took a deep breath "As you know this is Sherlock. We got married less then three months ago and he is five months pregnant.....with my baby."
Sherlock sighed ‘I hope you’re right.’
Sherlock smiled. "Excellent. We leave in an hour!"
True he has his royal duties and meetings at the palace but at least he knew that nothing could start without him and he used that to his advantage. Greg woke him up by cruelly taking away his blankets "Get up lazy bones!"
John adjusted his tie in the mirror, he usually hated dressing up but tonight it feels like a special treat. Since Mary died he felt that taking over both Mother and Father roles trumped any wants of a social life out the window and he was fine with that. Luckily in a family like his life wasn't very boring but still, getting a chance to have a conversation with actual adults seemed perfect.
Sherlock furrows his brow but continues "Well I appreciate your open mindedness because I'm planning to keep it."
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock whimpered and shook his head and started to cry again "I don't know." He hated how he sounded so desperate and seemed to loose all his intelligence but right now he just wanted the most powerful drugs to make the pain stop.
"Um...Sherlock I really don't think...." Within a matter of seconds the door was unlocked and Sherlock was on the other side of it.
"John look..." Mike said as he grabbed John. "You're my best friend so I'm doing this because I care about you." He then slapped him in the back of the head hard. "WHAT THE BLOODY FUCK WERE YOU THINKING!"
"Better for who? You? Because I think realised something tonight.....I think I'm in love with you."
Greg rolled his eyes "I wouldn't do that out loud. I'm used to your little magic trick since I've been with your family for awhile but others might not appreciate it."
John grabbed his backpack and script then they both headed outside and John locked the door. They both looked at each other for a brief moment before Greg pulled up with a car.
Greg furrowed his brow "Do you think he wants out?"
______________________________________________________________________________________________
Sherlock was trying to get a grip on his emotions, in defeat he sat back down on the chair. The baby was getting worked up by his emotions so he started to caress his stomach lovingly "Yes.....eventually John would have seen for himself that we would never work so....I let him go before he could leave me....I thought it would be easier this way...." A few tears leaked from Sherlocks eye.
Valentina and Edelweiss decided stand on top of the table trying to get height on Cody, Clark, Clara with Lucretia and Waylon acting as their distractions so they could nail the three with noodles and sauce.
"Rise and shine!" Mrs. Hudson sang as she watched the others set out John clothes for the day.
Cody rolled her eyes "Only because it too heavy for you dip-shit"
Sherlock cleared his throat. "Through his eyes I've learned that nothing is easy and hard work is needed in every aspect of life. He had taught me to look at the bigger picture of things and see where things need to be changed. With his help I plan to continue with the reforming of our laws to pioneer the rights for Omegas everywhere. I will dedicate my life with making sure everyone as equal right whether they be Alpha, Omega, or Beta. We are all apart of one great nation and we will continue to grow together. I thank you for your support and I hope I will make you proud." Sherlock turned to John and looked him in the eye "I also hope you can forgive me, and love me through all my faults when I stumble."
My eyes go big as they meet yours. I can honestly say I did not see this coming. Aren't I supposed to know everything?
And that one is my favourite, the North Star.
The officiant stood a little taller. "By the power invested in me I know pronounce you bonded. John, you may bite your Omega."
"Hey Molly." John says and embraces her.
Sherlock looked at his children "You'll all love each other. I'm not so delusional that I think it'll be easy for all of you from day one. Especially since they'll have to move here."
The pair headed to the back of the building to a locked stairwell. "Keep watch." Sherlock said as he began to pick the lock.
John was about ready to hop over the counter and strangle this nurse. Before he could begin to rip him a new one a familiar voice saved him.
Mike nodded "Still hard on them is it? You have what seven kids?"
"No! I don't think I want to! I want to make sure you can hear me over your stupidity!" He bellows and makes more noise.
"I took him out on a case and besides you lot, I couldn't have asked for a better partner."
"I care enough to try to keep you. I had this big row with my parents this morning and on my walk over here I realise I cause more harm then I do good. Everyone would be better off without me for awhile and maybe we'll all be able to clear our heads."
John walked closer "I came here to talk to you but please get away from the ledge." John held out is hands in a beckoning motion.
If this were a perfect world there would be no temptation. It would just be you and I and everyone else would look like they had a arse for a face.
When Bruce let go of him and he was once again able to breath he smiled at his Dad "Tried to Da."
You tell me you'll see me tomorrow and already I'm counting the minutes.
December 25, 2012
Siger looks around "This place looks a lot cleaner then the last time I was here."
John and Sherlock would ask her to do some chores to help around the flat but she would use the excuse of spending time with the baby.
Sherlock opened the door slowly. With the robe and the pyjamas you couldn't tell he was pregnant since he was still on the rather small side. "Hello." He said.
--------------------------------------------
Earlier that day John had woken up to the sound of banging dishes. He rubbed his eyes and went down stairs to see what the devil was going on. When he reached the bottom he saw his mother scrubbing their best China.
John got to witness Alvin in action when John was walking on the university campus and a paparazzi disguised as a student walked up to snap a picture. Before even John knew what was going on Alvin came out of no where and disarmed the man of his camera. He then took out the memory card and smashed it. He then picked the man up, gave him back his camera and said "Good day" as if he hadn't just knocked the man down on his rear.
Sherlock let himself relax and gave a half smile. "I promise you will not even notice them."
Bruce raised his hand and John flinched awaiting the blow that was going to happen but when he didn't feel the sting of a hand across his face he opened his eyes slowly. Bruce looked at his hand and then his son lowering his hand and speaking in a soft voice pointing his finger in his son's face "John" he said very seriously "Mark. My. Words. You go through with this, consider yourself fatherless."
The omegas eyes were a pool of green and blue. John couldn't remember the last time he'd seen something so breath taking as this omegas eyes. Realising he probably had been quiet for to long when the omega gave him a even bigger look of irritation. "Sorry but um....." Quick think fast he thought to himself "This seat taken?"
"Wow. Amazing."
John walked into St. Bartholomew's Hospital after sending off his kids to their first day of their new school. John dropped off Caleb himself as the little boy was still convinced that his Dad was going to leave him there. John would kill Clark for torturing his brother if he didn't love him so much. After much coaxing and tears, John was able to remove Caleb from his leg after a promise that he would be back soon.
"Last I saw they were in the kitchen Master Sherlock."
Sherlock looked up. "My Father is....dying. I am to be crowned King in two months. I have my duties I must attended in perpetration for that time. My Father will make the announcement next week."
"Are you really okay?" John said.
"Well, I try to be quite skilled at things."
His fear be damned, he was going to give it one last go and if after John poured his heart out Sherlock still did not want him at least he could say he tried.
David and Charlottes relationship was strained due to that fact that David felt she should spend more time with him and Tristan but Charlotte would just say she's following her dreams and eventually it would better all of them in the future. It was an old fight and it came to the point where David didn't even care. His son had to have at least one parent devoted to his well being. It also helped that Sherlock and John were grandparents from heaven.
Richard straightened himself up "I'm sorry Mr. Watson but I have been told not to allow you in on any circumstance."
Mike rubbed the back of his neck "Look I know you want to do the right thing and all by your kid but Sherlock has just come in and screwed everything up. Maybe this fight is a sign to toss it up to bad fortune. You can still get out. It's not too late."
John hid his head on Sherlocks shoulder trying to get his embarrassment under control. Sherlock who didn't know what to do decided to cut the tension a little bit. "I brought dessert. John told me you like cheesecake sir." He said to Bruce.
"Sherlock dear are you listening?" Violet said putting down her tea cup.
John looked deep into those blue/green/grey eyes. "More then anyone in this world."
_________________________________________
"I'll be careful." David said with a smile.
"I do"
Cynthia came and hugged her son tightly. "I'm so sorry sweetheart."
Charlotte nodded and reluctantly handed him back. Another round of kisses and goodbyes were said with tears all around. Charlotte headed towards her gate but before she turned the corner she looked back and blew them a kiss as they waved.
John swallowed hard and slowly shook his head. "No sir, it won't be a problem at all."
John didn't pay attention to the remark he just ran out of the building until he saw Sherlock getting in a cab. John hoped that his assumption that he would be going to St. Barts would be accurate.
Carter 6- Alpha
Mrs. Hudson dropped the pan on the floor "Your.....you're married.....oh Sherlock."
Sherlock smiled "If I have to stop heaven itself I will be sure that we will have some time alone then."
"I don't need any help. I'll handle it." Sherlock said without the usual bite.
John stood up with his back to Sherlock. "I don't want to talk about it."
Violet shut the door to the mansion and crossed her arms.
Sherlock and John both could do nothing but stay quiet and look at their daughter who had just finished yelling her lungs out and is a complete wreck from crying. Every word she says is true. It is all their fault.
I started writing a blog and it has blown into such popularity. I give all the credit to you though. If it wasn't for the adventures you take me on I'd have nothing to write about.
John giggled "Which brings me to my first point, you're a dick."
Greg handed Sherlock a bottle of water "Almost done?"
"Stay still!" The tailor yelled for the fifth time.
When John walked out he saw a woman bent over looking through the cupboards he was about to say something when she turned around and started screaming dropping the dishes she was holding, making them shatter in a million pieces.
Charlotte thought about what her parents said earlier but not wanting to be ruled by anyone and having really no desire to go back to the world of nappies and spit up yet gave her the decision. "Sure that sounds lovely."
John ran over "Hey! Break it up you two!" John pulled the two of them apart as their fists kept swinging "We're not even here five minutes and already you two are trying to kill each other."
Sherlock glared at John "I hate you so much right now! Leave me the fuck alone! I never want to see you ag-AHHH!!!" He screamed and then pulled John close. "I'm sorry John." He cried "I'm sorry for everything. Don't leave me, please don't leave me." Another scream tore through his throat.
John lifted Sherlock up and practically threw him on the bed causing Sherlock to begin laughing in-between kissing. John took a second to look at Sherlock "Hello Mr. Watson-Holmes."
I called Mary to come over and help pack by bags.
Christopher stood up putting his hands out “Come on everyone enough!”
Odessa came into the room wearing jeans and a blue blouse. She had her favourite black cardigan covering up the ensemble. She saw Darius sitting on her sister’s bed so she decided to join him and watch her sister apply the finishing touches to her red lips. “So what do you two think about tonight?” she said wearily.
John nodded and smiled "Brilliant, I've missed that old pub."
Charlotte was grabbing her bag and heading out the door when a few of the girls stopped her. "Charlotte wait up!" A girl named Amanda said. She had pretty blonde hair and was one of the principle dancers in the company.
Sherlock curled his fist in anger. This was completely unfair! He deserved to be happy! He was going to be King and no one could tell him what to do.
John opened his mouth in shock and stood there silent for a moment. "That was amazing."
David took a deep breath and looked to the front door. Bullshit this was normal. There was one person he knew he could talk to, someone who would happily give him options to hopefully ease the burden on his father-in-laws.
Eight months later it seemed like the world stopped and it was hard to breath.
Bruce nodded "I spoke to George at Traders. Said you could have your job back."
Both parents faces fell but Siger's face was more one of worry as he looked at his wife. They shook hands but Violet gave John a piercing stare. "Sherlock dear, you never said anything about bringing an Alpha around."
John stepped out of the bathroom in the new attire. "Well?"
"What do you mean?" Sabian said.
"Well then we'll start with the basics..." Zachary said "they will live in Scotland. John's base and our home is there and that way if John gets shipped off Sherlock will have us to help with the baby."
As Sergeant Smith walked away John felt a towel whip his bum and snickering.
___________________________________________________________________________________________
The younger children were happy to be hyped up on sugar but the older children just stared at each other staying on their own sides of the garden in the outdoor venue.
John could feel his eyes welling up slightly but refused to let the tears fall. "It says since Sherlock and I weren't bonded, that it's very cut and dry. He gets nothing from me and I get nothing from him but I do have to sign the papers by August 12th or face a court ."
Sherlock nodded "Yes please. And you better wake up your wife. We'll need a witness after all."
"Language boy!"
Sherlock stood higher trying to give off a presence of superiority "Well I wanted to be sure I was fully prepared."
Charlotte stood up and wrapped her arms around him. "God I've missed you."
Sherlock's cheeks reddened at the statement and he started feeling rather exposed. He started to grab the sheets of the bed to cover himself but John grabbed his hands to stop him. "No." He said. "It's alright. It's rather brilliant actually. It just hit me is all." To prove his statement John started to kiss Sherlock's stomach lightly before he moved on to his trousers.
Sherlock looked at John "Oh? Well I was hoping we could spend some time together...."
Sherlock and John both stood at attention next to each other. "Of course we are Father." Sherlock said.
"You weren't singing this tune when you fainted at their flat Cynthia." Zachary said.
Both boys fell into a fitful sleep and when John awoke the next morning he was the only one in the flat. Sherlock had an early morning class on Tuesday's so it wasn't surprising to find him not there.
Charlotte looks down at her hands. The tears have started forming "I don't know."
Sherlocks blue grey eyes looked up and the very faint rim of a tear threatened to fall. He shook his head "Not goodbye, just a see you later."
John saw Sherlocks expression turn sad and he knew it was partly due to him, still he asked "Are you okay?"
Sherlock put his hands up like he was trying to sooth a wild animal. "I didn't say you were a monster. I just don't want you to get so angry you become irrational and do something you'll regret. We have a baby in the house we can't afford you getting angry like this again. You need to talk to someone."
The guards then grabbed John as he struggled to keep ahold of Sherlock. "Let me go!"
Josh sighed and embraced him "How about we not talk about this for awhile. We've got a couple months before we leave and until then we'll just worry about the baby. Okay?" John said tilting his chin up to look at him.
In all his life John had never experienced the world move so quickly. Even getting shot and transported to medical aide seemed like slow motion compared to the media flooding in and Sherlocks guards coming and hauling then away into a private car.
Sherlock placed a gentle kiss on his grandsons forehead. "We'll be back later."
Sherlock kissed his neck. And lined his prick with John's hole and started rocking himself in. "God!" John said "Don't stop....feels so good..."
"I'll have my chefs make one as we speak."
"No. I was going to pick him up from class but then I remembered he has an appointment with his doctor today so I nixed that idea."
Archimedes 10 Months- Alpha
John leaned over and kissed Sherlocks lips. "What was that for?" Sherlock said.
Cynthia gave her husband a smile to humour him but John rolled his eyes and dug back into his cereal.
"I'm sorry John." Sherlock said sipping his wine and looking over John's shoulder to see his security looking back at them. "Maybe you should consider letting me arrange you your own security."
Sherlock shook his head. "No more gathering information on the decomposition of muscle after death."
Sherlock stood up "If that's his decision we should all accept it."
Sherlock looked away from John. "I'm...bullheaded, selfish, unkind. You shouldn't be forced to be with someone like me. I'm bound to my throne. As much as I want you by my side.....I can't risk you being pulled into my world. I will not ask it of you John."
Sherlock took in his daughters words, he hated that they were so much alike and she wouldn't drop it until she got exactly what she wanted, it was tedious and yet he felt a bit proud that she could argue until she was blue in the face. "Fine I'll go for one hour."
John smiled at Sherlock who gave him a wink and smiled back.
John nodded "I know."
Sherlock pushed himself up a little and gave his husband a deep kiss. He barely parted his lips from him "Don't worry John." He then kissed him again.
John smiled back "Get used to it. You may be the Prince but I'm the King of this pub and you're under my rule. First things first..." John went over and grabbed a mop and bucket and then shoved them at Sherlock "Clean the loo. And make sure you REALLY scrub the toilet bowls. The football team was here last night and they tend to wreck the place."
His Mum's eyes started brimming with tears.
Sherlock gave John a hard look and began storming off towards the exit of the stadium. John cursed under his breath and followed. When they were a good distance away from the crowds John decided to call out "Sherlock! Sherlock, please just wait a minute!"
Sherlock gave a smirk "How about tonight?"
Clothes began to be removed as they head for the bed. John's legs wrapped around Sherlocks hips as thief shirts where removed. Sherlock started to rut against John while trying to undue his trousers. Once they were finally undone he removed both his trousers and pants in one swoop.
"You think so?" A boy named James said. "I bet you're to much of a pussy to even try John."
Sherlock scrunched up his face "One is hardly enough John."
Bruce crossed his arms. "Isn't that just fucking convenient. You, an Alpha just happened to magically appear on more door step as my son is going through his heat. Like hell I'm letting you in there."
"But you don't want Tristan." David interrupts and his voice has gone cold.
John looked up with panic as well "Are you sure we can't make it?!"
Molly giggled lightly "Does it feel weird?"
_______________________________________________
Speak of the devil, Sherlock walked into the chamber where the fitting was taken place. "Very lovely." He said in approving voice. He walked up behind John and looked at them both the the mirror. He adjusted the shoulders of the jacket he was wearing and nodded in approval. "I told you navy was a good colour on you."
Greg furrowed his brow and looked up to meet Sherlocks eyes "So you defiantly leaving to Scotland then?"
Sherlock was angrily taking off his clothes and putting on his pyjamas "Why?! Your father seems to think we're children and an evolutionary flaw! We may as well start acting like it!"
Charlotte felt uncomfortable and after looking at the time on her phone decided that now would probably be a good time to leave.
John glanced at his parents and smiled then turned to Sherlock "Well, back to the beginning then?"
Greg smirked at John's optimism "Perhaps. But if anything your kid along with Sherlock would be more then enough children for the Holmes family."
Siger started leading her out of the room with Sherlock following them "No one said you had to dear."
"Alright." Sherlock sighed.
John blushed "No....we're married."
“Is that allowed?”
John pulled out the small container and sniffed it "It smells like my mums kitchen." He pulled out a fork out of the basket, took a big bite, and made happy noises "Steak and onion. It's taste exactly like my Mums." He kissed Sherlock on the cheek. "Thank you love."
Sherlock turned towards his four year old Killian and the other set of twins who were from Italy Valentina and Edelweiss aged 10. "Yes?"
I wouldn't have loved you at all if you weren't who you were I just want the support I show you every day.
"Mum!" John said exasperated.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Oh hush up. It's not everyday we have royalty at our house." She flitted about as she pulled out a roast which had been marinating overnight in the fridge. "That reminds me, could you pull out your fathers best shirt? I want to make sure it's nice and pressed."
A combination of “Hello “and “HI’s” went around the group.
--------------------------------------------------
Darius shrugged his shoulders “I think as long as Mum is happy we should support him. I mean….it’s kind of what we wanted.” He then looked in Persephone’s direction “Isn’t it?”
John shook his head "Well no, but I'm catching on quickly." he felt an uneasiness begin to take over.
Sherlock started going through the post that he had been ignoring for the past couple of days. Bills always went straight to Mycroft since Sherlock found them tedious and boring but some of his children's various school still insisted on send information through regular post instead of coming into the 21st century and just use email. Also every once in a great while Sherlock would get requests from clients about various cases so it was always worth going through it.
Soon plates were passed and dinner started. Not wanting to be rude Sherlock took rather large portions of everything with the full intent to eat every last bit of it even though it was more then he usually ate in a week. Of course John noticed but didn't saying anything.
He walked over to John and started to kiss his neck. John gave an exasperated sigh "I'm busy right now love."
John willed himself to remember all the information then noticed the cab started slowing down. They were in front of a huge mansion with quite a few cars parked in front of it. From a distance you could tell that there was a major event going on.
Sherlock nodded as the paramedics started hooking him up to a blood pressure machine and taking vitals.
-----------------------------------------------
Sherlock looked over at John. "I guess you can say that."
Sherlock looked at his watch for the third time in the past twenty minutes. Per Sherlock's doctor they were signed up for a birthing class and Sherlock had remained John of the time he need to be home at least five times before he left this morning.
For the first time since he stepped into the dorm Sherlock stares directly into John's eyes. "Pregnant."
The ceremony began and the guest speaker was some former alumni. He went on and on about how this is a stepping stone and enjoy the time you have. Sherlock huffed at the hypocrisy of his words, this man was gong through a deep depression that began with his wife divorcing him and sucking every pound out of his bank account. Sherlock could tell the only reason he was speaking today was the promise of a pay check.
Violet rolled her eyes "No they are not! As far as I'm concerned he is not married because he is not bonded, and if he's not bonded he has no other family besides us! So, why should I invite these strangers into my home and be nice to them?!"
"John-"
John nodded "Yeah it's good to be back. I'm glad I could give my children an opportunity to live in London for the time being, until the ship me off somewhere else."
________________________________________________
John angrily tossed the clothing over his arm "Don't mind if I do!" he then slammed the door on his way out.
"See you Sherlock." Greg said with a wave of his hand as Sherlock opened the door.
Sherlock swallowed his fear. "Yes sir?"
John was distracted by cleaning the dishes "Oh yeah?"
To give his family the reason why John was now staying here Sherlock had no choice but to tell his family about his and John's engagement. There was no surprise but only disconcerting silence.
Sherlock wrapped his hand around John's pens "Cum love."
"Well he's graduating. Probably stressing over that."
John smiled and held the note up to his lips hoping it wouldn't be too long before he saw Sherlock again.
"My father decided to throw me a surprise baby shower."
Bruce quickly smacked the hand away. "Get off my property."
"I'm being serious Mike! I'm married!"
Darius turned to his mum and said "I need 12£ for my science experiment."
"I'm going to have to at the bar next to mine."
Darius rolled his eyes "Yeah but your mascara is better."
Waylon eyes became wide and teary "They're going to live here? Are we moving out?"
Sherlock slightly tensed. "Dying?" He felt stupid repeating the information he just received and if he were anyone else he would have berated them for being so stupid.
Siger nodded. "I have leukaemia. The doctors have done all they could. They're giving me six more months at best."
The words stung but Sherlock remained silent and stared out the window looking out at the country that would one day be either his kingdom or his prison.
He could hear John give a deep sigh, probably going over every scenario that could happen. "When?"
"You didn't even come to my defence when he called me an omega whore!"
John felt his heart swell and couldn't help but to smile like an idiot. "Well then, I think you'll have to ask my Da for permission."
John pecked him lips "I love you."
"Yeah, at least when you get deployed we get a weeks notice." Conner said.
___________________________________________________
To John's humiliation his Mum did a curtsey in front of Sherlock. "How do you do your highness?"
Valerie pursed her lips and thought "I don't really recall."
Johns eyes went wide "You invited Harry?"
John gave his dad a questioning look "She is?"
Sherlock dumped the rest of the dust in the bin and looked at John. His suit jacket long gone and his sleeves rolled up "So how did I do?"
_____________________________________
John smiled back and took his Sargents hand "Thank you sir." John turned towards Sherlock. "Sherlock this is Sargent Smith who was the head of the ROTC program at the university. Sargent Smith this is my husband Sherlock."
I was on a walk the other day and I passed a book store that had you book under a sign that said "New and Recommended." I walked in and looked at your picture on the back and couldn't help but smile. I went to the counter to purchase it. I guess all things considered I don't have to buy it but I just couldn't help it.
John's eyes got big. For the first time in his life he was honestly scared he was going to die right here and now.
Zachary lifted his tea cup up to his mouth. "Well John knows better then that. Being one of the seniors in the company I send other people to do that. On top of that my hip doesn't let me travel far."
John sighed. This was getting pointless. Sherlock surely had better things to do then spend time with some low class Omega. John went to go grab his bag and leave when he heard the theatre doors open.
"No! Save it!"
Sherlock took a deep breath "Mother, Father, I'd like to introduce you to John Watson." Sherlock said standing besides John and grabbed his hand "John, these are my parents Violet and Siger Holmes."
John let out a breath as he felt a tug on his pants and looked down to see his youngest child's big green eyes staring back at him. "Yes Caleb?"
Sherlock wiped the tears that were still falling away "Thank you Greg but....what's done is done. There's no going back now. John has his own life and the baby and I will have ours."
_____________________________________
Sherlock kissed the top of his head "You'll be fine John. I'll tell you everything there is to know about it. I will make sure you're prepared for the banquet that will happen afterwards."
John crossed his arms in a pout "Why do you get to be Romeo?"
"Of all the stupid, selfish, moronic things you've done Sherlock, this is by far your lowest point. Bravo." Mycroft was pacing back and forth while Sherlock sat in the red chair and Greg was watching from the side.
Valerie took a deep breath and shook her head "Regardless, having a young Omega out in those conditions should be a crime. I'll never understand your need for danger."
Sherlock sighed "Well should I bring anything?"
The Watson kids all stood outside the restaurant called Angelo’s. Apparently it was their Father’s perspective Omega’s favourite restaurant.  John was trying to keep his feet at still as he could. If it wasn’t for his years of military experience he probably would be pacing. However, he was using his nervous energy to make sure each and every one of his children looked as presentable as possible.
His Mum gave him a mischievous grin "Who was that dear?"
"You're right, but in public it's not that good. Here." He handed him a few pounds. "Go buy us another round."
Why is it so fucking bloody difficult to just stop fighting!?
"I feel like where on one of those prank shows.” Odessa said. Sabian they elbowed his sister. "Ow!” she said.
"John, who is it?" Sherlock called from the hallway.
Charlotte stood up and glared at her parents. "How long has this been going on?!"
John felt his eyes start to burn with unshed tears. It all felt completely unfair.
They shared one final kiss.
John narrowed his eyes "Don't talk about him like that!"
"It looks that way yes." Sherlock said taking the photo back "In reality the man, his wife, and an rental car dealer made it seem like he was murdered so they could collect the insurance money and live nice and comfy for the rest of their lives. You know who solved it?"
Sherlock took a deep breath "It's no trouble. Better then the first time you met my family anyways. At least no one tried to pat me down and search for weapons."
Believe it or not the night before classes started was one of the busiest night at Traders. Students wanted to have "one last night of freedom" before having to commit to books and school work.
Sherlock glared "Being?..."
Charlotte saw the check-in which meant her goodbyes would begin now.
"Are you okay?" Siger said gently.
John slowly pushed himself into the velvety heat and both groaned together. When he was all the way in he began to slowly thrust.
The doctor looked to Siger as he pulled the needle out of his arm and stood up. Everyone in the room held their breath as the doctor cleared his throat. "I'm sorry. I can try to make you as comfortable as possible."
"The King?" Asked John.
I can't believe you're actually are here. Your book tour that you've been on seems to have stretched forever, but who could not love the words you write about our adventures? You are an amazing person.
John knew he would never ceased to be amazed by his now husband. "Thank you so much for this Judge Peterson." John said and shook his hand.
Siger decided to change the subject "So you thought of any names yet?"
John just stared back at Sherlock giving no sign of confirmation in understanding what he had said. Sherlock took a sad breath and kissed John's temple and walked out the door.
"Mum, I'm serious!" Persephone yelled to him "We'll get you a mate soon enough."
"No." Sherlock says trying to pull John back. "Leave it."
Amanda grabbed her hand. "Drink up! There's plenty more where that came from!"
Sherlock crossed his arms and pouted this wasn't going to end until he said so but he was going to try a gentler approach. He laid down next to his husband and snuggled really close and started kissing his neck "John....just come with me right now please. There's just a tiny thing I want to show you."
Greg gave an exasperated sigh "Are you going to grab anything else?" He called after Sherlock.
________________________________________________________________________________________________
Adding to the usual chaos was the fact that he had to plan everything according to centuries of traditions. John wanted to wear a blue suit but was being forced to wear white to symbolise his purity. He didn’t want roses because they were cliche but had to have them because they were in the Holmes family crest. He wanted his father to walk him down the aisle but since that definitely wasn’t going to happen there was no point of even wishing for that. It became more and more difficult to stamp down the longings for his parent.
It doesn't help that now that my book has hit the top charts I've been getting invitations to attend all these parties and awards shows. My publisist says it good for the image to mingle with people higher up then myself.
Sherlock looked confused "I thought you were on my side."
Sherlock went over and cupped Johns face. "That is not at all what I want." He wiped the tears that spilt down Johns cheeks with his thumbs. "If you'll have me, when my Father announces my coronation I'd like him to also announce that I'm officially courting the best Omega in all of England."
David pushed the pram that held a gurgling Tristan. He couldn't help but smile at his son.
"I do"
_____________________________________________________
Greg cleared his throat and put his hands on the doors "You ready?" He nodded to Sherlock.
Despite John's unwillingness to follow he didn't want to cause a scene so he just followed. The walked to the corner of the room and stood in front of a man in a dark blue suit with black hair and brown eyes.
"Yes?”
John shook his head "I don't understand a word."
"After all, we always do."
"No it's more then that. He's changed somehow."
Turns out the small get together that it sounded like it was going to be turned out to be a huge party. The girls at the ballet company were older then Charlotte and were drinking and making out with the boys.
Sherlock held out his hand to the portly man who had his arms crossed and his face practically made of stone.
John groaned when the light from the outside came into his room from one of the maids pulling it open.
John looked up from the current task of tying his shoes and grinned. "I don't think so. Got a lot of papers due and need to focus."
John dared and as much as he could leaned over and took a peak on the other side of the sheet where he saw the top of the baby's head. He instantly regretted that decision as his face went white and he started to feel slightly woozy. He shook his head to clear it as once again Sherlock pushed.
It was soft and wonderful and I couldn't help but feel hot and light headed. You bite your lip as you pull back but I let you know it was not unwelcome by kissing you back.
Sherlock panted "Make love to me John."
They practically ran into Sherlock who was standing with a picnic basket and glared at Andrew. "The kind that made a picnic and plans to fuck his husband senseless tonight." Sherlock answered.
That didn't help either. His head wasn't there and he was slacking more then usual. Finally when they were doing drills across the field and John tripped and faced planted himself onto the ground his Sargent yelled "Watson!"
June 23, 2011
"What?" Sherlock said harshly.
One month. One blissful, stupid, month. To be fair, in hindsight Sherlock was surprised it lasted that long.
For a bit though Sherlock was almost thankful for the visit today. John and his bonding ceremony was just a mere five days away and as much as he hated the idea of inviting his family, John somewhat insistent. Not surprising as John was such a family man and if memory serves correctly both John and his parents loved each other so it shouldn't be too big of a shock.
Tears rolled down Sherlocks eyes "John....if last night has proved anything it that we are two completely different people. If it wasn't for the pizza place we would have never been together that night and I would have never gotten pregnant. I take full responsibility for everything that has happened. It was childish of me to think that I of all people could have a normal life. A baby, a husband, it was too high of a target for me to shoot for. Alone is how I need to be and alone is how I need to stay."
My hands fidget at my side. I've never been more nervous in my life. I know you love me but it still doesn't ease the fear that you might say no to me.
Sherlock spoke in a hushed tone and watched Johns lips as he spoke and couldn't help getting even closer to him until they were practically a breath apart. "Sin from thy lips? O trespass sweetly urged.
Mycroft gave a condescending smile "The male you're currently distracted by. His name?"
"Yes I am." Sherlock said surprisingly calmly as he patted Archimedes back.
"But-" she tried.
John narrowed his eyes at his eldest daughters but in a playful tone said "You have your orders march back to the truck and grab a box."
Sherlock just rubbed his temples trying to delete the awkward conversation.
John feels as though the ground is going to swallow him whole. A father? It's not possible.
Sherlock shook it off "No. It's okay. Shall we try again?"
Of course traffic had to be bad and John thought he was going to go crazy. He kept looking at his watch hoping he wouldn't be too late.
John gave a smile. "Absolutely."
Sherlock stood a little straighter "Let it be known I will not have you throwing yourself at me. I do not need some witless Omega wanting to fuck me."
Charlotte beamed "That's great! I'm trilled at now that I'm back we can work on us."
John was upstairs in his room talking to Sherlock on the phone. He thought it fair to warn him about what he was getting into.
"Cheers!" The boys yelled.
John smiled and looked to Sherlock for permission. Sherlock tilted his head to the right and bared his throat. Johns mouth watered at the sight. He then leaned forward and breathed in Sherlocks sent, he then lightly kissed the sight and then bit.
John furrowed his brow "Excuse me?"
Bruce pushed Sherlock until he was out in the street. "Go away! Jailed be damn, you come on this property again I will kill you. I will make any sacrifice I have to, to protect my son." Bruce turned around and headed for the door slamming it behind him as he went in.
The girl smiled but it was definitely forced "I'm sorry I probably should introduce myself." She held out her hand for him to shake which he reluctantly took. "My name is Marry Morstan. John and I grew up together."
And that's the North Star, your favourite because it will always lead you home.
Every word out of Charlottes mouth stabbed him in the gut. "You're drunk Charkotte."
John nodded "Yes, enough for a lifetime."
_________________________________________________
Tears kept spilling down his cheeks "How do you know that Greg? No one can love me....I am an outsider. I hear what people call me, a freak. The baby is all I have left and...if I stay here and the baby heard that, they'll start believing it too and then leave me as well. I can't loose the only piece of happiness I have left Greg...it would kill me..." Sherlock began sobbing hard.
John blushed "So are you back here for good?" He asked hopefully.
"Ta." John nodded.
"Not any longer. You are an interest to the public. You can no longer live a normal life."
John gave a questioning look "Why what's wrong? Is he already bonded or something?"
He was treated to a manicure and a facial and a massage to relax him. Fine oils and perfumes were sprayed on him and lotions that made his skin feel like silk were put on him. His eyebrows were plucked to clean them up a bit and his teeth whitened.
__________________________________
---------------------------------------------------
Sherlock smiled "I'm going as fast as I can." He said a little breathless.
John lightly tosses Sherlock on the couch and both boys giggle as they continue snogging.
Mycroft wiped the crumbs away as he stood up "Well if that isn't a good example of what I was talking about." He then turned towards the door. "Mother, Father shall I escort you out?"
Sherlock rolled his eyes but nodded "Fine. But I deserve a treat afterwards. A nice murder perhaps?"
Sherlock looked up and had a sad look on his face. "I'm sorry Greg my mind is otherwise preoccupied."
It was the omegas turn to look surprised. "Really?"
John groaned and turned as much as he could with his husband on top of him "What?...are you okay?"
Have I mentioned today how lucky I am to be in love with him?
That one is the Big Dipper right?
Luckily before he could say anything there was a knock on the door "I'll get it." John said thankful that there was a saving grace to get him out of this conversation.
John's smile widened "I'm glad you're doing so well for yourself."
"She's not wrong though." Sabian said slightly under his breath but loud enough for everyone to hear.
Chloe held her brother close and Caleb buried his head to take in her Omega scent. "Sure." Chloe said softly and went into the house.
"Your highness!"
The families continued to stare at each other until john cleared his throat and broke the silence.
Before he allowed himself to wallow in self pity there was a hard knock on the door. He struggled to get up for a second but eventually made his way over. When he opened the door he saw John being supported by Mike and Andrew clearly drunk out of his mind.
_____________________________________
Both needed to stop eventually because of lack of air but they still held their faces close "I know we can't bond until you go into a proper heat after the baby is born but I think we're meant to be together." John got down on one knee and took off his class ring.
Amanda and some of her other friends were standing around Charlotte. "We were wondering if you would like to come and hang out at my flat?"
Out of nowhere a paper was thrown on top of the work he was doing. He looked up ready to tell the person off but was silent when he was met with an angry looking Sherlock.
"Please Molly." John begged. "This has to be kept between the two of us. Please."
David stood up. "Hey! You left me for an entire year! We agreed that I would be able to do what I want when you came back. This is what I want Charlotte! I want to provided for my son and serve my country so I can feel like what I'm doing matters!"
“This is ridiculous. My presence makes absolutely no difference.” John said coming to a stop in front of the press conference door.
One of the boys threw John over his shoulder.
Sherlock
Mike nodded and looked at his watch "Well I better let you get set up for your class and I better start getting prepared for mine." Mike turned and walked towards the door "See you at lunch?"
Tristan walked up to his mum and put his little head on her shoulder as Charlitte started shedding tears of sorrow and hopefulness.
You tell me about the different things you've been doing and seeing and I tell you about the latest cases I've been on. Everything is dull without you. You are the only one that makes me feel normal.
Charlotte thinks for a second. "How about I propose a deal?"
"Are you sure John?" Doctor Connor said over the phone.
Sherlock looked down "I know you just be very angry with me, but know I respect your son. We kept our relationship secret to avoid the press. I did it to protect him. If I could please just have a few moments with John."
John took a subtle sniff but couldn't really pick up anything. The smell he faced almost had a sterile scent to it, like a house with too much cleaner but underneath he could ditect the faintly sweet smell of Omega but only if he tried really hard.
Like the other day I was in a sandwich shop and this beautiful pair of breasts walked in and she smiled at me.
"This is my last vow...I'll start over....no, we'll start over somehow."
The boys immediately began scanning the restaurant.
Zachary came in defence of his son "John makes money with his internship and the army will cover the rest. I'm sure your sons trust fund is just an added bonus. If anything we could afford to help them."
(See the end of the chapter for
John accepted the letter as his hands started shaking with excitement. "Sir, I really don't know what to say..."
Violet appeared at the door with a hard look "Thank you Richard that will be all." She said.
"Oi, mate. You okay?" Mike says approaching a rather pale John.
As sad as this case ended I will have to say that I found it incredibly romantic that after all these years Schmuel loved Odessa so much that even though he was out of his mind on drugs he wanted nothing more then to be close to her.
Charlotte couldn't tear her eyes away from the grave. "So this is how it ends then....you and I never making up for time we should of had together. Instead you just leave me here by myself to raise our son alone. I was thinking the other day how different my life would have been if I never met you. Fuck you for making me think that this life could be fair. You promised to love me and you actually kept that promise. As much as the past hurts and the way things happened between us I don't regret it. I would love you all over again given the chance.....and so love, our life is over, but I'll make you one last vow...."
"Hello, Holmes family.” Johns smiled a little shocked at the spectacle before him. “These are my children.” He gestured to his wide eyes family. “Children.” He said trying to draw in their attention. “Don’t you have something to say?”
Sherlock couldn't help but smirk at the scene playing out in front of him. "We can stay here tonight if you need us."
"Daddy! Papa! I'm so glad to be home!" She hugged and kissed them both.
"Stop it Charlotte! We have a baby upstairs! God! How could you he so stupid!" He said throwing her hand off of him.
John sat in the back of Alvin's car clutching a bag with some of his possessions crying. He practically had thrown all his stuff in the car not having enough time to properly pack. He heard his mother in the other room begging her Alpha to be reasonable and to not take away her only son but Bruce had been unmoving. John didn't even get to say goodbye to her as his Dad kept their bedroom door shut not letting either party in or out. Alvin had helped Jon pile in his things and they had been off.
John hugged him and walked into the kitchen where Sherlock reading case files.
Killian 4- Omega
Mike nodded "So how's the family? I heard that Mary had passed." He said sombrely.
Mycroft sighed "I have to go do some damage control over this nonsense. Let's hope they're merciful."
Sherlock flopped himself on his bed then proceeded to through a somewhat tantrum by kicking off his bed sheets in a fury and making angry grunting noises.
Johns heart clenched. This couldn't be good. "Alright."
"And you can't afford to miss on your son growing up." John said.
Sherlock took John's hand. "I can forgive you John if you can forgive me for all the lies and deceit."
They laid spooning after such a session. Sherlock lazily kissed the back of John's neck as John reached back and ran his fingers on Sherlock's face very slowly.
Sherlock scoffed.
As he was getting comfortable his door opened and John looked up expecting to see an eager but nervous student walk through the door. Instead Mike Stamford, his friend back in med school walked in, he looked different with the few extra pounds on him.
They ran down the hall as fast as they could. They ducked in and out of the campus trying to find a way to get away from them. They ended up in the theatre and Sherlock locked the door behind them.
Tonight was the night that they would be meeting John's children, somewhat of a "practice run" of the bonding ceremony that would be taking place the following week.
John looked at the photo with an empty car and blood in it "Its a car I'm guessing someone was murdered in it."
Sherlock looked offended "It's not a magic trick. I'm just observing. And when things go wrong at the palace you don't seem to mind it."
Greg and Sherlock sat in the back of the pub as Sherlock stewed and Greg drank. "At least act like you're having a good time." Greg said almost under his breath.
Sherlock
(See the end of the chapter for
As soon as the doors were open thousands of reporters began taking pictures and asking questions.
A slight blush creeped into Sherlocks face "I could tell you were trying to pick up my scent but I wear a Beta neutraliser out of habit due to my line of work. Sorry."
Mycroft looked at the boy long and hard. This boy trying to become a man with no guiding light but himself. "As you wish."
Siger sighed "That boy is going to be the death of me."
"I'd like to do something at least."
"I trust that you're taking in your new surroundings well?"
Clara and Carter dropped the box with a heavy thud. Clara looked at her Dad "We wanted to help get the big stuff."
"But darling don't you understand? The chance may pass you by and before you know it, it could be too late."
Bruce light punched his sons arm in good spirit "That's my boy. Let no man stop you. You got the makings of a true tough. Unlike the fancy poofs these days who can't seem to understand what goes into a hard days work."
John tried to think that name sounded so familiar but he couldn't remember for the life of him where he had heard that name before.
Mike ran up to him "Oi! John! Where you've been? You just buggered off last night without saying a word then I get back to our dorm and there's boxes. What's going on?"
Sherlock curled in on himself and refused to answer.
"Happy?!" Bruce laughed "You think that cock on two legs cares at all about yer happiness boy-o? You think he cares at all that you got a brain in that head of yours?! All he cares about is getting you up the duff and making sure you bend over and give it to him eight ways to Friday! Yer an arse if you think any different!"
They were lead immediately to the main room of the palace. The staff tried to look like they were busy but Sherlock could see that they couldn't keep their eyes off the wayward prince looking just as disheveled as he left.
______________________________________
Charlotte tries to wipe away her tears but it's no use. "There's a part of me that loves him to death. That wants to be there every waking moment of his life and detests the decisions I make to be away from him. Then there's the side of me that's greater then that side. The side that can only see all failed hopes and dreams in his face. What makes me so angry and frustrated though is he's a perfect baby!" She's out of her chair starting to pace and yell. "I feel it would be justifiable if my son was a whinny little snot nose baby but he's not! He doesn't cry, all he wants to do is smile and laugh! Since he was born I wanted to hate the baby so much but I can't! I want my own life back! When David raped me and forced me to bond with him I had this argument with myself about why I couldn't let Uncle Mycroft stuff his body in a bag and throw him in the Thames and the bloody fucking reason is because I somehow love the bastard! After what he did to me I couldn't let him go! Who else would love me after what happened?! No one would see me as anything but another alpha's omega whore! I could no more live without David then I could breathe! Then I got pregnant and the thoughts I had of it just being David and I pursuing our own paths with each other burned down in flames! I kept Tristan because David would have left if I didn't and I would have killed myself before I would let that happen! Tristan is just the reminder that no one will ever love me the way I want them to! My dreams of traveling across the world under a ballet company are gone! You know what I realise though?! That this all wouldn't of happened if it wasn't for you two being such shite parents!! When I needed you most neither of you were there! Papa, you promised you would always be there and that bad guys would never win and what a load of shite that was! You two are the worst parents because it was you Dad who killed Moriarty! It was you Papa who let him! It was Dad you didn't tell you about Sebastian and it was you Papa that let him kidnap me and force his son to rape me! Both of you are the most selfish, inconsiderate, lothesome, arsehole, parents that don't even give a fuck about what happens to their daughter as long as they have their next criminal to chase! So thank you so very bloody fucking much for the life you set me up for! You two have done a splendid job!"
Greg's eyes went wide "Sherlock....have you thought this through?....what about school? What about if you need help with the baby?"
Your lips are soft and your tounge is sweet. I could just live in this moment.
Greg through up his hands in frustration "For a genius you are utterly thick! You still love him you moron!"
You don't have to change a thing about yourself, just stay with me.
"I need to speak to Sherlock please." John said.
"Why haven't you and Mycroft had any children. I see the way you look at Sherlock and help him out and it seems like you'd be a natural parent."
He made a decision. He would tell John it was all a mistake and then get on with his miserable life.
________________________________________________
"Omega, are you ready and willing to be bonded?"
"STOP HARRY!" He then stood up and loomed over her.
John pushed her hand away in slight annoyance. "No. I'm just...." John got quiet for a bit. He wanted to talk to somebody which he always went to his Da but for some reason he didn't feel like he would be the best person to talk to about his relationship. As much as it pained him his Mum would have to do. "Did you and Da ever disagree on something? I don't mean a small something like what to make for dinner but a big something, possibly a life changing something?"
The man in the suit smirked "In the kitchen currently helping the staff set up the cheese tray." The man in the suit gave John a once over and made John feel extremely judged just by the look. "Are you going to introduce us to you friend?"
John shook his head in confusion taking himself out of his concentration "I'm sorry what?"
"John Hamish Watson." The speaker called out. His name was met with great cheers from his friends and Sherlock took out his phone to take a picture of John receiving his diploma.
He walked into his empty class room as the students wouldn't be showing up for another half an hour and John breathed in the silence. He went over to his desk and laid down the briefcase he had been holding and opened it up to take out the syllabus to prepare for his students.
______________________________________________
"John...we talked about this."
Mary made a quick glance over clearing trying to judge him. "I knew he was here and I've tried to get a hold of him but he seems to have fallen off the face of the earth. How do you know him?"
John went out to the front of the house where it seemed all his children wanted to be witness to their Dad leaving. "So what do you think?" He said sticking his arms out and displaying his outfit.
Persephone frowned. Out of all of her siblings Darius was the only one who ever brought up the fact that either they were artificially inseminated are adopted. It was like an unspoken rule that you never bright that subject up. They all belonged to Sherlock and he was enough for them all.
After two hours of stretches and isolations Madam Leeves released the girls.
Siger looked at his son for the first time with sad eyes. It almost took his breath away, his Father was always strong. "I'm dying Sherlock."
Finally a pause. "I don't know."
Sherlock whimpered and nodded as he wrapped his arms around John's neck and his legs around his waist. "Please."
"You're not 'buggering off' you're just going out and having a drink and talking to people who haven't either shat themselves in the last 24-hours or needed you to feed them. I'll even babysit but you should go!"
For once Sherlock did not scoff at the statement about keeping house and home just because he was an Omega. Instead he also smiled as said "I do."
"This is John. Leave a message."
Sherlock and his father were walking through Piccadilly Square going in and out of shops and stocking up on bits of baby necessities.
Sherlock wiped a stray tear away from his eye and composed himself somewhat "I told you in the beginning that you have no obligation to me. I am more the capable raising the baby on my own. If you want this badly enough then you must not want us." He then began to walk away.
John's eyes went wide "Sir....he's the best field doctor in Europe...."
John knelt down on the ground so he was looking at his youngest face to face "Well not for a little bit but next week you will."
Having enough of this Sherlock shook John violently "John! Wake up!"
John started to blush a little bit by the sentiment behind the words, even though it wasn't exactly Sherlock's words he felt as if they were meant for him. He swallowed the lump in his throat and began to speak again "Then have my lips the sin that they have took."
Sherlock gave John a small smile but John could tell Sherlock was just as excited as he was.
John gave him a hard look "Listen I am here to learn and get my degree. I don't care if you're the Prince but I do care that we are lab partners and I partially rely on you to get a good grade. So do your work, show up to class, and we don't have to think, talk, or see each other otherwise. Got it?"
'Fair point' Greg thought but he still wanted to strangle the boy. "3rd floor room 2."
"Are you okay son?" Siger gently said approaching Sherlock.
And that one is Orions Belt?
Both his parents stopped what they were doing and stared at thier son. Zachary though didn't let the silence last long "Are you mad?! You are this close to being done with him for good and you're going to go back?"
Sherlock was about to speak but John walked in the room. "What's going on?" He said picking up on the tension.
"Charlotte Watson-Holmes?" Charlotte perked her head up and grabbed her bag. She gave her iPod to the person controlling the sound system and showed him the song to play. Afterwards she stood in the middle of the floor with with feeling of being completely alone in the universe.
"Sherlock-"
March 12, 2012
"I won't leave I promise." John spoke and grabbed Sherlocks hand.
"You need to relax." Sherlock said as he began rubbing his shoulders.
"Unfortunately."
"How about him?" James said pointing to the other side of pizza place.
John remembers his mother talking about the recent happenings with the royal family but never cared for celebrity gossip all that much. "Oh yeah. Whatever for?"
Sherlock looked down at his stomach "I don't know....I don't want to leave but I know why John wants to go back as well."
Siger put his hand on his sons shoulder "You know if you were an Alpha Mycroft I would happily give you the throne. But you know my feelings about laws and traditions."
Mycroft approved John. "Well I'm sure the manners you were raised with will do."
______________________________________
Tristan squealed and David chuckled. When he looked up Charlotte had bolted into the bakery and her eyes searched. When she saw them she sat down at the table.
Other then that he was doing as his parents asked until he got....the news.
John turned his head and saw a rather young male omega. Very attractive with his dark locks framing his face and alabaster skin. Thin frame that could clearly be seen underneath the tight suit he wore and Cupid bow lips. He seemed to be rather invested in the big textbook in front of him, muttering to himself and on occasion writing something down in the note book next to him.
Febuary 5, 2014
Sorry this is such a short chapter but the next one is them telling their children about their bonding and I wanted that to be a chapter in and of itself. I will try to have that chapter up no later then next week!
Siger sighed. "It wasn't the time or the place for you to know. It's why I was pushing you to get your act together. I thought I had a little more time to condition you but it seems I have come to a wall." Siger took a deep breath and stood up. "You are to be crowned King in the next two months. I will make the official announcement next week."
They went back to John's dorm room so he could change out of the track shorts and old t-shirt he was currently wearing. Sherlock began looking through a few of his clothes. "Don't you have anything nicer?" Sherlock said.
Sherlock thought for a second and the grinned "I know of someone who owes me a favour."
Clara 8- Omega
John quickly stripped and jumped in the shower with the other Alphas and Betas. The omega trainees had other changing rooms for obvious reasons.
________________________________________________
As soon as they got to the flat Sherlock stomped his way up the stairs and practically slammed the door in John's face.
John kissed his forehead "Alright."
Sherlock put his hands behind his back and dropped his head. "Matters of diplomacy that unfortunately I had to see to. But I wanted to speak with you John."
John became angry "Look, I've worked hard to get where I am and no stupid, whinny, omega whore is going to take that away from me! Just because I put a cheap ring on your finger does not mean anything in this decision I made!!"
"I'm sorry."
"He didn't mean that! And your mother was no help either!"
John looked at the team and thought. "Well." He said annoyed. "Let's get this over with."
May 14, 2015
Charlotte just remained silent throughout the ordeal.
John looked at Sherlock who was staring ahead but not saying anything. John felt completely alone in this fight. "Well thank you for a lovely evening but I should be heading home soon. Don't want my patents to worry."
Judge Peterson looked sceptical at him "Are you sure?"
Sherlock started tapping his stomach in thought "Compromise...."
Sherlock was walking rather fast for someone his size. "No! You lied to me!"
"Like what?"
Mycroft raised his brow at his brothers comment. "Due try to keep yourselves in check. You are supposed to be setting an example."
"Pleasure sir." Sherlock said with his hand stretched out. Bruce took it and almost cursed Sherlocks fingers in the process.
Greg groaned "You know it might help your situation if you were pleasant. Maybe then you could make some friends and make this place bearable."
Sherlock nodded "Yes, just so later when the news does come out and they ask me who the father is I can at least give them an idea of who you are."
"Wouldn't miss it for the world."
Their home was always in complete disarray with toys and clothes thrown about. Sherlock never really cared though, his children deserved a safe haven to be and do (within reason) whatever they wanted and as long as they were happy and healthy, well, what more could he ask for?
Captain Watson. Such a funny title but John was proud of his military accomplishments. He rose through the ranks quickly and was even the most sought out army doctor in all of Europe. With all his accomplishments career wise, he always felt his greatest accomplishments were his eight children, which consisted of five Alpha boys and three Omega girls, and were at the moment once again moving into a new house after his latest transfer.
Siger glared back at his son "I cut you off financially and put you in a rehabilitation Center until you say yes."
Judge Peterson looked to John. "Do you John Watson take Sherlock Holmes to be your lawfully wedded husband? To bond together in sickness and in health as long as you both shall live? To protect and provide as all Alphas have done before you?"
The other lads started laughing. "He'll probably lactate along with Sherlock." James said.
Sherlock interrupted by showing him a picture of yellow graffiti "Chinese smugglers who were upset over a fellow member of their gang stealing from them. They killed anyone who got in their way and I stopped them! Don't you see John I have so much to do here! You could help me on cases. You're a medical man you could help me when I need someone to feed off of. We could do this together."
John shakes his head as he tries to pack a small lunch for himself. When he looks back Sherlock is currently doing a stretch where he's bending over giving John full access to admire his backside.
John walked next to him. From up here the city was truly beautiful with the lights of the city making it glow. "Thank you for sharing this with me." John said as he kept looking ahead but grabbed Sherlock's hand.
_________________________________
Greg shifted himself to lean further over his desk. "What's wrong?"
His eldest Christopher aged 17 who looked like the spitting image of John just taller carried a box with some books and other nick-nacks "Present and accounted for Captain. I'm already liking this new place better then the last. It doesn't have the smell of wet dog."
Sherlock looked at Greg. "This reaction to our news is ridiculous. Everyone should be happy for us."
Zachary patted his sons back. "John it's better this way. At least Sherlock is being reasonable and not trying to drain you dry with demanding money or long court trials, it's almost a good thing you didn't have the kid because then you have custody battles."
John saw the hurt and the slight hint of tears in Sherlock's eyes. He embraced him "I want to. I don't want to loose you and will do whatever it takes. I promise."
"And I said yes."
Sherlock looked down at his stomach and placed a hand across it. "It has been quite an adventure so far."
Sherlock shook his head and tried to remember the breathing exercises he was taught in birthing class "I thought I'd have more time....oh God I need to sit down!"
As John slowly walked away with papers in hand Cynthia's eyes sadly followed him "We'll be here if you need us sweetheart."
Tears started forming in his eyes "You're too late John, it's over."
The next few weeks went by in a blur. Charlotte was happy and the angsty teenage girl had become this bubbly young woman.
"For who? You?"
"We have to do a persons check. We don't know you and we have to know that you won't pose a threat to the Royal Family." A guard said turning his nose up at John. Obviously they wanted to make him feel as unwelcome as possible.
Valerie sat next to her sons hip. "Your Da and I did disagree on where to raise you kids. He wanted the country side of his hometown in Scotland and I wanted to stay in England but that argument didn't last long. His parents had died and as much as he loved his home he couldn't bear the thought of going back and seeing the possible memories at every turn when this was a time he was supposed to be raising a family and making happy memories. I know he still slightly regrets not going back but he would never regret the life we provided you because of it."
It all started at a tailor shop in the country. A old tailor man named Schmuel went missing and being the small town that this tailor shop was placed at, it would obviously draw attention when someone very near and dear to the community seemed to vanish into thin air.
Sherlock knocked his Mothers hand away form his curls "Mother please do refrain from your fussing."
The monitor then turned on and John just saw blobs of grey. He didn't know exactly what he was supposed to be looking at and felt like a right tit because he didn't see anything specific. "I'm not really seeing anything familiar...."
Sherlock turned his head and thought "More like a consultant for the police force. I have a very low tolerance for stupidity and unfortunately for the mass population, majority of them are extreme dull so I wouldn't be able to survive working along side them on a day to day basis. I'd like to pick and choose what I do and not have it assigned. Perhaps make my own job for them. Like be a consulting detective, so when the police are out of their depth they can come to me."
Persephone stole the tube back "What have I told you about using my make-up! You have your own!"
John sucked in a breathe has tears rolled down his face "Wha....what?"
Siger relented and turned around he took a deep breath and shut his eyes. He then turned back to the couple. "Take the Omega home. This is a family issue and I will not have someone who is not family be here."
The boys came into the restaurant, being as loud and obnoxious as possible and took over the back corner booth.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. "Is it me?"
The thing about each of Sherlocks children was he treated them all as individuals which defiantly showed in their style of clothing. Persephone tended to lean towards dark colours while Darius preferred lighter colours. If Greg could say one thing about Sherlock he was a good parent and proudly supported each of his children no matter what.
Sherlock packed his books in his bag as John stood up. "I'd like to show you something if that's alright with you." He said shyly.
John smiled at the fast bump-bumps that were coming through the speaker. "Oh my god..." He said.
The nurse shrugged and rolled his eyes "Whatever." He said under his breath.
Greg sighed "Sherlock, you are so much more then this loner you make yourself out to be. You have to learn that you have a heart of gold, you care even though you have a weird way of showing it" he half laughed with Sherlock following "I know you're going to make one hell of a parent too."
John ran up the walkway and hugged his Mum. She was an Omega, rather short in stature with blond short hair and a little on the portly side. John took in the familiar smells of roses and baked bread before pulling away. "Hullo Mum." He said with a smile on his face.
There were traces of a powder the my genius said were a hallucinogenic and the note said how Schmuel heard voices to finish this dress so he could become young again. He told us how he would gift this dress to his one true love Odessa so she would love him.
Did he feel that way about Sherlock?
Violet looked at her son and nodded to Greg "Thank you that will be all." She then tuned to the workers in the room "Leave us." Then waited for the staff to vacate.
John's heart stopped and his throat tightened. "What?..."
_____________________________________
John smiled at his friends high praise "Ta. I work really hard at what I do."
The instructor pursed his lips. "I hope so. Do not make me regret my decision of letting you into my company."
"Same way I knew you are also apart of the university's ROTC program, away from home farther and longer then you have ever been before, and came over here to prove to your other knot-headed friends that you are God's gift to Alphas by trying to chat me up. I observed."
One morning he was sitting at the table eating breakfast and going over some notes for a patient he had been assisting with. His father walked into the room with a stack of mail.
John went over and pulled the roast out of his Mum's hands. "Mum, please, please, please, be normal tonight. He doesn't even eat much. Just treat this as meeting any other boyfriend. He's already going to be out of his element being here so let's not make it anymore disturbing."
"An hour on the couch every other night doesn't count Charlotte." Sherlock snapped.
Sherlock became angry at he question. Especially when he saw how much it hurt John. "For your information Harriet, your brother is rather fascinating. He's kind and generous and puts up with me in ways others do not. In short he's the best person I've ever known."
October 17, 2014
Mike stopped laughing when he realised that John was serious. "Fuck me John! Why would you marry him? We came to England to graduate! Not add more to our lives! What could have possibly gone through your head?! There is no good explanation for this unless....he's up the duff!"
Siger looks down at the ground "I came to see you. May I come in?"
David feels likes he going to throw up. "You seem so detached. You don't care either way do you?"
David scoffs. "Like you would care anyways."
John was caught off guard a bit but he now felt a little more comfortable with the words he was reading. "Ay, pilgrim, lips that they must use in prayer."
My brother is right you are loyal very quickly. I don't know one person who would willingly kill for someone they just met.
Sherlock shook his head. The last thing he wanted was to make this day all about him. "No, I'll be fine." He straightened himself up. "See? Good as new."
His mother turned to him with a smile that could light a dark cave "Just making sure everything is perfect for tonight."
_________________________________________________
Persephone walked towards him not at all embarrassed at the sight of her Mother breastfeeding her brother. She had even accompanied him to the delivery room for the birth of Killian and Archimedes. "Please you're the last one to talk about sleeping." She said pulling up a chair from the other side of the desk and sitting in it while crossing her legs. "So are you going to go?"
