"Please tell me you weren't lying about the fried egg sandwiches," was the first thing Lara said when she walked into the suite.
During the time it took him to walk to the fridge and back, an idea sparked in his mind, one that he hoped would turn things around for him. A wide grin appeared on his face as he placed the beer down in front of her. The girl smiled, thanked him, then took a nice long pull from the bottle.
Satisfied he had everything necessary – at least for now – Tony went back out into the office, careful to shut the door behind him as to not let any colder air in. Once inside, he set his sights on the bar. He couldn't stand to look at it anymore. Just having it there felt like temptation even if there wasn't any alcohol inside. The saying was "out of sight, out of mind," and hopefully he could push at least some of the temptation to drink out of mind if he took apart the bar and got it out of the apartment.
"I mean, sure," Tony said. "There had to be some level of expectation there, but I don't think it truly influenced our opinions of each other. We're on the same team, we work together, and we get along really well."
Tony swallowed hard, laced the fingers of his right hand between Steve's and looked him straight in the eye.
"I don't know," he said. "I don't know what I'm doing. I know it needs to stop – the drinking, that is – but I can't…" Tony brought his hand to his forehead and took a deep breath. "I can't decide whether or not I want to make this a permanent thing. Part of me knows that I should do it; that it's the right thing to do. The other part…" He shook his head. "The other part just keeps telling me that I know I'm not that strong."
"Trust me," Tony said, putting a comforting hand on Steve's arm. His muscles tightened for a split second but relaxed quick enough for Tony not to feel the need to pull his hand away. "Out of all the embarrassing stories that someone could have out there about themselves, that one is probably the least embarrassing."
"There's a man here to see you." Lara furrowed her brow. She wasn't expecting anyone to visit her and especially not at work. The only man she could think of that might stop by was her younger brother, but he'd only do that if it was an emergency.
Well, maybe not entirely normal. He did all the stuff he normally did but was generally running on auto-pilot. He was too distracted by his thoughts; about Steve, the robbery, work, the suit, back to Steve again… Thoughts that made him glad he decided to take a cold shower… Just random stuff. By the time he got out of the shower, he couldn't even remember taking one in the first place.
"Don't." Steve stopped in his tracks and looked at Tony. He felt tears pricking at his eyes as he took in the surprised look on Steve's face. "Don't."
"Akh," was the only acknowledgement Tony could give while he was holding his mouth open. Truth be told, it hurt like hell to eat, drink, swallow, and speak, but it was nothing he couldn't deal with. He's dealt with worse pain without complaint.
"Ah, yeah, give me a sec." Lara pulled herself to her feet and tapped on the counter to bring the holographic screens back to life. When she got back from the liquor store the night before, Tony had her manning the computer as it ran a facial recognition search for Selvig across all private and public security surveillance cameras across the world that JARVIS could hack into. It was essentially busy work, but Tony couldn't ask her to read all the files for him and then transfer the knowledge into his brain. However, the fact that the program was still running was a testament to the fact that thus far the search had been fruitless. "Nothing yet, but honestly I'm not surprised. All the people this Loki guy has working for him are S.H.I.E.L.D., right? They'd know how to avoid being spotted."
"Uh, actually, I'm planning to threaten you," Tony said as he began to descend the stairs to the lounge below.
"What?" Steve's voice was not nearly as bleary or tired as Tony's, a testament to their vastly different endurance levels.
Listening to Oswin's story, Duran could tell that she was being truthful, even though it was obvious Bergeron didn't think the same. Oswin sat up straight, maintained eye contact, and looked up whenever she was asked to recall a certain detail. Those were all clear-cut signs she was telling the truth. However, Bergeron's tone became more and more frustrated as the interrogation went on. He kept insisting that she was lying and urging her to tell the truth, but there was no other truth to tell.
after all." Freeman then turned and headed to the dining room. All three pairs of eyes watched him until he was around the corner.
"Captain Danvers already demonstrated her abilities to us," Steve said. "I can assure you that she's not lying."
"No." She was on anti-depressants for a reason, after all. Carl didn't show any signs of confusion or alarm at the response.
"Okay," she affirmed as she opened her eyes and finally looked at him. Bruce gave her a reassuring smile before squeezing her shoulder and letting go.
"I have no idea," Lara said. "I can't tell you why he feels the way he does. I just do what he says."
"Well, I'm alive," Tony said. "No need to worry about party plans. You can go ahead and cancel the parade." Lara rolled her eyes.
Clint took several steps back and aimed another arrow at Natasha, who once again dodged. He then tried getting to higher ground by jumping up between the two sets of beams that lofted above them, only to immediately jump back down and try striking Natasha again. He missed. He tried to pull out his bow to fire at her, but Natasha stopped him by grabbing ahold of the string. She held on tightly as he tried to shake her off, pulling her forward and back. Eventually, Clint managed to pin Natasha against one of the safety railings. She used this to her advantage and struck him as hard as she could. He let go of the bow and Natasha spun around to get away.
He hopped over the counter and began to scour the kitchen. He came across a shelf full of pre-made, re-heated, and wrapped tacos. Picking one up by the wrapper, he watched as the thin sheet of paper changed to a clear shell of stone. The taco, however, remained untouched. Grinning, Knežević began eating the greasy piece of cheap Tex-Mex, holding it by and biting around the stone.
"It's a movie," Tony sounded slightly apologetic. "It came out after you were frozen. It's about a guy escaping from prison."
Shoving his own personal worries and hang ups aside, Tony tried to immerse himself in the excitement of the day. Keyword: tried. He had very little success in doing so. Part of it was the migraine that he had been fighting for several days, part of it was the fact that he had started off the day on the wrong foot. First thing in the morning he had to hit the talk show circuit with several pre-taped appearances and a live interview on
"It was only me," Sharpton said a little too quickly. Natasha pulled one of her knives from its concealed holster and slammed it down flat on the table. Sharpton jumped, but Nat gave no explanation. She just continued to bore her gaze into Sharpton's fearful eyes. "What is wrong with you?" she eventually gasped out.
That was why he and Steve were going to keep their interactions as low-key as possible in front of the press. Steve wasn't ready to come out of the closet yet and Tony knew that if they didn't do it in the right way, the press would rip them to shreds. It was probably best that they didn't take that step right now anyways. After all, they hadn't even been out on a proper date yet.
"Well, there's been a lot of speculation about the nature of their relationship," Everhart explained. "Is there any insight you can give us."
I hope you enjoyed Steve and Tony's talk, because this is the second to last chapter before I go on hiatus. If the past few author's notes haven't made it apparent, I have other things I need to deal with in my life - specifically health-related things - plus the holidays are coming up, so yeah. Not great timing. I'll be back in January, though! I promise!
"There is," Lara said with a slight frown. "It's called 'going to therapy' and he's going to be doing that in less than forty-eight hours. Outside of that, there's nothing that has a guarantee of making things better."
By the time Tony got there, police cars had already shown up, however, it didn't seem like the cops had managed to connect the dots as he did. Only two patrol cars had shown up at this point and it looked like they were more concerned with interviewing the aggravated beachgoers than doing anything to contain the suspect. JARVIS's facial recognition systems quickly identified Knežević. He was sitting by himself on the edge of a stone jetty. He seemed to be perfectly content even though waves were flying up and drenching him about every ten seconds. That did make Tony nervous, though. He had to remind himself that he was in the suit – which was waterproof – and had no immediate way of drowning. (If the suit's emergency air supply failed and he was at the bottom of the ocean, he'd be screwed, but he tried not to think about that.)
"I think I am," she commented. "I think for you, individualized therapy is probably the best place to start. Talking to someone about the underlying problems and figuring out better ways to cope will probably make things easier for you. Even if it doesn't it can still help to figure out how to map a way to go that works for you."
"But will we still be able to do this?" Margot asked. "Be close?" Adoniram stood up and cupped her face in his hand.
"Yeah," Tony said. "It's not going to break your concentration or anything, right? It's not a long flight, but it might be nice to have a little background noise."
"Of course, I did." Pepper gave him a pointed look. "Alright, I skimmed it on the car ride there, but I think I would have noticed if the words 'baby-killer' or 'war-profiteer' appeared anywhere in there." Pepper let out an exasperated sigh.
"These should all be your size," Hill said. "I took the liberty of getting you fresh underwear as well."
"We aren't going to discuss anything that you're not comfortable to," she assured. "This is a safe space and we'll only discuss what you're ready to when you're ready to do it." That explanation did nothing to lessen Tony's confusion.
"It doesn't matter," Adoniram said. "As long as someone in a position of power at the company knew you were a member of our Church, we have grounds for wrongful termination – and Stark certainly fits the bill of someone in a position of power."
Steve could already feel a few scrapes burning against his skin. He could feel blood sliding down his cheek and maybe on his right arm, too. However, that didn't stop him from trying to grab ahold of Rebecca's arm when she started to move like she was going to get up and bolt again. In response, Rebecca pulled his hand off her and bit it. When Steve screamed, Rebecca let go and ran back inside the building. Bucky wasn't even back on his feet yet when he went over to make sure Steve was okay.
"No, Soprano," she said. "Of course, we mean Stark. Did he come knocking at your door at all last night?" Clint shook his head.
"You spent most of yesterday wasted." Tony gave her a hard look. After all, it's hard to deny something everyone knows is true. Lara looked away for a second to gather her thoughts before directing her gaze at Tony. "Look, I'm not going to make a big deal about this, but can you please just lay off the sauce today? I think we can all agree we don't need that headache on top of everything else."
"Is there anything I can do?" At that, Tony rolled over until his face was against Steve's chest and wrapped his arms around his waist.
In fact, that had made Tony resent Rogers a bit. His entire life he had heard his father go on and on about how great Captain America was and his father had held him to that high standard. Tony, obviously, could never manage to live up to those expectations, and as a result came to hold feelings of resentment towards a man everyone thought long-dead.
"I just want to see what food they have up at the back table," she lied. "It's going to be a bit before the main course is served, right?"
"Just play it by ear," Natasha said. "I've got an apology I need to make, too, but if it doesn't seem like he's going to take it, don't."
Remember kids, Tony definitely wasn't lying and just wanted to cuddle with Steve during a thunderstorm. Nope, that is not what happened! ;)
"So are you," Steve said, placing a hand on Tony's cheek, stroking his thumb across it. "There's something I need to tell you about, though." Tony tried extremely hard to keep the sinking feeling from settling in his stomach.
"Why not?" The question was said slowly and carefully. Steve was not trying to come off, whiney, and demanding. Appreciating that, Tony took the time to consider the answer to that question.
Alright, I'm dizzy because my mom decided today would be a good day to re-stain all the doors in the house. She could have easily done it a month ago when it wasn't freezing out and we could actually open the windows to let all the fumes out or waited until Spring, but no, it has to be done today. That being said, I feel like I'm going to faint so if this author's note barely makes any coherent sense, you know why.
"I take that to mean your father is not invited to the wedding?" Betty let out a bit of a humorless laugh.
Surprise of all surprised, Tony found something worse than being treated at the hospital; waiting in the hospital waiting room. It was all the normal horribleness of being in the hospital with the added benefit of not actually being sick. Also, as disturbing were the hard-plastic chairs and outdated issues of
Tony looked down and shook his head. He felt Steve slowly reach over and take his hand in his own, rubbing the back of it with his thumb. Tony squeezed his eyes shut. The sweetness of the gesture almost made him sick.
Tony rubbed at his aching head and looked around him. The tablet in front of him was still pulled up to Dr. Selvig's notes. Tony had already read them, twice, but was looking through them one last time just to make sure he didn't miss anything important about the Tesseract. That's when he fell asleep. Slowly turning to look out the window, Tony realized it was much brighter outside than it was when he last remembered being awake. He tried to suppress a groan.
All he got in response was light snoring. Tony tried to push them off him, but their arms were locked around his neck. Tony groaned and slumped over on the couch, dragging the other body with him. Slowly, his eyes slid shut. Sleep didn't seem like such a bad idea. Besides, whoever was on top of him was warm… Maybe he could drift off for just a few moments right here on this couch…
About twenty minutes into the movie, JARVIS informed them that their delivery had arrived and was waiting for them in the main security office (which was now protocol for all mail and deliveries of any type addressed to the penthouse.) Bruce offered to go and get the food. He had seen the movie before and didn't mind missing a few minutes. Given that Lara wasn't entirely enthusiastic about watching the film, she offered to join him.
The sheets and bedding were very non-descript, plain white; the kind you would see in your average hotel room. The shine of the silk that the duvet was made up of was the only clear indication of luxury that could be seen. Well, at least from that angle. The man squatted down to retrieve what looked like a vent cover resting on one of the pillows before straightening up again. Then, the screen went black again.
"You don't understand," he said. "I don't want to do it." Finally, the gears started to click inside of Pepper's head.
"He was still very vague," she said. "That was probably on purpose. I have no idea who he was talking to or if they were talking about Stark."
"Did you write anything down?" Tony looked to his left, past Steve to see concern marring Pepper's face.
"Sorry man," Rhodey said. "But that nurse is right. It's getting pretty late and I have to be back at the base first thing in the morning."
It was bordering on midnight when the Quinjet finally touched down in New York. A S.H.I.E.L.D. medical team immediately rushed onboard once the cargo bay door opened. Once they had disappeared inside the aircraft, the first agent to emerge was Agent Phil Coulson and waiting for him was Director Fury's right hand, Commander Maria Hill.
"I didn't call you," Steve said when no apparent reasoning for the agent's appearance could be found.
"Yes," Tony said. "It's an electro-magnet powered by a miniature arc reactor. It keeps the shrapnel lodged in my chest from reaching my heart and doing any damage."
Before Thor could attempt to get another blow in – or worse, plead for him to stop again – Loki rolled sideways off the edge of the balcony and down onto one of the hoverbikes piloted by the Chitauri. He quickly grabbed ahold of the controls and started piloting the vehicle himself. No one was going to stop this invasion or deter his plans. Not even – apparently – himself.
"Beer it is then." Knežvić got her a beer from the fridge, then went back to scrubbing the same spot on the rough wood of the bar while he listened to whatever drivel the station decided to put on before the news.
"Excuse me." Everyone looked up as Freeman approached the table, a tall Latino man following him. "I hope I'm not interrupting anything, but I just wanted to introduce you to someone." He gestured to the man standing next to him. "Everyone, this is Congressman Eduardo Salinas." He then gestured to the table. "Congressman, these are the Avengers." He pointed around the table. "That's Dr. Banner, Agents Romanoff and Barton, Captain Rogers, Mr. Stark, and Stark's assistant, Miss Conroy."
"It took an hour and a half for the Twin Towers to fall," Clint argued. "And with that reinforced staircase, we'd have plenty of time to escape."
"There's a situation," she said slowly, as if a lack of understanding was the problem. "We need you to come in."
"Or go outside," Steve said. "I mean, I get it. They want to give me space to adjust and since I'm supposed to be dead, it's probably not a good idea to go outside, but it's still driving me crazy."
"Yes," he managed to get out. The only one who seemed to notice his pain was Steve. He let go of his hand to put his own against the small of his back.
With Stane gone, Rhodey was the only person left there for Tony. With no other choice but to wait for him to wake up, he sat down and tried to keep his thoughts from becoming too bleak. Thankfully, a suitable distraction came nearly an hour later in the form of Happy finally showing up to the right hospital.
"Humans," the Other said. "They are not the cowering wretches we were promised. They stand. They are unruly, and therefore cannot be ruled." Thanos stood up, and instantly the Other bowed his head. "To challenge them is to court death."
To escape, Clint tossed his knife in the air and used the distraction to try and punch Natasha again. She didn't fall for it and kept a tight hold on his arm. Clint quickly caught the knife in his free hand and charged forward, once again attempting to shake Natasha off. No matter what, Natasha wouldn't let go. Clint eventually managed to pin Natasha against the railing again. Both were straining to overpower the other. Clint had his knife poised to dive into Natasha's neck. She closed her eyes as she tried to force his hand away. Seeing that wasn't going to work out for her, she saw that the skin of his forearm was exposed, so she bit down on it, hard.
So, she was telling the truth there and it was a truth that Tony had not considered before. If she wanted to, she could have easily tried to use her position to steal from him. Not that she would have been able to do so, but she could have tried to, and she did not. Even if S.H.I.E.L.D. did not ask her to, she could have at least tried to take something to earn extra brownie points, but she did not. Tony was not quite sure what to make of that, but before he could consider it further, another board member chimed in.
The words hit Clint's heart hard. She was right. He needed to put all his energy into fighting this. He couldn't let this virus take him down, not without putting up a fight first.
After that fourth round of vomiting, Tony didn't throw up for the rest of the flight. Steve helped him back to his seat, and he went back to rest until the announcement came over the speakers that they were making their descent into New York. He couldn't have been more relieved.
"That's okay," Lara said. "You probably shouldn't wake him up. Besides, I don't want him to lock me in the car again."
Freeman shifted his gaze to Tony, who wasn't going to argue with anything Lara had said. All of it was true. His toes still stung from the frostbite and although he hadn't been too sick so far, he kept expecting his hangover to hit him at full force at any moment. He was in no condition to be locked in a room with countless politicians and the media and be forced to sit pretty and listen to the President give a speech. He was certain of that. At the same time, though, he also acknowledged the position not going would put the Avengers in and was unwilling to argue against that either. Freeman, seemingly realizing that he wasn't going to be getting any help from Tony, turned to address the entire group.
Bruce could only imagine what Lara responded to that with. Sighing, he got up and opened the door to his bedroom.
"Commander Hill already gave me her reasons for making that call," Fury said. "For right now, Captain Rogers needs to rest. It's already bad enough you told him about your father's death and that you're Howard Stark's son. All he needs to do is figure out the math and realize it's been a lot longer than he probably thinks."
Tony did not give so much as a whimper. He remained soundly asleep, much to Rhodey's frustration. Hoping to shock him awake, he went into the kitchen and filled a glass with cold water. Going back over to Tony's side, he poured the contents all over his face. Still, Tony didn't stir. Rhodey frowned, realizing that there might be something more going on here.
"Fine," she said. "I'll get you a cheeseburger, but in exchange for that, you have to let me do this."
Honestly, that was easier said than done. His thoughts were a rampaging cacophony of fears and regrets. The only thought that he could clearly make out amongst the noise was "why the fuck did I do that?" Granted, it wasn't a given that if you open a letter, you should expect it to be filled with a possibly deadly powder, but at the same time, Clint couldn't remember why he opened the letter to begin with. He just went ahead and did it without thinking.
"Who is the woman sitting next to me?" Tony had to lean forward to get a good look at the woman's face. When he did, his mind recalled a headline.
"I might have caught something that you missed," she said, but her defense came off weaker than it already was as a yawn forced its way-out mid-sentence.
. (Granted, Steve also knew that Tony also didn't come out of the closet willingly and had a hell of a time with the media scrutiny immediately following that revelation, so maybe he wasn't a good example, but still…) Things were still bad, but they weren't as bad as they had been. Society was slowly making more and more progress to acceptance. Steve was happy about that. However, no matter how much progress is made, it still can't erase even the basest levels of fear.
"Do you need help getting back to your seat?" This time Steve's concern brought a small smile to Tony's face.
"He was out of his league," he said. "He should have waited. He should have…" Tony came to a stop where the ramp met the catwalk and looked down.
"I'm not as okay," he said. "But it's not something we can talk about right now. I promise, I'll tell you later." Tony didn't like how exhausted Steve sounded, but had to admit that he was probably right, so he accepted the assurance for right then.
So, irritated at the fact that no one on this ship could contact the outside world for help – a stupid and wildly dangerous thing to do – Tony went straight to the bridge, spotted an agent who looked to be talking on an old-school land-line phone, pulled the device from their hand, hung up on whoever they were talking to and started to dial out. Hill descended upon him in seconds. She tried to ask him what the hell he was doing but he shushed her as the operator picked up the phone.
"Is the building under lockdown?" Pepper grabbed her purse, keys, staff ID/master keycard and anything else she needed to show the police.
"Captain Rogers, Agent Romanoff, you're needed in the field, now." The sound of Commander Hill's voice instantly caused them to perk up. Both Natasha and Steve scrambled off the exam tables and rushed to meet her.
Slowly, she snapped out of it. Loosening her fingers around the knife, she allowed it to fall to the ground. She took a deep breath as she let go of Stark and directed her gaze downwards. Her mind ran through the list of breathing techniques that Laura had taught her.
A woman with her hair cut in a short, blonde bob walked up to them. She was wearing a white button-up shirt and khaki pants. In her arms were a clipboard and a series of papers. Lara frowned. She probably wanted them to sign something.
Although most of the Avengers' penthouse had been updated to accommodate all its new residents, Steve and Tony's apartment was rather incomplete. Tony had been more focused on getting the rest of the penthouse ready for Romanoff and Barton to move in, which they would be after Tuesday. As a result, when the elevator doors opened, Lara was greeted by the sight of plain white walls and the sounds of Tony and Pepper arguing about the apartment's condition. While Tony and Pepper arguing usually wasn't a good thing, Lara was relieved to hear it as it meant that their attention wouldn't immediately be on the fact that she had pulled the fire alarm and they should probably fire her for that. She didn't regret doing it, but she also wanted to keep her job, even if for only a few seconds longer.
him." Tony raised his eyebrows at that but said nothing. Coulson continued. "We got a call about a downed aircraft with unidentified tech onboard. It was found abandoned in the Arctic Circle. We identified it as possibly being the aircraft Johann Schmidt – a.k.a. the Red Skull – attempted to use in a bombing attack against the United States that was thwarted by Rogers. Our suspicions were only confirmed when we found Rogers' body. At first, we thought he was dead, but then, well…" Commander Hill picked up from there.
Once the storm passed, Tony left, and Steve hadn't seen him since. He's texted him a few times, but for the most part, he's been trying to stay out of Tony's way. They had to halt construction on Stark Tower for a few days due to the Hurricane, so they were now a little bit behind schedule. He thought it best to just keep his distance for a few days so that way Tony could focus on what he needed to get done and he could maybe get his mind straightened out.
When he got to the door, however, he was surprised to find it locked. It wasn't until that moment that he realized he left his key in the house and Conroy still had the spare key. (Which on the bright side meant that he wouldn't have to climb up the tree at the end of the driveway to get it. That then caused him to question how she found the key there in the first place but decided that was not important.) Tony laughed. Of all the things that went wrong today, he had to top it off by getting locked out of his own house. Forget the law of averages, it was Murphy's law that was clearly screwing him over.
"The Kree are no allies of mine," she said. "I may be of their race, but that's the end of it. If you really had intelligence on me, you'd know that. You have nothing to fear from me."
"Yeah, I'm sure," he said. "Why wouldn't I be? Come on." He patted the seat again. "Sit down. I only bite when provoked."
"Hi." The stress in Pepper's voice was apparent, even over the phone. "I was just speaking to the agent in charge…"
"Following's not really my style," Tony remarked. "Nor is it really yours Mr. Sneaks-Across-Enemy-Lines-Against-Orders-to-Save-His-Best-Friend."
At the dollar store, Carol bought a note pad, a pack of pens, a hairbrush, and a set of a hat and gloves. The last one was only chosen because she realized it was probably strange to see a woman walking around in short sleeves in February. She didn't notice the cold anymore until temperatures started hovering around 30 degrees Kelvin. Regardless, she didn't want to stick out and not dressing appropriately wouldn't help with that.
"Glad to be of service," Bruce said before turning to Natasha. "Do you think Barton will want any of this?"
"Captain Rogers and Agent Romanoff are in the communal kitchen," the AI reported. "Dr. Banner is working in his office upstairs, and Agent Barton is in his quarters with Lucky the Dog."
"Something tells me I've gotten more than enough sleep for one lifetime." Steve looked the man directly in the eye. "Please, just tell me how long it's been." The man took a deep breath before responding.
Thank you to mfaerie32 for the review on FFN and the two guests that left kudos on AO3! You guys rock!
"Are you okay?" Tony wasn't sure if he should be proud that Steve sounded so breathless, but either way, he nodded.
"Well, I didn't really think I could do it on my own, and I was able to hold the Other Guy back just enough…" Clint and Natasha turned their attentions on Bruce, who shrugged a little uncomfortably. "You guys weren't exactly discrete about the fact that you were fighting, and I didn't want… You know…"
"Yes," Schaffer said. "I agree. However, you don't honestly expect me to believe that hubris alone is enough to prevent the worst from happening. It didn't work out for
"Hopefully." Slowly, Lara looked up and met Bruce's eyes. "I'm sorry. You shouldn't have to concern yourself with me." Bruce's eyes widened.
Dialing the number, Steve tried to swallow down his anxiety. Why was he doing this? Why was he so nervous? What was he going to say to Tony when he picked up the phone? All these questions and more were buzzing through Steve's mind at such a fast pace, he didn't even hear the phone ringing as the call connected and almost missed the sound of the phone clicking as Tony picked up on the other end.
"Listen," he said. "I know I probably could have done more to stop him, but I don't think it would have mattered anyway. Tony had his mind set on going after this guy and nothing was going to stop him. Just like how I have my mind set on helping Tony and nothing is going to stop me."
"I'm sorry, but were you not working for S.H.I.E.L.D. during your time of employment under Mr. Stark?"
"You can't tell me this is all going to be alright, Rhodey," he said. "Because I know it's not." Rhodey shook his head.
As it turned out, the five AM wake up call that Lara had asked the hotel's services for wasn't necessary. She was woken up by the sounds of "Walk Like and Egyptian" coming muffled from the inside of her messenger bag. Worried her brother was having car trouble again, she got up to answer the phone. Looking at the number displayed on the screen, she saw that it had a New York area code. Thinking there was no real harm in seeing who it was, Lara hit the "accept call" button.
"It probably isn't," Natasha said. "But it's a start, and it's something we can work with for now. We'll spend the whole day relaxing. No going anywhere or doing anything or talking to anyone. Sound good?" Tony finally got the strength to look up. No one looked mad, but he still couldn't bring himself to look at Steve.
Tony was just about to pass the front entry way when he spotted him. At first, he thought he was just seeing things and it wasn't really Steve, but on a second glance he was sure it was him. Tony had the fluttering feeling of his hear leaping out of his chest and up into the sky. Warmth flooded the empty space when he realized that Steve was wearing the new suit, he designed for him (with Steve's input.) If Tony had no sense at all, he'd run right up to Steve and start trying to take it off him. Sadly, he was painfully aware of the fact that they had agreed to keep their relationship private for now, so once again he had to just settle for fantasies.
The worst part about it, though, was that he couldn't find out any information about Barton. Hospital staff couldn't release anything to him because he wasn't next of kin. He tried telling them that he was (sort of) Barton's boss, but that was too loose of a connection for them. He tried to tell them that he was Barton's long-lost Siamese twin, but they didn't believe him. Finally, he resorted to telling them that he was "going to marry that man" (a la Sandra Bullock in
"This must be strange for you," he said. "All of this." A pleasant smile graced Steve's face for a few seconds. Looking around, yes, one could easily see how Steve would feel out of place. Yes, while they had aircraft carriers back in World War II, Steve had strangely never been on one before, so that was a new experience in and of itself. Add on top of that the massive amounts of high-tech planes, weaponry, and electronics stationed all over the place and you had the recipe for one out-of-place Super Soldier. However, there was something familiar about it all. The atmosphere, the organized chaos… He felt as if he closed his eyes for at least one second, he could easily pretend he was back in 1945; that he could turn around and Peggy would be standing there, ready to whisk him off to another strategy meeting. However, that wasn't real and while Steve hadn't come to accept all of it yet, he at least accepted that none of that was coming back. Still, he rejoiced in the familiar feeling for just a few moments. No one could blame him for that.
Clint rolled onto his back and got a face-full of blacklight. He put a hand over his eyes to dampen the glare. Obviously, the black light wasn't terribly bright, but it was just enough to aggravate the headache forming in his congested cranium. On some level, he recognized the fact that he even felt sick at all wasn't a good sign, but at the same time he couldn't help but feel unimpressed.
"Enjoy the moment?" Steve questioned with a bit of a wry grin on his face. "How do you suppose we do that?"
"Alright, sorry this had to be cut so short." Mrs. Barnes then reached out to give Steve's mother a hug.
"Because we don't think that way anymore," Tony said. "Being gay isn't considered a disease. You can't go to jail for being gay and you certainly won't get thrown into a mental asylum for it. We don't even have mental asylums anymore. We have humane hospitals that do their best to treat people with actual mental illnesses, not lock away anyone who doesn't fit within the norms of society. In fact, being gay is slowly becoming a normal thing in society. I mean, we still have a long way and forty-five states to go but we're definitely lightyears ahead of where we were sixty-five years ago." Steve was silent again. "You okay?"
"So, Mr. Stark, it's wonderful to see you again." Tony smiled and nodded as if he agreed with that statement and threw a quick "thank you" in there. "It's especially wonderful under these circumstances. Just a few months ago you helped form a superhero team and saved New York City from a hostile alien invasion of Earth. I'm sure the public has thousands of questions they want to be answered, but I think the biggest and most important one is who exactly are the Avengers?"
"It was Fury's decision," Natasha said. "Our legal system isn't prepared to handle a case of these proportions, especially when you consider all the legal and political issues that prosecuting an extraterrestrial would stir up. In the end, it was smarter to hand Loki over to his own people."
The one silver lining was that Steve had stayed by his side the entire time; even through the worst of it. That was like a blessing to Tony. He honestly didn't think he would have made it out alive if Steve hadn't been there. Deep in his heart, Tony knew that he was going to owe him for that forever.
"I do!" Steve said a little too eagerly. Tony rolled his eyes. "I understood that reference." Steve looked over at Tony, who just gave him somewhat of an annoyed look.
"And so did you." Tony's eyes locked on to hers. "But eventually you stopped wasting them. Give Romanoff the benefit of the doubt. Who knows? She may surprise you." Slowly, the air deflated out of him.
"No, this is making me feel better," Lara said, though she quickly started muttering them under her breath. Tony took a deep breath to compose himself and felt a hand gently tangle itself in his hair.
"Twenty sweaty workmen all crowded in my private elevator," Tony said. "Explain to me how it wasn't your fault."
"You know what I mean," Salinas said. "Utter bedlam has been breaking over the past day and where have you been?"
"So what?" Bergeron asked. "Are you saying that we should just give up? There's no way that two people alone could have gotten that many chemicals out of Stark Industries by themselves! That just doesn't happen!"
Seeing as he was alone and was just put through the emotional wringer, Tony figured now was as good a time as any to have a drink. He pulled the flask out of his jacket pocket, undid the top, and took a sip. He was careful not to drink too much, though. One, because he didn't want it to be noticed that he had been drinking. Two, because he wanted to make sure he had enough for later. So, even though he wanted to down the entire flask in one go, Tony restrained himself.
"The media never sleeps," Freeman defended. "And I'm still being pressed for information. You wouldn't happen to know anything?"
"…Police are reporting that almost twenty-four thousand dollars' worth of gold and diamond jewelry, along with some additional four-thousand dollars in cash was stolen from this store just hours ago." The screen then switched over to the view of an empty vault. "Nothing was actually stolen from the show-room floor, but the contents of this vault were raided. The store's manager has stated that only employees knew where the vault was located. Police are considering the option that the suspect they're looking for might be a former employee…"
Tony had legitimately forgotten he'd been holding Sharon and realized he had been pressing his hands into her side very uncomfortably this entire time. He nodded and handed the baby back to her great aunt. For a few minutes, things were quiet. Tony wasn't quite sure what to make of her reaction and didn't dare speak up, so it fell onto Peggy to break the silence.
Just as Tony and Steve started to lean in for their fourth kiss, another door banged open and footsteps could be heard entering the penthouse.
They stood there for a few minutes in absolute silence. Tony kept his focus on getting his breathing under control while Steve kept an eye out for any passersby. He kept repeating to himself that they wouldn't get in trouble for this, but still, as he learned over the past couple of days, old habits die hard. Eventually, Tony was calm enough to pull away a little bit but kept his hands firmly on Steve's waist.
"All set?" Lara nodded. "Good. If you'll just follow me, we'll get you settled into a testing room."
Lara rushed around Lucy and over to Bruce's side. The two of them started fast-walking to the escalators, not bothering to look back. Without needing to discuss it, the two of them walked out of the station and hailed a cab to take them back to the hotel. Lara held her breath until they pulled out of Columbus Circle.
Turning around, Tony expected to see Knežević standing there, smirking after having had turned another piece of the armor to stone and preparing to lunge at the Arc Reactor's housing again. Instead, he saw Steve standing between him and Knežević holding up the old replica of his shield that Tony had cannibalized into other projects. (Most notably, using it as a stand for a particle accelerator.)
Yeah, he'd say that was about half right. He definitely was panicked beyond belief, but he wouldn't exactly call it an attack. In his mind, everything he was feeling was justified given that his boyfriend was missing. Nonetheless, Natasha took her hand off Steve's shoulder and took a step back. Her eyes remained focused on him.
"No, he took a distressed man back to his home to get him help," Freeman said. "It was fifteen degrees outside yesterday during the
"I know," Tony said. "But I can push though it. I've been sick before – hell, I've been dying before – and I've still been able to put in public appearances without anyone being the wiser."
"You're not the only one," Steve pointed out. "And if Tony doesn't see that, I won't let him fire you."
"Lance, Miller, get him out of here." At Cabe's command, two men suddenly appeared beside Dante, both looking beyond intimidating. Dante did the right thing and took a step back.
"I just…" He paused for a second to take a calming breath. "I overheard something that I didn't like. That's all, no big deal." He tried to fool himself into thinking that Peggy would leave it at that, but he knew that wasn't real.
"Can you tell me?" Rhodey struggled to keep the annoyance and frustration out of his voice. Thankfully, the AI did as prompted.
"Not just court," Adoniram said. "Tell me, Eduardo, how hard would it be to get into contact with Miss Christine Everhart?" Salinas shrugged.
"Well, you try being stuck in a bed with nothing to do," Clint said. "Your brain turns to mush faster than you'd think."
"Is that what just happened?" Tony couldn't help but feel satisfied with himself upon hearing that question as he reached out to shake Bruce's hand.
The Asgardian Prince Loki has been banished from his home realm and now seeks to seize control over the Earth using a Cosmic artifact known as the Tesseract. After taking the Cube and brainwashing a number of scientists and Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. - including Dr. Erik Selvig and Agent Clint Barton - Loki now looks to make his next move. Meanwhile, S.H.I.E.L.D., in order to attempt to take the Cube back, has gathered together a team consisting of Dr. Bruce Banner, Captain Steve Rogers, and Agent Natasha Romanoff to retrieve the Cube. Tony Stark has also been called in to consult but has decided to arrive at the party fashionably late, slightly bitter that S.H.I.E.L.D.'s latest crisis ended up getting in the way with his date with Steve.
"Did you know about this?" Bruce asked Natasha as she and Thor walked into the room. She took a step closer to Bruce.
Lara could see red flags going up in Pepper's eyes. She turned to her left and as far as Lara could tell, started signaling to someone offscreen; likely Happy or Cabe or even Agent Morse. She didn't need to see what she was signaling to get the message, though. It was clear. They needed to get him offstage before he said something damaging. That was easier said than done.
"Uh…" Pepper looked up at the ceiling, trying to recall. "Me, Lara, Happy… Romanoff and Barton… I think Dr. Banner…?"
"The company buried me with paperwork," he explained. "It happens sometimes. A bunch of things end up coming in all at once needing my signature, and Conroy and I must scramble to get it all signed in a timely fashion. It sucks normally, but today it took so long that I wasn't able to get any real work done on top of that." Steve put a hand on Tony's shoulder.
"Right," she said, drawing out the word. "If that's all, I would suggest you two get to work, and, you know,
One joke, he thought to himself. One stupid joke! You can't take one stupid joke? How old are you? Five? Tony buried his face in the pillow and let out one long frustrated huff of air. He hadn't even been a part of the conversation. He just happened to be walking by (sneaking past) his father and a few of his business associates to get a nice, non-alcoholic refreshment (steal some booze) when he happened to hear someone (take a guess) crack an extremely homophobic joke. Honestly Tony wouldn't have reacted that bad – he'd heard worse before – if he didn't hear his father laugh at it. That absolutely hurt, so much so that Tony just couldn't stand to be there any longer. He immediately turned right back around and marched upstairs, ignoring the concerned calls of his mother as he went.
"Uh," was all Carol could really come out with for a moment. "I told the truth." It was the only defense she had, even if it made Amanda's face twist like she had just had a lemon forced into her mouth.
"Why did you come here if you're so avoidant about taking about your emotions?" A look of alarm came across his face, because she quickly backtracked. "I don't mean to accuse you of anything or discourage you from seeking help. I just want to know what this roadblock is so we can overcome it together." Tony hesitated. He didn't want to bear his soul to her, but he couldn't leave the question unanswered. So, he took a deep breath.
The plague came seemingly from out of nowhere. One day everything was fine and they next, they were burying their relatives; friends; entire towns. Because the Raël hadn't allowed themselves to naturally evolve in such a long time a weak point was created in their immune systems that the disease was able to prey upon. One-sixteenth of the population was still left when Tarquan had taken his family aboard the scouting ship, and most of that population was infected and close to death. The twenty-four people aboard the ship – six men, nine women, and nine children – were the only ones who had never gotten sick.
"We had to warm up somehow," she said. "If it makes you feel better, I forgot to pick up marshmallows at the store and we had to do without."
"They should," Tony said, his voice lightening up. "And if they don't, we have our own process here in our mail room."
Even though he was distracting himself from the meeting, he was still listening. Albeit, vaguely, but still listening. He was paying attention enough to know that Pepper had just restated the same point for the sixth time in the past half-hour and was growing frustrated. Tony knew he was going to have to jump into the conversation in a moment, but for right now he was just content to escape from all the stress for a minute and continue writing the list on the memo pad of his phone. It had taken a turn for the silly as he came up with increasingly ridiculous reasons why someone would be unable to pick up a phone.
"Oh really?" Carol's head jerked back to attention, turning to the woman on the other side of the panel. "Well, that's wonderful! I'll let her know right away! Alright. It was an honor speaking to you, Brother Ryan. Goodbye."
"Why didn't I foresee this?" he wondered aloud. "I'm supposed to be the futurist for God's sake." Steve chuckled as he rubbed Tony's shoulders.
name, disappointingly – a streak blue rushing to get in between him and Carol. While one part of Tony found it sexy, another more sensible part worried about whether or not his overprotective boyfriend was about to do something irrational in the name of defending him.
In the left corner of the room there was a bar setup. It once held several expensive bottles of fine liquors, but now it was completely bare and empty. Pepper had done as he had asked and poured all the alcohol down the drain. When he had been going through withdrawals, Tony had managed to get out from under Steve's supervision long enough to come in this room to try to seek relief from the pain. He had hoped to find at least one bottle that Pepper had missed. However, she had been thorough and not a single drop of alcohol remained. Shortly after that, Steve came in and led him back to bed. Standing in the office now; looking at that bar; Tony couldn't help but feel ashamed.
"No," Tony said, and he genuinely meant it. "I know the consequences of doing it outweigh the risks of not, and if it makes you feel better, I promise I won't." Pepper's eyes widened.
"Roger that." Hill's voice came through the device as clear as a bell. "S.T.R.I.K.E. forces are being ordered to converge on New Horizons Labs as we speak."
After a few moments, Adoniram stood and went back to his desk. He tapped the small button on the top of the circular case and the shard slid out. Gently, he placed a finger on top of it, and once again he came face-to-face with the image of Karl Marx.
That made Tony stand up. He still didn't look at anyone as he walked straight out of the meeting room and down the hall. No one protested. No one tried to follow him. He was glad for that. He needed to get out of there and he knew just where to go.
"Any threat," Everhart questioned. "So, that doesn't just mean a hostile invasion of Earth by extraterrestrials?"
Remember kids, pay attention to what you're doing and always make sure you're not forgetting anything.
"As it should be," Adoniram said. "Now, why have you summoned me, dear wife?" Margot's lips twitched upwards at the term of endearment.
This hadn't been what he had intended to do. He didn't even think escape was possible. He thought he would die getting sucked into the endless void of space. In fact, he'd been counting on it. This, however, was much better. At least he was still alive.
Tony looked her up and down, trying to remember if she was S.H.I.E.L.D. or something. The woman, meanwhile, finally found her voice.
"Shit…" He looked between Lara and Tony. "Listen, I'm sorry for doing that. That wasn't a nice joke. I shouldn't have scared you like that, and I'm sorry if that's what pushed you over the edge." Tony sighed.
"This is small to you?" The astonishment in Lara's voice made it clear she wouldn't have been able to hold back that comment, even if she tried. In all honesty, yes, the room was small to Steve and it was getting smaller by the second. He might have started having trouble to breathe if Lara hadn't recovered from the shock when she did. "Okay, okay. We know he's not in here, so we'll keep looking through the rest of the suite. We'll do the kitchen first, okay?"
After taking the personality test and going through orientation, Jessica had been assigned to work in Congressman Eduardo Salinas' D.C. home as his live-in maid. The job wasn't as terrible as she imagined it. Salinas seemed to keep his hands to himself and she managed to gather valuable intel on the group for both S.H.I.E.L.D. and Hydra, but for whatever reason, Hydra didn't think he was worth keeping around anymore. So, she would do as she was told. She had a cover to keep intact, after all.
Glancing over at Tony, Steve saw that he was still fast asleep, using his arm as a pillow. At some point during the conversation, Tony had drifted off. Steve didn't try to move Tony off his arm or wake him up. He just let him sleep. That didn't help anything as far as the things he
"I'm aware of that, Mr. DeMarcus," Pepper said, holding up a placating hand. "If I phrased any of my questions to lead you to believe otherwise, I apologize."
"You know where to find me," she said. She turned back around and as soon as she set foot on the first step, Dr. Smith rushed down to help her up. Carol and Tony continued the rest of the way and met Fury at the front door.
Realizing that her friend wasn't going to quit any time soon, Lara got up out of bed, giving up on sleep entirely. Going out the front door and stepping into the hallway, she hoped she would be able to escape the sound. It was somewhat quieter out there, but she could still hear some of the louder moans and the bed squeaking, even with her headphones on. It made her feel bad for whoever lived above and below them.
A lot of you are probably disappointed that we didn't see any Steve and Tony in this chapter (especially considering the bad place I left Tony in the last chapter), but don't worry! They'll be back next chapter! In the meantime, I hope you didn't mind spending time with Lara and Bruce!
The most logical explanation that she could come up with was that there was an accident in Bruce and Tony's lab. The floor number made sense and it wasn't without precedent. There had been accidents there before – the most notable one being the time when Dum-E knocked a canister of chlorine gas into a window made of unbreakable glass, causing the tank to crack and releasing the gas – but even those times there hadn't been an ordered evacuation of the whole building. Lara's teeth clenched as she thought of everything on Earth that could possibly elicit that sort of response. It was very long and wasn't pretty. It even got worse when she considered that the bio-hazard wasn't from Earth.
"We don't have time for any moments," she said. "It's almost four-thirty. We need to be ready by eight. You can flirt with Cap later." She then turned and started walking towards the door, throwing a quick "come on" over her shoulder. Bruce and Clint followed with Lara bringing up the rear. That was, until she turned back to look at Tony.
Securing the belt as tightly as she could around the metal brace at the door, Lara once hoped to all dear goodness it would hold up if someone tried to enter through one of the other two stairwells. It was an easy and effective way to barricade a door in the event of an active shooter, so she had to assume that it could withstand some stress. Just in case, though, she made sure for the eighth time that the door was locked and pushed another table against it just to be sure. She knew that to escape, the door to the emergency stairwell wasn't going to be reinforced, but JARVIS promised to lock it once she left, so she had to hope that bare minimum of protection was enough.
sitting around at home," Lara said. "Seriously, I got a lot more entertainment sitting in the ER waiting room watching patients come and go. I even started on the first draft of a TV pilot based on what I saw down there. The working title is
"I'm feeling well, too," He said. "I haven't had an incident since…" Natasha knew what he meant. He didn't need to say anymore.
"I might have mentioned something about that, too," Tony said. "I don't know if he heard it or not. He was still out when I said it."
"We're still too far from that," Rhodey said. "Unless it was something catastrophic, we shouldn't be feeling it."
"So, is there anything I missed out on at dinner with everyone else?" he asked as he began to scoop up another forkful of pasta.
Tony hit the replay button again. He had agreed to leave the surveillance video of himself at the hotel alone. However, he felt that he couldn't get it off his mind. He talked to Steve about it, but his advice hadn't differed much from Rhodey's; leave the video alone and talk to Pepper about it under more calm conditions. Although, Steve did add that he was going to need to have a talk with Romanoff. While yes, all four of them had already seen the video – and Steve was sure to make it clear that they only did so in an effort to locate him while he was missing – he had no idea that she had obtained the video from the hotel, nor that she had sent it to Pepper. Tony figured that had been the case, so really it was a non-issue.
"Counterpoint," Lara said. "The innocent ones tend to have the most skeletons in their closets. No offense, Steve."
"Alright," he reluctantly agreed. Romanoff stood up from her seat while Tony tried to make his way around the table. He did it, but it was hard. He put all his effort into not stumbling over his own two feet and as a result ended up overcorrecting himself and made things worse. By the time he made it over to Romanoff, she was holding an arm out to him.
"You weren't the only impulsive one," Natasha interrupted. "I just wanted to get the situation under control as soon as possible. I did not realize what I was asking of who and you were put in danger because of that. For that, I'm sorry."
"Agent Jenifer Duran," the woman introduced herself. "Department of Homeland Security. Do you mind if I look in your backyard?"
The biggest issue that Steve had with S.H.I.E.L.D., though, was that for the longest time they were "closely" monitoring him and would only let him leave the facility when accompanied by an agent. (They probably enforced that rule for fear that he would get "kidnapped" by Tony again.) The stated reason why they did this was that they were afraid of it getting out to the public that Captain America had miraculously brought back from the dead. Once it did, Steve wouldn't have very much privacy, or at least that's what they kept stressing to him. Steve had a very good feeling that it was more because S.H.I.E.L.D. didn't want attention being put on them or have too many questions asked about how this had transpired.
Letting go of a very pained breath, Tony finally found it in him to turn and look at Steve. His blond hair was a mess and his blue eyes were bearing into him with a look of concern. Slowly trailing his eyes down to Steve's bare chest. There he could see a red mark forming in the shape of a hand. Oops.
"Any day of the week," Steve assured. "I just think in this case it's best to just leave it be unless we're provoked. Save us all the heartache."
"Good," he said before turning to Carol. "Please, have a seat, Captain Danvers. We'll be with you again momentarily." She nodded.
Carol nodded and let the woman do what she needed to. She looked around, trying to decipher more through observation of her surroundings, but the problem was that there wasn't much to observe. Outside of a lone, likely dysfunctional fire alarm positioned on the opposite wall, the room was bare. There wasn't even anywhere to sit. Thus, Carol was forced to stand and wait.
"Mr. Stark," a voice called out as the two men approached the door. A museum employee – a tall woman with short, curly, black hair – stood there waiting for them. Tony raised his hand in greeting and picked up the pace. Steve followed him closely. When they caught up to the front door, Tony walked up to the woman and shook her hand. "It's wonderful to meet you, Mr. Stark."
"Sorry," Natasha raised her eyebrows. Just as she was about to apologize, Stark beat her to it. Yet another thing she hadn't been expecting. A little dumbstruck and still slightly embarrassed by her reaction, Nat just gave another nod and muttered something along the lines of "no need." Tony gave an understanding nod in response.
Thankfully, the response was carefully worded enough to get Natasha's approval and it did not seem to cause Tony any emotional distress. A person who professionally treated drug addicts and alcoholics would probably find fault with it, but it was a nice save regardless.
"…but don't take it out on me!" Pepper's eyes glimmered with tears. She brought her hand to her forehead. "Oh my God, I didn't think you were serious!" The tears spilled over and Pepper let out a strangled sob. Tony got up, walked across the room, and wrapped his arms around her. She returned his hug in kind. There might not be anything between them anymore, but right now Pepper needed some form of comfort and Tony needed something to physically hold on to while reality warped around him. This was exactly why he didn't tell anyone he was dying the last time. Dying changes everything.
"Well, this is a surprise," she said. "I wasn't expecting to hear from you so soon." Clint saw her push what looked to be a textbook and a notebook to the side, offscreen, confirming that that he was in fact interrupting her study time. A pang of guilt ran through him, even though Laura didn't seem to be bothered in the slightest. "What's up, hot stuff?" Clint cracked a smile.
"A fail-safe," Natasha said. "Something to keep the diseases from spreading on a massive scale if they were to get out."
He could, however, examine the letter from inside the box. It was see-though and had magnifying lenses on top, but he really couldn't examine it any closer than that. There were still details he could he could make out, though, like that the letter was addressed to the Avengers and whoever wrote it had very neat, careful handwriting. They wanted to make sure the letter arrived at its intended destination without any mistakes.
"The press about the construction of the tower has been good." Tony mentally thanked Pepper for starting off on the lighter side of things. "The fact that the tower is going to be totally self-sufficient is a point of interest – as we thought it would be. Also, ABC released a statement announcing that they have fired the reporter who interviewed you for insubordination and publicly apologized to you."
Tony opened the door to the room slightly. Peering out, he could see that the nurse manning the nurse's station was on the phone and had her back to him. Perfect, just his chance. He slipped through the door as quickly as he could without making a sound. So far, so good. He began to retrace his steps from earlier that afternoon. Bound for the elevator, Tony only had that one goal in mind, which accounted for why he forgot he had to pass the waiting room to get there.
"Any and all files connected to or associated with SSR Project: Rebirth." Tony fell deathly silent for a moment.
Now, some of you might remember that I mentioned in a different author's note I mentioned I was going to do a separate Rhodey and Tony fic while I was doing this one, but uh... It didn't work out that way. I realized I couldn't separate that story off from this one without leading to a lot of confusion and just for ease of convenience for me, I sort of worked it back into this story. So, just so you know we're going to be taking a bit of a detour in chapters forty-six and forty-seven of this fic, but remember I'm doing it for character purposes and I really hope it doesn't derail the plot too much.
"I know from Natasha it had something to do with a 'sex tape' being released," he explained. "But outside of looking up what the term meant, I didn't look into it any further."
Satisfied that the parachute was securely on his shoulders, Steve picked his shield back up and moved to the rear of the plane. Without any hesitation, he jumped from the aircraft, making his body as aerodynamic as possible to get to what was surely going to be an intense brawl that much faster.
"Well, you definitely have a strep infection. The least I can say is that." Her brown eyes scanned the area inside his mouth with close precision. "Your tonsils are so swollen, I'm surprised you can even still talk."
"That's not how this is supposed to work," Tony said before he could think better of it, causing Dr. Cranston to raise an eyebrow.
"How would I mess things up?" The question was meant to be rhetorical, but Lorraine just felt the need to answer it.
"Nothing more than me wanting to get to know the man my best friend is dating," he said. "You know, since this is really the first time, I've gotten to talk to you with nothing else going on." Steve would beg to differ on that, but at the same time he figured that Bruce, Clint, and Natasha could handle Danvers on their own, at least for a little bit. So, Steve found himself nodding.
"It's not like anything can be done about it now," he said. "JARVIS, get a working archive of every time any of the surveillance cameras have gone offline in the last six months – barring anything dated September 4th, 2011."
With Salinas gone, Tony squeezed his eyes shut and fell back against the couch. He didn't allow himself to relax completely, though. He still didn't want to fall asleep. God only knew what Salinas' intentions were.
The next few chapters will move things along a lot better, and I know you'll all be happy to see some of the developments.
," Romanoff stressed her point hard. "I know two days isn't enough to establish a pattern, but seeing how I've seen you behave while under the influence of alcohol in the past combined with everything I've observed in the past two days, I think I have a right to be concerned."
"Fury." Jessica pulled the elastic out of her hair and tried to redo her ponytail to make herself at least the tiniest bit more presentable. "You got my calls."
"Yeah, that wasn't the smartest move," she said. "But he wasn't listening to me and he didn't want to look at me. I knew I was talking to a brick wall, so I did as he asked."
Tony got to his feet and headed over to where Lara had passed out. Sprigs of blonde hair had broken free from her braid, her glasses were eschewed at an awkward angle on her face, and it appeared that she had attempted to use her right arm as a makeshift pillow and that honestly just wasn't too comfortable for her. Tony was gentle as he shook her shoulder and called out her name, so it came as some surprise when she tried to elbow him in the face.
Now, I should probably get on to why it took me so long to put out this chapter. The most simple explanation is, well, life happened. You'd think because I'm an unemployed twenty-three-year-old living off disability benefits, I'd have all the time in the world to write. I wouldn't blame you. I thought that, too. However, that just isn't the case.
"It's not like I had much of a choice," he explained. "The Avengers twisted my hand. They attacked first. I can't let something like that go. So, yes, I had Brother Eduardo put the order for the attack forward."
Tony frowned and wondered for a moment if hearing Napoleon XIV in your head was a sign of hypothermia.
She was then gently moved from the stretcher to the bed of the MRI machine. It was expressed to her that she needed to remain totally still, and Carol tried hard not to roll her eyes. If she didn't get it the first fifty times, she certainly got it now. As she rolled into the machine, Carol closed her eyes and focused on taking deep, even breaths. The entire time she reminded herself to be patient and that Terran medicine was quite a bit behind what she was used to. She just had to put up with it and she'd be free to go.
"Uh-huh," Clint turned his head back a little further and got a look at Bruce's hands. As he suspected, they were a bit bigger than they were normally and tinged a light shade of green. "And would said twelve-hundred-pound smashing machine be helping you out in this?" Bruce shrugged.
Right then the real Loki struck. He came up behind Coulson, stabbing him in the back. The blade of his scepter penetrated him so deeply that it came out through the other side of his chest, covered in blood.
Tony stood there for a long time considering his options. Finally, he slowly walked over to the circular table in the center of the room and placed his phone down on the surface.
"And you don't see them making bio-weapons," Bruce said. "Most sensible teachers save that for high school."
This isn't a note about the chapter, this is just something I want people to be aware of. We've had a rough few days here on the East Coast, first with Hurricane Florence slamming North and South Carolina and the horrific Merrimack Valley Explosions in Northern Massachusetts. All I ask is to keep the people affected by these tragedies in your thoughts and donate to the American Red Cross if you can. Thank you.
Tony did as the doctor asked. It was a long, tedious process and he could tell that the doctor didn't like what she was hearing. She'd keep the stethoscope on the same spot and ask him to breathe in and out several times. By the end of it, Tony felt incredibly light-headed. However, the doctor wasn't done with him yet. As soon as she finished listening to his lungs, she asked him to open his mouth, so she could look at his throat. Once again, she let out a surprised "wow." Tony was starting to hate that word.
At that precise moment, a sonic boom shook the entire building. Thinking fast, Tony pushed the woman in front of him to the ground with just seconds to spare before the glass pane that served as the room's fourth wall shattered into a million pieces. People screamed and scrambled for cover; seeking shelter from the flying splinters of glass as whatever it was that just struck the tower flew into the opposite wall, adding chunks of plaster and drywall to the mix.
"Excuse me, ma'am," Freeman said. "I just got done saying a few minutes ago that we can't comment too much on what happened."
"We are," Bruce assured. "The model's locked and we're sweeping for the signature now. When we get a hit, we'll have a location within half a mile."
Steve managed to get him to eat a few crackers, but outside of that, Tony refused to eat. It was his own fault, but regardless he could not force anything more than that down. So, he ended up not eating dinner, instead opting to curl up in a ball on the bed and writhe in pain while Steve gently ran his fingers through his hair. That was nice enough, but it was somewhat soured by the fact that because of the pain, Tony had not gotten any sleep that night.
The plan went off without a hitch. Well, at least at first. Steve headed east with his group while Natasha went west with hers. Once they got to the second floor, the group dissolved as each person took up their designated positions. Steve had almost reached his when he heard gunshots go off. He already knew who it was.
"You're certain that it was your husband who did this to you?" Lara couldn't help it. She had to give the officer the most severe "what the fuck do you think" look she had ever given in her life.
Tony melted into Steve like butter. Steve rubbed Tony's back and pressed a kiss to the side of his head. Tony made a little noise of satisfaction and Steve squeezed his eyes shut.
"Well, I know one way to clear things up." Fury pointed to one of the florescent lights above them. "Would that cost a lot of money to replace?"
"You started it," Tony pointed out. "I was fine until you started screaming at me." For some reason, that statement caused Lara to go rigid.
looking better within the hour, and if you don't I know of about fifty uncommon remedies you can try." Tony checked to pills to make sure they were what she said they were. Feeling satisfied, he popped the caplets into his mouth.
"Oh thank God!" He turned to look at Pepper on his right. She looked like she was breathing much easier now that the weight of that worry was off her shoulders. Turning to his left, Tony saw that Steve was just plain confused.
"I think I know what you're afraid of," Tony said. "But that doesn't make sense because there's no way you could feel like that."
Tony looked up at the sky with a flurry of emotions running through him, most of which he couldn't describe. An entire legion of alien soldiers on what he could only describe as flying motorcycles were emerging from a giant hole in the sky. Every possible warning indication that his suit could give him flashed onscreen, changing the HUD display from a light sky blue to an intense, bright red. He was glad he had that he had that drink while he had the chance.
"Yes," Fury admitted. "We were going to build an arsenal with the Tesseract. I never put all my chips on that number, though, because I was playing something even riskier." Tony froze. He knew where this was going. "There was an idea – Stark knows this – called the Avengers Initiative. The idea was to bring together a group of remarkable people to see if they could become something more; to see if they could work together when we needed them to, to fight the battles that we never could." By that point, Fury had moved so he was standing directly behind Tony. Tony just stared ahead and continued to refuse to look at anyone. "Phil Coulson died still believing in that idea; in heroes."
"Ask for her number, you moron." Steve didn't know how to respond to that, but luckily an answer came to him in the form of the chiming of his cell phone. He quickly opened the device to his inbox to see that he had a new text from Tony.
"Alright," Pepper said, turning to look each of the legal people in the eye. "Is there anything we can do about this?" One of the legal people – a man with salt and pepper hair named Mr. DeMarcus – frowned.
Natasha walked back into the room carrying both boxes easily (to Lara's annoyance.) She set them both down on the kitchen table, opened one, took a paper out, and examined it.
"I'm sorry," she laughingly scoffed. "Since when did you get permission to speak to me, Mr. Stark, or anyone else that way?"
However, Tony was slightly suspicious as to why the phone wouldn't dial and found himself going through his contacts, trying to see if he could get through to anyone at all. Lara, busy signal. Steve, busy signal. Pepper, busy signal. Rhodey, busy signal. It didn't take a genius to figure out by that point that S.H.I.E.L.D. must have some sort of signal-jammer somewhere on the boat and he couldn't get calls out, and more importantly, he couldn't get calls in. He should probably consider it a miracle that he got those texts from Lara at all. He wouldn't be surprised if she had tried to call him multiple times and was unable to get through. In fact, he even tried to use JARVIS but found the AI to be unresponsive.
AO3: Aaskada, Britney, brokenEisenglas, Crystalmagic, dreyrugr, drunk_rainbow, EchoMoonstone, FanficDelivery, FanGirl18, ffreader65, FriedChickenNisha, Halogien, Hecate_Morrigan13, ironstarrs, irvnstark, Ganlee, gottamarvelfast, KiernaSerea, lauraelizabeth03, levana84, Lisadaughterofathena, LiveDragons, May89, mefistofeleswassupidk, mr6volt, Nekiare, NessaRaquel, ObsessedFangirl96, Opheliad, osbournemo07, pastaaa, PinkRabbit7789, repunzelle89, RiddleMeEvil, RoninAngel (RougeShadowAngel), Rshinystars, Sesshomaru, Sheepgod, shekelash, Squeepea, starktower, The_girl_in_a_wheelchair, TORRESDECRISTAL, twilight497501, yjoo917, Zahurrs, and the 35 anonymous guests who left kudos.
long. However, he had seemingly forgotten that time seemingly moved slower when you were anxious, and each minute felt like a solid day as he waited for Tony to emerge from the therapist's office. Steve tried to tell himself that nothing too bad could possibly be happening. After all, it was only an hour. There wasn't much that could be done to Tony in that time. Then he remembered how his mother had described how she had seen a child go from being aggressive and combative to docile and unresponsive in seconds just by having a doctor insert a needle in his eye and anxiety spiked in the pit of his stomach again. The only thing that kept him seated was the fact that he was on the thirty-second floor and the only way he'd be able to get to fresh air in a timely manner would be if he jumped out the window.
"This wouldn't have to do with the Peoples Unity Church, now would it?" Romanoff raised an eyebrow, but Freeman seemed relaxed at the mention of the group.
"Early enough." He had hoped that would have been enough for her, but the hard look he was getting told him otherwise.
Well, that is unless the person in question has a tack. That could certainly burst a bubble like that.
"You are better than me, Pep." Pepper opened her mouth to argue, but Tony didn't give her the chance. "Don't try to argue with me, because you are. You're one of the best people I know. I wouldn't have entrusted Stark Industries to you if I didn't think you were capable of being better than me in every way. You deserve better than me, which is why I completely understand the choice you made."
"Well, I mean we wouldn't spend the whole time… Besides, I don't think we're quite ready for that yet…"
"It's good to meet you, Dr. Banner," Tony said, and it was. He had heard about the other scientist a lot throughout the years – both before and after his little Gamma Radiation accident. He was and still is a brilliant man and Tony was all too happy to help get General Ross off his tail and prevent the Abomination from getting placed on the Avengers after the Harlem incident the previous year. Getting to meet the man was somewhat of an honor, but Tony being Tony, he still had to give Bruce at least a little bit of a hard time. "Your work on anti-electron collisions is unparalleled, and I'm a huge fan of the way you lose control and turn into an enormous green rage-monster." Bruce's face fell a little bit when he got to the second part.
"I'm sorry," Tony said. "But my world doesn't work that way." Tony rubbed his forehead as another wave of pain traveled through his skull. "Listen, do you guys have aspirin or anything like that on hand?"
The most common type of radiation used by postal services to prevent biohazardous attacks was ionizing radiation, which detaches electrons from atoms and molecules, thereby rendering any viruses and/or bacteria that could be inside dead. Ionizing radiation could be broken down into four different types; alpha radiation, beta radiation, gamma radiation, and neutron radiation. Neutron radiation could only be neutralized by using light elements such as hydrogen. Gamma radiation couldn't penetrate anything denser than lead. Beta radiation couldn't penetrate anything denser than aluminum and alpha radiation couldn't penetrate anything denser than paper.
When she walked into what was supposed to be the living room, Pepper had her back to her and her hands on her hips. Tony was facing her but was too focused on Pepper to notice that she had stepped into the room. Steve, meanwhile, was tuning them out completely. He was sitting in a chair that looked like it had been brought up from one of the offices and completely focused on whatever he was drawing in his sketchbook. Lara quietly looked for a spot to put down her coat and bag.
security system. I would think that the FBI would want to ensure that she has no opportunity to escape whatsoever."
Tony looked up and frowned. Despite the annoyed look on her face, Lara did appear to be better than she was the day before. However, he still didn't want to spur on any anger and/or tears, so he took it easy on her.
"Okay," Tony said. "I've had more than two glasses of wine. You've got me there, but a guy can't enjoy a few drinks after a hard day?"
"Well, maybe it's not about guns," Natasha said. They both looked over at the pile of debris on the other end of the viaduct. Several cars, along with pieces of the bridge, buildings, and pieces of the Chitauri hoverbikes littered the end of the street, where a couple of the Chitauri had taken up positions.
"Your conclusion, doctor?" The CDC leader did nothing to hide the aggravation and condensation in his voice. Smith sighed.
"Yes, I'm aware, JARVIS." Tony washed the pill down with a sip of orange juice. "Still, it's worth a shot."
"Hey guys," Lara said as she ran up to them. Her ponytail was a wind-whipped mess and she was breathing rather heavily – likely because she had just run up over forty flights of stairs. "I was just downstairs… Wanted to let you know… Pepper's been seen by EMS…"
"Yes," Adoniram said. "We do market ourselves quite a bit, but it's necessary to get the word out. We need to save as many people as possible."
"Okay," he said. "Now I need to get that out of my mind. What were you saying?" Lara let out an aggravated sigh.
"You know, whatever you're upset about couldn't have been that bad," Peggy said. "Especially since no one even knows what it was. Not even your father could tell me why you were upset, and he was in the room when you stormed out."
It wasn't like the thought hadn't occurred to him before; of course, it had. However, the previous times he had "tried" (been forced into) it, he ended up going straight home and drinking until the floor became the ceiling. Then again, it might be different this time. At the very least, the Tower was now essentially a dry building. It'd be far harder for him to drink his pain away. He could at least look into it. There wouldn't be any harm in that, right?"
"If you would follow me, I can show you where we keep our security footage." Steve nodded and walked through the gate separating the front and the back of the desk. The others followed him.
"Oh, I'm sure Duane here will tell you all about it soon enough," he said. "He's one of our best." Freeman honestly laughed at that.
"Sold." Steve put three Benjamins he had retrieved from Tony's wallet down on the counter. The concierge quickly scooped them up and tucked them into his blazer's inner pocket. Natasha looked at him, wide-eyed with disbelief.
"Why are you still even talking to me?" Steve asked. "If you knew all along, why didn't you tell S.H.I.E.L.D.? Why do you keep wanting to be with me? Why did you let me sleep in your bed with you?" Tony's face went pale.
That's what the code came out to. Jessica had no choice but to say yes. This was one of the cases where the choice was obeying Hydra or die. Besides, she didn't think Fury would mind having one piranha taken out of the tank either.
Once inside, Rhodey headed straight for Tony's workshop, expecting to find Tony there working on something, but the place was totally empty save for DUM-E, who immediately ran up to Rhodey in greeting. Rhodey gave the enthusiastic robot a pat on the claw before exiting the workshop and heading upstairs. He did not know where in the house to look for Tony, but luckily for him, Tony had made himself relatively easy to find.
"Wow," Freeman said. "I, uh, this is amazing! Thank you so much, Brother!" He stepped forward and reached out his hand, which Adoniram took and gave a quick shake.
Thank you to mfaerie32 and guest reviewer Star for the reviews on FFN and FriedChickenNisha for the comment on AO3. You guys rock!
"The nest is secure," Coulson said. A little bit more of the edge off Natasha's worry. "Lisa's got the entire place locked down and has the chicks ready to flee to the Annex if necessary. Agent M is on her way to babysit the property and keep watch for Barton or any suspicious persons who might show up there."
"Right," the woman dragged out the word. "Well, I'm Amanda and I'm from this hospital's registry department. I just have a few questions about the information you provided us with when you checked in."
"Tony," she said as she rushed over to him. Tony was a little surprised when she wrapped her arms around his shoulders and pulled him close. "Thank God you're here. I was so worried."
Once inside, they made themselves comfortable on the sofa and began to wait for the others to arrive. They texted Stark to let him know that they were there, and he responded that they were still twenty minutes out from D.C. When you figured twenty minutes to fly in, fifteen to get their luggage, and God knows how long to battle the D.C. traffic, it was going to be a bit of a wait. Luckily, Natasha had brought a book and Clint was clearly enthralled with his phone, so they'd managed to kill the time easily, just like everything else.
Tony waited a full minute before he decided it was safe enough to risk getting up. As he sat up, the HR rep scrambled out from underneath him. Tony tried to catch her arm and ask if she was okay, but she brushed him off and started running for the exit as some of the other attendees to the seminar had started to do. Glancing down at the floor, Tony saw that the woman had dropped his cell phone, so he picked it up and pocketed it before scoping the room out.
, all law enforcement agencies – including S.H.I.E.L.D. – must issue the following warning whenever an arrest is made," Hawkeye said. "But in this case, you are not a citizen of this planet, nor a citizen of this country, so none of these rights apply to you, but we're legally required to tell you all of these rights that you do not have."
Steve could not argue with that. He ate another forkful of pasta before saying, "alright, I'm all ears."
Oswin shoved the cell phone into the pocket of her sweatshirt. The screen went black again, but he could still hear Oswin thanks to the headset she was wearing.
Tony immediately shut his mouth. A wave of nausea had come over him and it felt like if he kept his mouth open for even a second longer, he'd projectile vomit everywhere. He was very aware that his entire body was shaking. He tried taking a deep breath through his nose to calm himself. All freaking out would do is upset his stomach even more.
interview and the robbery while he and Pepper tried to explain that both events were completely out of his control. However, when the ship is sinking the first person you obviously blame is the captain. Tony wasn't CEO anymore, but he still held controlling interest in the company. So, in the eyes of the board members, he was the one to blame. However, the only problem with that logic was that this wasn't at all a ship-sinking emergency. It only made sense when you considered that any dip in stock prices was the equivalent of the Hindenburg disaster in the eyes of the board members. So, Tony wasn't surprised.
Natasha carefully shot the door behind her as she followed Stark back to his office. She remained silent, pressing her back against the wall while Stark sat down in his office chair and brought a hand up to his forehead. For her part, Nat did not feel all that offended about the things that were said about her during the board meeting. She did not care and had been called much worse before. However, she was feeling slightly shocked, particularly at the way the board had treated Stark and Pepper.
"Okay, Mom." The kids then scurried out of the room, leaving Clint and Laura alone on the video call.
"Not well," he admitted. "I mean, I try to be there as best as I can for Tony, but it feels like I'm not doing enough."
"I'm fine," he assured. "Everything's working fine. I'm just being melodramatic." Pepper put a hand on her chest and let out a breath of relief.
Before he could change his mind, Tony got up from his chair and went right to Pepper's office – only diverting his course to throw out the apple juice containers and the shot glasses. When he walked in, Pepper and Happy were engaged in conversation, but they abruptly stopped when they took notice of Tony.
Natasha flung the door open and stepped out, slamming it shut behind her using her full strength. She could hear wood splintering and the loud clangs of what she could only assume to be the door hinges popping out of their proper places. Honestly, she couldn't even bring herself to care. She turned and marched straight down the hall, completely determined to save Clint's life.
There were a few other issues they discussed, such as training schedules, what goals they had for the future both as individuals and as a collective team, and who the hell put their socks in the dishwasher. (No one fessed up, and everyone at the table seemed to be legitimately baffled by it, so it was hard to determine legitimate suspects.) The most notable thing that came up was that Tony mentioned a project he was working on called "Ultron." The supposed idea was to have an AI that could seek out potential world threats before they happened. Steve, Natasha, and Clint all seemed a bit sketched out by the idea, but Bruce found it intriguing.
"You're probably right," he admitted. "I'll find an agent to transfer her to holding and we'll see if we can find space for her in Victorville."
After he got out of the shower, Steve had to explain the events of the night to Hill. It was hard, especially when he had to explain his fight with Tony. Out of respect for his boyfriend, Steve didn't elaborate on some of the things Tony had told him, specifically the stuff about Howard. Thankfully, Hill didn't press too much on that issue and Steve had a feeling that Natasha – who had been sitting next to him – might have had something to do with that.
The journey to Tony's room wasn't unlike the last time Steve had to carry a half-dazed Tony; Steve was doing most of the work carrying Tony's weight while Tony was completely unhelpful by walking with his eyes closed. Still, it wasn't hard for Steve to find the room, seeing as he, Natasha, Thor, and Bruce were all placed in the same hallway. The others all had their doors shut, likely taking some well-earned naps after being up all day and night fighting. Tony's door, however, was slightly ajar and walking in Steve could see that someone had recently been in there, as Tony's clothes had been left on the bed; freshly laundered and sealed in one of those bags you were supposed to vacuum the air out of that he had seen advertised on Television. Steve moved them out of the way before helping Tony lay down. Steve had expected him to fall asleep as soon as his head hit the pillow, but Tony surprised him by immediately scooching over to make room on the full-sized mattress and patting the newly-vacated space beside him.
The placement of the Arc Reactor already gave Tony a diminished lung capacity, not to mention the bits of shrapnel that threatened to shred his heart and lungs should said reactor become dysfunctional. Basically, his lungs were already in bad shape and having fluid constantly flowing to his lungs via post-nasal drip wasn't helping matters. So, as a precaution Dr. Holcomb had him hooked up to a heart monitor to keep an eye on his vitals, and a nasal canula to continuously provide him with clean oxygen. He had to admit that the canula made it a bit easier to breathe, but the heart monitor did nothing but add undue stress to Tony's already fragile state. He couldn't explain why, but Tony couldn't help but feel threatened by the medical device. With each sharp beep it gave, all he could hear was a shrill, electronic voice mocking him.
It was somber, eerily normal Wednesday morning for Nina Alaska. She was trying to enjoy her usual morning cup of coffee when she heard a knock at the door. Putting her cup down, she walked over to the entryway and looked through the front door's peephole. She was shocked to see her girlfriend standing there, looking bed-ragged and worse for wear, but otherwise unharmed.
"No," JARVIS said. "I am running facial scans to try and identify the individual, but they are wearing a S.H.I.E.L.D. uniform."
Unlocking her phone, Lara scrolled around, looking for something to do. At one point, she ended up accidentally tapping the messenger app and she was once again faced with the message Betty had sent her now two days before. It hadn't changed (obviously) but she couldn't help but feel guilty as she read it over again. Also, she felt incredibly stupid.
"We have Norse Gods having death matches in small towns in New Mexico," Duran said. "And giant green rage monsters wiping out entire neighborhoods in New York. The man she stole from in question flies around in a metal suit and stops other people in metal suits from hurting people."
"Because it's not," Tony said. "Some of its S.H.I.E.L.D., some of its Avengers-related, some of it's from Damage Control, I'm pretty sure the bill for the guy I paid to clean out the bathroom on the jet is in there somewhere…"
To her credit, Carol was very careful with Stark. She didn't hold him too tightly or fly too high. She even kept her pace slow in order not to jostle him too much (and to make sure Jessica could keep up.) That was impressive considering her strength and Stark remained unconscious for the entire ordeal.
"Well, it's nice to see that you've decided to rejoin the land of the living," she remarked. "I thought you were going to stay asleep forever." Her bagel then popped up and she turned her attention to transferring the breakfast treat from the toaster to her plate without burning herself.
The screen went black before automatically shutting down. Tony leaned back in his chair and completely undid his tie.
Luckily, Steve was saved by the bell – or rather Dr. Rawls returning to the room. She gently knocked on the wood of the door before taking a step inside.
"It's stupid," he grumbled, prompting Steve to take a tighter hold of his hand. "The forum just asked what I'm seeking help for. It's fine."
"So, do I," Tony said. "But hopefully this one will come around sooner rather than later." Steve leaned down a bit to rest his forehead on Tony's. Shutting his eyes, Tony immersed himself in the bliss of the moment.
"Trust us," Lara said, speaking up for the first time. "He looks much worse when he's scared." If that wasn't enough to make Tony's stomach churn, the other Avengers nodding in agreement to that remark did it.
"Pepper, it's rude to talk like someone's not here when they're in the room." Lara couldn't help but share in Pepper's groan of agitation.
"Sorry, sorry," she said hastily. "But that has to be the most stereotypical, misguided view of therapy I've ever heard in my life. I swear, I'm laughing at the idea, not you."
"There was this one boy there," Steve's mom continued. "He couldn't have been much older than Steve and Bucky. Twelve? Thirteen, maybe? I don't know what was wrong with him, but five nurses were holding him down to a mattress while a doctor stuck a needle in his eye. When he was done, he pulled the needle out and the kid was still. If the doctor didn't check for a pulse himself, I would have thought the kid was dead."
"Mr. Stark, it's freezing out. Even if the sun is coming up, you're not going to last much longer in this cold." Tony was still hesitant. "When we get there, I'll call Duane. We'll get you back to the hotel and sorted out, okay?" Tony kept his skeptical gaze on Salinas for a moment longer before nodding.
"James! Rebecca!" she shouted. "Didn't I tell you to go play outside?" Bucky most likely gave some sort of response, because the next thing she said was "I don't care what Rebecca did, I told you kids to go outside, so go!"
"And why did you want to sleep so badly?" Tony let out a sigh, this one more defeated than anything.
That seemed to settle Natasha's dismissiveness, but it did not stop her from asking, "so what is this meeting about?" Cold nervousness hit Tony right in his gut.
"It's still probably best to have the temptation out of the way." Tony sighed. As ashamed as he was, he had to admit that Steve was probably right. The conversation remained completely paused until Steve returned and sat down next to Tony. "It's gone." Tony nodded despite the pain.
Remember kids, Happy Indigenous Peoples' Day to those in the US, and Happy Thanksgiving to all our Canadian friends!
"Tony's trying to go after the guy that robbed him," Steve explained. Natasha didn't show any hint of surprise as she stepped in front of the platform.
The CDC, as it turned out, was incredibly thorough. As soon as Clint and Stark got to the hospital, they were sent to the showers again and were once again given clean garments to change into. Then, they underwent another battery of tests. Not only did they have to give more blood, but they also had to submit urine and saliva samples for good measure. The only consolation was that they got one cookie and a cup of orange juice each and they probably only got those to make sure neither of them fainted from the fluid loss.
"Calling Commander Hill," she said, pulling the phone up to her ear. "We know Stark's not on the premises and S.H.I.E.L.D. has resources that can help us."
"Stark, what is this?" The volume of the feed dimmed a bit as Natasha's voice came through the comms.
"Did you mourn?" Loki asked, though he already knew the answer. No. No one did. No one cared. Not Thor, not his "mother" and "father", not any of his supposed "friends". They all went on with their lives as if nothing happened. No one could be bothered to care about him. That's how it always was and that's how it always will be. Still, he was taken a little by surprise with what Thor said next.
Next there were the people who were supposed to be there. I.e. Stark Industries employees, restaurant and hotel staff, people who worked in the other offices in the building, etc. Some of them would sometimes cross over into gawker territory, but today they couldn't be bothered. The large amount of people just standing around created the nuisance for them. They had to fight to get to the elevators and exits. The last thing they wanted was for one of the Avengers to walk in. All it would do would be to add to the chaos and probably cause a stampede.
"Do you need me to come out there?" The concern in Rhodey's voice was palpable, even over the phone. However, that didn't deter Tony from hastening his reply.
Tony didn't know about this. Mostly because it pretty much went to the back of Steve's mind after the first time it happened. There wasn't much of a need for Steve to think about it. Every time he'd seen Tony they'd either be alone or in the company of Pepper, Rhodey, and/or Lara. All of them had proven to be trustworthy to Steve. Pepper and Lara had figured it out for themselves (mostly because they walked in on Steve and Tony
All things considered; the doctors were quick to assure that this was one of the better situations Tony could have ended up in. Although, yes, the five-hour delay in getting help was far from ideal, it did not appear that he stopped breathing at any point, nor did his heart stop. He was just very heavily intoxicated and in a deep sleep. While that was preferable to a lot of the ways this could have gone, there was not much the doctors could do for Tony outside of pumping him full of fluids and waiting for him to regain consciousness. That was frustrating, but still better than the alternatives – most of which were so scary, Rhodey did not even want to think of them.
"I'll keep you updated." Tony didn't feel he could trust that assurance, but that was probably the best he was going to get out of Hill, so he had to accept it."
"I don't taste anything wrong…" That's when it dawned on him. "Shit, I just thought of this. They put all kinds of artificial chemicals and flavorings in food now. With your enhanced senses and the fact that you're not used to eating any of them, you can probably taste them stronger than most people can." He handed the burger back to Steve.
"I've been holding the press back while you've been rebuilding and recovering," she said. "It's your turn." Obviously, Tony couldn't argue with that. He let out a sigh of defeat.
"I don't have it." Thor shoved Loki again as he backed away. He instantly summoned Mjolnir and raised it threateningly. "You need the cube to bring me home, but I've sent it off, I know not where."
Okay, that was probably bad considering Barton was fighting for his life against two super-bugs at the same time. That alone made the day horrific in every sense of the word, but the one bright side had been seeing Betty again. Lara was right. He did need some closure on that relationship, and he was glad that he got it.
Lara carefully pulled her headphones out of the small pocket in her messenger bag. Slipping them into her ears, she tapped the play button on the screen of her iPod and was met with the beautiful sounds of Queen. Her brother had suggested that she put her music on when she walked into Avengers Tower to avoid having to listen to the Peoples Unity Church's bull. Lara didn't like the idea, mostly because it would take away from her ability to be aware of her surroundings. She'd be an easy target for assault and robbery, especially in New York. Her brother then told her that she was overly paranoid and that nothing would happen between the entrance to the tower and the elevators, especially with the Avengers
"Colonel Rhodes is here already?" He blearily looked around, quickly finding that was not the case. "Who's she?" Carol took a few steps closer to Clint and held out a hand for him to shake.
That statement broke his heart and burned his soul, but it was a reality that Clint faced every day. If he hadn't helped Loki escape from that S.H.I.E.L.D. base in New Mexico – if he had resisted Loki and hadn't let him take over his mind – then Coulson would probably still be alive today. It didn't matter that he wasn't the one to pull the trigger. He was the one that started the chain of events that led to Coulson's death. That was enough for Clint to call himself responsible.
"Clint?" Laura's voice brought him back to reality, as it so often did. He focused back on the screen where Laura's image remained visible; a strained smile on her face. "Just promise me you'll be careful." Clint did his best to smile for his wife as he attempted to reassure her.
"Loki needs a power source," Tony said. "Somewhere that can provide enough energy to get the Cube up and running. There aren't that many places on Earth that can generate that kind of power, so it's a short list."
"I'm not quite sure," Tony said. "But I know it wasn't to appoint people to your position – even on a temporary basis – without my knowledge or say so." Lara sighed.
"You too, Mr. Stark." Tony's hand was very rough and calloused, Steve noticed as the handshake came to an end. Despite that, it felt good to hold Tony's hand in his and this was
It felt like hours had passed before Tony could stand wholly upright and start to move away from the trash chute. When he did, Steve pulled up the sleeve of his shirt and used it to wipe his mouth off. He hummed gratefully.
"A shame," Adoniram heard Salinas mutter under his breath. Adoniram glared at him. Now they had a third accomplice to worry about.
"You punched him?" Lara nodded in confirmation. "So, you initiated a physical confrontation?" She went as pale as a ghost.
"They don't," Clint dismissed. "And if you must know, I was snapping my fingers to check my hearing. I wasn't trying to creep you out."
"Christ," Lara said as she walked into the room with four champagne glasses in-hand. "If that's how much credit Pepper's getting for this, I don't wanna know how much I've earned."
Evac had been ordered, but no one had left the room. They couldn't. This was Ground Zero. Whatever was going on with the Tesseract, these people were the last chance at containing the fallout of it. Luckily, all the scientists were aware of the risk they were taking, and no one lost their cool and tried to bolt for the door. That was all well and good to Clint. He wouldn't have to waste any of his tranquilizer arrows.
Now that they could take the letter out of its protective case and examine it, Bruce and Betty could easily say that they were making some progress. Scrutinizing it with gloved hands, they found the envelope to be gilded with some sort of lining. Pulling a piece off, Betty judged it to be aluminum foil just off appearances. To be sure, though, she ran it through the mass spectrometer to test its make-up and sure enough, it came back as aluminum foil, which could be a major development.
Clint moved his hands to his ears and snapped his fingers. It was a habit for him to check his hearing as soon as he woke up. Even if he could hear things immediately, he always liked to double check to make sure. He snapped next to both ears and confirmed he still had hearing. He snapped left, then right. Both ears were working properly. It came as somewhat of a relief. At least, until he heard an unseen person speak up.
"Yes." The girl's face fell again. However, she put her disappointment aside and with a pleasant smile, turned to lead them through the doors.
Twenty minutes later, Carol was touching down on the front stoop of the safe house. She could see Jessica halfway down the road, sprinting towards them. Glad she was able to keep up, Carol turned her attention to the problem of the door. She knew where the spare key was hidden and knew she should probably wait for Jess to catch up so she could unlock the door for her. However, Carol was impatient and even though Stark's condition wasn't critical, she still felt that it was best to get him into a warm bed sooner rather than later. Readjusting the way Stark was positioned in her arms, she stuck her fist out and fired an energy blast at the doorknob. It shattered like glass. She smirked.
However, Natasha's response surprised him. She let out a burst of air through her mouth as her face slowly became conflicted. Honestly, he wasn't quite sure what to make of it.
"Why do you even need to leave so badly?" Conroy asked. "Because if you need something done, I can do it for you."
"Possibly," Peggy admitted. "She's been getting passed around all night, having her cheeks pinched. Figured she deserved a little break. Besides, who doesn't open the door for a baby?" She rubbed her finger across Sharon's cheek, eliciting a laugh from the little girl.
"I am being realistic," Steve said. "You can do this. You're strong, and even if you're not I'm right here. I'll do anything and everything in my power to help you, Tony."
"Uh, I'm looking up the address in our systems now," the operator said. "And it seems we've already got reports of at least one active shooter in the area. Police are on the scene."
"Yeah," Tony agreed. "In fact, the first thing I wanted after I came back from Afghanistan were these cheeseburgers."
"And that's when the marriage ended," she said. "I called for divorce and tried to press assault charges."
"You sure about that?" Steve asked. "Because I don't think you should be leaving considering how sick you are."
"Remember," she said. "Your next appointment isn't this coming Wednesday, but the following Wednesday at two o'clock."
"Alright," Pepper relented, though she still sounded concerned. Despite that, there was nothing she could do other than take his word for it. "I'll see you later, okay?"
"Oh my gosh, all of the lines are straight," Lara exclaimed. "You don't have a ruler! How did you do that?"
building in the middle of the night and tried to break in under the guise of being a reporter." Carol begrudgingly sighed, realizing that he had a point.
"Listen," Tony said. "I was drunk. Nothing I said to you or about you meant anything. Understand?" Lara nodded.
"No," Lara said. "I work for Mr. Stark and I'm not going to step aside until you identify yourself and state your intentions."
"Look," Tony said. "I didn't mean to upset you, but I knew this would be hard for you, especially seeing all of this." Tony gestured around the room. Steve nodded but didn't say anything. Tony inhaled and exhaled a deep breath. "The main reason why I did this was that I knew S.H.I.E.L.D. was going to give you the sunshine and rainbows version of the past seven decades. It's a nice fable, but it's not the reality you need to hear. There are things in our past that we'd rather forget and while we've come a long way, we've still got a long way to go. I know you've lost a lot and me saying this doesn't make any of it better, but… You've got to keep moving forward. I don't mean forget the past or get over it or anything like that, but you're here now and there's no changing that. You're not alone, though. I'll help you with anything you need. I just want to move forward with you. Is that alright?"
Inside the doctor's station, Smith led Tony to an empty table and chair. Tony didn't even get a chance the properly look around before Smith started talking.
Stark didn't respond but followed her as she led him around the patch of puke-covered snow and down the driveway. They made it to the curb before Stark pushed her out of the way again. He heaved, but it wasn't as violent this time. Stark spat out the last chunks of bile stuck in his mouth and wiped his face on the sleeve of his (very expensive) shirt. When he was done, Jessica helped support him again, thankful that she was standing on the opposite side of the vomit sleeve.
"Alright," Clint nodded in agreement. The two of them headed back out into the lobby where Bruce and Steve were waiting for them.
"About the same," he said. "Which I know isn't saying much…" Steve put a hand on his shoulder and squeezed.
Natasha had the blade at Sharpton's throat in an instant. Although the interrogation and viewing rooms were supposed to be separated by a sound-proof wall (to prevent suspects from being able to identify investigators and victims by voice) but thanks to her enhanced hearing, she could hear a short scuffle go down in the next room. Likely, Steve had charged at the window and Hill had tried to hold him back. She couldn't blame him. She so badly wanted to make a move against Sharpton herself, but she couldn't. If she killed her now, they would lose all the information that she had, and they really couldn't afford that right now. Clint couldn't afford that right now.
"Do you think you can handle another ride, or should we take the stairs?" he asked. Tony only responded by stepping forward into Steve's chest and wrapping his arms around his neck.
The ride up to the apartment went a lot faster than the one up to the penthouse, which was good. The best thing, though, was that his wait was considerably shortened because as soon as the elevator doors opened, he came face-to-face with Steve. There wasn't even time for the two of them to exchange looks before Tony threw his arms around Steve, who reciprocated just as fast.
"No, I'm sure that's fine," Jessica said. "I gave him a lethal amount of jellyfish venom by accident. I don't know what to do."
"We're not trying to sell you anything," Carl said. "What we are giving you is the key to unlock your full potential; to awaken you truly to the whole being that you are. Wouldn't you like to become whole again?"
FFN: Ae0n, Anastancia, boofrog04, DarkSkitty, Deviants19, El Espectador, evestephie, Fire's Son3, flowerspring, harrydracoluver4everstephy, jacob2119, Josnika, K's Room of Requirement, Kaida Fury, Kikimau, LiLuLo12, lljmarch, Lucky9711, MeguiP, mfaerie32, Ruth01, SaphiraLovesTolkien, sankrisid23, Shiranai Atsune, StellaTenedrisx17, Tatania5, tim04, tuffert, tvd1992, and watinggamer.
Tony normally wouldn't have so readily agreed to allow the cops to run around the building unsupervised, especially when the building had already been broken into by God-knows-who and with what intentions, but at the same time he felt like he was about to keel over in a devastating coughing fit. So, he decided it would be best to let Pepper answer for him and escape at the first possible opportunity.
"No one knows," Fury said. "Stark said he believed it was taken by Fenhoff while Stark was under the influence of his mind-control, but neither the SSR nor S.H.I.E.L.D. was able to verify that. For all, we know it could still be locked away in some hidden vault in Stark Industries. Either way, if he was willing to go that far to ensure he maintained access to Rogers' blood, I'm sure he would have done the same with Rogers' medical files."
"Stark, we're on your three, headed northeast." Tony never thought he'd ever be relieved to hear Natasha's voice, but at that moment, relief was an understatement. It was like hearing the voice of God and every angel in heaven singing the music of Queen as you ascended to the pearly gates. Still, they could've shown up sooner. By this point, Tony had given up on trying to shoot the aliens down before they made it out of the portal and was trying to lure as many as he could away from the streets, drawing the fire away from the police and scattered civilians.
The one good thing was that they were still together, even if they were separated by shower stalls. Although the running water was loud, they could still hear each other and have conversations, which was both a good and bad thing.
"Keep?" Natasha tried to get around Steve's arm so she could approach the man, but Steve wouldn't let her. "You mean someone else has broken the elevator today?" The man looked at Natasha like he thought she was stupid.
"My name is Nick Fury," the man said. "I'm the director of S.H.I.E.L.D. – an international peace-keeping organization established by Agent Carter and Howard Stark."
Steve couldn't argue with that point. Even if it had been sixty-five years for her, it had only been a few days for him and you can't get over someone in a few days, especially someone like Peggy. That was his biggest struggle in dealing with his attraction to Tony. It wasn't his confusion about his sexuality or the concern for his own sanity. It was the overwhelming feeling that he was betraying Peggy. He still loved her; cared about her and every time he thought about Tony, it felt like he was doing something wrong by her.
Obviously, his beliefs were rather radical and didn't do much to help him make connections or find friends, so he spent most nights alone, studying the men he admired most: Fidel Castro, Mao Zedong, and Karl Marx. Occasionally he could charm a girl or two, but often it ended much like this night, with him walking the streets back to his dorm room alone.
That certainly wasn't too far from the truth. At first, the Church only gathered on the public sidewalk in front of the building to hold services in memory of those they claimed were the first deaths of the coming apocalypse – A.K.A. everyone who died during the Battle of New York. Tony wasn't exactly thrilled about this when it started happening, but they were technically on public land and had the First Amendment right to practice their religion as they saw fit. If they wanted to hold a memorial service on the sidewalk once every few days, then they had the legal right to do so. Tony could politely ask them to gather elsewhere (which he did numerous times,) but he couldn't have them arrested or physically move them from the sidewalk.
Steve finally took his eyes away from Tony and gazed at all the sights around him. Yes, things were very different from what he remembered. The buildings were bigger, the air was murkier, and he was right in assuming the style hand changed. Men were wearing t-shirts and jeans, and women had on tank-tops and shorts so short they were probably better classified as underwear. In comparison, he and Tony looked extremely overdressed, but that wasn't the point, though.
"Sorry about that," he could hear Steve apologize as he stepped closer to the stairs leading up to the plane. "Some of us had a hard time waking up this morning." If Tony were standing closer to him, he'd pinch Steve for saying that, probably on the butt. Instead, he settled for rolling his eyes.
He leaned back in his chair and scrubbed his face with his hands. Now that he had been pulled out of the zone, he really did not want to get back into it. Sure, Pepper had just roughly halved his workload for him, but that did not really serve as any sort of motivation. It more just served to make him feel guilty that he was taking time out of her day to do his work when that was not her job.
When he did this, everything became clear. To end the terror, he needed to accept the power of the Mind Stone into his heart and accept its wielder as his master. Slowly but surely, Clint opened his heart and mind to these ideas and began to embrace them. When he did, he felt all terror leave him. There was only one thing that mattered in his life anymore, and that was to serve and protect the wielder of the Mind Stone, the man standing in front of him with a victorious grin on his face, Loki Laufeyson.
"Hey, J," Tony said as he rounded his desk. "Can you bring up the security camera footage from the chem lab. Cue it up to Saturday at noon."
What the hell am I talking about? Well, I didn't know this when I scheduled the post date, but I am going out of state. I'm still going to have access to wi-fi, don't worry, but we're going to be spending most of today driving and I won't have access to my laptop. I am saving this chapter to the Doc Manager on FFN and use the app to try and post it and I'm really hoping that will work. As for AO3, I am going to be saving this as a draft and seeing if I can fenagle some way to post this from my phone. Hopefully it works!
Steve had to admit, he didn't like how slow his thoughts were moving, but he pushed that aside and compiled as the doctor took his temperature. Whatever result he got back seemed to satisfy the doctor, who then moved on to the next procedures.
"I know you've had bad experiences," she said. "But they do have a lot of resources. They can help you figure out where to start."
"Why don't we watch that show you like?" Steve asked. "The one with the rude, screaming, cardboard kids."
impossible." The previous mass exoduses were only proof of that. He didn't want to risk losing any more followers. After all, he needed as many people as possible for what he had planned.
Okay, I am fully expecting my reviews to go something like this: "Will you stop it with that? What part of this is funny to you? What part of being infected with a deadly disease do you find funny? This isn't funny! AIDS isn't funny! Dying isn't funny, so shut the fuck up! Knock it off! Right now! This isn't funny! At all!" If it makes you feel better, you can take me out on Stark's Pond in a rowboat and try to kill me with a wiffleball bat.
Technically it wasn't as much a birthday party as it was a political brown-nosing festival, but Tony still got a cake (albeit a small slice of carrot cake) so he supposed that counted.
them – for their sexualities made him wary of this kind of thing. However, he was coming to understand that things had changed. The world was more accepting. Homosexuality was not considered mental illness anymore. Mental health practices were not as arcane as they were ninety years ago. Tony was not going to get arrested or killed by doing this. No one would allow that to happen.
"How will your friends have time for me," he said. "when they are so busy fighting you?" Tony barely had a second to react before Loki raised his staff and touched it to his chest. A soft
"I need you to call the police," Freeman said without preamble. Everyone's heads turned in their direction.
"What if he managed to get both of those things off?" Steve asked. He could clearly imagine the look Tony was giving him right now.
"Besides," he continued. "Who's to say it was anthrax? That powder could have been anything; ricin, plague, smallpox, SARS…"
Realizing that he should probably steer his attention away from work for a minute, Tony pulled out his phone and started scrolling through his contacts, stopping when he reached Rhodey's contact ID. (Rhodey Bear.) As far as Tony knew, Rhodey was still state-side and as a result was likely working on base in California. It was still early in the workday over there and Tony knew better than to try and call. So instead, he shot him a quick text saying, "do you have time to talk?" Again, he was not expecting an immediate call or text back, but he knew Rhodey would as soon as he could. He was always good like that.
"Tony?" Steve's voice was soft and gentle. Tony could feel the bed shift as he moved closer. "Are you okay?" Steve didn't touch him, and Tony was grateful for that. Sure, he wanted comfort, but he needed a moment.
bright. Granted, he still had lingering photosensitivity from going through withdrawal, but he had a feeling that he'd be bothered by it regardless. Fluorescent lights tended to be relentless like that, especially that one in the corner that wouldn't stop flickering. He swore he could feel his optic nerve die and he hated himself for doing this to himself.
"Oh, I'm sure he's fine," he said. "He'll probably be back before breakfast." The three Avengers traded disbelieving looks before turning back to Freeman with narrowed eyes.
"I know," Steve said, wrapping his arm around Tony's shoulder and pulling him into a sideways hug. "Is this helping?" Tony shut his eyes and took a few breaths in and out, trying to relish in both his boyfriend's company and the fact that conversation went much better than he ever could have dreamed.
"Sure, you are," Tony said into his shoulder. His arms quickly wrapped around Steve's torso and he clung to him almost for dear life.
"Steve!" His head whipped around and as soon as he made eye contact with Tony, he broke out a smile. It was like watching the sky light up after a particularly dark night; it radiated a sort of calm amazement that made Tony's heart melt. Reflecting that smile with one of his own.
"Alright," she said. "Just sit tight. Someone will be with you in a moment." She then left the room, shutting the door behind her. Tony turned around to see Lara staring at him sharply with a raised eyebrow. He couldn't believe it, but he had found someone who managed to look scarier than Pepper when she was mad at him.
"Ah, that wasn't what I was implying," Bruce said. "Or at least not that salacious, but that's good to know." Tony shot Bruce a look that said not to even try to continue the conversation from there, and the other scientist obliged. Tony was thankful for that. Not for his sake, but for Steve's. Instead, Bruce went to one of the holographic screens and started hitting buttons. "The guy's not wrong about Loki, though. He does have the jump on us."
"It's more that my stomach feels painful and the pain will get worse if I try to eat something," Tony said. "I don't think I'm going to throw up." Steve relaxed as soon as he said that.
"Coulson, you know Stark trusts me about as far as he can throw me." Which could be a few miles given wind conditions and altitude.
Cast out of the Kingdom of Asgard, Loki made a deal with the devil himself, Thanos, to preserve his own life and the realm he wished to rule. He agreed to lead an invasion force to Earth and retrieve the Tesseract for both his and Asgard's ensured survival. Over a year later, the time for invasion has arrived...
Turning her attention to the file she had in her hand, she read everything pertinent about the victim that she could find. Her name was Tricia See. She had worked for the California Department of Social Services for almost twenty years. Outside of her job, she didn't live a risky lifestyle. She had a husband, two kids, and never got in trouble with the law. She didn't even have a parking ticket on record. The obvious scenario for as to why this murder occurred was that someone she came into contact to through her work was upset with her for some reason. Maybe she split up their family? Maybe she gave a scathing testimony about them in court? It didn't matter, though. The point was that this person was probably angry with her for what she did as a profession and Duran felt like she probably had a good guess as to who.
"Hello," he heard Oswin's voice say through the laptop's speakers, breaking him out of his internal rage-filled monologue. On screen, he had a nice view of Oswin's white running shoes and the pavement of the city sidewalk. They had decided that it would be best to park a few blocks away and have Oswin walk there alone. If she needed to make a quick getaway, she would let him know. "Testing, testing! One, two, three! Can you hear me?"
Having already gone over her schedule for the day, Pepper knew that she had two meetings scheduled before the interviews for Tony's new PA in the afternoon. She hadn't heard back from Tony yet as to whether he'd be joining her in interviewing the applicants (who had already been narrowed down to a short-list of five people), but she did receive a text from him the night before informing her that he had made it back to LA safely. Her best guess was that he was jet-lagged and was sleeping in. If she didn't hear from him by her lunchtime she'd go to his house and make sure he was okay. These constant migraines he was having were really starting to worry her.
"What is this, the 1800s?" Lara asked. "Look, they have a storefront. I highly doubt the station would rent out retail space to a group of rag-tag, fast-talking swindlers from Timbuktu." Bruce relented, admitting with a nod that she had a point. "Besides, I'll be fine. If one of them tries to take me, I'll knock them out." Lara suddenly felt horrible for saying that but didn't let it show on her face.
"Well, I haven't gotten word from S.H.I.E.L.D. yet. I know we shouldn't say anything without their go-ahead." Pepper looked right at Morse, who nodded in confirmation to that. Freeman didn't notice, though.
"I already did that," Tony said. "In fact, I'm going to see a therapist tomorrow." Despite the sharp taste the word "therapist" left on his tongue, Tony could see that the same word gave Carol some relief.
"They're not," Natasha said. "You just don't agree with them." Tony turned his gaze to Steve, giving him a pleading look.
"Tony?" Silence. Steve swallowed hard and turned back to the bathroom, ignoring Lara's inquiries as to what was going on.
Tony pulled his legs up onto the seat and leaned over to rest his head on Steve's (well-toned) arm. He could feel Steve tense up a little bit before relaxing seconds later.
Yeah... TBH, this is the closest I'm probably going to get to writing porn, so enjoy it, people. I'm not giving you any more than implications, cut-to-black, and coitus interruptus. Hate me all you like, but I'm not comfortable writing it, end of discussion.
Tony tried to explain to Rhodey what had happened as best he could, but it was a little difficult given that he could not simplify the story down. He would have to extensively explain details like how a woman could fly and why he needed to program the phone with a special frequency. That would probably take more time than either of them had right then, so Tony gave him the very confusing short version and promised to explain in depth as soon as Rhodey arrived at the Tower.
"I hope you do," Steve murmured to himself more than to Tony. He felt a quick thrill at the idea of the two of them kissing in public, but the nervous fear that came along with the thought caused him to push it away. Instead, he got his food out of the microwave and moved to sit at the kitchen table. "How was your day?" he asked Tony.
Meanwhile, Pepper walked in the room and greeted Rhodey with a warm hug. Tony joined into the conversation, too, feeling a bit guilty that he ignored his best friend in favor of making out with his boyfriend and making the whole room uncomfortable. Regardless, Rhodey didn't seem to mind and the three got caught up rather quickly. Eventually, though, Pepper turned to the rest of the group, pulling them into the conversation.
"Yeah, I don't buy that," he said. "You don't just get upset over nothing. What is it?" Tony frowned.
"Thanks," Lara said with a bit of a smile. "What about you? How have things been going." Bruce gave a humorless laugh.
Slowly, Tony's eyes scanned the room. It looked much like it did the last time he was in there. It had been one of the few rooms in the apartment that had been finished prior to him and Steve moving in, so Pepper hadn't touched it. Well, that was other than to get rid of all the booze.
"Stop." Clint waited until she was looking him in the eye. "You know where this is coming from, and you know that it's not right."
Shooting a quick text off to Natasha – hoping that the others had some idea of what was going on – Steve turned his gaze back out onto the city. Despite knowing it was futile, he hoped it wasn't an emergency the Avengers needed to respond to. He knew it was probably selfish, but he didn't care. Tony wasn't going to be up for this and to be honest, Steve didn't think that
Once he backed away, Tony sat up and reached for the glass. He prolonged his drink as much as possible to avoid having to speak or lie back down. Again, he noticed the odd texture of the water but didn't question it. He drank almost all the glass before pulling it away from his lips.
"Oh yes," Rawls said. "Just a few rounds of antibiotics and Mr. Stark should be good to go." Pepper let out a breath of relief and Tony could feel a little bit of the weight lift off his shoulders. "However, I don't think that's all that's going on here." Just like that three times the weight was added. "You said the headache started long before the respiratory symptoms did, right?"
"Alright," Tony said. "But the apartment better come out looking at least half as good as Steve's sketches."
Locating the restroom, she was just about to head in to clean up her face when she heard someone call her name. Turning her head, she watched a trio of police officers escorting Lara into the building. She tried to take a deep breath to center herself, all the while begging in her mind for this to be just a simple misunderstanding. Pepper turned, walked over to the officers, put on her battle face, and hoped to God that they wouldn't notice that she had been crying.
With that in mind, Lara swung the little knocker into the glass, smashing it to pieces. She then pulled the lever down and waited. The alarms started to blare like they were supposed to, but to her surprise that didn't immediately set off a stampede. Mostly everyone in the lobby stared up at the ceiling, confused. Rolling her eyes at the mass case of stupidity, Lara cupped her hands around her mouth and screamed "fire!"
"No, I was talking to her." Fury gestured to Carol. "Stark, this is Captain Carol Danvers. She's the one who brought you here." Carol held out her hand.
"Dr. Banner," Steve said. "Now might be a really good time for you to get angry." Bruce turned back to him with a small smile on his face.
Within seconds, Steve's lips were on Tony's again. He lost himself completely in that kiss, forgetting that there was anything else to existence outside of the blissful ecstasy that was being so intimately close with the man who held his heart. Nothing could ruin the moment.
"What seems to be the problem?" Steve made sure his voice was direct and to the point. He was the team leader and that made it his job to deal with irrationally angry people who suddenly confronted them and do it in the most peaceful way possible. He'd already failed in one of his roles today. He wasn't going to fail in another.
"Besides, you ended up not recommending me anyways," Tony said. "So, it's not like it mattered in the end."
"Thank you for the apologies," he said. "All of them. No matter if I end up accepting them or not… They help." Natasha nodded in understanding. "By the way, I'm sorry you had to deal with that display." She waved it off.
Tony felt a chill go over him. That wasn't the worst question he'd ever been asked by far, but it was still beyond bizarre and creepy as hell. He glanced over at Steve for a second to see that the other man was looking at him with a slightly concerned expression. Tony gave him a little nod to show him that he was fine before sending his eyes back into the crowd to find Lara again. She looked both concerned and angry. Tony carefully gave her a brief thumbs up to let her know he was okay, but from her expression, he could tell that she either didn't believe him or was too angry to care. After a few seconds, he decided that it was probably a mixture of both.
"But it's not going to be that way for you," Rhodes said. "Gay rights are more understood and accepted now. Yes, you will be dragged through the dirt, but nowhere near as bad as you would have been twenty years ago. Besides, you have things that Tony didn't have back then."
"Sixty-five years." The shock hit Steve instantaneously. He gripped at his chest as the air in the room started to thin.
Tony turned and sat down at the circular table. He couldn't imagine it would be too much longer. Fury and Steve had been talking for the past forty-five minutes and despite his guilt over the situation, Tony couldn't help but feel a little impatient. Sure, he didn't doubt that this was the real Steve Rogers, but he still wanted to talk to him because… That was a good enough reason, right?
"You can't force people to get help, especially if they don't need it! I don't need it! I'm fucking Iron Man for Christ's sake!"
"I seriously was about to fire him when the Code Orange was called," she said. "That stopped me, and I couldn't. I can't get rid of the head of PR in the middle of an emergency. That would be suicide." Lara squeezed her eyes shut hard.
"Uh, yeah," he said. "There's a phone in the office next to the elevator. Why do you need it? Who do you want to call?"
Although that was probably and understatement, Tony still nodded in agreement with himself on that. With one more deep breath, he started moving towards the door.
"Only because he doesn't know it," Lara defended. "Besides, I've only got it narrowed down to sixty-four thousand possibilities if I did the math right, so…" Pepper huffed in annoyance.
"Other than some minor slander – which can be taken up in civil court – Mr. Freeman hasn't committed any crime," the cop said. "We have no cause to arrest him. We're here because of the Peoples Unity Church." Tony brought the palm of his hand to his face.
"So, you're going to walk around D.C. at nine-thirty at night looking for an ice cream shop that sells diabetic ice cream and that's open in the middle of January."
"Didn't really go his way, did it?" Steve remarked as the Hulk fought against the National Guardsmen trying to subdue him in the video footage playing back on the tablet he had been given. That incident had taken place at Culver University in Virginia the previous year. According to the text accompanying the footage, Banner had gone back there to retrieve some research files and things escalated quickly. It was tough to watch.
"Which could be hours." Betty sighed in aggravation. "Do you mind…?" Bruce shook his head and stepped out of the way.
The movie went by rather quickly and most were barely paying attention due to having seen it before. They kept their chatter low, though, aware of the fact that Steve had almost certainly not seen the film before. As far as Tony could tell, he enjoyed it. However, he did notice that Steve's arms tightened around his waist when they got to Goose's death scene. Realizing his boyfriend was probably thinking of his fallen brother in everything but blood, Tony leaned back and pressed a kiss to his cheek.
"Already taken care of Miss Conroy," the AI replied. "Mr. Stark had me disable the alarms and inform the fire department while you were still in the elevator." Lara sucked in a breath through her teeth.
Happy Deadpool Day! Please don't be too pissed that this chapter once again only features original characters.
When he woke up, they had already arrived at the tower. Steve had a hand on his shoulder and was nudging him carefully. Tony smiled at the sight of his boyfriend being so gentle, and he got a smile in return. Steve helped him out of the car, keeping him steady until he touched down on the cement floor of the parking garage underneath the tower.
"Of course," Clint said. "You know better than anyone that nothing can be kept hidden from that woman." Natasha had to laugh at that. "Besides, even if I needed to, I don't think I'd be able to keep this from her. Not with the dreams I've been having."
"Last time I saw Tony, I gave him a method to reach me in case something big happened like the Chitauri invading again." Steve and Natasha gave her identical surprised looks. "Yeah, I know about that and I'm pissed that Fury didn't call me. To circumvent that, I gave Tony a way to get into contact with me, which was fine until he paged me five minutes ago." Tony flinched a little at her easy pass-off of the blame. However, he smoothly transitioned it into an eyeroll.
"Good." Pepper nodded. "Good to hear. Now, are you still going to be here this afternoon for your assistant interviews?"
"Maybe," Lara said without much confidence. "But other than these unfortunate circumstances, things are going well?" Bruce furrowed his brow.
Tony had Stane listed as both his next of kin and as the person who could make medical decisions on his behalf should he become incapacitated. So, naturally, he was called as soon as Tony was admitted to the hospital. While for the most part, Stane seemed angry about the situation, it didn't seem like he knew why Tony might have done this to himself in the first place.
"And you're worried that's what might be happening to Tony right now; that they could seriously be abusing him." Steve shook his head to that statement from Rhodey.
Thor seemed to accept this answer, nodded, and took a seat next to his brother, who muttered something about him being a complete imbecile. Steve took a moment to process the conversation he just witnessed and decide whether this was reality. (He concluded that it was, just for the simple fact that the whole thing was too strange for anyone to make up.) Then, he noticed that the seat next to Tony wasn't taken, so he sat right down.
"Yeah." He pushed back into his seat somewhat uncomfortably. "I know I shouldn't be but… I can't stop." Beside him, he could see Pepper slip her bookmark between the pages before turning to face him.
"Oh, I have no doubt she will," Adoniram said. "Especially if Stark is involved." Salinas nodded in agreement.
The board did not like this because it made it seem like SI was admitting culpability to what happened when it was clearly S.H.I.E.L.D. and the Avenger's mess. Tony was adamant about doing it, though. He as an individual had played a part in all the damage that was caused and all the lives that were lost. Because of that, he was going to use all the resources at his disposal – including SI – to try to fix as much of it as he could. Many of the board members backed off on that once they saw the positive effects their part in the recovery effort had on the stocks.
"Shit," Clint muttered to himself. "But that's not reason enough to lie to your loved ones. Just because he was worried about you while you were going through withdrawals…"
"My mother was a nurse," Steve explained. "When I was a kid, she'd take any work she could get at any hospital, including the sanitarium. She didn't work there long, though, only a day. No amount of money could make up for the horrors she witnessed there."
"JARVIS," he said addressing his suit's AI. Thor looked confused for a second as he looked around for the mysteriously invisible fourth person. "do you have a bead on our little attempted supreme overlord?" Steve couldn't hear what JARVIS was saying as Tony only had him wired to access the internal speakers, not the external ones. However, whatever he said clearly shocked Tony. "What? Are you serious?"
"Enough!" On the other side of the crowd, Dr. Smith stood atop a chair, glaring down at all of them. "Mr. Stark is
As a last-ditch effort, S.H.I.E.L.D. was trying to locate anyone who had any involvement in Project: Rebirth or the SSR back in the day who was still alive, of sound enough mind, and possibly had information that could help them. It was going about as well as anyone would expect.
"What?" He punched his access code into the door again and sprinted into the lab. Steve just barely managed to catch the door before it closed and followed Tony inside. "JARVIS put the results up on-screen." The holographic screen above his desk lit up, presenting the image of a police memo.
"Like I could run a 10K," Tony said. "What do you think?" Bruce was unphased by his snappiness. He could deal with severe patients.
"Good," he heard Tony's voice say in his ear. Within seconds the armor whooshed right past Steve as Tony went to get a better look at the engine. "Let's see what we've got." What they got clearly wasn't good. After all, the thing was on fire. However, Tony could see more than that. He could see a way to fix it, at least that's what Steve could gather from the large amount of technobabble Tony dropped on him. He then watched as Tony tried to push something back into place. "I need you to get to that engine control panel and tell me which relays are in overload position."
"We believe your father might have withheld certain pieces of information from S.H.I.E.L.D. archive for one reason or another, such as physical examinations of Captain Rogers after he underwent treatment with the Serum," he explained. "We know that the Serum's formula was lost with the death of Dr. Abraham Erskine. We just want to try and save this man's life." Tony turned back to studying the man behind the glass.
"Try me," Tony said. "I mean, I'm my own mess of a basket case, so I'm not sure how much of a help I'd be, but if you want to talk, I'm willing to listen. Just say the magic words."
Since Tony knew the override codes for the elevator, he could program it to take them up to Stark Industries' executive floor without making any other stops. The doors opened and Tony almost blasted out of the elevator before he remembered that he still had Steve with him. He put a hand on the door to keep it from closing before turning back to Steve.
Natasha could see the dirty look the concierge was giving her. Obviously, he didn't condone her putting her socked feet on the pristine couch that sat in the waiting area. Too bad. She was comfortable like this and it felt so good to be comfortable after a needlessly exhausting two-hour flight. Besides, at least she had the courtesy to take off her snow-covered boots first.
"Nervous," he said. "And also, a little achy, but mostly nervous." Steve rubbed his back sympathetically.
He landed in a somewhat even spot on the rocks just a few feet from Knežević. The criminal didn't even look behind him as he took a swig from the crystalline bottle he was holding.
"It turns out we were on the right track by treating Captain Rogers for hypothermia." Tony glanced over at the agent in surprise but quickly turned his attention back to the unconscious man in the next room. "The only thing we didn't account for was that his average core body temperature is much higher than what is considered normal. A cellular biologist we have on staff was able to determine the temperature we needed to get him up to and one of our engineers modified the heat packs to reach higher temperatures without burning the patient." Tony had to admit he was mildly impressed, however, he had other concerns now.
"I found out that my ex is a member of the Peoples Unity Church," she said. "That's how he figured out where I worked. He was attending one of the services and saw me getting on the elevator. I still have no idea how he found my personal phone number, though."
"No, that's not all!" Tony ignored her, turned, and started walking out the door. Steve followed closely behind him. "We want Captain Rogers back by ten, and…"
Thankfully, the answer was not anything irrational. Steve faced Tony rather than Carol, putting his hands right on Tony's shoulders and looked him directly in the eyes.
"Sure, it is." Lara scowled in disbelief at Tony's tone but quickly turned her attention back to her phone. Meanwhile, Bruce slid into the seat across from Steve and Tony.
Tony could vaguely remember someone saying that they poured out all the alcohol, but they probably didn't think to even touch the mouthwash. Tony smirked and got out of the tub.
"Thanks," Conroy said as she stepped in the room. "I know I'm early but-" She stopped mid-sentence as she took in Tony's appearance. "No offense, but why do you look like an extra from
Surprisingly, Freeman was fast for a man his age. Natasha could keep up, but at the same time she didn't want to confront him just yet. He was still on the phone spouting important information. She could still garner something useful.
Alright, now I need to elaborate on what I mean by a "dead-end" and I really don't want to... Anyway, here we go. I am officially out of material to cover my post dates. How do I know this? Because my next post date was supposed to be November 24th and I don't have a chapter ready to go. I have only written 1,776 words of Chapter Twenty-Nine and if I had to make an estimate, it's probably going to be around four-thousand words in length. I can't write approximately 3,300 in two days, especially when I have a family engagement to go to tomorrow.
"You aren't experiencing any muscle weakness?" Wylie asked. "You haven't suddenly passed out and stopped breathing?"
"I know," he said. "I regret that ever happened, but I'm a different man now and I want to make amends." Lara scoffed at that. "I'm serious. I've learned the truth and now I need to fix my past mistakes."
Rhodey and Happy stayed for as long as they could before they got kicked out. At around nine o'clock, a petite yet intimidating nurse named Clara informed them that visiting hours were over and unless they wanted to check themselves into the emergency room, they were going to have to leave. Both men knew better than to try arguing with her, the two men did as she ordered.
However, Howard wasn't the only person in Tony's life who had known Steve Rogers and discussed the man behind Captain America with him. So, it wasn't all resentment Tony felt towards him. His Aunt Peggy had painted an entirely different picture of the man; one that didn't always reflect the gold-standard that Howard had presented. She told him of a man who wasn't perfect; one who stood up for what he believed in and protected those who were defenseless; how he had roped his father and Peggy into helping him sneak across enemy lines to save a number of captured POWs, including his best friend; and – perhaps most importantly of all – he was told how Steve had once thought "fondue" was a sexual act and had to be informed by Howard that it was just bread with melted cheese on it. (That still makes Tony laugh to this day.)
Despite having no clue how to go about re-warming Rogers' body, the S.H.I.E.L.D. team did do everything they could think of to keep him alive. On the way there they followed the standard first-aid protocol for treating someone with hypothermia (getting the person out of the cold, removing wet clothing, covering the person with blankets or towels, etc.), and once they had arrived the staff at the medical center treated him as though he had a very severe hypothermic case. It was the bare minimum that could be done for him at least. So far it seemed to be helping. Well, really it wasn't affecting anything, but it wasn't making Rogers' condition worse either, so technically it was neither a hinderance nor a help. Still, it was better than nothing.
"You probably should," Bruce said from the doorway. "If he has frostbite, the most important thing to do is warm him up."
and her entire house shaking. Even though she had been living in LA for a few months, she had never experienced an earthquake of this magnitude before. Sure, the ground always gave little tremors from time to time, but this was a lot more than that. It had to be a 5.0 or higher. A big one, if you will.
Lara apologized one last time while walking around the man. Once out the door, she bolted down the hallway and to the stairwell. There was still a steady stream of people making their way down the stairs, so she didn't feel like a
As much as he didn't like hearing it, Steve knew Natasha was right. Tony would head straight for the bar. He was looking for alcohol while they were fighting the night before and he had made drinking a regular habit recently. It made Steve feel stupid. He knew this was a problem and let it go on for so long. Now, Tony was suffering for his failure to intervene. If this didn't make him the worst boyfriend ever…
Before they entered the main room where the doctors were working and monitoring them, they had to walk through what looked like a giant 360-degree shower. It was most likely used to decontaminate doctors as they went in and out of the room, but it noticeably wasn't turned on now because nobody needed to be decontaminated.
"And they can wait," Pepper said. "We don't know what's going on right now and even if we do, we're under strict instructions not to say anything. So, just tell the media that we can't comment on the situation right now.
Steve nodded, knowing the feeling. When he was little and got sick, he'd beg his mother to sleep in his room with him because he didn't want to be alone. So, reminding himself that this was completely platonic, Steve walked over to the other side of the bed, toed off his shoes, pulled back the covers, and climbed in. Tony shifted so that he was lying down and facing Steve. The smile on his face was immediately reciprocated.
Steve found himself at a gym somewhere between Midtown and Brooklyn. Whenever he got too overwhelmed with memories of his life before being trapped in the ice or his seemingly complete inability to integrate into modern life, he found himself wanting to punch something. Luckily, there was an open, yet completely empty gym that he found on his way back to his apartment. With nothing else to do and a lot of pent-up feelings of anxiety and anger he wanted to get rid of, Steve went in and paid the required amount to spend a couple of hours slamming his fists into a series of several punching bags. (All of which Steve had to pay to replace.) That's what he had been doing when Nick Fury found him.
"28 Konigstrasse, Stuttgart, Germany," Tony finished for her. "I've got to go." Before Lara could say anything he headed off to the suit assembly station out on the exterior balcony. He stepped on to the platform and the machines around him came to life, locking and screwing everything into its proper place. Lara caught up to him then.
"Yep," Lara said, popping the "p." "I looked up the comments on the original upload, and most people seem to be supportive of you. Although, FYI, most of the views the video got probably came from me replaying it over and over because that was just glorious, and I wish I could have appreciated it properly at the moment."
They sat there for a while in silence. Tony tried to process the fact that he was still alive while Steve supported him. It was a nice moment, but the moment had to pass, and Tony started to move to lie back down. Steve shut off the light and did the same, lying on his side to face him.
"I'm right here." For the first time, Freeman took notice of Tony, who was standing at the back of the gathered group. His expression was one of shock and relief.
"Yes," Steve said. "Why wouldn't it be? I mean, I know I'm just sick and I can't get better. Hell, the serum couldn't even fix this, and it fixed everything else…"
"You're avoiding it." Lara's nostrils flared and she looked from Pepper to Tony in complete indignation.
His stomach was starting to feel a bit better. Granted he did experience a setback in drinking the expired apple juice the night before. By the time he finished talking to Happy and Pepper and went to tell Steve what he decided on, his still-recovering stomach decided that it didn't like what he had done to it and inflicted the worst pain imaginable onto him. Nonetheless, Tony was not deterred from talking with Steve and managed to get him to a point where at least it seemed like he understood. That was a load off his mind considering that his next biggest issue was that he was completely unable to eat.
What Steve heard his mother say in the kitchen haunted him. His mother almost never cried. As a nurse, she saw people who were sick or injured every day and was never once driven to tears. Even when Steve was sick himself, she was able to hold it together, even with the bleakest diagnosis. So if something was so horrific that it made his mom cry, it was really truly horrific.
"Never thought I'd hear those words come out of your mouth," Rhodey tried to joke but failed miserably. He gave Tony's shoulder an apologetic rub and a comforting squeeze. "But you know that's not true." Tony shook his head and let out a strangled gasp of air.
"Uh…" Steve could feel his heart slamming against his ribs. He hadn't felt like that since the last time he'd gotten pneumonia, which was a few months before the serum. He forgot how terrible that felt. "I'm not sure that's a good idea."
"You disconnected the transmission lines?" Pepper asked, just to make sure everything was good to go. "Are we off the grid?"
Rubbing her eyes, Lara moved to sit on the other side of the hallway, determined to wait them out. Taking her phone out of her robe pocket, she hit the home button to check the time. She groaned when she saw that it was almost one AM. That meant they'd been going at it for almost four hours and that she had five hours until she had to start getting ready for work. Again, she wondered whatever happened to basic human decency and erectile dysfunction.
Clint sighed. He knew if he locked the dog out again, he'd just go back to scratching on the door. He looked the dog directly in the eyes.
"Good to hear," she said before getting to her feet. "Alright, I think we've had enough chit-chat boys. We've already wasted a good fifteen minutes and we've got an elaborate space-opera to sit through."
"Just generally run-down," Clint said. "But I've been breathing just fine since I've been back and I don't feel otherwise sick, so I'd say that I'm on the road to recovery."
"I can't, Steve," Tony said. "My house just got broken into. I need to go back there and make sure nothing was taken."
"Well dafaq if I knew that at the time." Tony rolled his eyes as he started hitting buttons on the coffee maker.
Clint looked up to see the others staring at him. When the letter opened, it made a loud ripping noise. Everyone turned to look just as the powder flew black in his face. Their expressions were just as shocked as his own. Stark spoke first.
"Oh, no," Bruce said, shaking his head. "I understand the others are incapacitated, but I'm not going to unleash the Hulk. Not for this."
"Over there…" Jessica's eyes went wide as soon as she turned around. Stark had slumped over and fallen into the snowbank, clearly having fallen unconscious.
This was good. Not ideal, but good. Thanos was, at the very least, considering his offer. That kept him alive for a bit longer. It also allowed the edges of a plan to form in Loki's mind. He wasn't entirely sure of all the details yet, but he could easily work with the foundation he had built. Once given complete control of the remains of Midgard, Loki could easily create an army to invade Asgard. Humans were very feeble-minded creatures. As soon as they accepted him as their new ruler, he could easily lead them into battle and regain control of the throne of Asgard. He could see it already. Oh, it was so glorious.
"Still," Bruce said. "It's not your fault. It'll never be your fault, okay?" Lara squeezed her eyes shut and took a deep breath, seemingly trying to calm herself.
"Pepper and I wouldn't have worked out," he said. "We both know that now." Natasha nodded in agreement. "Also, I don't do orgies anymore. Not since Bangkok."
Eventually, though, they relented and a few months ago they finally came out with a press release stating that Steve Rogers was alive and well, having spent sixty-five years frozen in the Arctic Circle. You know what happened after that? Absolutely nothing. Well, Steve did have to answer a few questions for a few reporters initially, but after that, the public didn't seem to have much interest. Probably because most of the public was too young to have even lived through the Second World War. They hadn't heard of Captain America outside of their history books and their Grandpa's (full of bull) war stories. The way S.H.I.E.L.D. had made it sound, he would get mobbed just as bad as Tony does whenever he even so much as thinks about entering a public space, but no. That's not what happened. Steve could go out in public and not get accosted by anyone. Yeah, S.H.I.E.L.D. was clearly only interested in keeping everyone's eyes away from them. Well, they probably should have thought about that before they thawed him out of the ice.
Steve sighed. Again, he had to realize that he was talking to a brick wall. As much as he wanted to help Tony, he couldn't do it while he was this drunk. He'd try this again in the morning. For right now, all he could do was get Tony back to the hotel.
Shortly after the breathing tube was inserted down his throat, Clint began to find it difficult to keep his eyes open. They just kept drifting closed and it got harder and harder to force them to open again. It was like tiny weights had been hooked into his eyelids. Eventually, he just gave up the fight and let his eyes stay closed. Nothing interesting was happening anyway.
"Touch it," the frog-man implored. "Then you will know." Seeing that he had nothing to lose, Tarquan tentatively reached out a finger and did as the man said.
Natasha raised her glass in kind and clinked it against Stark's before washing the juice down in one go. Not having expected the drink to be as sour as it was, she made a face as she set her glass down.
By the time she reached that point of the pamphlet, Carol had enough. She ripped it into pieces and for good measure she hit those pieces with a few energy blasts. Only ash was left when she was done with it. Still, she couldn't help the sick feeling she was getting in her stomach.
"You've got one, sweetheart," was the last thing she heard him say before she pushed the door open and stepped outside.
