He had called me brilliant. I tried not to hope, but a flip of my stomach suggested I was not succeeding.
In his mind’s eye, Sherlock was naked on his bed, duvet just covering his groin. All of his other skin would be exposed for John’s perusal. He would stand in the doorway and rake his eyes over long fingers, long arms, and miles of lean legs. John would not hesitate, he’d take off his own clothes and join the beauty in his bed and see where the night took them.
John wondered how Sherlock knew about his short-lived marriage but didn’t ask. Of course the genius knew, just like he seemed to know everything else about John. John sighed, pulled up his contacts, and called Sherlock’s mobile. John rolled his eyes and sighed again after the fifth ring. The infuriating wanker could at least pick up his phone in a timely manner. He was asking for John’s help, not the other way around.
Sherlock worked on his own projects, trying to keep out of John’s way. He also tried to quietly coax John out of the mood. He used his hands to touch John’s shoulders, squeeze his hands between his own, trail fingers lightly along his nape. Once he lightly pinched his bum as he walked by. John had turned and Sherlock winked at him. John’s slow smile that barely reached his eyes was better than nothing, but he had been hoping for a grin and a declaration of “Prat.”
Sherlock grabbed the hem of John’s t-shirt and pulled it up and off. John returned the favor while Sherlock toed off his socks. He stilled and took John’s face in his huge hands. He looked down at John, naked and open and so incredibly soft, and said, “Why are you still wearing socks?”
Sherlock solved it in 20 minutes. I imagine berating Hayes for wasting his time took longer than that. The six passengers were part of an extended family. After looking at everyone’s Facebook and Snapchat it was clear who had done it, at least to Sherlock. A grad student, Richard, from the Physics Department at Bristol University was in love with one of the daughters, but it seemed she didn’t return his affections. She lived in Edinburgh and was not in the balloon that day, but Richard thought that if her whole family died tragically, then he could swoop in and comfort her.
Suddenly Sherlock was irritated. Beyond irritated. He’d been walking on eggshells ever since John thought he still lived with his mother.
He was satisfied to note that at the first second of recognition, there was fear in her eyes. Instantly, it was replaced by a defiant sneer. And infuriatingly, she began to laugh. Full of derision, she said, “Oh my god, what are
“John,” he purred and leaned down to kiss John’s jawline and nudged his nose under his earlobe. He reached down with one hand and gave John’s arse a sharp squeeze.
Sherlock seemed to take John’s statement in the spirit in which it was given. Quiet, sad, but not bitter or a complaint. Sherlock smiled at him, dipped his head down in a nod of acknowledgement, and reached forward to tap his glass against John’s.
. Sherlock reached out his hand and John took it, clasped it like a handshake, rubbed his thumb over Sherlock’s and promptly fell back asleep.
Sherlock, despite his position, scoffed. In retrospect, it probably wasn't the thing to do if self-preservation was his primary objective. But when was it ever?
“Or not…” John said softly, turning to pour the glasses. He was confused. Sherlock had been the one to invite himself over and now he seemed deeply suspicious. Possibly he was paranoid from the cocaine? Although, to John, he didn’t seem high anymore. He looked dead tired. And too thin. John pulled up the mobile app that allowed him to order local delivery and placed an order from his favourite Chinese.
John’s hand opened but stayed rested along his shaft. Sherlock watched as his body started to move and stretch. He heard a loud snore, then heard John’s lips smack. He was waking up and Sherlock stayed exactly where he was and waited.
“Stop!” Sherlock shouted, startling John into looking up at him. The look of surprise was quickly replaced with one of salacious intent.
Graham took over the proceedings and said, “There are four. And it’s three hundred for all of them. We’re ready to transfer the four overnight to the location of your choosing.”
He took Sherlock’s hand and turned to hail a cab. Sherlock huddled close so their arms and joined hands were trapped between them. He turned slightly so he could bend down and place a small trail of kisses from John’s temple and down to the shell of his ear. He pulled John’s earlobe between his lips and John gasped. Sherlock rumbled into his ear, “I want you.”
One hour and seventeen minutes later, I heard the downstairs door unlock. John was home but he did not immediately ascend the stairs. I listened as silent minutes ticked by.
Sherlock helped John stiffly return to standing and kissed him for long moments before taking his hand and leading him to their bedroom.
John. Trusting John. After a long sleep, he was in such a good mood. He listened to music and made Sherlock tea for once. John hummed and slowly read the paper. He’d nicked Mrs. Hudson’s Daily Mail and enjoyed tutting at a photo of a busty blonde in a tiny hat.
Perhaps my worry was all for naught. After all, I had told him about my drug use. Would he even want to stay acquainted with me, much less share rooms? I had also abandoned him at the restaurant without explanation. I understood this to be fairly rude.
John looked around the room inspecting it as he had the rest of the flat. It was a very plain room. It did not suit John Watson at all.
My mind buzzed with the compliments, delaying my response. John didn’t seem to mind. He stared at me patiently until I lifted him to standing. He stood a bit too close, but I didn’t mind especially since he still held my hand in his. He looked into my eyes for a long moment. Would now be a good time to broach the subject of a romantic relationship? Before I could decide, he spoke.
“That’s the thing, though,” Sherlock said, pushing a hand through his hair in a gesture of frustration. “He didn’t have a family in Australia. He had no siblings and his parents were dead. Victor knew the note was written by him but reckoned that it was under duress. Noah probably wrote that thing about a family knowing Victor would know it was false.”
His brows knitted together and he scrunched up his nose in one of John’s most favorite expressions his beautiful face could make. John knew he was smiling dopily at his love, but he didn’t care one whit.
Sherlock, tired of being slow and teasing, tightened his fingers and swirled his tongue around the corona, the frenulum, up and down the shaft. He wanted John absolutely soaked.
I welcomed the frigid air that greeted me. I wrapped my scarf more tightly around me and walked quickly to Marylebone Road where I immediately hired a cab.
“Good,” he said with finality. Sherlock closed his eyes and John thought he was finished talking about his experience. But after a long silence, he said, “Mary drugged me. I fell to the floor. I tried to call out for you.”
Sherlock puffed a sharp breath out his nose and shook his head slightly. “I was thinking something similar.”
“Sherlock, you need to talk to him. I don’t see a way around that, I’m afraid. There’s a big difference between an intense friendship and romance. The best romances come from friendship, but if he’s not oriented that way...well…then,” she stopped.
John opened his eyes to find Sherlock, hand still holding their mostly hard cocks, with his mouth hanging open and his eyes still closed. John lifted his body up with the intention of heading to the loo to get something to clean them up. Sherlock did not agree with this plan and quickly hugged John tightly to him, apparently not caring about the mess between them. John got his arms under Sherlock’s shoulders and squeezed right back.
John rose and walked towards him. Sherlock faced him, chest heaving. He felt completely out of control. Angry, helpless, and worst of all, embarrassed. He wondered what it was about this photographer that made him feel so insecure. His very unhelpful brain was trying to reveal the answer
After long moments of breathing together, John felt his body slowly release the tension he’d been holding since Sherlock had entered Shoreditch House. His heavy limbs and eyelids relaxed.
John is insanely flattered by Sherlock’s praise. He can’t quite believe it and it flusters him. He tries to cover up how off-kilter he feels with an attempt at humor.
Quickly, he sat up and Sherlock felt him tug at the zip tie around his wrists. His arms immediately fell to his sides as the pressure of the tie was severed. He moaned in relief and the man chuckled again, thrusting his hips one last time before standing and walking to the door. Sherlock looked up at him in time to see him stow the knife in a sheath on his belt.
John chuckled softly, trailing his hands down Sherlock’s arms. “I’m just winding you up, love, I want to move downstairs.” He smiled softly. “Even if I have to leave my socks up here.”
The woman’s face broke into a huge friendly smile. “Oh, yes, Graham told me you were coming. Welcome to Shoreditch House.”
Sherlock hauled John up to standing and turned him around. He knelt to start unbuttoning his jeans. John placed his hands on Sherlock’s shoulders for balance as he helped him out of his shoes, socks, pants, and jeans.
“I’m going to change and then I’ll help you get washed up if you want, or just changed into your bed clothes.”
“I know a place near your flat,” Sherlock said, giving the driver the name of the place and directions.
John’s glare was so murderous, so frighteningly full-body, that she stopped moving or making a sound immediately.
Sherlock’s only response was to walk towards the clothes rack. He shrugged on the big coat and turned to look at John. “Lovely,” he said, and pointed Sherlock towards a dark corner.
“Honey, I don’t want anyone else. I want you too much. I want you all of the time. It’s distracting how much I want you. I will never want anyone else again for the rest of my life.”
He tried, he really, truly tried to be good to John. He turned them both around and started walking towards the bedroom, shuffling their feet so he didn’t have to release his hold on John. John wasn’t so drunk he couldn’t walk, but Sherlock just wanted him close. Wanted to feel his soft cock shifting against John’s sticky cleft.
Is this what sex did to people? His few past partners were little more than bodies to him so they didn’t spend much time together after the orgasms. If there even was one for him. Of course, there always was for his partners. Sherlock prided himself on being the best and brightest in everything, including bestowing pleasure on casual hook-ups he gave zero fucks about. It was for his own satisfaction that his partners were blown away (no pun intended).
Later that day, each sitting cross-legged on the floor in Sherlock’s room, Victor kissed him. It was slow and quiet and a little bit wet. Sherlock sat very still while Victor placed a few short pecks on his lips and swiped his tongue gently along his upper lip.
John was losing his vision in the way of old men. He couldn’t see the menu. He couldn’t read the newspaper. He couldn’t read the fine print on the honey he wanted to buy for Sherlock.
“I think so Sherlock Holmes. You are looking seriously beautiful in this light and my camera can’t wait.”
John worked on the guilt he felt. They still waited for word of Jack. John told Sherlock he’d accepted that he’d never see Jack again, but Sherlock knew he was just trying to talk himself into acceptance. Sherlock tried to reassure him and tell him he was the best person he’d ever known as often as possible.
John’s touch made Sherlock’s chest ache more than his arm. John stopped petting him and settled his head more firmly into the pillow. Within a few minutes he was smacking his lips and sighing. His breathing evened out and Sherlock knew he was asleep. It would take long minutes before much needed sleep found him, amidst his swirling thoughts of
Feeling a bit chastened, he said, “I’m sorry, John.” He kept his hands over the marred skin of both entry and exit wound and kissed John’s lips.
John immediately buried his face in Sherlock’s neck and started to slowly thrust again. Sherlock gasped. John panted, “Just...let me.” Sherlock held tighter, relishing the feeling of John chasing his own long orgasmic aftershocks. After a moment John stopped moving and let out a long satisfied sigh. Sherlock could feel him smiling against his neck.
Sherlock smiled, knowing that John was just bursting to tell him the story. “You have a fondness for flagrantly disobeying the rules, but I thought maybe that started after the Army.”
. He bit his lips as he allowed these thoughts to arouse himself. He could feel his cock stiffen, trapped against his left inner thigh by his trousers.
After a few long moments, Victor’s dark brown eyes narrowed and his eyebrows pulled together. “Holmes?”
“John,” he pleaded, heart racing. If John was not taking the piss, then there was about to be monumental shift of 8.0 earthquake proportions. He loved John, was attracted to John, wanted to plaster himself against John and never move. The only reason he had not thrown himself at John’s feet was that his friend had always declared “I am not gay.” Sherlock had heard it countless times since the day after they met.
It wasn’t prudent. It wasn’t professional. This young addict was exquisite and troubled and possibly attached to an ex-lover from his youth. John would be unwise to get involved with Sherlock. But he was so brilliant and heart-stoppingly beautiful. John had rarely felt so powerless against his own longing.
John smiled and ran his fingers through Sherlock’s frizzy curls. “I’ll just…” John pointed to the camera and got up.
John’s hands still over his ears, he explained, “Murder at Rupert Street in Soho. I need to go undercover as a bartender to get information about the staff and patrons.”
John had his hands around Sherlock’s hips, gripping, pushing, pulling, helping their rhythm. He thrust up into Sherlock’s fist closed around them. John said, “You feel so good, I can’t wait to get inside you. Do you want that?”
“Sherlock?” John said softly. His hand reached out to touch mine on the table. Startled, I snatched back my hand. My whole body flooded with the desire to flee. I stood with my back to him and put on my coat. John looked confused.
He wouldn’t meet Sherlock’s eyes. Their kisses didn’t go beyond a quick peck on the lips or cheek. There had been no sex, no longing looks, no teasing banter. Just small sad smiles when he thought Sherlock wasn’t looking.
Sherlock could see John’s eyes open watching his fingers. Then he sighed and closed them with a slight furrow of his brow.
Sherlock’s hands roamed John’s body, one hand settling on John’s arse. He lowered his other hand to cup John’s crotch. He squeezed the bulge through trousers and pants and with a huge grin said, “This is mine.”
“I’ll never wear pants again,” he vowed, and added, “Plus I was quite fond of the look on your face the first time you removed my trousers. I revisit it in my memory palace more often than I should admit.”
He only knew that there was never and will never be anyone that he wants to touch other than John Watson. Perhaps he should say something reassuring?
“Tetrodotoxin. Found in almost all species of blowfish. People eat ‘fugu’ for the thrill of it. They enjoy the tingle on their lips and tongue. Idiots. It’s also found on the skin of a few species of North American salamanders. The friend had some of these newts as pets. The pet frog was a clue. Somehow got the toxin into the victim’s mouth. Lestrade will test the mints I saw and I’ll be able to confirm my suspicion that they were covered in the toxin and left for the victim. The killer wouldn’t have wanted to be there.”
Sherlock stopped posing and stood quietly. When John was satisfied he looked up and decided to try to get to know his model better.
John watched Sherlock from a dark corner of the bar. He was acting as bartender and was wearing the disguise he’d dreamed up the previous day. Well, he was wearing the actual disguise, not the pants-less version they both had enjoyed for hours yesterday. He wore the mesh t-shirt, paired with snug black jeans, the Doc Marten boots, but he wasn’t wearing the dumb wool hat. Instead, his hair was slicked back away from his face. He wore two matching leather cuffs on his wrists. John really, really liked those cuffs. They were giving him some very creative, very provocative ideas.
They were quiet during their ride to Agra. Sherlock thought about their plan and felt a small flutter of nerves in his gut. He squeezed the fingertips of one hand with his other, working the cuticles and nails, trying to ground his body into stillness. He thought about Victor and wondered where he was, how he was being treated. He bit his lower lip and chewed the inside of his cheek, working his fingertips against each other.
As if Greg knew what John was thinking, he led them into the main door of the Shoreditch House. Although they had no idea, they were greeted by the same two women at the front desk that had let Sherlock into the building. John had a very hard time not screaming into her beautiful face.
Sherlock’s lips part slightly and his eyes widen. He looks interested and a tiny bit surprised. He looks down and picks up his wine glass. They're both sitting forward in their chairs, wine glasses in hand, calmly looking into the other’s eyes.
The hair on John’s arms and neck stood up. He knew it could turn out to be nothing, but it didn’t feel like nothing.
He blinked again and realized what he was seeing. Sherlock had started by cleaning the various beakers and erlenmeyer flasks, but now he was cleaning their actual dishes. He was also humming. And...sort of...dancing.
Sherlock’s eyes flicked over the doorway, and over to the hair and makeup people. They would transform him into a suit-wearing sex bomb. Sherlock walked to the small room and went inside, nodding at the man and woman waiting just outside. John followed and lingered in the doorway.
He stopped so suddenly in the lounge doorway that John bumped into his back. He quickly turned as John was saying, “What -” He cut him off with kiss. Sherlock pulled John’s smaller frame to his and tightly wrapped his arms around his shoulders, shoving one hand through the hair on the back of John’s head. John reached up and threaded both hands through Sherlock’s curls. They stood there in the doorway, kissing, feeling. John’s hands roamed from his curls to his jawline to his neck then back up to his head. Sherlock, on the other hand, had settled his large hands over John’s bum and was pulling him upwards, squeezing and holding his hips close to his own. The feeling of John’s hard cock, trapped in denim but very prominent, was pushing Sherlock towards desperation. His hands shook, he shivered all over, and his breath came out in quick puffs and pants.
Sherlock swallowed John all the way down. The best orgasm John had ever felt ripped through his muscles, down to his bones, and over his skin. His stomach muscles contracted and he let out a hoarse yell. Sherlock breathed noisily through his nose, stilling to let John pulse and pulse his release down his throat, all the while thrusting his cock into John’s leg.
“But. But how could I deduce how much of a ‘grower’ you are. That is the term, isn’t it?” Sherlock chuckled again and reached for John’s cock and balls and placed his huge hand over John’s whole package and said, “There is no statistical relationship between flaccid and erect length. How was I to know what your erectile tissue would do?” Now Sherlock laughed, still cupping John with his left hand and squeezing around his shoulders with his right. Sherlock was holding him at either end of his torso and sort of rocking him against his side.
I tried to understand why John would try to reach me now. What had happened to John’s sex date? In my limited experience, sex was quick, sweaty, and mostly satisfying, yet unromantic. Not knowing John for that long, though feeling like I knew him well already, he seemed to be the sort that would invite a woman to spend the night. He’d make her tea in the morning and she’d look at him with big eyes. She’d probably giggle. Wretched.
But John’s voice reminded him that John needed to be fucked tonight, apparently. Well, he could do that. He just needed to stop licking and fingering and wanking.
He stood, and with wet hands, ruffled his curls. He looked up and down the beach and didn’t see anyone about but John. His John, sitting on the shore, leaning back on his hands with his head lolling on one shoulder. He walked slowly out of the water and approached John, who had picked up his camera and was taking a few photos. Sherlock walked slowly, posing a bit, feeling completely unselfconscious about his nudity. John made him feel beautiful and sexy. John snapped several more times.
After only a minute Sherlock felt the familiar tension building in his lower abdomen, his balls drawn up tight against his body. He hated to pull off, but he had to warn him, “Gonna come,” Sherlock said through gritted teeth. John redoubled his efforts and sucked harder, pumping his hand quicker along the shaft. Sherlock’s mouth went slack, anticipating his impending orgasm. John took advantage of this to start fucking into Sherlock's throat. Sherlock moaned at this realization. He was going to come with the taste and smell of John burrowed in all of his senses. He was absolutely giddy at the thought of it.
Sherlock backed away two steps. Victor looked at him, but there was no recognition. He looked terrified. There was evidence of a severe beating some days ago. Dark purple bruising turned green and yellow around his throat, down one side of his face from temple to jaw. The sclera of one eye was black with pooled blood.
“I’m way more handsome and charming with you. Not as gorgeous as you, but I do all right,” he wistfully look away.
John was astonished. A beautiful formal garden gave way to wild walls covered in and wisteria and surrounded by hollyhocks. They found a secluded bench and sat.
Mycroft fiddled with the handle of his umbrella. “Similar type of holding area. Two persons were being held there. Only two guards. Easy, really, to subdue them. Victor’s friend Noah was one of the men freed.”
Sherlock didn’t take his eyes off of John and bumped their cups together. Sherlock leaned in and kissed John sweetly. He pulled back and said, “I love you too.”
Apparently Sherlock wasn’t because he kissed John then, letting their slippery tongues slide against each other. He sucked John’s bottom lip into his mouth, then his tongue. John walked them back towards the bed, still wanting to lie down with Sherlock’s weight on top of him.
He looked around and saw John immediately. He was no longer skating. He was hanging out at the opposite end of the rink, smiling at a woman who was outside of the rink, both leaning on the railing so that he could see their profiles. The woman was looking up at John through her eyelashes, with a flirtatious smirk, cleavage fully exposed by her leaning position and deep V-neck black sweater. She was tall and slim with a smart blonde bob. Sherlock could see her perfect teeth as she threw back her head to laugh at something John had said. John was staring at her breasts just then, tongue wetting his lower lip, but he quickly looked back into her eyes as she lowered her chin to continue their conversation, or flirtation rather, from Sherlock’s perspective.
“No, John. You’re just hyper-alert about my physical body right now and you are noticing what happens. Quite often, really.” Sherlock noticed that John frowned and his expression turned stormy again at this. Again, not reassuring. He quickly tried to steer their conversation in the right direction. “It’s only you. Please believe me.”
John picked up the pace of stroking his hand along the lengths of their cocks, then he abruptly removed his hand and put it right in front of Sherlock’s face. “Lick,” he commanded.
As John’s moaning waned, Sherlock gently sucked the head to clean the few drops that remained. John watched him and said, “Bloody hell, you knew what you wanted.” Sherlock grinned, keeping their eyes locked, as he sucked John’s cock back into his mouth, hard.
“I figured you would say that. But I shouldn’t even have you in the room with me, much less driving you down there.”
John arrived first, ordered a brewed coffee, and sat at a table in the back corner of the shop. Nervous, excited, slightly annoyed, he fiddled with the tiny sugar packets on the table. He saw Sherlock approaching the shop from down the street, cigarette in his hand as usual. He stared and held his breath, watching as Sherlock dropped his smoke. Before he even entered the shop, he had found John’s eyes through the window. John exhaled a huge breath in relief, or amusement, or both. There was something to this. It was real. They had a connection that John couldn’t deny, at all, any longer.
He hummed. He stood over him, blocking the sun on John’s face. His hair dripped onto the light hair of John’s shins. John picked up a small, smooth piece of bone, worn from its time spent in the sand. He rubbed his fingers across the small eye socket and down the bill’s point. Sherlock said, “Gull?”
The man himself was lying on the sofa with his hands steepled under his chin. It was a pose that John desperately missed when he’d been dead. Looking at him now, he smiled at how very Sherlock it was.
John looked back, surprised. He wasn’t going to tell Mycroft anything. It was up to Sherlock to disclose something or nothing about them. “We’re friends,” John echoed Greg’s descriptor.
“I know, sweetheart,” John reached up to cup his face in his hands, and very gently kissed him. “Now, tell me what happened to you out there on the ice.”
Sherlock looks intently into John’s eyes, gripping his hand a little tighter. Very seriously, he asks, “Will you take me home? Will you tell Angelo that we need to leave now? Will you walk with me, holding my hand all the way home, all the way up the stairs and into my bedroom? Will you kiss me, and touch me, and fuck me? Will you let me kiss and touch and fuck you? Will you sleep in my bed, all night, naked, and wake up in the morning and do it all again?”
John listened reluctantly and scoffed and complained in all of the right places. But he couldn’t help but agree with the beautiful genius. What he was saying made the most sense to get at the powers that be at Agra.
Sherlock looked down at the tape in John’s hand and immediately saw his mistake. Stupid! So stupid! Of course, something seemed way off about those numbers. The Daily Mail was seventeen inches long...John’s cock wasn’t that long. He smiled, a bit embarrassed. “My notes say that it’s twenty and a half inches around at the corona.”
“There! Yes. God. Oh god. There. You are so gorgeous. I love you so much. You feel so good. Fuck. So good,” John babbled between kisses. Sherlock adored when John told him when it was good. Sherlock concentrated on John and his pleasure. Steady thrusts in that hit his prostate on every push. Lubed hand stroking John’s cock. Kisses to his cheek, ear, lips, neck. Finally, he said right into John’s ear, in his lowest timbre, “I love you, come for me.”
Instead his face lost all color and he looked hurt. Devastated really, like John had betrayed him. John couldn’t imagine what he had done to hurt Sherlock.
The narrow space held a small cubby where I stored a thin wool blanket and a change of clothes. There were books, some old case notes, a “hipster student” disguise, and a bed that had no business being as comfortable as it was. In my prone position, warm and fairly comfortable, I allowed my mind to analyze Dr. John Watson. And more importantly my feelings and reactions to him. There was no denial, no rebuke of sentiment.
A few steps ahead of him, Sherlock dropped to the ground without warning. He laid there prone, face towards the sky.
Before I met Sherlock, I was not a man. I was a broken, distraught, exceedingly lonely ghost moving through life half-awake. He has shown me how to love and be loved.
They were both wearing...crowns...of a sort. Wreaths made of long strings of dead grass dotted with what looked to be dead flower blossoms. Each had the other by one wrist, each trying to wrestle another dead bloom into the other’s crown.
John turned and bent over the dining table that doubled as a desk. On the shelf behind the table, an almost empty tube of surgilube was sticking out of the playing card pencil jar. Sherlock grabbed it and returned to stand behind John. He laid his cock right in the cleft of John’s arse and admired how lovely it looked there. He thrusted long and slow watching it rub between John’s arse cheeks. He must have gotten lost in the vision and the feeling because John mumbled, “Tease.” He didn’t sound angry so Sherlock thrust a couple more times before dropping to his knees.
Sherlock had once told John that he had a terrible lisp as a child because his tongue was 'too big for my mouth'. John had choked on his tea, then just stood staring at Sherlock’s profile as he looked into his microscope. After several long minutes of wildly inappropriate fantasies about his flatmate’s mouth, John blinked and looked away, not noticing the tiny smirk lingering on Sherlock’s lips.
He thought back to the pub where he had kissed the green-eyed Jack. He thought about how beautiful and shy he was. He thought about the conversation they had, the kiss they had shared. He remembered that for one fleeting moment during his kiss with Jack, he worried about the smell of his breath. He’d smoked a few cigarettes that day, a passing almost-habit he acquired because of his job at the time. He didn’t want to put Jack off, but he figured the beer and time had erased his ashtray mouth. He’d worried, but Jack hadn’t seemed to notice.
John seemed friendly enough but there was something. He swayed slightly where he stood as he took in the room. When his eyes finally found mine once again, I could see the lids drooping. His dilated pupils were perfectly normal given the dim light of the room, however, the soft smile combined with my other observations could only mean one thing. John had spent the afternoon in a pub.
Sherlock simply sat on the sofa where he’d been directed to sit by his very agitated, very serious best friend.
Sherlock looked into the face of the man he loved so much. The face of the man he would die and kill for a thousand times over. What he saw in John’s eyes was happiness and relief.
“Yes,” Sherlock sighed, “I had asked him to help me find Victor. He said he was working on it, but he hadn’t made much progress.”
The model quietly observed him. His eyes jumped away from John to stare down at his own body. “How and where do you want me?” The model’s tone was almost innocent, but the words were laced with the double meaning of a young beautiful lad who had been manipulated in unsavory ways.
He doubled over in amusement, giggling the high-pitched laugh he’d allowed me to hear during our case together. Unfortunately, this movement, combined with John’s state of drink, caused him to wobble and tumble to the floor. He simply sprawled out and continued laughing. I stared at him on the rug, in the middle of our sitting room, on his back, belly jumping with mirth. Not an emotional drinker then. I couldn’t help but smile too, even though I was apparently wrong.
Sherlock was still holding his coat, so he hung it up in the small room after closing the door. He retrieved the little snuff bullet, turned the stopcock, and lifted it to his nose. He hesitated. Just for a second. Then he huffed out a breath, rolled his eyes, and inhaled the powder sharply.
Sherlock made a retching noise and said, “That’s not what I meant, Mycroft. I meant, does he need anything more from John and me or is our involvement with this case finished?”
Sherlock was disgusted with himself. He liked John. He wanted John. Their bodies fit together. Their kiss was delicious. Sherlock just knew that they would have incredible physical chemistry. Even now, watching John, Sherlock felt a tightness between his legs and a churning low in his belly. But he had fallen asleep, projecting an unintentional message of ‘I don’t want you” and yet John had still dressed for sleep and joined him in bed. Sherlock didn’t deserve someone like John. Sherlock masticated, sampled, tasted, and spat out lovers because he was just not interested. But John? John was unmatched, unparalleled, unrivaled. He had feelings for John that were unexplained. He knew he needed to leave the unsuspecting photographer alone. Sherlock knew his involvement in his life would only bring distress and regret to John.
Sherlock trailed the tiny kisses up his neck to nuzzle in John’s ear. All soft breath and nudges with his nose. Sherlock’s voice was low and quiet when he said, “I can’t figure it out.”
Sherlock kept a closer eye than usual on John over the next few days. Something about that night in the foyer made John grow distant. He spent more time on his computer and less time hassling Sherlock about eating or the mess in the kitchen.
“John,” he said, voice rumbling deeply. John was unsurprised to hear a British accent. Models came from all over the world to work in New York.
John’s lips quirked down and he opened his eyes wider. He had thought Sherlock wanted to rest, not talk about serious topics. “Now?” he asked carefully.
He hadn’t meant to fall asleep. He hoped that Sherlock would wake up when he joined him but the boy was dead to the world. Their shoot and dinner with John was probably at the end of a multi-day bender.
“What? No. I meant you should try to get information about her from....friends, colleagues. Not put yourself in a position to be...taken, ” he said, grimacing.
The hair and make-up artists, Billy, and John met at the location. Although it was already 5 o’clock it was freezing outside.
John smiled at him. He was happy to have Sherlock near him and safe. They sipped in silence for a long time. Sherlock placed his empty cup on the table beside him and tucked down onto his side, facing John. John looked down at him and brushed his curls back from his face, tucking one behind his ear. He let his finger trail down his neck then went back to sipping the last of his tea.
For some reason Sherlock thought John’s insult was hilarious, and replied giggling, “We’re walking.”
Sherlock smiled and kissed the tip of John’s erection. John gasped and grabbed Sherlock’s head and pulled him toward his groin. A gesture not unwelcome in its boldness, but Sherlock had other ideas.
Tears ran down his face. They had failed. Good men had died. James lost his career. He could only imagine how devastated James must be. He tried writing back but his short reply predictably bounced back immediately.
I hit send without a second thought, then sighed when I realized I was unhelpfully reminding my new infatuation of my former, not-at-all-a-problem, habits.
) for the room arrangements, happy to be with Noah, hoping Sherlock was well - he replied with a ‘thumbs up’ emoji, and threw his phone down on the sofa.
Sherlock splashed about in the warm water, looking back at the beach every few moments to look at John. He was too far away to have a conversation, but close enough that Sherlock could see the details of his face and body. The water and air were almost the same temperature. The sunlight warmed his skin. It was erotic. The way the sea and sun licked at his erection. Warm, wet, and his cock thickened further. He giggled, he could still feel champagne bubbles on his tongue. It was absurd. He was standing in the ocean, on a public beach, in America, with a hard on.
He groaned and pushed his head up so that he could lick John’s palm and fingers. His eyes never left John’s. John’s cock jumped against his own.
John lowered the camera from his eye and looked down. He was right. The fabric of his very small swim shorts did not do anything to hide his attraction and interest. He looked back at Sherlock’s face and mumbled, “Sorry.”
Sherlock nodded sluggishly, as if in a dream, and slowly opened his eyes. He smiled down at John and seemed to understand. There was always another model or photographer waiting to steal your next job. One had to answer texts and calls immediately or else you’d miss out. “I’ll wait for you in there, shall I?” Sherlock nodded his head in the direction of the bedroom.
They finished their drinks, completely ignoring everyone else in the bar. Except the handsome bartender. He received a few smiles from both, and even a wink from John.
Sherlock looks out the window, looking exactly the way he had when they were waiting for Jeff Hope. John stares at the side of Sherlock’s face, remembering. He chuckles a bit, thinking back to that night and his awkward attempt to get to know this strange man, who he now calls a friend. Sherlock has completely turned his life upside down in only a few short weeks. John can’t imagine his life without Sherlock now. John wonders if Sherlock feels something similar.
“Nice to meet you, John.” She turned to Sherlock and said, “Now go on up. Everything’s ready for you.”
Sherlock dressed in fitted black jeans, a loose black jumper that draped off of his broad shoulders comfortably, and Chuck Taylors. A very New York look. When he walked out of his room, John looked at him and said, “Jesus.”
Jack smiled back holding John’s gaze. John said, “Have you got anyone here in London? Family, girlfriend?” He licked his lips, “Boyfriend?”
This boy was beautiful and John knew he was going to be stunning in the photographs, but he’d had just about enough of the strung out hyperactive child stood before him.
“Oi,” John grunted, but there was absolutely no heat in the statement, “It’s not ‘cute’. It’s your freakishly large hands. They make everything look smaller.”
What John did was enter the bedroom quietly, with two mugs in one hand, and two ibuprofen in the other.
He blinked and looked down at himself. His jumper had rucked up, revealing a sliver of stomach. He saw the length of his erection laying stiffly along his left hip. He looked up at John and noticed he was in a similar state. Sherlock scrambled to his knees, while whirling his jumper off above his head. He grabbed the hem of John’s jumper and removed it similarly, quickly moving his hands to John’s jeans. He ripped the button open and unzipped the fly before he was roughly shoved back by strong hands pressing to his shoulders.
To explore that thought, or to think about being honest with himself about his feelings, was agonizing. It physically hurt him to think about what he had lost, and to think about what they might have had. It was an ache, radiating from between his shoulder blades outward, it made him hunch over against it. It made him nauseous.
“Good, that’s good,” Sherlock said, and added thoughtfully, “When we go out we’ll have to account for the time we will need to fend off amorous admirers -”
I nodded to the plates. “I see my timing is excellent this morning. Not always the case, I’m afraid.” I thought of being at home last night when John returned with his date. If I had known, I’d have left much sooner. I looked at him and scanned the rooms but couldn’t see anything that would tell me what time John’s date had left. He seemed in good spirits. I assumed he’d gotten a leg over.
He gathered his coat and shoes, looking back at John once more. He walked out into the kitchen where there was an ancient chalkboard that hadn’t been used by John or any of the recent tenants. Yet there it was with a small sliver of chalk waiting for Sherlock’s lament.
“James Wilder,” Greg said. “Born in Sunderland, got a degree in Computer Science at Newcastle University, entered the job force in 2001 at Mi5.” Greg’s eyebrows furrowed, “Says here he died in a car accident ten years ago.”
“Hello, I’m John Watson, the photographer. That’s Billy.” He stuck out his hand to shake the model’s hand.
John sat up and lifted off his t-shirt, lifted his hips and wiggled out of his pajamas, leaving him naked, on top, just where Sherlock wanted him.
John gripped Sherlock to him as he rode out his orgasm and said, “That’s it, love. Beautiful. I love you.”
Sherlock turned and walked towards him, light behind him, erection bobbing in front of him. He stopped when the tip of his cock hit John’s hip, leaned around him, and kissed from his earlobe down his neck. John’s hands, clutching his camera, were trapped between them. Sherlock wrapped his arms around John and nuzzled his neck, stopping to bite and suck little marks into his tanned skin. John moaned, “Yes.”
“You’re teasing me somehow,” Sherlock says, voice deeper now. A slight blush has crept up his neck and onto his incredibly sharp cheekbones. John doesn’t know if it’s because John’s lame attempt at a joke flew over his head, or if it’s the wine. Or maybe it’s something else?
They had decided after the first day not to be exclusive. The reality was that as much as Sherlock loved Victor he would never be able to commit, probably to anyone, ever. He couldn’t imagine dinners and dates and sharing an apartment. He was too self-involved, too focused on his work, too possessive of his personal space and time. Victor understood this about Sherlock and still loved him. He was more than happy to fuck Sherlock and whoever else came along that caught his eye.
Sherlock woke sometime before dawn judging by the soft grey light filtering in through the windows. The first thing he realized was that he was still wearing his jeans and t-shirt. He remembered everything. The kiss, John’s phone call, falling asleep simply because he was comfortable, full, and slightly drunk. He had wanted to kiss John again but the pull of sleep was too much. He hadn’t slept in sixty-seven hours.
Sherlock’s lips curled into a smile. He took a few steps towards the road, trying to tug John along. John stood still for a moment. Sherlock looked back at him questioningly.
John was looking up and down his body, his gaze coming to rest on his trousers and the impressive bulge they didn’t do much to hide.
Never looking away from John’s beautiful dark blue eyes, Sherlock licked his upper lip then raised the straw to his tongue. He rested the tip of his tongue at the tip of the straw for one, two, three seconds. Just rested it there, looking at John with a small, knowing smile.
John knew a lot of people in the business but he certainly wasn’t the most connected. Surely Sherlock had worked with other photographers who had been around for a lot longer. Also, how would Sherlock know who he knew?
John pulled away slightly so that he could swirl his tongue around, and up and down, every centimeter of his cock. He finally lowered his eyes to Sherlock’s cock to lick and kiss and worship it until it softened, and Sherlock’s hands gently pushed through his hair.
Graham entered the small room. “Sherlock! Hello,” he enthused. Before Sherlock could protest, Graham had embraced him and placed air kisses on each cheek. It took all of his usually inconsiderable self-control to not roll his eyes.
Sherlock stood in front of the window facing the sea. His white cotton shirt fluttered loosely around his middle. The breeze tossed his curls slowly and John’s breath caught. Sometimes he was shocked at Sherlock’s stunning looks. He walked up behind him, circled his arms around his waist, and rested his head on one shoulder blade. Sherlock’s hands came up and grasped John by his forearms.
John could not hide his surprise, nor could he ignore the gorgeous powerful man in front of him, holding out his hand in invitation. He nodded and shook the man’s hand.
John brushed the curls from Sherlock’s forehead gently. The only sign he was still alive was some rapid blinking that had started with John’s touch.
In a flurry of activity, everyone went to work to wrap up and clean up their area. Claire cleaned the makeup off of Sherlock’s face with some moist cloths that got most everything. A bit of dark liner remained around his alien eyes. Sherlock changed into his own clothes. Well, his own trousers and coat - he put John’s t-shirt back on. John let it go without comment and merely smiled to himself.
He felt like teasing him a bit. Drag out the delicious tension. He pulled back, raised his hands to the sides of John’s face and looked into his eyes. He loved John’s eyes. Large, deep blue, huge pupils at the moment, and long light eyelashes that shined in the afternoon sunlight. They kissed slowly, sliding lips and tongues against each other. Sherlock sucked at John’s lips before he pulled back and opened his eyes. “You go. I want to splash around a bit more.”
He pushed himself up onto his elbows and opened his legs just a bit. That seemed to jolt John into action. He kicked off his shoes and shoved his jeans and briefs down and off in record time. Before he could predict what was next - his deductive mind was barely functional - John knelt between his legs and had his cock between his lips. John groaned and kept his eyes closed, a look of pure bliss on his face. He sucked and licked at the head tenderly, slowly, as if savoring a coveted prize. Sherlock blew out a sharp breath and dropped his shoulders back to the mattress.
Of course I felt his eyes on me. I heard the soft clack of a ceramic mug being set on the table next to my chair. The soft grunt of my friend as he settled himself into his own. How long should I keep playing in order to avoid my chair? A mere five minutes later, I put the violin away and sat in my chair.
Sherlock unwound the story of Victor’s secret model boyfriend who had disappeared first. No one knew they were together but it was good and intense and they were about to make it official, go public, tell their friends, and the industry. But before they could, Noah disappeared. Victor was frantic. He desperately plead for Sherlock’s help. They had a lead in Milan that turned out to ultimately be a good one, but they’d been too late. Noah was gone. His agent gave Victor a note written by Noah. It said he loved him but he had to leave for family reasons. He said he’d gone home to Australia, that he’d always love him, but he wanted to make it a clean break.
He cradled his large hands around John’s precious skull, feeling his soft grey blond strands slip underneath his sensitive fingers. He really was gorgeous, from his deep blue eyes to his strong square jaw. With the same fond expression, he said “I was also going to ask you when you think you’d be able to go again.”
Victor’s eyes were wild and he scoffed, “Fuck!” He began pacing and muttering beneath his breath. Sherlock took the time to observe his condition. He’d been missing for almost two weeks. His hair was greasy, his clothes torn and bloody. So heart-breakingly thin.
Sherlock had seen Victor naked hundreds of times over their long friendship but on that warm afternoon when Victor stretched out on his back, arm slung over his head revealing dark patches of hair under his arms, along his pectoral muscles, a trail from his stomach down into his shorts, Sherlock felt an overwhelming need to touch. And taste.
When he walked into the kitchen, he saw the note scrawled on the abandoned chalkboard. It was a simple “I’m sorry - SH”.
McGregor, as the firearms officer, unholstered his Glock and held it in front of him. “Sir, I suggest we go in.”
He watched her back as they led her out of the building. He un-crossed his arms and made his hands into tight fists. He caught Greg’s eye.
I imagined I’d heard giggling and a deep groan from John. I immediately deleted it. Back to Westminster to my favorite clock. I needed to be away from Baker Street.
Sherlock bent down and kissed John lightly on the forehead, pulled away and looked at him. He bent down again and placed light kisses all over John’s face, his eyelids, cheekbones, the crinkles at the corner of his eyes, the swelling under his eyes, the side of his lips which quirked up. Sherlock stopped, pulled slightly back, and John opened his eyes.
John shivered. He reached for Sherlock to pull him back down on his lap. Sherlock sat on John's thighs and stared at John's erection. He'd never get tired of that, it was simply the most arousing sight he could think of.
Sherlock wrapped himself completely around John, arms crossing his torso and coming to rest on his ribcage. He pressed himself against John’s back and kissed his neck with soft little dry pecks.
“Hello sweetheart,” he said, somewhat muffled since his head and shoulders were currently crammed underneath his bed. Sherlock wouldn’t be able to see him from the doorway at all.
John lunged at him, batting his hand away. He grabbed under both of Sherlock’s knees and tugged hard. Sherlock splayed out on his back with a groan.
God, he knew he’d said too much. It was too fast. Why did he always do this? How did he always fall so hard, so fast? He scrambled to sit up and face him, pushing Sherlock onto his back next to him. He looked down into Sherlock’s wide, beautiful eyes. Sherlock didn’t blink or move his mouth from the strange o-shaped position his lips were frozen in.
doing?” Sherlock accused. He pressed hard against John’s back, causing his torso to bend over the counter. John pushed back, trying to stand up straight again.
After a few minutes, he felt more steady and was ready to re-enter the room and wait for his brother to wake. It turned out that he didn’t need to wait at all, because Mycroft had woken. He and Lestrade were looking at each other with small smiles. Lestrade rubbed his hand and was whispering something. Mycroft closed his eyes and exhaled slowly. Sherlock found that he felt nothing but affection and admiration for the clear love the two men shared.
. And he did. The photo was indescribably intimate and captured Sherlock looking...happy. He smiled at the memory.
Sherlock had no trouble getting an appointment with Mary. He was sure Mary thought she could scoop him up and that he’d leave his current agency in the dust. Shad Sanderson was tiny but Sebastian Wilkes was a good agent. There was simply no way Sherlock would leave Seb even if he was a slimy prat. He’d been there since the beginning and he let Sherlock do whatever he wanted.
Sherlock looked down and was surprised to see a bulge in Victor’s jogging bottoms. Sherlock blushed and looked away, shaking his head slightly. Victor adjusted his position to sit on one hip, effectively hiding his erection.
His focus was centered on Sherlock’s finger and tongue around and in his arse and nothing else. It was like he didn’t have a body, his entire being existing for what Sherlock was giving to him. And that was before Sherlock had even touched his prostate…
Sherlock had been waiting years to hear those words. He had given up hope, simply contented to have John back in his life after two long and lonely years without him. But this was finally happening, and Sherlock needed to make sure John knew it was welcome and wanted.
Sherlock looked at John, who had heard the intended insult. John’s smile was tight in that dangerous way of his, but he remained calm. Sherlock said, “Tough guy,” and John nodded.
John raised one hand to sweep over Sherlock’s chest then down to the button of his jeans. He tugged the extremely tight fabric, brushing warm knuckles against the trail of short, dark hair on Sherlock’s flat stomach. John’s thumb flicked the button free, watching Sherlock’s face all the while.
Because the flat was always cold, John’s skin began to pebble. Sherlock wanted to tuck him into the sheets and monitor his vital signs for the rest of the day. He expected that John should be out for hours but the data projection wasn’t one hundred percent accurate.
A small sob escaped his lips despite his best efforts to keep all of his emotions bottled up. “Sherlock…”
Sherlock did not know that but liked to hear it anyway. He bent forward to place a small, soft kiss on Victor’s lips. “No, you are.”
In fact, they found out that Sherlock actually liked that Victor fucked other people. And he liked hearing about it. Since this information surfaced, Victor loved to turn Sherlock on by describing recent encounters in great, filthy detail.
This man was beautiful and John knew he was going to be stunning in the photographs, but he’d had just about enough of the strung-out hyperactive child that stood before him.
“Hmm,” hummed John. Sherlock knew that hum. It meant that John thought what Sherlock had said was extremely interesting but he was trying act like it wasn't. Sherlock knew they would be revisiting this topic again.
Oh...John worried about how he could afford the place. Probably he imagined all sorts of nefarious things Sherlock could be getting up to in order to live in a large flat in Marylebone. Off on the wrong foot, again, he thought. He raised his chin and said, “Mrs. Hudson gives me a deal. She’s an old family friend.”
John chuckled. “I don’t know how I missed all of that. You’re right. None of that seems particularly comfortable,” he said, “Although the kitchen table…” He looked away wistfully and smirked.
“You. Well, your cock,” John didn’t look at Sherlock’s eyes during his admission. “I don’t know. I wondered about you. Would you be big? Circumcised?” He huffed a small laugh, “Did you ever use the thing?”
The figure immediately threw off the blanket and cowered away from him, scooting several feet back until he sat in the corner with his knees tucked up towards his chin. The man looked at him, unblinking and terrified. Sherlock knew those eyes as well as he knew his own. Relief and sheer terror washed over him simultaneously.
Sherlock moved over to nuzzle at John's ear. He slowly, sloppily licked at his earlobe, making John squirm in his seat. Sherlock took his time and alternated gentle bites with slow licking and tender kisses. He loved to lavish attention on one area of John's body, so the ear worship continued for long moments. John continued to moan and hum.
John scoffed but smiled as he said, “Sod off. Now you have me lying on my back, what did you think? It’s all worn out now.”
Let’s start over here. He pointed towards a curb and a low concrete barrier. John liked the way the street lamps enhanced the shine of Sherlock's irises.
Sherlock smirked as he pulled out a cigarette. He looked tired. He should probably go get some sleep, but there was no way John was going to suggest that.
John could see that this was true by the obviously growing bulge in his pajamas. John’s urge to have Sherlock in his mouth was sudden and strong enough to propel him to his feet and over to Sherlock. He leaned against Sherlock’s folded arms and placed a few short kisses on his beloved plump lips. He went down to his knees and pulled Sherlock’s pajamas down with him.
John grabbed Sherlock’s wrists and buried his face in his neck. “You’re such a poncy git,” he breathed, then added,”I can always just stay up here.”
“Well, thank you. Yes, I think I could help you do that,” she said as she sat back. “Tell me about yourself.”
Sherlock felt his cock stiffen, his skin growing impossibly tighter, as his orgasm ripped through him. It started at the base of his spine and lit up his prostate and cock. It radiated up to tense his abdominal muscles in violent spasms. He shot all over John's chest and up under his chin.
“I’d rather see you, but I think I can deduce why you are locked away in there from what happened earlier.” John was hoping for some response, but when he got none he continued, "I’m sorry I never told you I was bisexual. I really didn’t think it would matter to you. But I realize now that it does. But what...what I’m going to ask...what is so fucking scary...because you are the most important person in my life. The most important, Sherlock.” He paused, hearing a bit of movement. “So I want to ask how you feel about me. Because I’m open to things, lots of things. I’m open to never talking about this again, although I would not prefer that, but I would do it for you. I’m open to exploring more than friendship if that was something…” He trailed off and stopped his awkward rambling.
One of the other models, James, sat on the other side of Jack and was flirting openly with him. In his harsh Northern accent, every sentence sounded twice as filthy, dripping with innuendo and suggestion. Poor Jack looked like a rabbit frozen under the gaze of a wild cat every time James guffawed and squeezed his neck. James was either oblivious to Jack’s mortification, or was sadistically enjoying the quiet, young beauty’s discomfort. Either way, John didn’t like it. At all.
John was taken aback at his incredulous hostility and became defensive. “Maybe I don’t. You look like you hate me right about now.”
Victor and Sherlock could hear shouting and Mary screaming. It stopped and they couldn’t hear anything more. They crept towards the door, trying to hear anything above the sounds of their panting breaths. Still high, Sherlock tried keep it together enough to anticipate what would happen next. They both jumped, startled, when the door to their small room burst open and two women dressed in black tactical vests and helmets trained their weapons on them.
He wasn’t used to thinking about anyone else, but with John it was easy. John consumed most of his waking thoughts. Another week went by of lazy mornings, coffee at Speedy’s and trips to the Tate Modern and Design Museum. Sherlock could tell John was getting restless, wanted to go back to work, as much as he was enjoying their time together.
John’s shoulder was on fire and his arm hung limply at his side. He could see that James was shouting but he couldn’t hear it. His camera was so heavy. He opened his hand and it dropped away. A vague feeling of loss and unease was alleviated when he looked at James. He was holding John’s face in his massive hands, blue eyes crinkling with a forced smile. John smiled back and whispered his name.
Sherlock walked over to him and John stood up and held out his right hand. Instead of taking John’s hand, Sherlock put his hands on John’s shoulders, leaned in, and kissed both of his cheeks. “Hello, John.”
He must have dozed a bit. He awoke with his face smashed up next to the back of the couch with a blanket over him.
Sherlock took Victor’s hand with his free one and said, “They will Trev. They found us.” Sherlock leaned in and kissed Victor’s cheek. Victor looked at him and nodded. John felt slightly awkward witnessing the intimate moments between them. But it was clear that Sherlock wanted him there, the grip on his hand never loosened. Sherlock nodded at Victor and he dropped his hand. He turned back to John and said, “You have questions.”
John giggles, and can’t stop. Sherlock joins in and they enjoy companionable chuckles and some good-natured head-shaking for a few moments. John looks into Sherlock’s eyes and says, “Sherlock.”
Sherlock was still struck dumb at moments like these. John’s nose and ear tips were red, breath coming out in a fog, and smiling up at Sherlock with crinkling around his eyes.
John pulled his lips away but continued to swirl his tongue around the head, concentrating small sips and licks to his frenulum. He pulled back and said, “I’ve wanted you for so long.”
He lifted the linens and peered down at Sherlock’s upturned face, blinking. “What’re you doing down there?”
“Shut the fuck up,” the man roared. Sherlock rolled over. The man sat on his bum and swiped his arm with an alcohol wipe.
They stood next to John’s bed, kissing in a tight embrace, in only their t-shirts and socks. Sherlock bent his knees slightly and their erections brushed wetly together. There was no friction, just gentle thrusting and graceless bumping.
He would look up and tell Sherlock he was happy he was safe. That he was happy Victor was safe. He’d tell him to call him later if he felt like talking. He’d turn around and walk back to the chaos of the cars and lights and ask Greg for a ride to the nearest hotel. He’d book a flight to New York City and go to the place he called home and try to move forward with his career and life.
Greg hesitated for a long moment, clearly wanting John to act like a civilian again. John could see the moment he relented. Resigned, he said, “All right, you’re like chewing gum on the bottom of my shoe, Watson, I swear.” Greg turned to the officer and said, “McGregor, we’ll all go. Come on!”
John stood there, mind sluggish with powerlessness. Greg approached him again. “They’ve got all they need. The building is clear, they’re not here. No one knows anything. Let’s go back to the Yard.”
Heart sinking, John stood frozen. It made sense, they’d been through a frightening experience together. Their old and deep connection probably could not be denied, even if Sherlock did have feelings for John. If their bond had kept them alive and unhurt, then John was grateful for it. He thought of James and their short-lived affair, intense from the beginning and feeling very real even all of these years later.
John would never, ever get over what Sherlock knew and didn’t know. He said, sarcastically, “Really?”
John realized that their mouths were plastered together in a sloppy kiss and he hadn’t opened his eyes in many minutes. Even as the aftershocks of a truly intense orgasm were waning, he promised himself to watch next time as Sherlock, his love, came under his hands, or mouth, or...?
. Them, arguing over something reckless Sherlock had done. Them, having spectacular make-up sex afterwards. Them, attending glitzy galas where John couldn’t keep his hands from Sherlock’s designer-suit clad body. Them, placing newly framed photos on the mantle beside the skull. Them, holding hands in the park. Them, raising bees in the country. Them, walking their dog as old men. Them. Them. Them.
Sherlock stared at him. John took a photo so that maybe he could figure out what that expression meant later. He couldn’t believe he’d just said that and changed the subject. “All right, the big coat and then we’re done.”
They left the roof together quietly and walked to a nearby cafe for small glasses of sweet, hot tea. James asked John to work with him and his men to apprehend the two men John had photographed, and turn them over to the Afghan army for prosecution. It was a long-shot that the Afghans would jail or execute one of their own, but the Major had orders to fulfill and a moral duty to banish corruption.
They sipped their drinks, ordered a kabob and chimichurri fries to share. They were relaxed and a bit giddy from having just solved the case, a bit of jet-lag, and the outstanding shag they’d had in the back room of a famous Beverly Hills shirtmaker. They talked about lots of little things. They talked about the case a bit and their new nickname. They discussed the tacky, yet somehow sexy, decor of the restaurant. They were in no hurry and just wanted to enjoy each other’s company on their last evening in California.
John didn’t say anything for a long time. He let his eyes roam over Sherlock’s upturned face. He reached out his hand and stroked his index and middle fingers along Sherlock’s upper lip. Next his lower lip. Finally, his cheekbones and down the length of his nose. He let his hand drop to his other hip.
He looked up to find Sherlock still looking at him with the same detachment. Resigned, he opened his mouth and said, “Sherlock.” He hated the way his voice cracked on the second syllable.
I decided not to worry and retired to the sofa to read the papers. A brief article about a woman found stabbed to death in her hedges at an affluent Cotswolds estate caught my attention. Would Moriarty be involved in something like that? Who was Moriarty? Upon further reading, no, the husband has been detained. A love relationship gone bad. Don’t they all? Dull. The irony of my own new feelings for John and my previously held beliefs on romance was not lost on me. I grunted dissatisfaction to no one in particular.
Now it was Sherlock’s turn to blush. His eyes huge as he listened to John say the sweetest, most amazing, and he thought mostly undeserved things about him.
John sniffed. A sharp inhale from one side of his nose, and half of his mouth followed his nostrils movement. Like a bull after hearing ‘Olé’.
John followed after Sherlock but was having a hell of a time keeping up with the long-legged prat. Usually he didn’t have this much trouble, but after a bottle and a half of cabernet his legs were not cooperating.
There was a corpse found in France, and through cooperative work between Scotland Yard and the Police Nationale, the body was identified as a sous chef who worked in Soho. Sherlock and John were called in when a second corpse was found with his flayed open stomach displayed in a large jar on the restaurant’s kitchen shelves.
Traffic was a nightmare. He was eight minutes late. When he arrived, he walked through the discreet barely-marked doorway to speak to the woman behind the desk. She could have been a model herself with wavy brown hair, large black eyes emphasized by thick but groomed eyebrows, and skin almost as pale as his own. She looked at him with a pleasant smile and waited for him to speak.
John smiled back. He was adorable. It suddenly hit John how young Sherlock really was. His attitude and intellect often hid his true age and John realized he was agreeing to send this beautiful young man into a potentially deadly situation with his psychopathic ex-wife. Instead of panicking, he focussed on coming up with the best plan possible.
“I trust you. It’s not your fault, love,” John said and smiled at Sherlock. He pulled their faces close, his face much softer now. “I trust you.”
My gaze settled past him to the woman currently plastered to his side, gazing at his face adoringly, still holding his hand. Short, dark-skin, curly hair, beautiful if you were into that sort of thing. They were going to go upstairs to his room and I was going to perish right there on the spot.
Mrs. Hudson’s look was soft and she reached across the space between us to hold my hand. That felt nice.
He watched John as he lifted the hem of his dark red terry sweatshirt. John’s eyes immediately latched onto the skin revealed and they lingered there. Sherlock put on the horrid black belt with silver buckle. He wondered if it was even real leather.
There was no way for him to know how long his body and mind hovered in that state, but he was aware when the high began to even out. He became aware of when he was able to hear. Finally, when his eyes were open, he could actually see. He saw Victor, also on the floor, still and breathing shallowly, almost as if in sleep.
“Last time we were here, we had just met. You told me you considered yourself married to your work.”
“Fuck yes. Fuck.” John placed his hand under Sherlock’s jaw and felt his cock moving in his throat with the tip of his fingers. Sherlock hummed around him and generally seemed to be enjoying himself immensely. “Gorgeous, you’re so gorgeous.” If John could think straight, he would be thinking that Sherlock probably wouldn’t mind him repeating himself.
Before I met John, I didn't sleep. I merely passed out after days of restlessness. He helps me to relax, and eventually sleep, in many varied and increasingly creative ways.
Sherlock stood frozen again, staring at John’s hair. “We’ll just have to deal with it. You love me right?”
He pulled off and looked into John’s eyes. In his deepest register, he said, “I want you to fuck me, John.”
It seemed like there was more to say, but Sherlock looked away and closed his eyes. John got up to make tea, planning to head up to his room to pack some things afterwards.
John must have detected the shift in him. He pressed into Sherlock even harder, grinding his crotch against him. He used one hand to pull Sherlock’s head over to the side, exposing his neck.
“See, I can’t know everything John. So where did you go to have lunch, and from the looks of it, many pints?”
John stared at him but seemed to be fuming at the revelation that Sherlock had noticed his interest on that first night.
They grinned at each other until the smiles turned into soft laughter. Sherlock adored the creases around John’s eyes and the way his lovely lips opened to reveal perfect teeth.
John reached up, put his hand on the back of his neck, and pulled him forward. “I want...to be clear, do you want me to move in here with you?”
John nodded. They sat down and talked about every detail, planned for every outcome. They were ready for her.
“I didn’t start to worry until a couple of days later. I hadn’t heard from him. I started asking around and no one had seen him. I talked with his agent. My research revealed that one other model from the same agency had disappeared over the last ten years. It’s only one...but maybe there were others but they were orphans like Noah?” He blew out a breath and lowered his face into his hands.
“He’s not got a tracker or wire anymore, but we have the building surrounded. They’ll never get him out without us knowing.”
He wondered why John insisted on using such embarrassing pet names for him. He loved it, but would never, to anyone, ever admit that. In fact, he usually rolled his eyes. John probably should have been put off by now.
“Please, sit,” Mary said, gesturing to a chair in front of her desk. “It’ll give me a chance to watch you walk.”
He stared at it for a long moment before deciding that it was not too harsh. Hell, it probably wasn’t harsh enough. Sherlock had snuck out in the middle of the night!
He tamped down his nerves, wiping his palms discreetly against the back pockets of his jeans. He schooled his face into his most placid expression, posing as the vacant model for this woman. “I’m here for an appointment with Agra.”
“Wait here.” Sherlock took off around the corner. John scrolled on his phone until Sherlock returned 10 minutes later with a posh-looking bag from a small grocer nearby. “Come on.”
“War photographer, hurt badly in a friendly fire incident right after the Reuter’s journalists. You were shot in the…right?...I’m not sure...shoulder. You weren’t supposed to be where you were and you were going to get someone important to you in trouble. Getting shot was inconvenient like that. You were snuck out of the war zone. You left the country, rehabbed in London or the States, and reinvented yourself as an edgy fashion photographer.”
Sherlock hummed. He had heard the phone but was too engrossed in his violin to care at the moment. He was composing a song for John, though the man himself was oblivious. He kept saying, “That’s lovely,” and “Beautiful, Sherlock. Really beautiful.” Sherlock was pleased that he liked it and couldn’t wait to reveal that it was actually a gift.
Sherlock’s head snapped up and watched Mary Morstan deliver this line without looking at him. She sat down at her desk, and looked across the large office to where Sherlock sat. He awkwardly uncrossed his legs and wiped his hands on his knees.
“We have our best in-house person on it. She’ll find a match, if there is one, in a couple of hours.”
“We’ve got two,” one of them said into the radio on her shoulder. She lowered her weapon. The other one did not, Sherlock noted with dismay. “Names?” They told her at the same time, each with their hands up. Each officer holstered their weapons, raised their hands placatingly in front of them, and moved further into the room.
“Hey! It’s been a while!” the man shouted towards the bartender making their drinks. The barman just nodded. The woman with Fish-Shirt hadn’t looked up from her phone the whole time but was drunkenly swaying already. Apparently, this was the couple’s second or maybe even third ‘happy hour’.
He flinched away angrily before John could touch him. He had to get away. He had to be alone to process this new information. He ran to his room and slammed the door. He slid down the back of the door and sat on the floor, head in hands, confused and distraught.
They laid together under the sheets, sweat cooling, come leaking out of each other. Switching was something that they only did when they had time. John took forever to come when being penetrated. Not because he didn’t enjoy it. But because he enjoyed it too much. He demanded he go slow, savoring every drag of Sherlock’s cock against his prostate.
“All right. Can I get you some water?” John indicated a small bag in the corner where he’d stashed a few bottles.
Sherlock’s answering laugh and huge, radiant smile were all the invitation John needed to swoop down and kiss him.
“I can’t tell you how fucking sexy it is that you don’t wear pants,” John murmured, while Sherlock lifted his hips, allowing John to pull off his trousers with one fluid motion.
“They have been questioned. It appears this has been going on for many years. Between five and ten young male models were
So as to not stare at her, he looked around the café. A man caught his eye. He reminded him of John and his stomach did a little flip. It couldn’t be. He just looked a bit like John. His hair was too dark. But his body was compact and strong like John’s. The man’s stance was familiar, achingly so. Standing sturdy on both feet with arms straight down by his sides, fists clenching on and off. He was waiting for someone. Sherlock looked back at the woman who was still alone and casually smoking a cigarette, the soft glow of her phone lighting up her face. Then he looked back at Not-John, who was now clearly trying to suppress a goofy grin as he looked down the street towards someone walking towards him. A man, taller than Not-John and with floppy blonde hair wearing a long black cotton twill coat, was striding on long legs up the street with purpose. The blonde man was grinning widely and when Sherlock looked back, Not-John’s face had given up its futile fight and was grinning widely back. They practically collided and embraced tightly. They held each other very, very briefly as they pulled back and looked into each others eyes with happy dopey smiles on their faces. Sherlock could see the blonde man say “All right?” and Not-John replied “Yeah, all right.” They then separated and maintained a distance between them that was acceptable for two men in this particular part of the world.
Sherlock let his head roll back as he took his pleasure. As the spasms waned, his body relaxed and he stilled on John’s cock., still leaning back on John’s thighs and breathing heavily through his mouth.
John smiled at him from the red brocade chair. Sherlock walked over and sat on the arm of it. John’s arm came up to encircle his waist.
When Sherlock was done with the tea, John took the mug from him. He walked out the door towards the kitchen. Sherlock heard him depositing the mugs in the sink and stepping back towards the bedroom. John stood in the doorway with fists clenched by his sides.
Sherlock crawled up to sit on his lap, curling up in his arms, head resting on the back of John’s chair. They stayed like that for many minutes, John smoothing his hand up and down Sherlock’s back.
“She talked to someone, on the phone I think, about setting up an appointment for me. I believe that if I go to that appointment, I’ll be the next victim. Of course, with you on the case with me, that won’t really happen.”
John laughed a sound more like a few huffs of air. He reached up to place his hands on Sherlock’s face again, this time bending his fingers slightly so he could feel a few dark curls between his fingers. He looked up into the stunning blue green eyes of the man he loved so much and said, “All right. You asked for it.”
Duncan smiled and they shared a couple of air kisses. He turned to the other men, and said, “You remember Orkun, and this is Seb.”
“Yes we had to carefully subdue Ms. Morstan, as she was armed. She was uncooperative and quite vocal. She and Mr. Wilder are unharmed. As are our officers and agents.”
He felt John’s fingers press in further. John probed in and out two or three times. At the same moment his fingers went deep enough to graze Sherlock’s prostate, he reached up and sucked Sherlock’s cock deep into his mouth.
“The non-biological part of taste is subjective, rooted in childhood experiences and is often visual in nature.”
for posting this challenge for September. Thanks everyone for your kudos and comments, I hoard every one.
,” John spat the last word venomously, “I thought, I felt...I thought that you were dead again and I hadn’t told you that I love you.” John stopped pacing and stared at Sherlock. His face was open and calm, almost defiant.
“Practical. Important. Inevitable. Sentimental. Yes, all of those things. I need you, John. I want you forever.”
He nodded and added quickly, “She said I talked too much about you, the flat, the case we worked on the other night.”
Sherlock didn’t answer. He couldn’t get Victor’s hopes up, but he quietly hoped it was a rescue. Lestrade and John would have been working on it. Somehow they might have found a connection between this place and Mary or Graham. He squeezed Victor’s hand tighter, raised them to his lips, and placed a short kiss on his knuckles. Never taking his eyes away from the door, he said, “Steady on.”
He had slept. It had been a long time since he woke with his eyes stuck together and his throat dry. Had he been snoring? He had the vague recollection of his own snorts waking him.
John knew that meant that he was a bit hungry. He released him and walked to the refrigerator. Delighted to find it stocked with fresh produce, a variety of meats and cheeses, plus more champagne, he reached in to pull out some berries and brie.
John exhaled forcefully through his nose. “She’ll say he was sick. That he fainted. That she helped him leave or some such bollocks.” He spoke with quiet desperation, “We have to find him, Greg.”
John tasted of salt and sunshine and a tiny bit of his cologne. Sherlock licked and sucked until he only smelled of Sherlock’s champagne breath. He held one arm around John shoulder and the other caressed down his side to cup his arse. He rubbed and lightly squeezed, sucking at his earlobe. John moaned in frustration. His arms trapped between them, he could only reach Sherlock’s clavicle and shoulder. He placed kisses there, but mostly just groaned open mouthed against him. Sherlock dragged his hand along John’s hip and around to feel his cock, held by tight lycra.
John hid his face in Sherlock’s belly. He had noticed that the pants showed a little more than his jeans, but he thought at the time that it was fine. People don’t actually look at other people’s crotches do they?
Sure enough, John was looking down, watching his hand stroking his erection slowly. Sherlock was relieved he had not sped up, which meant he wasn’t close.
Sherlock smiled and flicked open the clasp of his trousers. He slowly undid the zip and stroked his cock once more. He flexed his glutes and his trousers dropped to the floor, erection springing free.
Sherlock shivered at the mocking endearment, laid his head back down, and closed his eyes. Creepy men had been leering at him and generally being inappropriate with him since he was fourteen. He had never been all-out assaulted, but one of headteachers had called him ‘darling’ while touching his arms and back without his consent. The word made his skin crawl.
John’s squawk of protest turned from “Hey!” to “Wha?” to “Oh fuck!” in the span of half a second. Impressively fast for his level of inebriation.
John kissed him deeply while pinching one nipple between his fingers. Sherlock gasped at the sharp tweak and moaned loudly. John did it again, clearly Sherlock loved it.
He bowed his head so he could look into John’s eyes, as he used one finger to lift his chin. “It’s adorable.”
John’s chest squeezed painfully as he was reminded of their failure to keep him safe. “I know. I heard you. I’m so sorry, love.”
John moved forward, fists clenched by his sides. The young model shrieked and leaned into the officer holding him. He yelled, “No! No, get him away from me.”
John moaned quietly, and their cocks slid together deliciously. He propped himself up to look into Sherlock’s eyes, hand still slowly but firmly stroking around them.
Victor stood and paced the room. He turned to Sherlock and opened his mouth as if he was about to say something when they heard it. A muffled but unmistakable bang came from somewhere on the other end of the building.
The three of them backed away into the shadows. As soon as the were clear from the garage area, they sprinted toward the other side of the building. John’s lungs burned with lack of oxygen, his breaths coming heavy and loud to his own ears. He couldn’t hear anything in his earpiece now that the other officers had gone silent. “Missing,” his brain supplied. Dammit, how many people were they going to lose before this thing was over?
“Hello.” He raised his face towards the pillows, expecting to see John’s sleepy expression imminently. John did not disappoint.
John was skating around the rink in slow counter-clockwise circles, with Molly and Lestrade. Sherlock caught up to him and grabbed his left hand with his right. Surprised, John exhaled loudly and wobbled a bit. He smiled up at Sherlock and winked.
I did not believe him. I remembered the way they ran up to his room. I remembered John’s groan. A now familiar stirring in my groin tugged at the thought of that groan. I raised my eyebrows at him, trying to look dully skeptical.
Sherlock came first, but only a few seconds before John toppled over the edge into pulsing white hot ecstasy. Their muscles quivered and shook with intense pleasure.
Sherlock smirked as John’s gaze drifted down and his eyes went wide. Sherlock’s dressing gown might have opened a bit upon impact, revealing his nudity.
“I can’t hear you mumbling into the pillows like that.” He plunked himself down on the arm of the couch closest to my head. He looked down and said, “Say it again.”
A tall, very flamboyant man showed him into Mary’s office. He had the look of a former model. Sherlock took note of his clothing, haircut, hands, accent, and body movements. The receptionist was hiding ten pounds of extra weight around his middle very well under his designer suit coat, concealing dark puffy skin under his eyes with expensive creams, and greying hair with blonde dye. To anyone not paying attention he would have appeared to be in his late twenties, but Sherlock deduced it was more like early forties. “Ms. Morstan will be with you in a moment. May I get you anything?” He smiled and raised his eyebrows.
Once he was done with the various parts of John, their erections were both flagging a little and John was swaying on his feet, blinking slowly.
In the meantime, he wanted to cheer John up. To help them move past the lingering tension. He needed to see John smile.
Greg shrugged his shoulders and turned away so that he could speak without alerting the perpetrators in front of him.
Sherlock reached out for John with his other hand, pulled their hips together, and looked down into John’s eyes. “So did you.” He leaned down to kiss him softly, a few short pecks to John’s soft lips.
I rose from my seat and walked over to him. He grabbed my hand and pulled me down to the floor. “What?” I exclaimed, landing on one knee beside him. His strength was impressive. I tucked that bit of information away for further exploration. He held tightly to my hand.
He pulled off and looked down his body at Sherlock. They stared at each other and smiled, each holding the other’s erection. Sherlock instructed, “Go on now.”
John’s face completely shuttered. His features went slack, blue eyes blinked a few times at him. A mask of indifference. “All right.”
Nevertheless, my new soldier doctor friend had helped me to solve a truly fascinating case, all the while becoming the most fascinating person I’d ever met. His tolerance of me was a plus. But his cleverness and steady gun hand were going to prove to be a necessity for the work, I just knew it. He thinks he saved my life. I didn't, but it’s the thought that counts, right?
John raised his eyebrows and said, 'Doesn’t that seem to be a bit of a strong reaction to your friend starting to date a new woman?”
They stayed that way for several minutes. He saw John’s fists relax a bit, and without looking up, saw his body grow slightly less tense. He wondered if he should say something but he thought bitterly that he had probably said quite enough.
Sherlock loves a good cocktail. Fruity, savory, strong, fizzy, citrusy. He doesn't care. As long as it's made with pride and fresh ingredients, he's all about it.
“Yes,” John breathed out. “He’s everything.” He pinched the bridge of his nose and breathed out slowly. “I’m probably in love with him and he doesn’t know and I just…”
John looked around at all of the hungry eyes. “I think we’ve made them the jealous ones.” John grabbed his hand and said, louder than necessary, “Come on, love, let’s go home. I’m going to fuck you so good you forget your name.”
My mind was a jumble of confusion. I needed to recalculate the probabilities of romance between us. Recalculate the probability of us remaining friends, flatmates, partners in the work. How could I not have thought of the possibility that John might date a woman so soon? I had seen him flirt, but only with me. I had not seen him chat up anyone else but I didn’t have eyes on him all day and night, did I? Of course, overlooking this possibility was amateurish. My mind had been clouded by lust.
He bucked back against John once, twice, and he came, screaming. “John!” he cried, as his body thrashed and shuddered fiercely. Sherlock’s cock was untouched, but the stimulation to his prostate was so strong, he pulsed over and over again onto the bed for what felt like an eternity. Sounds came out of his mouth. He didn’t know what they were, but distantly he recognized that he was panting, “Ah! Ah!”
“Holding you to that. Now,” he said and placed both hands on his hips. He slid them back and cupped John’s arse cheeks in his large hands. “We must talk about the elephant in the room.”
They heard laughter and then one of their mobiles pinged with a text alert. They heard the sound of car tires on gravel from the entrance they’d used. Greg tapped John on the arm and pointed to a stack of large crates. John moved swiftly to hide from the headlights, as Greg and MacGregor followed. There was plenty of room and if they were very lucky, MacGregor’s body cam would record their transaction.
John looked confused and amused, probably because he didn’t know why Sherlock was laughing. But the truth is, Sherlock was so damned giddy he felt like that time Mycroft had let him drink hard cider when he was thirteen years old.
This was Sherlock submitting. This was John claiming, dominating, marking, bonding, binding Sherlock to him for life. Sherlock was ecstatic to be claimed and bound.
When they were seventeen, Sherlock was obsessed with forensic chemistry and was working his way quickly through his thesis. During a particularly warm spring day, they studied together on on the lawn in Kensington Gardens. Victor wore ridiculously small black shorts and an oversized t-shirt. Sherlock rolled his eyes and said, “Trev, do you think your shorts could be any tighter?” To which Victor replied, “They could but I don’t want to squash little Vic. He looks better this way.”
Victor looked down and chuckled. “All right, you lusty berk, here’s what we are going to do. We’re going to walk back to your room and take off our clothes and I’m going to show you some things.”
“It’s okay, please, listen,” Sherlock pleaded with his friend. All hope was not lost. He needed to convince Victor to pull himself together. They would get out of there.
They clinked glasses together again and after his sip, Sherlock said with a cheeky wink, “Anything special we’re celebrating.”
John reacted to Sherlock’s quiet, yet desperate, tone immediately. He looked at Sherlock over the top of the glasses, eyebrows raised questioningly.
As I entered the flat, it occurred to me that perhaps John wanted to have breakfast with me and his date. Despite all evidence to the contrary, I couldn’t help being wary of this possibility. Only John’s coat and shoes were by the door. I removed my own coat and shoes and crept up the stairwell to his room. I listened silently by the closed door, but only soft sounds of John’s breath emerged. Satisfied, I snuck back down to my bedroom, removed my jacket, and retired to my bed for a light doze until John awoke.
Mycroft was powerful. Very powerful. It had been a huge turn-on for Greg, who in his own right was a strong and confident leader in his career, to let go and have Mycroft take control. He arranged when and where they would meet, what they would do. Greg sat back and enjoyed the ride (
Slowly, out of respect and affection, Sherlock extracted himself from John’s bed. He stood, looking down at John, and felt remorse over what he was about to do.
Sherlock stood up and slicked his erection with lube. He looked down at John’s eager and ready entrance. He said, “Oh John,” voice deep and desperate from arousal. He pushed the head of his cock slowly into John. In one long, slow motion, he pressed into him fully. He waited for a few seconds to make sure that John was comfortable. John let out a low groan and said, “Yesssssss.”
Sherlock continued his slow slide, adjusting to John's ample girth. He loved the initial slow burn, the connection, the exciting feeling of penetration. He bottomed out and raised himself up again, putting more lube on his hand and slicking John's shaft without pulling all the way off.
“All right, I’m going to just go,” Lestrade said, gesturing towards the door, “and you just speak normally for a few minutes. Well, as normal as you can for you,” Lestrade said, smiling at his own barb.
He had lost everything but his phone and his camera. Both had been recovered from where he’d been shot. He checked his phone obsessively for the first few days, but hearing nothing had dampened his enthusiasm for it.
He got up slowly and walked out into the main living area expecting to find nothing. He was unsurprised. In fact, he looked around and was grimly relieved that his wallet, phone, camera, laptop, and everything else a young drug addict might lift was still there. He hated that he didn’t trust Sherlock.
Sherlock writhed and bounced. His energy was much higher than the night before when emotions were running high and the end of the case was upon them.
I narrowed my eyes, “I am fairly inexperienced in the ways of love, however, I believe that sex dates are supposed to last longer.”
His time with Sherlock would be cut short, he’d have to leave early for the airport...but it was only a two and a half hour flight. He could probably book as late as eight. Plenty of time to have Sherlock in his bed and make it to the airport.
John quickly grabbed his bicep and spun him back around. John pushed his back flush against the door jamb and kissed him again, insistent but so tender. John had his hands wrapped around his waist so Sherlock encircled John’s neck with both arms. Lowering his arms, John rubbed his hands over Sherlock’s arse. John mumbled, “You are so gorgeous. Your arse is criminal.”
John walked around to the other side of the bed, climbed in behind Sherlock and beneath the duvet, laid his head on the pillow, and brought one hand up to gently stroke Sherlock’s nape curls.
Sherlock realized his eyes were closed tight and tried to relax his face. He opened his eyes to look down into John’s ocean blue ones. He saw concern, a wisp of amusement, and possibly a touch of swagger. “You. Naked in my bed. Now.” He said this with much more composure and authority than he felt. Somehow he straightened and pulled away from John, turning towards his bedroom.
John was silently wondering why Sherlock thought they would like this place, when their usual haunts tended to be quiet, hidden dives known only to a handful of locals, with delicious ethnically interesting dishes. He was extremely flattered, however, that Sherlock seemed to want to wine and dine him in an extravagant restaurant.
“Your face, but I can’t...look at,” he put his head back down on his folded elbows, “the rest of you.”
There were ten small tea candle lights placed all around the bedroom. Even Sherlock had to admit that it was romantic. He’d eschewed sentiment, caring, love, and joy until he met John. John had opened him up in a frightening way. But,
He watched John sleep, feeling so grateful that they had finally gotten to this place, the place he’d been wanting for years. Now that he was licenced to look and touch and taste, he decided that the current best use of his time would be to observe John.
He smirked and looked down. John stared at his cock which sprung free from the confines of tight black stretchy denim. John wrestled them down, tugging at the fabric until his ankles and feet were finally free. John flung them across the room and said, “You’re trying to kill me.”
He moved his head back into place and licked all around his finger and the rim of John’s arsehole. Around and around, while thrusting his finger deeper and deeper into John.
Sherlock rose and said, “Let’s go down by the water. I feel like taking a dip.” His voice went so deep John could hardly hear it over the waves. His eyes glittered with mischief.
Permission granted, satisfaction sought. Sherlock draped himself over John’s body, seeking the warmth of John’s back. He reached around to stroke John’s cock with one hand. He reached his other hand up to cradle John’s head on his forearm. John turned his head so they could trade kisses over his shoulder.
“I don’t think that’s right,” John said, grabbing the tape measure. He looked at it for a long time, blinking and shaking his head as if to clear it. Then he started to chuckle. The chuckles soon turned into giggles, then on to loud snorts and guffaws.
John lifted his hand away and placed his fist to his mouth. He didn’t want to say anything yet. He found it somewhat gratifying that at least Sherlock regretted leaving his flat that night.
That sounded fast to John considering the number of prints they must have found in that room. They were lucky it was morning and the room had probably been thoroughly cleaned before Sherlock or anyone else walked into that room.
He stood. “Ms. Morstan. I didn’t know you would be joining us.” That was true. He thought maybe she’d be watching remotely but he never thought she would actually show herself at the scene of the crime to be.
John huffed a laugh and pulled Sherlock’s head down once more. John couldn’t imagine being happier. Sherlock was safe, he was there, he was warm. He was fucking gorgeous and wanted him. He wanted him. John couldn’t think of anything more perfect.
*When John watched Sherlock jump off of the edge of a building. They were chasing a suspect, who had led them onto a rooftop of a four-storey building near Brick Lane. Just as John jumped the small wall between buildings to reach Sherlock, who was wrestling with the much larger man, he saw him fall off the building’s ledge, Belstaff fluttering against the starry sky.
Sherlock’s fingers were long and impossibly graceful. He was thin, probably too thin, but his body was strong and muscular. John could write poetry, and probably would start any day now, about his arse and hips. It was sinful that man so tall and slim should be so dorsally well-endowed. All of the contradictions were what made him so stunning.
Ultimately, it took over three months from that day for Sherlock to make his way back to London. Love or not, he had to dismantle Moriarty’s web for the safety of the world and his friends. His best friend.
Sherlock woke slowly feeling relaxed and rested. He looked over at John, who was facing him. It was early. John would sleep for a while longer. Sherlock was more than content to simply watch his snoring love.
John had his camera in one hand and James’ knee in the other. They were not looking at each other, but John was reluctant to sever physical contact.
John chuckled and shrugged into the Haversack. “Yes, but that’s not a very impressive deduction, sorry.”
Victor huffed a little laugh, “Oh, I will Holmes. Look at you. Come on me you filthy gorgeous thing. I can feel your tight little hole. You want me in there? You’re gagging for it.”
“That’s a yes,” John muttered softly and indicated to the bartender that they would like another round. The bartender smiled broadly, turned quickly, and began to make Sherlock’s drink.
I raised my hands palm-to-palm to rest below my chin. I hadn’t thought that John might be worried about me. Is that what happened when you had a flatmate? A friend?
But Sherlock couldn’t wait, and calling him “sweetheart” was not helping. He couldn’t seem to control his body. It was a pleasure-seeking entity acting without his authority. Sherlock had never in his life been this excited by a few kisses and thrusts.
John’s hand stopped moving, he shut his eyes, and let out a shuddering breath. He swallowed thickly, “Um. No, sweetheart, not this time, when you’re a little stronger. Just kiss me, please.”
John thought back to his birthday in 2011. He and Sherlock were so close right before he died. And they were so close to becoming something more. Something greater together than the two of them individually.
Sherlock smirked at his brother’s sneer. He went on to brief Victor and Sherlock about their second operation of the night and promised to keep them informed.
My chest flooded with warmth and to my horror blood rushed south to my groin. I could feel the flush reach up under my collar and spread to my cheeks. What on earth was happening to me? Unfamiliar feelings. Rapid heart rate and quick shallow breaths. I felt shame and desire and gratitude all at once.
John looked slightly surprised and then softly pleased. He walked over to Sherlock and held out his hand. Sherlock took it and they walked into the bedroom. After nightly ablutions, they climbed into bed naked, finding each others’ warm skin. They slotted themselves together and made slow, quiet love, unhurried and blissful.
The cab dropped them off in front of John’s building on a quiet street not too far from their shoot location. Sherlock waited for John to open the front door by looking around and scowling at the street, the cars, the trees, and John’s front door.
He heard rustling and suddenly the door opened. John scrambled to his feet. Sherlock was still holding the doorknob, eyeing him wildly. “You want to ask how I feel about you? After all of these years?”
Sherlock’s face was completely blank as he stared at John. John missed the light he had seen in his eyes the last time they were together.
undesirable situations. He hoped that wouldn’t happen now as he decided to just ask John what was wrong.
Sherlock hummed. It was a skeptical noise meant to convey just how wrong John was. His cock was pleasingly long and very thick. Sherlock deduced that it would be average, but he had thrillingly, dramatically, hugely underestimated how very perfectly beautifully above average it actually was. “It’s perfect.”
John Watson was like no other person I’d ever met. He said, “incredible” and “amazing”. I found him to be incredibly handsome, with dark blue eyes that he flashed at me provocatively. Did he know he did that? I wasn’t sure. His large eyes, perfect nose, and strong jaw devastated me. So far I had only seen glimpses of the doctor. A man who wanted to help diagnose, help solve a crime. I couldn’t imagine my John exhibiting the pablum banality of bedside manners. What I observed at all times was the soldier. Unfortunately suicidal. Eternally loyal. Lethally brave. He had killed a man for me today. Only one day after we met. How on earth could I ever get over that?
“Sorry.” He looked down and gestured for Sherlock to follow him to a particularly bright wall. “Stand here, I'm going to get close. Head and shoulders shots.”
...John didn’t want to think about where or when Sherlock learned to do the thing, but he was grateful he had and that he only appeared to want to do it to John. Over and over again.
Now it was the next morning. Sherlock watched John as he slept, as light and the noise of midday drifted into his bedroom. They weren’t touching but they were lying on their sides facing each other. John was radiating heat, his face relaxed, mouth open, slightly snoring. Sherlock didn’t move a muscle except for his eyes, which roamed over as much of John’s face and hair that he could see. His heart was fucking bursting with adoration for this man, and gratitude to the universe or whatever that finally, finally, they had closed that gap. John suddenly opened his eyes and caught Sherlock watching him sleep. Then soft kisses and murmurs of
“Oh, love. Brilliant. You’re so beautiful. It’s never been like this for me. Ever,” John said, as he petted Sherlock’s head in soft circles.
Sherlock eagerly unbuckled his belt and opened John’s jeans and reached in for his prize. It did not disappoint. It was hard and hot in Sherlock’s hand. John grunted and moaned when Sherlock stroked his cock, matching the rhythm of John’s hand on his own cock.
“You weren’t here so I thought I’d have a nice wank thinking of your pretty lips on it, or maybe…hic...between your perfect arse cheeks.” John’s eyes were glassy and unfocused as he got lost in the fantasy.
“Because you deserve it you miserable arse.” John smiled, “Plus it makes me wickedly giddy to think of how possessive you are of me.” He hastily added, sincerely, “But I am ashamed, because I shouldn’t feel that way when you are in pain.” John rubbed up and down his shins and calves.
John rolled his eyes, “You are such a drama queen. Stop it.” Meanwhile, he had Sherlock restrained, arms pinned to his sides and was practically carrying him to the door.
“I promise. Everything you said. I promise.” Then Sherlock broke into a huge grin, and a few tears slid down his cheek when his eyes crinkled.
“I haven’t any. Just...making sure you’re okay.” He looked down and a slight flush appeared on his cheeks. Sherlock wanted to devour him.
“Hear what?” John was trying to fold the washing on the couch, but he was extremely distracted. In fact, he was so distracted that he had abandoned the folding altogether, simply clutching one of Sherlock’s t-shirts to his chest. He’d been standing there, staring at his boyfriend for several minutes.
Sherlock set the pace very slow at first. Then he increased the tempo so he was bouncing in John's lap. He used his powerful thigh muscles to lift his arse off of John's cock then lower him back down with a slap. The force of the movement had the delicious effect of slapping his frenulum against John's stomach with every bounce.
I spent time in the John room of my mind palace, spontaneously erected immediately after our meeting in the lab. I imagined us kissing, but it was difficult. I did not have to use my imagination to conjure John’s nude form, the bathroom door leaving little to ponder. But it had been so long that I had felt a kiss at all, and when I pictured his face, I could only see his wonderfully expressive eyes, crinkled at the corners, smiling at me. Although difficult, I forced myself to stop trying to imagine a physical relationship between us.
“Sherlock.” John was not buying his act, and dropped his hands, sitting back on his heels, still between Sherlock’s open knees.
“You can ride me right here in this chair. Feel every bit of me inside of you. I’m close - oh, god,” he cried out and spilled out between them. Sherlock kept his grip tight and thrust twice more against John’s jumping cock. He stilled, moaned loudly, and came over John’s stomach and chest.
Sherlock missed his tone completely. “But why is it singing? It’s fall. He shouldn’t be singing. And his song is so irritating!” He pulled his hair again.
He couldn’t help a full body shudder as John grabbed his arm and pulled him roughly to him. John wrenched his head aside and attacked his neck with not-so-gentle bites, sucks, and long tongue laves. Sherlock hung onto John’s shoulders, afraid to let go. His head hung to one side.
As we giggled our way from the crime scene, I invited my new friend to dinner. I told him how to deduce a good Chinese restaurant and although he seemed skeptical, it didn’t irritate me. I was intrigued and would always continue to be.
He pulled back, quirked one corner of his lips and rolled his eyes. “Yes, John. I want you to move in.”
Trigger warning: there is implied non-con for a young drug-using Sherlock (this is something John wonders about but is not talked about or confirmed).
Once spread on the table, John looked through every photo, e-mail printout, internet history, receipt, invoice, and resume hoping that something would jog his memory. After all, he knew Mary very well for a time. He knew her when she was turning into whatever she now was.
John reached across the table to wrap his hand around Sherlock’s fidgeting hand. “Tell me what’s going on.”
“Oh god, you - “ John could not finish his sentence, but lifted his shin to press against Sherlock’s shaft, taking care to move slow.
John paced on the other side of the coffee table, both hands clenching into fists and unclenching to stretch tense fingers. He spoke softly, just above a whisper. Sherlock knew that was a sign that John was extremely angry and anything he might say would probably make it worse.
The officer put her body between John’s and the model. John rolled his eyes at them both and sighed. “Don’t you think you’re overreacting just a bit, mate?”
He made a distracted, flippant gesture with his hand and said, “Anytime,” but his eyes stayed on John’s. He looked expectant. Hesitant. Vulnerable.
“Your brother?” John asked. He knew the answer before he asked the question, but asked it anyway. “Who is your brother?”
He reaches his fingertips further down into Sherlock’s palm, then rests them over Sherlock’s wrist, feeling his pulse racing.
“Don’t be. I’m sorry. You don’t,” he hesitated and looked over Sherlock’s shoulder, “You don’t know.”
He heard John approach and he must have noticed that Sherlock wasn’t breathing like a sleeping person because he said, “Sherlock. Come on now, please sit up a bit at take this.”
He had missed it and it destroyed him. He needed to go back six years, take this new information, and re-evaluate every touch, every word of praise, every lip lick and lingering look. As the panic and anger left his body, a very tiny, very frightening flame of hope flared within his breast.
John regained composure long enough to put the t-shirt down, walk to the flat door and lock it. This bizarre and somewhat arousing display would be for him and no one else. He walked back towards Sherlock and simply watched.
As John tapped the screen to call Mike back, he heard Sherlock move into the bedroom. A flutter of anticipation bubbled low in his belly, not for shooting a potentially career-changing celebrity car campaign, but for having the sexiest and most beautiful man he’d ever seen enter his bedroom with lustful intentions.
He pulled John down for another searing slippery kiss, while John undid the placard of his trousers, deftly with one hand unzipped the fly, gently pulled out Sherlock’s stiff cock, gave it one slow thorough stroke, and abruptly sat up.
John stilled his hands, hesitated, “She’s someone I went to medical school with. We dated,” he looked away, “She said I looked the same. Which isn’t true, of course, but it felt good.”
“Shit, shit, shit,” Lestrade said, punching at his phone screen, then lifting it to his ear. “Get eyes on him, now!”
John laughed harder and pulled him down into a proper kiss. After a long snog that left them both breathless and hard, John said, “Love, you’re impossible and fantastic and my arse is wet and warm and I’m so ready for you to bend me over this table and fuck me. Please, later we can talk about how glorious my cock is.”
“Sherlock Holmes. If you are anywhere near the door I suggest you move away from it in the next three seconds.”
“Holmes,” Victor said, with a warning tone. Sherlock rolled his eyes. Victor was not as good at deduction as he was, but he was going to figure it out soon enough. Sherlock wondered how on earth this could have happened. In an instant, he was attracted to his best friend. Lusty. Horny. God, he wanted Victor’s body on his. He wanted and wanted and if he looked at him now, he would have to confess. It would be humiliating, but he trusted Victor with his life and his body and his heart.
Before I met Sherlock, I didn't laugh. I never laughed until my face hurt, until tears streamed down my face, until my bladder was in danger of bursting. Nothing was joyous or funny or fun before I met Sherlock.
Once the case was over, they had one last night in the City of Angels. They found a lively, slickly-decorated, Brazilian restaurant and went for a late lunch. They found themselves in the midst of what Americans called ‘happy hour’. Honestly, why were Americans, particularly Californians, always so happy? Must be something about the sun shining all year long.
Sherlock responded by squeezing him tighter and burying his nose in his neck. John pushed back into his warm body. Both of them jolted when the movement slipped the head of Sherlock’s very hard cock in between John’s arse cheeks. Sherlock moaned and thrust forward slightly, causing his shaft to slide along John’s sensitive flesh.
They shifted around and sat up against the headboard. John tucked pillows behind Sherlock’s neck and shoulders then twisted to get the water glass. Sherlock held it with both hands and drank almost all of it before handing it back to John.
Sherlock pulled off and said, “Oh fuck.” His hand didn’t stop as he swirled his tongue over the dark purple head.
A couple walked behind them. The man loudly said “Hey!” and waved both hands at all of the servers and bartenders. Clearly they were regulars, but Sherlock detected the tight smiles of the staff and determined that this couple was trouble. The short, dark-haired man had eyes too small and a pink nose from too much drink. He wore over-sized cargo shorts and a hideous short-sleeved button-up with a palm tree and fish pattern repeated all over it. Sherlock shuddered.
Sherlock hummed in agreement. “No girlfriend, but this man here, is clearly in love with the victim.”
John stood up and pulled Sherlock up by one hand to stand beside him. In the loo, they cleaned up a bit then tumbled into Sherlock’s bed. John thought again about how right this all felt. He was perfectly at home under Sherlock’s duvet and on his pillows. John was on his back and extended an arm towards Sherlock. He must have understood because he snuggled up along John’s left side and tucked his head into the crook of John’s arm.
It was working, it really was. He’d pulled a bloke in his favorite old haunt in the Village. He’d met a beautiful young woman (not a model!) at a gallery opening just a few nights before. They were going to MOMA tomorrow.
When he tried to move, to sit up, he was shocked by the violence of his vision’s changes. He was no longer in his own body. In fact, he could see Victor as if he was sitting right beside him. His own feet looked to be on the other side of the room. He saw his own body from above for a fleeting moment before he forced himself to look at Victor again. “Fuck,” he said out loud, voice croaking with adrenaline.
Sherlock sat up and slowly took the pills from John’s warm hand. His shame kept his eyes from moving to John’s face.
She had been feigning nonchalance, avoiding his gaze, but at this she looked him in the eye and became very still. The hair on the back of his neck stood at attention. Something was very, very wrong.
Things were mostly smooth during the first days of their cohabitation. They rarely argued. Or if they did, it was because Sherlock did something infuriatingly reckless or disgustingly messy. John would admonish him with exasperation that was only half-serious. Sherlock always pulled him out of these moods with affectionate caresses or kisses.
John thought they’d soap themselves up, maybe tease each other a bit, then get out, dry off, and have some tea and toast. John was wrong.
“Yes.” John’s tone sounded like he would if he was speaking to a client, or Mycroft. There was no intimacy, no private affection in his voice.
Crumpled in the corner behind the desk, he saw what looked like a body completely covered with an old blanket. Cautiously, he approached the bundle and noted the motion of very rapid breathing. He heard another very quiet moan coming from one end of the blanket.
John gripped him tighter and pressed his hips forward, grinding his cock against Sherlock’s back. Sherlock hummed.
This was no Afghanistan. This was New York City. It was oddly refreshing. New Yorkers tended to be direct, creative, judgemental, and dressed all in black. He fit right in with these brusque people though he hid it well, especially back home in London. He could hide behind his non-threatening, eternally polite English persona there. In the UK, he hid in plain sight so people didn’t recognize his damage. Also, people didn’t realize that he had trained with the Israeli army and knew not only how to disable several threatening armed people by himself, all at once. He also knew how to kill a person with one finger. One very well-placed, well-timed finger. John Watson may be a fashion photographer now, but he was still a deadly weapon in a cardigan.
The victim’s lips were blue, clearly a lack of oxygen. Actually, there were signs of cyanosis on his hands and feet also. He was found alone in his flat. Evidence of a happy life was all around him. His refrigerator was covered in photos. There were group photos of sweaty, smiling groups of friends on camping trips or at football matches. He even had a pet frog that looked fat and healthy.
“You scared me, you cock,” he said. But the insult had no bite, and the smile on his handsome face was huge. “What are you doing here?”
It was then he realized that John was holding him just as tightly, nose buried in his shirt collar and small hands gripping his shoulder blades. John’s breathing was quick and shallow. “Sherlock,” he said, incredibly soft, “Sherlock.”
Sherlock turned towards the rink’s exit, annoyed with himself that he agreed to ever come to this ridiculous party.
Wrapped tightly together, floating on hormonal clouds of lovely candied chemicals, he felt a bubble of joy burst in his chest. He and John had finally consummated their obvious, mutual lust and it was amazing.
Victor’s face dropped and he started crying. He put both hands over his face and cried, “Not you, Holmes. God, not you.”
Sherlock turned them and started walking them backwards. He held on tight so John didn’t lose his footing. It was only a few steps before Sherlock pushed John down to sit in Sherlock’s chair.
John paused. They had only just gotten there, he’d started drinking. It seemed like they should prepare, be professional, talk about what they both wanted out of the shoot.
After a quick strip of yesterday’s suit, I slipped on sleep trousers, my favorite (only) t-shirt, and the red dressing gown. John hadn’t seen that one yet. I wondered what his eyes would do when he saw it. It was rather a lot for one man to have several £500 silk robes, but John would most likely learn about Mummy’s gift-giving at some point.
"Well, when I say friend..." he trailed off. Best Billy didn't know that they were left at his flat by a bloke he'd met on Grindr. He'd never called after to ask John if he'd left them, so John used them in every lock in the city seeing how they'd be useful. That was an interesting two weeks.
Sherlock didn't need earphones to hear music. He was probably playing a whole symphony in his head for his own enjoyment. The dancing was proof he was enjoying it very much.
“The sun feels amazing on my skin,” Sherlock smiled. He walked into the water and raised his arms above his head in a sort of salute to the tropical gods. John admired his broad shoulders and the taper down to his small waist and ample bum. Sherlock lowered his arms, turned around, and started walking backwards deeper into the water.
He watched John's face as he opened the lube and poured some on his long fingers. He reached back and started circling his own entrance, opening himself with practiced ease. He smirked at John's look of confusion.
Thanks to the caretaker, Mr. Moore, accessing the room was simple. I removed the key from the inner cuff lining of the Belstaff and fit it easily into the lock. Engulfed in darkness and familiarity, the task at hand, however uncomfortable, was to think. Think seriously about what my transport was telling me.
Sherlock draped even further over his back as the shivers of his orgasm waned. John was warm and soft under him, placing small kisses on Sherlock’s forearm where his head still rested.
“I wasn’t supposed to be there, but he came and said my buddy had sent him. Turns out he and his unit were after the two bad guys I was photographing. We went to have tea.” John stopped and thought of mischievous, beautiful blue eyes looking at him over tiny glasses of tea. They had tried to drink together like normal blokes who just met, but unspoken searing tension cut their tea time short. It had only been about five minutes before they both felt the strong urge to get out of there and get to John’s room.
Within a few short minutes, Sherlock was moaning and stroking John’s hair and jaw. Sherlock looked at John’s lips around his cock, softly murmuring, “John. Oh. John.”
Sherlock met Victor in primary school. Black floppy hair, glasses, prominent brow and nose, perfect bow lips and brown eyes full of mischief, even at eight years old.
Very clearly and too loudly for the situation, they heard, “What the - !?” Their pieces went quiet. They looked at each other, brows furrowed in confusion. John pointed vaguely towards where Seb and his two men were walking away after shaking Graham’s hand.
When John had first come upstairs with the basket full of fresh whites, he assumed that Sherlock was in the bedroom. It was quiet and that’s where he’d left him. But a few minutes later, Sherlock had come tearing into the main room, full of his normal manic energy. He looked like a giant cat, stalking back and forth from window to window, cocking his head at every sound coming from the street. John could only hear traffic noise and shouting now and again.
He felt powerful, in control. John stayed still and let him do what he wanted. Sherlock leaned forward to wrap his hands around John's skull and kissed him.
John leaned forward, spread his legs and placed his elbows on his knees. He tilted his head, licked his lips and said, “Sherlock.”
John turned, and wrapped his arms loosely around Sherlock’s waist and brought their foreheads together. “I know you’re sorry now.” He looked profoundly sad and he wouldn’t look at Sherlock’s eyes.
Sherlock strode into the kitchen and snatched up his phone. Seven texts and three missed calls. He read the texts, confirmation of what John had said. Not that he would doubt it.
He felt John thrust in one last time, burying himself deep into Sherlock. He let out a long keening cry through gritted teeth as he came into Sherlock’s body. He could feel John’s cock pulse and jump within him, which was glorious, lovely, amazing. He pulled John down on top of him so their chests met.
He was clearly experiencing some kind of temporary insanity. Someone had been feeding him lies, or misinformation. How could John be under the impression that he was not Sherlock’s ideal man. His ideal mate. He relaxed just a bit as he realized all he needed to do was convince John of that fact.
“His condition was not good, but he’s expected to make a full recovery with no permanent physical issues. They are both at the same hospital, in fact. Sharing a room.” He smiled. “Victor will be released later today. Noah in a few days.”
“Ooof!” John knew it was Sherlock so he didn’t react defensively to the sudden tackling from behind, but he was annoyed. “What are you doing, you arse?”
They traded wet kisses at an incredibly awkward angle, with Sherlock bending over John’s left shoulder to reach his side-turned face.
As Sherlock went back to quick, hard sucks at the head. “Ah! His cock was so hard...oh!...I pulled it fast and rough and he came all over my bed.”
No matter, there was another one chilled. John brought it and his camera out to the deck. He filled their cups and moved his chair closer to Sherlock’s so he could reach over and place his hand on his leg. Sherlock hummed and stroked down his arm once. They sipped and listened to the surprisingly loud sound of gentle waves hitting the sand.
He knew the decomposition rate of human flesh in the deserts of the American west (slow) and in the rainforests of Belize (fast). He knew the mean length of the world’s largest bee (400 mm) and the mean length of the world’s smallest frog (7 mm). He knew daily high and low tides for the Thames through October of 2018. He knew that John loves biscuits and tea.
John started to move. He gripped his hips and thrust hard and steady into Sherlock. He felt heavy and relaxed and loved. He leaned forward, changing the angle and that must have done it for John. Sherlock clung to his shoulders and buried his face in John’s neck, sucking kisses into it. John gritted his teeth and came. Sherlock felt his cock pulsing deep inside of him. He felt proud, animalistic, conquering. “You’re mine,” he said, licking up John’s neck.
Only a little after sunset, John had said, yawning, “I know it’s early but I’m for bed, I think.” He stretched his arms above his head and scrunched his whole face together in a grimace as his spine cracked.
Victor’s eyes flew open and immediately found his. “Holmes? All right?” He crawled over to Sherlock.
Mycroft was the most interesting person Greg had ever dated. He was more interesting than his pain-in-the-arse brother, even, which was quite something. He looked divine in a jumper and jeans. He smelled like expensive cologne and leather. He made the most delicious noises when…Greg groaned and scrubbed his hand across his forehead. He really needed to stop thinking about this.
“The night of your first date with Sarah, you said you hoped I wasn’t suggesting you and I go on a date. Remember? You said what you and Sarah were about to do, you hoped I wasn’t suggesting we do together. What was I to think?” He finished quietly, “I knew then that your attraction to me was over. Which was fine actually, my feelings for you were not known to me then.”
Weeks went by when he barely saw her. He realized that he was too young to be this bored with life. He missed her humor and her smart mouth. He missed fucking her. He missed fucking, period.
John’s eyes widened slightly at the unexpected sentimentality of his confession. He blinked several times quickly and took a few shaky breaths.
Sherlock blew out a breath, folded his legs to sit cross-legged, then stood without using his hands. He sat back into his own chair, looked at John, and took a breath to speak.
Before I met John, I did not have a body. I did not enjoy food or drink or sex. He has provoked in me cravings like I have never felt.
“Now. Mine,” Sherlock moaned, “Please.” Sherlock had never been so eager and rarely plead for anything.
Sherlock barely woke as he leaned on John, as Mrs. Hudson let them in, as they walked up the stairs, and as he entered his bedroom. John lead him into the small bathroom, turned on the shower tap, and undressed him.
The warehouse portion of the building was on the south side. Two other officers from Greg’s team were on the north side where the offices were. John, Greg, and MacGregor snuck in under the cover of darkness. They silently moved across the back wall, each in contact with the others through slick, nearly invisible ear pieces. At the far end of the vast space, light spilled out through an open doorway. As they approached they could hear low voices. John thought they didn’t sound quite as relaxed as they had looked.
John lifted their joined hands and kissed Sherlock’s knuckles just once. “I’ll be right there when you get out, you know I will, right?”
John went deadly still and immediately thought of Jack. He didn’t think about Mary or Jack or any of it very often, it had been years and years. But the combination of Sherlock’s words and quiet desperation had the image of blonde hair and perfectly symmetrical green eyes springing to the forefront of his brain.
John followed Greg towards the strange man. As they approached, the man lowered his chin and tilted his head. His hawkish eyes raked over both of them, but settled on John’s face. He didn’t blink. He seemed to be trying hard to look menacing. John had a moment to decide whether or not to be intimidated by the stranger. He decided not.
“No!” she screamed, “I’ll not tell you anything!” She stood up from the table and loomed over him. “You don’t know anything, you never will. I’m leaving. We’re done.”
Sherlock looked up, knit his brows together slightly, still moving his lips over John’s cock, up and down.
Of course Sherlock knew what sex and kissing was but he’d never thought about himself doing either of those things with anyone. He didn’t even like when anyone touched him.
