He doesn’t bother finishing with what comes after that. Dean heard the words often enough when he was growing up. “
“Two bronzes, huh?” he asked Novak, who was watching him work peacefully, her gold-and-white wings spread like the fins of a fish around her to absorb the heat of the nesting grounds. “You must be so proud.”
“Well, when that dragon of his lets him out,” Dean admitted. “Met a nice girl down at the village the other day—Cassie. She’s got a friend. Figured it’d be nice to go on a double kind of thing. Unless
He’s wearing a quilted down jacket and carrying his big yellow backpack like he’s on his way home. A big, fluffy scarf, striped yellow and black, is wrapped around his neck. But his sleeve’s so torn-up that there’s shreds of down peeking through the stitching, and his backpack’s hanging from one strap over his shoulder. There’s so much mud smeared over the happy yellow that it looks like a black’n’white cookie, half-dipped into one of the puddles of dirty slush dotted around campus. One end of the scarf is flapping against his leg and almost dragging on the ground. He’s not doing his little bobbing walk, he’s dragging one leg hard behind him with every step.
The doorbell was striped yellow and black with tiny metal wings, and Dean snorted. The welcome mat—a real goddamned welcome mat—said, in loopy script, “Honey, I’m Home!”
anymore, but… he prays, wobbling on his feet as Cas gets slammed into the ground and the ground actually
Cas doesn’t say ‘thank you,’ but he flashes the curve of his smile at Dean and Jo before he goes back to reviewing the steps for when they land, and how to troubleshoot opening the Gate back up again from the other side. They do this every few days, and since these are the steps that are going to be getting them there safely and then getting them
“Get off,” he growls at them, swatting at their hands as they reach for him with their fingers writhing and pink as worms. Inside their suits, they’re made of maggots, he can
For the first time, Dean pulled harder at the ropes around him—but he wasn’t even sure why. It wasn’t to get out of them. He didn’t need to. Maybe it was just to pull, but they were secure. They always were. There was nothing to fight against.
And while I can take no credit for queen riders carrying flamethrowers (you can thank Pern for that) here's hoping you still found it a satisfying conclusion!
Dean pulls himself, slowly, out of a bed with mattress foam that’s never had anyone but him in it. He stretches his knee and straps on the knee brace, then pulls on his jeans, catching his toe on the fray at the bottom of them before he yanks and the thread breaks. His undershirt and his flannel slip on on autopilot. He’s not sure what color his flannel is today, but it doesn’t really matter anyway, and he’s at least sort of sure it’s clean. His socks are plain black. So are his boxers. He has others, but they’re somewhere in the bottom of his dresser. What little playfulness he might have had left to him feels like it was stripped away weeks, months, a year ago.
He was the one close enough to see Martin’s lips moving, the whites of his eyes stained with cracked blood vessels, the way he was whispering to himself in a language that was all angles and consonants, ugly and harsh. Dean’s seen enough videos of those who’ve been angel-touched to know what it was: Enochian.
(Not only is this plan putting all of their eggs in one basket again, Dean doesn’t really know how he feels about
Alright, so Dean had always known their friend was weird, but now and again Cas left him speechless.
” Dean retorts, wiping himself down, and chucks the tissue in the vague direction of what might be a trash can. But he’s smiling as they sit there, wordless, listening to each other settle in and breathe. He can’t wait to get afterglow in person with Cas again. But this… this is nice.
Cas sighs, and Dean hears the soft slip-slip of him rubbing his forehead. “Or… not in so many words. He didn’t precisely
It’s weird to think about Cas getting time off when everything about this whole damned operation has been hurry up and wait, but now that Sam mentions it, they’ve been here nearly three weeks. The detectors say that the concentration of angel dust is ramping slowly up; it’s probably not going to be more than a few days, now before go time.
Sam laughs again, shaking his head. “Oh my God, what a small world. Wow, man, I really didn’t recognize you at all! You were a lot, uh, smaller then.”
“Oh, hell yeah. For both of us. So fucking good, Cas, sweetheart, you don’t even know—ahh…” Dean trailed off into a rasp, his eyes squeezing closed. Castiel tipped upwards to press a kiss to the flushed head of Dean’s penis, and almost felt his arm tense. “Then I’d… I’d…” his words were coming in a low, throaty, thrilling groan, the syllables starting to run together. His hips knocked upwards to meet his fist. “I’d fit just the tip of my cock into you. Just ‘nough for you to feel the stretch. Real slow at first!”
you to put on your big boy panties on and act like the damned world is counting on us—‘cause it is—before you pick a fight with the government stooge again. Or so help me, I’m sending you back to Bobby to help coordinate hunters. Do you understand?”
If Castiel had to guess, though—and this is something he knows he will never have confirmed—the period of abandonment to the authorities was not for stealing the peanut butter and bread to feed his little brother. John Winchester must have known that the thefts were happening. He was not, after all, providing the money to feed his children himself while he threw himself into more and more anti-governmental societies.
“Hey, now,” Jody objected, frowning. “Novak’s a good queen. Runs a tight bunch of hatchlings. Yeah, she does things her own way, but Mills hasn’t
“Shit,” Sam whispers, fumbling for the particle reader on his belt. Jo, just in front of them, is white-faced, but she’s already got her own reader out and ticking softly, recording.
Dean moves into a little house at the outskirts of the city of Lebanon with the stipend he and Sam had saved. They have a whole room that’s just a library—Sam’s belongings took most of a carriage, and a good ninety percent of that was books (and maybe five percent hair products). But no sooner have they arrived than Sam’s heading for the nearest schoolhouse, a little cart of books dragged bumping along behind him, so ready to offer his help that he’s practically sparkling.
“So… what’s with the, uh, other offer, though, man?” Dean says, hastily swiping that little droplet away, because he’s just
fucking leaving you.” Never mind that he couldn’t even if he wanted to—Cas stepping outside of the circle would break it, and Dean would be breathing darkness and fog and red rain in
this was sort of a good idea,” Dean grumbles, with his cold nose buried just a little too far in his paper cup of—fucking
his eyes going half-lidded and hazy as he hooked his legs over Castiel’s waist and pushed eagerly up against him, still seemed more sensation and dream than conceivable reality… it would have been unimaginable if it hadn’t
He doesn’t have to sleep much, but with his grace fading in dribs and drabs now that God’s gone, he has to sleep a little. Just in, like, little hibernation chunks, every few days.
“Am I a lump now?” he asked quietly. “I… I guess I am. You always have to take care of me when it storms. Is that why you want me to leave?”
in the kitchens, and he just… he hadn’t known what to say. How did a person take back cruelty that they hadn’t even meant? “I have a hard time believing he’s not happy for you, Sam.”
Castiel nods. “That’s correct. I consider it my job, first and foremost, to keep you safe enough to complete your mission. But I have enough familiarity with the military and NASA that the powers that be were confident in my ability to coordinate between your team and the Joint Task Force.” Under the baggy, ugly suit, Castiel’s shoulders are straight, and he wears his pointed chin high. “Now, my understanding is that you people have more experience with battling monsters than anyone else. I’ve done more research than anyone else on how to kill the kind that are on the other end of the Gate.”
“What was that for?” Dean murmurs—a little hazy with it—once Cas starts to straighten back up. He runs his thumb up and down the ruffled edge of Cas’s hairline.
purse—was gone in a long, white-fingered hand, and the clouds were gathering overhead, thick and dark.
But Dean’s hands were dirty, one fingertip cracked and bloody where a nail had split. He was still such a good climber.
“All of that, in there, that all makes the thing run?” Rufus asks, walking in closer than Dean thinks he'd like to go. He taps at one of the lights on the rim then sticks his hand through the opening.
go out to inspect sites—the beating his steel-toed boots have taken will attest to that—and yeah, there
“Something like that,” Dean admits. It’s not like he’d ever tell anyone about what happened between him and Cas. Hell, if
Please know that the sound my phone makes when A03 sends me a comment notification honestly makes my day. I value each and every one of your thoughts, and I WILL respond to you eventually!
“Charlie,” Dean demands, “What’s going on?” He’s so done with this conversation. Actually, he’s so fucking done with this
Cas huffs, but he shakes his head, once. Twice, like he’s trying to clear away dottle. Dean knows the feeling, though probably for a completely different reason; he’s pretty sure his chest is going to be feeling warm and tight and wanting from that hug at least until the next time he sees Cas.
“I’m not foolish enough to get in the middle of two very strong-willed people who can each, individually or collectively, ruin my life,” Cas answers, very seriously.
The sound of his phone yanks him out of unsteady, murky dreams where he ripped his own shirt open and slapped a hand to a bloody sigil carved into his skin, only to watch himself, Krissy and Kevin vanish from the warehouse within which they were standing. He fumbles for it on the bedside table, almost upsetting the glass of water he’d left there when the cord of his plug tangles around it. It’s been ringing too long; he doesn’t check who it is. His voice is hoarse even for him, nightmare-rough, when he answers, “Novak.”
Castiel frowned, and turned his thumb, feeling the ripple of little muscles adjusting around him. He carefully tugged on Dean’s hole, trying to make space. “Really? Now?”
has taken ‘of God’ off your name,” Rowena said, smirking. “So if you don’t belong to God anymore, little blackbird, who do you belong to?” she asked, and laughed like that was the funniest thing in all the world.
“Just sayin’. Your turn’s gonna be coming up pretty soon, isn’t it, unicorn?” she said, flinging the messenger pouch at his chest so that his choices were between catching it or letting it hit him and then fall to the floor. Castiel was still fumbling with untangling his arms from it when she sauntered past him and patted his butt with two quick flicks of her wrist. He didn’t give her the satisfaction of jumping.
,” Dean said, a little desperately. “What’s it we always say, right? You can’t be a lump, you gotta be, you know.
—but she was very fast. She’d flown against demons twice, and was fully as vicious against them as she was against everyone else. Both times, Castiel and Meg had had to wipe the soot from her mouth and teeth afterwards because she’d blown fire until she literally couldn’t anymore. If Meg wanted to resettle in another Weyr, she and Masters would go for high recommendations—well, for that, at least.
“Why don't y'all move quarters down near me?” he said gruffly. “Get your stuff, I'll get you settled right. There's a big 'un just two down from me that's open. Nicer to stay down there than a place that stinks like dragon crap anyway.”
. The stone was solid. They’d lose the wherry herd, the outbuildings—but that was just food supplies, just
John crosses his arms. “Check in with Bobby,” he commands, sternly, like it’s a done deal. “There’s some bad shit in the forests up there, no telling what the angel dust’ll do to them. And if—”
“Huh.” Sam contemplates that, rubbing the neck of his beer bottle with his thumb. “Is that all angels, or just you? That seems…” and he trails off, because other angels
It’s not why Dean doesn’t (can’t) love him, Castiel doesn’t think. But it is yet another mark of his own alienness.
He bobbed his chin at Donna and summoned up a smile—though he wasn’t sure if it was for kind, thoughtful Donna or for his sister and brother. “Let’s go,” he said.
Charlie slants an arch of a bright red eyebrow at him that should burn him to the ground as thoroughly as Godzilla’s nuclear blast.
“He’s beautiful,” Castiel said, and meant it. He’d never seen such a color before—Impala was definitely a bronze, with an almost-copper cast to the web of his wings, but his body and head were so dark in front that he almost looked black. He wondered if that had come from his dam or his sire—or if that was simply, uniquely, his own.
But Cas looks at Dean’s report card, at the comments Dean’s teachers left—‘innovative,’ ‘engaged,’ and, in his chemistry class, ‘meticulous, if occasionally reckless’—and gazes at him, just looking all tilty and confused. He looks between it and Dean’s face, once, twice, then opens his mouth. Then closes it. “Are you… disappointed?” he finally says, his mouth soft and pink, the way it gets when he pouts like that. “I’m sorry, Dean. Has the time I’ve spent at your place been distracting you from homework? I can—”
Of all the experiences Castiel finds most intriguing about humanity, though, he truly, honestly enjoys reading.
nestled under Dean—under him, not just beside him, not just with his head pillowed on Dean’s shoulder. He feels warm and solid, even if Dean gets just a little tangled up in the folds of that fucking coat of his. They end up flopped, overlapping—one of Dean’s knees settled on the bed between Cas’s, one of Cas’s legs bent just gently until his thigh is nestling where, well, Little Dean hasn’t gotten the picture yet, but that’s probably a good thing. It’s clumsy and not
On the other side, there’s a rustle of confusion, but Hannah says, “Hold, please,” and the microphone goes soft and crackly on the other side for a little while.
Cas glances over his shoulder, his hands still moving slowly and deliberately as he packs, and the corner of his lips curls up in a tiny smile. “Just so you understand, Dean… why I can’t help.”
Dean always listens when Cas is talking during their afternoon briefings. He mouths off sometimes, but he’s still listening. The fact is, Cas is
“Oh, hell no,” Dean grits out, puts his sword in his right and his dagger in his left, and keeps on keepin’ on.
(It didn’t feel very good, being naked while Dean was looking at him like that. Even though Dean was
“You don’t need me,” he answers, softly. “Maybe you never did. And now, you’re ready. Everyone here underestimates you hunters, and I did at the beginning, too. You can do this, I know it. You can all do it.”
Martin looks up from stroking a thumb back and forth over the bruise that takes up most of his right forearm—back and forth, back and forth. (Dean worries about him a little when he does shit like that, but when he doesn’t look half-asleep, Martin’s been taking to everything they’ve been learning with a seriousness that borders on fanaticism.)
He closes his eyes again, but feels the hand touching the side of his face—just a finger, at first, then two, brushing down his temples, delicately combing through the stiff little whorl of hair right there. It rasps down the side of his jaw. Dean’s not exactly sure when he last shaved. Maybe a few days ago? Maybe a week. Or maybe yesterday. It doesn’t really matter, here, does it. This is just a dream.
“What if I don’t want to?” Castiel asks, peeling up the edge of a long strip. Initially, the tape splits, and he frowns, tugging off the little asymmetric triangle. He hates it when that happens. But as Castiel continues to pick carefully at the edge, his ministrations nudge up the rest of the tape, and he grabs the triangular leftover gleefully. The rest of the strip starts coming free in one long, rewarding, rectangular pull. He grunts with satisfaction.
Which is probably what they’re all thinking. Dean is pretty fucking sure that no hunter they’ve ever met has tried to break down why silver kills werewolves into electron clouds, energy resonance, and
There’s a puzzled sort of silence. Dean can see Cas’s head tipping to the side. “What do you mean?” he asks, finally.
come to take care of him in a way that had nothing to do with his own dragonfever—did nothing to quell the sharp turn of
But Dean’s body doesn’t know that this guy is an asshole. Maybe it just doesn’t care. Maybe it just knows that almost the hottest guy that Dean’s ever met is standing inside Dean’s personal space, snarling, close enough that he should be tasting what Dean had for dinner. If Castiel takes just one more step, he’s gonna feel Dean’s hard-on against his thigh, and he’s got no one to blame but himself for that.
of this part of the facility—the mess hall, the training rooms, glimpses of gear through half-open doors that make Dean’s eyes go wide and Jo make a small, precious sound of lust. They walk past the shielded, barred, freakin’ enormous guarded door leading to the Gate. The door just by itself looks like it leads to a damned airplane hangar.
He didn’t know why he always looked towards his mother’s dragon—it wasn’t that Novak had ever, in all these years, paid any attention to him at the Hatchings. He couldn’t blame her: she had brand-new babies to watch over, and the chaos and the celebration of Hatching Day must be fascinating to someone who lived in a stone cave and, for the most part, seemed to have little interest in interacting with other humans, or most other dragons.
“Good to have you back, man!” Garth chirps, unwrapping himself from Cas’s shoulders. “Wow, that other guy was a
Ah, shit. Yeah. That’s right. Northern New England is Rufus’s hunting territory, mostly, now that he’s semi-retired…
Dean didn’t look the least bit abashed as his hand—the one he’d used to make Castiel come, his soulbond even more scarlet with the warmth on his shoulders and arms, fingers still slick and shiny—meandered downwards. He leaned back in the sofa, a display of shocking temptation as he slid his fingers quite obviously into his underwear, just a few inches from Castiel’s face.
Dean licked his lips as if following the curve of Castiel’s tongue. As he touched himself, the band around his wrist was flushed even brighter with the heat of him, and his eyes were a glorious shine of darkness edged with just the slightest hint of green.
organic, if there’s such a thing. According to the data they have, they’ll never make it to the mountains before they cross the edge of the landscape, if they’re going in the right direction—more of Purgatory’s fucking physics—but they should look up, because there have been angels spotted coming out of the mountains. Angels, as in
(It’s terrible that he knows exactly what Cas would say—“Actually, Dean, global warming progresses proportional to environmental damage, so it’s actually quite rapid.” And Dean Winchester, of all people, really shouldn’t be betting
. Because if the best friend I’d ever had couldn’t accept that about me, couldn’t think the best of me even in so innocent a setting… who could?” Cas meets his gaze head-on, no matter how much Dean wants to look away, and his eyes are steady and dark and drowning. “Who could care about me when they found out I was a… a freak?”
(Sam—Assistant District Attorney Samuel Winchester, J.D., of the state of California—is in the audience, rocking on the edge of one of the folding chairs. Castiel thinks he’s even taller and more imposing than he looked in pictures—or he would be if his beaming smile weren’t so clearly visible, head and shoulders above most of the other family members here to celebrate the 256-person trainee class.)
, not hang around in this weird half-life until the fucking universe decides they’re ready. There’s nothing to do
Those memories aren’t ever going to go away, Dean knows. He wouldn’t have wanted them to, even when they hurt—back when he thought that memories were all he was going to have left of Bobby. There’s something weird and right about talking to him about this now.
(Cecaelia Castiel, by the way, is very offended at his sea-arms being called ‘tentacles.’ His mating organ is called a cotylus, thank you very much!)
Castiel shrugged. “Meg claims that it’s not uncommon for women to fake pleasure. And I didn’t want you to do that.”
means,” he continued, with a sigh too big for his slender shoulders and a wryness too deep for his age. Sam frowned and looked up at him. “Wait,
“You sure as hell better, Sammy,” he answers, “’Cause I’m nothing but trouble, and all I’m ever gonna do is drag you down.”
of, it was Rowena. She might be a tiny little woman who powdered her face and painted her lips and wore imported silks that no one else in Eden bothered with… but she wore them like armor, not like a frippery. Anyone with any sense was a little wary of Rowena.
Dean hasn’t entirely worked out yet how much of that is because Cas really does need to get out more—metaphorically, not literally; sometimes he really
, because it was fucking February and the only way Dean could feel like he wasn’t sweating his balls off was to have the windows thrown open. He sighed. “I’m really sorry, man.”
hanging over his head that he’d never get to enjoy his perfect happiness—is messing with Dean’s head.
and would never be a dragonrider. It was a fact that Uriel had not skimped on impressing upon him. The man had been tailor to the Weyrs since before Castiel had been born, and he came after every Hatching ceremony to measure the newest riders and re-fit anyone who’d outgrown their riding breeches.
After a long moment, Dean’s lips tick upwards in a small, embarrassed smile. “Guess you might,” he murmurs—a low thrum that thrills at the base of Castiel’s spine at the way Dean’s eyes lower.
Oh, yeah? “What stake do you have in this, anyway?” Dean demands, barking out a laugh. “You think it’s fun, playing soldier? S’not like
“I mean, sure, buddy, hell, I’ll never say no to splitting a pie. But what’s wrong with having some leftovers for after?” Dean asks, instead of what he’s thinking. Which is ‘come over, come to my place, we’ll have pizza whenever you want.’
But if Cas hadn’t come into his powers, there’s a good chance all three of them would still be on the street, scratching or thieving out a living, the way they used to.
No more angel dust coming through the Rift—no reopening the Gate. No more connection to Purgatory. Cas knows all of that, probably a hell of a lot better than Dean himself.
“I separated the bronzes,” he reported, standing at attention in front of his mother’s desk. “All the eggs feel healthy. Novak seems very pleased.”
Impress a green,” he snapped. “Then even if you become a Candidate with the next batch, I won’t have to deal with you, I’ll already be flying with a Wing.”
thinks he knows a damned thing about hunting? You tell ‘im, Winchester. I bet between us and your dad, we can get a
He wraps a hand around the base of Cas’s cock, enjoying the fit of him in his palm before he goes to town, just licks all over him, a little sloppy and a little wet, with a tiny bite right at the base of him because it makes Cas squeak. His lips push Cas’s foreskin down his length—yeah, figuring how to deal with
Eileen snorts, and puts one hand on the round shelf of her belly, raising the other one to sign. “The
(It’s officially called the Henricksen Project. It was supposed to be the Henricksen-Winchester Project, but first of all, that’s a mouthful. Second of all… yeah,
Sam's eyes were stained red and his expression was fierce and furious. But Dean… Dean's face was flat and colorless and he seemed to have aged into adulthood overnight. He, who loved to sing, who danced and shimmied ridiculously about as he baked, didn't raise his voice when the Weyr and the dragons sang their goodbyes at the funeral.
So when Cas straightens to his full height—which didn’t even work on Dean back in those pissy faraway and thankfully really brief days when Cas
Impala’s head lifted high, eyes swirling green as he crooned an excited greeting; he lifted the canopy of his wings and folded them all the way back with a snap like a lady’s fan, leaving Dean squinting in the afternoon sunlight. “Hey!” Dean complained.
“Thanks,” Sam mutters, starting to brush himself off. The little lights on his shoulders shine cheerfully in neat, unbroken rings.
Castiel rolled his eyes. He was so used to Dean’s indignance that it made less of an impression on him than the rain had on those newly-hatched dragonets. “Why are you out here in the rain? Why aren’t you outside the Rookery, waiting for Sam to come back out?”
Dean doesn’t actually have an answer for that that isn’t denying it or laughing—and he doesn’t really feel that much like laughing when there’s an even chance it’s going to come out as hysterics—so he just shrugs and picks himself up off the hard ground, stretching out his back and sticking a hand underneath the hem of his shirt to scratch his belly.
Castiel’s not sure what any of that has to do with anything. “I’m aware,” Cas answers, dryly, thumbing tears away from the corners of his eyes and shaking his head. “I’ve run across the website for Busty Asian Beauties on yours accidentally, though, and it was
They’ll sit with their crew at lunch. Cas has aikido in the afternoon, and Dean’ll take the bus to work. There’s a half loaf of bread on the countertop and Dean sprung for two cans of Spam the last time they went shopping—he always thought it was a little gross by itself, really salty and squishy. He’ll eat it, but it’s not his favorite. But Nate said his mom makes it sliced up, fried with some sugar until the edges get crispy, and that sounded really good…
Dean chuckles at a passage. “I’ve seen a lot of weird shit,” he mutters, tapping the side to turn the page, “but I’ve never dealt with a house with five legs. Had drinks with this Russian guy, Dmitri, who claims he met the Baba Yaga, though…”
“Doctor Novak is in a meeting with Agent Henricksen, Chief Adler and the General, discussing your progress,” Joshua answers, calmly, as he starts up the projector. “He
“How do you feel about Japanese subtitles?” Cas asks, very seriously. “I think that you might really enjoy Cowboy Bebop.”
The kid’s wrapped in a dark green blanket that looks like it weighs more than she does, and has thick dark hair that looks like she licked a light socket. She can’t be more than a few weeks old, but what the hell does Dean know? Her skin is so fine and thin he can see the veins under her eyelids.
Dean laughs. “Man, you gotta watch this. Steve McQueen wanted to act in it so bad he staged a car accident and faked being injured to get out of another movie.” He plops Cas onto Sam’s bed with a bottle of guava Jarritos—Cas has never had one, but they’ve really grown on Dean—as he turns on the TV. They’re just in time to hear the familiar theme start up. Dean sort of wishes he bought that box of microwave popcorn he was looking at the last time he got groceries, but it would have been the choice between that and three cans of soup.
“You know. You’ve only ever stood for a Hatching with Novak’s babies, all these years,” his brother clarified.
, not really, other than him and Joshua.” To everyone else, they’re a slightly banged-up tool that they’ve got to use because they’ve got nothing else.
“Yes,” Cas answers—but he also bends over beside him and, to Dean’s surprise, gives Dean his first kiss of the night, a slow, sweet slant of a thing.
No one says anything to contradict Dean’s announcement. They just start laying out their bedrolls. Dad nods, once. Garth meets Dean’s eyes, and solemnly offers him another piece of wrapped jerky from his pack. “Pepper flavor,” he says. “For later.”
Dean thought the bright blue had looked pretty nice on Cas, but what the fuck did he know about anyone’s complexion anyway? Claire probably thought the shallow V-neck looked good on him, anyway, ‘cause the next shirt she brought him was cut like that, too. But colored
orange juice in his fridge… yeah, Charlie’s really the best. “Message on his phone in the middle of dinner?”
caused by wood pulp degradation over time, but it’s much more likely to be lignin rather than mold.”
But he got to drive away and know that everyone left behind was going to be just fine, that they’d forget him. He didn’t leave behind pyres and burning bodies.
“You can still do that, though. After,” Cas says softly. It’s weird to hear that harsh, raspy voice sounding so gentle… but it does.
“I’m sorry,” Cas says a little helplessly, reaching out to pull her away by cupping his hand around her whole body. But she screeches a complaint that makes Dean’s ears ring and comes scampering right back, starting to pick at the label. “She likes the noise her beak makes against the glass.”
for Dean’s tongue. Cas’s tight, responsive body was a freakin’ miracle (and no, Dean didn’t give a damn that that was just how omega bodies were supposed to work; it was how
His tongue curled against it, and for an awful, stomach-twisting second Dean wasn’t sure he wanted it or not: the meat was fatty and salty, some kind of blend of fancy cuts he wouldn’t have been able to distinguish if his nose hadn’t been so sensitive at this moment. It had been cooked to rare, small chunks of it moist and rich. No cheese. It almost shoved against his senses, and he had to hold his breath for a second and stop chewing—he never knew if his rut was going to make him starving, or make him so hungry he was sick to his stomach and couldn’t keep things down.
Cas shakes his head. Dean’s not sure how he can tell that the little smile curving around his lips goes wider, but it does. It’s probably the fact that it’s never that dark in the motel room, with the carport lights outside shining through the thin curtains. “I don’t mind. Good night,” Cas whispers back.
Sam’s the smart one: he’s the one who’s got the little handheld scanner to record the numbers from their travel and let them figure out where they’re supposed to be heading. Jo has the backup. And Garth has the spectrometer that’ll let them take samples of shit to find out if it’s toxic to them…
“To ease the way,” Castiel said, trying for casual and not quite making it, from the tremor of his own voice. “A thicker lubricant. With a little sweet almond oil mixed into it, for… soothing. Because of the friction.”
Lisa was sprawled out on the sand, looking dazed, a bruise already starting to purple on her cheek. One other Candidate—Castiel thought her name was Gwen, but he couldn’t remember—clutched at an arm that was dripping blood down her fingertips, rocking herself and sobbing, staring at the crimson pool matting the sand underneath her. The seven other remaining female Candidates either stood against each other, clutching at each other, or else they just stared. Ambriel crouched on the ground and cried silent tears. The glittering fragments of the golden eggshell sparkled wet in the sun.
Little scratch marks decorated the legs of her leathers all the way up to the thigh. Which, of course, was part of the reason why dragonriders
being unfair, not letting Dean say so much as a word. Castiel didn’t have many friends, but letting one of them blame himself for something that wasn’t his fault wasn’t what friends did to each other. He understood that.
,” Dean hissed, and crouched to grab up a rock, holding it up and ready to throw. He hadn’t grabbed his sling—he should’ve, but he hadn’t wanted to make too much noise.
But when he floats back down, his head spinning, Cas doesn’t look disappointed. Hell, Cas's hand is still moving in gorgeous long strokes up and down himself, and he’s got that amazing smile on his lips again.
. His voice is harsh and snappish and a little mean when he says, “He, uh. Don’t be. He made his… he…”
Dean’s not sure the same can be said for that giant nag that Sam’s on: her eyes are rolling and white all around, and now her hips are moving in little threatening hops. Which is saying something when she’s a horse big enough to carry
“What?” he asked, but Dean had already turned back towards his countertop, quickly enough that his bench scraper grated hard on the surface.
After a moment, Cas’s shoulders dip and hunch in a way that Dean hasn’t seen happen in… a while. Months. His hand falls back to his side. He’s just close enough that his eyes flick towards Dean, and Dean can’t even blame him for the way he looks a little bewildered and a little hurt, now.
Dean’s not sure why Cas doesn’t want his parents to know about school bullshit like Bartholomew… well, or maybe he does get it, ‘cause if he got himself beat up at school, his dad would sure as hell be mad and embarrassed. And
And, lastly, the one Completely Unrelated to Anything Else Human AU (and, strangely, the one of all the 31 that has seemed to be the most popular):
“Are you coming?” he asked Cas, with that familiar, peaceful smile on his face—like he already knew the answer.
“Whoa, that a dragonet in your belly or are you happy to see me?” Dean asked, grinning and sinking down to crouch at Castiel’s side, wrapping one arm around his shins for balance. He held out the piece of warm bread and dangled it tantalizingly between the fingertips of his other hand. Castiel reached out and took it eagerly, feeling his mouth already starting to water. Dean’s eyes narrowed just slightly. “Buddy, you been skipping meals again?”
Dean clears his throat. “Sure,” he answers, because anything else he wants to say is too naked. “Uh… I never, um. Made one for anyone either.” They’re two fucking thirty-two-year-old men sitting and blushing at each other from halfway across the country. Jesus
Dean smiles and checks their compass—there’s no real road out here, but the tornado’s debris and winds wiped out what little path there was—and listens with half an ear to his nerds nerding out.
it. Or right smack onto the next angel in the flight. Right now, according to Cas, only the landing zone, where both the first two expeditions made landfall, is a stable enough ground that they
By the time Bobby sauntered up to him, coming into Novak’s and Angel’s cave without any apparent concern about the fact that Angel’s temper had been, to put it kindly,
Maybe Cas is a little more drunk than he’s letting on, because he cocks his head and pouts, his upper lip with that deep, delicious little dip in the top poking out over the bottom one. This asshole fucking
could hardly imagine being so caught up in lust that he’d want to have sex with multiple people. Most days, he couldn’t imagine being so caught up in lust that he’d want to have sex with
It was certainly one of the things that hadn’t occurred to him when he’d been younger, but as he’d gotten older, the thought had had less and less appeal. Most dragons
Yeah, because that skin is really sensitive. “Why… here?” Dean asks, touching a letter with the pad of his finger.
They are in the bunker. They are in Dean’s bedroom: Castiel recognizes the guns and swords on the wall, the little pictures on the desk, the crowded flutter of hunting paraphernalia and the pile of dirty laundry shoved into the corner, behind the closed door.
“Yeah, we’re the most delightful d-bags ever to come out of Kansas,” Dean grunts, hunching lower in his seat. “Hey, you guys want snacks? I’m gonna stop for snacks.”
Cas raises his chin, proudly, firmly. “I’ll go,” he says. When he turns away and reaches for a long beige trench coat hanging on the back of the door, Dean realizes that he can breathe again. “Someone has to keep you miscreants from getting drunk before you go on a mission to
on anything, other than when she was wrestling with other dragons as a baby hatchling, had rather a difficult time actually
Dean's here. This isn’t Purgatory. This isn’t demon poison. Or maybe it is, and this is what people see when they’re about to go apeshit: something they want, something they never thought they could have.
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean says, breezily. He clicks his tongue, and Miracle hops to his side, relieving Castiel of the effort of fighting off the impending tongue bath. “You just love you an angel, don’t you, Miracle? Yeah, you do.”
“You really think you should be bragging about knowing how to kill people? Seriously, I always wonder if the FBI tags people like you on their watch lists ‘cause of all the weird stuff you’re always researching,” Dean muses.
noise that he made before Cas broke, and that absolute sonofabitch flopped down on his back and started
Yeah, that doesn’t even hurt. Dean being in love with his freakin’ best friend has got absolutely diddly squat to do with how good Dean is at being a Sentinel—and he’s very
Neither did Dean—or Heather, for that matter, sitting with them—but none of the rest of them actually came to the game with a little
Anyway, motels are noisy. It really doesn’t matter if Cas bouncing like that kind of makes it sound a little like… uh.
? He has a voice like whiskey and a smile that’s tiny and shy. Cas—Castiel—is a little sarcastic, and stupidly smart, with a habit of rattling off about whatever brainy topic has caught his mind—comets, giraffes, Southeast Asian fruits,
Jack looks up at him, wide-eyed. The fact that he doesn’t slam the laptop screen shut just tells Dean that the kid’s got a
He doesn’t have any reason to believe Blue-Eyes. For all he knows, hell, it’s just another play against the stupid new guy. But there’s something about the flash of hurt there, the way the kid’s skinny, angled face went puckered-up and shocked before it flattened out into calm again, that makes Dean pretty sure he’s telling the truth..
like smoke-grey plain as far as the eye could see, almost claustrophobic in just how bare and stony and completely flat it was… they must’ve just crossed over the border of the landing zone and into the second landscape.
“Dean, this is Grace,” Cas says very seriously, holding his pet out into the space between them. “Grace Honeybee.”
Dean doesn’t know who the first media asshole is that named the first shadow “Archangel Michael,” but he’d like to fuck up the guy’s face.
The apparent genuineness of the offer almost felled him, and not just him; far away, almost outside of the range of his awareness, he felt Angel's wings jerk and the quick jolt of freefall for just a moment before she righted herself with an indignant yelp and an undignified flutter. And then snapped at a brown that had rushed forward in her apparent moment of distraction.
“I can’t believe…” he says, and trails off again. His long fingers gently worry at the corner of the book, where Dean knows there’s a dog-ear in the cover that’s dangling by a couple of threads.
His mother turned back towards him more sharply in the silence and met his eyes again. People told them they looked alike—certainly in coloration, he resembled her more than any of his other siblings—but Castiel had never been able to see it, himself. He straightened as her blue eyes skimmed him dispassionately.
General Novak, because that woman’s more on their side than she lets on. Maybe it’s just because the cat’s out of the bag, now, but when the first articles start getting blasted all over the media, she doesn’t try to cover it up. She doesn’t seem all too surprised, either. Not only does she put them and all ‘registered hunters’ up on retainer if they want to be, she puts the four of them up for
Impala lifted himself and started sauntering over towards where Angel was smugly licking her claws clean, his head held high and his ear horns perked, tail-tips swaying sinuously back and forth around him. Castiel would—a little grudgingly—admit that Imp did have an especially nice tail: like Novak’s, his was split almost all the way up to his hindquarters, giving him particular turning mobility in the air. (Not, Castiel added firmly to himself, that Angel had ever seemed to have any trouble with that; she just tended to use her tail more like the drawings he’d seen of a ship’s rudder, that was all.)
“Hey, that’s not nice,” Dean says firmly, putting the dildo out of his mind. It’s just… okay, so Cas has a dildo. No big deal, he’s an adult. Yeah, the visual of Cas backing himself onto it, all slick with soap and lube, is just about as hot as
“You’re right,” Dean said, over his shoulder, his voice half a sneer. “Yeah, you’re right. It was dragonfever. I’d never have fuckin’ done it if not for that. Who’d want to pull that shit with you anyway? Not anyone who knows you at all, that’s for sure.”
, he always said; the only reason he shaved at all was that he hated the way longer facial hair itched. The shadowy knot of his Adam’s apple; the curve of that fucking
The look that little snippet gets him is unimpressed. Casteel—Castiel, right, right—turns back to his book and his sandwich, all done with his introduction. Which Dean still hasn’t done in return, goddammit. Should have done that before asking him about his book. Right. Right. What the hell is wrong with him?
Cas studies him. “Well. You’re still an asshole, I see,” he observes. But one corner of his mouth turns up, like a tiny, shaky kiss. Jesus Christ, look at that. Turns out, he’s still got that soft little smile that still does that
Actually, perhaps that’s not true. He’s not sure he’s believed in the goodness of people as a whole, as an
“Yeah, yeah, I got it, I got it,” Dean says, rolling his eyes. He swings off Impala’s back and snatches his sword off its carry-strap and swings it onto his back, fumbling in his saddlebags for a thick stick of chalk and the bag of salt. “
“I wish I knew,” Cas answers, with a low, inelegant rattle of a grunt. “It hardly matters. He can mumble about ‘resources’ and ‘allocation’ all he likes. You and your people are here, and you are here to stay. I
Cas is rock-hard, curving up towards his belly, and dripping wet, silky precome gathering at his slit where it’s peeking out of his foreskin.
Dean snorts and keeps turning their dinner so it doesn’t burn. He pokes the potatoes away from a lick of flame threatening to catch the fat. “Yeah, so? Sure, the guy can rip the clouds down like they’re curtains, but half the time I think he’d forget to put his boots back on if he didn’t get reminded.” And he uses his stick to points at Cas’s boots, flopped empty next to his saddlebags.
And next to it—just far enough that Dean is going to have to sit up if he wants it—a steaming mug of coffee.
seemed to have any pocket money set aside for himself. It always went to supplies. (Or to Sam.) Castiel looked down and patted his pocket just to make sure he had put his wallet into it.
“You can put your hands on my shoulders if you’re havin’ trouble keeping your balance,” Dean said, glancing up and resting both hands on the crests of Castiel’s hips, looking so self-satisfied that Castiel wanted to lick it off his face. The soft feather of rough thumbs against the creases of his hipbones teased along his senses.
Castiel spends his first day after he gives Dean the short story in an energetic jitter that he hasn’t had since he submitted his first novel draft to an editor.
“Andrea?” Dean asks, quietly, his mouth going bitter-sour. Shit. There was a portal that opened not far from Baton Rouge, but he didn’t realize…
Cas watches movies like Sam does—he doesn’t talk, just leans forward towards the TV, though he does turn his head a little bit to listen as Dean points out his favorite of the seven—Britt, of course, he’s a
Yep, Dean can feel their stomachs squishing together; they’re gonna be stuck together in a truly disgusting fashion tomorrow if they don’t get up and clean off. Dean doesn’t really give a crap. Maybe Sam can unglue them. It’d serve Sammy right, for all the times Dean’s had to watch him and Eileen being cute as shit together.
Dean pulls off when the taste of salt starts getting thick in his mouth, and three long strokes of his hand later Cas is crying out and letting go—and there’s no other word for it, the abandon in it as his body arcs off the bed, so damned
“Angels do,” Castiel answers, “but we don’t care very much what they’re called. Or, really, what they taste like. I learned about lignin in the L chapter of a reference book on organic compounds.”
But other than a few rustles, the plants don’t bother them as they start walking—picking nervously around the plants at first when they can, the cart bumping along behind them, but when nothing happens, everyone relaxes a little. By the middle of the day, the sky is almost white but the temperature’s no different than when they started, and the hum around them sounds like a pond surrounded by ducks. Jo and Garth are laughing together, in front of Dean. Dean’s dad has tail, and he’s not bothering to say anything about noise discipline here—what’s the point? Eventually, Sam starts to hang back.
Castiel chuckled and lounged back against the blood-warm surface of her side. He rubbed at the lines that his riding harness had bitten into his legs, massaging the feeling back into them. “No, thank you, that’s for you.”
playing on Dean’s flatscreen when he comes out of the shower in sweatpants and an AC/DC t-shirt so worn the collar is fraying and he can stick his thumb through the holes in the seams.
inclined to be nice about it, and he found them all very bratty. Cute, but bratty. With very sharp little teeth and egg-claws that hadn’t fallen off yet.
And then some days something makes Dean laugh, and he still automatically tosses over his shoulder, “Hey, Cas—” all ready to explain the joke to a squinty-eyed dark-haired overpowered firefly.
“I don’t understand what you mean by that,” Castiel complained, half-turning. “A breadbasket isn’t very large—”
“Are you alright?” Two days later, Cas’s voice is thinner, alarmed. “When Agent Henricksen was giving report, I overheard—”
Dean follows the very tip of Cas’s tongue as it flicks out nervously and kisses at the corner of his full, pink mouth. But he answers, “Oh… it’s a Japanese martial art. Purely self-defense. Conditioning, flexibility… using the whole body. Learning how to break a fall and not hurt yourself. That’s why it’s good for anyone, not just someone who’s big or strong.” He tilts up one of his tiny smiles, just the corners of his eyes and a curl of his lips, and raises a hand to the side of his head. “I fell anyway, though, so I guess I need more practice.”
The whites of Dean’s eyes were stained bloodshot, and they were rimmed with tiredness. His lovely little secret freckles were bleached out by the darkness and the pallor of his skin. The pink of his mouth was obscenely lush in contrast. Castiel wanted to cup his face between his hands. He wanted to dip his thumb into the soft part between his lips. He wanted…
confusing. That happened sometimes with Dean, who liked to repeat things that he heard from other people—songs and limericks and stories that Castiel didn’t know; Castiel didn’t understand how he
He’d seen a small colony of fire lizards spitting fire into the air as they chased off birds from their nest, but when the dragonfire hit the coiling dark of the demons, it sent up sparks of bright rainbows in a shower of light. The smoke crumpled in its wake like a string that had gotten cut, falling to the ground. It was gone—dissolved into nothing more than breath—before it got there.
“I considered it quite a compliment, all told. She never said so, but I suspect at one point Jo had quite a crush on you?”
Cas is quiet, walking along beside him, in a comfortable way that became familiar again a little too quickly. It’s nice, the silence, and it shouldn’t be. Dean thinks about filling the space up with more chatter, but when he opens his mouth, well… there’s nothing that comes out. Nothing that wants to.
Dean grumbles and puts his hand on the little whirlpool to stop it from swirling. The sand clings and plucks at his fingers for a few seconds, but when he looks back down, it's a normal handprint. D. Winchester Was Here, he writes, with his fingertip.  “Uh, we're... not sure about that?” he says. “Every so often there's this popping noise that comes up from under the sand near one of the, uh, tree-things... well, I mean, we weren't exactly gonna hang around to figure out what was coming out of them, but it could be a flame spurt. I guess. Maybe that's what causes the lace things to form. Sam's gonna send you the readings.”
The man peering around at them from just over Henricksen’s shoulder is a little shorter than Dean; Dean’s got no issue with that, most men aren’t the Tyrannosaurus Rex that he calls his little brother. But
Castiel answered, looking up from where he was putting wet washcloths on top of the one baby dragon egg that had a crinkle in it, from where another egg had been resting on top of it too hard. It was too hot to touch for long, but he gave it one little pat so the baby inside would know he was there. “You talk
“Bet you could ask Bobby,” Dean suggests. “We’re supposed to check in with him tomorrow.” Dad’s last phone call the other day said not to try and reach him again unless it’s an emergency, so he’s deep in. “Do you have the phone card?”
“Nice,” Dean says, impressed despite himself. He turns the rabbits on the v-branches of the spit. “I guess you are actually learning something useful in school.” The crackle and hiss when the thin, hot fat drips onto the potatoes sends up a smell that makes Dean’s mouth water.
on Cas. “I was seventeen,” he repeats, trying not to sound as tired as he suddenly feels, and he doesn’t even know who he’s pissed-off
Oh, fuck. Dean fumbles for his Colt, but where the fuck is it? Nothing feels right, what the hell is he wearing, where’s his
all the way down to his toes.  And the growing tension of the smile tastes good on Cas’s lips—it tastes
The thing about Dean’s body when he was in rut was that so many of the things he normally enjoyed just
This is what he does, though. Dean might be a blunt instrument, but at least he’s a blunt instrument honed for protection. He’s a
my beloved, but… yes. This is Grace.” Cas gestures towards his shoulder with a flick of long fingers. And, like he feels this needs to be spelled out, “She’s my darling, but she’s definitively not a girlfriend.”
He’s awake, but blinking, sleepy, like Dean turning over and grunting into his pillow, the way a guy just does when he’s got memory foam under him and no apocalypse in front of his face, was what woke him up.
Cared? Why the past tense? Why… “Why does this sound like goodbye?” Dean says—shaky. Alarmed. Then, as he tries to push up, to take a step forwards towards Cas, and he can’t fucking
Castiel shook his head and looked over the sands. He glanced over at Novak, who was nosing away the eggshells and absently lipping up some of the pieces with soft crunches. She’d shed right before the Hatching, and her skin looked more like metal than ever—summer-beautiful, a wall of gold and pearl stretched around the edge of the hatching ground. She seemed very content.
“I didn’t know,” Cas answered, then frowned. “Or maybe I… do? Or did? That sounds familiar.” He shook his head. “I don’t remember.” His eyes, for a moment, flashed white blue. The measuring tape went rigid as a stick and clattered to the floor. “Oh! I’m sorry.”
on anything that wasn’t Baby. And then when it arrived to the Lebanon P.O. Box Dean shoved it under the bed to keep the dust bunnies company.
. Anyway, um. You know Dean. Just because he can’t say it, doesn’t mean he can’t do it.” He shrugs, as if unaware that he is rearranging Castiel’s entire world. “He’s always been more about the doing, anyway, hasn’t he? So if someone’s gonna say something, it’s going to have to be you.”
Dean’s lips moved against the little knob at the base of Castiel’s nape, and Castiel’s breath jerked out in a shocked
But Dean looks into the camera in the light source, just once, and raises his palm in what’s almost a wave. Then he looks away.
Aiyah. So... how many people thought Castiel would Impress at his last Hatching Ceremony? I'm sorry! *runs away from potential rotten fruit*
about it until the news about ‘Grace’ made all of Dean’s hopes come crashing down. The more fool him.
“Dean,” Sam groans, but he’s laughing, too. After a moment, Sam turns the page, and more words—a different hand this time, not Sam’s crabby chicken scrawl—start appearing. “Oh. They’ve assigned me a Sentinel, too! In… Smith County? Wow. I guess that
(In many ways, Castiel prefers this. He’s lived through shootouts and car chases. Just because he’s capable of composure under fire doesn’t mean that he
His big hands flail around on Dean's shoulders like he doesn’t know where to put them. When Dean pauses, he all-but-growls “Do not stop, don't
Their storm-net was ratty around the corners, but it still glowed a steady white around the edges when Dean hung it up over the mouth of their shelter, stuffing the top edge in between some rocks. Sam was almost old enough that he could probably go the Magisterium and claim one for his own. He wouldn’t, though. Wouldn’t take the risk that someone would ask why his parents or guardian weren’t doing it for him.
here, but since they’re sending waves across the planes rather than up-up-and-away, they seem to attract demon attention like sending up flares. No one needs that shit.
Dean crosses his arms and tips back in his chair, staring him straight in the eyes. He’s not going to dignify that with an answer. Cas forgets that sometimes Dean arrives when Cas is on the phone with Science Geek Number 210 at Ye Olde Grande University Medical Center. And Cas has told him about going to body farms for research. (Gross. Okay, cool. But still gross.) Cas takes the little sciency details in his ‘fiction’
on the inside of her forearm. He doesn’t think he could really say anything anyway, not with how hard his heart is beating in his ears. Hearing Cas’s words again in Jack’s lighter, softer voice—that’s going to fuck Dean up, he knows it. He never looked up what was written on his skin.
“Wha—no!” Dean protests. (Shit. Was that a guess, or did Cas remember that? How the fuck could he possibly remember that?) “I only—that was just what was on the motel TV sometimes, man, you knew we only got five channels on that thing!”
But there’s something about the way Dean’s dad is watching him, even over the mouth of his whiskey tumbler, that makes something cold and wary go slipping down Dean’s back.
That made Castiel blink. The sweat cleared from where it was blurring his eyes. “A… pie?” he asked, turning to look at his best friend.
“Sex is a really bad idea right now, Cas,” Dean warned. Then he goddamned had to reach down and readjust, because even just saying the
Castiel swallowed, and it came out rough and gritty. But at least his face was dry. “Thank you,” he said quietly. But his voice bounced up and down. “I…”
Castiel jumped. It was on the tip of his tongue to scold—Novak was still exhausted, more than she normally would have been a few days after laying her eggs. Those who lived in Eden should know better than to startle or disturb her—and not just for
Dean knows. Cas only gets sent out for the worst-case scenarios, things it might take a whole team of storm-mages to handle. It used to be that he’d go once every few months and then do little bits of cleanup in between. Just for fun. Now? They can hardly ride fast enough to make it to the next site before the lightning and thunder starts. “But goddammit, Cas, there’s a whole fucking
as a hatchling: eighty percent tail, five percent attitude, and a smattering of teeth—with his dark coloration and coppery wings and jewel-bright gaze, he was almost as cute as Angel. (Yes, Castiel was well aware he was biased, but that didn’t mean it wasn’t
Cas doesn’t do public appearances, never has—even his interviews are all responses in print, through a list of questions delivered through Charlie. A tiny, selfish part of Dean is glad for that.
Dean looks up and smiles, flashing all his teeth. He knows it’s a little crazy. He’s glad it is, ‘cause that’s probably what’s keeping him sane, here in Purgatory.
Dean straightens up, puts his shoulders back, and flashes a smile in all directions—just like he told Sammy to do. Fake it ‘til they make it; most of the time they don’t even have to make it that far. One girl smiles back, a bit shaky—a cute brunette, with hair in a high ponytail, a button-down, a skirt in pleats to her knees. Well, that’s all that Dean needs, for now. He tries on a wink for size, and she giggles and turns her back before she starts whispering to her group of friends, tossing him little glances over her shoulder. Heh.
“Shut up,” Dean says, jabbing him in the middle of the chest—and then reaching up to put his fingers on the knot at Cas’s throat again, grabbing it tight. “You shut the fuck up. We’re here. And I am
John had made his opinion on ‘sleepovers’ very clear at the end of last year: they were a fanciful thing that only small children could have. “Dean needs to grow up,” he’d announced. Dean and Sam weren’t permitted to stay over with Castiel anymore the way they had so many times in their younger years. Castiel’s mother had refused to intervene in that decision—as he’d known she would.
Dean took over the rock of it—just barely moving where his cock was wedged, still trapped in his boxers, between the round cheeks of Cas’s ass no matter how much his body howled for more, more, more. The inside of his mouth was sour with wanting to just angle them both and bury himself inside his mate. He wasn’t gonna be able to keep this up for long, but maybe…
He has no fucking explanation for the thread of orange, ugly jealousy that tightens the base of his stomach. Dean’s not the only one who gets to make Cas laugh—and not just those tiny little chuckles where he drops his lashes and his mouth goes firm and warm and full, but a real one, like that.
with an answer. “Hey, Huggybear,” Dean calls over his shoulder. Cas is just barely in his line of sight, too far away for a normal human to hear Dean’s call to dinner, but Cas is about as far as it comes from ‘normal human.’ “Dinner’s gonna be on soon, you wanna stop making out with wind spirits and get your ass over here?”
Would that be so bad, though? Wouldn't they both still get what they wanted out of this all the same? It would be such a relief to say yes—to give in. To let himself
“Well, then, okay, you said it,” Dean answers. “If you’re not gonna change, then I’m pretty sure I’m gonna keep thinking you’re you, and you’re pretty awesome as, you know, you.” Dean grinned, crooked. “Can’t guarantee
know Dean knows exactly what ‘incorrigible’ means (sometimes it’s not fun being with someone Dean can’t fool with acting dumb; he can still get away with it with Sam, though).
“Oh, please.” Cas laughs, and if it’s a little broken, a little crackly with what might be more than interference, it sounds like he means it. “For that? I’ll make you wear a costume,” he threatens.
on Cas to keep him from wandering out into it, his eyes wide and glittering as he stared at the funnel dipping down like a finger from the sky.
Maybe there was something preying on the mind of both of the brothers. Something had changed with Dean, too, lately, but Castiel didn’t know what it was. He didn’t
“Yeah,” Dean agrees softly. The little pit in his stomach unknots itself a little bit. It’s hard to feel down when Cas sounds so excited. He should be. “Kevin’s a really smart kid.”
Michael’s surprised glance down at Castiel’s position on the floor suggested that he hadn’t known any of that (which, well, of course he wouldn’t, because he didn’t know Castiel at all). But he looked away quickly. “This is all moot. The Council has already decided that the best course of action—” he began, and Castiel’s breath caught with horror and shock.
Then the tip of Dean’s tongue prodded carefully right into his slit, sparking all the way down Castiel’s spine like
“Besides, I couldn’t let you show me up after that display you put on in my kitchen, now could I?” Dean continued, looking about as smug as a man with his face smeared with Castiel’s own seed could be. “You like?”
It's only when they stop, Dean panting wetly into the heavy black fabric of the protective face mask, his goggles spattered with pollen, that he realizes that his legs are trembling from someone else’s weight on him. He doesn’t know how long they were moving, or, hell, where—with how fucking hard it is to balance someone’s dead weight on his shoulder while making his way through the trampled path of everyone in front of him, Dean had to take drag. Hell, it took all he had to keep putting one foot in front of the other, and when they stop, he almost runs headfirst into Benny.
Dean didn’t look like he agreed with that, so Castiel turned his shoulder towards his best friend with a roll of his eyes and—very carefully—reached out his arms towards Garth.
Castiel couldn’t even pretend that there had been some mistake when Lollipop had picked him as a Candidate, the first time: every year, when the dragons went out to look for Candidates, at least one approached him, their eyes gold and swirling with excitement, tail swishing happily. Even when their rider looked at Castiel and just sighed.
Dean rolls his eyes. “No, genius, with your toes. Yeah, with magic. This way, no one gets their fingers burnt off trying to get them back out of the fire.” Not that
He looks at Dean, and thinks that he still looks so beautiful, even careworn and afraid, with the years and the fears worn into his face, now. Dean’s soul is patched with pain and streaked with sorrow, but it is still as fine as the first time that Castiel saw it gleaming in Hell. It’s no longer easy for him to see it—as faded and weak as Castiel is, he has to strain the shallow boundaries of his grace to turn his eyes in that direction—but he allows himself the indulgence of it.
There’s a hint of the way Cas’s voice arcs a little higher when he’s smiling, like not even that voice of his can dive so deep when the corners of his mouth curl up that way. “Oh. You know I would. And I could.”
Just the idea of being in a crowded illegal warehouse with people who are high and fooling around with glowsticks under blacklight makes Dean want to shiver. He’s never gonna go near that kind of shit without a whole
Cas doesn’t have a stitch on under the covers. Well, of course he doesn’t; he doesn’t bother to put clothes on after they have sex—and he still questions why Dean does, as if
Cas frowns at him. “I… I’m not entirely sure about that,” he answers. “I’m not a cupid. But… maybe.” He sighs and shakes his head. Dean’s shoulder… he doesn’t even know
He’d watched and cheered in two other Hatchings that he remembered (and one that he didn’t, where people told him he’d been sitting on his mother’s shoulders and trying to pet Novak’s face). He knew that the most important thing for a Candidate to do was to stand tall and not be afraid; baby dragons
them, is watching. Jesus fucking Christ, really? The guys in military uniform who’re eyeing them and grinning aren’t even
“You are,” Cas sighed in response to that, and, because he’s an asshole, nuzzled the shivery little spot at the back of Dean’s neck as he curled around him, his knee slipping in between Dean’s thighs. “You really are. God help me.”
They get their report cards a week later. Dean ends up tucking his away in an inner pocket of his backpack. He’ll probably throw it away eventually. He knows his dad won’t care about it.
Castiel swallows his love, again, and it feels familiar going down—achy and quiet. It settles in his core like a smooth pebble dropped in the middle of a pool, not leaving many ripples behind it. Dean’s soul, inside him, twirls like an asteroid before it settles, too.
clear that Cas is still not speaking to him. Lord of Light, the man might be the most powerful mage in generations, but he can surely be a pissy little shit when it suits him to be.
leave it in vehicles—they just drove and ended up right back where they started. But when they got out and walked, they were into the next landscape in a matter of hours.”
Castiel thought about turning over to face him—but he was already balanced at the edge of the bed. “Next time,” he said quietly. “Next time, it’ll be you and me on the Hatching sands.”
“Aw, Sammy, it’ll be fine. It’s just like riding a horse!’ Dean exclaimed, his voice a little too high.
Cas doesn’t…? Dean feels the curve of his lips lower. He doesn’t know what to say to that. He knew this was gonna be goodbye, kind of, but…
“How do you know? You’ve never met one!” Dean shot back. Dad hadn’t ever had anything good to say about the Magisterium—he’d hated them more than anything, and he’d blamed mages and stuff for Mom’s death, though Dean wasn’t all the way sure why that was. Storms happened. They happened to
Jesus Christ, it’s not that Dean ever really thought… right? Yeah, Cas touched him, and the words rose on Dean’s skin. (Cas said he
They stood side by side at Sam’s promotion ceremony, when he was twenty-five. The Archmagus handed Sam his journeyman book with both hands. Sam’s shoulders were thrown back—head and shoulders taller than anyone else in his class—and his blue robes fit him
so why his mind had chosen that particular fantasy, he couldn’t have said. After all, not only was Castiel decidedly not Novak’s rider, he
It was why most brown riders and almost all bronze riders eventually left the Weyr their dragons had hatched at; bronzes, especially, had the strongest mating urges of any color.
“Yeah.” The sound of Dean’s voice as he breathes out the word is so tired. There’s an almost-inaudible squeak as he rubs his forehead.
most of them. (Dean wasn’t a kid, he knew people didn’t have to love to have sex… but most people had to want to
“What, exactly, is going on here?” Castiel asks, looking at the gathering around him, a little befuddled.
, was he glad that Sam was there too, to shove him back and keep him from leaving the containment circle. Also, that Sam had gotten the most of his growth spurt already, so he
Rafael rolls her eyes. “Very well, have it your way,” she croons. “It’s been a long time since I had any fun.”
Dean realized he was probably in love with Cas the first time Cas crawled back into his bedroll on the road.
but Sam knows what he’s doing. When it comes to this shit, Sam always knows what he’s doing. Dean nods sharply at him—but he still draws his sword and takes two steps closer, until he’s almost close enough to touch all three of them.
Dean sucks hard on the straw of his strawberry milkshake with the most disgusting slurp he can manage. “That’s nothing.
big—Impala had been bigger than she’d been at hatching, but though he was still broader in the center, she’d gotten longer through the neck and tail. Her wings were proportionally much larger than anyone else’s in her clutch; she had to pull them in and up to keep them from dragging when she walked, rather than folding them.
was going to go. “Does she want me to wear the uncomfortable clothes again? Why can’t I be like you? You don’t have to wear clothes at
“I started… awakening, I suppose, a few years ago. The dreams…” he looks up at Dean with those blue, sad eyes. “When I was with you, the dreams never came. So I… didn’t know he was looking for you.” His voice aches and rolls; Dean believes him. “I didn’t… I truly didn’t know that. I only thought…” he licks his lips and looks away. “I thought, if I fought him, if I… wounded him before I yielded… it would give… it would give humanity a reprieve. If only for a little while. A few years. A century.” He looks embarrassed. “In retrospect, it… wasn’t much of a plan. But things were already so terrible, I thought…”
Kevin, with a look of only mild judgment, offers him a lovely metal bookmark. It has rainbows that seem to be just under its surface, and they flash in the light when he tilts it back and forth.
. It doesn’t matter that Cas has big, gorgeous hands and a great smile, and Dean really enjoyed hearing him ramble on about pencil shading and colors and then going off into a tangent about the conservation of California condors before Dean had managed to so much as understand the difference between sepia and brick. It doesn’t matter that Dean looked at him and didn’t want to look away, and from the way Cas’s eyes caught on his lips and his eyes and Cas actually
He smiles as he runs his thumb over the smooth, worn metal of the phone that always keeps him and Cas connected, no matter how far across the country Dean’s gotta drive. No matter where Dean is—no matter where he goes.
But Dean’s damned sure the way the lines soften off Cas’s forehead, his lips perking just slightly upwards before they settle back into their normal stern lines, is a lot prettier than whatever his own face is doing.
.’” He swallows, and his eyes are red-rimmed when he looks up. “That sounds like Castiel. That sounds like what he thought of you, Dean.”
Then, of course, the moment they crossed over into Calcite, Garth went tripping right over someone’s shin bone and into a pile of them. They ended up ticking down the list of the missing to twenty-two—at least, based on skulls. No gear. No clothes. Just… bones.
Dean’s hand rubbed firm and broad up and down the small of Castiel’s back. His freckles, across the bridge of his nose, looked like gold dust in the warm afternoon light. He snorted. “Well,
“Don’t devalue her sacrifice, Dean,” Cas says, instead, finally, and Dean can hear the ripe tang of judgment in his voice. “Just because it feels—"
Cas smiled at him and drank the rest in two gulps, then leaned in to press his mouth—cool, so cool now—against Dean’s overwarm forehead, then, very lightly, against his lips. Just a quick little peck. “Is it alright if I get back into bed?” he asked, in a low, gravelly whisper.
Dean doesn’t understand what Cas mutters in response to that, since it’s not in English, but it sounds
it when they call Cas, as young as he is, ‘Commander.’ He understands why, when they call him ‘Seraph Castiel,’ they do it with a little bit of fear—and it has nothing to do with the wings of his power.
me.” Donna shook her head, pushing her chin upwards and out towards Michael, bullish and stubborn. “I’m still not seein’ what part of all that isn’t ‘taking away,’ though, boyo.”
“Are you sure you have enough sugar rationed for that?” Castiel asked curiously. Dean always seemed to have sugar. “And… Dean,” he narrowed his eyes suspiciously. “It’s winter, how do you have
“It’s not funny, Dean,” Cas mutters. “He’s spent the last four years attempting to get me fired, and almost
Michael looked down at Castiel for just a fleeting moment, but when Castiel tried to catch his gaze, Michael’s eyes glanced off him and away. “Well, that is a relief,” he said, in a voice that even Castiel, poor as he was at understanding nuance, knew conveyed
How was that different from coercion, Castiel going to Dean at a time when he knew Dean might have difficulty refusing? Castiel had heard, more than once, dragonfever described as a kind of madness. How would Castiel be able to look him in the eye afterwards, knowing that he’d put his own wants above his best friend’s?
The bronze dragon out of Barnes’s clutch, though—that snap of his egg claw hitting the inner surface was by far the loudest, so loud that some of the onlookers jumped. He didn’t simply crack the shell—the pieces went
“I dunno,” Dean answers, going back to the newspaper. Not much stuff here in the Want ads. He might go to the WalMart tomorrow, though, see if they need a bagger. “Geometry.” Dean likes geometry, though. Physics, too. It’s all like… pool with numbers. He still doesn’t know what the fuck is up with calculus, though. “English. Some artsy shit about some drunk asshole yelling ‘Stella! Stella!’ and a crazy lady who lies about stuff.”
Yeah. Dean knows. He knows all about brothers. He knows all about being afraid for them. He reels back, slapped by memories of how fast he tore up the highway between Reno and Palo Alto on his way to Sam.
He already knew what it was like to want something he couldn’t have. He’d rather burn than want something he could
When he comes to, sometime around Saturday—actually, no, Sunday, it’s probably Sunday—there’s a redheaded gremlin sitting in his navy blue Lay-Z-Boy recliner, staring at him through beady bottle-green eyes. Dean has no recollection of how he got into the sofa, or how a blanket that smells like detergent and not sulky funk ended up pulled over him. Or, for that matter, whether or not he's allowed to just turn over and die.
Castiel knew without a doubt that that wasn’t true, either, regardless of whether he’d been able to recognize that at seven. Pointing that out to Dean would mean he would have to explain what he meant and how he knew it, though. He had no desire whatsoever to do that. “You wanted to be a dragonrider once.”
Dean looks down at the joker in his hand. It laughs at him as he turns it in his fingers—around, around. The longer he stares at it, the more he thinks he hears the sound of that laughter in the wind.
Dean blinks at him, very slowly, like he’s coming awake. His gaze drops to the proud, bright yellow letters across the breast of Castiel’s jacket. Green eyes follow the arc of his forearm down to the six-pack of beer that Castiel has gripped tightly in his left hand, the cardboard of the carrier biting into the inner creases of his joints—Margiekugels, Dean’s favorite. (Castiel knows this, too.)
“No, I suppose not.” Cas edges just a little bit closer to where Dean’s lying, picking at the comforter with his fingertips glowing. It makes him look like he’s polished and painted his nails, like a harlot. Which… what? Okay, that’s
“It’ll have to be,” Sam answers with a guilty-looking grimace, looking up from where he’s studying his book. “We tested it out last night. If she makes it any bigger, the edges don’t do so hot when they’re projected at range. So you two are going to have to travel pretty close together.”
“This is not the same situation,” Michael pointed out, “because the younger queen’s rider in those situations becomes Weyr
So he’s staring right at it, trying not to vomit, as the Gate shudders, once, all over, the frame of it rippling, titanic and quivering like it’s made of jelly rather than metal.
a mother or sister to make him use pumice stone on his calluses, Castiel reminded himself.) “They could drag that itchy shirt through wherry poop and I’d wear it, if I got to stand as a Candidate.”
For all that Sam’s a Stanford law student, for all that neither of the Winchester men had anything resembling a traditional upbringing, and for all that Sam, very clearly, knows that his older brother is still a member of a criminal organization… it still sounds, to Castiel’s ears, like hope. Sam hopes that there’s an answer. That there’s an
But he doesn’t say anything as Dean reaches over Cas’s shoulder and pulls the hood of his red sweatshirt out from inside the neck of his down jacket, carefully arranging it over his head and piling the scarf all around his face until just his eyes and a little of his nose are showing, no more blood. He’s a little less worried now that Cas’s pupils look more normal. When Cas narrows his eyes a little, glaring at him through the scarf cocoon, Dean manages to call up a smile.
Dean was still so close, still grinning at him—the grin widened a little further, gorgeous and lush and delicious. He didn’t respond aloud. Then one eye—the color of Castiel’s Christmas cactus in the late afternoon light peeking through the window, winked shut.
“Oh. That’s a shame,” Cas answered, completely straight-faced, propping himself up on his arms on his bed. “I was looking forward to shoving you down, lubing you up, and absolutely
Cas smiled back at him, soft and certain. “Yes,” he said, in a soft rumble of spring thunder. “Yes, I certainly hope so.”
going to get you moaning someplace you’re going to have to deal with inappropriate hard-ons later. Fair is fair.”
Dean's face, unlike Sam’s, didn't move. He didn’t change colors. He wiped a hand over the corners of his mouth and just sighed a little. That scared Castiel more than anything else.
Dean opens his mouth. He’s got a ready excuse on the tip of his tongue, dancing there, because there’s always been an excuse there.
That chokes a little laugh out of Dean, and it burns coming up. “Good question,” Dean says, hoarsely, aloud. Sam startles. “Let’s go ask him.”
It’s the same nightmare he’s had for the past week, with their bed empty—without Cas curled at his back, warm, with his face snugged behind Dean’s neck and his arms curled up under his chin behind Dean’s back, snoring softly in tiny little snort-whiffles.
It was true—Castiel did love his little wild colony of fire lizards, and he was thankful that the vertical drop-off they were sitting on made the small beach nearly impassable to those looking for a clutch of eggs to steal.
he told her—before he paused. It’d been years since he’d mentioned his fantasies of Novak talking to him as a child. To anyone.
(M) -  An angel and a Hunter walk into a sex toy shop run by a psychic. Because this is the Winchester life.
(He did not, as a rule, embrace people—not commonly, anyway. Not anymore. But he’d heard more than one opinion from Garth about how helpful hugging was, and it seemed like the right thing to offer in this situation.)
things, man?” he demands, thumping the guy hard on the shoulder. Cas doesn’t flinch, but he does glare. “Are you like, some kind of umpteenth black belt in karate now?”
I have, over the course of the months that I wrote this, alternated wildly between hating and loving this story: it was written in parts on my phone, in my notebook, and on three different laptops! And today, I laugh at the fact that during the first Pinefest check-in, I estimated that this would be about 50K!
Sam crying at his own goddamned wedding—still such a baby. Cas pulling him close by the waist on the day they got him out of the Empty, with that look of total focus, and fucking
But now and again Imp could be surprisingly protective over his clutchmates, even though half of them weren’t actually related to him. Castiel had seen him taking up a choice piece of wherry—sometimes snatched nearly out of someone else’s jaws and then defended with a snarl, a flap of his wings, or a scrape of his claws against the ground—and, rather than eating it, carrying it over to one of the smaller greens or blues.
But it’s just an apple. It’s not a kind that Dean’s ever seen before, though: it’s not red or green, but a dark pink with little patches of yellow.
“Why not?” Castiel laughs, softly. “There’s nothing wrong about imagining favorite characters in entirely different scenarios. You’ve heard of fanfiction, right? Fanfic?”
on his thoughts any more than he could on hers. Which meant he must have been broadcasting his thoughts
Dean doesn’t bother. Just yawns widely enough that the stars can probably count his tonsils, and pops his back, walking back over to his abandoned bedroll. He undoes the snaps slowly, listening to the rustling behind him—Cas taking off his damp tunic with a grunt, the fumble in his saddlebags for a fresh, the rustle of him pulling on the new one.
A dragon could love Dean with everything, the way Castiel was not allowed to; Dean would love a dragon back, because every rider loved their dragon. It had always sounded so
lived in Eden; he’d gone over to visit Ohio Weyr when the queen had risen, though Garth had noted that he hadn’t seemed to have much interest in actually catching her.
Cas sighs in what looks like exasperated disgust, but Dean doesn’t miss the way his eyes squinch in a little smile before he starts on his own food. Once Cas is done picking off his pieces of pepperoni and eating them one by one (Dean’s not even going to comment on that) he folds his slice of pizza neatly in half and scoops it up. Dean’s not watching, exactly—okay, he
“What’s it say?” Sam asks. Fortunately, he asks it before Dean’s mouth opens and spits out the reality that he doesn’t give a shit how pretty the spiral of words is, it
ever looked at him like that before. Not like Dean hurt them, not like he disappointed them—Dean’s seen those plenty of times. He’s used to being a disappointment.
That doesn’t mean he doesn’t pop the last piece of tomato-stained pineapple in his mouth with every evidence of enjoyment, though, before sitting back in his chair, ignoring Cas’s nose-crinkle of disgust. They settle into a comfortable, overfull silence. Dean burps, once, then sheepishly mumbles, “’Scuse me,” ‘cause he’s not a complete caveman.
“Uh… I…” he managed, and cleared his throat, looking up between them—his best friend and his brother. “Thanks. I guess.”
about Cas having changed, about that sweet boy that Dean was so into getting frozen out like the Great Lakes in winter. Like Cas said: they’re not friends.
Dean hasn’t figured out what is up with Cas’s mom, but Christ, she’s strict. But Cas only asked about his and Sam’s parents once, and he took the ‘Mom’s dead, and Dad’s working, he works weird hours’ without asking any questions. The least Dean can do is not ask any about Cas’s parental situation.
Cas eyes him, a scowl already starting to crinkle up the middle of his forehead with his dark eyebrows climbing together. “If you think I’m too tired to zap you, you’ve got another thing coming.”
Castiel nodded. Yes, of course. “I…” He bit his lower lip, then blew out a breath. He leaned in enough to whisper, “I held aside a few very nice pieces of wherry—a heart and a whole leg. Just in case. They’re not in the feeding troughs; they’re in the storage cupboard. Just, you know.” He managed a shaky smile. “A hatchday treat for him.”
Sam blew out a long breath. “If you and Dean both Impress this year,” he said, his voice small, “you’ll both move to the Rookery and live there with, you know, your dragons. So it’ll be just me and Dad left. And if you both Impress bronzes, in a few years, you’ll both
He doesn’t know why that, of all things, is what makes Dean really smile at him for the first time—not the utterly photogenic flash of fire that he’s seen Dean aim at a thousand and one girls in a hundred and one bars, but something smaller and sweeter that curves at the arc of his mouth and softens the shallow sun-creases at the corners of his jade eyes.
He’s heard there’s a Latin bodega over on the other side of town, past the school, but Dean’s Spanish is pretty crappy past, well, things like, ‘duende’ and ‘fantoma’ and ‘chupacabra’ and ‘el Viejo del Saco
Forty-eight months after Castiel sat shaking in Robert Singer’s office, Dean Winchester turns to face him again. He’s a little older, now—they both are—but Dean doesn’t have the tired, worn look around his mouth anymore, or the sharp bruised set to his back. He’s wearing a well-fitted suit with a flashy, emerald-green tie over a pair of intensely sensible shoes.
As Dean watches, his mouth hanging open, Castiel Novak downs a set of shots with smooth grace, a lift and flick of his wrist with each one, delicately putting each of them on the stained, scratched-up counter rim-down afterwards. At the end of the line, he looks up at all of them, eyes dark and serene. “I think I’m starting to feel something,” he announces.
Ellen saw him right away and made him wash his hands and arms at the pump. She gave him a big bowl of dough to push and pull until it stopped being so sticky. He liked that a lot better than turning the spit for the roast—it got so
He was a hypocrite for saying it; he knew exactly how much it hurt, standing there on the sands, left behind and so alone despite the crowds of people. He knew better than anyone else in their Weyr—six times better.
stomach the idea of his mate spending this time with another alpha when he was like this. Hell, he’d seen himself through his own freakin’ ruts before, plenty of times before he and Cas got themselves mated. Right? He’d put on Mad Max this time rather than Indiana Jones (he didn’t have a
” Castiel complained, and flopped onto his back on the edge of Novak’s stone hollow with his butt in the soft warm sand of the nest. Her tail uncurled from her nest and flopped back and forth beside him before one of the two tips landed on his stomach. He shoved it off, and it wiggled in the air with her laughter. “Everyone says that. But
Angel lowered her head and gave Bobby a coquettish look, fluttering her tail back and forth around her ankles.
Everyone who was able had to have a role, in the Weyr. Was it better or worse that he could help this way? That he’d still get to enjoy the play of baby dragons around him and climbing over him, even if he’d never be a dragonrider? If he couldn’t have that, what would Castiel have chosen to do with himself?
them shining in the sun, their shells gone hard with how ready they were to hatch. The greens were a milky white with the very tiniest touch of emerald, and the bronzes were enormous, solid and craggy and gleaming. Castiel loved seeing them like that—so ready to come into the world.
Cas’s mouth quirks. He looks down at the bottle he’s holding between both hands, and his thumbnail tucks lightly at the edge of the label.  “You… didn’t mean that how it sounds, I imagine,” he observes.
He knows what that means. “Rafael was a Special Forces medic. He was deployed to help out in Texas, after the Astrodome. He was one of those who was struck by the Rapture, and he died ten days later—but not before he turned upon his own squadmates,” Castiel tells him, his voice low and dark and so steady that it’s as vicious as the edge of a knife. “He killed four of them before they finally shot him.”
to see him so happy—coming back to the Weyr grinning and pink-cheeked and musky with someone else’s perfume, waggling his eyebrows when he asked if Castiel wanted to come out with him next time. It made the twitch and ache of want and jealousy bearable, knowing that Dean was happy.
“I swear. Mother-Dragon, just look at you,” Dean breathed, skating his eyes up and down Castiel's body so lasciviously that Castiel didn't know whether to cover himself up or preen like Angel after an oiling. “Who
It's not new; there are little cracks in the corners, and some of the gold leaf on the edges has flaked. The binding has split. Someone has read it. It’s well-loved. It’s
If he’d let himself think of it, a little earlier. If he’d really looked at it and let himself reach out, maybe… maybe Dean would have let himself admit that he’d really wanted that for himself, at some point. Dean’s never really let himself want anything big: he always knew he wasn’t gonna get it.
“Sir,” Castiel said, more subdued, then sighed, reaching up to rub Angel’s neck. “I’m sorry. I don’t know if my irritation is Angel’s, or if everyone’s ‘advice’ is just getting to me.” To say nothing of the
But Dean’s also pretty sure that Cas is as likely to take good advice from him as he is to put on high heels and dance the can-can. So he waits, tongue glued thick to the roof of his mouth.
Dean let Castiel dab at his face. He still had the prettiest color imaginable on his cheeks, though it was starting to fade from his neck and chest. “Yeah, uh, I… well, yeah.” He flashed a hint of his cocky grin. “I like sex most ways, not gonna lie. That one doesn’t hurt my leg at all, I know that. But it’s, uh… well, our heights would probably work out pretty good, but it’s not very romantic.”
Silently—he didn’t have the words yet—he undid the cuffs of Dean’s flannel one by one and rested his thumbs on Dean’s stripes, stroking the red-marked flesh back and forth. But Dean didn’t relax.
But as he was, he had Dean’s friendship, and Dean’s regard. He didn’t expect any more than that. If he
Dean considers throwing a piece of ham at him, but he’s a grown-ass mature individual, thanks. Which is why he waits until Cas has his mouth full before he points out, “Weird thing for someone to say who sucks on his fingers after he eats
“Oh,” Naomi said. Her eyebrows arched. She looked up and met his eyes for just a moment. “Hm. Alright.” She turned away and started pulling a ledger down from the neat bookshelf behind her desk.
Dean forces him to sit on the flat ground for a spell with a hand on his shoulder, and pushes Cas’s head between his splayed knees. It didn’t escape him that it took a
Dean shakes off the grass and dirt from his bedroll and turns around once he knows the coast is clear. Cas is sitting up now, and when Dean comes edging cautiously back, those blue eyes are clearer. He’s definitely awake, not just twilighting his way out of his dream. His eyebrows pinch, and all of a sudden, yep. There’s the sourpuss that Dean’s been dealing with for a week, now.
“Mother-Dragon’s saggy tits. You're the best little unicorn, you know that?” Meg said, chuckling again. “Just… the purest thing. You know what? Maybe I
Meta-what? What does physics have to do with anything? “Charlene, you lost me on the right turn to Albuquerque.”
into the gutter, do not pass go, hadn’t it. He dropped his gaze to the cement under his feet—Cas wasn’t wearing his funky, colorful sneakers; he wasn’t even wearing
“You’d probably tell me something really pointless about windmills, wouldn’t you,” he says, before the words get drowned, and Dean folds in over his knees, his wet face in his hands. He can’t make his shoulders stop shaking. He can’t breathe. But it doesn’t matter, because here, he doesn’t have to be angry. He doesn’t have to fight. He doesn’t have to be
A muscle ticks in Cas’s jaw, under the thin, raspy-looking brush of his beard shadow. Yeah, that one jumped on a nerve. He doesn’t say anything.
“You’re right, of course—about not knowing whether that’ll make me happy,” Cas said. There was still nothing that gave away anything in Cas’s voice—nothing but a warm acceptance that made Dean realize with a dizzy, sick rush: Cas had already made up his mind. Maybe he’d been making it up all along. “I’ve seen enough of humanity to know that there aren’t any guarantees. Maybe that’s the point? Maybe that’s what makes it rewarding.” He chuffed out a soft laugh. “But who knows? Maybe I’ll be the one too afraid, the next time.” He sat up, his bare feet squeaking softly on the smooth surface under him. “I’m going back to bed. Thank you for looking for me.”
One of John Winchester’s arms is withered and grey in a way that makes Dean’s stomach twist. But he doesn’t say anything. They’re moving. There’s no time.
“And what about vulnerability to Rapture and transformation malad—” General Novak continues, relentless.
Boo hags are creatures of Gullah folklore: they have, as described, no skin. However, the creatures in folklore do not have changing faces, nor do they eat people alive. (Actually, they aspirate their breath!)
But he stopped—a breath away, his eyes half-closed and watching Castiel through bronze-tipped eyelashes. He was close enough that Castiel could smell him. Close enough to taste him—close enough to ache and
He’d known, of course, that there was a higher chance than normal of him encountering Sam in the library—just as Dean hadn’t given up baking when he’d Impressed, Sam had stayed industrious with his research and helping out with the library organization. He was still, as Rowena had once put it, the augur’s favorite little duckie. But Sam also just wasn’t
Dean claws for the quick-release straps on his pack and lets it fall into the creamy mud, skidding as he clambers back to his feet. His blade’s in his hand, and he flicks it free and to the side, at the ready—backhand for slashing, like he prefers in these fights. “Yeah,” he snarls. “Yeah, come here, motherfuck—”
“She, um, she…” Castiel fumbled. What had they been talking about? “She said she would like to taste firestone someday.”
This time, Cas’s bark of laughter is hard enough he puts his pizza slice back down so he can cover his mouth. “Oh, God. I don’t know who would be more offended by that comparison, Charlie or Hannah.” His eyes are shining blue and still all these beautiful little happy creases at the edges when he lowers his fingers enough that the bow of his top lip curves pink, a little over them. “I don’t think they like each other much.”
(Because Dean still remembers Cas’s laugh. He remembers the way it always started in a quiet rumble at the base of his throat before it crept out like Cas was trying to keep it in and just couldn’t do it. He remembers it coming out shaky and shy, every time. He remembers Cas always covering his mouth, like the polite little guy that he was. And he can’t even imagine something like that being pointed at him ever again—not now.)
The pools of blue in the angel’s surface don’t look like eyes anymore—no more pupils. Its surface is just blackness disappearing into the world, not wings. Dean shudders again.
Dean grins and walks her to her locker, back straight and proud, while she talks about people he doesn’t know and places he’s never heard of. He doesn’t really care, but he knows it’s important to make like he’s paying attention. He’s not gonna kiss her or mess around with her, though. Even if she is doing the eyelashes thing at him, and has pretty eyes—hazel, a little bit darker than his.
It wasn’t Sam’s fault that he was a Candidate this year, and Dean didn’t seem to blame him for that either. Sam had been raised here, of course, so many of the things he’d been learning in Candidate school over the past few months wouldn’t be new to him. But he’d thrown himself into his studies with the same enthusiastic glee that he’d thrown himself into all learning.
as he pulls what looks like the shiniest, most silvery rolling weapons locker that Dean’s ever seen behind him—because everything in NASA has got to be coated with silver, apparently. He looks across them all, and nods.
—the best that Castiel had ever heard of; he thought that she would have stationed herself at a much larger Weyr than Eden if only she could keep from offending so many people. But even still, sometimes they only very little warning. Sometimes they had no warning at all.
For a second he honestly does wonder if maybe this kid is some sort of monster who’s out to eat the new kid, but Dean’s not that worried: he doesn’t bring a gun to school, but he has a knife. If some creepy crawlie thinks Dean’s gonna be easy pickings, well, it’s better he goes for Dean than one of the other kids.
But he remembered the beautiful golden dragonet climbing off Ruby’s still corpse, her hand-sized, triangular face matted with blood. Her creamy white wings moved in delicate little flaps for balance as she turned towards him, tail held high. Her tail was different; he remembered noticing that even then. Her tail didn’t branch out into two tips the way every other dragon’s did. She just had the one, ending in a little fan. Or a feather.
tucked underneath his armpit. His right leg is wrapped from the ankle to the knee in a clumsy, lumpy ace bandage with the top of the pajama pants tucked awkwardly into the top.
Dean’s whole body quivered all over, and his back arched. But Cas didn’t stop pushing his own come back into Dean’s soft, open ass with gentle rocking motions of three long, graceful fingers.
“It does seem altogether like a silly plan,” Rowena cooed, studying her nails, before the growl could claw itself free from Castiel’s throat. “This whole situation is unprecedented, but they are
who lifts his chin from where he’s studying the bubbles of the foam on his—undrunk—glass of ale. “I’m not sure why you find it so objectionable, Dean, it frames his face very nicely,” he comments.
“That’s when I decided I wasn’t… I just, I was done. I wasn’t gonna do that again. No matter how much I wanted… ” Dean’s hand clenched hard enough that Castiel almost let his wrist go. “I wanted to be a dragonrider, yeah, of course. Of course I did. Mother-Dragon, more than almost anything. Wanting that didn’t go away, you’re not… you weren’t wrong ‘bout that. But in the beginning, I couldn’t risk Dad taking away Sammy. And after he died, well…” He shrugged, but it was awkward, jerky. “It was Sammy’s turn as a Candidate. His turn to have a chance. And by then, I’d gotten used to the idea that it wasn’t gonna happen for me. Up until you forced my hand, you smug, pushy asshole.”
He can say these things when Cas isn’t looking at him. When Cas is bound up like this, breathing in little puffs because he can’t take a full breath, Enochian tying him more deeply in his body than he normally lets himself be.
“Yes,” Cas answers, and Dean stands up to take a walk around. Everyone’s asleep, huddled in dark lumps in the center. He thought it’d be weird to sleep when he doesn’t feel
John Winchester is standing by Dean, parade-rest straight like the military man he once was, twirling his beer bottle between his fingers. Sam is slumped at the edge of the bar, chin bowed, hair drooping long around his face. It looks a little greasy. Dean was right about the long hippie hair. He hasn’t had the heart to tease him about it—not yet. Maybe not for a while.
That—of all the things—made Castiel blink. His lips curved in a hint of a startled smile. It even lasted a good moment.
. Like the glass breaking on some fancy museum exhibit. The tall, broad shape of Dean’s dad in the doorway fills him with such an awful relief that Dean, for a second, swallows bile, and he doesn’t even know why.
“I suppose you probably are,” he finally says, softly. And it kind of sounds like something that means more than it should. Like an exorcism. Or a prayer.
They hunched and shuffled their way to the edge on the other side of the crawl-space. Novak had made the little hole there just for Castiel, digging it with her claws, when she’d found him climbing the wall on the other side. (She’d been nice: she’d used her head to push him up so he didn’t have to climb all the way up the first time, but she wasn’t always in the nesting sands. Most of the time, she liked to stay in her room. Or she liked to fly; Novak liked to fly more than almost anything.) Dean must really be a very good climber. Even though Castiel was older—a whole five months—he couldn’t have made it all the way up the wall without Novak’s help.
“You’ve been here a long time,” Dean observes, running his hand down the coarse, cheap, bright orange rust-proofing paint on the banister. “You know all the little back ways.”
“I would pay good money to see that,” Castiel notes, a little wryly. Maybe a little too eagerly. Then he frowns, distracted. He doesn’t have any money, of course. “I should… get a job? Shouldn’t I?”
, soft and rigid at the same time, like the difference between a feather or the point of the quill, was impossibly good. Castiel didn’t know how he could
So what the hell—if Dean’s going to go back home and grab them, he’s going to take just a few more steps in, see if he can steal just one last kiss from his husband.
There it was—such naked love in Dean’s familiar deep voice that Castiel’s chest ached and ached and ached. It was so
He was right: it’s Sam. Sam’s halfway on top of him, and his eyes are full and swollen red even though he isn’t crying. Dean knows they’re both going to pretend after this that it’s the Gate-travel that made them that way. He’s really okay with that.
and think so little. And when the oil burns out, I will find you. I will find you, and your boy.” When Rafael smiles at Dean, his eyes flash colors that leave Dean with an unpleasant throbbing in his temples. “And thanks to Castiel, I know where to find you. I can
yelling?” Dean scoffed. There was still the slightest tremor to his voice, and he still wasn’t looking at Castiel.
at Sonny’s bakery stall.” He jingled the coins in his pocket. Shit, it was nice to have money. They were both big enough now that it wasn’t even all stolen—people paid boys like them to do little errands, run stuff around, lift stuff. Sonny would give them the broken pieces at a discount, too, so they never stole from his stall, ever.
. If he didn’t know better, he’d think it was a piece of equipment that got misplaced on the repack, but they
Sam.” For a second, he thinks about getting the headset and microphone combo out of where they’re slotted into the side of the radio, maybe get some privacy, but… would that be weird? Yeah, maybe that would be weird. “Can’t believe you got that tech rigged up on the e-reader so fast, that’s kinda amazing,” Dean says, honestly.
But this is Sam, who for years was the other half of the sandwich that kept Cas from wandering off into storms—before Cas Awoke into his power with a literal bang, and they
“I got it,” Dean says, and turns to Sam. It’s not a surprise that Dad’s not pairing up with him: Henricksen’s the only wild card in how they work, it makes sense that he’d want to keep an eye on him. It barely even stings anymore.
. Oh, shit. It itches and burns—his chest, the back of his eyes, his hands. It feels awful—it feels good. It feels like living, fucked-up as it is. “Well, I’m gonna kiss her when we get back, too.”
Cas shuffles closer, but doesn’t get into bed. He stands at the very edge of the mattress and folds his hands in front of him. In the soft tiny little glow of the candlelight, his expression is unruffled and smooth under his peach fuzz jawline, but it’s so
“A nice memory,” Dean answers, smiling, and reaches out to take his husband’s hand. “Let’s go home.”
“Like turning a page when you’re reading, rather than clicking something,” Dean notes. He nods to himself. “I guess… okay, I guess maybe I can understand that. No e-readers for you, huh?”
he’d punch one or both of them if he saw pity flash over their faces. (Dean suspects that punching Jack would probably hurt. A lot.) “It’s… Enochian?”
Cas planted a hand on his chest and used Dean’s own momentum to shove him onto his back, arms flailing. Then swung a leg over and sat on him, both of his big hands framing Dean’s shoulders and pinning him against the mattress. With Cas’s legs spread wide like this, Dean could feel his mate’s fine little ass rubbing across the big muscles of his thighs, fuck yes,
Castiel almost moaned as the tip of Dean’s tongue swept invitingly along the seam of those plush, beautiful lips, a slow glide, not a casual flick. He was a wildest dream made flesh and fire. If this small deception was the only way Castiel could satisfy all the carnal fantasies he'd entertained over the years…
Here? Here, Dean’s presence felt like a mark, an indelible splash of color on Castiel’s uncluttered, solitary little living space. One that Castiel very much wanted there.
The urge to preen in response to that comment was very strange. Castiel certainly couldn’t take any credit for
Normally Dean would laugh—or roll his eyes—but he’s got his steam back up and he’s going. “Well, it deserves a fucking expletive, this is a
Angel’s tail punctuated the motion by stabbing behind her, almost jabbing Impala—who had curled into a ball and rested his chin on his forearms, his dark wings folded neatly at his back—in the side. Imp was, very clearly, not planning to go anywhere anytime soon.
. He parted his legs to give him more space to explore, and was momentarily startled by the pull of his own underwear—still around his upper thighs—before Dean chuckled and pushed him back enough to ease them down to his ankles. Castiel stepped out of them.
The sight of a forty-foot dragon wiggling in anticipation, fluffing her wings excitedly by her side, was surprisingly adorable—or maybe that was just because Castiel was inclined to think most things Angel did were adorable.
one: his mama was the Weyrwoman, and she was the Bonded of Novak, who was the queen dragon of all of Eden Weyr! (Novak was the
“Well, it might have something to do with the next person Nathaniel dated after they broke up,” Cas sighs. “I think I feel a little guilty about that. Can you believe it’s been so many years, and I still feel a little guilty about it? I suppose that means their breakup might have been a
Castiel swallowed the fire. He curled a knee upwards instead, tight enough against his body that he could rest his chin upon it and watch a single brown fire lizard dancing delightedly through the sky.
But Jo signs and hands it back, huffing. Sam’s the last one, but in the end, when he signs, so does Dean.
“Sure,” Dean says dubiously. It’s a pretty freakin’ clever idea, if Dean says so—and he does, ‘cause it was Sam who thought of it—but there’s a difference between ‘clever’ and ‘actually real.’
Sam’s awake and watching them—Dean can see his eyes gleaming wide in the darkness, even though he hasn’t said anything. Cas doesn’t scream in his sleep no matter how bad his dreams get, and Sam’s only been on the road with them once. But even though Sam was just twelve the last time they had to really hunker down and cuddle out one of Cas’s nightmares together, they still spent four years doing it. They
that was worse than getting his protection sigil put on his chest. But why didn’t anyone ever talk about the drippy oozing that left ink all over the inside of Dean’s Guns ‘n Roses shirt? The scabbing? The goddamned
(It also says something that he is spending the first few minutes of being alive again, unbelievably
here? Castiel wears button-downs under his hoodies and has a fancy backpack that probably costs more than Dean’s duffel and everything in it. He probably has a whole library of books, a real comforter for his bed, and doesn’t have to glue the soles of his brother’s shoes back on. (Not that Cas would: Dean’s already heard from him that he’s the youngest.)
“Well, y’know, I thought I’d keep you company. Sammy doesn’t need me anymore. He’s gonna be a rider now. Isn’t that how it goes?”
Naomi had a theory that it was because Castiel had fussed over this particular batch so much while they’d been in the egg, talking to them and tapping back at them when he heard them moving in their shells, but who knew? Before he’d been old enough to be a Candidate, he wouldn’t have been allowed to go into the Rookery at all. And last year, well… Castiel just hadn’t had the heart to go.
Dean doesn’t even realize that the wave has passed until he swings and doesn’t meet any resistance, the force of his own swipe spinning him around. He’s got burns on both his forearms and he doesn’t want to let his arms fall down to his sides, because he’s not sure he’ll be able to raise them again if he does.
, they both rocked, the handful of metal sewing findings on the table rattling. But Dean was so gloriously solid against him that it wasn’t the force of the collision that took Castiel’s breath away.
“If he attempts to return before the Gate has even closed, the singularity collapses and no one else can go through.” Cas—no,
Dean blinks. “Seriously?” Then he chuckles, and kicks Cas’s ankle gently. “We gotta work on that, man, you can’t finish high school that way. It’s like… a
Dean, well… Dean had been slipping out of classes for as long as Castiel could remember. If he wasn’t learning how to care for the horses and wherries from Bobby, he was underfoot bothering Ellen in the kitchen. Or running around as a messenger. Everyone owed Dean a favor or two—it was why Sam always had new shoes the moment he started outgrowing them, when everyone else had to wait for a trader to come or for their turn to pick from supply. And Dean
It wasn’t much more pleasant than the first time, with April, but at least she wasn’t strange and rough about it.
It’s not the fact that little Cassie doesn’t understand pornography that surprises him. Nope. That… is not a surprise. That wouldn’t be a surprise to Balthazar, to Uriel, or to a passing
. “I’m just saying. You don’t have to do the same damned thing we’ve been doing since we were kids. Maybe sometimes it’s the
the real him, Dean wants to argue. Or at least, it was a hell of a lot more real than Dean’s ever let himself be with anyone else.
Castiel carried Dean’s fingers to his lips and kissed his knuckles, one by one, before resting his cheek on the firm shelf of them. “Dean, the whole process of sex is already so silly and messy and awkward to begin with, he told him sternly. “And some things will work, and some won’t; neither of us is perfect, and bodies are
a Weyrleader. Never has. It’s just been Naomi, the whole time I’ve been here. Hasn’t kept anyone from comin’ to stay.”
Cas is silent for the three steps it takes Dean to reach the door. He realizes when he gets there why it was propped open: they’ve probably deactivated Cas’s keycard.
Anna arrived just as the eggs were starting to get firm at their poles—it would be a week before they hatched, maybe a bit more. Castiel tapped hello to each of them every morning, murmuring greetings, and laughed with delight when some of them even tapped politely back.
Dean rolls his eyes and kicks the back of Sam’s heel to keep him moving. But that only means Sam stalls the rest of the way.
But he wasn’t expecting loss. He wasn’t expecting his whole body to feel achy and heavy and like he’s about to vibrate out of his skin—he knows what this is; dimly, he remembers that talk about how their bodies would acclimate to whatever negative energy makes up Purgatory, and they’d have to readjust when they got back, same way they were all dizzy for a few hours when they landed in the landing zone the first time.
would have a problem with it?” she asks, and even Dean recognizes that the way she’s holding her wrist is dangerous.
Now, right now, it’s more than Dean can bear. Because of course he knew that—he knew that Cas couldn't love him back all along. But hearing it out of
Most everyone’s tucked in for the night if they aren’t manning the command center—again, fucking curfew—so for most of it, it’s just them in an eternity of hallways. Cas nods at a security guard in Army field uniform manning one of the doors. She gives Dean, in his Henley and jeans, a quick glance, but the nod she gives Cas, even though she doesn’t salute, is one of both familiarity and respect. Cas takes them down a service stair, cement and metal just barely lit by an overhead red emergency light.
Dean sits on one end of the sofa. Castiel sits on the other. Dean turns on the TV. There’s an episode of Dr. Sexy playing.
“Very narrow to think we couldn’t learn a thing or two from them now and again,” Cas answered. “Sunbeams are also
“Don’t hurt yourself, Clarence,” she advised. Her smile at him was sharp, but Castiel thought it was better than the way April had gone so cold and flat and sour at his response.
(Castiel didn’t give her the satisfaction of looking inside the pouch until he got back to his quarters. The contents were distinctly
Castiel raised both his eyebrows at his best friend. If Impala hadn’t already realized that Fitzgerald was very literally ten times his size, there was no ‘complex’ that could possibly bother him.
At this point, Castiel’s surprised that they haven’t been pulled off the project altogether—in months, Dean’s given them nearly nothing on the Archangels or Michael that they couldn’t have gotten off the morning report news feed. The only reason they’re still on this duty is that Uriel insists that Winchester’s the key to Michael, and Castiel, Kevin and Krissy are inconsequential enough as field agents that they’re not in demand elsewhere. The fact that Kevin’s excited to do research on a man they only have a last name and a phone number from speaks to the tedium of their position.
particular dream before, sure. Of course. But normally there’s some kind of… lead-in? Or something? There’s kisses against the wall or there’s laughter that they fall into. There’s a moment.
Castiel looks down at the book in his hand, then at the human for whom he fell from grace. There is no way for him to hold a book and turn a page while still ruffling Dean’s hair.
the delicate chain of Gaelic for a whole week. Not until he walked into the kitchen and Eileen was cooking up the turkey bacon that Sam had been literally dreaming about.
But it’s a Friday, and everyone thinks it’s the end of the world ‘cause it’s the sun’s gonna be out and the weather’s probably gonna to break fifty. Sam’s still at Trivia, but he’s going over to Lindsey’s house tomorrow. Not Sam’s little girlfriend, Dean’s ass. Still, he’s kind of proud of his little brother: go Sammy!
Cas cannot be serious. Look, Dean knows how this game goes, and he’s thrown down enough times to make his point. He knows that he shouldn’t say anything—that anything he might say will make it sound like Cas can’t handle his own shit, now that he’s stepped up.
She smiled, and a chill ran down Dean’s back. There was real amusement in that smile. But there wasn’t any warmth in it at all. “I’d prefer that the agreement be more amicable than that… Castiel, isn’t it? But if necessary, that can be arranged.”
to wander off to see something interesting. Or try to pick the lock on the Gate just to get a first peek. Martin’s already giving it a long, interested look, licking his lips. Benny booms out a laugh, and kicks his heels to keep him moving.
Henricksen shrugs. “I’d be the first to admit that the file on your father was much better compiled than anything we had on you and your brother.” He frowns. “Well… Sam has his school and employment records, of course. We didn’t actually know you were coming along until you were actually…
Then, because Cas had always had so much of an easier time with words than Dean, he said, immediately, bluntly, without a flinch, “I missed you.”
“Not in words,” Cas says a little sheepishly. When he leans forward, he nudges even further into Dean’s personal space, his knees bracketing Dean’s in a splay that’s making Dean want to lick his lips. “I’ve never really put the time towards that. It’s never kept her from expressing her opinions, though.”
. “That must be wrong, though,” he says, and his voice is steady. “What other meanings can it have?”
He knows that Dean treats women well. They follow him bright-eyed and leave his presence smiling and cooing, but he never brings them back to his place. He never calls them back, either.
The soft, suckling kiss against his very tip made reality blur, sweeter than memories. A hand combed gently down his left thigh, skipping against the lines of rope.
The storm is a twister, and it howls as it comes. But it touches down twice, kissing the ground gently with its pointed tip before it rises up again and swirls in their direction, wobbling back and forth. It’s coming, but that’s not what Dean worries about. He can already see little specks swirling around in the tail when it touches the ground.
“Hey, uh…” Dean looks around at his teammates—side-by-side with him, still dressed in their uniforms. They’ve all still got angel blades strapped to them. Their silhouettes are so familiar, the dark and the silver with the tiny little lights still ringing their shoulders—half burnt-out, now. They’ve got mussed-up hair, and they’re all covered with ash. The real world around them is too shiny, a little too bright. It’s so noisy. Purgatory was
“Oh, I try,” Meg answered. (Since he’d learned sarcasm at least partially from her, though, it didn’t work very well.) “You know…”
also three more angels, which, holy shit, so it took them two days to get out of there, even with Cas plugging alternate pathways into Sam’s little beepy thing every time they stopped for the night. But at least no one got Raptured again. Or sat on.
Look, Dean still wasn’t a hundred percent sure that the bunker didn’t have a couple of rooms that appeared and disappeared at will. Whose will? Well, that was the question, and it sure as hell wasn’t anyone that Dean trusted. Dean had a fucking fine sense of direction, and even
(Cas never did react. It didn’t mean that it didn’t hurt him when people were assholes. He sat at a corner table by himself for what must’ve been months, and didn’t so much as attempt to make a single damned friend in their high school. He tried to stumble himself home bullied, even bleeding, and didn’t blink, and didn’t bat an eye. But the moment Dean invited him in, Cas was
and still nothing. None of his homework got done for shit, either, but he’s at the point where he doesn’t care about that. If he ever did.
thinks so,” Castiel muttered, watching Angel sniff cautiously at where Impala’s head and neck were outstretched and vulnerable in her direction. A brown—Henriksen, a sleek young adult who’d just moved to the Weyr—and two blues took one look at Impala posturing and, sighing, settled back down to sun and wait their turn. “He does know that all the posturing and nuzzling will make no difference whatsoever when she actually flies, right?”
He carefully took down the edge of their precious storm-net—its light went out and cast the inside of the cave into shadows. Dean held his breath, but Sammy’s little whiffly snores didn’t change, and Dean edged out and set the net back up from the outside, its warm glow casting over the length of Sam’s back and the brown hair that was getting too long. The shadow Sammy cast was tiny.
(How was he supposed to not believe that maybe April was right, when that year, the Hatching went just the same as the two before it?)
He helped Charlie get up onto Bradbury’s narrow, navy-blue shoulders, carefully watching out of the corner of his eyes as Kevin made his way painstakingly up his harness straps. He was the youngest—and, accordingly, the prickliest about being helped—but Prophet cocked out a delicate green leg for him to balance against, and he made it up safely.
The next morning, it’s not a scattering of bodies littered throughout Houston. It’s not angels. It’s not a power that knocks down buildings or turns iron supports to rot and ash.
“You don’t say, Bobby,” Dean drawled. It was one of Cas’s sparkier days, too, so there were little crackles of magic jumping along the edges of his hair. Dean reached out and flicked one of them, and it danced along his fingertip in a rush of warmth before it winked out.
“I don’t know that that would be fair,” Cas says a little hesitantly, biting his lip. “I took first place in something like that at my last school.”
With those air quotes. Oh, Jesus. The rush of affection clocks Dean in the chest so fast and so harsh it almost feels like pain.
He did know, though, and for a moment, he wasn’t even sure where he was: in his own bed, or sitting in warm sands with the grains crunching underneath his feet as he kneaded his claws through them, wings itching to
Dean swallows. The back of his eyes prickle and burn. His shoulder tingles and aches all the way down to the bone. “You, uh. You need… a connection?”
Castiel didn’t know why being a male and being a boy weren’t the same thing, and he asked Michael about it the next day.
Especially since last night, outside the lanterns was so fucking dark that a demon could’ve rolled right on up and poisoned someone’s brains out, leaving them fucking
as he stripes his belly with streaks of come, runnels of it dripping down Dean’s hand. Dean lets him shake to pieces, stroking him through it slow and coaxing and wet-fingered because Cas likes it drawn out like that. Dean knows he’s grinning like he just went out on a hunt and came back to fresh pie when he turns his face to drop kisses down Cas’s hipbone again, the hand that’s in his hair all the way slack, now.
“Yeah. Wendigo in Colorado, you know how it goes,” Dean answers unapologetically, closing his laptop screen and setting it aside. He can’t help his grin. Cas is such a damned grouch when they miss their check-ins. “And hi to you, too, sunshine.”
“You’re wearing aftershave,” Cas said, and Dean wasn’t sure why he felt like blushing about that, ‘cause yeah, it was true, so what? But before he could come up with an answer, Cas asked, “Where’s Sam?” into his ear, craning his head to look past him.
Is it? Castiel doesn’t know if he believes that, but it’s clear that Dean does. So he tips his chin in something that Dean can take as an acknowledgement if he wants, even if it’s not agreement.
Castiel Novak, NASA astrophysicist, doesn’t look one damned bit like the put-together, hot guy in a suit and tie who broke Dean’s brain a few weeks ago.
who had an embarrassing story about it. But it was also why most riders didn’t form permanent attachments, and rarely if ever married. “It’s just…”
“Nope,” Dean answered, throwing himself onto his back and tossing the jar at Castiel in one smooth motion. “Nope, not strange at all, let’s get on with it, yeah?”
what woke him up, considering he’s lying on his side in Dean’s bed, and his face is about six inches away from Dean’s. His scruff is thin and elegant in the dim half-light of Dean’s nightlight (shut the fuck up, of course Dean has a nightlight; he can’t see in the dark, they keep weapons in their rooms, and the Bunker rooms don’t have any windows). Cas’s bottom lip is poking out just a little, like he hasn’t had the time or doesn’t give enough of a damn to arrange his expression.
With Dean so amused, Castiel couldn't keep his disapproving frown going for long. “Be that as it may, I
Dean stares, openmouthed. Okay, he didn’t honestly think—but oh, shit. Oh, shit, Lord of Light, it actually
Eileen carries the book carefully over to Cas while Dean uses a combination of his shoulder, mockery, and Big Brother Voice to get Sam into his own circle—it’s not yet lit, but Dean does
Fortunately, they’re all hunters: they’ve all gone through uncharted woodland and unfamiliar territory with no backup and something horrible riding their asses more times than
Sam chewed over that for long enough that Dean thought that he was done for the night, but Lord of Light, Sam just
. It’s going to be a long few days. Dean’s temples throb. But “Yessir,” he answers, crisply. “I got it.”
Dean shrugs. “Maybe. All the classics are depressing. I’d rather learn about Vikings.” He kind of regrets watching the movie all the way to the end, even if it means that he can fake an essay or something: Dean doesn’t know why he sort of expected it to have a happy ending, but it didn’t. Why couldn’t Blanche get out of there? Then Dean realizes something, and scowls. “Hey, what the hell, how did you know that?”
Castiel wiggled his way through the hole and swung his feet onto the little step on the other side, catching his feet on it and then sitting down so he could drop the rest of the way down and didn’t have to jump. But when he turned around, Dean was peeking out of the hole over Castiel’s head. His eyes looked like they were going to fall out of his head again. He looked maybe scared. Or maybe excited?
“Dean!” Sam calls out. Dean looks away from the pressure of his dad’s eyes. Sam’s waving. His hair looks plastered to the side of his face, but he’s got a smile on that’s a little drunk, all of it fake. Dean knows that smile: Sam’s not as good at the hustle as Dean is, but that doesn’t mean he isn’t
pencil has stopped moving, Dean’s not blaming the fact that he didn’t graduate high school for him feeling so dumb right now.
“Don’t think Ellen would know what to do with flowers,” he offers softly. “But, uh. Maybe, um. Maybe tell her that you’re raising a glass to Jo. And that you’ll keep a knife on you, to remember her by. She’ll like that.”
Cas blinks at him, mouth opening and closing. Finally, he says, sounding confused, “Are you… am I supposed to try and stop you all? Is that why you’re telling me this? Dean, when I told you that you had to respect my authority about these things, this was really not what I meant.” He sighs and rubs a finger down the cute little crinkle between his eyes. “Also, with the perspective of several weeks, I’m fairly sure I couldn’t stop you all even if I wanted to. Is this some sort of a test?”
“I promise,” Castiel said softly, even though Dean hadn’t asked him to promise anything. He didn’t look away either. He smiled a small smile. “Do you want me to come with you?” Angel would take any excuse to fly; Castiel would take any excuse to meet the sky with Dean.
“Good thing you didn’t,” Dean notes, and lowers the towel. “Little further back, that would’ve gotten you in the kidney, and if you started pissing blood I really would’ve made you go to the hospital. There, I think you’re done.”
Castiel settled his head down onto his pillow again and listened to the sound of his best friend breathing. The slow rise and fall of it was asleep again before Castiel answered, very softly, so as not to wake Sam—”You and me.”
Sam nodded solemnly. “Because fire lizard babies can Impress like dragons, right? When they hatch? So people steal them as special pets.”
The riot of desire—and he didn't even know if it was his own or his dragon's or both—nearly wrecked him. Castiel laughed at it, at the way it hurt, at his own utter foolishness, terrible and shaky.
space he could be by himself. People said that they were lucky, that his family had a corridor of their very own. But his mama had so many visitors, and Castiel had his brothers and sisters, and they were older. This was Castiel’s
Over them, Novak had risen onto her hind legs, wings beating, a mountain of shining golden fury with her head lashing back and forth. Naomi was in front of her with arms and legs spread, more agitation on her face than Castiel had ever seen as she tried to keep her dragon from attacking.
Cas is lying on his side, propped up on an elbow, smiling shakily. He’s turning a ring between his thumb and forefinger.
it, but even then, at the ripe old age of seven, it had made sense. So he’d given Dean his pie, and rescued him from spiders, and coaxed out a smile from him.
with him, but it's fun to watch Cas get all fussed-up about a character in a book. (Dean doesn’t actually know what an egoist is, though. And he’s not gonna ask. Might have to look it up,
“The part about queen dragons and their riders flying to fight Hellgates,” he interrupted, before she could finish. “Was there ever any truth in that? How would that even be possible?”
“Did you see Bart this morning?” Patty’s whispering to Chris as Dean walks up to his locker, hugging her fancy zippered three-ring binder to her chest. “He’s on a crutch and has a sling around his arm!”
His mouth was so tempting and so expert that Castiel almost didn’t register the second finger entering him until it was in, until his body registered
In his formal riding coat, even though it was the drab brown leather accorded to brown riders, he still
“Oh my God. I hate you,” Dean complains, throwing himself into the seat in front of Cas the next day.
Cas laved him slow—top, then bottom, then each side, deliberate straight lines of tongue—cardinal directions of wet heat, a circumference of it along the ridge where shaft became head. It was a tease, but the affection in it bound Dean as surely as the ropes. When Cas came back, it was to breathe warm on just the head of his cock, taking it between his lips. He pulled in soft, gentle smacks. The noise of them filled Dean’s core to pulsing.
Cas shrugs with both shoulders—a big motion, for him, for someone who pulls right back into himself whenever he’s not telling one of his stories. He slides the boxes onto the little breakfast table in the corner of his kitchen. “Sometimes it does. More than when they forget. I’d rather they forget,” he says, and shit,
Cas shakes his head, and goes back to folding. “She was at the Pentagon while I was growing up. My father hated DC, so we lived near his family for most of my life. She fought him for custody when he filed for divorce… she does not, as you can likely imagine, like to lose. But even though Dad raised all four of us, he was also a failed writer who she’d been supporting all this time. Of course, she won.” He shrugs. “I was fifteen. Probably old enough to take care of myself by then, but she had no idea how much freedom to give me, and nightmare ideas of what trouble teenagers get into. It was why she moved back to Illinois and we moved from Pontiac to Bourbonnais, just outside Kankakee—so Gabe would be around—rather than dragging me with her back to DC.” His lips curve in a wry, sad little smile. “I think nothing relieved her more than when I left for college.”
“Hmm? Sure, but they’ve got boyfriends.” Dean waggles his eyebrows. “I’m not ‘holding hands’ with ‘em, that’s for sure.” Heather gave up on Dean a few weeks ago and started hooking up with Nathaniel. Dean was sort of relieved. She’s nice, and it’s not like she’s not pretty. But he knew he’d have been messing around with her ‘cause she’s
“Yeah,” Dean says softly, pushing himself back to his feet. He’s got no right to feel this betrayed, he knows. But that doesn’t keep it from happening. “Yeah, I get it.”
(Castiel wasn’t supposed to eat before the Hatching, and now he sort of understood why. But he’d been
was the one who set up the damned bedrolls for all three of them! Dean always puts himself between Cas—and Sam, today—and the road, the way a Sentinel should.
Now? Now, she was nearly the size of Novak, bigger than almost any other dragon in Eden Weyr, and she wasn’t even fully grown yet. Her eyes were as big as Castiel’s balled fists, and each one of her claws, curved, was larger than the cup of his hand. It made the pearly, iridescent color of them even more prominent—like parts of her were made of opal. When she nudged him affectionately with her head or flicked playfully at him with the tip of her tail, he had to brace himself to keep from being knocked back or sideways.
“I don’t think I was wrong about that, but being a gawky teenager wasn’t particularly fun, either,” Castiel answers dryly, but Dean can still hear his smile. “No, I’m not in costume these days because a lot of the time I’m talking at them, now, rather than just… partaking.” Dean catches the soft, small crackle of him shifting the microphone, and a sound that might have been someone stretching out where they sit. “It’s still enjoyable, and I love watching the energy of the convention-goers, but it’s not the same.”
He understood the situation. That Castiel was a queen rider, and queens went into mating flights, was no one’s doing. It certainly wasn’t
Cas didn’t know if he had parents—though the condition of his clothes and the fact that the first time Dean had met him, he was stealing, just like Dean was, suggested probably not. He didn’t even know where he was
and they don’t have to eat, sleep, shit, or do anything but kill, he’s okay with some things not making any sense.)
, man, you’re something,” Dean says, warmly. He’s not good with words the way Cas sometimes can be. But he’s trying to be better at
Castiel’s lips tried to tilt into a weak smile, but he couldn’t muster the force to get them all the way there. “You sound like Bobby.”
was fucked-up, man. Like, the one with the floating upside-down mountains was weird, but next thing you know there’ll be sandworms.”
But he sat back down hard on the edge of the bed, the straw-stuffed ticking crunching under him. “Wh-what if… what if none of them wants me?” he asked very softly, the words spilling out of him even though he tried to swallow them sour. He didn’t know if he was asking Dean, or if he was asking the world. Both, maybe.
off its wheels, right off the road, the traces on the horses burning up before they ran off. He didn’t know how or why, but Cas was a
Castiel didn’t know he’d like this, too. But he kisses Dean’s forehead and gently runs his hand down the surprisingly elegant line of Dean’s spine, over his thin, ragged t-shirt. His fingers curve into the angle of Dean’s shoulder blade, fitting them together. Dean sighs deeply enough that Castiel’s hand rises and falls.
Castiel didn’t argue with the ‘least offensive’ part of that—Michael had called him far worse growing up.
. What this lady was saying couldn’t be true, could it? Could it? But there was no fuckin’ way Dad would have let them go to the Magisterium, even if someone
Dean cradled himself—more gently than Castiel had expected—his arm moving in a slow rocking wave, knuckles distending the thin fabric—suddenly, Castiel understood how intriguing Dean had seemed to find it when Castiel had orgasmed into his pants. He hadn’t been able to help himself—the experience of Dean moaning and writhing in the hard, narrow chair, the thick savory press of him in Castiel’s mouth while his soulmate mouthed absolutely filthy pleas and imprecations above him, had been so lovely and compelling he hadn’t been able to resist. He’d been so embarrassed, at the time, but Dean had seemed delighted by his lack of control, not annoyed.
“I haven’t been ‘me’ since your mom died,” John answered. “She used to protect us, you know. Used to protect me. But that meant there was no one to protect her.”
“Y’know, I didn’t think she’d like the courting stuff so much,” Dean noted thoughtfully. “Novak doesn’t, right?”
Pretty much zero. Dean Winchester wasn’t proud of the fact that his rut sensitivity made him a two-pump chump a lot of the time.
“Apple pie,” Castiel answers, placing a single slice of lettuce on top of his burger. “But only if it follows a bacon cheeseburger.”
Castiel blinked at him slowly. “Okay,” he said, finally, because there wasn’t anything else to say to that. Dean
Green and blue riders were the most variable overall in temperament—understandable, because nine out of every ten eggs of a clutch were green or blue. Brown riders tended to be steady and calm and even-handed, like Jody—the bedrock of every Weyr. Most den-fathers were bonded to browns (den-mothers like Jody were a rarity overall, but that was just because most browns impressed men).
The whiskey is markedly better than the beer they shared, and Dean must have put the glasses into the freezer, because they are cold. It takes the punch off the alcohol. No ice, though. Castiel sips at it, slowly, and looks down at it in pleasure.
cage in the corner, almost floor to ceiling. He’s only just had a moment to take it in before Cas is folding his hands in front of him and turning back to him with a deep sigh.
leave their room to take calls and check in when it’s Cas’s turn on the line a lot of the time, doesn’t he. Hell.
“Hey, why not, P3X-595 seems like a nice place,” Dean answers, automatically, before he pauses. Everyone’s looking at him. Garth looks curious. That’s never a good sign. “Uh...”
There’s not enough room in that bedroll for two, not with Cas curled up that way, not unless Dean takes the time to undo the snaps holding it closed all around. So Dean just drops to his knees and then to his side on the hard ground, reaching for Cas. Cas gasps when Dean touches him—Lord of Light, Dean almost gasps himself, because Cas is cold as river water.
thinking about hunting.” He waves a hand towards the closed door. “Do you know what happens when men stop being
Dean blinked, slowly. He took a step closer, then another, the hard posture drooping out of his shoulders. “I, uh… hey, Cas,” he said. His voice sounded loud in the silence. Or maybe that was just to Castiel. “Can we… can we talk?”
he feels something like hope start to curl under his breath with Cas’s expression so soft and quiet, Cas rumbles, “I… what is this?”
about it. Hell, how many times has Dean been with a guy and found himself slipping out of the moment, seeing blue eyes in the dark behind his eyelids, pink lips with a funny shape, the curve of a perfect cheek, rather than whoever was actually under him? How many times has he been facedown with his forehead pressed into the mattress, getting railed to high heaven, and let himself dream it was
