him, was enough to make the proverbial dam burst. He didn't even try to suppress the tears; he just let Cas hug him, hold him, pull him closer with his wings. It was a good thing Cas was a pint-sized angel, not an actual toddler, because Dean was fully sobbing on him, definitely leaning hard enough that a normal kid would've toppled over immediately. But not Cas. Cas just stood there solid as always, letting Dean bury his head against him, tiny arms wrapped around him like he was never letting go again.
The waitress laughed, prompting a relieved exhale from both Dean and Sam. "You're cute," she said, looking at Jack, "real cute." Before anyone could respond, she stepped away from the table, exclaiming "Enjoy your food!" over her shoulder as she walked back to the kitchen.
Jack reached across the table to gently touch Cas's shoulder. “And nothing’s going to hurt the rest of us, either,” he added. “You’re safe and
Huh. Internally she raised a brow and made a mental note to herself to ask Cas what that’s about. She handed it back to Dean.
also i definitely meant to get this posted earlier so i’m rly sorry for how long it’s taking me to update, thank u for being patient!!! ik normally i’m able to update more frequently but school is school :/ and i’m also wrapping up another wip rn but once that’s done i should be able to focus on this a bit more so thank u for sticking w me <3
read our thoughts or sense feelings or whatever. If Cas is reading your mind it's probably because he can't help it."
(yeah, but I wanted to). Cas leaned against the back of Dean's neck, really wrapping himself around his head. Dean huffed in fake annoyance; truthfully, he kinda liked Cas perched on his shoulder. It felt right.
Castiel continued to mumble, slurring a bit like he was still trying to shake off the sleep. “Dean’s lack of sleep can also be blamed on his nightmares. What little rest he manages to get is frequently interrupted by terrible dreams. I do what I can to prevent them, of course, but he doesn’t like accepting help. He feels he doesn’t deserve it.” Castiel frowned, sniffling a little bit. “He does though. Dean deserves to be saved. He always has and always will, and I will always try to save him because I know I can. He knows it too because I’ve done it before. He just won’t let me.”
"Good choice, that's my favorite too. I think the chips are in the pantry, if you wanna grab 'em for me." Jack nodded enthusiastically and left in search of the bag of chips. Dean put the mixing bowl down on the counter, wiping some stray batter off on his jeans. Looking for a pan, he turned towards the cupboards but was stopped halfway by Cas, still holding his finger.
It took a couple more minutes before anyone spoke again. Sam was the one who broke the silence, Jack continuing to sit at the table quietly.
.” Cas can barely move his lips, he can feel the demon’s power reaching down into his throat, going for his vocal chords. “I -
“Where was I? I mean, did that reality only exist inside Sam’s head, or was I actually in Hell for six months? Did I actually die all those times? Am I - will I ever remember it? Ha, maybe that’s one of Hell’s tortures. 'Welcome back, fucker.’”
Castiel is there the night Dean Winchester is born. He’s a breach baby, stubborn from conception, so they need to birth him via C-section. Castiel hovers in the corner of the room, invisible to the human eye, but the doctors and nurses can certainly feel the anxiety rolling off of him in waves. It would not be good for Michael’s vessel to be born imperfect.
"Okay. Come try something with me." Cas stands and moves to the mirror in the corner of the room, pulling Dean by the hand. "Look in the mirror."
Castiel does not interfere in the death of John Winchester. He watches when the man goes to Azazel, back straight and eyes proud, and he can’t help but feel vindictively glad as he’s sucked directly into Hell.
The closer he gets to Dean, the more he can feel his pain. Lyrael stops him after a particularly brutal flaying. (What’s wrong?) she asks.
Dean brings the glass back to his lap, cradles it there. “I mean - ” He sighs, jiggles his knee so the tiny bloody sky in his cup shatters into garnets. “Do you know what today is?”
Cas finds the word for it online, a few days later. They're curled together in bed. "'Genderfluid,'" he reads to Dean. "'Of, relating to, or being a person whose gender identity is not static. A genderfluid person may identify as male, female, or other genders at various points in time.'" He looks up at Dean. "That seems accurate to me, but obviously you're the ultimate arbiter of your own identity."
“I don’t care what you call me, Jack,” he says, shifting a little uncomfortably. “I can be another Dad or Papa if you want. Father’s kind of formal, but I’m okay with it if you are. Or I can be an uncle, if that’s more comfortable? Or just your friend Dean, if you’d rather.”
(Thank you,) Dean Winchester says. His thoughts are loud and clear. He knows Castiel knows them, and he’s happy about it. Dean Winchester breathes out his sorrow and fury and terror and breathes in Castiel’s peace and presence. They are one person, twined here together, and despite all the grief of the day, Castiel is content.
"What, is that another piece of school lore I missed by not being here for the past three and a half years?"
"Dunno. Sometimes I think Dad might've handled it better. Others I think he might've handled it worse."
"Daddy’s in the shower," Dean Winchester says, straight-backed. Castiel turns the shower on to back him up. Dean Winchester jumps at the sound. "And I can have the money by tonight, ma’am." His voice is so small and high-pitched. He doesn’t know how he’s going to get the money.
Dean - the demon can tell he’s hurting. The smile on its face is nothing like Dean’s soft grins, but the glitter in its eyes is the same.
Sam opens the car door. “Were you talking to someone?” Dean didn’t even notice him exit the rest stop.
(Not at all,) his superior cautions him. (We cannot draw attention to Dean Winchester, not before his time.)
Sam and Cas sleep in, now that they can get away with it, but Dean’s still up at the crack of dawn. He’s gotten to a place where he doesn’t mind it, so much, the quiet of the bunker kitchen as he prepares breakfast. Once or twice a month Eileen joins him and they experiment with some weird waffle technique or wild new pancake flavor, but usually it’s just him and his tools and his hands and the low crooning of his speaker turned way down. It’s become a part of his routine. He has a routine, now.
"I was skipping my budgeting elective, Dean. Mr. Turner doesn’t even take attendance. Besides, if I ever need help budgeting, I can always ask you."
"Shh," the woman whispers in his ear, so quietly Castiel couldn’t hear it if he weren’t bound so closely to Dean Winchester. "It’s okay. Let’s just go back to my place."
"Hey, Cas," says Dean one morning, "you were a woman once, weren't you?" It's just the two of them in the bunker today, and they forewent one of Dean's usual breakfast spreads for cold pizza in bed. It's sticky and greasy and ridiculous and Dean is just about as happy as he's ever been. There's not gonna be a better time to ask this question.
"About what?" asked Jack. They were sprawled on the big leather sectional in the Dean cave. It was Jack's turn to pick the movie, and he kept glancing at Dean out of the corner of his eye as though he were seeking approval.
The night after he makes his deal, Dean prays for the first time. He waits until Sam and Bobby are asleep, and he sneaks out into the salvage yard. He finds a 1982 bright blue Toyota Camry and sits in the passenger seat.
That doesn’t stop Castiel from curling up around Dean Winchester like a cat, whispering comfort in his ear the way he has always done. Dean Winchester, in this moment, doesn’t push Castiel away. He leans deeper into the embrace, and Castiel supports him with his full heart.
,” he says again. “You’re stronger than this. You’ve faced worse. This is nothing. You can beat this!”
The demon shrugs elaborately. “Well, so you called my bluff. It doesn’t matter.” He twists a hand by his side and Cas rises into the air.
Two and a half years later, Dean Winchester brings Sam to a bar for the first time. “It’ll be great,” he says. He’s overflowing with money, now, his own money, hard-earned and secret. John doesn’t know about it, but Castiel does.
Even though it's a guy day, 'Mom' still gives him a funny swoop in his chest. "Of course," he says. Jack dives forward and burrows into his chest, then wraps his arms tight around Dean and squeezes.
After an indeterminable amount of time, Dean’s eyes don’t change back from green. “Cas,” he gasps, a single broken breath.
Dean Winchester hunches his shoulders further. (I am home,) he says, with some confusion. (You’re here.) The flames of Hell flicker, throwing shadows of doubt on Dean Winchester’s face. (If it’s really you.)
The bell rings and Charlie pops out of her seat like a jack-in-the-box. “Hey, Siobhan and Kristen and Gilda and I are heading to the ice cream place after rehearsal tonight,” she says as they walk out of the room and down the hallway. “You and your boyfriend wanna come? I still gotta meet him.”
“Lots of reasons. To remind you that you don’t have to suffer alone. To help you remember that the beings who did those awful things to us are gone for good. To take your mind off the horrors you’ve suffered. We don’t need to retread these things, love. We’ve done that enough.”
The surgeon’s hands shake as they cut Mary Winchester’s stomach open, as John stands there with thunder in his face. Dean isn’t breathing when he’s pulled into the world. The doctor opens her mouth, probably to call for an incubator or something equally human and useless, but Castiel swoops through her before he can speak.
This time, when Dean scrubbed his tears away, they stayed gone. "For at least a little while," he said. "When I'm pretending. As long as we don't tell Dad."
“Maybe he doesn’t hate you.” Flick. Cas’s forehead splits against the concrete. “Maybe he even likes you.” The demon flips its hand around and lays Cas flat against the floor. It perches over him, trails a possessive hand down his cheek. “Maybe he
It happens again three days later. This time, Jack's on his way back into the bunker from some board game night with his local friends. "Hi Papa, Mom," he says as he hurries down the stairs. Eileen waves. Sam grins. Dean does a double take.
Dean Winchester cries all night, and Castiel wipes away his tears in the morning, because they both know displaying weakness in front of John will only serve to worsen the situation.
"Come on, Dad leaves me here with you. I'm basically a grown-up, right? And I can pretend to be a girl." Mollie had a tube of her mom's bright red lipstick that she sometimes kept with her. Maybe if Dean shared some of their fruit loops she would let him use it. And Dad had left behind one of his duffel bags. His shirts were long enough to be dresses on Dean.
"He's been... different," Dean settled on saying. "More..." But he wasn't sure what else to add. "Just different."
He’s so distracted that he doesn’t notice, at first, when someone slips something into Dean Winchester’s drink. It doesn’t really register until a woman, sharp-toothed and brown-eyed, leads Dean Winchester by his hand out to her car. He dithers for a minute, certain that Dean Winchester would want him to stay and keep an eye out for Sam - but Dean would never leave with Sam still at the bar. That’s how Castiel knows something is wrong.
“Today’s the anniversary of my mom’s death. I have six months left. What would you do if you only had six months left? I mean, I guess you’re immortal, whoever you are. You probably can’t say.”
Dean figures it out a week later - or, well, if anyone does it's Eileen. The four of them are eating dinner in the kitchen, Jack having commandeered the Dean cave for some long distance video game thing with Phoebe. Sam takes a long pull from his beer. "I think it's sweet," he tells Eileen, signing a little clumsily as he speaks, "that Jack's started calling you Mom."
It takes more out of Castiel than he should probably give up, but he manages to take four dollars out of a local bully’s pocket and slide it under the door of the motel room. John comes home the next day.
Even though Castiel knows he can’t hear him, Dean Winchester’s shoulders ease a fraction. That night in his dreams, Castiel lurks at the edges, pruning away the fear and planting hope in its place.
Jack's blushing now, and looking at his feet. "Thanks," he says. A beat, then, "Can I hug you, Mom?"
"No, Cas, listen," Dean said, and then he stood there for thirty seconds with his mouth gaping open like a fish. He couldn't back down now, but how the fuck was he supposed to follow up what Cas had done for him? "I," he added, then another minute of silence.
“Dean.” Cas reaches up, grasps both of Dean’s hands in his. The wine tips onto the grass, forgotten. “I will hold out faith while you cannot.”
Castiel doesn’t answer, just keeps his gaze on Dean Winchester, who is all the more beautiful for the distance between them. (Hello,) he finally says, and stretches a glowing hand out from the mass of himself. (I am here to take you home.)
He crumples the test up and shoves it in his backpack pocket. If Ms. Masters sees him throw it out, she’ll take off even more points. Whatever. Everyone else starts packing up, even though there are two minutes to go until the bell rings.
When it happened Dean actually felt a weight off his shoulders. Of course he was going to die again, and of course it was going to happen like this. He had been a fool to think he'd ever fit above ground again. Sam and Cas had been fools for indulging him. He was going back where he belonged. He only wished he could have gotten the chance to say goodbye.
"It's not fair," Sam repeated. He had the stubborn jut to his lip that meant he would be worrying over this for ages, like three motels ago when he wanted to swim in the pool even though it was empty. If Dean didn't stop this now he'd probably still be on about it when Dad got home, and Dad hated when they talked about Mom.
“I’m not sure.” Dean sighs, takes a long drag of his wine. He wrinkles his nose. “It still tastes like blood.”
The tree feels too big. He needs to get somewhere smaller, where he can be closer to solid. He swoops inside the house, where Mary Winchester is placing a Batman band-aid on her eldest son’s knee. “See,” she tells him. “You’ve got to be strong, like Batman.”
If Sam had asked him that question six months ago, he'd have had no idea what he was on about, but last time they went into town, Jack introduced them to his friend Casey. Casey was a girl, but she'd been - how did Jack put it? - 'assigned male at birth.' She'd asked Eileen for makeup advice. She'd also, in private, asked Dean how to incapacitate a man if he threatened her. He'd gotten so angry that she didn't feel safe - they'd saved the fucking world, and girls like her still didn't get to feel safe.
"Hey, Cas," she says. "Want to marry me?" She didn't get a ring or anything. Didn't plan this out that far. But this is the man she's going to spend the rest of her life with. They might as well make it official.
“M’sorry,” he says, voice breaking. “I—I wasn’t worth that, man. You should’ve saved it for yourself.”
"Listen, Cas. Bottom line is I want you to stay with me. I want to be with you and Jack. If that means leaving the bunker, I can work with that. You said you wanted us to be a family, right? Let's do it, then. I love Jack, and I love you, and I'm gonna work on being someone who deserves you too, because right now I don't. I know I don't. The fact that you—you genuinely expected me to fuck you over like that makes it obvious." Dean lowered his eyes for a second, face flushing with shame before clearing his throat and looking back at Cas.
“I—” Cas’s frown deepened. “I think I’m hungry?” He paused. “Yes, I think this is what hunger feels like. Can we get food?”
It was obvious Cas didn't believe him in the slightest, but nevertheless he drank the whole cup, pouting as he held it back out for Rowena to take. She laughed and turned to Dean.
"You'll probably want to put him down for this, just a fair warning. I doubt you'd enjoy suddenly bearing the weight of an adult Castiel."
After another moment or two of wide-eyed gawking, Jasmine gently poked her shoulder. “Can we get out yet?”
Castiel gave her a small smile. “Thank you…?” He paused, cocking his head to the side. It took Erin a couple seconds to realize he was waiting for her name.
Suddenly, whatever had been happening ended as abruptly as it started. Rowena yanked her hand away, breathing hard as she stumbled backwards, unsteady on her feet. Cas slumped against Dean's chest like a puppet getting its strings cut, his piercing screams morphing into great hiccuping sobs. Swiveling around, he buried his face in Dean, shaking and on the verge of hyperventilating. Dean shoved down the nausea growing in his stomach and held Cas closer with one arm, the other shrugging off his flannel. He was about to wrap it around Cas's shoulders like a blanket when he noticed the ragged tears in the back of his shirt.
"I don't—I can't see how this could be something Dean desires. If he was with a woman—not just any woman, the perfect woman for him—and still wasn't content, how could I possibly be better? I'm a
"I'm just—” He took a deep breath. “Cas, I'm a bit out of my depth here. Y'know the whole domestic shtick ain't really my scene, and I'm trying, I swear I am, but I need time to get used to it. You gotta understand that I have to do this."
the way Dean did in that moment. Every atom of her ached as she watched him slump over Cas with a strangled whimper that turned into a wail that turned into a wet, shaky frenzy of sounds and words that carried pain unlike anything she’d ever heard before. It was messy and raw and absolutely fucking devastating. Cas, for his part, just kept holding on, whispering things Erin couldn’t (and frankly didn’t want to) hear, being unbelievably tender even in his fragile state. Jack, weirdly enough, turned away from the scene, making funny little happy sounds as he snuggled up against Erin, seemingly at peace for the first time in days.
“He does,” Cas whispered, despite the tiny sliver of doubt lodging itself in his heart. “He does, he
“Oh yeah, he’s mentioned her before. Sorry,” he said as he turned towards Erin, smiling warmly. “I’m Sam, Dean’s brother. Nice to meet you.”
Alright. That was a lot of information to take in at once, but the longer Dean ruminated on Sam’s words, the clearer Cas's behavior became. His face got warm thinking about how Cas felt comfortable enough around Dean to construct a nest. Not only that, but it was Dean's shit that made him feel loved and protected and good material for the nest to be built from. Dean would never ever admit it but the knowledge totally made him feel warm and fuzzy inside.
"Yeah, no thanks to you," Dean scoffed. Jack let go of Dean and presented his plate of pancakes to Sam.
Cas has taken to the whole human thing pretty well; he likes long hot showers, and he’s been begging Dean for a guinea pig (“No, we can’t get a guinea pig, because you can’t get just
“I’m scared,” Cas admits quietly. “I don’t know what I’m supposed to do with—with all the power I have. I don’t know the limits of what I am.” He looks down. “You should be scared of me.”
First of all, those emojis were adorable. But Erin was much more excited by the fact that Dean had actually responded. She ran back down the hallway, beaming as she reentered the kitchen.
"Of course you can sleep here. Unfortunately, we don't have an extra bed, but as far as couches go I think ours isn't terrible? And I'll grab you some extra blankets and pillows from the closet, so that should make things more comfortable." Cas gave her an apologetic look before moving off the bed and opening the closet.
Ah. Again with the Dean guy. Erin still wasn’t quite sure what the deal was there. Castiel didn’t wear a ring but was clearly infatuated with the man, and apparently they live and wake up together… Erin felt it was pretty safe to assume they were dating. Or maybe they were ‘life partners’? Their area of the Midwest could still be incredibly hostile towards gay couples, so she understood if they didn’t use normative relationship labels.
A small, stupid part of Dean had hoped it was all an insane dream, or that somehow by the morning little Cas would just be Cas again, and he’d get to punch him for making that stupid fucking deal before tackling him and wrapping his arms around him, never letting him go again, kissing him silly and telling him
hiiii so this is an epilogue of sorts?? this shit is STUPID sappy and incredibly self-indulgent, literally just almost 5k of fluff and baby jack <3 anyways enjoy :)
"Care to explain how Cas can be both healthy and fractured? Because as far as I know that's not fucking possible."
Not the one sappy, romantic tear, running slow down his cheek. Nope. Not the shiny eyes either, where they’re filled to the lashes, threatening to spill over. Nuh uh. This is full-on ugly crying. The kind of ugly cry that's mutually exclusive with happy crying.
"C'mon, Cas. Just take the drink." Dean squatted in front of Cas and ruffled his hair with a smile. "It'll make you feel better, okay? Trust me."
“Hey, c’mere. It’s okay, Cas. It’s okay.” He pauses, tries to think of what Cas needs to hear. “Listen, this doesn’t have to be all a bad thing. You resurrected every being in the Empty, right?” There’s movement up and down against his sternum, and Dean assumes it to be a nod.
Dean's body flooded with ice. Then he felt his resolve cracking, some of his sadness giving way to anger, hot and pulsing and overwhelming. He pulled away from Cas, needing to see his face.
Dean frowned, looking ready to argue the point, but Cas had finally directed his focus away from him and towards Jack and Erin. His mouth dropped open as he made eye contact with Erin, who blushed, suddenly feeling awkward and embarrassed about everything she’d just had to witness. Jack squealed happily and bounced in her lap, reaching his hands out towards his dad, who immediately drew him into his arms.
It took a minute of coaxing but Dean finally got Cas to pull away for a minute, allowing him to carefully strip off his clothes. He winced every time Dean accidentally brushed against his wings, flat out screaming when Dean had to peel the shirt from his back. It was all making Dean feel sick to his stomach.
Dean picked up the bottle again and held it under the tap, trying to get the formula to a warmer temp. Over the past few months, he and Cas had learned that Jack definitely preferred warm bottles over cold, plus they made him sleepier, which was a
Dean rinsed his hands under the faucet and ruffled Cas's hair, making some strands spike up wildly. "You're doing really good, buddy. I'm sure this isn't comfortable for you but you're takin' it like a champ, I'm proud of you." Cas chirped and trilled happily, feathers puffing out like a bird trying to show off. Smiling, Dean grabbed the bottle of shampoo and poured some of the liquid into his palm. "Alright, calm down, ya peacock. Almost done."
Cas shuffles his feet, shifts his weight around uncomfortably. "I may or may not have, ah, resurrected every being sleeping in the Empty."
an accident," Cas quickly justifies, a little huffy. "I'd like to see you have the full combined powers of both Death and the Empty and
so this chapter was weirdly hard to write for some reason??? idk i spent a rly long time writing and rewriting and im still not super happy with it :/ maybe it's just bc i've never rly written jack before so it's hard for me to know if i'm characterizing him right?? idk anyways!! i rly rly appreciated ur feedback on the last chapter :) knowing what yall wanted to see definitely helped with writing this chapter so thank u thank u thank u!!! also sorry for the random disney lyrics i just had those songs stuck in my head lol
The knob above the faucet squeaked loudly as Dean adjusted the heat. Cas stood peering over the edge of the tub, moving his right wing til the tips of the feathers skimmed the water. He chirped, apparently startled, and quickly withdrew the limb.
“Okay, sweetheart. Okay,” he says quietly, into Cas’s sunwarmed hair. Dean can still feel tremors running down Cas’s spine, and he starts tracing shapes with his fingers all over Cas’s back.
Very slowly, Dean squeezed the dripping cloth, letting water run from the tops of the wings to the tub. Cas shivered and reached for Dean with one arm, fisting his hand in his t-shirt, but he didn't appear to be in any real pain so Dean kept going. He honestly had no clue how wings were supposed to be cleaned or groomed or whatever, but he figured a little soap couldn't hurt. Lathering a bar in his hands, Dean very lightly brushed his fingers over the bloody feathers. Weird mystery buildup coating the wings began to dissolve, some feathers coming loose in the process. Cas sat completely rigid, just holding onto Dean's shirt like a lifeline as he sat in the increasingly murky water.
"Cas? What's wrong?" Dean looked back down at Jack in mild alarm, not quite sure what he was missing that had Cas so distressed. Distracted, he was nearly knocked over by Cas, who had launched himself at Dean in what must've been the most aggressive hug in history. It was like being attacked by a boa constrictor, or maybe a very angry koala.
Almost as though he'd heard Dean's thought, Cas sighed and turned to press himself against Dean's side, snuggling up to him like a puppy. Dean smiled and ruffled his damp hair. "That sleepy, huh?" Cas cracked open an eye and gave Dean a look that said
“It’s the Empty,” Jack whispered. “The dark reminds him of the Empty, makes him feel like he’s stuck back there again. Cold and void and alone.” Dean shuddered and held Cas a little tighter, eliciting a sleepy snuffle. It made his stomach drop, knowing that’s how Cas felt—no,
"Oh. I… probably should not have said all that. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to unload on you," he said, quickly and apologetically. "I forget about boundaries sometimes." Cas flushed and looked away as though embarrassed.
hi guys!! i meant to update sooner but i was possessed to write a different fic after seeing a tumblr post lol! if u want to read it
“See?” Light filled the room, and Cas’s eyes flashed blue when he looked at Dean, grabbing his cheeks in his little hands. “I’m real. We’re okay.”
" He knew he wasn't hurting the real Dean because Pseudo-Dean's soul wasn't the right shade of green, the gold not quite as bright. But it was alive enough, close enough to the real thing that shoving an angel blade into Fake Dean's heart was as painful as if he'd stabbed himself.
Cas stood up and moved away from the high chair, leaning against the kitchen counter like a crutch. There was a hitch in the shallow breath he took before he spoke again. "Erin, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I hate to put all this on you but I—I need to go, and I need you to watch Jack while I'm gone. I hate to leave you here but I
Erin made the drinks and brought them back to the counter. Castiel picked up one of them, peering at the messy and mildly smudged ‘CAS’ scribbled on the side. He stared for a second, eyes squinting a bit as an unreadable expression spread across his face. Erin blushed as Castiel looked up at her questioningly.
Again, Jasmine frowned deeply, like it was out of both unhappiness and intense concentration. Jack gurgled, growing sleepy in the carrier.
It took a second but awareness slowly returned to Cas. There was no other word Erin could use to describe his face other than melancholy. Maybe gut-wrenchingly nostalgic.
"I…" Dean wasn't really sure how much he wanted to explain what happened, rehash everything he went through again to Jack and Sam. He faltered and looked to Cas, who stared back owlishly.
"It's us! See, there's you and Dean, and then there's Cas, and then that's me." Craning his neck, Dean attempted to catch a glimpse of the picture. He could make out four figures on the paper: two guys in flannel, one clearly taller and with longer hair, standing next to a man with black hair and a clumsily sketched tan trenchcoat, sporting a pair of black wings. In the middle of them all was a shorter boy in a t-shirt and jeans, drawn with a big smile and gold wings. Each guy was clearly labeled as 'Sam', 'Dean', 'Dad', and 'Me!'. It made Dean's chest ache, just a little bit.
Cas, who’s currently sleeping in the backseat of the Impala, shivering under Dean’s jacket even with the heat on.
"Hey, dude. I made breakfast if you want some." Erin held up the plates of toast. They looked kinda sad, now that she thought about it, but oh well. Sometimes soggy toast is the best you can do.
“You know, Dean directly told me this is what he wanted. Living with me and Jack, giving us a shot. He said I needed to give him a chance. And I've given him the chance to do right by us, and for the most part he has. That's what I find most distressing—he's been wonderful up until now, so this sudden change in his behavior makes me inclined to believe he's realized this isn't actually what he wants.” He opened his eyes slowly and looked down, smoothing out the wrinkles in the shirt currently resting in his lap.
“Cas,” he starts, and his breath catches because he can feel the energy thrumming in the pads of Cas’s fingers. He can see something more in the blue of his eyes, something even more than Grace, than angel, and he’s not scared but he doesn’t understand.
Sam cleared his throat. "Um, I'm gonna leave now if you don't have any more questions. Maybe try to keep Cas from screaming again?"
"I thought Cas would like that one," Jack added, watching Cas scrabble for the clothes with a sad smile. His frustration and longing was palpable, and for a moment Dean almost wished Cas had been clingy with Jack, not him. He was breaking the kid's heart.
protruding from her guts. It was disturbing to look at, in no small part due to the fact that she was probably only a few years older than Erin.
Well then. Dean honestly felt a little sick to his stomach, a little light-headed. "Jesus fuck," he breathed, sounding mildly hysterical, "all those years and you
Ain’t that the million-dollar question. “Um, yeah? I think so? Just—just incredibly confused.” She smiled weakly at Cas. “I don’t know how we got here, and I have no idea what the fuck it was I just saw Jack do to you and Dean, and don’t even get me fucking started on the fire and the goddamn dead girl in the corner, but, uh. Physically I’m good. Just not totally sure I’m not dreaming right now.” The laugh that bubbled out of her throat was more than a little delirious, and she cringed at the note of hysteria it possessed.
“I would ask if you’re okay, but you’re clearly not, so what happened?" Erin heard his breath hitch, and her heart plummeted.
"Ah, yes. The grace is healing itself quite nicely, in fact. That was most likely the reason the wee angel felt ill yesterday. It takes a lot of energy to repair the broken bonds, and it wouldn't surprise me if the effort needed to force the grace to 'regroup' so to speak rendered Castiel unwell for a few hours."
before sudden pressure exploded in the back of his head, causing him to finally succumb to the darkness creeping into his mind.
“Okay, Dean.” Jack rolled his eyes but he was smiling, clearly amused by Dean’s overbearing antics. He gave him one last thumbs up, unfurled his invisible wings, and just like that, Dean was alone again.
before you, so I didn't know how to identify the emotion. But yes, for me I guess you could say it was love at first sight." A lopsided smile spread across Cas's face. "In fact, I'm pretty sure I told Erin I was lost the second I saw you in Hell. Hester was right—not totally, of course. Your touch has
“You’re supposed to talk about it with me, not completely ignore me and shut me out. I expect you to act like a fucking adult. Jesus, it’s literally the bare fucking minimum, Cas.” Dean sighed again, rubbing his face in exasperation.
"Listen, Cas. You're one of the good guys, I promise. I don't care what you think your memories are telling you, you're
For a couple seconds, nothing happened. Rowena kept the heel of her palm pressed flat against Cas, who went cross-eyed watching it. Dean relaxed minutely.
Above them, the overhead garage lights flared and shattered one by one, showering the Impala in a rain of glass and sparks. Dean pulled back, eyes wide; Cas stared back, eyes even wider.
"Yes ma'am," he grunted, just a little sarcastic. Cas hummed grumpily as he was shifted from one arm to the other so Dean had better access to the cup. He gave Rowena a look when he reached across the table to slide it to her.
of a taste of freedom, over and over, only to wake you up and throw you back into the horror of reality again. Your pain will be utterly exquisite. I’m quite looking forward to it."
"Thanks, man. Alright, you can pour the chocolate chips in the bowl now. Just do as much as you want, I never use measuring cups." Smiling, Jack then proceeded to dump over half the bag into the batter. The bowl was nearly overflowing with chips, but the kid looked so damn pleased with himself Dean didn't have the heart to tell him he definitely went a little overboard.
"It's okay, Dean," Jack interrupted. "Not your fault. You couldn't have known he'd leave like that."
"Okay, what do you remember after that?" Dean interrupted. He didn't think it was a good idea for Cas to reminisce on his stint as God. Having to see the aftermath of his choices made him suicidal as an adult, and Dean really didn't want to find out how it made him feel as a six (probably? maybe seven? Dean wasn't great at age guessing) year old.
And his heart stops, because the voice isn’t right, the pitch isn’t the same, but the cadence is unmistakable. Reverence, adoration, devotion.
The trench coat had somehow moved across the floor, now only inches away from Dean. The material folded and creased as the coat
“Here, you can hand those to me, I’ll go hang them up or something,” he said, poking Cas in the back and holding out his hand, but he just ignored him.
“Hi there. Y’all ready to order yet?” Dean hadn’t even noticed the waitress approaching their table. “I can get drinks if y’all need more time to look at the menu.” He opened his mouth to speak but Sam beat him to it, clearing his throat.
“I know, Dean. Believe me, I know, and I would do anything not to get her involved in this.” Cas sounded so sad, and something in Erin’s chest ached at those words. “But we can’t just hide. Erin deserves to know the truth. I will not lie to her.” He turned back to face Erin, his expression a pained mix of guilt and regret and resignation. Before he could say anything, a massive cough escaped his throat, and he doubled over awkwardly, trying to avoid squishing Jack while also hacking up a lung.
"Okay, I'm not going anywhere." Erin grabbed Cas's hand and gave it a reassuring squeeze. He poked his head out from under the comforter, squinting at her before sitting up and shrugging off the blanket altogether.
Dean frowned. They were right; Rowena was probably the only person who could offer insight about Cas’s condition. “I don’t like it. I really, really don’t like it, but I don’t see any other options. Let’s call her up.”
"Even then, sometimes the people you trust to always be there for you, the people you'd die for, are the ones that distance themselves once you really need them. They decide you're not worth their effort anymore the second you need more help than you can offer in return, the second you outlive your usefulness. They let you go and don't look back." He ran a hand through his hair, weary, bone-tired. Erin was starting to flashback to some of those first encounters at Starbucks, when Cas was still Castiel and she was still just the indulgent barista.
"Shit. Fuck. Okay. Thanks for trying, at least." Dean pinched the bridge of his nose and sighed, prompting Cas to chirp and cling to him a little tighter.
Jack opened the door a bit wider so he could poke his head in and smiled. “Hi, Dean. I just wanted to say goodnight and check on Cas. Is he doing any better?”
“Cas, I, uh—I know I’m gonna spend the rest of my life with you. Don’t need a ring or some piece of paper to make that true, but, uh—you deserve it, man. You deserve the stupid proposal speech, the ring, the whole nine yards, and I wanna give it to you, so.” He swallows, fumbles the tiny box out of his flannel pocket. His hand is shaking like a bitch but he manages to snap the case open and shove the band in Cas’s face.
“I just want to go home,” Jasmine admitted, meek and small. She wouldn't look at Erin but she curled her unsteady fingers around Erin's own, and the tension in the air softened.
Mild confusion clouded Erin’s brain. So clearly Castiel is deeply, hopelessly in love, but he and Dean
As much as he likes to deny it, Dean knows he’s a bit of a romantic at heart, and he’s been waiting for the perfect time to pop the question. It’s a pleasant Thursday when he finally summons the courage to propose. It’s a funny thing, actually—he’s just restocking the fridge when he looks out the window above the sink and sees Cas, dancing as he bends over his tomato plants, Dean’s walkman tucked into the front pocket of his overalls. His skin shines sweaty under the afternoon sun, and the denim is caked in earthy soil. He turns and catches Dean’s eye through the window, and his entire face brightens like a glowing star. There’s happiness absolutely exuding from his body as he drops his tools and waves at Dean, and that’s when Dean knows. He leaves the groceries on the counter and bolts out the back door, surprising Cas as he crosses the yard with clumsy feet and wide, hopeful eyes.
hi yall!! sorry ik this chapter is kinda all over the place lol i just needed to indulge some of my s7 brainworms like. cas literally went insane! bc of hell trauma! n they literally abandoned him! n it simply never got talked abt!! so yeah. i made them talk abt it :) sorry for the kinda cliffhanger too oops
That night, Dean could see the Gateway Arch from his room, tall and stark against the rest of the dark Missouri sky. For just a second, he could picture Cas there next to him on the fluffy bed, probably channel surfing or texting Erin (who in this hypothetical scenario would be babysitting Jack, obviously). He fell asleep aching at the thought.
Dean hit the floor hard, sprawled across the unforgiving concrete of the bunker’s dungeon. The Empty spat him out, dizzy and disoriented but in one piece, and that’s all he could really ask for. Groaning, Dean blinked slowly and pushed himself to his knees before he froze in terrible realization. Cas’s hand was absent from his own, despite having stumbled towards the portal with their fingers interlocked just moments ago. His heart stopped, dread flooding his body like a bucket of ice water dumped over his head.
Dean jerked away from Erin, whose fingers had been inches away from Cas’s, and somehow managed to pull Cas even closer to his chest, protecting him from whatever dangers Dean perceived to be out to get them (which apparently included Erin). She flinched, guilt immediately filling her stomach.
As Sam and Jack lined up to fill their own plates with food, Dean couldn’t help smiling. Yeah, the day had started out pretty shitty, but as far as afternoons go, this was one of the best Dean could remember ever spending with Jack. Cas, too. He raised his eyes up towards where Cas sat, resting his upper body on the top of Dean’s head.
"Nah." They walked in silence for a while, broken only by the chirping of crickets and the music spilling out of other bars. Eventually, he asked again. "Seriously, what was the deal back there? It seemed like you were having an okay time, at least for a while."
Castiel roils in the branches of the tree next door. He should rain fire on the house for daring to harm Dean Winchester, but not while there are people inside of it.
Dean was Sam's mom nine times in the three and a half years between that first motel with Mollie and the first time he went on a hunt with John, and then there were almost five years where Sam spent those hunts with Bobby or Pastor Jim or another of Dad's hunting contacts. By the time they were alone in motels again, Sam had grown out of it, and they never spoke of it again.
Sam finds him the next morning, shortly before breakfast is ready. "So," he says, as Dean pulls the bacon out of the oven, "Mom, huh?"
"I'm reserving judgment. Here we are." She showed him into a ground-floor apartment and started taking off her clothes before she even reached the bedroom. By the time they were there, she was down to her underwear, pink panties and a mismatched black lace bra. She clearly hadn't been planning on pulling tonight, and that made Dean feel a little smug. She paused with her bra halfway off. "Like what you see?"
If anything he felt kind of... happy? Yeah, the dude was minorly creepy about it, but nobody had called him
"No." He's a little surprised to find it's true. "It might've, once, a long time ago, but I seem to have gotten past that sort of thing." If anything it's an actually positive feeling, this warmth in his chest that makes him feel closer to his own mom. Mary's relationship to motherhood was just as strained and strange as his.
“Mom!” he exclaims, like the idea never occurred to him, and... Christ, yeah, Dean should’ve expected him to run with that one. “I’m going to tell Phoebe!” he adds, and runs off down the hall.
Cas resumes his gentle caress. "Oh, my love," Cas says. His voice is a comforting rumble beneath Dean's cheek. "You are so precious to me."
And that was that. Come the night of David's Halloween party, Dean donned a white dress and his darkest jeans. He adjusted the hat in the bathroom mirror. "I look ridiculous." It was just long enough that it felt like he was wearing a dress, but not long enough that he got to enjoy any of the things he thought might be nice about wearing a dress. The elastic band on the lid dug into his chin.
Mom had been pregnant that Christmas, would've been four-ish months. She'd worn a black velvet dress and kitten heels. The swell of Sam in her stomach was just starting to show. John had driven them in the Impala and dropped them off at the entrance to the theater. Dean didn't remember the actual show, but he remembered waiting outside in the cold for the doors to open, Mary's hand warm in his.
Cas stirs uncomfortably as the demon drips its blood into Sam’s mouth. When Mary shows up at the door and recognizes it, he surges forward. Dean Winchester will lose his brother tonight, even though he doesn’t know it. He cannot lose his mother too.
(Good job, Castiel,) one of his superiors says from Heaven. He preens under the praise, and watches Dean Winchester squall and shake his fists, already angry at the injustice of the world.
If he put on the ballet shoes, he would dance until he died. After he was dead, Sam would still be nuts. Cas and Bobby would still be gone. The world would still be on-track for its third apocalypse in as many years. Nothing would change, except he would be dead.
"Even if you wanted to watch the Hobbit, I wouldn’t let you." Cas slips in his side of the car. "Not after what they did to Beorn."
(This is what Hell wants,) he says as Dean Winchester stands at the intersection of two gravel roads. (You are playing into their hands.)
at anything since before he dropped out of high school - sophomore year, Mrs. McCulloch, his history teacher. When he handed in that paper about death rituals in the southwestern United States. He wasn't exactly able to tell her how he knew all of that, though, and she lost interest in him when he stopped putting the effort in. Tonight had been so much simpler. He did the thing. He was good at it. He got paid.
One week after the incident with the shtriga, Dean Winchester drops his seven-year-old brother off at school, walks back to the most recent motel he calls home, and aims a gun at his head.
"Giving as good as I get," she volleyed back, bite and acid in her voice. Another long silence. "From everything you've told me, and everything you've talked around, it's probably a good thing neither of you were girls."
And he will, that's the thing. At some point Dean stopped believing that this is all gonna get snatched away from him. At some point he got so comfortable in this life they've built that he was able to ask himself questions he's gotten through his whole forty-odd years without asking. He doesn't recognize himself when he looks in the mirror, and that's a
Dean forced a smile. "Nah," he said, "I'm good." It was a lie, but all he'd done for six months was lie. This one would hardly topple the stack. "Just don't make me pick the costume."
“What do you mean, kid?” Dean snatches the batter out from under Jack’s wandering hands and dollops it into the prepared pan - one, two, three. It spits and sizzles at the contact.
Maybe there's something painfully obvious in Dean's voice, because Cas puts his pizza back on its paper plate and sets it to the side. He angles himself towards Dean. "I've been in a female vessel at multiple points in history, yes, but I'm not sure I would have described myself as a woman. At the time I was an angel, and that mattered more to me than human ideas of gender."
Later, at some point between the Mines of Moria and Treebeard, Dean mutters, “78,” into Cas’s shoulder.
Cas rubs his thumb in soothing circles on Dean’s palm. “You remember when you met Jimmy, how Zachariah stole me away in order to, ah, 'recondition’ me?”
“Dean.” The light-creature steps forward, reaches out, fixes a hand to Dean’s shoulder. “Remember me.”
When Dean Winchester is fifteen years old, Castiel’s superiors start paying attention to him again. (You’ve gone soft,) they taunt, whenever Castiel tries to bring Dean Winchester comfort. (Look at you, already halfway fallen.)
Things go back to their new normal pretty quickly. Turns out that being a woman sometimes isn't that different from being a man. Dean still wakes up before everybody else and cooks breakfast while he listens to music. She still spends movie nights with her family in the Dean cave, curled up with Cas on the sectional. He still hunts, when hunts crop up, though they're much fewer and further between than they were when Chuck was around. She does end up getting a part-time bartending job, at a new place that opens up in Lebanon. One of Jack's friends runs the place. It's got a big trans flag behind the bar, and Dean wears her pronoun pin to work.
The demon flicks its hand and Cas goes smashing face-first into the wall. His lip splits open, and the blood on his tongue tastes like he’s always imagined Dean would.
He curls around Dean Winchester afterwards, in his tiny one-bed motel room. He fills up the whole space, so Dean Winchester can’t breathe without feeling him. (I’m here,) he chants as Dean Winchester cries into his pillow. (I’m here, I’m here.)
"Well, you're in for a treat tonight, Dean," said Brian. Dean was about to ask him what he meant, but he hushed him and gestured to the stage. "Just watch," he said, and turned towards his next customer. So Dean shrugged, took another sip of his drink, and watched the stage. He didn't have to wait long.
up. "I've been a coward," he said again, "because I haven't - I didn't - I love you, too, Cas. I love you too."
Christ, he can't keep track of all Jack's friends. "It's a dress," he says, because apparently he's just stating the obvious.
"I told them that my mom came out as genderfluid," Jack says, "and they gave me all this." 'All this' is a pile of clothes, accessories, and decorations, some with the rainbow flag Dean knows but most with one of two others. "This one here," Jack holds out a t-shirt that's a little small for Dean, but it's the thought that counts, "is the transgender flag."
Dean doesn't drop the baking tray; he's very proud of that fact. "Yep," he says, and his voice barely wobbles. "Mom indeed."
"Oh." Jack frowned at the DVDs he had spread out on the floor. "He asked if we were okay. He thanked me, when I explained I was getting him out. He said he didn't want to waste another second chance. Do you like
The light-creature steps forward and once-Dean shrinks back. His eyes haven’t hurt like this for ten years, since Alistair scooped them out with a melon baller soaked in acid. “Look around you. This is Hell.”
Sam frowned. “Where is my mom, then? Mollie says everybody has one.” Mollie down the hall was five, and lived with her mom, but most nights she couldn’t stay in their room, so she sometimes would sleep in Dean’s bed, and Dean would share with Sam, and the next morning Mollie's mom would give them money for pizza.
He feels everything that Dean Winchester feels down in the Pit, or at least a distant echo of it. He hears Dean’s screams in his mind, floating through him like Castiel once floated through Dean’s room.
Dean collapses forward, desperate all of a sudden for Cas’s warmth. Cas rises to meet him; their foreheads clunk together with a sound like home.
Dean fiddles with his empty plate. "Yeah, you can ask." His voice is thin. "I'm not sure I can answer."
Perhaps, Castiel thinks, that should not be an urge fostered in Michael’s vessel. None of his superiors are watching as he slides into Hailey’s head. (You should go play Batman,) he suggests, careful to keep his presence in Hailey’s subconscious. (If he tries it unchaperoned he may hurt himself.) He’s outside in the branches of the tree already by the time Hailey has ushered Dean Winchester outside.
“I was talking to Phoebe,” says Jack - Phoebe is his latest online friend; she lives in Canada and wants to be a children’s librarian - “and remembered that we’re not supposed to use real names and then I realized that I call Cas my papa and I call Sam my dad and I call Eileen my
And oh, Dean realized as he stared, she wasn't a 'she' at all. She - he - was a man dressed up as a woman, and what's more, he seemed to be enjoying himself. He paraded up and down the stage, introducing other performers one by one, most of whom were also crossdressing in one way or another. The whole time he had this radiant smile on his face, like there was nowhere else he'd rather be. Not all of the people on stage were as polished as Ariel, but that seemed to be the unifying factor, their happiness.
Dean’s not even sure it’s the same star, but he can’t help but talk to it. He’s still got eleven months, he keeps telling himself. 334 days. That’s plenty of time. They’ll find something. He’s beaten death twice, he can do it again.
She shrugged. Her collarbones flashed in the street light. "I don't really fit in with my cousin's crowd."
God, Dean's going to drown in tears one of these days. "Thanks for not lying to me. Saying something about how it wouldn't change anything, or how she wouldn't care." A beat. "Dad would fucking flip."
Castiel watches from the corner as Dean Winchester systematically snaps the crayons into pieces. He’s not yelling or throwing things, but he does appear to be very consistently destructive.
She wasn't sure how she wanted to do this, at first. She didn't really 'come out' when she got together with Cas, because there was no point. Everyone in her life knew she loved him long before she did. This is different. This is something she hid so deep within herself that she had to
He’s sitting on the hood of the car. Sam’s sleeping in the motel. He had to sneak out in order to get a moment’s peace, and even now he’s a little afraid some nutjob with a gun is going to come raging out of the trees across the street.
It makes Castiel rankle, though. Dean Winchester is still hardly a child, and John is already leaving him behind for days and with instructions to “Not leave the room for anything, not even if you need food. Daddy will be back soon.”
“Uh, hey. It’s been a while, huh? Did you - did you see Ben, earlier? He was so damn brave. I could swear, he looks just like I did at that age.”
"And I wonder - I hope. Not with this baby. But someday. If that's what you want, I'd want something like that for you."
Dean Winchester tries to tug away, but Castiel curls around him tighter. He accepts the demon into him as it burns away, lets it warp him and shape him into a creature of both shadow and light, of both Dean Winchester and not-Dean Winchester.
The man shrugged. "Why not?" he said. He jerked his chin at one of the trucks, one with a big yellow cab and a Pepsi logo on the cargo. "Back to mine?"
Dean would have been almost four when Mom took him to see the Nutcracker, the Christmas before Sammy was born. A little young for it, looking back now, but Mary knew the clock was counting down on her deal, and she must have been desperate to give him as many good memories as she could. Dad had pitched a fit, Dean remembered, something about how no son of his should give a shit about ballet, but Mom said that it was a tradition she'd shared with her mother and she was going to continue it. Did Dad know how much of their relationship had been lies from the start?
A week after Dean Winchester’s birthday, when Daddy has been gone for four days, the food runs out. Dean Winchester gives the last of it - half a Fruit Roll-Up - to Sam and curls up against the hunger pains that night. Castiel curves up alongside him and tries to breathe comfort into his mind, even though Dean Winchester doesn’t know he’s there. (It’s okay,) he says in light waves too long for the human eye to process. (I’ve got you.)
There's a bunch more stuff in the pile, but next Jack pulls out something so small Dean might have missed it entirely. He holds it out in the palm of his hand. "What's this?" asks Dean, already moving to look at it. It's a small enamel pin, divided in half. It says 'she' on one side and 'he' on the other, and in the middle is a tiny arrow. Dean nudges the arrow, and sure enough, it moves.
He stays by Dean Winchester while Mary’s death flashes in his dreams over and over again. It’s not until the morning rolls around that he realizes he’s almost physical, here in a bed with Dean Winchester. For the first time he can recall, he wishes he had a vessel.
“Dean,” he pleads, even though whatever creature is in front of him is so far from the man he loves that he’s almost unrecognizable. “I know you’re in there. I know you can hear me.”
Dean pokes the arrow onto the 'he' side and pins it to his chest. "I don't... really know what to say, Jack. Thank you. You're a good kid."
Cas laughs, but sobers quickly. “I just want you to know that you always have a home with me. You matter a lot, Dean. I know you don’t believe it, but - you’re a hero.”
The demon’s grin curves up at one corner like Dean’s cheek is being cut open with a knife. “Oh, he can hear you,” it taunts. “I just wish you could hear him. Begging, pounding against the walls in his head…. Man, he hasn’t screamed like this since Hell.”
that men don't just go around wearing dresses. That that's the sort of choice that has risks associated with it. But he's not worried, not defensive. His shoulders are loose and he's smiling. He feels safe here, safe in his friend's cream-colored dress with the flowers embroidered on the hem, and abruptly Dean feels like he might cry.
He tries to stop Dean Winchester from making the deal, but he won’t listen, and Castiel cannot bring Sam back to life no matter how hard he tries. Some souls lay out of his reach.
“Well, Heaven loves crucifixion. He crucified me thirteen times before I finally caved. He did it in all sorts of interesting ways, too. Upside down, sideways, nails through my stomach and thighs. Once he rigged the cross to spin, and whenever the blood rushed to my head and I thought I might finally faint he sent it whirling around to revive me.”
hi guys!!!! ok tbh i'm not super duper happy w this chapter, i had a weirdly hard time writing the beginning and i didn't want it to be this long (it's like. 2k more than any other chapter whoops) but i couldn't find a good place to split it so sorry abt that :/ hopefully this made up for all the angst last chapter tho!!! anyways as always thank u so much for reading n being patient :D i love to hear from yall so if u have any thoughts pls leave a comment!! also @ ppl who have been commenting, idk if i've already said this but i LOVE yall!!! i see u, i appreciate u, u guys are always so sweet n it means so much to me that yall actually like my writing lol so thank u thank u thank u <3
A soft sniffle drew Dean back to reality. Cas twitched in his lap, cheek rubbing against the rough denim. His face was scrunched up a little, shoulders tense and raised to his ears. Dean wiped his hand on a napkin before bringing it to Cas's head and mussing up his hair affectionately. He relaxed with a quiet, content sigh.
"Yeah, of course, I wasn't trying to insinuate anything. It's not that we want him back because he's a burden this way. He deserves to be in his right mind, he would want to get back to normal as fast as possible."
Cas, this isn't your fault." Dean whirled around and grabbed Cas's hand, forcing him to look at him. "
Erin wanted to roll her eyes, but she understood how possessive Dean was of Cas. Plus, given what had just happened, she couldn’t really blame him for wanting to take care of Cas on his own, even if he was just making things harder for himself.
Immediately her mood brightened a bit; Castiel was a quirky motherfucker, and that’s putting it lightly, but there was something strangely endearing about him. Erin had seen him a couple times since their first interaction. They would say hi to each other, chat for a minute if business was slow (and it typically was), and  after a few conversations she'd realized she actually really liked talking with him. Castiel was just so genuinely earnest, so sincere. It’s like he had no sense of obligation to cater to social norms, no constructed persona he was trying to project. Erin definitely felt like every day was a performance on her part; she wasn’t inauthentic per se, but there was a purposefully crafted identity she had created to present to the world. Castiel just seemed like he didn’t give a shit about what the world saw in him, and his lack of inhibition was refreshing, if not a little off-putting.
“Hey,” Dean cut in, firm but soft. “Listen to me. This is real. We’re real. You’ve been here with me, me and Jack and Sam. Even Rowena, remember? She’s been helping us. We got you back.”
He hasn’t talked about it with Cas yet, but ever since Dean was a kid, he’s always had this secret desire to get married. He never expected to actually get to do it, of course—hunting taught him that he’d die young and bloody, and that’s just the way it had to be. But he’s out of the life now, and he promised Sam he’d go after the things he wants, and, well, this has been at the top of the list for a while.
was he scared of getting him hurt again. Cas was so vulnerable like this, and yeah, he still had his angelic powers and whatever, but Dean couldn't help feeling extremely protective of him anyways.
He scooted back a little so he could sit up better against the pillows, shaking Cas a bit in the process. Cas shifted his head, burying his face a little further into Dean's collarbone with a satisfied hum.
Sam raised an eyebrow incredulously. “Yeah, good luck with that. Don’t wake me up when it’s three in the morning and Cas is bouncing off the walls.” Dean glared at him, although he knew he was most likely right.
"Hush, love. It's okay, go to sleep. I'm right here," Cas whispered, his chin resting on Dean's shoulder.
to do it. That it's his responsibility, and his alone. Take hunting, for example. Dean hunts in part because he truly enjoys it. He enjoys administering justice, protecting others, righting wrongs, but he also does it because it’s his job. Job, as in intrinsic duty, not profession. As in he’s somehow failed as a person if he doesn’t do those things." He scowled at the pair of jeans in his hands, as though they’d personally offended him, like they were the reason Dean didn't develop into a healthy and well-adjusted adult.
Cas didn't look totally convinced but he nodded anyways, slow and somewhat uncertain. "I suppose that's true." A pause, then he frowned.
“Jack, shh, calm down. Shh, c’mon, stop fighting me, sweetie. You’re gonna hurt yourself,” she said, voice a little shaky. Jack was basically thrashing against her now, a complete one-eighty from where he’d been just ten minutes ago. His breathing had become irregular, only taking in oxygen every few chest-heaving sobs as he gulped for air, like a man drowning in choppy waters. The color in his cheeks was getting darker and darker, his wails increasingly hoarse, and Erin was getting really freaked. This was
Too afraid to turn around, Dean remained rigid, not even daring to breathe. It was cowardly, and Dean hated himself for it, but he knew if he was greeted by empty space he would absolutely fucking lose it. It would break—no, it would
“I-I honestly don’t know.” He looks nervous, and Dean squeezes his wrists, reassuring. “Something happened when the Empty took Billie and I. They touched, and it was like—” Cas shivers. “I don’t even know how to describe it, but it was almost like they—they melted into one another. Barriers broke, and two cosmic entities became one cohesive mass of energy, and it latched onto the nearest thing.”
. She didn’t even know the guy and she felt like she could compile an entire list of evidence suggesting otherwise just based on what she knew from Cas. Take this instance: Dean LITERALLY called him an angel, and not just
The bunker had a lot of bathrooms; Dean considered using the communal showers to rinse Cas's wings before figuring it'd probably be best for him to sit in a tub. Plus, maybe he'd actually like the water. After all, birds liked baths, right?
Sam opened the door to the diner, holding it for Jack and Dean as they walked in. Jack led the way to a booth in the corner, far away from any other customers.
“Erin—how—what—” He stopped his jumbled sentence prematurely, pausing to take a deep breath. Erin just let him take his time, waiting until he finally choked out an “Are you okay?”
"Goodnight, Erin." Cas turned off the lights as he walked back to his room, leaving Erin alone in the dark. As tired as she was, she couldn't stop thinking about how Cas acted, until it hit her. The night of Thee Argument, she remembered Cas saying something along the lines of
"Nope, get over here. Can't get away that easily." Dean pulled him into his lap, wrapping his arms around him. Cas's eyes were shiny, his cheeks wet and blotchy. He struggled briefly, wiggling against Dean, but quickly melted into the hug and began to hum happily. "I'm sorry, Cas. I didn't really know what you were doing but I get it now, and I screwed up. I didn’t mean to mess up your nest, I was just bein’ stupid and forgot. I think it looks great, and I’m happy you wanna share it with me.”
"C'mon, Cas. You gotta wake up, Rowena's here and she might have something to help us. I wanna get you better but we can't if you don't get out of bed, okay?" He kept running his fingers through Cas's hair, stopping when he huffed against his shoulder with a grumpy hum.
Jack shook his head. "No, I can see his grace, it's definitely still there, but it's…" He struggled to articulate, face scrunched up in concentration. "It's almost like it's expanded. Grace is normally centralized in an angel, but Cas's is spread thin across his body. His true form, too."
"Aye, it appears we essentially gave his grace a swift kick in the pants," Rowena replied, not taking her eyes off Cas. "Not exactly what we wanted, but better than nothing, hmm?"
The question tore through Dean like a hurricane just making landfall, shredding his insides into tatters and strips, raw and sensitive and soaked in acidity. He barely had time to choke out a "Sam, I—" before tearing himself away from Cas in pursuit of the nearest trash can. Or toilet. Either one worked.
"You know, I once told him I'd watch the world descend to chaos by his side. I'd let the world burn as long as Dean didn't. I wish I could say that's changed, but I don't think I can. If anything, it's just expanded to include Jack."
Dean took a second to look over the girl’s shoulder discreetly. There was, in fact, a creepy looking blonde guy, sitting by himself, blatantly staring in their direction.
coming up soon(ish? idk if it will actually end up being the next chapter lol) - tfw 2.0 goes to the park 🐢
She didn’t know what triggered the meltdown specifically, but truth be told it’d definitely been a long time coming. Cas had left close to seven hours earlier, and at that point Erin was just impressed that there hadn’t been even a single uncontrollable wailing session since then.
him. Probably send him into hysterics for the rest of his goddamn life. Thus motionless he remained, nausea roiling in his gut as he waited to hear “Hello, Dean,” perhaps a grumpily muttered “That was unpleasant.”
Erin smiled sadly. “I don’t think he cares, Dean. If pain was a deterrent Cas would’ve fallen out of love fucking ages ago. Now go grovel at his fucking feet.”
"Hey." The fingers were back in his hair. "You don't need to hide, Cas. It's nothing bad, I swear. I still…" Cas could feel Dean's chest expand and deflate, slow and measured. "I still love you, okay? That's not what I wanna talk about." Another breath. "I just—I just need to know if you were serious. About the house. Did you really find something?"
"No. I'm done, Dean. I don't want to hear it. If you're going to go, just go. I won't stop you." He scooped out a heaping spoonful of orange baby food, accepted hungrily by a squealing Jack.
"I'm assuming the angel had to use some of his grace to restore you when he rebuilt your body, after Hell, yes? It's still there, I could feel it reaching out when I was connected to Castiel's grace." She frowned. "You didn't know?"
“No, it just… hurts. Aches.” The corners of Dean’s mouth tug even further down. He hates the idea that Cas is vulnerable to pain now, that he can bleed just like everybody else.
I don't wanna go back, don’t let it take me Dean, don’t wanna go,” Cas wailed in his ear, words running into each other. "It's gonna come back and take me from you, you have to stop it, you can't let it, you
(don't tell me what to do, Dean). Jack tried and failed to cover up a laugh, bringing a hand up over his mouth. Scowling, Dean just shook his head and turned back to the stove. "Fine, go ahead, burn your wing off, see if I care," he grumbled, annoyed but also secretly a little glad Jack and Cas seemed to be bonding. Out of the corner of his eye, he could see Jack's hand, empty of chips, still extended towards Cas. Very hesitantly, Cas reached out and wrapped his own fist around Jack's pointer finger, the same way he had with Dean. He hummed softly and Jack grinned from ear to ear.
"That can be folded, as well as any other shirt," Cas responded, carrying in another basket of laundry. He dumped the clothes on the unmade bed before flopping into it himself, sprawled on the mattress. Erin suppressed a laugh.
the center of that angel's life, which means I'm currently in possession of some incredibly valuable leverage." She leaned in close, dragging one long, crimson nail across Dean’s cheek, letting it come to rest on his bottom lip. “You wanna know what I want? I want the nephil, and you're going to lead me straight to it.”
Jack had been unusually quiet ever since Cas left. Suspiciously quiet. No crying, no screaming, not even a whine. To be honest, it was kind of scaring Erin. Meltdowns, she could deal with; this? Not so much. Even lunchtime passed by without a hitch, which
Jack’s eyes fluttered at the sound of Erin’s voice. He blinked sleepily, beginning to squirm weakly against the carrier’s restraints. Castiel noticed and reached down to unbuckle Jack, gently picking him up before responding. “Yes. He’s been staying with me as soon as I could have him, just a couple weeks after he was born. Dean and Sam have been kind enough to let us live with them.”
After a few minutes, most of Cas's extremities returned to their normal color, and he'd stopped shaking so hard. Dean helped him
The hardest part is forcing himself to burn the handprint. It’s stupid, because just looking at it makes him sick, but the thought of parting with it is somehow even worse. Dean can’t live with it and he can’t live without it.
"Dean. Calm down, she's not going to hurt anyone. Jack… healed her or whatever, brought her back to life. Her name is Jasmine, and she said she got possessed. We need to take her home." Dean's eyes widened in understanding, and his entire demeanor changed.
you and you—you—” He burst into tears and fell to his knees, crumpling in on himself like a broken doll.
"He's alive, don't worry." Jack's voice cut through the otherwise total silence in the room. "I can see him, he's just resting for a second."
"Cas?" He hesitantly poked the shaking pile of shirts and got nothing but a pitiful chirp in response. Dean was about to try again when someone knocked on his door.
"I got it from here. You go take a nap or some shit, okay? I swear you're a few seconds away from straight up collapsing," Erin teased as she scooped up a squirming Jack. Honest to God, Cas looked so relieved and grateful, she was genuinely a little scared he might faint on the spot.
Dean opened his mouth to speak but Erin beat him to it, still maintaining eye contact with Cas, a wicked grin on her face. “Hi, Cas. You want your regular?”
The conversation opened to an image of a house. It looked a little worn, a little rough around the edges, but a solid house nonetheless. Bushes and trees surrounded the property, yet-to-bloom flowerbeds sprinkled across the front lawn. There was a sign in the yard, a big red 'SOLD' sticker slapped on the front side. Standing next to the sign was Dean, holding Jack propped up against his hip. They were both smiling, Jack looking up at Dean while Dean looked adoringly at whoever was behind the camera.
"Fuck. Okay, I promised Cas I wouldn't tell you any of this shit and truthfully I don't think you deserve to hear it but you're being so incredibly obtuse I don't know how else to get through to you. God, the way he talks about you," Erin closed her eyes for a second, "it's fucking indescribable, how much he loves you." Dean flinched. A sick, vindictive part of her enjoyed it.
As Erin futilely attempted to keep Jack still in her arms, he let out a particularly ear-splitting shriek, and there was a weird crashing noise from the other side of the house. The baby went right on crying uncontrollably but Erin froze, holding in her breath. There wasn’t supposed to be anyone else in the house, and she knew Cas didn’t have pets. Her heart raced behind her ribs; so not only did she have to deal with a hysterical baby, she might have to deal with a fuckin’ intruder-slash-murderer too. Great.
Tiny fingers dug into Dean’s bicep as he pulled away, leaning back so he could actually see what he was looking at. Yep. Definitely a kid. Probably about two or three years old, if he had to guess. Toddler age range. His face was set in a pout, dark hair messy and brushing across his forehead in a few stray strands. Big, blue eyes, staring owlishly at Dean’s face with an intensity only Cas possessed.
"I got to protect you, one last time. That's all I've ever wanted. You deserve to be saved, always, and I
“How else am I supposed to act, Dean? How else do you expect me to react?” Cas finally whipped his head around to directly address Dean, eyes blazing and jaw set. Frustration rolled off his body in thick waves, and for a fleeting second Dean couldn’t help but think that Cas is really beautiful when he’s angry. Then he came back to his senses and returned the angry glare with a vengeance.
"Buddy, it's way easier to sleep in the dark. I'm not gonna be able to sleep with the light on." Dean bit his lip. "Are you scared? Of the dark? 'Cuz I'm not going anywhere. I'll be right next to you the whole time."
"This isn't to say that my actions are somehow selfless or noble or anything like that. Because they're not. They've always been selfish, based on my own selfish need to put Dean's wellbeing first, because I love him." He looked into his lap before lifting his head, staring straight forward.
A persistent poking in his side pulled Dean back from his thoughts. Cas had shifted out of Dean's lap to grab his picture and was now butting his head against Dean, humming impatiently.
beyond dangerously hot. Dean knew he had to do something before it got worse (if that was even possible).
at all immune to. Jesus Christ, Jack was so adorable, Erin could literally feel her heart about to slide out of her ass.
(yup, suck it up). Sam snorted from the passenger seat, looking over his shoulder incredulously. Helpless, Dean rolled his eyes and heaved a mighty sigh before throwing the keys towards the front. They flew through the air into Sam's waiting hand, who promptly relocated himself to the driver's seat. As the engine roared to life, Cas let out a short but satisfied hum and released Dean's shirt to grab his hand instead.
"Agreed," Cas conceded with an odd little grin. "And believe me, I've had enough legitimate mental breakdowns to know. You truly don't know who your real friends are until you've been certifiably insane at least once." Erin waited for him to wink or something, but he never did, which, uh,
Dean startled, then abandoned the spotless counter he’d currently been working on and whipped around to see Jack and Cas, hand-in-hand. Jack hastily wiped at his face, greeting Dean with an exhaled "I'mgonnagotomyroom" as he rushed out of the kitchen, leaving Cas by himself.
Cas's lip began trembling and he sniffled lightly. "Dean," he began, voice hoarse. He tried to say more but ended up just floundering, overwhelmed.
“Me ‘n Sammy would do this sometimes,” Dean says softly. “Crack open a beer and listen to the crickets, watchin’ for shooting stars. Sometimes he’d point out constellations, smart son of a bitch. Never knew what the hell he was talkin’ about but I tried to follow along.” He chuckles and it hurts like nothing else.
(I know you're upset). Warmth pulsed from his palm and Dean could feel the grace dispersing through his body, erasing all the tension and negativity. He reached up a finger to blindly poke Cas, who grabbed it immediately with a hum. "You didn't have to do that."
They sat there under the cold water for a good few minutes, frozen and miserable together. Cas was still sniffling and had grabbed Dean's hand, squeezing it frequently with a quiet "Dee?", to which Dean would squeeze back and tighten the arm he had crossing Cas's upper body to hold him in place, reassuring him with a "Yeah, sweetheart, I'm right here."
“Okay, okay, c’mere then,” Dean said shakily, still a little dazed by the fact that he had just been thrown across the room like a goddamn doll by Cas’s
"I'm… not totally sure? He used his grace the same way he would as if he were healing someone, but instead of focusing it on a wound, he sent it to your brain and directed it all over your body. It seemed like he may have been trying to get rid of your negative emotions? And maybe fix the negative physical effects of your emotions? Is that what you felt?"
“Cas? You in there somewhere?” Dean spoke softly, attempting to mask the alarm currently threatening to overwhelm him. Cas just kept staring at him, shaking in the trench coat. He let out another hum and gripped Dean’s shirt tighter with both hands now, pulling their chests closer together. Cas’s eyebrows furrowed together, his bottom lip beginning to quiver. Dean noticed this and felt a wave of panic wash over him. He remembered Sam’s childhood well enough to recognize the signs of an oncoming meltdown.
"Jack? Can you understand any of Cas's…" Dean made an odd sort of gesture with his hand, "bird shit, for lack of a better word? Like, is this like some sort of angel native tongue?" He kept his eyes glued on Cas, wanting to be ready should a meltdown be on the horizon.
As much as Dean wanted to stay in bed, he knew he needed to get this shit cleaned up. He could deal with blood and guts and gore on hunts but here, in the sanctuary of his own room, Dean was a total neat freak. He still didn't quite get what exactly Cas had been trying to do with his clothes in the first place, but hey, at least he didn't destroy anything. He threw the covers back and swung his legs over the edge of the bed, about to hit the floor when he was stopped by a sharp whine.
hi guys!!!! ok this rly was supposed to be the last chapter but um. yeah the next one will be the final one!! for real this time lol!! not much plot left i'm just gonna make dean and cas finally talk to each other teehee anyways as always thank u so much for reading, hope u enjoyed the chapter :D comments are v much appreciated, pls lmk if yall have feedback i love reading what yall have to say <3
"I remember bits—bits 'n pieces of other stuff too but it—it's confusing. A lot of it just… hurts, hurts to think about." His bottom lip quivered, and his kicking slowed to a halt.
"My hypothesis is that exiting the Empty put too much stress on the boy's grace, causing it to fracture, and the process of changing realms left his shattered grace too weak to properly restore his vessel in time. Going from one plane to another is traumatizing to the body, even for celestial beings."
"He might just not have a total grasp on his grace yet. I'm sure existing in the Empty was exhausting, as well as your escape from the Empty, and if Cas was too tired to suppress his vessel's need to rest, he would probably fall asleep to recuperate. I'm not sure what exactly his true form would've been doing during that time, though."
Dean stepped out into the hallway, pausing for a second as he checked Cas's temperature one more time. Still running a little warm, maybe, but infinitely better than how he'd felt before the bath. They made their way to Dean's room, where he then dropped Cas onto the bed so he could put on a dry outfit. He tugged on another t-shirt and some sweats before returning to Cas, still swaddled in the towel, anxiously chirping in his absence.
idea what that man would do for you? I don't know you but I know Cas, and he would move fucking mountains, he would walk through fucking hell if you asked him to." Erin was practically vibrating with anger. Dean had visibly paled and something in his eyes was begging her to stop, but she wasn't done with him. Not yet. Not even close.
“That’s what this is? Are you serious? You know what, fine. Whatever. The bunker’s not good enough anymore? Good luck finding somewhere else to stay, anyone else willing to put up with you and Jack. You did such a great job of that last time you were on your own,” Dean snarked, voice dripping with sarcasm. Erin had no idea what he was referencing but Cas’s face hardened immediately.
“Shh, it’s okay, you’re safe, I got you,” Dean tried to gently reassure Cas, covering his tiny hands with his own. He had no idea whether Cas could even understand anything he was saying. Cas maintained eye contact, looking as though he was silently pleading Dean to read his mind. God, it was hard to look at. Dean was at a total loss. “Cas, do you hear me? Can you talk to me?”
Cas blinked at Dean, looking lost and starting to sniffle a little bit. Suddenly, he let out a high-pitched whine and buried his face in Dean’s neck, the top of his hair threatening to tickle Dean’s nose. Dean hesitantly brought his arms around Cas, placing one hand on the back of his neck and lightly pressing him closer to his body. Cas sniffled again, sighed, and nuzzled his cheek against Dean’s collarbone.
Dean waited for the man to start to soften and then pulled off. That was a new one. He didn't seem at all chagrined - either he hadn't noticed what he called Dean or, more likely, he didn't care. He pulled two wrinkled twenties out of his wallet and passed them over to Dean, who left without another word. He tucked the money in his pocket and started the walk back to the diner.
“Mollie's wrong,” said Dean. “We don’t have a mom.” By eight his memory of Mary had grown fuzzy, not so much images as sound and sensation: soft arms wrapped around him, a warm voice singing Zeppelin. He hoarded them like another child would Halloween candy. (They never celebrated Halloween, but if they did, Dean knew with an unutterable certainty that Sam would get all of his candy.)
He jumped when the music started, it was so loud. The woman who strode onto the stage first was tall, taller than him, dressed in a powder blue miniskirt and a ruffled white blouse. Her stilettos were long and sharp enough Dean honestly might have chosen them over a knife, some days, and her enormous silver earrings sparkled like a thousand tiny suns. Her voice was low and sonorous. "Welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to Jupiter's drag night," she said into a microphone. "I'm your host, Ariel Caliban" - there was loud whooping from one particular section of the audience - "and I'm so glad to see you here."
Sam shifts a little, looking uncomfortable. "I don't... I didn't remember at first. Do you remember?"
"Just the usual." They're both silent for a long moment. "Do you think - " Dean's voice cracks. "What do you think my mom would think?"
Dean has to smile. God, he loves his brother. "Yeah, Sammy," he says. He puts the plate with the hash browns and bacon next to the fruit salad. "I know."
It took Dean three miserable weeks after getting him back to pull his head out of his ass about Cas. He was distracted at first, by Jack's immediate collapse and slow recovery, and then, well...
For a second, Dean thinks about playing dumb. 'Remember what?' he could say, and leave that ball firmly in Sam's court. But he's trying to be more honest about his emotions. "Yeah," he says heavily. "I remember."
A look of sudden understanding came into the bartender's eyes. "Is this your first time in a place like this?" he asked.
It’s one of these mornings, after he’s hooked up his phone to Dean’s speaker and shown him some incomprehensible gibberish on YouTube, that Jack reaches over, pulls a blueberry right out of Dean’s pancake batter, pops it in his mouth, and asks, “What should I call you?”
Castiel wafts forward and curls around Dean Winchester. (I have been with you since the day you were born, Dean Winchester, and I can assure you, it is only the first of the things you deserve.)
Dean nodded noncommittally. "I'm afraid I'll overheat in this crowd. Is there anywhere that's felt colder than usual lately where I could stand?" Kind of an awkward phrasing, but it'd have to do. He was beginning to regret not going with the fed routine. He took a small sip of his drink and grimaced at the sweetness.
for him. All Dean had to do was say a measly little 'I love you too' and then they'd ride off into the sunset, or something.
Sometimes Dean really wishes he didn’t make friends with the smart kids wherever he goes. “86,” he mutters.
“'I will have you and hold you,’” Dean continues, “'for better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health - ’”
"Not ‘til we get home, you doofus." Dean pauses in unlocking the car. "Just Lord of the Rings, right? None of that Hobbit bullshit?"
Even later, when Dean Winchester is falling apart in a hospital bed, Castiel cannot regret what happened. Dean Winchester is free now, and even though he doesn’t see it - has never seen it, will never see it - things are better.
“What’s the occasion?” Cas asks behind him. Dean glances back - his husband is silhouetted by the porch light. If he squints, he can convince himself that Cas’s softly fluttering bathrobe is actually a pair of wings.
Fire flares in Dean Winchester’s belly, lust indistinguishable from anger, and Castiel feels it mirrored in him. He wants to kill the woman, burrow down her throat until she can’t breathe and chokes on him, because Dean Winchester is
He is there when Dean Winchester goes to Stanford for his brother, and he is there when their world falls down once again.
Castiel is there the night Dean Winchester is born again. He starts as a pile of bones and half-rotted skin, curled on its side to fit in the pine box of its coffin. He ends as a creature of flesh and bone with a handprint on his shoulder, eyes still gleaming with both the flames of Hell and the light of an angel.
Dean’s smile, small and hurting though it is, buoys Castiel so much that he rises through the ceiling.
Castiel knows the instant Dean Winchester stops believing in God. He is nine and a half years old, and an old woman knocks on their motel door to kick them out for the day.
Lisa bought their couples' costumes, that Halloween. Dean didn't want any part of it, not really, but she explained to him that her cousin's party was tradition and that she was going, and if he wanted to stay home with Ben that was all well and good, but this was one of only two times a year she paid for a sitter for the full night, and he'd be a fool not to take advantage of it. Then she'd frowned, and said, "I know November is - hard for you. I'm sorry if that was too harsh."
Dean Winchester is at home when his brother Sam is born, under the tutelage of a neighborhood babysitter named Hailey. Dean Winchester hates her, because she keeps trying to make him color when he wants to play Batman outside.
"It's beautiful," says Eileen, and Dean thanks his lucky stars for her. "Do you know where Marta got it?"
"I didn't ask," says Jack, "but they get most of their clothes at thrift stores. I can ask them next time I see them."
Cas sits back on his ankles and looks up at Dean, adoring. His eyes, too, reflect the sky, dark and ageless and sparkling. “You don’t need to. Let me do it.”
Cas bumps into a wall and he looks warily from side to side. He doesn’t recognize the room the demon’s chased him into, but it looks like a mausoleum. The names of old men of letters are carved into slabs of marble, which rest against the walls in piles. The room is unfinished, the floor rough stone and the lightbulbs bare. There’s nowhere to run, but even if there was, he couldn’t leave Dean.
“But” - his voice catches in his throat - “tell me what I am now, now that the majority of me is life instead of death. I don’t - I can’t remember what it’s like to be more human than demon.”
(I can’t,) Castiel thinks, but he curls up around Dean Winchester and combs his hair with invisible fingers. (It’s okay,) he says, loudly enough for Dean Winchester to hear. (It’s going to be okay.)
One day Jack leaves the bunker to visit his friends and comes back wearing a dress. Dean and Eileen are in the main room researching and get to see him clomp down the stairs, the skirt twirling behind him. The dress is long and cottony, a peasant dress, Dean thinks its called, though where he heard the phrase he couldn't say. He realizes he's staring. "You're wearing different clothes," he says, like an idiot.
“‘You know what wine is, Cas? It’s grape juice for old people. Boring people who have decided they’re too old to enjoy good alcohol.’ 'Nobody actually likes wine, they just kid themselves into pretending they do. Have a scotch or something else that’s actually classy.’” He pauses for a moment. “I could go on.”
Dean bit his tongue hard but the tears spilled over anyway. He dashed them away with the back of his hand. At least Dad wasn't here to see. (Men don’t cry, he'd say. You’re a man, aren’t you, Dean?) "Dead means she's not here anymore," he said.
A woman on a mission, he had to respect that. "You live far from here?" He was already up and moving.
“Why not?” asked Sam. He nibbled on the edges of his toast. Dean didn’t know what they would do for dinner tonight. If Mom was here, she’d know what to do for dinner tonight.
There were other ways he could get the money, probably, but this was fast and it was under the table and that was what he needed. He'd spent his whole damn childhood in motels, usually the seedy pay-by-the-hour kind that attracted this particular clientele anyway. John taught him the ins and outs of ganking monsters, but the men and women who watched Dean while he was gone taught him how to move through a world that viewed him as a thing. He had always known this was a possibility. He was kinda shocked it hadn't happened sooner.
He didn't feel different. Should he feel different? Dad would flip if he knew, even without the gay part, but Dean just... didn't care. It was just sex. It was barely even that. He'd had raunchier makeout sessions. He'd half-expected to walk away from this feeling stained or something, but hell. He'd been killing sentient beings since he was what, twelve? So this didn't seem to register on his personal morality scale.
Sam seems, if anything, more uneasy. "That's... kind of what I wanted to talk about, actually. Um, there's no easy way to ask this, really, and you can tell me to fuck right off if you want, but - are you a woman?"
"Yeah, I'm fine. Just the door," Dean said gruffly. He readjusted Cas against his shoulder, putting him in a more stable position while Dean sat down on the hard tile floor, leaning against the bathtub. "Did you text Rowena yet?"
“Alright, gimme a minute.” Dean slowly pushed off the bed, careful not to jostle Cas too much. He opened the door and leaned against the doorway. “Morning, kiddo. What’s up?”
“Hey sweetpea, looks like your diaper’s getting kinda stinky, huh?” Erin could feel it sagging in the back underneath his onesie; she probably could’ve waited a few more hours before really
"I'm so glad you're back," he whispers, like it's a secret. "I don't know what I was gonna do without you."
“Maybe. You weren't breathing.” Cas smiles and it makes Dean’s heart do little backflips, makes him feel so impossibly fond. He really fucking loves him. Jesus Christ, he really, really loves him.
"Been there, done that," Jasmine replied, slicing into Dean's cheek. He groaned involuntarily, and he could see Cas flinch in his periphery.
It took a few minutes of Cas screaming into his chest and dampening the sleeve of his shirt with tears, but gradually his voice quieted. His breathing steadied, and Dean could feel him shudder with each wet exhale. A small shaking hand grabbed the fabric of his shirt, holding onto it so tightly Dean was a little afraid it might rip.
After a minute of just sitting there, Dean still trying to fully wake up, Cas shyly held out the shirt again. Dean didn't understand it at all, but it seemed extremely important that he accept the shirt, so he took it from Cas with a smile. "Thanks, little man. You have good taste." Cas blushed and Dean felt they were safely out of the potential meltdown zone.
smile, the joyous expression Dean didn't—couldn't—return. He started drinking while watching the feed, bottles piling up on the table each night. He replayed
"So, do I hang or fold the shirts?" She held up a black AC/DC tee, trying to grab Cas's attention as he walked back in from the kitchen. After they'd finished their soups, he'd volunteered to return the bowls to the sink and do the dishes, so Erin offered to get started on the laundry she knew Cas had meant to get through that afternoon.
with it because he thought he deserved to suffer was something Dean simply had not been equipped to handle. Maybe because it hit a little too close to home—after all, he
"I miss her sometimes. I know I probably shouldn't, but I do. We really shouldn't have ever been friends in the first place, and I'm still not quite sure how it happened. I guess our relationship was just another one of life’s little ironies.”
Dean looked back down at Cas, still shaking but considerably calmer, currently in the process of ruining his shirt with tears and snot. He felt him humming against his chest, high-pitched and breathy and fragile. He really missed his Cas.
Dean noticed the way Cas seemed to flinch at Rowena's words and frowned. "Hey, don't talk about him like that. He's not just 'better than nothing,' he's
“Dean?” The name was mouthed against Dean’s collarbone, Cas keeping his face buried. His voice sounded disbelieving but hopeful, like he was too scared to really trust himself.
Erin watched as he read whatever Dean had sent, waiting to see his face light up. Instead, she saw the blood physically draining from Cas's face, leaving him pale as a ghost.
"I'm sorry, I'm s-so sorry, I'm so so-o-o-rry, Cas, I—" Dean sobbed over and over, rocking back and forth with Cas still in his lap, nestled in his arms like a nearly six-foot child. It was heartbreakingly intimate and Erin could feel tears welling in her own eyes. She knew she was being intrusive, borderline voyeuristic even, but it was like the emotional equivalent of one of those car crashes that you
“No one had ever called me ‘Cas’ before him. Always just Castiel. He stripped my name of its divinity and in doing so made me into something beyond what I ever could’ve imagined for myself. He changed me, allowed me to become more than I was, and to this day I continue to be a better man for knowing him.”
Jack dutifully held out the pink/salmon crayon, reaching over Cas, who was sandwiched between him and Dean. All three boys were lying on the bunker floor, sharing boxes of Crayola crayons and sheets of printer paper. It'd been a few days since Rowena's visit, and seeing as Cas was still a kid, they figured they might need some stuff to keep him occupied for the foreseeable future. Brainstorming for a while, Jack eventually suggested drawing might be fun, so they had Sam make a quick trip to the nearest Walmart for some art supplies. He returned with a wide variety of crayons and markers, immediately exciting both Jack and Cas. After some excessive whining, Dean also became a reluctant participant so as to avoid an angelic tantrum.
“I don’t know what I am anymore, Dean. Certainly not an angel. Whatever I’ve become, I have the power and responsibility Death did overseeing the reaping of souls, as well as the authority over the fate of angels and demons."
before falling to the floor like a bag of sand. Cas let out another scream, a real one this time, and collapsed a few feet away from Dean. Thankfully, Jasmine's knife had fallen only a couple inches away from Dean's fingers, and he swiftly and expertly worked through the ropes til his hands were free.
Suddenly, Dean felt something grab his ankle. As he lifted his face, the familiar sensation of grace shot through him, warmth coursing in his system until the shitty thoughts were gone. Cas's skinny little arm was sticking out of the shirt pile, trembling slightly but steady against Dean's leg. He swallowed the lump rising in his throat; of course, leave it to Cas to be in the midst of a Dean-induced meltdown and still prioritize Dean's wellbeing over his own.
Dean Winchester,” he growls. He looks angry, then his face crumples like a flimsy sheet of paper and he’s burying his nose in Dean’s neck again, tears sticky on his skin. Dean continues to sit there, not quite sure what he’s supposed to do anymore.
you gotta let me know. I wanna be here for you and Jack." She thought of the baby with a fond smile, then realized distantly that the wailing she'd heard when the door opened had faded.
Cas didn’t respond. He just sat there, soaking up the snow, thinking about it. Because yes, Dean did in fact come for him in the Empty. But that didn’t prove anything. That could’ve been motivated by guilt, obligation, because Dean thought it was his fault, because Dean always blames himself.
A couple minutes later, Jack was still belting out the lyrics, Cas chirping on top of him as Dean scraped off the pancakes and slid them onto a big plate. The song ended right as Jack poured more batter into the pan, making four perfectly equal circles. Over the fresh sizzle, Dean could hear the first few chords of a new song starting to play.
Cas sniffled, a small smile spreading across his face. He looked up at Dean; they were nearly nose-to-nose now, breathing in the same air. Dean half-expected to get kissed, but Cas just stopped hugging his chest and flung his arms around Dean's neck. Dean was surprised but smiled back, repositioning his arms to wrap around Cas's middle.
“Man, I hate this part of the job. I mean, she’s just a kid! And this isn’t just some vamp or shifter, y’know. That shit is easy. How the fuck are we supposed to explain what Jack is? Or
It was then that Dean realized he was still slightly hyperventilating, hiccuping and gasping softly. Cas had one hand pressed against his chest, the other holding Dean close by the waist. Dean sat between his legs, nestled by his knees. "Shh. Breathe for me. You're okay, you're safe."
"Haven't you already said enough? What else could you possibly have to tell me? You've made it perfectly clear how you feel, h-how you feel about me and Jack. Just take me back to the bunker, we'll leave first thing in the morning. You don't have to tell me to go again. I 'got the memo,' as you say." He kept his face in his hands, not trusting himself to look at Dean without completely losing it.
you have him. Give him back.” He hates that his voice is starting to crack but he can’t stop it. His heart is beating so fast, and he can feel his cheeks becoming wet, and he’s weak, so weak.
Faint golden light outlined his palm and fingers, splayed flat against Dean. Erin watched in both wonder and horror as Dean—who looked equally shocked and freaked out—began glowing too. Her mouth dropped when the cuts and bruises on his face began sealing and healing themselves, the wound in his shoulder quickly fading into smooth, clean skin. It was like they’d never even been there. Then Jack reached even further, almost falling out of Erin’s arms, and laid his hand on Cas’s shoulder with a determined babble.
“Yes,” Cas whispers. He sniffles and repeats. “Yes, yes please, yes, Dean, of course I’ll marry you—” And he’s sobbing again, forehead against Dean’s sternum, and there’s a warmth spreading through Dean’s whole body. “I love you, I love you so much, nothing would make me happier—”
Cas’s eyes widen just a fraction, and a few seconds later he still hasn’t moved or said anything, and that’s it. Dean’s officially sliding off the hood and running to puke in the bushes.
“Anyways, I’m—I’m sorry, I’m so sorry. I’m never gonna be able to make up for all the shi—crap I’ve put you through, and I can’t ask you to forgive me, but I need you to know I’m not gonna treat you like that ever again. You—you gotta know the way I acted isn’t okay, and it was never your fault. None of it. Even—” Dean took a deep breath. “Even Mom, okay? I—I know I’ve blamed you for it. Hell, I think there’s
"I'm sorry, Dean." Cas’s voice was barely audible, and Dean almost didn’t catch the apology. “I’m sorry for leaving and making you worry. I just don’t—”
“Cas,” he yells from a few feet away. He waits till he’s face-to-face with Cas before continuing, “Once upon a time you told me if I wanted somethin', all I had to do was ask. That still true?”
Dean remained still, absolutely transfixed by the sight, which Erin couldn’t blame him for. She hadn’t moved either, rendered speechless and motionless as her brain basically imploded on itself trying to process everything it’d seen in the past two minutes. A few breaths after Cas had fisted his trembling hands in his clothing, coughing weakly into his chest, Dean finally unfroze. His mouth rapidly opened and closed, like he was see-sawing between believing what he saw was real.
“It’s not just Cas,” he blurted. “I can see your soul too, at least right now, and Cas is right. You’re not bad or broken. Neither of you are,” he said, giving Sam a pointed look. “I—I know I’ve only been here for a few years, but your souls have always been bright and good. Even when you struggled with bad things or made wrong decisions, you guys have never been truly evil.” Jack bit his lip, his eyes darting between Dean and Sam. “Just so you guys know.”
"Maybe it's hypocritical, me questioning whether he stays here out of obligation when he could just as easily be doing it of his own free will. But I know Dean, and I know his actions have always been motivated more by duty, debt, guilt than want. And it really just doesn't make sense that he'd want this, anyways." Cas sighed, wilting a bit where he was planted on the bed. He grabbed another shirt and began fiddling with the sleeve.
and an incredibly inexperienced one at that. How could I satisfy him when not even his ideal lover could? How could this body be enough?" He looked at his reflection again.
“Um, okay. Hi, Jasmine.” Erin cringed. She sounded like a fucking idiot. “Uh, what do you remember, before you woke up? Do you know where you are, how you got here?”
barely an angel anymore. In fact, I'm just barely human enough that walking through holy fire won't kill me, but I'm still angel enough to kill you. Best of both worlds."
Dean hesitated before answering and made eye contact with Jack, who nodded at him. "As long as Cas doesn't get hurt. If there's any kind of risk to his safety then we'll just have to wait it out. I'm not gonna chance it."
"You gon' watch over me?" he asked, voice thick, eyes already fluttered closed. Dean smiled, thinking back to the days when a certain angel would do the same to him.
"You gotta let go, Cas. You need to let me set you down," Dean said, voice tinged with exasperation and maybe a hint of hysteria. Cas only latched on tighter, holding onto Dean like he was his rock in a storm, his anchoring point.
He'll forgive you for anything. Hell, you could probably stab him and he'd apologize for being in the way or bleeding on you."
"What's wrong, Dean?" Then he noticed a certain someone's absence. His eyes went wide. "Where's Cas?"
Cas, old as fuck and grumpy as fuck but still excited by everyday shit like honey and texting and guinea pigs. He missed him. He really, really fucking missed him.
Erin shrugged helplessly. “I don’t know. W-we were literally just at your house a second ago, and then Jack screamed and I got dizzy and when I opened my eyes we were”—she gestured vaguely around the warehouse—“here.” As she moved her hand, Jack let out a sharp whine and squirmed against the harness, leaning his tiny body down towards Cas. “I-I have no idea what happened.”
She was actually on break, sitting at one of the tables by herself when Castiel showed up. There was a gentle tap on her shoulder.
Jesus. Erin sat there, feeling like a total idiot. She wanted to respond but what the hell is someone supposed to say to something like
Erin reached for Cas's elbow, forcing him to sit down across from her. She grabbed his hands and looked him straight in the eyes.
"Hey, would you mind if I crashed here for the night? It's just kinda late and I don't feel great about driving right now."
“Nah,” he huffed, a little out of breath by the time he finally got his feet on the ground. “I got it. You go ahead and get the door unlocked, I’ll be right behind you.”
to change it, but she’d rather be safe than sorry. Diapers are just one of those things you simply do
he sensed the road underneath his tires turn from crunchy gravel to smooth, worn pavement, he knew he was making a mistake. The sudden impulse to stop and turn back was so strong, he nearly veered onto the shoulder of the highway.
Yawning, Dean tried to sit up, Cas still sprawled on his chest. He lifted his head, chirped, smiled, and went right back to rubbing his face on Dean's shoulder, apparently unbothered by the movement.
Familiar energy flowed through Dean, thrumming under his skin. Everything began to dampen. He was surrounded by softness, held,
"Hi, sweetie. Don't be afraid, Auntie Rowena's here to help," she soothed, reaching out her hand. She glanced up at Dean. "I need to touch him to see what's wrong. He's not going to like it, which is why I need you to stay calm and keep him from wiggling about too much. It'll probably be easiest if you're sitting with the boy." Dean frowned. He did not like the sound of that at all, but nevertheless he pulled out a chair with his foot and plopped down, Cas in his lap.
"Oh. That's… much later than I expected," Cas said quietly. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to sleep so long. Thank you for taking care of Jack all that time. I'm sure it wasn't easy."
"I don't, not really. Just a little extra stored for emergencies," he said sadly, casting his eyes away from Dean's. "Just enough to keep us safe. We need to hurry, I don't think the demon will stay incapacitated for lo—"
"Cas…" Dean sounded close to tears, "Cas. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. I said shit yesterday, really outta line shit, I didn't mean it. You wouldn't have to find anyone to 'put up' with you 'n Jack, you're not a chore. It would be a privilege, they would be
Dean snorted. "Yeah, tell me about it." He had been going for nonchalant but his voice broke, reflecting how utterly hopeless he actually felt.
Dean stepped into the tub and lowered himself into the water, clothes and all, Cas still plastered to his chest. The angel yelped as the cool water hit his skin, digging his fingers into Dean's shoulder. "Shh, I know, I know."
He wanted to yell, tell Cas he's right here, but Jasmine had stuffed some shitty old rag in his mouth while he was unconscious, so the best he could do was some muffled groans. Unsurprisingly, neither of them heard him.
you right now, but she knew that would make the situation infinitely worse. When Dean failed to respond, she took Jack out of the carrier herself, figuring the least she could do was hold him in a better position. As she moved him around, he lurched forward and put his tiny hand on Dean’s thigh, softly whimpering. Dean looked down at his baby and burst into another set of tears; this time, they were loud enough to rival Jack’s, and twice as gut-wrenching. Erin wanted to disappear into the floor.
Cas sets his computer to the side. "Is this too much? I want to help, Dean, but if you would rather sit with this information for a while, give yourself time to grow more comfortable with it..." He smiles ruefully. "This is somewhat outside of my area of expertise."
Their waiter approaches with their meals and sets them down. Cas spears one of his shrimp and pops it in his mouth. No time like the present, right?
"Look," Dean says, and he's not exactly sure how to say this, not in a way that won't raise more ugly memories and upsetting questions, but it needs to be said. "Look, I'd be the first to say that our childhood was kind of shitty, and I did a lot of things for you that I shouldn't have had to do. But that? I don't regret that. Those are good memories, Sammy."
Castiel was not expecting this. Dean Winchester must have buried these thoughts deep, for him to be unable to read them.
He can’t see Dean Winchester from up here, but he can feel his prayers. As time goes on, they get more and more desperate, until Castiel cries as much from Dean Winchester’s despair as from the angels’ idea of pain. They come to a head one night, and something in Castiel snaps in two.
“She’s dead,” he said. He could feel tears coming up in his eyes and tried to blink them away. He couldn’t cry in front of Sammy.
She flares sympathetically. (We are almost completed with our mission,) she tells him. (Soon we can see Heaven again.)
but I don’t have anything to call you.” He says it all in one big breath and then pauses at the end, like he’s forgotten he needs to inhale regularly now. (Dean loves the kid, but he’s honestly afraid he might’ve.)
"Yeah," Dean said. He looked like an entirely different person. Sam was still in Hell. "No problem."
"You are the strongest person I’ve ever met, okay? You’ve been protecting your little brother your entire life, and you still manage to make incredible grades and one of the best attendance records I’ve ever seen."
"That the best you got, sweetheart?" he slurred, eyeing Jasmine where she stood in front of him, his blood staining her knuckles. She smiled before backhanding him, sending his head straight back into the metal column behind him with a dull, metallic thud.
"I'm sorry, Cas, I'm so sorry," Dean whispered over and over again, even though he knew Cas was in too much pain to hear him. In his mind he kept praying,
“We shouldn’t have made it outta there alive. Cas was, uh, for sure gone. We would’ve lost him if Jack hadn’t showed up and healed all our useless asses.” He smiled weakly, clearly trying to hide just how badly shaken up he had been by what happened. Erin could see straight through it, and it was pretty obvious Sam could too, but neither of them chose to say anything.
Sam's words made Dean absolutely sick to his stomach. Mainly because he knew they were true; Cas had always been entirely too willing to let Dean do whatever the fuck he wanted to him.
Gingerly, carefully, he rose from the bench, trying especially hard not to jostle Cas. Despite how slowly and gently Dean walked, the angel still whined in pain with each step. “Shh,” Dean hushed, cradling the back of his head. “It’s okay, almost there.” Not wanting to let go of Cas, he opted to kick the bathroom door open, causing a bang to echo through the hallway.
Cas frowns. "I don't know what exactly my powers entail, but whatever I do, I promise to do with you next to me. We'll figure it out together."
"Of course, grace is an incredibly fickle and volatile thing, so full disclosure: I haven't the slightest clue whether this will actually do anything. Figure it's worth a shot though, aye?"
Still balancing Cas in one arm, Dean rifled through the pile of clothing; Sam was right, they were mainly just solid color t-shirts and sweats. The only exception was a pale blue shirt with 'Bee Happy' stitched on the front, complete with a little smiling bee on a big red flower. Trilling excitedly, Cas made grabby hands at the bee shirt and tried to wriggle out of the restrictive towel.
“Oh, Cas,” he whispered sadly. “The Empty’s not here, I promise. I got you out, remember? I came back for you. We got outta there, together.”
” She stroked the back of his hand with her thumb, feeling him flex his fist around her index finger. “
Dean smiled back and was about to break away when Cas’s grip tightened ever so slightly, as though he sensed he was gonna pull away. Stifling a laugh, Dean relaxed and let Cas continue to hold his hand, looking extremely pleased with himself. He really was a possessive little guy.
“What happened, man?” he asked, frowning as he took a closer look at Cas. “Why weren’t you responding to any of your texts? Cas was really worried about you. I even sent a couple hunters to check out the area.”
"Hey, I'm not mad, I promise," Dean said gently, trying to soothe Cas. "You'd be able to feel if I was, remember? You could tell how I felt yesterday. You gotta feel now that I'm not upset." He poked where Cas had his wrist in a death grip, extending a pinky like he had last night. Cas immediately let go and latched onto the finger instead, humming and sniffling a bit.
“Okay, okay, we gotta get you to cool down,” Dean murmured, delicately touching the back of his hand to Cas’s forehead. Yeah, his temperature was
"If you've already seen them, you'll continue to see them. However, strangers won't have the slightest clue. Nobody should be able to perceive them except you and I, besides Jack of course." Dean nodded, still holding an unconscious Cas. His wings twitched and fluttered in his sleep. Dean wondered if he was dreaming about finally being able to fly again.
It was Sam who spoke next. The same horror currently paralyzing Dean bled through Sam's voice, warping it into something strangled, something agonized.
A small smile spread across Dean’s face. He sniffled, wiping at his eyes and nose before speaking again. “Yeah, sweetheart. He’s right here, hold on.” He shifted Cas around, maneuvering his shoulders and upper body until he was sitting upright in Dean’s lap, supported against his chest. Small winces and gasps from Cas made it obvious that whatever Jack did wasn’t enough to heal him fully, and he flinched hard when the wounds on his back brushed against Dean’s shirt. “Sorry, sorry babe,” Dean said immediately, looking crushingly guilty. Cas took his hand and squeezed it. “It’s okay, Dean. Not your fault.”
as always feedback is v v much appreciated should u feel so inclined to comment!! i love reading the things yall have to say :D
He reached into the carrier and pulled out the little stuffed bee, handing it to Erin. “He likes having this while he sleeps. I think it helps him keep his arms from flailing around.” She held the bee in front of Jack, who immediately wrapped himself around it. He began turning his body inwards towards Erin, attempting to burrow into her stomach. She hesitantly scooped Jack up into her arms, supporting the back of his neck with her hand and rocking him gently. Erin looked at Castiel, unsure if she was doing this correctly, but he simply smiled and nodded in approval.
"It's been almost a whole week and still nothing. I know Dean was upset when he left but he couldn't be that mad. Right? He—" Cas shivered and pulled away. "He wouldn't do that to me, right?" He searched Erin's face for an answer, eyes wide and pleading, just begging her to reassure him. Yeah, that definitely broke her heart a little bit.
