part. He’s nodding his head and he can’t tell if he’s crying or if there’s just water on his face but he doesn’t give a fuck. All he cares about is the way Cas’ hands feel on him, the way Cas’ voice sounds when he says, “Remember the rule,” and releases his hand from Dean’s face.
Dean lets out a strangled "Cas," into the fog of the bathroom and comes across the smooth tile of the shower wall.
And if he isn’t careful, he’ll be late. He’s gonna have to shove down all of his fears and worries about tonight, suck it up, and go help Cas get ready.
Dean really hates when people pity him. He knows he looks at least a couple years younger than he is, his clothes are pretty much perpetually dirty, and he looks about a week away from starving half the time, but — he likes pie more than he hates being pitied, so. He flashes his most grateful smile and elects to leave her more of a tip than he originally planned on. “That’s awful sweet of you,” he says. “Thank you.”
“I gotta go, Cas. But we’re on our way, alright? We’re coming.
Mary takes a deep breath. Dean has no idea what she’s about to unleash that he doesn’t already know, but he knows he isn’t ready for it. Whatever it is, judging by the way the color’s drained from her whole face, it isn’t good.
“You could’ve gotten your own,” Cas teases him, so Dean picks up Cas’ mug of coffee to sip from it.
"I think I would like that, yes," Cas just smiles and brings his hand up to hold on to Dean's. "Would you join me?" he asks, as if its the most normal thing in the fucking world. As if Dean isn't going to melt down right here in a fit of gay panic. As if Dean can't hear John Winchester's bitter words ringing in his ears for even considering accepting the invitation to crawl into Cas' bed with him. And he is considering it.
Sam laughs, shovels another bite into his mouth, and shrugs. “Fine,” he says around his food.
“Sorry, Ellen, forgot! I’m hungry,” he says, racing back to the kitchen where he sees the casserole on the counter.
Between hearing Cas’ very human beating heart and the soothing feeling of Cas trailing his fingers up and down Dean’s spine, he falls asleep in what feels like record time.
Cas nods, “Of course, Dean. Anything.”
“Oh, just on a little road trip,” Charlie says. The fuckin’ apocalypse just commenced and Charlie’s on a goddamn road trip. Figures.
“Dean. Look at me,” Cas pleads. Dean hears a door shut behind him, so he turns his head for just long enough to see that Anna’s left them alone before Cas jerks his head right back into place. “I love you,” Cas says quietly. “I know that it might not be enough right now, but I do. And I’m never going to stop,” he says.
Dean rolls his eyes. “You ass. You know I
After… he doesn’t know how long, and he’s not checking, but… a while, he says into the darkness, his voice broken, “She told you, right?”
Cas tucks himself against the soft curve of Dean’s body, ghosting his fingertips over Dean’s own where they rest on his stomach. Dean’s fingers twitch for a second before they settle back down, now slotted between Cas’. He feels Dean shift closer, and then he feels soft puffs of breath against the back of his neck. This is all he wants. He knows he won’t get it anymore after Dean wakes up, but that’s okay. Cas can do this. It’s a goodbye, of sorts, to the Djinn-world. That wasn’t real, but Cas can allow himself a quiet moment in the early morning sunlight shining through the curtains. Just to say goodbye to the life he had a taste of.
Cas shakes his head. “No, I mean it. I’m hurt, and you coddle me, but you don’t think of me as weak. If you did, you would’ve denied me,” he says softly. “Thank you for knowing what I can handle, and not pretending like I can’t.”
Dean just nods and listens. He’s less angry, now, because he gets that his mother was young when all of this happened. She was scared, and grieving the loss of both of her parents and her husband. Fiancé, maybe? Dean’s kind of unclear about if they were already married then or not. Mary doesn’t talk much about John.
“Dean, that’s really not necessary. I’m just happy to be spending time with you, that’s all,” Cas says, and he pauses for a moment. “And your family, of course. It’ll be nice. I’m sure of it.”
Castiel
yet. You’re a lot of things, Dean Winchester, but you are not stupid. Not even in 2009.” And he means it. The Dean in front of him is only two months away from pushing Cas down on a mattress in a motel and fucking him senseless. He remembers that he could hardly remember his own name, in those moments. He had forgotten all about Heaven and Hell and Lucifer and basically anything that wasn’t Dean’s dick buried inside of him, Dean’s mouth on his lips, and Dean’s hand on his cock.
Dean closes his eyes and breathes. Okay, fine. This is fine. They’ll all get through this.
He gets a laugh for this, which he appreciates. “Thank you for saying that,” Cas says. The episode of Jeopardy ends, and some other game show starts up. Dean doesn’t recognize it, and he doesn’t really care about it.
Anna thinks for a moment, and her eyes flit back and forth between Dean and Cas. After a few agonizingly awkward moments with Monica and Chandler fighting on the TV in the background, she starts to nod her head. “Well, I don’t like trusting outsiders. But like I said, something’s better than nothing. We should at least try.”
“Then let me put the damn ring on your finger and haul your ass back to the cabin,” Dean teases. “I’d like to do some nasty things to my fiancé, if he’s agreeable.”
"Dean, I simply would have been happy to spend the rest of my human life by your side as a best friend, and nothing more," Cas says, and his voice is a little louder, like he might be closer. Dean turns his head and is met with those big blues, the ones that have had a grip on him for the better part of twelve years. Dean gulps when Cas continues, "Anything more than that is just a bonus. I would be happy to marry you, but not until you're ready," he finishes, offering a kind smile and a hand on Dean's shoulder.
He scratches the back of his neck and says, "Guess we ought to get to bed, huh?"
i might get a little long winded here. thank you so, so, so, much to anybody who read this. all of you, every single one. a special thanks to my friend imp, who read every chapter of this fic as i released it and told me exactly what she thought and encouraged me more than she probably knows.
else in the room,” he says. He means that. Seriously, anybody but Meg. Could’ve been funny to see Cas kiss Garth or something. Or even Charlie, they all would’ve had a good laugh over that one.
“Waffle House sound okay to you? I know we’re in pajamas, but c’mon, it’s
come back online. He's actually okay with that.
His mommy hadn’t lied, she comes back before the sun even starts to come up. He doesn’t know how long she’d been gone for, but she comes back covered in dirt. His dad stands next to her in the doorway, just as dirty. Maybe more. “You did good, Dean. You did so good. Sammy’s gonna sleep with mommy and daddy tonight, okay? I’m so proud of you,” his mommy says. She kisses him goodnight.
“Hey, dad.”
Anna nods her head. “We just need to find my grace,” she says. “If we find it, I can help protect you. I can help keep you safe. Dean, you’re still my best friend. I love you, and so does Cas. Even if it’s different from how I love you. Neither of us want anything to happen to you.”
After a few moments, Sam does answer the door. Cas shoves past him, nearly knocking him into the wall in the process. Sam steps out of the way at just the right moment, or there’s a good possibility that he would have made a good dent in the drywall of the motel room with his body.
Mary smiles through her tears. “No, honey. Sam’s okay, mommy’s okay.” She sniffles. “I’m going to have to ask you to be a very big boy for me, and watch your little brother while your daddy and I take care of something. Can you do that?” she asks, wiping some of the tears from Dean’s face, and then her own. The red dots on her face smear a little.
Dean’s a little on edge for the rest of the drive, and he keeps looking into the rearview mirror to find Cas’ eyes there, waiting for him. Every time it happens, they share a smile before Dean ducks his head again to stare at his hands in his lap. He just can’t believe Cas is back. After looking after the kid for
For just a few minutes, he can let himself think about this. Except… he can't. He doesn't know what there is to think about it. All he knows is that it feels really nice when Cas touches him. It makes him happy to hug him, hold his hand, and ruffle his hair. Yesterday morning when Dean woke up with an arm around Cas and their fingers interlocked, he had been pretty sure he was dreaming. He hadn’t been lying when he’d said it was an accident. It was, in a sense.
“Uh,” Cas says dumbly, “Both? Neither? Dean, it’s not that simple. It really isn’t.”
Dean puts the phone down in his lap and turns to Cas. “Well, hard part’s over. I hate lying to Charlie. It makes me feel dirty,” he admits.
Cas swallows, Dean hears it. He finally snakes his arms around Cas’ waist as he runs his fingers through Dean’s hair. “Thank you, Dean.”
Every time Cas comes over, they do little more than watch TV. Sometimes, Cas helps Dean study with the stuff he struggles with, and lets him work in silence on the stuff he’s good at. They always order food — Dean hasn’t really had the time nor the patience to cook anything recently. It’s so many
Dean’s standing right in front of Zachariah. He’d just been talking to Lucifer, who had been wearing his brother. Now he’s here, and Zach is screaming threats in his face, and he’s actually getting a little bit scared, but --
“Castiel wasn’t sure when he fell in love with Dean. It happened gradually, slowly. He didn’t fall in love, per se, it was more like he drifted gently into it. One day, he took a look around, and realized that Dean was his home. He realized he never wanted to be anywhere without him. By this point, of course, Dean had forced him into watching many movies. He knew what romantic love was, what it looked like, and now he knew how it felt. He knew what it meant to look at someone and want them, all of them, flaws and all.
Dean shrugs. “It’s fine. Just watch it next time. I’m headed home. Let them know I’m fine.”
ago for you?” Cas asks, and the tips of their noses are millimeters from bumping. They would, if either of them took a deep enough breath or shifted in the slightest. He laughs, really genuinely laughs, for the first time since… he can’t even remember when. And Dean is laughing too, and, oh, that’s the best thing he’s heard in a while. They laugh for a while longer, sharing the same space, breathing the same air, before eventually they settle. Cas takes a deep breath, “You know,” he starts, “When it didn’t work out with Chastity, I was pretty sure
Dean pulls back and nods. “Sure, yeah. Or I can just pack, and then we can head to yours, stay the night, and leave from there?” he suggests.
But no.
"You are," is all Cas offers in response. Because he is.
Dean nods and he holds Jack’s face in his hands and stares into those red-rimmed blue eyes that look as much like Cas’ as they ever have. He’s going to be fine.
need you to just-”
He dips his head once more to mouth at Castiel’s collarbone, and his thrusts increase in both depth and speed. Only by a fraction, but Castiel feels every gentle variation in speed and length. “Love you so much, Cas,” Dean says into the skin of his chest. “Never wanna hurt you again, baby. ‘M gonna take care of you. I got you, now,” he babbles, still holding Castiel’s hand into the mattress. He squeezes a few times, always on the downstroke as he buries himself as deep as he can get.
“I think I would, actually,” Mary says, standing up from the table. Dean feels like he could cry.
Dean runs a hand through his hair. “Do you know any that are — sketchy? Any witch at all, really, we just — we need —” he sighs and scrubs his hands over his face. “We just need to get him home,” he sighs. He hasn’t had anyone else to talk to about the whole boyfriend-from-the-future thing for the last three weeks, and he’s fuckin’ tired of it. Cas gets it to some extent, but — Missouri’s the only other person he’s interacted with for longer than a few seconds in almost a month.
They’re the only ones in the elevator, so Dean takes Cas’ hand. He lets it go every time the doors open, and only holds it when the elevator’s empty. He hopes Cas understands.
They eat their breakfast, and Cas picks at his, like he’s not really hungry or like he doesn’t like his own food. Dean thinks he’s
badly. He already knows it. Maybe he can just pretend to fall asleep ten minutes in. Dean would buy it, he’s still pretty tired from being poisoned by the Djinn.
He lets out a breath he didn't know he was holding. "Yeah, I think it was here before, I found that missing girl. Dead. Nothing we can do but call it in."
“It was stupid, and reckless, and we should have waited for the next one. I just knew you were probably itching to get out of this place. I know I would’ve been,” Dean admits. “We’re gonna take a break for a few weeks. Sam’s concussed, I think I broke a few toes, and you—“ he cuts himself off and rakes his eyes over what little of Castiel’s form he can see above the water. “I’m not sure. I don’t know how you’re hurt, buddy. But I know that look,” he says quietly. “You’re not okay, Cas.”
Dean pulls back and looks down at him -- looks down
“I think it’s sweet,” Cas says through a yawn. He looks shocked that he’s yawning at all, for some reason. “I’m… tired,” he says, like that’s some sort of surprise.
"Right, yeah. Okay, what do you want? And do
“Me?” Dean asks. “You’re the one that got thrown so hard into a concrete headstone that it
Dean’s heart swells when he looks over at Cas on his left, grinning wildly. “You want another?” he asks, and Cas nods. Dean pours them all another round just as Garth and Charlie walk into the kitchen.
Dean nods his head and starts to sit up. “Sorry, buddy. Never thought of myself as a cuddler, heh,” he says.
he says, pitching his voice upwards at the end, like he’s not quite sure if he got it right.
he starts, exactly the same way as he’s started damn near every prayer to Cas since he
sorry. Dean, you have to go home. Go, be with our family. You’re going to need them just as much as they need you,” Cas says, and Dean’s forced to drop his arms because the sludge is sliding under them.
But... what throws him is how Cas didn't want to leave. Cas was perfectly content to stay in his perfect little world, even if it meant dying in the real one. He can't pin down why that is. Was it because dream-Dean was more affectionate? Because Dean certainly took note of that. He could be more affectionate. He could hug Cas a little more, be a little kinder sometimes. It won't kill him. Touchy-feely isn’t in Dean’s nature, but he doesn’t mind the lingering touches from Cas. In fact, he often finds himself wishing they’d linger a little longer. He wishes that he wasn’t so emotionally stunted, that his father hadn’t fucked up the way he views affection toward other men that aren’t your family.
“Water gone cold?” Dean asks, and he takes the cup and starts to rinse Cas’ hair. He doesn’t want him sitting in the bath as it gets cold. When he gets Cas out of the bath and dried off, he can take him to bed and scratch his scalp until he’s tired of it, if that ever happens.
“Yes,” Cas whispers. He presses kisses all over Dean’s face and nods his head. “Of course, Dean. I could — I could stay until your birthday, if you want.”
The soup warms him up from the inside out, and he eventually shrugs off his jacket. They’re going to be here all night anyway, so he might as well get comfortable.
“Language!” Mary calls from the living room. “I know you’re grown, but knock it off!”
Jack’s at his feet in an instant with some sort of dish towel. Dean has no idea where he even got it from, but Jack presses two fingers to his ankles, one at a time, and the pain subsides. The redness dulls until his skin fades back into its usual tone, and the burns are gone. Jack continues to soak up the coffee at Dean’s feet with a dish towel, all while shaking his head. “No,” he says. “No. He’s not dead, Dean, he can’t be. And you definitely didn't kill him. You wouldn’t
(See the end of the chapter for
had been able to stop him from loving Cas. So who the fuck is the ghost of John Winchester to try? Dean traces patterns on Cas' skin with his fingertips, pressing soft kisses into his neck. He can feel his eyelashes brush against Cas' skin every time he blinks. He tilts his head up to kiss along Cas' jaw until he reaches his ear. He kisses the top of it and whispers, "Thank you."
Dean pulls Cas closer by wrapping his arms all the way around his middle, pulling their bodies flush together. His heart skips a few beats inside his chest as their mouths slot together, his blunt fingernails digging into the skin of Cas’ back.
Dean smiles up at him, dopey and sated. He hums, rubbing a hand down Cas’ spine as he lets Cas chase his own orgasm, happy to be of aid in any way possible. “Come for me, baby. C’mon, wanna feel it. Wanna feel you, Cas,” he babbles, rolling his hips a few times for good measure.
Since the night they got together, or… whatever it is they’re doing, Cas always has a little bit of a smile on his face. Generally, he’s a pretty stoic guy, but he lights up the second Dean’s in his proximity, even if it’s just a little. Dean’s looking at that expression now, and Cas has got his hand on Dean’s thigh, rubbing slow circles with his thumb. “You know,” he says softly, “People usually kiss at midnight on New Year’s.”
they come back with Anna.
Garth does, taking his previous spot back over on the other side of the table. “I don’t really think any of us could top that,” he says, “But Cas, give it your best shot.”
the one thing he wanted. And he said he -- he knew he couldn’t have me.”
Both of their shirts are off, so as Cas hugs him, their bare chests are pressed together. It’s the first time since Cas got hurt that they’ve been chest-to-chest like this with nothing separating them. Dean sighs and sags against Cas, unable to keep his body from relaxing into the touch. As Dean nuzzles his face into Cas’ neck, Cas reaches between them to start unbuckling Dean’s belt. He leaves it open but doesn’t bother pulling it off as he unbuttons and unzips them, and then he shoves them down Dean’s legs until they pool around his ankles. “Come on, Dean. Let’s go to bed,” he offers, pulling back to take Dean’s wrist and lead him to bed.
Dean turns around to watch the flames disappear. His mommy stops crying the second he can’t see them anymore.
It’s soft, not desperate or hungry or angry. There isn’t even really much movement, so Cas lets it happen. As he kisses the Dean above him, he cradles the Dean in his arms a little tighter. Without meaning to, he lets out a sob against Dean’s lips.
"What, Sam? Spit it out!"
Cas wordlessly scoots so he can climb out of the door that’s already open. Dean still hasn’t said anything, but he hasn’t followed Sam inside either. “You don’t need to babysit me. You were right, sleeping through the night helped. I’d like to go sleep some more, if you don’t mind.” He knows he’s being short with Dean. It’s intentional. He wants to feel bad about it, and he does, in a sense. It’s not Dean’s fault that he can’t be what Cas wants him to be.
They stay that way until the kiss turns more heated, desperate. Only then does Cas peel his pants from his body and start the shower. He undresses Dean as he waits for the water to warm up, kissing him intermittently. These kisses hold no less heat, but they don't last as long.
almost ten in the morning, and Sam doesn’t usually sleep this late so Dean doesn’t feel entirely awful as he knocks on Sam’s door. Only moments later, he’s met with his younger brother’s messy mop of hair and he can’t help but grin. “Mornin’, Sammy!”
He’s certainly not expecting it when Cas removes his finger and dips his face lower, licking a flat stripe over the spot where his finger had been moments ago. Dean can’t stop the noise that comes out of his mouth, whatever it is. There aren’t words he can use to describe it, or maybe he just can’t find them with Cas’ tongue poking and prodding and licking at his asshole.
of him, as close as Castiel will ever have him. Dean’s head has dropped to his shoulder now, and Castiel taps the arm that’s hooked under his leg so that Dean will free it. He does, understanding Castiel’s wordless request, so Cas wraps his legs around Dean’s hips and holds him tight against his body. His arms hook beneath Dean’s and he digs the pads of his fingers into Dean’s shoulders, careful not to use his nails so he doesn’t break the skin there. It’s too precious for that, too sacred for Castiel to mar with his own hands. His hands were made to stitch Dean together again, not to inflict pain or damage.
There’s fighting. A lot of it. Cas deviates from his usual paths, the places he’s learned to lay low. He has to, in order to get to the portal. He starts using his grace, his powers again. It’s simpler that way. It draws in more monsters, but he’s able to defeat them easier like this. It’s easier to protect Dean this way.
Dean’s heart jumps into his throat when he clicks the call button while hovering over Sam’s contact. He holds the phone to his ear and clenches his eyes shut while he tries to will himself not to flip the damn thing closed and pretend like it never happened.
Cas’ heart sinks. It sinks to the bottom of his chest and then even lower.
He nods, “Cool. Well, we should probably get on the road, right? We can hit a drive through or something, no need to throw on real clothes. Steal somethin’ outta my bag or throw on something of your own, up to you. I’m gonna brush my teeth,” he says in a rush, clambering over Cas’ legs to grab his toothbrush out of his bag and walk into the bathroom.
Without waiting for an answer, Cas stands up and starts to walk toward the door. He drops the keys to his truck on the motel room table before reaching for the doorknob. Before he can turn it, Dean’s fingers curl around his other wrist. “Don’t you fucking
Dean smiles and he wants more than anything to smack a kiss against Cas’ mouth. He settles for knocking his ankle against Cas’ below the table, and he picks up his fork.
“You should go back to sleep,” Cas tells him. Dean notices that the TV is off and it’s gone dark outside, so he must have slept for a while. It’s a little disorienting, but he does still feel sleepy.
He realizes now that tears are flowing freely from his eyes, which is weird. He doesn’t know when that began. “I—“ he tries, but the words die in his throat before he can get them out. He all but faceplants into his mother’s shoulder, wrapping his arms around her.
Dean disappears beneath the covers, and that’s enough of an answer for both of them.
He makes his way out to the Impala and he climbs into the back, knowing his place. He stretches his legs out, takes a jacket out of his bag, and balls it up against the window as a pillow. He allows his eyes to close, but doesn’t get the chance to drift back off before he hears the driver’s side door squeak open. He cracks one eye open and sees Dean turning the key in the ignition.
“No worries, dude. She’s hard to park. Took me years to get it down. You’ll only have to park her when we get back tonight, and you won’t have to parallel park. It’ll be a lot easier.”
They’d expected babies to come and go. Maybe even a few toddlers. What they
They’ve packed up what little of their belongings are here, and all of it fits into two boxes. Brooke had been kind enough to pick up some coolers at the store yesterday, so they can even take most of their own food. They’ll just have to stop for gas.
he had been, and how much he hated himself for it. He still does, in some capacity, albeit for completely different reasons.
“You figure out what college you’re goin’ to yet, kid?”
Sam eventually knocks on the door to offer them dinner, knowing they won't pull themselves from the TV of their own volition. They eat in bed again, and Dean washes their dishes again afterward. Once again, he insists Cas stay in bed.
“Seeya, Sammy,” Dean says, and he flips his phone closed.
He picks a random Zeppelin record and gently pulls it out, careful to only touch the smooth parts, never the grooves. Just like Dean taught him. He sits it down on the record player with gentle consideration, not wanting to damage the borrowed record. He puts the needle down, and he lays back against his pillows as the soft sound of
not ashamed of who he is, but he also very much does not feel like putting up with the bullshit that comes with being gay in the midwest. He orders an iced caramel macchiato, which isn’t much better, but at least it isn’t pink.
“Cas, can you just-? Because I can’t, man. I can’t do it myself, so I
“...holy water? Devil’s traps? Does Dean know?” That’s… weird, but whatever. They’re probably talking about whatever TV show his mom’s decided is her favorite this month.
Cas just shakes his head. “No, Dean. Thank you, that’s very sweet of you,” he says, and his whole face goes red. Dean won’t deny that he feels the tips of his own ears get warm. “I-I mean, I’m. Uh. I’m just not hungry, thank you.”
Cas hisses when he sits, he’s pretty banged up. Bruises all over, but no major open wounds from what Dean could see. Which was pretty much everything. He walks over to where Sam has two more bags of food. He gives one to Cas before sitting down next to him with his own. The three of them finish their meal in silence before Sam walks over to the open bed.
Cas cradles his face then, seemingly understanding that Dean doesn’t give a rat’s ass about touching him in front of someone else. “I’ll always come back to you,” he says quietly. “I’ll be back before you see the sun, Dean. I promise,” he says, leaning forward to kiss his cheek. “But if I’m to keep that promise, I need to get going.”
“Yeah, buddy?”
Cas runs his hands through Dean’s hair, sighing. He looks so sad. He looks almost as broken as Dean feels. “I would give anything to have anyone but you in the middle of all of this,” he says. “It’s selfish, but it’s true. You’re what the other angels call a true vessel. You’re meant to house the archangel Michael.”
Once Cas is fully out of the ground, Dean sits back and stares.
Cas’ hand stays in Dean’s hair, the other one slides forward to wrap around his hip. “Dean?” he finally speaks, and he wonders silently if Dean had woken up and
He’s had fights like this before with Charlie. Once, he’d said something to piss her off and she hadn’t said a word to him for two full weeks. Another time, she’d pissed him off, and he’d given her the same treatment. Albeit, he only lasted about three days, because he hates conflict and he hates being angry at his friends, but still. He doesn’t want to not speak to Cas for two full weeks, or even two full days. He turns off his car and gets out.
So, Castiel stays. He’s still cold, shivering impossibly more violently than when he’d been burrowed beneath the covers, but Dean’s taking care of him.
Cas wakes up in a bed that could easily be mistaken for his own, but it's much bigger than his twin-size mattress in the bunker. His limbs are sprawled out across the mattress, it must be a Queen. That's odd. He hasn't even opened his eyes, but he's confused. Is he not in the Bunker? He knows that's where he went to sleep. Or... he thinks. He can't actually remember falling asleep, but there's an incessant pounding in his head that could point to a night of drinking last night. Maybe he just got confused in his drunken state and stumbled into a room with a bigger bed?
sincere. He
Dean. Don’t take that tone with me. I don’t care that you’re grown, I’m still your mother,” Mary snaps. “I understand that it’s a lot. I do. But it’s important for you to know.”
Dean stands, and he offers his hand to Castiel. He doesn’t need it, his legs made it out of this last hunt relatively unscathed, but he takes it anyway. He allows himself to smile as he stands in front of Dean, both of them bare. Dean’s cock points toward his bellybutton, the head of it red and leaking from lack of attention. Castiel will just have to do something about that. He’s already half-hard again himself, and Dean takes notice. Dean pulls their hips flush together as the water drains from the bathtub, and he leans down to kiss Castiel.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean whips up two PB&J's in record time, placing one in front of Cas, and sitting down across from him with the other. "First meal as a human again, and you choose PB&J. You're an odd guy, Cas," he says, but there's no malice behind his words. Only a fond smile as he bites into his own sandwich and watches Cas do the same.
He can’t even cry. What’s there to cry about? Fuck. He’s got the Leviathan Bloom. Their best shot at stopping Chuck, and it’s smushed in the inner pocket of his jacket and smelling like death. Well, great. He can’t just… abandon everyone to deal with Chuck on their own. He’s got an obligation to them to bring this back, so he damn well better do it.
Cas kisses the top of his head. “I’ll be here when you wake,” he says. Promises. “I love you.”
"Yeah, yeah. Okay. Let's start with the closest one," Dean says, pointing at one of the buildings on the map. They all conceal their weapons and head back out of the motel room, back to the car. Sam insists on driving them out to the woods, and Dean's too antsy to argue with him. He slides into the passenger seat and throws the keys over the hood to Sam.
him watch them, because God knows Cas doesn’t watch movies on his own. He claims he’s more entertained by his own thoughts, which is something Dean can’t even begin to understand, and he really doesn’t want to.
Dean settles back against the headboard once more, but he doesn’t release Castiel’s hands from his hold. “I want… you. God, Cas, I want so much from you that I’m not sure what to do with all of it. I wanna make you breakfast in the mornings, I wanna kiss you awake and make you take your vitamins. I wanna take care of you. I wanna be here for you. I want…” he trails off to flick open one side of Castiel’s robe, “…to touch you. I wanna make you feel good, Cas, and not just… not just like this.” Dean clears his throat and lets one hand curl around the bare skin of Castiel’s hip. “You said it. This isn’t about that, not entirely. I just want
he thinks, and then he slips past Jack in the kitchen to go to his room without even sparing a second glance at the broken ceramic on the concrete floor of the Bunker’s kitchen.
they’re watching a fucking porn parody.
"My de-" Sam cuts himself off, rolling his eyes. "
Rowena, of course. He should have been able to figure out that it was witches when Sam mentioned her the first time. His head had been a little too cloudy with thoughts of Dean being mortally wounded to draw that conclusion himself in the moment.
They drive out to the field, then, and Dean pulls off on the side of the road and kills the engine. “Why here?” Jack asks quietly.
Dean swallows and his arms reflexively tighten around Cas’ frame. “That’s nice, buddy. Thank you. I—we love you, too.” It’s the best he can do. He’s never really said those words out loud to anyone he actually
“Shut up and let me make you feel good, Dean.”
"You act like I'll give you a fucking disease if I so much as get too close to you," Dean grumbles, downing half his bottle of beer in one go. "Mind explaining that to me?"
Dean can obviously tell, because he pops off for a moment to speak. “Don’t hold back. I don’t care who hears us. Let them,” and then he goes right back to work with a newfound determination to apparently suck Cas’ entire life force out through his dick.
He doesn’t have to fight in this place, at least not often. At first, it had been nearly constant. He’s figured out better places to hide, now, and how to better fly under the radar. He supposes, if he made an effort, he could clean himself. He’d tried a couple of times, actually, but concentrating on using his grace draws monsters — specifically Leviathan — to him nearly instantaneously. He doesn’t know what happens to an angel killed in Purgatory, and he doesn’t care to find out. He hasn’t tried to mojo himself clean since.
“Friendsgiving?” Cas asks, cocking his head to one side.
and he turns on his heels to make a beeline for his room.
Dean smiles at that. “Well, good.”
Castiel nods, once. "Yes. You look very tired, Dean," he notes.
“That’s Cas,” Dean answers simply, not offering any more explanation.
Dean pretends that hearing those words from Cas doesn’t sting, even though it definitely does. “Seriously man, anybody but her.”
Charlie takes Dean by the wrist and drags him into the hallway, and Dean does his best to shoot Cas an
and he’s arching his back off the bed. “That’s it, Cas. Let go,” Dean breathes, and he swallows him all the way down again and all at once, Cas is surrounded by Dean’s mouth, Dean’s tongue, and Dean’s throat --
After that, neither of them last very long. Cas rolls his hips, rocks with Dean inside of him, lifts himself up and down slowly, and then fast. When Dean comes, he wraps his arms all the way around Cas’ middle and pulls him close so their chests are flush. He thrusts into him once, twice, three times, and then he stays there, groaning. He whines and his hips twitch and Cas can actually
Absolutely fucking not. He’s made it almost his entire college career without fucking a man, he’s not about to start now. Not like this. Not over someone he met less than a week ago. Yes, Cas is cool, and he’s hot in a way that’s genuinely otherworldly, but Dean’s willpower is stronger than that. It
Andromeda, the daughter of Cassiopeia, sacrificed for her mother’s crimes on Dean’s lower back — representative of Dean serving time spent in Hell as a result of his father’s shortcomings. None of that ever should’ve fallen on his shoulders. He had deserved better, and now Castiel has the chance to give it to him.
Claire sniffles, “I’m still not calling either of you dad,” she says, and they all dissolve into laughter.
Cas mumbles against his lips, “Escritoire.”
“You should know that I… I-” Dean grumbles in frustration, and Cas soothes him by running a hand through his hair.
hungry. But that's not what he's talking about. Cas obviously caught Dean's reaction and he quirks up and smirks at him.
He’s a month into his senior year of college, and it fucking sucks.
Sam turns the key in the ignition and Dean grins as she comes back to life.
The good news is, this gives him someone to take care of. This gives him a way out of his own head. If he can focus his energy on taking care of Cas, making sure Cas is okay, he doesn’t have to think about the fact that his mom and his brother and now
He exhales, realizing it’s been a fucking
Their story doesn’t have an end, Dean realizes. Life goes on and it keeps going on, even after death.
Dean sends him a thumbs up with his back already turned and his feet beginning to carry him home.
Cas just offers him a nod and watches him walk to the bathroom and close the door. He hears the lock click and he swallows.
Cas elects to continue ignoring real Dean, which is going to be very hard whenever he sees that Sam has a beard. It almost makes Cas smile to think about Dean teasing him for it. Almost. But he doesn't let himself.
love him.
And then, Dean uncovers his eyes.
Dean can’t help but chuckle, and he nods. “Yeah, of course. Grab me one of the burping cloths out of the diaper bag, I’ll show you,” he says. He takes Jack from Cas’ arms and presses another kiss to his forehead. While Cas digs through the diaper bag, Dean rubs at the space between his eyebrows like he’d seen Cas do in the car. “How did you know this would work?” he asks.
His mom is saying things, but he isn’t sure what. The people from the trucks check her out, too, but eventually his mommy gets back in the car, still crying, and starts to drive away.
“Just
“Your whole life, all you’ve done is protect. You protected Sam as best you could, you protected Cassie from the truth, and you protected humanity from all the evils that lurk at their doorsteps. I saw you spend thirty years in Hell, on the rack, protecting other souls from yourself. I saw it all, Dean. All of that protection, with little to no recognition,” Cas says, and he’s shaking. He doesn’t know why, but he can’t seem to stop it. He realizes, with horror, that Dean is the one that’s shaking.
scars,” Cas grumbles, swinging his legs off the bed. He yelps when he tries to put his full weight on them, the bruises making all of his muscles sore.
Cas laughs. Really, genuinely laughs. It comes from his belly, and it bubbles up out of his throat. “Yes, Dean,” he says through his laughter, “You could say I like… hugs.”
had completely knocked the wind out of him. He’d been running through the trees, toward the longing that he felt radiating from Dean at every moment of every day. He knows that it would be easy to find Dean, if he needed to. It could take him a while to hone in on an exact location without needing to concentrate on his grace, but he knows he could do it. He had begun to do it before Dean’s words seeped into his brain like golden honey flowing from a dipper.
Dean swallows.
He’s actually becoming really fucking bothered, because Cas is just… completely and totally unfazed. He doesn’t react. He doesn’t even blink. He just smiles sweetly, leans forward, and takes his own sip while the cup is still in Dean’s hand.
Dean doesn’t say anything to this, he just finishes up Sam’s health-nut breakfast and puts the plate down at the table. The library is far enough away from the kitchen that Dean should be able to trap Sam here to talk about this. All he has to do now is go wake the bear.
Cas just smiles with a hint of something Dean doesn't recognize and nods his head. "Of course, Dean. I suppose I should head to bed as well. Before I do, though, I have to insist that we both eat something. Especially you." His eyes are pleading, like he might just cry if he can't convince Dean to eat something.
Dean shakes him off and sighs. “I’m gonna wait out there. No archangels waiting to ride my ass, right? When Anna gets here, I wanna know.”
John questions.
“We’ll have another day,” Cas says. “I promise. At least one.”
I’m scared, Cas. Isn’t that reasonable?” he asks.
Cas shakes his head. “None of that. You’re fine, that’s good. Just breathe, eyes on me. Hands on me. I’m here.” Cas draws him forward so that his head is pressed into his t-shirt, effectively soaking his shoulder in tears. “It’s okay. Whatever happened, it’s over. I’ve got you,” Cas whispers soothingly, and Dean crumbles. His arms wrap around Cas’ shoulders and he hangs on for dear life, long after his cries have softened. If he pulls back, he has to face this. He has to look at Cas in the eyes and know that he just had some sort of weird flashback/panic attack combo right in front of him.
Cas gives him a smile at that, which Dean takes to mean that yes, that does sound good.
Cas winces every time Dean has to touch one of the gashes, but he works quickly and efficiently to get him bandaged up. He doesn’t want to try wrestling Cas into a t-shirt, so he pulls the covers up beneath his armpits so he’s covered, but can use his arms if he needs to. “Thank you, Dean,” he says softly, reaching up to touch Dean’s face. “I’m sorry I scared you.”
Dean does what he said he would, and shortly he’s sliding in next to Cas at the table with two plates. Wordlessly, he put Cas’ plate down in front of him. Just bacon and eggs and a slice of toast, but it smells wonderful. They eat their food in relative silence, their knees knocking together.
Cas laughs as he stands up off the bed as well, crossing over to stand in front of Dean. He looks him up and down, pulling his bottom lip between his teeth. "I don't know, Dean. It might be worth it," Cas jokes.
Cas drops his bag right where he’s standing and starts walking in circles around the room. He doesn’t touch anything, which Dean appreciates, just looks. “Don’t apologize,” Cas says. “This room is a part of you. I like all your parts,” he says. Eloquent. And, bonus, it knocks the wind right out of Dean for the second time today. Go figure.
They get wrapped up in binge watching whatever show they’d decided on, and before they know it, there’s a knock at the door. “Boys?” Mary says.
Except, Dean bats his hand away. Cas frowns and almost pulls his finger out as well, but Dean is breathing heavily and his face and chest are flushed. He doesn’t appear to be upset or in pain. “Are you alright?”
It rings twice before John picks up.
other business majors.”
, Dean thinks. He walks back over to the coffee pot for a refill, and he turns back to Jack with his full mug.
but then again, who could’ve? Especially with angels on their ass. She did her best, brought Cas back alive, so that has to be good enough for now. “So his grace,” Dean starts, and Brooke winces. Not a great sign. “They didn’t bottle it up nice ‘n pretty like they did Anna’s, did they?” he asks, but he’s pretty sure he already knows the answer.
They’re outside Dean’s apartment before he knows it, and he groans when he realizes it. He’s gonna have to fucking walk up the stairs. Cas is at his side in no time, helping him out of the car without even being asked. Dean flings an arm over his shoulders, humming when Cas’ fits around his waist. He leans on Cas probably more than is strictly necessary, but sue him, he likes to be close. He doesn’t often have the excuse to be this close to Cas, and he wants to hang on to it for every last second that he can. “You’re a good friend, Cas.”
Cas hadn’t made him answer for this morning’s actions, but he may have to answer for these. He doesn’t know what he’ll say, and sleep overtakes him before he has a chance to work it out. He’ll figure something out. This is worth it.
At least someday, he’ll get it all back.
Cas sighs. “We’re in rural Indiana,” he says, and Dean is genuinely on the verge of being sick all over again. “We flew.”
Cas shakes his head, turns to look out the window. “I guess there’s a lot of things I haven’t done,” he says quietly, and Dean stares ahead at the road.
Cas grins. “I’m sure I’ll love it, whatever it is.” He tears at the smaller one first, revealing a leather-bound notebook with his initials inscripted on the spine. “Oh, Dean…” he marvels, running his fingers down the spine and turning it over in his hands. He opens it up and lets his fingers dance across the paper, and he looks up at Dean. “It’s beautiful. You didn’t need to do this, I didn’t even get you anything in return,” he says quietly.
“I’d love that, Dean.”
because if he doesn’t, he’s pretty sure he’s gonna die. “Perfect for me, but you never eat it when we get it. Get something you’ll eat.”
He rounds a corner, and the rift is in sight. There’s still no Cas to be found, and Dean curses under his breath. Then, from the other side of a tree to his left, there’s movement. He surges forward, a lot like he would sweep the rooms of a house, and he cocks his gun and aims it.
He waits.
One game of monopoly takes five people somewhere around three and a half hours to finish. It’s almost ten o’clock when they finally pack everything up, and it’s a Thursday. Dean doesn’t have classes on Fridays, but he knows Cas does. “Don’t you have an eight a.m. tomorrow, buddy?” he asks. “Should we get you home?”
And yet, he remains baffled by Dean Winchester. A lot of humans will just tell you what they’re thinking. They’ll tell you if they have a problem, how they’re feeling, and what they want. Not Dean. Cas has never met anyone so full of love, but so clearly ashamed of it. And Cas, for the life of him, can’t understand
Dean nods, and he makes a point of swallowing his food before he talks. “Like always. I don’t understand why there’s
that's totally not what Dean was expecting.
Sam grunts on the other end of the line and huffs. Cas hears what he thinks is Sam dusting himself off, but he can’t be sure. “A little banged up, but fine. We found the book. We… God, Cas. We killed all of them,” Sam says. “We’re about to head back, how’s Dean?”
Dean cuts him off before he can enter some sort of shame spiral over doing what’s best for himself. “Knock it off,” he says. “I couldn’t ever hate you, Sammy. Don’t ever think that.”
Dean scoffs, “You? A problem child? Jesus, Cas. How strict
Dean moves to his calves, then, trailing kisses from just above his ankle all the way up to his knee. He switches sides with every other kiss, making sure he gives enough attention to every inch of Castiel’s legs.
"Well, I- Yeah. Kinda. But it's not a big deal. We both need to eat." Dean shrugs and groans as he stands up for the first time in a few hours, his legs all but completely asleep. He has to sit back down immediately because his legs wobble, and he can't hold himself up. He moves them around and stretches them out from his seated position, trying to get them to wake up.
he complains. It’s true. Cas hasn’t bathed since, well, his bath. “C’mon. Up and at ‘em, sweetheart. Brooke said she got the stuff for me to make french toast.”
“Lay on your back for me?” Dean says into his mouth, and he pinches just slightly at one of Castiel’s nipples.
inside his chest. “You too?” he asks, and he finally turns over to face Cas. “So… this whole time,” he starts, “You’re telling me I could’ve made a move and you would’ve been open to it?” he half-jokes, trying to lighten his own mood, and hopefully Cas’ as well.
what he’s supposed to say to the guy.
He can’t hear the full conversation she has with Cas, but he catches the tail end. “You keep him safe,” his mother says, fisting Cas’ jacket in her hands.
Cas thinks for a moment, and then he shrugs his shoulders. “I don’t know why she wouldn’t. She’s very kind. Probably a little too kind, sometimes,” he admits. “It may be too much to ask of even her, however, depending on what you have in mind.”
“You’re like a friggin’ human furnace or somethin’, Cas. Not that I’m complaining, but jeez,” Dean says, heading off down the road toward his apartment. He wonders if he can secure himself a sleepover without the threat of slick roads. He knows he can, but it’s been a while since he outright
In fact — Dean takes it upon himself to reach up and take Cas’ wrist. Cas looks confused for a few seconds, and maybe like he might pull his hand away entirely until Dean simply moves it upward a fraction of an inch, so his nostrils are covered. Cas will have to actually pinch to completely cut off Dean’s air flow, but Dean knows that Cas has gotten the picture when his eyes go wide and his hand stops moving for a second.
Dean grumbles and rolls his eyes but he leans forward anyways. He glares at Cas out of the corner of his eye, but Cas just stares forward into the mirror and grins. Eventually Dean meets his eyes through the mirror, and they're both smiling over toothbrushes and through toothpaste.
in public, after all.
He wakes up without Dean, once, and he hates it immediately. He wants to get up and start looking for him, but he only gets his legs swung over the edge of the bed before Dean’s entering the room with a damp washcloth folded lengthwise a few times, into a strip. Castiel’s seen this in movies, laying a wet washcloth on someone’s forehead to — soothe them? He doesn’t actually know the purpose. But when Dean settles back into bed, guides Castiel to lay on his chest with his face upward, he thinks he understands. Dean brushes his hair out of the way as best he can and lays a cool, damp washcloth across his forehead, temple to temple.
Cas breaks, turning to look at Dean again. He looks at Dean for a few moments, his heart thumping wildly. So badly, more than anything, he wants to take off running out the motel room door and leave. And he wants to stick to his guns and not let Dean convince him to stay. Not that he’d even try, he never does.
Dean Winchester, who Castiel has witnessed in so many forms.
Cas sighs, catches Dean’s wrist. “You live like, three miles from here. Let me walk with you.”
“Very good,” Rowena smiles. “Now, run along. Keep little Dory entertained,” she says, and makes a shooing motion with her hands. “Sam and I need the room.”
but okay. He can roll with this. His hands settle at Cas’ hips, rubbing small circles with his thumbs. He nods once to give Cas the green light, and Cas does it.
excited.
“He loves you very much, Dean. You’re about all he has these days, aside from me. You two have been through so much, even before I was around. His courage and selflessness astound me every day. So does yours,” Cas smiles, and there’s a hint of sadness to it. He wonders if Dean will remember enough to recognize it.
Dean sighs and leans forward one more time to seal his lips against Cas’, and then he stands. Cas follows him into the kitchen and to the table, where Missouri’s made them soup. Chicken noodle, by the looks of it.
Dean deflates a little, he hadn’t realized he’d been standing with his chest puffed out until he started to walk. He heads for the door, jerking his head toward it, silently telling Castiel to follow. “Honestly? That’d be fucking
“Bathroom, dude. I don’t think I need you for that, I still remember how to piss,” he jokes, but Cas can’t laugh. He can’t bring himself to. Not when Dean has already forgotten which door they came in through and which door belongs to the bathroom.
touched by him. His fingers skate down Castiel’s chest, between the lines of his abdominal muscles. “You’re somethin’ else, Cas.”
“Hey, that’s fine. I can teach you. It’s real easy, you just gotta support his head, man. Here, hold your arms like mine are right now. Put the bottle down, I’ll hand it to you when you’re situated. Sit down at the table, I’ll put him in your arms,” he says, crowding Cas to effectively herd him toward the kitchen table.
He opens the bathroom door and flips the lightswitch off. He sits down on the bed next to Cas and rolls his shoulders, wincing when his skin tugs in the wrong way because of a cut on his bicep. He scowls down at it, the damn ghost had shattered a window and sent shards flying everywhere, and one had swiped him. It wasn't deep, he didn't need stitches, but it still stung annoyingly. Luckily, none of the shards had hit Cas.
“By hanging up the phone when he started asking questions,” Dean jokes, and he gets a laugh for it. He feels a warmth rising up out of him that he hasn’t felt at least since Sam left for Stanford. It’s just good to know Sam doesn’t hate him.
Cas curls up into him this time, laying his head on Dean’s chest. Dean runs his fingers through Cas’ slightly sweat-damp hair and smiles. “I—I uh,” he starts, and oh God, he’s really about to say this, isn’t he? “I really like you, y’know that?” he says quietly.
“I have a brother?” Dean asks incredulously. “What’s he like?”
His mom is under the car when he comes out to the garage. “Mom?” he says, crouching down to be closer to her.
Cas sighs and sits down next to him. “How did you get this drunk, this quickly?” he asks.
Minutes, hours tick by. Dean doesn't know, and he doesn’t care. Neither of them breathe a word as the world outside goes on without them. Somehow, the whole universe sits right here with him in a relatively small room in a relatively small house in rural Indiana. The universe has him cradled in its arms, the universe branded its handprint into his skin. The universe loves Dean, and Dean loves him right back.
"I'm awake," He grumbles, clearly not happy about it at all. He presses soft kisses all over Dean's chest, and then he lifts his head to meet his eyes. "Can't we just stay here, Dean?"
“Yes, because the last party we went to was
Mary is silent for a long time. Dean doesn’t even know how many minutes tick by as he listens to her breathe on the other end of the phone, the only sign that she’s even there at all. “Cas can keep you safe,” she finally says. “We can’t talk about this now, Dean. I—I need a few days. It’s not safe for me to talk,” she explains. “I’ll call you, I promise I’ll call.”
Before Dean gets a chance to formulate a reply to Cas, Garth pipes up for him. “Yes. He does it
hears the way Cas says his name.
“Come in, mom!”
is that he doesn’t think there’s any reason he would leave Cas’ side right now, short of literally dropping dead.
As he yells, Dean can tell he’s growing more and more upset. There’s nothing he can do but sit and take it, because that’s what he deserves. Nothing that Jack’s saying isn’t true.
Dean wakes up and does the same thing he’s been doing for the last four straight days — tends to Cas’ wounds.
Castiel takes it, allows Dean to lead him. Dean picks up the previously discarded robe from the ground and drapes it over Castiel’s shoulders. Cas sticks his arms through while Dean folds one side of the robe over the other and ties it for him. “Thanks,” Cas whispers, leaning forward to press their lips together again.
Dean exhales. Every time Cas says that, he feels like his breath has been punched out of him. “You can’t even see me,” he retorts weakly.
less grossed out than Dean had been at the first diaper he’d ever changed. Dean supposed that in all of Cas’ years of life, he’s probably seen stuff that’s a lot more gross than a dirty diaper. When Cas finishes, he turns to Dean. “It’s not too tight, is it? He won’t be uncomfortable?”
Dean doesn't respond.
Dean flicks the covers off himself and walks over to the window. He raises the blinds to get a better look, and — sure enough, the snow stuck. It stuck, alright. Dean can’t eyeball how many inches that is, but too many to drive in, he’s sure. He might as well head downstairs and see what smells so good.
Cas shakes his head. He’s in for an interesting few hours alone with Dean, if his flirtations in the motel room are any clue. “No, your brother just asked me to keep an eye on you while he sorts out a solution to your… prob...lem—why are you looking at me like that?” Cas asks, because Dean’s eyes look like they’re about to pop out of his head.
Dean nods. He breathes out a sigh of relief. He knows that it
Cas rubs his back and hooks his chin over Dean’s shoulder anyway. “Well, good,” he says quietly. “He’s doing well, then?” he asks.
Beck comes back to the table with their plates then, and Dean snags his hand back from around Cas’ wrist so fast that he almost knocks the wind out of himself. Beck gives him a side-eye, but then it fades into a smirk. “You two enjoy,” they say, “I’ll be your cashier when you’re ready.”
Dean lets out a choked sob, pressing his cheek into one of Cas’ palms. “I’m so fuckin’ scared, Cas,” he breathes, and his eyes slide closed. He tries to deepen his breathing, tries to get a handle on his tears. They still stream down his face freely after his eyes have closed, but his breathing steadies.
Dean looks as if Cas has just pulled his still-beating heart right out of his chest, thrown it on the ground, and stomped on it. He’s actually not sure if he’s ever seen Dean look this gutted, and he knows of moments where Dean has been much more upset than he must be now. Except, Dean can’t remember those moments. He can’t remember that he usually takes the route of bottling up everything he feels in order to deal with it on his own time. He doesn’t remember that it’s not in his nature to be this open about the way he feels.
Before Cas knows it, he’s lost in thought again. He thinks about their fingertips touching as they reach into the popcorn bowl at the same time, and how nice that would feel. He wonders if maybe Dean would sit close to him like he does sometimes, on days when Cas gets very, very lucky. Once, Dean had even drifted off to sleep with his head on Cas’ shoulder…
He’s not going to use soap this time, there’s no point in making this hurt more than it’s already going to. He’s gonna have to go in with alcohol to disinfect them once he’s done cleaning him, and that’ll be bad enough.
He finally opens his eyes, and he's so startled that he rolls off the bed entirely. He hits the floor and curses, the blankets and sheets around him doing next to nothing to break his fall on the cold concrete floor of Dean's room.
Bashfulness is not a feeling that Castiel has had the opportunity to become acquainted with until this very moment. He doesn’t remember that he’s naked until Dean is at his side. He doesn’t let it get to him too much, because the water is murky enough to hide whatever isn’t hidden by his legs being curled to his chest. Then, instead of bashfulness, he feels embarrassment. Shame, for quite literally bathing in his own filth.
So now that Cas has been dead for months, coming right up on a year, Dean’s mad all over again. That’s why he's in the meadow, because usually, it calms him down.
Despite all of that, Cas treats Dean like
He’s started to remember it more clearly as the years pass him by. He figures that this probably happens to a lot of people who were traumatized as kids. The memories get blocked until your brain thinks you’re old enough or mature enough to process them or some shit, Dean doesn’t know anything about the technical side of all of it.
They pull up to the bunker while Dean’s still lost in thought, and the only thing that shakes him out of it is Sam cutting the engine. This wakes Jack up, too, and the poor thing starts crying instantly. Dean shoots his brother an
“Yes, your mother. Dean, it took me a day and a half to notice the abundance of salt in your home. It took me an additional three to conclude that your mother keeps a jar of holy water in every room. At dinner, the first night, I noticed that every piece of cutlery was made of pure silver. All of these are defenses against the supernatural. I know you’ve noticed. Perhaps not the silver, but the rest,” Cas says.
Cas smiles at her. “We’d really like to, Claire. If you want,” he says. “There’s no pressure. It would just mean one last check from Child Services. They wouldn’t have to come every other month, anymore. They’d do one last sweep of the house, make us sign some papers, and then you’d be ours,” he says.
The light in the room is dim, but not pitch black like it
Dean nods off somewhere between being wrapped in Cas’ wings and being held inside a small pine box that was never made to truly contain either of them.
he thinks.
Dean thinks about it for a minute. He tries to put himself back in that bar -- so much has happened since then, but he finds it relatively easy. That in and of itself should probably be telling, but he tries not to linger on it. Aaron’s cute. He’s cute in the nerdy sort of way, and Dean didn’t really think he had to be attracted to guys to see that much. But now that he’s really thinking about it, he
“Are you going to be alright?” Jack asks him, and he pulls back to look Dean in the eye.
Aaron shrugs again “Yeah,” he says, as simple as that. “Like I said, I got time. You look good, by the way. Young,” he adds, and it’s not even hard for him. It’s not hard for him at all to compliment another man that way, and Dean finds himself envious.
Cas stands up, suddenly scowling again, and he punches Dean in the shoulder. “You
good at giving Dean vague answers and turning the question around on him.
"Yeah, Cas?" Dean asks, playing dumb for as long as he can. His time's almost up.
“I love you. Of course I love you, Dean.”
He presses invisible kisses all over Cas’ skin, in every place he can that he’s sure won’t hurt Cas. He presses a few to the bruises that litter one of his shoulders, each touch of his lips feather-light.
homey. So he puts on the jacket, he lets it provide a momentary home for him, it allows him to shelter himself from the world for just a fucking
He’s taking a drag off his cigarette when the front door creaks open. “Dean?” he hears, and he turns around to see Cas stumbling out of the house looking adorably concerned. He tries not to let it show that he’s mad, he really does try, but it doesn’t really work. He just turns away from Cas again and takes another drag. He kicks a rock off the porch.
Surely Sam remembers last time. There’s no way he doesn’t. Dean had been a
is the fastest shower of his life, but the shower has a clear glass sliding door. It’s not even that stupid frosted glass shit, it’s just clear, so Cas can watch him. Cas
Cas drops one hand from Dean's arm to wrap his own hand around Dean. His own movements are less calculated and a lot more hurried, but he can't help it. He feels like he's about to die, right here in Dean's arms. His whole body feels hot, and not just because of the shower.
He doesn’t know much sign language yet, but Eileen’s been helpful, when she’s around. Sam smiles at him and signs
A short burst of air flares out of Dean’s nostrils, somewhere on the verge of a laugh. Even the corner of his mouth turns up a tiny bit, not that Anna can see that. “I miss him,” Dean says. There’s nothing else he can say.
Cas smiles gratefully at him. The game hadn’t been their worst, not by far, but Dean imagines that Cas is probably still a little overwhelmed. There had been a ten minute long screaming match between Charlie and Anna at one point, and the rest of them had no choice but to sit back and watch it happen, because no way in
Dean steps aside and Cas steps into his mothers arms, and it warms his heart more than it maybe should. He wishes he didn’t care so much about her opinion, but the fact that she and Cas seem to have blown right over whatever argument they had on Christmas gives him a sense of great relief.
Dean nods. Sure, he’ll lay down. It’ll appease Cas for a little while, and he’s a little bit cold, anyway. He keeps his eyes trained on the wall as he slinks beneath the covers, pulling them up over his shoulders again.
“You can have them if you want them,” Cas offers, “you didn’t eat very much.”
He hangs up after that, not waiting for Sam to respond. He's probably halfway back to the motel when he hears the unmistakable roar of his Baby's engine. He comes to a stop as he turns around and is instantly blinded by her headlights. He waits for Sam to roll to a stop, before he climbs into the backseat with Cas. "Go, go, go!" Dean cries, scooping Cas' head into his hands to lay it in his lap.
Dean nods his head. “Yeah. I’ll go wake ‘em up in a few,” he says. He figures that both of them are probably just tired from all of this apocalypse business. He’s tired, too, but nothing gets him out of bed faster than the smell of bacon.
Cas immediately clicks his phone off and shuffles down to snake his arms around Dean’s middle, pressing his lips to the juncture in his neck where it meets his shoulder. He leaves soft kisses there, the hand that isn’t trapped under Dean trailing down his side, over his boxers to settle on top of his thigh. “Happy Birthday,” he whispers, letting his fingers brush underneath the bottom hem of Dean’s boxers.
deal, Dean? Cas is back, and you- you're just-" Sam tilts his head. "You already knew. That's why you left your room," he deducts, sighing. "You knew? You fucking
but Dean beats him to it. “You know, just a few days ago, I tried to get you laid.” Cas looks up at him and widens his eyes. He
God, like they do this every morning or something, Cas takes the juice and sips at it. Dean could kiss him. Again. He keeps forgetting it even happened. He wants to be upset at himself for letting their first kiss be during a stupid, childish game of
Cas nods and stands from the couch, and then his wings are outstretched. Dean’s still in awe, even though he’d spent quite a bit of time only a few hours ago getting to know them quite intimately. He doesn’t think he’ll ever get used to his boyfriend having
Cas soothes him with a hand running up and down his spine. “You’re just calling him for someone else’s contact information,” he reminds Dean. “But yes,” he says, and he squeezes Dean around the middle. “We can go get breakfast.”
Dean nods. “Yes, I’m sure.”
“I think you saved me,” Dean says, and he hopes that’ll ease Cas a little. “I — it felt like you,” he says, quieter.
Cas points, and Dean runs. He doesn’t even bother shutting the door behind himself before he’s kneeling in front of the toilet, emptying his stomach of its contents. Turns out that as good as the breakfast Cas had made him was going down, it’s fucking awful coming back up. He white-knuckles the toilet bowl, and it just won’t
“Wow, straight to it, huh?” Aaron laughs, and he takes a sip of his drink. Dean mirrors him -- it’s actually pretty good. Strong, but still fruity. Sweet. “Nothing crazy,” he says. “Car accident. Maybe two years after we met.”
It’s still just as true as it ever was.
he thinks. "Cas doesn't even mind it, he eats it whenever he gets out of bed before you."
Without waiting for Sam or Cas, Dean heads out to the garage in a huff to throw his stuff in. He climbs into the driver's seat and sits, waits. He won't admit it, won't even show it with anyone around, but he gets antsy before a hunt these days. After so many close calls, every hunt begins to feel like it could be their last. His leg bounces as he waits for Sam and Cas to get to the car. He told them ten minutes, and it's only been five. He wants to go inside and snap at them to get their asses in gear, but he doesn't. They're not technically running behind. Yet.
Dean nods and sniffles. He keeps his arms wrapped tight around his mother, and he stares at the digital clock over her shoulder. 11:59pm. He’s almost 16. He hadn’t even noticed the time when he’d come out here. He waits, watches the clock with his arms around his mother until it turns to 12:00.
Once they’re seated, a waitress takes their order — two eggs over medium, two slices of toast, and a side of bacon for Dean, and a stack of pancakes, an order of sausage, and an order of hashbrowns for Cas.
Cas' tongue slides easily into Dean's mouth, like that's where it belongs. And if Dean whines,
He supposes that, under normal circumstances, he isn’t. Still. He looks so beautiful like this, so unashamed.
“I’m sorry,” Cas says.
get flustered when Aaron spoke to him in the bar. When Aaron thought he was gay. He assumed at the time that maybe he was just embarrassed, or maybe he felt bad because he couldn’t give Aaron what he wanted. Looking back, it’s pretty easy to see that he was just nervous about someone being able to see straight through him like that. How many other gay guys on cases clocked him but kept their mouths shut?
tonight, dude. But I also wanna come back and sleep in my own bed. And I can’t exactly walk home from this party. It’s too far,” he says. “I guess I was wondering if you’d drive me home tonight. You can drive Baby, I trust you, as long as you don’t drive like a maniac.”
Cas is by his side way too quickly, absolutely faster than normal. Dean figures he played down a lot of the angel shit before he fessed up. He looks
to feel this way other than in stupid, cheesy chick-flicks that he absolutely does
He’s so beautiful every time. Every time Dean takes him apart like this, Cas is so beautiful. He makes the prettiest sounds as he comes apart in Dean’s grip. Just like every time, Dean works him through it, angling his dick so that it covers Dean’s abdomen instead of his own. Cas’ legs start to get a little shaky as soon as he’s done, so Dean rinses himself off and turns off the water.
Dean, would be repulsed if he woke up spooning Cas.
They only get through a few of Dean's various mixtapes before Sam turns around to offer the box to Cas, and Dean sees through the rearview mirror that he's fallen asleep. Dean thinks back to being a kid, being curled up in that exact same spot with his dad's jacket wadded up under his head as a makeshift pillow. His heart clenches inside his chest, but he doesn't stew on it. He just fishes around in the box himself, popping the first one he grabs into the tape player.
Dean's dick has very much
“Is this alright?” Cas asks, and Dean nods furiously before he remembers that Cas can’t see him.
"You really are a messy eater, Dean." Cas notes, before bringing his thumb to his own mouth and licking the mustard off. Dean seriously cannot
Dean sighs. He knows Cas isn’t going to budge. He knows Cas well enough to know that his stubbornness rivals Dean’s own, which says a lot. Dean could fight him, but he knows he’d lose. Cas isn’t taking him, and he just has to deal with it.
Cas hears his words as he’s being tossed around like a rag doll by a couple of Leviathan. He truly believes this is where he’ll die. He’s not worried about what’s next for himself, all he can think about is how much he regrets not being able to save Dean. All he’d wanted was to get Dean to safety, but just as he thought; in the end, it was his own fault that Dean wouldn’t get to go home.
“Sam,” Dean answers, short and sweet. The less words he says to Cas before he figures his shit out, the better. Cas seems to accept this answer, because he eats his food quickly before announcing that he’s going to go read in the library.
He fails.
Dean brushes some hair from his face, let’s his fingers trail down Cas’ cheek. “You don’t have to say it back. Just wanted you to know,” he says, and he finds it to be true. He’s not even going to be mad or upset if Cas doesn’t want to say it back. He knows it hasn’t been a long time since they met, but he also knows he’s never felt this way before. He knows he’s never been able to force himself to admit that out loud to anyone else, and he knows how easy it was to let them fall out of his mouth when Cas was on the receiving end. He doesn’t need to hear it back, he just needed to say it.
He feels the bed dip beside him and only then does he turn to see that it’s Cas that followed him up here. Not really surprising, and he’s happy that it’s Cas instead of Sam or his mother. He’s not angry at Sam, but he’s not really keen on talking to him or their mother at the present moment. He allows himself to lean on Cas, let Cas support his upper body weight.
“Pontiac, Illinois.”
“No, Cas. Just like the last ten times you asked. Trust me, you’ll be the first to know if I do,” he snaps. “I didn’t even think you were that close to her. Why do you care so much?” he bites, and he knows he’s being a dick. He knows it. But he
Dean’s head whips around to find Anna in the kitchen, and she drops the plate she’d been drying at the same moment. Dean turns back to look at the door, and then there’s a knock again. Harder, louder this time.
The drive from Marshfield, Missouri to Lawrence is only about three and a half hours. He and Cas don’t talk much — but Cas knows all the words to all his favorite Zeppelin songs. He sings right along with Good Times Bad Times and tells Dean it’s his favorite. Dean wants nothing more than to pull off on the side of the road and have his way with the guy, but — there ain’t exactly time, and it’s broad frickin’ daylight anyway. It’ll just have to wait.
as he comes across Cas’ lower stomach. He tucks his bottom lip between his teeth and it’s something close to a  goddamn miracle that he can even stay upright. He breathes through it with an open mouth, but thankfully, no noise comes out of his mouth as Cas works him through it while maintaining eye contact the
Cas. Jesus.” No matter what he thinks of Cas, no matter how much he can wax poetic about the taste inside Cas’ mouth, he only really knows of one way to express it. Vulgarity.
I’m a pretty powerful witch, Dean, but not powerful enough to fight off six angels. Even
Okay, so. Not moving. Definitely not moving, because this is… fuck. Dean doesn’t even have words for what this is. His brain is offline. Absolutely nothing going on behind his eyes. All he can think to do is arch his back and roll down to get Cas’ tongue deeper inside him.
Cas smiles at him. Dean sorta wants to slap it right off his face. Or maybe kiss the life out of him, he really isn’t sure. He has no idea what it is about this guy he can’t seem to figure out.
Dean’s heart seizes in his chest as he stares at Cas spreading lube on three of his fingers, his eyes stinging as Cas presses the first one in.
“Just you. That’s all I want,” Cas admits, and Dean nods. That’s easy. Cas has had him for almost a decade now. He’s already got that.
privilege to touch, and not Castiel’s privilege to
Cas stiffens, Dean can hear it. He hears Cas quit moving, hears him quit breathing for a moment. “I’m sure, Dean. Thank you.”
He stands up and walks across the circle, helping her up off her feet so he can pull her close to his body. “Hello again,” he says, loud enough that he’s sure Cas hears, which means everyone else probably hears as well. She smiles at him, swats his arm, and stands on her toes to press their lips together. He smiles into it, Cassie is
— he still can’t make himself say ‘love,’ not even in the privacy of his own mind —
Dean laughs, then, laughs so hard that his face is turned skyward and his abs ache with it a little. “I did, didn’t I?” he asks, looking back at Cas. Oh God. He’s really back.
Dean settles in against Cas, mostly just happy to be able to spend time with him like this. It’s not easy to put the prospect of Cas leaving out of his mind, but he can do it for long enough to enjoy just this one day. Cas’ hand runs through his hair, scratching at his scalp and pulling him in close anytime Dean lifts his head to try and look at the TV. He sighs and resigns himself to just listening to Jeopardy, which is somehow better than watching it, so he’s not complaining.
Numbly, he rests his hands on the small of her back. It’s a little weird, he thinks, a former angel standing on her toes just to give him a hug. Just to comfort him. “He’ll come back,” Anna tells him, but it sounds more like she's just trying to convince herself more than anything.
“Yeah, well, you were thinkin’ it. So knock it off.”
Dean keeps staring at him, and Cas can almost see the gears click into place in his mind. He can see the moment Dean realizes why Cas has been acting the way he’s been acting. Dean turns his gaze back to their joined hands, and Cas rubs his thumb in a circle against Dean’s palm.
He’s not equipped to deal with any of this. He’s sure that if he looked in a mirror, he wouldn’t even recognize the person staring back at him.
high.
Cas bows his head to look at their hands. He scoots closer to Dean on the bed and clutches their joined hands to his chest. “Oh, Dean,” he says, and looks back up to see Dean’s eyes shining bright green in the light of the sunset. The only light in the room comes from the orange evening haze outside, and it shines on Dean beautifully. “You do. Of course you do.”
They're kissing. Finally. After months of this stupid dance Dean had himself convinced he had to do. Dumbest fucking idea he's ever had. If anyone ever tried to lay a hand on Cas to get to him, well, he'd just have to rip them to shreds with his bare hands.
to be useful.
a blowjob? Dean doesn't know. And he doesn't feel like asking. Because if Cas says yes, he thinks he'll go insane. The thought of anyone else ever seeing Cas this way makes him jealous, and it makes him that much more determined to make this fucking awesome for Cas. He shimmies out of his own boxers, so he can grind against the bed where he lays between Cas' legs.
Bobby comes into the kitchen and ruffles both Sam and Dean’s hair before he sits next to them at the table. Ellen puts a plate down in front of him. “I was gonna get it,” he says, smiling up at her. Bobby’s not soft by any means, but he’s as close to it as he gets when he’s with Ellen. “Just wanted to ask these two squirts how school was,” Bobby says, pinching Sam’s nose after making sure his mouth isn’t full.
Yeah, he could get used to this.
Dean’s just being a huge fucking baby and making Cas deal with him. He has to admit, it feels nice. It feels nice to be touched this way, to be
Cas sits down next to him with his own baked lump of cinnamon and sugar and icing with one of the biggest smiles on his face that Dean has ever seen.
Sam and Jack help him build the pyre, help him carry Cas’ body to rest atop it. Dean tucks his son’s head into the crook of his neck and holds him as Sam lights the fire. Jack’s body shakes as Dean holds him steady, and silent tears fall down his own face. Sam wraps his arms around Dean and his nephew, and Dean leans on his brother. Sammy.
Dean shakes his head. “Nope. No thanks.”
"Yeah, Dean. It's okay." Cas says, and pulls back. Their faces linger too close to each other for too long, and Dean can feel his heartbeat kicking up again. He's sure his entire face goes red when Cas leans in to press a prickly kiss to his cheek.
He sees Dean swallow again, and then watches him dig a zippo out of his pocket. He flicks it open and holds the flame between them, so Cas leans forward to light the joint. It’s not entirely necessary for him to cup his hand around Dean’s where it holds the lighter, but he does it anyways. He leans back once his joint is lit, taking a few long, much needed puffs.
If you were to ask him, Cas wouldn’t tell you that he and Dean are in love. Maybe something like it, something close to it, but not love. Not as it’s supposed to be - wholly selfless, white-hot intensity, and happiness. He loves Dean, and he thinks that at some point, maybe Dean loved him back. Those days are long gone, and now Cas is good for a quick fuck in the dead of night, only when the rest of Chitaqua is as silent as ever, everyone but night patrol asleep in their respective cabins.
There’s no point, right? The only thing that had woken him last time was his son longing for a father he never got to meet. Dean’s not enough, he’s never
Dean nods. He knows Cas is right. “Okay,” he says. “Let’s go.”
that he can’t quite hold himself steady.
Dean blows out a breath through pursed lips and nods. “Yeah, buddy. You look great. You’ll have chicks falling all over you, trust me.”
Mary cuts him off. “Are you not in contact anymore?”
Except he doesn’t. He just wraps his other arm around Dean’s waist and lays his head on Dean’s shoulder, sighing quietly into his sweater. “Thank you for what you said,” he murmurs, “It means more than you’ll ever know.”
He’d been most shocked to realize that he hadn’t lost his ability to tune into ‘angel radio.’ When he got here, he’d figured surely nothing could reach him via prayer. He figures now that maybe outside of Purgatory, nothing can. He never hears any prayers unless they’re from Dean. Surely Sam had prayed to him at one point or another, even if it had only been once. He would’ve heard it if Sam had — he’s never needed sleep, and Purgatory hasn’t changed that, either. He wonders, sometimes, if Dean ever sleeps. If he needs to. How Dean’s doing.
“Here, watch so you know how to get him out next time. I’ll help you buckle him in next time we go somewhere,” Dean says, and he has no idea where Sam went but he sure as shit isn’t here anymore. It’s just him and Cas and the kid, and for a second, Dean can pretend that’s all there is. Just him and Cas and their kid.
The worst of Cas' injuries is a long gash from the top of his left shoulder, down to the middle of his left pec. It's not too deep, but it definitely needs cleaned and bandaged. Dean takes a couple of gauze pads and pours some alcohol on them. He's got one hand resting on Cas' hip, holding onto the flesh there a little tighter than necessary. Come to think of it, his hand doesn't really need to be there at all, but he doesn't care right now. "This is alcohol, sweetheart, it's gonna sting. More than the water did," he says, his voice soft. His eyes flicker up to meet Cas' for a minute, who is just looking down at him and smiling. "You're awful smiley for a guy who just got his shit rocked by some vampires, Cas."
which astonishes him. He knows how expensive this stuff can get, so he smacks a kiss to Andrea’s cheek and throws one arm around Benny’s shoulders. He doesn’t crack it open at the party because really he just wants to get
“Doin’ so good, Cas. I love you so much,” Dean says quietly into the skin of Castiel’s thigh. It makes Cas arch his back off the bed, and let out a string of moans that he’d probably have the sense to be embarrassed about if Dean wasn’t tearing him apart from the inside out.
“Yes. Goodnight, Dean,” Cas says, and he sounds just about as wrecked as Dean had, so he doesn’t feel quite as bad.
Cas shakes his head before the first sentence out of his mouth is even finished. “I can't. It’s not safe for you,” he says, reaching up to thumb across his cheekbone. He jerks his hand back like he’s been burned, probably remembering that Anna is just on the other side of Dean, watching them pretty damn intensely if the hole her eyes are burning in the back of Dean’s head says anything.
he smells bacon, so he figures he probably ought to drag himself out of bed to take more painkillers and eat something that’s (hopefully) super fucking greasy.
It’s a last ditch effort, but he has to try. Jack needs to eat, and he won’t eat anything out of a microwave or anything that Sam cooks.
He feels like a bit of a dick. He knows his mother probably did her best, but everything about this is so
They do make their way out to the living room some time later, long after the sun has gone down. They find Anna sitting in front of a small TV, flipping through channels and eating a bowl of pasta. She seems so
“Of course, Dean. I understand,” Cas says, and Dean sends up a prayer to a God he doesn’t believe in that Cas really fucking
Maybe I shouldn’t have let you play, I don’t know.”
Dean leans in, and Cas meets him halfway. Their lips touch, and Dean is secretly hoping for a total chick flick moment. Butterflies, fireworks, sparks flying, the whole works. What he gets, is much better.
"Goodnight, Dean."
with his eyes, and smirks. He climbs out of the car and into the backseat, sitting on the other side of where Jack sits in the middle.
After that conversation, Dean is yawning. Not because he's bored of Cas, but because he is
There's behind-him Dean again. He's not doing this. Nope. He's not going to look. Nothing is gonna screw this up for him. He has everything he could ever want right here, and he's not interested in it being taken from him. He knows what this is, now, and he's not interested in waking up. He remembers, and it crashes over him like a wave. He doesn't want to. He wills himself not to think about it and stares straight ahead. He doesn't even blink.
think men are hot, he's circled right back around to Cas. Well, so much for getting out of that one.
this is what he was created to do.
Nobody says anything for a few seconds, and Dean feels like they stretch an eternity.
Cas adjusts in Dean’s arms to turn his face toward the only window in the room, and he gasps quietly. “Snow,” he marvels.
“Right,” Dean clears his throat, embarrassed. “Of course, thanks.”
“Thank you for breakfast, Dean. That was sweet of you,” Cas says, and the word ‘sweet’ feels weird in his mouth, but it rolls off like he’s said it a thousand times. He tries to help Dean with the dishes, but his hand is swatted away.
He’s not familiar with the feeling, admittedly. Or rather, he is, he just never knew what to call it before now. This is different than what he felt with Cassie, or with Lisa. It’s just -- bigger.
Since Cas has been gone, there’s been a lot of times where Dean’s been nearly
are all in Hell. He doesn’t have to think about that if he’s distracting Cas from it.
Cas doesn’t say anything else, he just squeezes Dean’s hand and they turn down Cherry Street. Dean spots the house right away, large and black and looking like it’s in need of some serious TLC. It has a certain charm, though, and Dean can certainly believe that a real-life psychic lives here.
She only jumps a little when she hears Dean’s voice. “Dean, Cas!” Mary says, the same smile Dean has seen from her a thousand times crossing across her features. His mother truly is a beautiful woman. He wonders how many times she’s plastered this exact smile on her face just for Dean’s sake. For Sam’s. Regardless, she throws one arm around each of them and smacks a kiss to Dean’s cheek. “How was your trip? You get enough sleep?” she asks, as if everything is fine. As if all of this is normal.
Dean nods.
Cas turns his gaze to Mary, and Dean follows it to see his mother on the verge of tears and wringing her hands.
Maybe
“That remains to be seen,” Dean sighs. “Let’s hit the road.”
He hears Dean's footsteps behind him as he walks just down the hall, and he smiles the whole way. What could be better than this? It's everything he's ever wanted.
fuck with me,” he growls.
After
He doesn't even bother trying to hide his tears, Cas knows him more intimately than anyone else ever had. Cas had literally rebuilt him, body and soul. Even before Cas rebelled for him, he knew Dean. Knew everything about him, really. And Cas' love had been so patient, all these years. Maybe patient isn't the right word. Cas wasn't even waiting on him. He was just holding all his love inside himself, waiting for the right moment to let it all out. Dean wonders if Cas
Sam, Anna, and Brooke have all settled in, with Brooke and Anna squished onto a loveseat, and Sam sitting on the far end of the couch. Dean pulls Cas over, sitting him almost in his lap.
Cas goes back to his pizza, and he even grabs a second slice. Dean grins from ear to ear.
Cas smiles sincerely down at him and nods, “Yes, Dean?”
nice of you, buddy.”
The mirror is already foggy as he steps into the bathroom, and there are still remnants of steam from Cas' shower. Dean sighs as he pulls off his grimy clothes, leaving them in a heap in the corner of the room, where Cas had left his. He turns on the water as hot as it'll go, sticking his hand under the water to check both the pressure and temperature before stepping in. Both are alright.
“Really,” Cas insists, and he pushes Dean’s empty plate out of the way. “I don’t think I can finish them on my own. We can share.”
Charlie nods and does her best to clear the sadness from her face, but it stays, nestled right behind her eyes. “I made you pie!” she says, cheery as ever, grinning with her teeth.
Dean grunts and tries one last time to get comfortable. “No, just… here,” he mumbles, patting the bed next to Cas.
Dean chokes on his burger and stares at Cas incredulously.
“Well, I-” Dean thinks for a second and then turns back around so he’s looking out the windshield. “I guess not,” is all he comes up with.
Dean grabs it, on the off chance that it
Dean holds Castiel’s head in the pocket created by the meeting of his neck and his shoulder. “That’s all I want, Cas. If I can’t have the rest of it, that’s all I ask. Just stay with me,” he whispers.
Cas lets something rip out of his throat, halfway between a sob and a laugh. There in the darkness of Dean’s room, he’s never seen more clearly. “You have me, too. Always.”
Brooke had gone shopping for them yesterday. They hardly had enough to feed Anna and Dean for the next few days, and now, there were two more mouths to feed. Since Brooke knows how to hide herself from angels and humans alike, she agreed she was the best candidate to safely shop and make it back alive. And sure enough, she came back with enough groceries for all four of them for at least the next couple of weeks.
Mary’s smile turns a little sadder, and she nods. Dean thinks that maybe she understands. “I’ll go throw some in the microwave. There’s meatballs, too,” she says, and she wipes her hands on a towel and makes her way into the kitchen.
Jesus. He could cry. He looks up at Cas, cups his face, and laughs. He laughs so hard that eventually, the tears do come. Cas laughs right along with him, his own hands cupping Dean’s cheeks. “I passed!” Dean howls through his laughter, gently shaking Cas’ face. “Dude, I
Cas hums like he’s pleasantly surprised. “I suppose I did forget,” he says. “I’ll be here,” he says, and he shoos Dean with a wave of his hand. He’s an ungrateful little asshole, and Dean loves him so much that he aches with it.
. I know that. I’ve always known that. But you make me better, Cas. You make it easier, and I love you in such a big way. Not like a brother, man, I beat myself up for saying that every damn day. I get that you don’t want me, because I wouldn’t want me either. It’s selfish of me, I know, but I had to tell you. You needed to know.” Dean feels like he can breathe again, with the weight that’s been lifted off his chest. It’ll come right back as soon as they march through that rift and never speak of it again, but for the next minute and a half, he’s
Mary won’t say anything. She’s frozen in place, and honestly a little green. Dean groans in frustration and pushes himself up off the couch, and he storms off down one of the hallways leading out of the living room. This place is pretty big, and he discovers a set of stairs, so he ascends. He can hear footfalls behind him, following him up, but he doesn’t care enough to check who it is.
“I can’t say I planned on it, Dean.”
“Lucifer walks free.”
Dean feels like such a
she says, “It’s just that he has to learn to hold his own if he wants to stick around!” she giggles, and Dean looks to Cas to see him smiling.
Cas sits up and away from Dean and Dean starts to whine before Cas’ hands are on him. Cas is taking off his halo headband, maneuvering the elastic of his stupid fucking wings to take them off. “Even if you don’t feel like it, you’re gonna get cold,” he says. He starts to tug at his hoodie, and he pulls it over his head, knocking the devil horns off in the process.
Dean stands up from the table. As always, Dean is putting the needs of strangers above his own safety. He's made it his life's mission to protect them, and there's no use in being afraid of the dark when he already knows what's out there. He flips the book closed and sighs with his whole body. "Alright. Let's go, then. Meet at the car in ten."
"Very much," Cas gasps when Dean reaches down to wrap his hand around him.
He’s really not exaggerating when he says that the guy stares at him for the entire rest of the class. Dean’s not even entirely confident that he’s blinked at all. If he had to guess, he’d say probably, but it’s a little weird that he hasn’t caught him doing it even
Dean manages to dry it up at that, the tears coming to a slow stop. “Okay,” he says into the dark, still feeling more lost and confused than he has in his whole life.
he could call. He was given explicit permission. He dials the number.
Dean hushes him softly. “Don’t want anyone hearing us, do we?” he asks. He opens his mouth and draws his teeth across the hollow of Castiel’s throat. He doesn’t bite down, it’s just the slow drag of bone against flesh. It sends shivers through Castiel’s entire being, and he bucks up into Dean’s touch. He bites on his bottom lip to keep himself quiet, and his breath comes in short, quick bursts.
“Before Hell?” Dean whispers.
“Soak it in,” Dean says. “If all goes according to plan, you ain’t got much time left.”
Cas nods. “Yes,” he says. “I’ll still be hidden, though. And you’ll be safe, as long as you stay here,” he says. “I shouldn’t even be gone long. I can go now, and be back by morning.”
——————————
He drifts off thinking about himself in the dream world, and how things came so easy to him with Cas.
Get a goddamn grip, Winchester.
Cas stares at him wide-eyed, but doesn't argue.
“Thanks,” Dean says over his shoulder, and then he hears the bathroom door click shut.
“Wait a second,” Dean says, and
“I’ll do what I can. Hurry,” Sam says, and then the line goes dead.
halfway resenting him but still refusing to let any harm come to him, Cas is back. They’re going home together, and it’s all gonna be okay.
He cries until he falls asleep, his face still tucked away and his body still covered by Cas. Even if nothing else can tether him to this plane of existence, surely Cas can keep him grounded as he passes out from the toll that all of his tears have taken on his body.
“Sorry,” Dean says once more, hoarsely. He feels Cas shake his head and hears Cas shush him. “Dunno what happened,” he lies, pulling back. He’s sure he looks like a wreck, but Cas just smiles that same kind, warm smile that he only ever gives Dean and wipes a few stray tears.
chick-flick moments. They made him indescribably uncomfortable, but now… he loves it. He eats that shit up. Like when Cas wakes him up with breakfast in bed, or drags him outside every time it rains just to kiss him stupid like they do in the movies. He loves it. Because it’s Cas.
It’s so precious to Castiel, the way Dean cares for him.
He crumbles.
“Drove,” Brooke says simply, shrugging her shoulders. “Protected my car, hid it. I’m not an idiot. I wasn’t followed.”
Dean’s never liked silence, so he always takes it upon himself to fill it. “What’re you doing for Christmas?” he asks, as nonchalantly as his voice allows him to.
Dean snuggles backwards into him, shuffles closer. He takes Cas’ hand from where it rests on his stomach and clutches it to his chest. Cas lets his fingers curl around Dean’s, and he presses his nose against the side of Dean’s neck. He feels Dean relax, feels him take a deep breath and go completely pliant as he releases it.
Dean shivers above him, and Cas slips a hand beneath his shirt. He’s never been allowed to touch this part of Dean, not since rebuilding his body after Hell. He sighs against Dean’s mouth, and he can’t help but deepen the kiss.
Castiel supposes he’s right. “Yes,” he admits. “But I would like to anyway.” He pauses, and it’s heavy. Dean’s waiting for him to start the conversation. “After.”
“Would you like to have this conversation somewhere else?” Cas deadpans, his fork hitting his plate with a clatter.
Dean’s not good at much, but he’s good at this. He supposes now that he can say he got it from his mother. This innate ability he’s always had to put on a brave face for the sake of others, no matter how terrified he might truly be.
So, Sammy's been gone for a few hours the next time Dean sees Cas. It's around six in the evening, and Dean's still sitting at the kitchen table, becoming increasingly frustrated with his jumbled thoughts. If he can't even make sense of his own feelings, how is he ever supposed to talk to Cas about it? Or be normal when Cas talks about it?
“Don’t exactly have the cash to spare,” Dean retorts, and he turns to the waitress. “We’re all set, sweetheart.”
omg omg omg aaaa only the epilogue left after this!! can you believe it!!! now i know this fic isn't like crazy long, it'll probably just barely go over 30k after the epilogue, but i feel like this is my baby. another massive massive thank you to everyone who encouraged me over the last week and a half as i churned this out. yall are literally life savers, i mean that!
He feels whole. Complete.
Cas shakes his head into the kiss as he reaches his hands upward to tangle in Dean's hair. It's a little longer than it used to be, but - no. That can't be right. It's always been this long. It's always curled a little right at the nape of his neck. Everything is how it always has been as Dean starts to ruck Cas' shirt up, only breaking the kiss to pull it over his head.
“You with me?” Dean asks him, finally releasing Castiel’s softening cock and letting it rest against his leg in the water.
Dean’s still not convinced he didn’t make him up half the time. He’s just — he’s perfect. In every way that matters, Cas is goddamn perfect, and Dean just — he can’t help himself. He takes the clothes from Cas’ hand and puts them up on the counter, and he rests his own hand on Cas’ hip where it juts out just barely. “You drive me crazy,” he says quietly.
Sighing, Brooke lays a hand on his shoulder. “I do, Dean. I want to. You just have to let me.” She rubs up and down the length of his bicep soothingly. Cas had been right — she
"The motel? What's going to help him at the motel?"
Anna reaches a hand up to press two fingers to his temple, and he feels the same trickle down his spine that he had felt when Cas did this to him during a panic attack. When it stops, he turns his face to Cas.
Cas pumps a finger in and out of him at a pace that’s nearly agonizing. It’s just enough to keep the arousal simmering low in his belly, but not nearly enough to get him anywhere closer to the finish line. Usually, he gets impatient during this part, but not this time. This time, he’s going to lay back and admire the man in front of him, wings and all. He spreads his legs a little further, starting to roll his hips down to meet Cas’ thrusts.
"It's Cas, man. He doesn't look so hot. I gave him the anti-venom, but he isn't waking up. He's burning up, man, I don't know what to do." Dean can hear that Sam is frantic.
There’s no use in praying to Cas. He’s gone, and this time, he isn’t coming back. Dean stares at the bottle of whiskey on his nightstand and decides, for the first night in weeks, not to pick it up.
he does. He doesn’t want to leave this place, because that means that soon enough, things are going to start happening. It could get rough.
“Do you think I don’t know that?” Mary asks, and there’s tears in her eyes. “Do you think I don’t care? Do you think it doesn’t make me sick? Don’t you think that if I could put the damn apocalypse on hold for the safety of my sons, that I
Dean wishes more than anything that he could scoop Cas up and carry him around in his pocket. Maybe if he could make Cas smaller, clutch him closer to his own chest, Cas would be safer. He’d be held, and Dean could protect him with his whole being.
They get to Cas' room and Dean takes it upon himself to peel back the covers and slip underneath them. He hold his arms open for Cas with a soft smile on his face. He can't believe he has this, that he's allowed to have this. There's nobody here to tell him that what he feels is wrong. There's just Cas, there's always Cas. Cas who loves him, his best friend Castiel. When Cas crawls under the covers and slots their legs together, Dean hums happily. "Sleepy?" he asks, carding his hand through Cas' hair. It's softer than Dean would've ever imagined.
Cas lays back down and pulls Dean onto his chest, who once again, allows himself to be guided in any direction that Cas leads him. Dean is pliant and warm against his chest, but Cas knows they’ll both get cold shortly. He brings the blankets up to cover their lower halves, and then he cards his fingers through Dean’s hair.
It just reinforces a lesson from long ago that he’d allowed himself to forget, if only for a few seconds. There’s no point in wanting anything. If you want something, you either get it and you lose it, or you never get it in the first place. He’d wanted Cas, still wants him, wants him more right in this moment than he can ever remember wanting anything ever.
thank you so much for reading. thank you so much for taking this journey with me. i know this fic isn't super long but i feel like ive grown a lot as a writer with it. maybe i sound silly but i don't really care. a huge thank you to anyone and everyone who read this or even clicked on it. thank you for all of your comments and your kudos. it seriously fuels me. like, free serotonin.
Brooke nods and Dean stands up from his place on the arm of the couch to head back to their room.
“I’m gonna call him,” Dean says, solemn. He knows that this means they’re about to get one step closer to Cas leaving him. One step closer to being alone again.
This was, decidedly, not fucking
"You're thinking too loud. Shut up and go to sleep," Cas grumbles, burrowing himself deeper into Dean's embrace.
They quickly scurry out of the bathroom and down the hall to their room once they're done brushing their teeth. Cas throws on a pair of Dean's jeans and one of his t-shirts. He pairs it with a flannel that doesn't match at all, but he likes the way the colors look together. Dean wears something similar, but his outfit looks a little more cohesive.
he could do.
“What’re you waiting for, then?” he asks.
“I was.”
“Seeya.”
This is enough to make Castiel finally snap his head up to meet Dean’s eyes. This is it, and he knows it. He’s finally proven himself to be nothing but dead weight in a hunt, and now Dean is going to tell him it’s time for him to start looking for another place to stay. He would be lying if he said he was surprised. He’s known that this day would come since he first stepped foot into the bunker without his grace.
Dean's stomach juts out just barely now, he's developed the smallest love handles, and his thighs are thicker than they once were. It's a natural development of his aging body, but it never ceases to amaze Cas.
"Those noises you make never get old, sweetheart," Dean breathes. He pulls out of Cas and rolls over onto his back, opening his arms for Cas to settle into. Cas does.
Cas hates this. He hates it. He’s seen Dean nearly die. He’s watched Dean torture a soul on the Rack in Hell. He’s watched the Mark of Cain consume him, he’s seen Dean as a demon. He’s held Dean close to his chest and heard him let out the most blood-curdling demonic roar he’s ever heard from a living creature. None of it had been anywhere near as painful as this is.
“Yeah, me too. Anna and I went to see her parents last year, but I don’t think we’re doing that again. It’s supposed to be kinda snowy that whole weekend, so I think we’re all staying in town. Charlie and I talked about throwing together a last-minute Friendsgiving, so that’s probably what we’ll do on Thanksgiving day.”
Dean shrugs. “I had enough, buddy. Don’t worry about me,” he lies. He could certainly eat what’s left of Cas’ pancakes and then some. But they’re almost out of money, tonight is the last night Dean paid for in this motel, and he knows they’re still going to have to fill up on gas to get wherever his dad says they need to be.
she’s coming back.”
He walks up next to Dean and wets his own toothbrush, putting the toothpaste on, and then wetting it again. He sticks it in his mouth and starts brushing.
Cas watches Sam and Rowena leave. He’s alone with Dean again, except Dean’s back to normal, and Cas has no idea what he knows. There’s only one good way to figure it out, he supposes.
Cas just sat with him and reassured him. He let him know that neither of them would ever let that happen, and Dean had just nodded and pressed a teary, snotty kiss to Cas’ cheek. Cas called him gross, and they fell into a fit of teary laughter.
Okay, maybe it wasn't entirely Cas' doing.
Dean’s heart swells. Cas really is worried, bless his heart. He finally texts him back.
“What the fuck does this have to do with—with whatever the
Dean stares up at him in what Cas can only describe is awe. His hands have come to settle on Cas’ hips, and his thumbs are just under the hem of Cas’ t-shirt and just above the elastic of the pants he’s wearing. Cas sits up straight in Dean’s lap and makes a show of stretching out his body as he lifts his shirt over his head. He knows what Dean likes to see, knows how to move his body in ways that will make Dean’s head spin. He’s at an advantage here, but that’s okay.
he's expecting, but it's something. Anything, he thinks. Dean could do anything at all and Cas would feel secure. He'd feel right at home.
Okay, yeah, so
The jacket feels heavy. He feels the weight of it on his shoulders. It feels like coming home. An extremely
He has no idea what the hell is going on, and the only two people in the whole building that he trusts have decided that
“How? I-I mean, Cas, you
(See the end of the chapter for
He puts the clothes down on the counter, “You need help?”
to fit against Cas. To wrap an arm around him, to pull their chests flush together. Everything seems so easy when it comes to Cas.
“You said we could talk,” Castiel notes. He hates himself for it a little bit. If he truly loves Dean, shouldn’t he be happy to take whatever he can get, even if it’s only a few short minutes of closeness? He hates himself for how insatiable he is, for how he always wants more. He can never just be grateful for what he has. He always needs more than Dean can give. He asks for too much.
“I love you,” Cas tells him. “That you’d — trust me with this, Dean, I —” he says, and then he’s whimpering, so soft and so brokenly, and he’s coming across Dean’s hip bone just from grinding against it. Dean’s only regret about the whole ordeal is that most of it washes away the second it’s against his skin. He fists Dean through it, somehow sensing that he’s close again, but he doesn’t slow down this time.
Dean shifts back and forth on his feet. He knows that this isn’t
There’s no sexy way to wash your own ass, but Dean’ll be damned if he doesn’t give it his best shot. He considers turning around and slipping one of his fingers inside, but — he decides against that. Not without actual lube. He’s not really interested in finding out how that feels, so he settles for washing as quickly and thoroughly as he can before reaching between his legs to tug at his dick again.
what you
“Yeah, kiddo. Let’s go. And don’t forget, eyes forward for me.”
Cas laughs and slaps his arm good-naturedly. “Tease,” he complains, but he leans forward to unclog the drain himself. He only winces a little.
Naturally, he texts Cas back first.
He brings both plates over to the table and sits them across from each other. He and Cas sit across from each other and eat their breakfast. Halfway through, Cas kicks Dean's foot to get his attention. Dean's head snaps up from his plate, and he tilts his head. "What's up?" he asks, mouth full of bacon and eggs.
most of it.
Dean's heart is racing too hard for him to immediately fall asleep, so he waits until he's sure that Cas is to whisper, "I love you," so quietly that he's not even sure if he heard himself.
It’s weird to see his mother like this. He always considered his mother’s element to be under the hood of a car, elbow deep in its guts. He never imagined this. She paints sigils onto the ceiling like it’s something she’s been doing her whole life. Dean supposes that maybe, just
there are a lot of you, but just to name a few: shout out to liv, imp, brian, and my entire discord server for helping me make decisions, mess with dialogue, and characterize better. i appreciate every single one of you, so so so much <3
Bobby nods once. “You want me to come over when we lock up and be there when you tell her?” he offers. Dean’s heart swells in his chest. He never knew his father, not really, but he’d be willing to bet anything that Bobby’s a better one than John ever could’ve hoped to have been.
“That sounds sad. Is this a sad story?”
he says. “Dunno about you, but I’m beat.”
When Cas pulls up to the bunker and puts the truck in park, he doesn’t immediately wake Dean.
Dean spent most of his adult life resigned to the fact that he’d die, and probably go straight back to hell. That’s something he’d expected sooner rather than later, and he was fine with it. He made his peace long ago with dying young and bloody. Now, he can’t think of a worse fate for himself, but mostly for Cas.
Dean says. “I was — somewhere. I don’t know, it’s — it’s goin’ foggy on me, now. I know I was — torturing someone, though.” It’s harder to say it out loud than he thought.
Dean grabs one off the shelf above the toilet and places it in Cas' hand. A couple of seconds later, the curtain opens and Dean's breath gets caught in his throat. "Hey. Um. Let me.... fuck, let me grab you some clothes, okay? Be right back. Sit," he says, putting a hand on Cas' shoulder to sit him down on the toilet again. Cas' face flushes for another unknown reason, but Dean's sure his own flush matches Cas' right now, so he shuts up.
"Thank you for breakfast," Cas smiles, rubbing his bare foot against Dean's ankle.
“Would you like to talk about it?” Cas offers, but Dean shakes his head and rubs at his shoulder where he can still feel some sort of phantom pain.
It’s been two weeks, and Cas hasn’t come back.
Dean leans over with shaky hands to open the bedside table drawer and pull out a small bottle. He’s still shaking. Cas curls both hands around the bottle and around Dean’s hand. “You okay?” he asks gently. He’s sure Dean’s fine, but he needs to ask anyway. He needs Dean to know that he’s going to be well taken care of.
“Good call, buddy,” Dean says, and then he cranks the radio. They sing along to some song by Lady Gaga or maybe Beyoncé, Dean’s not sure. Cas makes him listen to this shit, and he loves to complain about it, but really, it’s not half bad. It’s not bad at all. He’s not ever going to tell Cas, but he even kinda likes it.
He’s tugging his pants down his legs right as Cas walks in holding a glass of water. Dean’s pretty sure he almost drops it. “Oh. Um, sorry, Dean,” he says quietly, turning his back but not walking out of the room.
the last time he lost Cas, but at least that time, he’d had someone else to put the blame on. It was misplaced blame, admittedly, but it was someone other than himself. This is something he’s going to beat himself up over for the rest of his life.
pulled me out of Hell. The rest of it… I can feel it slipping. Apparently, I’ve stopped the apocalypse—more than once! But this is how I die? And I can’t even die remembering when I fell in love with you? Or if you love me back?”
and she digs into her breakfast. “This is awesome, Cas,” she says, with her mouth full.
beautiful. Body and soul. He should be allowed to voice it.
as always lemme know what u thought besties
Cas laughs into his mouth, then.
Dean grunts in appreciation and lifts his head as Cas sits down in front of him. He takes a bite out of his sandwich, and musters as much of a smile as he can with his mouth full of meat, cheese, and veggies. "Mornin, Cas," he says around his food, which earns him a smile out of the ex-angel.
Cas breathes out a sigh of relief. “I’ve never loved Charlie more than I do right now,” he says, and he reaches around Dean to adjust his wings. “They were crooked,” he offers.
right now. He needs to make himself useful, he needs to help.
because he
Smiling softly,
Cas. Probably something cheesy, something meaningless. Oh well. He’s still got time to figure it out.
“I can see that,” Dean replies. “What’d ya bring me? How’d ya pay for it?” he asks.
Castiel nods. He doubts that even the force of his Father’s will could drag him away from Dean. “I love you,” he admits quietly, to the fabric of Dean’s robe. He pinches it between his fingers. He isn’t waiting for a response, because he doesn’t think he’s going to get one. Those aren’t words he’s ever heard Dean say to anyone, not even to his brother. They don’t come easy to him, not in a familial sense, and certainly not in a romantic one. Castiel knows this, knows
— there will probably be bruises from where Cas’ hands press him down.
, Christ, he’s fucking standing in it.
Cas bends down to kiss him. “I love you,” he says.
“Cas, I-I can’t, baby, I’m close, you gotta… you gotta pull off, sweetheart,” Dean whimpers, his hips jerking up into Cas’ mouth of their own accord. Cas pulls his hands out of Dean’s grip in order to hold him down against the mattress by his hips. Dean thinks — hopes, God, he
“You and me… we’ve done this before, haven’t we?” Dean asks, palming himself as he speaks, his eyes still trained on Cas’ body.
“Yeah,” Dean answers instantly, softly, under his breath. It hits him like a punch to the gut, but -- yes. Cas could have him. Cas could have him in any way he wanted. All of them. He could pick and choose what ways he wanted Dean, and Dean would just let him. He’d give Cas as much or as little as he wanted, and he’d be happy with all of it. And if that ain’t love, Dean doesn’t know what is.
make a guy feel small. Dean feels a pang in his chest and he wants nothing more than to wrap Cas in his arms and keep him safe, protect him from anything and everything that could ever bring him harm. Which was basically everything, now.
Cas nods. “Not only did we find it, Dean, we
He finally takes note of his surroundings, noticing that the walls of every room in this place except for his bedroom are covered in all sorts of symbols. Things he’s never seen in his life, and a couple of things that he’s caught glimpses of beneath rugs and under paintings in his home growing up. All it does is serve to make everything seem all that much more real.
He’d probably be worried if he hadn’t heard his mom’s voice over the phone in the background, but he heard her loud and clear. “I’m guessing things are about to get pretty damn hairy,” Dean huffs, running his fingers through his hair. God dammit.
“Busy? Busy with what?”
Dean huffs, “Easy for you to say,” he says, rubbing a hand over his mouth. “Fuck, Cas. Fuck,” he whispers, putting his head in his hands. He doesn’t refresh it for a good five minutes, and when he does, his grades are up.
Dean gingerly places the plates in the sink before he grabs a smaller one to have a slice of pie before he gets started on the dishes. He cuts himself a slice, rinses his fork off, and moans when he shoves it into his mouth. “Jesus, Cas. How do you do it?” he asks, around a mouthful of cherry filling and buttery, crumbly crust. If he didn’t know better, he’d think Cas probably bought it from the store. But he does know better, knows that Cas is so careful and kind and thoughtful with everything else he does, and that this isn’t any different. Cas shows his love in all sorts of weird little ways, but store-bought pie isn’t one of them.
I suppose that would make sense.”
He doesn’t even bother throwing on pants to run down the hall and knock on Anna’s door. She opens it pretty fast, and tilts her head. “Shouldn’t you be asleep?” she asks.
And it's this train of thought that leads him to thinking about Cas in a more general sense. His head bounces from one thought to the next. How he looks, how he smells, how he speaks. How he carries himself. How is tie is always a little crooked and his jacket always a little wrinkled. He closes his eyes and he can see Cas' face as clear as day in his mind's eye. He can see his jawline, his always-messy hair, his slightly grown-out stubble, and his eyes. God, his eyes. Dean can zoom in on them in his mind, and he does. The last thought he has before he drifts off to sleep is that he feels like he could drown in those shades of deep blue. He dreams of the ocean, deep and vast.
Cas' lips part for him so easily, and they're just fully making out on the floor of the bunker. Dean's hands are cradling Cas' face so gently, like he's afraid he might break him. The kiss reflects this touch. It's open, honest, and not at all rushed.
Dean’s up in his room rummaging around for where he’s hidden Cas’ Christmas gifts. He grins when he finds them hidden under piles of boxers and socks in the top drawer of his dresser, the wrapping paper rattling when he pushes down. He pulls them out and starts to walk back down the stairs when he hears the unmistakable rumble of Cas’ voice when he’s trying to be quiet.
Cas sits back on his heels. First, he breathes. For just a moment, he breathes. Dean’s safe. He’s safe.
Might as well ask. “Can you, like, read my mind, or something?” he asks. “There have been times, man… where I swear you were.”
Dean’s been sober for a little over four years. They had gotten Jack just a couple of weeks after his first birthday, it turns out there are a lot of hoops to jump through with gay adoption in Kansas. It used to make Dean mad, but he’s since gotten over it. At the end of the day, they have Jack, and that’s what led Dean to get sober in the first place.
hehe enjoy another dean chapter! im aware my writing from dean's pov is waaaaay stronger. its the deancoding i apologize
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas laughs at him and grabs him a towel. He holds it out to him, smiling right back at Dean. "That is generally how showers work, yes," he quips.
Well, who’s Dean to say no to that? Moments later, he’s coming, spilling into Cas’ mouth, down his
They pull up to the party and Cas has a little trouble parking her, so Dean does that part for him. “Sorry,” Cas says sheepishly, but Dean waves a hand.
"I missed it," is all Cas offers in response, his mouth full. Dean thinks to himself that he's been a bad influence, and he's got Cas talking with his mouth full now. He doesn't really care, actually. It makes him smile that Cas has picked up some of his habits, but he tucks
“We appreciate it,” Dean says, and he flashes her his flirtiest smile. He hands her a ten dollar bill and a twenty, and he tells her to keep the change. She smiles, and she goes so far as to kiss his cheek. He finds her number on the bottom of his receipt when he looks at it in the car, and he crumples it up and tosses it in the backseat. “Won’t be needing
Truth be told, Castiel wouldn’t have known one way or another if Dean made his tea with the kettle or if he just popped the mug of water into the microwave and let the tea steep. There’s no way he would’ve been able to tell. But because Dean knows he likes using the kettle, Dean used the kettle.
Cas smiles back at him, and it's a shy, sheepish thing. “We had an appointment,” he says.
Cas sighs and sinks down onto the air mattress. “Can you— can you just trust me when I say I can’t tell you yet? That you’ll know soon enough?” he asks.
“Where did what go, Dean?” Cas shoots back, frowning as he looks down at his body.
It couldn’t be any more different.
“You—are you sure? You don’t have to,” Cas says, but he’s rolling his hips down into Dean’s, and he sounds a little breathless. Almost like he’s seconds away from coming already.
Great way to start Friendsgiving, Dean, by lying through your teeth to one of your best friends.
"Yes, Dean. Please, I want it," Cas whimpers, and Dean is
Sure enough, there’s Anna doing shots with Meg. He breathes out a sigh of relief and walks up to her, wrapping his arms around her waist. “You don’t just wander off from your friends at a fuckin’ frat party, Anna,” he says into her neck, pulling her close. He pulls back and tucks her hair behind her ear, sighing. “Now, pour me a shot.”
“I had an idea,” Jack says quietly. “What if…” he starts, “What if I just… go to the Empty and get him?” he says, like it’s just that simple, like it doesn't mean anything.
Cas takes the glass back and puts it down on the nightstand again. “You should rest, Dean,” he says, pressing a kiss to his head. Dean gets situated, lying down and situating his pillows. He covers himself with the blanket and pulls it back so Cas can get underneath it too.
which he hates. He did that. It’s his fault. No wonder Cas wants to leave. “Is that what you think?” Cas asks. “You think I
But he’s Dean Winchester, and he’s the king of shoving his shit so deep down inside himself that it’ll never claw its way to the surface. At least until now. Now it’s all boiling over, all at once. His thoughts about Cas have gone from a trickling creek to a full-on tsunami in less than an hour. What the fuck is he supposed to do with it?
"It's a classic!" Dean yells over his shoulder, making his way into the kitchen. He grabs a random bottle of whiskey and holds it by the neck as he walks back to the Dean-Cave.
“You don’t know the half of it,” Cas teases.
He pads down the stairs and into the kitchen, and he stands at the doorway. He watches as Cas and Missouri make the second batch of whatever’s in the oven right now, and it only takes him a few seconds to realize that they’re making cinnamon rolls. His heart grows about ten sizes, he thinks. There’s a pang in his chest. If he could keep any memory from this time with Cas, he knows now that he’d choose this one. Cas, standing in Missouri’s kitchen covered in flour and whispering things to her that aren’t for his own ears. Snow falling outside, the smell of sugar and cinnamon filling his nostrils. Cas turns to the side, and Dean can see that gummy grin he’s grown so damn fond of, and Cas must see him out of the corner of his eye, because he does a double take and his grin gets impossibly wider. “Good morning,” he says, and he holds up the ball of dough in his hands. “Missouri is teaching me to make cinnamon rolls. The first batch is a little misshapen, but I’ve been assured they’ll taste just fine.”
“I’m sorry, Dean. I know you never wanted this. You didn’t ask for this. Sam can’t have gotten far, really. And if he has, you can just take the truck, it’s all fine, I’ll figure something out, dont wo— just— let me—” Cas rambles and stutters, and he starts to fumble for his phone again to call Sam and let him know that Dean has changed his mind, he does want to drive the Impala back to the bunker after all, but—
like Cas.
Dean takes the room key and heads off in the direction of the room they booked. He steps inside and lets his bag hit the floor with a heavy
Cas smiles and shakes a brown paper bag at him. “You forgot your lunch again. I know you usually just go hungry, but I thought you might like some company and a fresh sandwich.” He beams. God, he’s beautiful. Dean still wonders every day how the hell he got lucky enough for Cas to decide to stick with him.
Dean nods furiously and claws at Cas' hips. He dips his fingers into the waistband of his boxers and surges forward, pressing his lips to Cas'. "Please, just stop talking. I hear you," he breathes, kissing him for a moment longer before whispering, "I hear you," once more.
He doesn’t, and he won’t, but he wants to.
like that, she’s never been super assertive, but he gets the idea. She’s not fucking around.
Cas blushes and swats his shoulder, but he’s grinning so wide that Dean’s a little worried his face might crack. He holds out his hand so that Dean can slip the ring on, and he watches as it sinks onto his left ring finger. He wiggles his fingers around once the ring is on, and then he smiles down at Dean. All at once, anything and everything innocent is gone from his face and he’s dragging Dean up off the ground and hauling him down the beach to where the trail that leads to their cabin is.
most likely unnecessary is the way he wraps the arm that isn’t holding the bottle around Cas, resting it on top of the table but still rubbing circles into his back. He leans even further into Cas’s space to put the bottle in the baby’s mouth, showing Cas the right angle to hold it at.
He knows that Brooke saved Cas. He gets that. But with Cas bloodied up in the next room, he’s not feeling especially trustworthy at
interested in his french toast, apparently. Dean watches him pick up a syrup-drenched raspberry and pop it into his mouth, licking his fingers afterward with a soft smile on his face. At least he’s enjoying something.
Claire has a home here, with them. She’s been part of the family since the day she walked through their door, as far as Dean’s concerned. All the papers in her hands do is make it legally official.
That isn’t funny.”
Garth groans, and Dean laughs. Garth hates telling people his major, and they all know it. “Business,” Garth says reluctantly. “I know. I
hard to look angry.
“That was lovely, Cas. We’re thankful to have you, too,” she says. “I’m also
Dean’s face flushes under Cas’ gaze, as if he wasn’t just inside Cas a couple minutes ago. It just makes Cas smile bigger as he watches Dean wipe his hand on an already-dirty shirt and throw his robe on. He leaves the room for a couple of minutes, and comes back with a warm rag and a glass of water for them to share. He puts the water down on the nightstand and wipes his hand and chest off a little better, letting the robe hang open.
it's nice. How did he never notice before?
The next nine hours pass agonizingly slowly, with Dean checking his phone somewhere close to every five minutes, even though he only made Cas promise to check in once every hour. That’s exactly what he does.
He sits on the arm of the couch, angling his body toward the two of them. “Okay,” he says. He takes a deep breath. “What the hell happened to him?”
“Well, you know where I’ll be, then,” Cas says, turning to walk away from Dean once more. Dean lets him go this time, and Cas walks past Sam in the library on his way to Dean’s - their - room. He pushes the door open and laughs at himself, thinking back to how he’d fallen out of bed. Why had he been so shocked? He can’t remember now. This is their room, of course it’s where he’d wake up.
Dean presses kisses into Cas’ thighs on either side of his head as he starts pumping his finger. Cas’ breathing picks up, and he still doesn’t take his eyes off of Dean’s. “You look — shit, Cas, you look so good like this,” Dean says, and he lets out a breathy chuckle when he does. “More?” he asks, pulling his finger out to press another against him, without pressing back inside yet.
painful to hear Dean say he loves Castiel while his fingers are buried as deep as he can get them. “Love you so much, Cas. I’m gonna take real good care of you,” he says, and Castiel gets the impression that he isn’t just talking about the sex. None of this is about the sex. This is about closeness, intimacy. He never assumed Dean to be the type, but then again, Dean doesn’t ever stick around long enough to truly allow himself to be intimate with anyone.
Cas drops a kiss to the top of his head. “We kissed during the game of spin the bottle. You… went outside to sulk, and I followed you—“
and now we’re
“Oh, please. Spare me, Dean. You think I don’t know what’s happening tomorrow night? It’s a suicide mission. I know it, and you know it, so don’t pretend like you don’t.” The whole time Cas speaks. He’s cradling Dean’s head to his chest and whispering. Dean never stirs in his arms.
again and all should be well,” he says. Cas gives him a smile at that, and Dean feels more than a little proud.
He shakes his head and tilts it over onto Cas’ shoulder. “No. Like sittin’ out here with you. ‘S too hot in there. Nice ‘nd cold out here.”
jacked. He explains how fabric ddrapery in sculpture was essentially perfected during this era, and Dean listens. Dean hangs on his every word, and it’s not like it’s hard by any means. Cas’ voice makes his stomach try to turn itself inside out in a way he’s not sure he’s ever felt. Somehow, it’s a lot easier to listen to the words come out of Cas’ mouth as opposed to the professor. What little he does remember, he can hear Cas spouting it back, nearly verbatim.
Dean nods. He swallows. “Me too,” he says quietly, and they fall back into a comfortable silence with Cas’ hand in Dean’s hair, and Dean’s arm resting gently across his waist.
“And your father?” Cas asks, obviously unaware. Dean’s sure he even referred to Bobby as his dad once, so there’s no reason for Cas to think his dad’s dead.
Dean nods and kisses the top of his mom’s head. He pulls back from her and looks around at everyone else. Anna looks pretty normal, but she’s probably used to all of the angelic bullshit. Brooke’s glued to Anna’s side, it seems like she’s probably latched on. Sammy looks like he’s just seen a ghost, curled up on the couch and staring at Dean with watery eyes.
Until then, he’s got Sam and his mom, Bobby and Ellen, Charlie and Garth. He’s got Cas.
Cas nods furiously, “Of course it is. I would be more worried if you weren’t.”
Dean’s lips are a work of art in and of themselves. Even without the rest of his features, Castiel is sure he could wax poetic about them for days. And yet, there’s so much more of him. It’s no surprise to Castiel, his feelings for Dean. He had taken a while to realize what they were — his angelic nature had always been to do anything
Dean swallows. He opens his mouth to talk, but he can’t get any words to come out. He just does what he can, and he moves his fingers to thread between Cas’ without breaking eye contact. He squeezes three times in a row. He’s not sure if Cas will get it, if Cas will understand. He prays to anyone who might be listening that somehow, he’ll get it.
Dean throws on an old pair of cutoff shorts and a torn up old t-shirt, handing Cas a similar outfit from his wardrobe. They'll wanna be wearing clothes that won't weigh them down when they inevitably soak each other and themselves with water while washing Baby. Dean looks at Cas from across the room and smirks.
Dean doesn’t know what to say to that. Could Cas have him? Sure. Yeah, definitely. The bigger question, though, is
After a minute of Dean not saying anything, Charlie speaks up again. “We have stuff. Stuff that we’re pretty damn sure is gonna be helpful. You just have to trust us until — get there. I gotta go, bad ser—“
so it doesn’t land quite like he wants it to.
He’s still astonished by how much he means it.
didn’t think you’d ever use it again,” he says sadly, but he lays Jack on top of the changing table anyways.
For right now, he’s got Cas. He’s got Cas sitting next to him with a hand on his thigh, rubbing slow circles over the denim. “I love you,” Cas says quietly. “That’s not going to stop. Not even if Anna never comes back.”
"Dean. No." Cas' voice has a sharp bite, and it stings more than Dean wants to admit to even himself.
Cas smiles at Garth, and Dean’s filled with a new sort of warmth. He’s not related to any of these people, not by blood, but they’re all family. They’re family in a bigger way than he’d realized before, and Cas is included in that, too. He loves all of these people. They’re his best friends, the people he’s seen almost every day of the last three and a half years. Cas is still thinking on what to say, it seems, so Dean presses his palm to Cas’ knee and squeezes, offering him a warm smile.
Dean thinks to himself that Cas has looked at him like that a thousand times. However, it holds a different weight now. Dean always thought Cas never really understood that you don’t just stare at other guys like this. But now, he realizes that Cas doesn’t do this to anyone else. He doesn’t look at Sam like this, but Dean’s caught him gazing at him with this exact expression on his face countless times. “How do you know that?” he asks, once his brain has caught up. He adjusts Jack in his arms so his cheek is resting against the cloth, and he starts patting his back.
What comes out instead is, "You don't have to stop."
“Woah, buddy! Okay, hey, I’m sorry,” Dean laughs, “I know who you are. I’m okay, Cas, really.” He’s beaming, and Cas allows himself to drop his head to Dean’s chest for a moment. He doesn’t remember the last time he felt relief this intense.
She nods. “I know. I know. I don’t know how to say it. He didn’t tell you about me. He probably didn’t think it was his place, and I guess he’d be correct. But it’s easier that way. Easier if I don’t have to look my best friend in the face and tell him I’m not who he thinks I am,” she says. She doesn’t meet his eyes once.
like this, and he’s sure he never will again. Not until Cas saves him, that is. But he’s — he’s not going to remember this for at least a decade. In a few short days — weeks, if he’s lucky — it’ll all be wiped. He has to tell Cas
"You do," Cas says, and it's this sad, broken whisper that cracks Dean's ribcage wide open. He squeezes Cas' hand, because he can't do nothing, but he can't do
him, but still.
Dean starts the car and lets her run for a few minutes. He kicks on the heat, rubs his hands together in hopes that the friction will help them warm up faster. It’s not very effective, so he blows warm breath into his cupped hands, shivering. “Here,” Cas says, holding out his hands. Warily, Dean takes them. Holy
in it.
“What are you doing?” Cas asks him, and Dean turns to look at him.
Cas kisses him how he used to kiss him, how he knows Dean likes to be kissed. Cas knows how to take Dean apart with nothing but his lips and teeth, knows how to get him pleading for more, and how to make him feel good. He knows. He used to do it nearly every day for a year, before Dean stopped allowing him to.
All of that had been a mask, a front. It had been an attempt to hide who she used to be, what she used to do. The pieces of the puzzle are slotting together in his mind. He doesn’t have the whole picture, not yet, not quite, but nearly.
got back.
let that happen to you,” he whispers. He leans down to press their chests together and push Dean back so he’s laying flat on the bed again. The tips of his wings rest against the hardwood floors. “This is as close as I can get. It still doesn’t compare to the beauty of what’s inside of you, but I hope it’ll suffice.”
Cas tightens his hold on his face. “You are so much
Cas all but tackles him into the sand.
much fun to watch when he does.
“Yeah, kid. Hey.”
So, he comes to the meadow. He waters the flowers. He talks to his dead husband.
He nods again. What else can he say? There’s nothing to say. Everything about this is completely and utterly insane. “Okay,” he says. “Alright. What do we do?” he asks.
“No,” Missouri answers simply. “You know, Dean, it’s rude to leave your friends in the cold. Why don’t you wave him over here, and I’ll let you both out of the cold,” she winks. Dean decides right then and there that he does
Dean’s breath hitches and he moves from holding Cas’ wrists to holding onto his fingertips.
“Other door, Dean,” Cas supplies, pointing across the room.
Castiel recognizes that this, once again, is something that Dean isn’t going to go through with until he has explicit verbal permission. It makes Castiel’s heart swell up inside of his chest, so much that he wonders if it’s beating against the sides of his ribcage. “I will,” he says. “I promise.”
writing this story has helped me in a lot of ways. i know it isn't anything crazy special. i know it's not profound, i know im not a magician with words. but i do feel like ive grown, in a way, and that's very encouraging. im definitely going to keep going, even though there were a lot of points during the writing of this fic that i wanted to give up.
They’re running late, because of course they are. It’s half past noon by the time they make it out the door and down to the car. The drive to Charlie’s place is entirely uneventful, but Dean sees an unfamiliar car parked outside. He frowns. “Any idea who drives that?” he asks, pointing a finger.
“Pretty?” Castiel asks, and he bats his eyelashes. This earns him the lightest swat on the arm possible, and he beams. “You’re pretty, too,” he says earnestly. “Beautiful.”
He’s grown more or less accustomed to his human body over the last year. He knows all of it’s necessary functions, and he’s also finally used to the sensation of urinating. He doesn’t particularly care for it, but it doesn’t baffle him the way it used to.
Jack just leans in closer to Dean and wraps his own arms around him. “You didn’t, Dean. I promise,” he says. “Castiel made a deal with the Empty in order to save my life. It said it would take him when he had a moment of true happiness,” he admits quietly, shamefully, like he’s been keeping it a secret.
Cas effortlessly rolls them so that Dean is on top of him, and Dean lets out an embarrassing squeak in surprise. “Gonna use some of that angel strength to throw me around a little, Cas?” he breathes, and goes right back to kissing him.
After ten seconds or maybe an entire hour, Cas pulls back with hooded eyelids he’s panting. “Like that?” he breathes.
“Will you—” Dean pauses, lowering himself onto one of the beds. He pats the spot next to him and leans against the headboard, “—come tell me about rescuing me from Hell again?” he finishes, looking up to meet Cas’ eyes.
Even when Cas comes over to study, he never quite relaxes where he sits on the couch. He always looks a little stiff. Dean would give anything to get his hands on the guy. Surely he’d loosen up a little at that.
“I love you, Cas,” he continues, and it’s even easier to say the second time. “I love you so much that I’m not sure what the fuck to do with it. I know I don’t deserve you, after everything I’ve put you though. I know you don’t want me back, man — who would? I know I’m angry, and selfish, and hotheaded, and just generally a
too close for the real thing. He tries not to gag as he takes it from Cas’ hands. As bad as it smells, it’s a fucking miracle. They need this, and they got it.
