“Same shit,” she says with a shrug, taking another sip of her drink. “Hey, what’ve you got third period, right before lunch?”
Once they’re through the checkpoint, they drive down a ridiculous maze of lanes overstuffed with people, some darting out from between parked cars like they have a death wish, and others standing around, completely oblivious to everything going on around them.
. “So, uh, why don’t you tell me what your normal eating habits are like, and we can start from there.”
All eyes in the room immediately dart to Dean and Alastair, who have just learned their fate as recipients of a two-on-one date. Alastair’s face clouds over almost immediately: two-on-ones are notorious for being especially cutthroat and brutal. Two lovesick contestants (who are also usually at odds with each other) are chosen to go head-to-head in a date with the bachelor or bachelorette; one will win the date, and the other will be sent home immediately.
,” Cas says, in an effort to get the conversation back on track, “is that no matter how charming or perfect he might seem, Dean Winchester is a con man, a raging asshole who doesn’t care about anybody but himself.”
There are several photos of him with friends, drinking together, at shows, lounging around a particularly nice living room. They're all colorful and vibrant, but the one Cas finds himself pausing at is in black and white.
. Just because Dean can’t see him, doesn’t mean that he can’t tell Castiel is practically ogling him. “Are you, uh, good?” he stammers, grasping desperately for an excuse. “Need water or anything?”
“Whether or not Charlie’s ready to get his hands on a new platinum single,” Dean finishes. He mirrors her stance, leaning against the opposite jab with his arms crossed over his chest. She matches him toe-to-toe, so long that Dean actually starts to wonder if she’ll let them in at all, when she finally cracks a smile.
Sam rolls his eyes. “It’s part of his whole ‘how dare you think I need help’ routine. And it’s also just him being an asshole.” Dean’s smile widens, and Sam flips him off. Sam turns back to Cas and gives him an apologetic smile. “Just ignore him. He’ll get bored once he doesn’t get a reaction anymore.”
He and Cas are on their feet, clapping and cheering as the cast members take their bows onstage, and as much as he tries to blink back those stupid goddamn tears, a couple still manage to sneak out and down his cheeks. He can feel himself shaking his head slowly in disbelief, taking a quick break from clapping to wipe away a rogue tear with the palm of his hand.
“I, uh…” Dean trails off, suddenly feeling like a self-conscious middle schooler facing his first kiss. He wants to ask what Cas thinks, if
“She’s a beauty, huh?” Dean says, grinning over his shoulder at the camera operator in the Impala’s backseat. “Used to be my old man’s, then I got it when...” Dean clears his throat uncomfortably at that, but pushes past the silence threatening to overwhelm the scene. “Uh, yeah.”
Dean gets to his feet and follows, taking in Castiel’s lean body, one he knows for sure that he wouldn’t have if he worked in a place like this. “Had some of that bisc--
It takes the passing of three packed trains to convince Cas that it won’t kill him to walk the two miles back to his apartment once they’ve finished recording, and he’s heading up the steps toward the street when his phone buzzes in his pocket.
“And bleed out when he actually does hurt himself, but we just think he’s faking it,” Cas mutters, and Sam laughs.
“Holy hell,” he breathes. He’s positive Sam heard him, but is just too stunned to react. Dean reckons he’d be the same, seeing the love of his life for the first time in damn near a year, getting ready to defend him in a court of law. It’s a thing of beauty.
Benny laughs. “Y’re shittin’ me.” He shakes his head, still grinning as he cracks open another beer. “They’ll try to sell us on anything these days.”
Billie holds out her hand for a fist bump, which Dean gladly reciprocates. “Speaking of getting laid,” she says, leaning back in her chair, “
Cas grins at him, but before he can say anything else, the crowds around them erupt in cheers and screams. Dean looks up and cranes his neck to see Lin standing on the steps in front of the Rodgers, waving frantically with a microphone in hand, trying to get everyone’s attention. He says something into the mic that makes everyone laugh, but Dean and Cas are too far back to hear anything but static and muffled words. He’s got a decent view if he peeks over the shoulder of the goddamn giant in front of him (and as long as the blonde in front of Gigantor doesn’t shift at all), and folds his arms over his chest, ready to see what Lin’s got in store for them today.
“Well, aren’t you two just the epitome of a Hallmark wedding card,” Dean says as he plops down next to Jess on the couch.
“Dean,” he shouts above the cheers and music and yelling. “Dean! I can see the finish line. We’re almost there.”
Cas starts just a little at being addressed, but gets to his feet without any sort of preamble. Dean’s struck by his reaction, or lack thereof—that he doesn’t seem panicked or scared, just...resigned as he steps between the two of them. Accepting of whatever the hell’s coming for him—which, if this
Charlie frowns, then leans forward and waves her hand in front of the screen. “Why the long face? You been reading the comments section again?”
“Let me return the favor,” Dean says, grinning at Cas, who kisses him long and hard. He pulls himself out of Dean’s grip and hops up into the bed, keeping his eyes on Dean the whole time.
“He’s here to run with you, Dean,” Sam interrupts, and both Castiel and Dean turn toward Sam, surprised by his bluntness. Dean’s the one who speaks first.
The room goes silent at that, and everyone’s attention pivots back toward Dean and Alastair. Benny clears his throat uncomfortably, and Victor pulls at his necktie.
cool—glued down in the middle with a hastily sketched hand holding it up, and the other’s a sketch of Dean himself, sitting at a table with a beer in front of him. He’s got one hand resting on his knee while the other is holding up exactly 25 UNO cards, his face looking more or less exactly how he feels right now.
Dean’s halfway through a comic book when Cas drops the magazine on his lap; his boyfriend looks up at him in surprise and a bit of confusion as Cas sits down across from him.
Dean had been exactly the snarky asshole Cas had been expecting, but he’d be lying if he said he hadn’t also noticed that Dean was kind. To the host, their waitress, the girls who asked him for a picture, and, if Cas is being honest, himself.
When he finally goes off enough for Ruby to kick him out, they all erupt in cheers and whoops. Hannah has just enough time to cover Bagel’s eyes before Cas throws double middle fingers at the screen as Harry heads toward the exit.
He changes quickly, pulls on his coat, and adds his scarf, gloves, and hat as he walks down the hall. The door to Dean’s room is open, and Dean is sprawled on his stomach on his bed, typing something furiously on his laptop. Cas knocks and Dean’s head immediately jerks up. He takes in Cas’ bundled figure and smirks.
“You’re drunk, Sammy,” Dean says with a grin that he hopes is smug. He hopes it doesn’t betray the fact that he had noticed Castiel always looking at him, too, and that Dean had tried more than once during the tasting to catch the baker’s eye. In reality, Dean couldn’t care less whether Sam and Jess picked chocolate creme or a light raspberry icing for their cake; he had more pressing concerns, like trying to figure out the exact shade of blue Castiel’s eyes were.
“Your new favorite comic,” he tells the girl, who looks at him hesitantly. “This has it all,” he says, rapping on the cover with his knuckles. “There’s mysteries and friendship and funny stuff and adventures…” He trails off when he notices that the girl doesn’t seem very impressed, then remembers another part of the story. “And three-eyed foxes,” he adds, and damn if
a sack of money in the car. No way we’re not gonna…” He spins on his heel to continue chewing Cas out for his sudden goody-two-shoes attitude when his eyes trail down to Cas’ hands—
. Didn’t matter, though; they’d been a good match, so good that Dean had been able to practically hear the wedding bells the second his little brother laid eyes on her. He hadn’t been wrong either—before getting thrown in Joliet, Sam had started planning a fancy proposal for her near the bandstand in Lawrence center, complete with flowers, a gleaming diamond ring, and even a banjo player to soundtrack the whole thing.
He likes it when it helps him to see little glimpses of beauty out in the world that usually go unseen and under-appreciated by everyone else, like the dad covered in tattoos dancing his heart out to “Let it Go” with his young daughter on the main deck.
It’s said casually enough, but with the way Cas is talking, Dean can’t tell how Cas hopes he’ll respond. Finally, he smirks down into the fire before jerking his thumb back toward his own chest. “You’re looking at him. Really, though. I’m just the wingman, help Sammy get back to his girl and all. ‘S just an added bonus to get out myself. Don’t like to stay stuck in one place for too long, you know?”
Which is how they’re both curled up on the couch together, beers at the ready and English muffin pizzas in plates on their laps, waiting for their Zoom room to go live.
The crinkles around Dean’s eyes are back in full force at that. He sets his own empty plate on the coffee table--just barely missing Cas’ feet, but Cas decides not to comment--before closing up what little space was left between them and slinging an arm across Cas’ shoulders.
When Dean looks up, startled, Lisa’s posture and style has taken a complete 180. Everything seems darker, and suddenly, her earlier question of, “So, how does this go?” makes much more sense.
Cas begins searching through the supplies, digging around until he finds cotton, alcohol, and a few bandages. He’s got the entirety of Hannah’s tent memorized, he’s been in there so many times, but he doesn’t rush; instead, he lets his fingers run over the cool instruments used for more intense wounds, maybe even for surgeries--scissors, tweezers, knives, scalpels. He knows that they come as part of the package with being a medic, but at the same time, he hopes that he never has to use them.
Dean clears his throat in an attempt to hide his discomfort; Cas can feel his co-hosts’ eyes boring holes into him.
As much as Dean hates to admit when his brother’s right, he knows Sam’s onto something. They’d buried Cas’ jumpsuit out in the woods, leaving him with nothing but an undershirt and a pair of plain, threadbare trousers, which, while not
He could spend the entire game just standing there, taking in everything around him, but Dean has different ideas. “We have actual seats, you know,” he says. “We don’t have to watch the whole game from here.”
Cas smiles against Dean’s lips and is about to pull away; Dean’s teeth catch on his lip in an effort to keep him still. As much as Cas wants to stay that way, he stops, turning around to look behind them, where the voice is coming from. A little boy, no more than four or five, is looking expectantly at them, his red baseball cap doing a terrible job of trying to corral his unruly, frizzy blonde hair.
The train lurches to the side suddenly as it makes a sharp turn, and Castiel’s grip on the bar above him tightens instinctively. He’s been riding the T since he was young, so adapting to the T’s jerky, clunking movements is second-nature to him.
“I’m so sorry for keeping you waiting,” he says, sliding a pale blue folder across the table toward Dean. “There was an...incident that needed attending to, and I just lost track of time.” He leans across the table and taps the folder with two fingers. “I put together a list of some cake flavors and other ideas I thought you and Jessica might like to try.” He looks up at Dean, cocking his head slightly to the side like a confused puppy, and adds, “Speaking of, where is Jessica?”
Charlie shakes her head. “Nah,” she says. “I bet you’re right, Cas. I bet he met someone, and he doesn’t want to screw it up. But whoever it is, maybe he doesn’t think he has a chance with them, and that’s why he picked the photo he did.”
,” Dean breathes as they take their seats, staring up at the stage. For all the grandeur and glamour of the theatre, the stage itself is pretty sparse; a simple, two-story wooden walkway lines the sides and back, with a couple of ladders strategically positioned around it, presumably in order for the actors to get up to the second story.
song, goddamn it, and he’ll sing it any way he damn well pleases. They’re right in the meat of the song, about halfway through, and Dean kicks up the volume.
“Dean, don’t apologize. That’s nothing to feel sorry for.” Cas looks down and adds, “Jack is stopping.”
“We’ll be careful,” Dean decides for both of them, looking over at Cas. “There isn’t a handbook for this shit, but we’ll figure it out.”
Dean doesn’t know why he said it, what provoked him to suddenly become a human rom-com. Maybe it was a side effect of being around Sam and Jess, lovebird extraordinaires, for the better part of a year. It could’ve been the fact that Castiel is looking at him with those glass-blue eyes--so goddamn blue, Jesus Christ--all gentle and enamored and patient and eager to please. Hell, it’s probably got to do with the fact that he’s standing in front of a goddamn adonis who just named an apple pie after him, and if Dean lets him slip away, he’ll never forgive himself.
Sam’s right: they walk, and they keep walking until it’s too dark to see more than a few feet in front of their faces. It feels like the days when they were fresh out of prison, fumbling their way through country back roads and trying to find the next place to, well, survive.
Dean doesn’t seem to be sharing any of his worries, though; every time Cas looks over at him, he’s looking up at the buildings around them like an awestruck tourist, the sun glinting off his sunglasses as he turns his head.
“Whoa, whoa, whoa,” Dean interrupts. “I’m not leaving, don’t worry about it. It was just an observation, and, well, kind of a wish, I guess.” He chuckles to himself, then adds, “Hell, all your other stuff is so good, I know your pie would be great, dude.”
“I really think you should get some ice on your eye,” Cas says, digging through the freezer to try and find a few stray cubes. Dean is silent, has been ever since Cas helped him to his feet and they quickly made their way back to his apartment. “We’ll cancel our cards tonight, so they won’t be able to use them. I got a pretty good look at them, too, so we could go to the p--”
“I like you, Cas,” he says, tossing the ball Cas’ way. Cas scoops it out of the air in his glove and when he looks up, Dean is jogging toward the dugout. As he trails behind, his heart swells when he hears Dean mutter, “Bob Ross” affectionately under his breath.
going to tell him whatever's going on, if he'll think better of it and leave Cas in the dark. He's about to open his mouth and demand that Sam tell him when the younger Winchester looks up at him and says, "He's depressed."
You can see if there’s anything you want me to work on when it comes to being your guide. Alerting you to things we may not have thought of or come across yet.”
Gabe twists in his seat to face Cas again, clutching his vodka bottle like a microphone and locking eyes with Cas as he croons, “Pissing the night away, pissing the
“Hey, uh, you gotta head right back to hang out with your cat tonight, or no?” Dean asks, and almost immediately wants to smack himself in the face.
have a bit of an attitude after becoming a hostage in an enemy’s camp.” She shakes her head solemnly. “The poor thing.”
And Cas can’t help it; the corners of his lips twitch up before he can stop them or hide it. It can barely be considered a smile, but Dean jumps all over it. His face cracks into a toothy grin, and he leans back in his chair, pointing at Cas accusingly. “Don’t think I didn’t see that.”
Silence hangs heavy between them as Sam lets Cas go, and the fact that he doesn’t move a muscle has Dean on edge. He grits his teeth when Cas finally takes a step toward him, but forces himself to stay put.
Dean shifts in his seat and sighs. He likes to read, but he also likes to do so when he’s comfortable, and he can’t think of many places
Once his bedroom door is closed, Dean grabs his sketchbook and opens it back up to the drawing his brother had found earlier. He’s still got some work to do, but it’s more than enough for him to be embarrassed by already.
They come to a stop a few minutes later, in the middle of an intersection that to Cas’ eyes, seems less than extraordinary. But Dean smiles widely, gesturing to the area in front of them with a flourish. “This is it.”
“What the hell—” Kevin flails around the sheet as it drapes over him, struggling to paw it away, and Gordon uses those precious few seconds to dig past several tube socks and boxers before emerging with a gaudy plastic ring.
While Dean’s happy to suck Cas off whenever, it’s clear that he’s taken a special kind of pleasure in the challenge of getting Cas to break during Zoom calls. He’ll situate himself under the table a few minutes into a meeting, leaving Cas with no recourse as he proceeds to lick and suck and stroke and hum. Cas works
Cas’ eyes go bright, brighter than Dean’s ever seen them, and Dean’s lips quirk up in one last grin before he presses them against Cas’. There’s a fireworks show going off in his chest and behind his eyes as they kiss, long and slow and deep.
On his way out the door, Cas opens Instagram on his phone and navigates to Dean’s page. Sure enough, the latest post is a stock photo of a storm occurring on a beach, complete with rain and lightning and crashing waves.
“I like to keep things organized,” Cas says stiffly, taking a seat next to Dean on the couch. “Forgive me for not wanting to live in the equivalent of a college frat house.”
“‘Looking for love in all the wrong places?’” Sam reads, tapping the screen to keep it lit. “‘Have you tried the dance floor?’”
“Honest?” Charlie pauses from filling out her gradebook and leans forward, the pen now between her teeth as she rests her chin in her hands. Dean rolls his eyes, trying to make sure she doesn’t notice the grin that he’s trying to hide.
“Always nice to meet a fan,” he says, his green eyes sparkling with mischief in a way Cas is surprised, but not entirely opposed, to see in his current predicament. Winchester’s got nice eyes, and for a split second despite how ridiculous it sounds, Cas wonders if they’re part of the reason why he’s such a deadly shot.
“So,” Sam says, folding his pizza slice in half and angling it so as much of the melting cheese lands in his mouth as possible, “any more art for the fridge?”
“Jesus, Henriksen, you’re gonna give him a heart attack.” An arm slings itself across Cas’ shoulders, and he glances out of the corner of his eye to see Dean pressed right up against him.
“A convenience.” The way he says it makes it clear there’s no use arguing with him. “I doubt any of us ended up here by taking advantage of conveniences, don’t you think?”
His lips quirk up in that stupid goddamn smile—that Cas now thinks he could grow to like, eventually—and he holds his glass up in a toast, waiting for Cas to clink his against it. “To new beginnings, then.”
They walk along in silence for a few minutes once Dean’s run out of stories, and Cas takes the time to lose himself in the ornate architecture of cathedrals, the boxy color of houses and shops, the openness of the city in general.
Cas looks over at Dean and silently thanks whatever or whoever’s up there that he’s found someone with whom he can just comfortably enjoy the silence.
“Gabe,” Cas says in greeting, dropping his gear bag in front of his closet and flopping down stomach-first onto his bed with a groan. He toes his cleats off and lets them drop to the floor before pulling his phone out of his pocket and staring at the blank screen.
reveling in the moment. Everyone around them is laughing and singing, holding their beers up in the air; they’re all part of this community together, if only for a few hours, and Cas can’t tell if the warmth in his gut is from that or the booze.
Dean crosses his ankles on top of the coffee table and leans back, shaking his head and taking another sip of his beer as he tries to forget whatever the fuck happened over his lunch break. “Yeah, yeah.”
Judging from his Cheshire-cat grin, Dean recognizes Cas’ look all too well. He elbows Cas in the side and says, “I’ll order for ya,” leaving him to take in the rows of cakes, cookies, and breads that all smell freshly baked, even at nine at night.
Gabe holds a hand in front of Cas’ face. “You think I haven’t seen it three times before already? Trust me, dude. This shit’ll change your life.”
“Where we headed, Dean?” Sam asks, drumming his hands on the dash before throwing one freely out the window. For a second, Dean just looks at him: the happy, carefree Sammy from when they were kids, the one he’d gone to such painstaking lengths to keep safe, the one he hadn’t seen the faintest semblance of in years.
“I mean, that’s normal, isn’t it? To still find someone fucking attractive and be able to say that to your partner without them feeling threatened?” He points at Cas, and Cas feels his spine straighten. “You ever said another dude was cute in front of your boyfriend?”
It’s not the answer Charlie wants, and her eyes narrow. “I don’t know if you know,” she says slowly, “but it’s kind of my job to judge people on their acting skills. And yours are
“Mr. Winchester,” she says, leaning against the edge of the table. “As much as I’m sure your students would love having a delay in their classes because of
“I don’t really, uh, do shorts,” he mumbles, and she laughs, grabbing his hand and leading him toward the studio.
“Absolutely not,” the man says in a British accent. He chuckles, like Dean’s just suggested the most absurd thing he’s ever heard. “But I’m almost certain that
“You son of a bitch,” he mutters in disbelief, stopping in his tracks and taking in the tiny house he hadn’t seen in going on half a decade.
different types of cruises, and the idea of an entire article being written about them makes his brain hurt. He closes out of the page and takes in the seemingly endless row of tabs open in front of him in his browser, then closes his eyes and randomly clicks on one.
And there he is. Looking flustered and a little panicked, the dude’s rushing toward his table (yes, he’s sure it’s his; he even glances behind him to make sure). Dean must be seeing things, though, because the second the two of them lock eyes, the guy’s anxiety just seems to...go away.
In one quick tug, he yanks the line up and out of the water, fumbling to keep hold of the pole while simultaneously grabbing for the fish. The fish breaks the surface, a mess of wriggling scales that glint in the fading light. It’s nothing special, a bass on the smaller side, but Dean caught it, he caught it without anything, and fuck if he’s not gonna be excited about it.
Dean stiffens at that, and he studies Cas with those green eyes that normally look bright and warm, but are now closed-off and angry. He takes a deep breath, and for a second, Cas thinks--hopes--that Dean is going to apologize, but instead, he heads toward the dugout. Cas watches him for a few seconds, stunned, then clambers after him.
"Bacon cheeseburger and a Coke for me, please," Dean says, tucking the menu back behind the napkin dispenser.
think he's crazy?” Dean snaps. Sam opens his mouth to respond, but before he can, Dean continues. “He’s not,” he says firmly, almost immediately jumping on the defensive for Cas and wondering why the hell he’s even doing so. Sam’s right, he
He squeezes Dean’s hand and gives him a small smile. “So. I just wanted to let you know. I’ll listen.”
Dean makes to press his hands to Cas’ cheeks, but at the last second, he grabs Cas’ headphones and slides them down so they’re hanging around his neck. With one hand on each of the oversized earpieces, he tugs Cas toward him and leans in.
Dean glares at him. “Yeah? Your fully-formed brain got any ideas on how to deal with this shit, then?” he asks, gesturing down at himself and shaking the chain again.
“I’ll still expect that section on radiation protection aprons ready for print before you go, of course.” She taps two fingers on the massive stack of proofs on Cas’ desk, and he nods quickly.
Everything is going fine, until Sam gets to the main road. Dean expects him to keep walking, or fucking teleport or something. But no. The bastard just stands there, waits for a passing car, and then sticks his thumb out.
“Okay.” He says, and his voice shakes as he pulls Cas into a hug, fierce, but still careful of his damage. He buries his face in Cas’s neck and Cas can feel the tears pouring out now.
“It was fine.” Cas confirms. “I barely felt a thing, even when we were outside the car.” He turns to look at Dean now, gaze shifting away from the tv. “I think the other thing was a fluke. I wasn’t quite ready for that much, and I overreacted.”
“Oh god, no thanks. Can you imagine me having a “profound bond” with someone who hated me as much as Uriel did, or with a fucking creep like Zachariah?”
It feels less icky and heroic when she thinks of it like that. Heroes die. Self-serving arseholes don’t tend to.
“I swear to god, if this is a prank I am going to kill Sam.” Dean snarls as he fights his way out of the shower, still dripping wet but wearing jeans at least.
“No it hasn’t.” Cas says wearily. “You wont notice any standing stones, or ancient methods of channeling magic.”
They lean on each other, falling and tripping over everything in their path, each other, even their own feet. It gets so bad that Cas gives serious consideration to Dean’s jokingly slurred suggestion that they just give up and sleep on the grass by the rapidly cooling embers of the fire pit.
“If you don’t find someone to partner with I am never gonna talk to you again. Don’t think I won’t ice you out.”
Sam wants to shake him, the urge curling his hands into fists against the ledge of the pool. Cas is so determined not to hurt Dean, but all he’s doing is kicking that pain into the grass – to be collected on in goddamn double when Dean finds out that Cas hid this from him.
“Don’t we fucking both, kid.” His brief flare of anger dissipates, leaves tiredness in its wake again.
He nearly does the jazz hands, senses that maybe that’s not the mood this conversation is suddenly taking. And also, when the fuck did it magically switch from his dishing out the bollocking, to him being on the receiving end of judgemental glares? That doesn't seem right. Or fair.
Castiel, ex-angel of the Lord, co-thwarter of the apocalypse, bringer of doom to all those who cross him, one time malevolent god and accidental unleasher of the Leviathan, is bored. And not casual bored. Not woe-is-me-for-none-of-the-things-that-used-to-entertain-me-are-working-at-the-moment-please-divert-me bored.
In the memory Lucifer carries on going, spells out the word ‘abomination’. It’s gruesome and uneven, blood distorting the letters.
“Nothing, not like you’re thinking. Just, Sam tries so very hard to be a good person, to help. Sometimes he doesn’t listen to people with better judgement than his own. That’s when he breaks things.”
“I promise not to finger you while I blow you, even though I know it’s one of your favourite things.”
He’s fine, the fucking junkie bastard is fine. And that’s great, but Dean can’t stand here and watch this. They were past this, Cas was getting better – and now he’s high as all fuck and delighted because he thinks he’s an angel again.
His throat is hoarse and his fists are bloody by the time rough hands and frantic voices intervene. He struggles against them, the need to destroy nowhere near worn out. He can hear voices in the background, garbled like they’re coming through an old, fucked up speaker.
He carries on moving slowly, like he’s dealing with a frightened dog. He leans down to where Cas knows they keep the emergency demon-proofing supplies, grabs them and baptises himself with the holy water, swallows a mouthful of salt and tries not to throw it up.
“No.” Dean agrees, in a husky tone, heaving in deep breaths to try and get himself back under control. C’mon, he’s not 16 anymore, he’s got stamina.
Lelahel bows her head, takes a moment of grief. Dean feels tears start to prick at his eyes. He liked Druiel, despite himself. And hey, he didn’t have to help them. He was a good guy, and that’s not something Dean usually says about angels.
But he needs, he needs, and he knows that with just one short prick this will all go away. A cloud of ephemeral bliss that won’t just ease the aches and cramps and wantneedplease but that’ll let him feel whole again, let him be Castiel, fierce and ancient, a name imbued with respect and power – not the Cas of recent days, with the sympathy undercut with a patronising kind of pity and disgust.
“Darling Castiel, so noble. He sacrificed himself, sealed the gates shut using his grace and the Mark of Cain. Clever little poppet. All that stuff about you and sacrifices and whatnot, that was just a distraction, so Dean’s guard would be down.”
There’s an awkward beat of silence where Sam tries to think of a less horrible way to phrase what he wants to say than,
Self-doubt creeps in as he obliterates the spiral and moves onto some enochian looking characters that ring it. Maybe this is all a coincidence, maybe these symbols are nothing to do with Cas’s weakness. Maybe that fire was the thing that stole his power.
Sam tries to hide the semi-flinch. He wonders if you have to really love someone to be able to zero in on the worst thing to say to them at any given moment, or if this was just fucking coincidence.
Dean looks crestfallen, as well he should. Interestingly, though, he doesn’t even seem to be trying to hide it.
It tells him that Cas’s words are wrong, whispers to him that he knows, down in the fabric of his being, in the deepest pits and trenches that make up Dean Winchester’s unpleasant underbelly, that this isn’t something he’s allowed to accept. He’s fucked up and wrong and shit and worthless and he’s letting everyone down, ruining everything.
“I would’ve made it work, figured something out.” Dean sighs the words out, furious tone slipping away.
“Well you’re up now, no point in trying to get back to sleep.” He says, and if Cas notices the aborted sentence start and abrupt change, he’s polite enough not to mention it. “How about we go a few rounds of Mariokart or something?”
See, there’s a double layer of difficulty here. She doesn’t just have to find a way to stop Dean from being ripped open and turned into a living portal. She needs to find what Cas would deem a suitable alternative. Not
This is how the universe hands out good things to Dean Winchester. At a price. After the worst possible cost, so that even things he’s fantasised about for years taste like a mouthful of fucking sulphur.
Downstairs, tucked behind a bookcase where it won't be found too soon, before Cas can do what he needs to, Jimmy Novak's body is slumped, empty, graceless. Dead.
“We should get Crowley somewhere safe.” Dean says, when it becomes clear that Sam is stuck in some sort of mental rut, thinking god knows what about god knows what.
“At first it was so fucking weird. Every time I tried to pick up a gun or a knife, Bobby’d appear and take it off me with that old scowl. ‘You’re sick, boy. Don’t you go messing with weapons when you’re sick.’ I couldn’t help it, though. I felt so directionless, so much free time and none of it training – I was kinda ashamed. Sam, though, he took it a lot easier, bugging me to play this game and that, come out and throw a ball with him, chase him around and play with army men and all the crap you love to do when you’re little.
“Think old whatshisface would’ve approved?” Dean asks with a wry grin as he retrieves his trunks and sinks to the ground.
He has a moment to appreciate Charlie’s dishevelled state – like a hungover Hermione Granger with tent hair – before his brain helpfully slots all the pieces of yesterday evening together and slings him a great big screaming dollop of foreboding. He scans the room for Dean, upgrades the grim feeling to something toeing the line between anger and panic as he clocks that Dean is nowhere to be seen. He pushes himself to his feet, hoping it’s not too late – maybe Dean leaving woke him up. Maybe he’s still close by enough to catch and at least say fucking goodbye to, the raging goddamn coward.
Cas can’t hold his tongue this time, skewers Dean with a disparaging look. “Yes, Dean. If you fold 1,000 birds the gods shall descend from the heavens to grant you their favour.”
“So,” Charlie starts. Dean’s head jerks up and he looks at her like he hadn’t even realized she was there. “We know he’s somewhere in the Arsenal.”
All this fuss throws Sam somewhat. He blinks at them a few times with the air of a final year student who’s spent so long in the library living off vending machine snacks and energy drinks that they’ve forgotten what the sun looks like.
Cas just wants to get this fucking over and done with. He’s tired, his bones hurt, his back hurts and, most of all, predictably, he really needs to score.
Sam moves over to swap places as Dean gives the pick one final jimmy. He stops quickly once he realises Sam can see him, but he sees enough. No wonder he can’t get it open. His hands are shaking again, rough trembles and tremors.
And then everything sputters to a halt as it hits, really hits him this time – physical, visceral knowledge as well as theoretical. Cas is gone. Not in a coma, or transported to another dimension. Not Fallen, or lost. Dead.
Rowena draws a long, bloodstained knife and slices off the north root. Sulphurous puss oozes out, splashes her dress.
“Oh.” He sounds a little more excited at that, allows Dean to roll him off the blankets and then settle them over him. Dean slips in on the other side, far enough away that he’s not touching, suddenly nervous.
He plays at being even more annoyed by this, but all the laughter is infectious, and soon they’re all in wheezing hysterics. In Cas’s case quite literally, but he does his best not to let it show.
Yeah, because people making loud noises has really been fun for you in the past few days, he scoffs at himself.
“I get that, the grace didn’t fit, you were stretched thin, and that’s why you got so run down and damaged.” Sam muses. “But how did separating you off from it somehow make it bind properly to you?”
They don’t find anything else in the house. Not a single clue. Just one bloody necklace and a footprint. It’s suspicious. Two fucking clues hanging over their heads like a giant neon sign. Dean won’t fucking have it.
you might have been close enough to help him. But as it was, he was on his own, out of his mind with pain and hunger and in a place he didn’t recognise.
Sam helps Cas get his shirt off and gets to work on the bandages on his chest. Cas could probably do those himself but he doesn’t. Easier to get Sam to do everything, maybe, or maybe it’s easier not to think about them if he doesn’t look.
White light masses around his fingers and Sam throws himself forward – intending to what he doesn’t know exactly, but he needn’t have bothered. The blast disappears the moment it leaves Cas’s fingers, and not in a dissipating into nothing way either, in a blasting its way through into another dimension way (Sam has a lot of downtime and he watches a lot of shitty films okay). Seconds later the smell of burning trees fills the room. Not good SO NOT GOOD OH DEAR GOD NOT GOOD.
He squirts the cleaning solution onto his back, winces viciously at the pain. It had never hurt so much when Sam did it, but he supposes Sam was probably gentler, or he watered down the mix, or he was there as a distraction. Now it’s just Cas, his bandages, and his hope that he doesn’t end up biting his tongue off.
Maybe because Sam thought that it was Cas behind this, and, well. Cas is a human. All it takes to put him down is a knife or a gun. Or a heroin overdose.
“This is a work of art, and I can’t perform if I have you standing over me muttering about sub clauses.”
He only makes it halfway through the last bottle before what he’s doing catches up to his rational mind. The liquid turns suddenly in his stomach and he can taste bile on his tongue and he knows he only has moments to get to the sink before he throws up.
He ends up in a liquor store, throws all of his cash at the terrified guy behind the counter and takes all that he can carry.
“I can help, if you need it. I remember how to make them.” He offers, wanting to at least feel like he’s doing something useful. He likes having things to do, idle time doesn’t treat him kindly these days.
“Because I’m not throwing away your first ever vacation on some bullshit, dog shit covered fucking shitheap.”
“He was so well behaved for the next little while, did everything I asked. Which should have been enough to make me suspicious, I admit. Naïvely I just thought that it was the withdrawal, making him grovel to me in order to feed his addiction.
It vibrates under his touch, sings with him, goes some little way to calm the burning, itching, aching need in his marrow. It wants to be here, with him. Instinctively he knows something of its nature; that it is, in its own small way, aware. A bit like the One Ring. Except while that particular piece of fictional jewellery had the sole goal of returning to its true master, this sword goes to where it can cause the most bloodshed. It seeks out the nearest killer, it settles in their hand, and it dances.
Dean doesn’t pick out any more ridiculous shirts, clearly worried that Cas actually will buy and wear them, but he does bring over some other stuff which Cas glances over perfunctorily before adding to the pile. He’s got three t-shirts, a couple of button downs, two pairs of shorts and a pair of jogging pants. Much more than he expected to find.
Dean didn’t want to be fucking involved at all, but some desperate, niggling little voice in his head had said, you gotta do this, just this one thing. And it hadn’t let him fucking rest until he had. Because he doesn’t think Cas is coming back, not into that body, anyway, but he remembers what it was like to dig himself out of his grave, and yeah. Cas isn’t coming back, but just in case.
“No I don’t fucking think that.” Sam groans in frustration. “I think he went out and tricked a demon, on his own, without back-up. That could have gone really fucking wrong.”
Cas slows to a halt, tips the brim down so it all but covers his eyes, and gives Dean his best villainous smoulder.
Dean is half awake and lazily content. He thinks it’s still early but it’s hard to tell in the eternal gloom of the bunker. He’s been thinking about getting one of those fancy-ass alarm lamp things — the ones that wake you up gradually, like the sun rising.
And how was Charlie supposed to explain, without forcing Dorothy to leave the world she loves, the world that needs her right now, to keep it together, keep it stable and not riven with civil war?
“It’s not bollocks.” Cas repeats the word distastefully, as though he can’t quite bear to wrap his tongue around it.
There’s also a slightly less life-size puking pig, which Dean and all the small children in the building think is hilarious.
The female angel enters the room, expression pinched and lip curled in something like disgust. She doesn’t look at Dean, makes her way over to a table by the wall and dumps a bag onto it. She empties it slowly, pulling out each item with gentle care and laying them out on the surface as though holy, precious.
There are three exits, one for every ground floor plaza, of course. Just to make sure, though, he sends Charlie over to check with the security guard. She confirms. Three exits, that’s some good news, at least.
There’s something else, there has to be. Sam knows Cas. If that was the full stop he’d already be talking solutions and possibilities. But he’s not. He’s looking tired and angry and a little bit scared.
Sam puts a tentative hand on Dean’s shoulder and he accepts it. He’s pissed at Sam, still a whole fucking word of furious with him, but Sam is his brother, the only thing that’s kept him fucking going these past months, and his comforting touch gives Dean the strength he needs.
Sam’s ash dirty jeans are the last thing on Dean’s mind at the present moment, though. The ringing in his ears hasn’t settled, and he can’t seem to think through it. There’s only one car left standing in the garage, and it’s the Impala. He swings his crowbar up high, and then it falls to the ground. His arms are shaking from the exertion and he feels lightheaded, from the strain both mental and physical.
He whoops, catches Dean’s eye and a moment of unguarded happiness passes between them. It’s fleeting, the uneasy feeling sliding back in far too quickly. Cas breaks eye-contact to look at the table again.
Dean expects the hot flush of anger, defensive rage. It doesn’t come. He waits for it, keeps on waiting. Realises Sam is looking at him curiously.
Dean runs through a mental list of angel weaknesses. Holy fire – but a burning fucking ring isn’t exactly portable, so that’s of limited use. Plus they don’t actually have any holy oil – and it’s not like they know anyone who can teleport to fucking Jerusalem and get it for them these days. Well, they do, but Crowley would demand to know why – and he is the last person they can tell about Cas’s weaknesses.
They don’t talk, content – if that word could really be used to describe either of them right now – to wallow in their own silent misery. Dean stops letting Claire take the bottle after a few passes.
“Dude, not to be blunt, you’ve lost almost all the muscle on your body, and it doesn’t look like they’re coming back without assistance. Just go with me on this, okay. You need to build up from almost nothing.”
“I don’t want snacks!” Cas snaps. “I want food. Actual food. On a stable surface. I want to stand up and walk around and do anything except sit in this fucking car and have my bones rattled.”
“How’s that feel, babe?” Dean’s voice sounds strained, like it’s taking a lot of effort not to move, not to thrust and claim and take. Cas wishes he’d just do it, just fucking nail him. But he won’t, because Cas is injured, and this is a first for him. Dean will take it slow and gently, will caress and fondle him, make everything about this center on Cas and not himself.
Sam?” Dean lunges upwards, grabs Sam by the lapels and pins him against the wall, screams into his face. “He left me a
Sam sighs, regards the charred, oozing flesh on Cas’s back. Some of the flaming sigils must have hit him, hard enough and hot enough to leave a burned on imprint. They’re fuzzy and imprecise, but clearly enough to put a decent kibosh on his powers.
“You think he forgives me for letting him get cut up and doped to shit? So what. I don’t forgive me. And I don’t even believe he does fucking forgive me. He might say he does, he might even
He wants to think it’s Cas, but if it was, why wasn’t he there when Dean woke up? It’s already been proved that these dreams can replicate him – sort of. How the fuck is Dean supposed to trust anything he sees here?
Upcoming projects to look out for include White Rabbit; the sequel to Chemical, and This Is a Gift, It Comes with a Price; a S7 au in which a deal is made and a secret is kept.
“And afterwards, our busted hot date. I was going to take you to a swanky restaurant, and instead we ended up running for our lives from the cops.”
“It’s been a week, Sam. I don’t think he’s coming back for this one. We’re wasting our time just fucking sitting here.” Dean slurs.
Maybe he should rig up some sort of weapon – a last minute failsafe that launches a fucking angel blade or a burst of holy fire. A just in case, last resort failsafe to make sure Cahor really can never—
And suicide isn’t wrong if it’s your only option, but often it only looks that way. Often there’s another out. It is, to Cas’s mind, an admission. It can’t get any better than this. I will never, no matter what happens, get better.
“They physical toll would be heavy. It could age you prematurely. It could even kill you, if I were to be mortally injured while we were linked. All the energy in your body would be wrenched out in a futile attempt to pull me back from the brink that would not only fail, it’d end up dragging you down too.”
She doesn’t seem too upset, grins an uncharacteristically nasty grin, it unnerves her manager, throws the woman off and stops her mid lecture.
Cas snorts, but doesn’t protest as Dean rearranges them into what apparently passes for a comfortable position.
Just for one night turns into another, and another, until Cas gives up bringing in a chair and just settles in the bed without having to be asked. It doesn’t stop the dreams, and Dean feels guilty for asking for it when it serves no real purpose, but not guilty enough to stop.
. There’s only a few left to download – they all should have taken hours. How did you even get this place hooked up - do you have fibre, or copper, or what?”
“Demon!” The angel snarls, grabbing a random knife from the table, not even looking which in her fury.
“Don’t leave me, not again.” He swallows what little, barest fragment of pride he has left and begs, reaches out to Cas, takes his face in his hands and looks him dead in the eye. “Please, not yet.”
Cas is already in the kitchen, dressed in sweatpants and a loose t-shirt, when Sam emerges blearily from his 9 hour sleep. He feels like he’s just emerged from a coma.
He pulls into a supermarket on the way back, leaving the other two, moaning and irritated at the delay, in the car and returns with a cart full of groceries. He unloads them loudly, and with enthusiasm.
Cas allows Dean to lead him to the till, stands behind him and tries not to make eye contact with the cashier as she rings up their items and folds them neatly into a bag. She accidentally drops the change on the counter, and as Dean’s fumbling to pick it up she fixes Cas in a direct gaze, makes sure he sees her slip something into the bag – something small and white and rectangle shaped.
But this is Cas, and it’s not that he doesn’t know what he’s saying it’s that he doesn’t know what it means to Dean when he does. Or maybe, maybe Dean’s just been pretending that’s the case for so long he doesn’t even know, anymore. The reason he hasn’t made a move on Cas is six parts he doesn’t think it’s requited and doesn’t want to drive Cas away, four parts he’s terrified it fucking is. Because let’s face it, the last thing Cas needs, right now or ever, is to be pulled into Dean’s fucked up orbit and spat back out a few months down the line, dead or wishing he was.
“Cahor wasn’t lying.” Says another, a sweet looking little Arabic girl, all innocence and stick limbs, wearing a hijab even though she’s a good few years away from puberty. Charlie fights very hard not to wonder how they got her to say yes to angelic possession by the servants of the wrong god.
He’s fucking good, too. He doesn’t smell like booze or an overabundance of mint. To be honest, he smells mainly of BO. The nightmares he refuses to admit he’s having make him sweat and he doesn’t seem to have the energy to wash himself afterwards. Or to change his sheets.
The demon squeezes Cas’s hand until he drops the blade, stoops to pick it up. It’s going to kill him with his own goddamn weapon. Fuck irony.
He should stop, but he doesn’t want to – and, somewhere deep down in that buried, smothered pit of things he can’t allow himself to think about  if he wants to continue to function – he doesn’t think Cas wants to stop either.
“Have we even cleared a space for it in the living room?” Charlie asks, as, having made it so, so close to where they need to be, they find themselves idly trying to break the laws of physics at the final hurdle and pivot a very large, very solid object around one final tight corner.
Winchester glowers at him, tugging at the knots binding his wrists together behind his back. “That kind of thing tends to happen when you catch someone off guard.” His eyes scan over everyone in the tent again, and he grins at Alistair. “Rematch?”
Cas wonders if this is a step too far, but he and Dean are friends, and he knows that if he’d just been broken up with, he’d want to rant about it, even for just a few minutes. “You don’t have to tell me,” he starts quickly, “but, uh, what happened?”
3. I took some artistic liberties with timing, deadlines for qualifying for certain marathons, and Boston weather.
“I had to figure out who it belonged to,” Cas says matter-of-factly, as if it’s the most obvious answer in the world.
“We have a winner!” Chuck shouts, and Gordon beams, shoulders heaving. Lisa comes over and drapes her arms around his neck before giving him a congratulatory kiss.
Sam laughs that stupid laugh of his, and goddamn it if Dean doesn’t feel like the little brother as his
buried in Dean’s magazine basket—for Cas to make a decision on just how much he wants the world to get to know him.
cold outside, is it?” he asks, getting to his feet and pulling on his own jacket, which is thin enough that Cas would still wear it with layers even on a sixty degree day.
“Like hell I’ll—” But he’s stunned into silence when Novak reaches out and drags the rough cloth along a small spot on Dean’s cheekbone. Dean’s breath catches low in his chest at Novak’s touch, and he doesn’t move a muscle save for his gaze darting from Novak’s eyes to the bandana and back.
“The infamous Dean Winchester,” Alistair says, studying Winchester with his arms folded across his chest. To his credit, Winchester stares right back, apparently not at all intimidated by the lieutenant’s icy eyes.
Cas is standing toward the back, waiting to high five Vic, when he feels someone grab his shoulders, whirl him around, and pull him close; he glances up, and Dean's got his arms wrapped around him in a tight hug.
“Least I can do, after putting you through the torture of spending the night with me.” He digs out his wallet and for a split second, a pang of guilt digs into Cas’ gut. As much as he hates to admit it, tonight wasn’t terrible. Pretty far from terrible, if he’s being completely honest.
It takes damn near a mile after they shimmy back under the fence and make a break for it for Dean’s nerves to even start to settle.
going somewhere, either. Dean makes him laugh and opens doors for him and gets excited about things Cas loves, even though Cas is almost certain he has no idea what they are. They’re not big things, but they’re all things Cas had never really experienced in a relationship before—at least not one where his significant other had had intentions other than a quick fling. Something about Dean feels different, and it felt wrong of him to leave his best friends in the dark any longer.
Cas bites down hard on his lower lip when he feels Dean’s hands move down to hips, soon followed by the warmth of his mouth around his cock.
you, and I know I’m going to make mistakes with all of this, but that doesn’t give you the right to tear my head off.” Castiel pauses, takes a deep breath and moves back as far as the rope will allow, then adds sarcastically, “Got it?”
“Five minutes, I swear.” Once Cas is out in the hallway, Dean flashes him a crooked little grin and closes the door in his face.
The wads of cash are sitting heavy in Dean’s pockets, and he chews on his lower lip. He knows Sam’s looking to follow his lead this time, and with two guns on them in the middle of nowhere, even in his most optimistic state, Dean’s not thrilled with their odds. He sighs and starts digging into his pockets, taking one last second to feel the weight of all that cash in his hands before tossing them out onto the grass.
,” Dean mutters as something lands on top of the books with a light smack: a small blue bean bag. When he looks up, startled, his eyes land on Cas standing in front of one of the cornhole sets, the small, square canvas bags in alternating colors of blue and green nestled in his arms like so many tiny puppies. Dean glances down at the bag in his hand, then back up at Cas, and goddamn it if the grin on his face doesn’t get just a little bit wider.
Cas grabs his keys and calls, “Behave yourself, Ollie,” over his shoulder before closing and locking the door behind him.
“Does your whole fucking family watch the show? I’d like to make at least one good first impression. Christ.”
Cas is on the train on the way home Wednesday night when he gets a text from Sam. It's the day before he and Dean's next scheduled run, and three days after his visit to the Winchesters' house, and Cas would be lying if he said his stomach didn't twist up into knots at the sight of Sam's name on his phone screen.
Knowing that this’ll be the last time he has to deal with the godforsaken things—pickaxes and wardens both—has him carrying himself a little lighter as they head out. It’s also what gives Dean enough confidence to smirk up at Alastair Heyerdahl, a smarmy skeleton of a man with sunken eyes and a smile that could curdle milk, as he picks up his equipment for the day. Heyerdahl’s one of the more notorious wardens at Joliet, and on a normal day, it’s all Dean can do to look him in the eye, but the high he’s riding has him feeling daring, and hell, if he can do anything to get the guy off his game to aid in their plan, he’s all over it.
Before she can answer, though, they both hear the door to the break room swing open with a creak. Cas can feel Hannah craning her neck to look over her shoulder as he peers down the hall curiously. Dean pokes his head out and flashes a crooked grin at the both of them, then motions for Cas to come over.
Winchester narrows his eyes, but keeps his mouth shut. Cas clears his throat uncomfortably before nodding to himself and taking a seat in the chair in the corner. He can feel Winchester’s eyes on him as he sits down, and when he glances up, he catches Winchester’s eyes darting away, his cheeks going slightly red at being caught looking--or maybe that’s just the general exertion of being held captive. Cas keeps his eyes on him, curious as to how Winchester will react to that, and his eyebrows raise in surprise when Winchester looks back up at him.
They spend the next twenty minutes going over the rest of the items Cas had brought, Cas trying to convince Dean that broccoli really isn’t that bad and Dean declaring Cas an abomination for thinking fried chicken is average at best. While they talk, Cas catches himself studying Dean’s eyes--how they still seem to go bright whenever he hears something that interests or amuses him, the way the skin around them crinkles when he laughs--and Cas suddenly wants to spend all his time at the Winchester house, so he could see Dean without his sunglasses whenever he wanted.
Sam cocks a brow but doesn’t protest further, so Dean considers it a win. He chuckles and slings an arm around Novak’s shoulders before waggling his fingers for Sam to come closer too. His little brother rolls his eyes, but Dean doesn’t miss his poorly concealed grin as he steps toward them, either.
Dean scribbles his name onto the slip of paper and hands it to the guy in charge today, an overly excited twenty-something with thick-framed glasses and a skinny tie who looks like he’s been plucked straight out of his Brooklyn brownstone.
Before her video even connects, Charlie’s singsong voice echoes through the tinny speakers on Cas’ laptop. “Hello, my little lovebirds,” she croons. When she finally shows up onscreen, her chin is resting on top of her hands and she’s looking at Cas and Dean with eyes that may as well have literal hearts in them.
“You look good,” Dean tells him, adjusting Cas’ lapels just slightly before resting his hands on his shoulders and looking him up and down. The back of the general store is dirty and muddy, the nearby alley piled high with trash, but Dean’s got tunnel vision for Cas. “Like a fine, upstanding citizen if I’ve ever seen one.”
“Looks like it’s you and me, Al,” he says, elbowing Alastair good-naturedly. “Where d’you think we’re gonna go? Exotic speedboat ride through the Caribbean? Excursion through New Orleans swampland to learn about voodoo and witchcraft? Island crawling with baby piglets, maybe?”
“Ooh, a Wellesley boy,” he says, smirking. “What’cha doin’ out so far from home?” he asks, patting Dean hard on the cheek with the plastic card. He glances down at the license once more before tossing it haphazardly over his shoulder. “Won’t be needing that anymore.”
game--the Red Sox are losing 7-3 by the time the seventh inning rolls around--but Cas is still having fun. Fenway’s beers are overpriced and nothing special, and Cas tries to refuse them more than once, but Dean insists that they’re all part of the experience, to go along with Fenway Franks, which, Cas has to admit, are worth the money, even if it’s just for the novelty alone.
Kenmore Square is teeming with people in Red Sox jerseys, vendors selling cheap T-shirts and souvenir programs, scalpers leaning against buildings trying to act discreet and casual while selling people overpriced tickets, and Cas’ heart rate is picking up with every step further into the crowd. Normally, he would be afraid that he and Dean would get separated, except for the fact that everyone is so packed together, his chest is almost pressed flush up against Dean’s back until they actually get into the park.
“Not bad, Winchester,” he says, shooting a quick finger gun at himself in the mirror with a click of his tongue before turning to the side and smoothing the shirt down against his chest. “Not bad at all.”
Dean reaches into his back pocket, pulls out a Sharpie, and brandishes it at Cas, his eyes sparkling. Cas looks at him uncertainly as he takes the marker and uncaps it. Finally, he decides on something and scribbles it across the photo before recapping the marker, pushing them both back toward Dean, and promptly getting up and leaving before Dean sees him spontaneously combust from embarrassment.
Dean thinks to himself. He’s scrambling to come up with some other smartass response when Sam beats him to it. “Got the wrong boys, sir,” he says, ever polite even at gunpoint. Dean rolls his eyes; maybe he’d done
cherry-pick the most attractive human beings they can find for their shows each season, but they really outdid themselves with Dean Winchester, 28, from Lawrence, Kansas.
Cas sighs and runs a hand through his already-messy hair as he makes his way through the camp. He doesn’t need this, doesn’t need those thoughts right now. He can’t have been the only one in the Company to notice how good-looking Winchester is, but he’s undoubtedly the only one who’s considered the fact that maybe Winchester thinks the same of him.
"Of course." Cas gives the younger Winchester a pat on the back before breaking the hug. "I, uh, tell Dean I'm thinking of him, and hope he feels better. Please."
“Even still,” Raphael says, clapping Samandriel on the back as he attempts to get the heat of Lucifer’s stare off him, “make sure you keep yourself in check, Luce. You know Alistair wants the honors, and you’ll be even worse off than Winchester if you kill him before Alistair gets his playtime in.”
Castiel’s eyes widen. “I’m sorry,” he says quickly. “I didn’t mean…” His voice trails off once he realizes that he doesn’t know
The sound of Heyerdahl getting his ass verbally handed to him—every time he tries to interject with a horseshit excuse, Jessica cuts him off with a response of her own—is music to Dean’s ears.
The second Cas pulls a salad and bottle out of the bag, making it clear that he won’t be switching seats anytime soon, Dean feels himself thrown face-first into a feeling he hasn’t experienced since his own high school days—he’s fucking jealous. Rowena’s close enough to touch Cas, smell his musk, grab him by that stupid backwards tie—why the
Cas returns the smile quickly before averting his eyes. He can feel his cheeks burning in embarrassment, but when he looks down at Sam's message again, the smile comes creeping back.
And if that whole remote shit from earlier had Dean feeling betrayed, it’s nothing compared to how he feels now as he immediately pulls himself out of Benny’s grip. “Uh, ‘scuse me?”
he can barely take care of himself half the time, so what the hell is she thinking, setting him up to guide someone who can’t even
The three of them take their positions in the middle of the stage in the same formation they had at Charlie’s studio: Dean in the middle, with Sam and Cas on either side. A fancy microphone is positioned in front of them, and Dean clears his throat, adjusts it so it’s closer to their height—well, closer to his and Cas’; Sam’ll just have to crouch a little.
After a short reprieve, Lisa returns to the mansion’s living room with Chuck trailing behind her. The buzz of conversation between the men quickly dies down and they all turn their attention to Lisa like students whose teacher has just entered the room.
something. He remembers that clearly, but he also remembers that he had just brushed the rest of that exchange off as Dean being disinterested in the Colt, thinking that it’s a pointless popcorn story, but as he replays it in his mind and starts to reanalyze Dean’s habits, the more he realizes how much his supposed eye for detail had failed him, and just how much Dean had been hiding in plain sight.
They’re actually not, for once, although Cas has a look in his eye that makes Sam mildly uncomfortable. Like please, stop looking at my brother like you’re about to devour him right in front of me.
“Yeah. Much.” There’s no bite to his words any more. For the first time in nearly a week, he doesn’t feel angry. He just feels sad. He realises this, reflexively tries to reach for some hidden pit of irritation to smother it with.
Charlie leaps into the vehicle, guns the engine and barely gives Hannah, who is reluctant to enter the radius of the Horn, time to climb in too before she drives off.
Eventually Cas breaks away, rests his forehead on Dean’s, and this is all so familiar, and Dean is so torn. His pulse is racing and his palms are sweaty and he doesn’t know whether it’s because he’s overjoyed or terrified. There’s probably a word for it, he thinks, the fear of taking something good because you know how impermanent it is. It’s what stopped him going to Cas for a long time, and he never really overcame it - not fully. It was Cas who pulled him through, tried to persuade him.
She breaks into a run and Cas dives after her. He slips his angel blade out of his sleeve, holds tight to it as he runs. He can’t use his grace, but the blade isn’t immediately identifiable as his. Crowley has seen to it that there’s a supply of angelic weapons floating around, in the hands of the loyal and steadfast. He imagines a demon being snuffed out with one won’t merit too much attention.
He wishes he’d brought a fucking dildo, wishes he’d had the foresight and the patience to open himself up, press it in and pretend it was Cas there, Cas draped over his back, rocking back and forward and –
He thinks exactly fucking right. Dean’s burning up with the need to know what that symbol is, but he does as he’s told. If it turns out this angel is trustworthy, well, it’ll make a nice change from having to stab the answers out of someone.
Lucifer reluctantly decides it’s time to stop playing. Dean’s sufficiently mouldable, he’ll be able to nurture the little seeds of suspicion well enough now. Don’t wanna overdo it, after all.
what you need, a fucking minder. Some idiot who loves you enough that they don’t want to watch you throw yourself off a cliff trying to follow Cas into the sea.”
He looks like he’s about to say something self-deprecating, some “wow, this shits all over my plans.” Cas decides he’s not going to give him a chance. He stands up, uses their joined hands to pull Dean up too, and he kisses him.
Cas narrows his eyes – gets that look, the one that means that Dean is either in immediate mild physical peril, or Cas is going to save it up and hand him his ass later on, when they’re in bed together.
They drag the bikes off the trail and fuck beneath the forest canopy. She pushes Sam to the ground and rides him athletically, informing him with a grin that if anyone is going to get their naked ass covered in leaves, it isn’t going to be her. So, of course he grabs a handful, rubs them into her back and laughs. She tuts at him, moves his hands up to her breasts and encourages him to knead them.
“No thanks,” Cas says, with a dry tone that might be perceived to have a hint of bitterness to it, “while I haven’t had any uncontrolled hand spasms for weeks, I have no desire to provoke the universe so.”
He’s close, close enough that he can feel Dean’s determination at the edge of his mind. Close enough that he can almost feel the decision Dean makes to hold a knife to his breast, and start to push.
"Cool."  He doesn’t feel anything really, not gratitude, or indignation that the angel is still alive. Just, yeah. Blank.
“Dean doesn’t believe in measuring things.” Sam supplies with a weary air, like this is a well-worn squabble between them.
“Nothing a bit more experience won’t fix. It takes time to learn that jam and pasta are not compatible flavours.”
He thinks about throwing out one last apology over his shoulder before he goes, decides against it. He doesn’t want to draw this out. For all Dean’s pretending he’s okay with this, Sam can see the tense lines in his shoulders. Yeah they got the fucker that kidnapped Cas, but sense memory and their generally shitty luck is telling Dean that this is a bad idea.
But Dean doesn’t. He stops thrashing and just lies there, even though he knows Benny won’t be fooled – won’t think he’s giving in and let him up. And anyway, Benny’s all in his fucking head, how can you trick someone who knows exactly what you're thinking.
For a second, right before the panic sets in, he wonders how Cas knew to do that – some sort of innate junkie knowledge? And then he realises exactly where he learned it, Trainspotting, Junk, Requiem for a Dream and a thousand other fragments of drug related literature left over from Metatron.
Cas lets Dean lead him into the kitchen, following a half step behind, eyes tracing over Dean’s figure, lingering on his hips and ass.
Although why Sam was chosen instead of Dean, Cas doesn’t know. You’d have thought Dean, for maximum impact. Maybe that’s not the angle C’s going for.
“Yeah, it’d actually be good for him. It can help with anxiety and it’s prescribed for chronic pain.” Charlie points out.
“Don’t go down that road, Dean. The last thing he’d want is for you to die rescuing him – you’d ask him to live with that?”
He whirls around, eyes wide and teeth bared. Cas sneaks a glance at the Mark as he does so. It’s not glowing, or showing any sign of life. Is that a good thing? He’s not even sure any more.
Dean scrambles to his feet and fumbles into a defensive stance even as his brain very slowly comes to the realisation that a monster would be too busy rending his flesh with its teeth or claws or whatever to bother kicking him awake.
“I’ll be at the bunker’s front gate within an hour. And I’ll bring an associate of my choosing, not yours.”
One minute Dean is railing about how if anyone even looks at him funny, well, he has a trunk full of deadly weapons and a literally give ‘em hell attitude – and the next Cas is aware of silence and a warm weight next to him. Close, but not quite touching.
Dean shifts his hips a little, adjusts their angle, grazes Cas’s prostate. Cas moans, starts to clench around him and Dean knows what that means. He adjusts his angle again, ever so slightly, hones directly in on it and thrusts; once, twice, three times.
Cas comes back to reality with some difficulty. The first thing he notices is that he’s being restrained and it terrifies him enough that he continues to try and escape. The voice he can hear is female though, which takes a little of the edge off. It’s not Cahor, at least.
“All grace starts out mostly the same; it grows and changes as we do. Removing an angel’s grace from our body doesn’t usually wipe it clean, though. You have to introduce it to another, stronger angelic force of will in order to do that.”
“Way I see it,” Dean says, lifting two pistols out of the bag and beckoning to Cas to come and stand with him about 20 yards away from the targets, “It’s too late to have this debate. I dunno exactly how many guns there are in this country, but it’s too many for anyone to have a hope of scooping them all up. Too many people are too invested in it. You could pass a law tomorrow and a handful of people would give up their weapons, sure, but the rest’ll just ignore it, break it on purpose. You can’t arrest ‘em all.”
“Great.” Sam is still talking, except now it isn’t pity or worry. Now it’s boundlessly irritating enthusiasm. “I’ll get you some soup.”
He rests his hands on it and applies downwards pressure, feels the metal screech and try to buckle. Okay, so not that.
“Mm, tactically it’s a good move, but you’ll need to hit it at a very specific angle. Safer to go with the purple.”
Dean’s not next to him when he opens his eyes which is not unusual but still a shame. Cas sleeps such irregular hours now that it’s not practical for Dean to always be there when he wakes, disappointing thought that is.
“It’s just, y’know...” He trails off lamely, hoping Cas will let him get away with it. Of course he doesn’t, though.
Sam throws the remote control at them, hard. It connects with Dean’s head, where it’s definitely going to leave a bruise.
She pots the next one with Dean’s guiding touch, too, tries to one after that by herself and misses.
And if Sam was here he’d give Dean this little sideways look, a warning. Because Cas has betrayed them in the past, exactly like this. And Dean knows that, but he also knows that Cas has learned his lesson – that the song about the old lady and the fly and the spider and the bird and all the other fucking animals Dean can’t even remember isn’t just a cute little song, but a fucking cautionary tale too. You don’t destroy something bad, by swallowing down something worse.
It’s like picking at a cuticle. You can’t stop thinking about it, the only way to stop it is to just fucking rip it off, and it gives you a brief moment of pleasure before it just starts fucking hurting.
“I’ve done a lot of terrible things, hideous things, things that I will regret until the day I die. There’s no existent force that could salve that regret, but, if anything could come close, if anything could make me choose those twisted paths again, it’d be the certainty of knowing that I’d wind up here, like this. With you.”
Only, Cas doesn’t just have the one trauma. He has a fistful of them, and as one retreats back into the darkness so another one digs it’s claws in and pulls itself to the forefront. And this one won’t be pacified quite so easily.
Dean had decided early on that, more than anything, he wanted his kids to feel comfortable being themselves, artistically or otherwise. He’d wanted them taking risks and experimenting in new styles, making something that’s their own while being themselves.
“Fine, fine, have it your way.” He rolls his eyes and grabs a couple of cheese fries. “But really, Castiel, I know you practically
The redhead laughs. “Your boyfriend’s got good taste. Tell him the next issue’s coming out next week.”
being on the verge of dealing with the most self-absorbed asshole on basic cable. He should’ve met Dean inside five minutes ago, but it’s all he can do not to just vomit from anxiety all over the sidewalk.
Dean closes the space between them quickly, and Cas can feel Dean’s dick pressing against his leg through his pajama pants as he loops his arms around his neck. Cas leans in, raising the cuffs above their heads. Dean reaches up and grabs them without breaking eye contact; Cas can hear them jangle as Dean twirls them around his own finger.
“If we’re sharing secrets,” Cas begins, his words coming out slow and careful. Shit, if this is some kind of payback for Dean takin’ his sweet-ass time spitting his own secret out, it’s goddamn excruciating. He’s just about to ask Cas to come out with it already when the guy says, “There was never a treasure.”
. I just need you to be there to make sure I don’t run into big shit, like oh, I don’t know, a fuckin’
“Obviously, dude, come on.” Sam sets the pizza boxes onto the coffee table and grabs some plates. “He says hey, by the way.”
Dean’s face morphs into a surprised expression, and he tries to pull away again, but Cas maneuvers him so that he’s lying back down on the grass, and presses a kiss to his lips. “Fuck you,” Dean mumbles against Cas’ lips, but Cas can feel him smiling, too, and he smiles back.
Dean punches the END button on his phone and sets it back on the nightstand. He studies it for a few seconds, half expecting it to buzz to life, and for Cas to be on the other end, even though he knows that’s impossible. Finally, he allows himself a tiny shrug and mutters, “Could’ve been worse,” before burrowing back under the covers.
Cas thought he had already seen Dean at his most attractive last night, but as it turns out, seeing him with bedhead and sleepy eyes is even better. He leans over and kisses him, smiling when he feels Dean kiss back.
“It is,” Lisa tells him, “but it’s also exercise for a reason. Just wait until corpse pose, then you’ll be fine.”
Dean’s dick twitches with interest at both visions of Cas: one clean and fresh, the other smudged with dirt and sweat.  There’s really no use trying to fight it. Chewing anxiously on his bottom lip, Dean’s hand finds his cock and, keeping one pressed up against the wall, he closes his eyes and starts to stroke. Mental images of Cas working, Cas walking, Cas knocking him to the ground, Cas using that kerchief he
“Yeah, I can see that, but why is this show even still happening, then?” Dean asks. “It’s a waste of time; it’s so fucking clear the only dick she wants is
Dean clenches his teeth in what he hopes even slightly resembles a smile, even though he’s not facing the camera and no one can see him. “Yep.”
Once they’d managed to get themselves out of Joliet, Dean had had plans to never set foot on the grounds of another jail for the rest of his life, so help him god. But god, he should know by now, has no interest in helping the Winchesters, something that’s made itself clearer than ever as he and Sam dart through the shadows, making their way up to Rolling Hills County Pen.
Dean laughs, resting his head back against the tree before finishing off the rest of his beer. “Guess witches don’t exactly make for realistic tales, huh?” When Cas shakes his head, Dean mutters, “Good thing I didn’t waste both our time goin’ into the details, then.”
Dean grabs a plastic-coated menu and tosses it to Cas. "This place is open 24 hours," Dean tells him, raising his voice to be heard above the chatter from other customers, the clinking and scraping of their silverware on plates. He cranes his neck to scan the specials board behind Cas. "It's usually packed on the weekends, but it's practically dead now."
“He yelled at me first,” Castiel says, feeling like a five-year-old who’s in the principal’s office getting ready to tattle on a classmate. “He said I was a shitty guide, told me that I was treating him like a baby and to basically stay away from him as much as possible.”
Later that night, about halfway through another one of Cas’ reality shows, his phone vibrates next to him with a new text message. He grabs it and swipes the message open; it’s from Dean, and Cas smiles down at the screen in spite of himself.
He finds the lack of sponsorship and composure more refreshing than he’d like to admit, but that’s a secret that’ll stay between him and Oliver.
Head thrown back, he hears Cas groan once more, then startles as Cas comes over his stomach as well. Chest heaving, he keeps his eyes up on the sky as he grins to himself, shaking his head in near disbelief. He only looks down when he feels Cas cleaning him up with what he recognizes as the guard’s shirt from earlier, and laughs.
having this conversation,” Dean snaps, reaching across Charlie’s lap for the remote. “I signed up for
When she notices him, she straightens in her chair immediately and focuses on him, not even bothering to pause her show. “Did I mess it up?” she asks.
Someone had refilled their drinks while they were gone. It’s stupid, not knowing what’s in it, but ask Dean if he cares. He holds up his glass once more and waits for Cas’ to clink against his before taking another long pull. “Bet Sammy’ll be pissed he missed that,” Dean says with a smirk, knowing that, truthfully, it’s probably the exact opposite. He hits his open palm on the tabletop and gets to his feet. “Gonna hit the head. I‘ll be back.”
“Cheers,” Dean says, holding his fry in the air in salute before popping it into his mouth. Cas does the same before watching the way Dean’s jaw moves as he chews, then swallows contentedly. “Shit,” he says, reaching for another.
Dean dips a fry into his pile of ketchup and shrugs. "Change of scenery, I guess. I dunno. Guess I just like it up here."
“Bless you,” a voice says quietly behind him, and Dean freezes. He knows that voice, but more important, he knows the person
Once they’re facing each other, Cas leans forward, pressing their foreheads together. “You are the furthest thing from useless.” Dean scoffs, and Cas holds his wrists tighter. “Those guys took advantage of you. They did, and you have every right to be upset and scared and angry. But you know what else you should be?”
“This,” Cas says slowly, trying to find the right words, “isn’t exactly how I had planned to tell you.”
Sam looks up from where he and Jess are hunched over the coffee table, putting the finishing touches on the seating plan. “See if what's ready?”
It feels like an eternity before the wardens get everyone up and start herding them all toward the mess for a quick breakfast. Dean schools his face into a blank expression, something that won’t betray his excitement and anxiety all rolled up into one. He’s sure Sam’s doing the same, and Novak’s face barely ever cracks into anything other than that
“She was having a hard time,” Dean finally says, keeping his eyes on his food. “She said she had had relationship issues around the same time the finale aired, and I, I don’t know, she said I helped her, I guess. Somehow."
Dean pauses at that, trying to process Cas’ words. The corner of his mouth tilts up in a small smile, and he reaches up for the tie again. Cas can feel his breath hot and close against his face as he leans in close, then breathes, “That’s nothing” as he pulls the tie back down over Cas’ eyes.
She riffles the magazine’s pages against her microphone and Charlie cringes at the shitty audio, slicing a finger across her throat to get her to cut it out. “If y’all haven’t seen the latest issue of
an asshole move.” He gives Cas a small smile. “A lot of shit has gone on the past couple days and it all sort of bubbled up at once, and I...it sucks. I forgot Sammy had posted that picture, it only makes sense you would’ve seen it, I shouldn’t have--”
the red arrow is a real diner! also, they really do everything that's done in this story if it's your first time there, so...fair warning, i guess?
“I suppose that answers my question,” Cas says, and even though he’s got his back to him, Dean can just picture that stupid smile of his back in place.
Dean winks at him and Cas drops his head down against Dean’s shoulder. “I didn’t mention it,” he says, “because I didn’t know if you wanted it to be public knowledge. You weren’t exactly straightforward about asking me out in the first place.”
The street is lined with mailboxes, all of which jut out slightly into the street. Castiel hadn’t even thought about it; he’s never given mailboxes a second thought, but judging by the way Dean’s got an arm wrapped gingerly around his side, he probably should have.
“No, with Alistair.” Dean’s hand freezes in Cas’ hair for a split second, and Cas closes his eyes. “You know what, never mind. It’s nothing.”
Dean can’t help but look back longingly as Cas drags him past everything and into the tap line. “All the date ideas around here,” he grumbles, “and you go and pick the nerdiest.”
Dean closes the comic and bites his lower lip and quickly swipes his hand underneath his sunglasses before looking down at the book again.
Cas doesn’t know why or how, but suddenly the filter between his brain and his mouth stops working, and he tells Charlie exactly what he’s thinking.
Apparently Dean is on the same page, because he bursts forward with a sudden jolt of energy, taking Cas by surprise and causing him to frantically try and catch up while also alerting other runners to their presence.
Dean hauls himself to his feet and they stumble further through the field. He wants to look back—more than anything, he wants to look back and see that hellhole disappearing in his rearview—but he and Sam had agreed: only one of them needed to focus on that to make sure no one was following them; anyone else doing so would just slow them down.
Dean rolls his eyes. “They’re underrated, if you ask me.” He grabs the remote off the coffee table and turns on the TV, clicking over to Cas’ DVR. “So, what’re we feeling,” he says, flipping through Cas’ mass of recorded TV shows and movies, “horror? Rom-com? Sci-fi?”
Instead of landing on the solid floor of the train car, Dean feels rocks scraping his face and hands as he trips and collapses face-first. Too stunned to do anything else, he lets himself get dragged along for a few seconds until Novak’s yanked back out of the car, and Sam too, all because of him.
“Cas,” Dean says automatically, and he can feel a blush start to creep up his neck as he immediately realizes the slipup.
“Cookies are snacks,” he mutters in justification as he parks across the street and heads for the building, the mismatched brick and pastel colors like a beacon welcoming him back. “And it's my choice.”
whoever the hell this mystery guy is. And if he doesn’t see that, fuck him. You’ll find someone who will.”
Cas grips the edges of the sink and looks up into the smudged mirror bolted to the wall to aim a contemptuous glare at his brother. When he does, though, he realizes that it’s not Gabriel standing behind him, but a boy he’s never met before. He looks about Cas’ age, a little skinny, with dirty blonde hair that mussed up from sweat. His hands are jammed deep into the pockets of his jeans, and his head is tilted to the side, a look of confusion and amusement on his face. Even in the dim lighting of the bathroom, Cas can see his bright green eyes shine, and he suddenly feels even more lightheaded than he already did.
There’s still no reaction, and Cas chuckles humorlessly. “You’re really going to make me say it, aren’t you?”
He’s almost disappointed when Winchester doesn’t come up with another comeback. Despite the fact that it came paired with verbal abuse, it had been nice to hear his voice.
They gather up their trash and empties, and are heading back to the Impala when Cas stops short, making Dean jerk to a halt as well to avoid spilling ketchup and fry grease on the back of Cas’ shirt.
The music gets louder and louder as the chorus approaches, and Cas’ eyes wander around the park. Sure enough, he’s one of the only people
For a split second, Castiel fears for his own safety; this woman's out for blood, and he would prefer that it not be his.
“During hometowns,” Cas says. He’s slightly embarrassed that he remembers the scene so well, but he remembers too much of that season too well, and just decides to roll with it. “You seemed to think they were cute together, as well.”
Dean scoops it up first and Sam leans in to read over his shoulder. It’s fancy: heavy, cream-colored cardstock with
As it turns out, Cas’ instinct had been correct--once they make it to the newer part of their route, the two of them are stumbling and miscommunicating more than Cas could believe.
It’s his last confessional-style interview before his proposal to Lisa, and all traces of the suave, confident persona he’d inhabited during the entire season of The Bachelorette seem to have disappeared, replaced with the equivalent of an inexperienced middle schooler. He sucks in a breath through his nose and releases it in a quick sigh, then finally looks up with a nervous smile.
"I understand, ma'am, and we would gladly refund you the money for your admission if we had closed yesterday, but we didn't, so I'm afraid there's nothing I can do. I'm sorry."
“Guess so. And it was cheaper than therapy, which was Sam’s first choice.” Dean huffs out a laugh before tilting his head up toward the sky. “Hey, what does it look like right now?”
Castiel is aware of that; he had to walk through said flood warnings with soaked shoes and an umbrella that decided to break halfway to the museum.
Castiel bites his lip, running through his calendar--his extremely open calendar--in his mind. “Well, I have to work tomorrow, so what about the day after? Better to start sooner than later.”
“Good. Okay.” She takes a deep breath, seemingly more to calm herself down than Castiel. “Just know, you’d be doing me
Novak looks at him flatly, then continues walking. Dean stays put for a few seconds, trying to figure out his next move. Finally, it hits him, and he snaps his fingers.
Dean’s digging around in his pocket for his keys in the hall when Cas’ fingers wrap around his wrist. Dean looks up at him, confused. “Dude, what the hell?”
The disappointment had been evident on his face, but he’d remedied the situation fast by stealing Cas’ laptop, ordering them two cheap nosebleed seats for that night’s game, then saying that he’d meet him back in his room at five.
The camera pans along with him, and he winks, making a beeline for the booze table in the mansion’s extravagant living room.
“I was hoping it wouldn’t come to this,” he says, like he actually gives a shit what happens right now.
It sounds stupid in Castiel’s head, and he struggles to put it into words. “I just...I feel like it’s unfair of me to be describing these things to you when you can’t see them.”
A remark like that is probably what earned him the new bruise in the first place, and if Michael were still here, Cas is sure that Winchester would have a broken finger or two to add to his collection of injuries. Michael’s
Dean chuckles, grabbing his water and twisting off the cap. “You’re sorry I’m bi?” he asks before taking a long swig.
“Done!” he shouts, shoulders heaving. Chuck and Lisa hurry over to inspect his work, and after a few seconds, Chuck grabs Gordon’s wrist and holds it high in the air in victory.
“I don’t really think there’s a rulebook.” He takes a breath and shifts uncomfortably after catching a glimpse of the cameraman trying to be discreet in the corner of the room. He’d never been one for public proposals, never thought he’d get far enough in the goddamn show to actually be faced with having to
Anger and embarrassment, hot and bright, start to well up in the pit of Castiel’s stomach on Dean’s behalf, and Castiel glares at his friend. “That’s rude, Balthazar. And I don't even know anything about him, or what he looks like, or if he's single--”
It takes all Cas has not to up and leave the restaurant in a huff, but aside from the potential embarrassment and explanations he’d have to give to Billie, Hannah, and Charlie, he didn’t want to let Dean think he’d won. So he takes a deep breath and considers Dean’s smug face.
Sam and Dean stare at him, then at each other. Neither of them expect a peep out of Novak in general, so for it to come now of all days, and in the form of a dispute, no less, is unexpected, to say the least.
Cas watches Dean smile sweetly at their waitress as she places a styrofoam takeout container on their table. “You’re a regular Dale Cooper, aren’t you,” he says.
, exactly, but sure as hell not comfortable, either, as if he’s nervous to bother Dean, has him scrambling to do damage control and reassure Cas before he’s even said a word. “‘Course, man.”
Cas rolls his eyes, then goes back to getting the foil ready. He feels guilty for thinking so, and he doesn’t
The saturation and heat from the water is already wisping up toward the ceiling as Castiel rubs shampoo through his hair. He holds his hands out in front of him, palms up, and watches as the suds run between his fingers until his hands are clean again. For a second, he doesn’t know why, but he wonders if Dean used to do this, when he could see. Or if maybe he still does.
“He didn’t give me his number on the air,” he says. “There’s no reason for any of our listeners to hear about this stupid dinner that’ll probably end up with me half-deep in a bottle of wine and cursing myself for my shitty taste in friends.”
Something’s still missing, though, and he finds it quickly in the form of a charcoal flap-top cap. “Bingo,” he mutters, putting it on and adjusting it carefully before looking at himself in the mirror.
Cas’ ears perk up at the familiar title, and he grins down at the book he’s pretending to be absorbed in, which is something about a boy with antlers who really likes candy bars, apparently.
"No!" Sam says quickly, then shakes his head. "I mean, yeah, no, it's fine. It's just, Dean can't run today."
Even though Cas usually hates when other people touch his belongings without permission, he has to admit that there’s no way he could’ve gotten everything up to his room as quickly and smoothly as the five RAs did. They drop everything off on the vacant side of room 318, make sure he’s got his ID card and room key, wish him luck, then are gone almost as fast as they appeared.
Sam waves him off absently, not taking his eyes off his book. Which, thank god, probably means he didn’t see any of the mess Dean had just stumbled into. “Nah, you go. This is just getting good.”
! The heartbeat that peters out as Philip dies during ‘Stay Alive’--the reprise--is what really kills me, though. I can make it through most of the show without getting too emotional, but that…” Cas shakes his head.
“Dad won’t let me,” Aiden says grumpily. He folds his arms across his chest and pouts, and Cas grins.
“Sure ain’t, sir!” Sam calls. Dean knows his little brother can see the glare he’s shooting his way, but chooses to ignore it.
“Dean.” Alastair’s lips curl around the name and he looks like he’s just sucked on a lemon. “Where would you like to go for our date? I’m flexible. -Lisa.”
“Of course.” Apparently thrilled that he’s got a new matter to focus on, Castiel’s face breaks into a wider grin as he heads toward the glass case.
Cas’ eyes go wide at that, and he steps awkwardly in front of Dean’s path, taking care to stay balanced on the thin concrete steps. “Uh, let’s not make any rash decisions,” Cas says, letting out the most pathetic attempt at a casual laugh that Dean’s ever heard, which only makes him more endearing. Dean grins and looks at Cas knowingly. “I just...you don’t have anyone else you’d rather take to the show?”
“'67 Chevy Impala," Dean says affectionately.  "Used to drive her everywhere. Sammy’d get pissed because I’d drive her early in the morning, and her engine'd wake him up.” He chuckles at the memory, and Cas smiles into his lap.
Dean hates that, being told that he’s a good person, he says it makes him feel awkward and embarrassed, but it’s quickly become one of Cas’ favorite pastimes. The faint blush on Dean’s cheeks and the way he grins shyly as he shoves Cas’ hand away makes it worth it, and he smiles, trying to time his heartbeat with Dean’s as he rests his head back against his chest.
“There ya go, Cas!” he yells, then throws his head back and lets out one more excited yell as they run. Cas’ heart surges, and not just from the exertion now, as he and Dean begin to make their way through the course.
. As if he’s part of some secret spy mission to capture the hearts of America. As if everything he’s about to do is a farce, just something to kill time and make him some money and fame in the meantime.
If Sam hadn’t brought that stupid CD home, if he’d been able to do anything but rave about how amazing it was, if he hadn’t bought tickets for Jess for their anniversary and then claimed that it was even better in person and that Dean just needed to “give it a shot,” if he hadn’t caught Dean listening to the album in the garage, pathetically trying to rap his way through ‘Guns and Ships’ while changing the oil in the Impala and then forced Dean to admit that he liked the thing, then Dean wouldn’t be schlepping his way through throngs of people in Times Square on his lunch hour for the fifth time this week.
He stands awkwardly near the entrance to the tent, glancing around hesitantly before edging toward the vacant chair in the corner. He collapses into it and drops his head into his hands, covering his eyes with the heels of his palms.
“Yeah. And are you really going to deny your lovely brother the pleasure of your company for his dirty thirty?”
There are seats right next to him, even across from him if Cas wants some personal space. But for some godforsaken reason, reheated fish is a better lunch date than him.
That has Dean’s brows furrowing together, and he turns back, elbow over the seat. Sure enough, there’s a sizable satchel plopped between Cas and Sam, open and full to bursting with twos, twenties, and fifties.
Manuel smiles at them both, then heads back behind the bar. He digs into the mini fridge and presents them with two beers, uncapping them with an easy flick of his wrist and sliding them across the counter. “On the house,
It’s a lopsided little shack with a layer of dust so thick Dean’s nose twitches, so ramshackle that he can’t quite figure out how the damn thing is still upright. Windows are boarded up, door’s crooked, pig shit all over the place with no sign of a damn pig—and that’s just what Dean can see at first glance.
Dean grins back, tongue darting out to lick his lips. “Gotta make the most of the time we’ve got.” With that, he tucks a loose strand of hair back behind Lisa’s ear, leans in, and kisses her once more.
Cas has to stop himself from replying before the entire offer is out of Dean’s mouth, but once it is, he wastes no time in giving him a small, shy smile, one Gabriel had told him years ago makes peoples’ hearts melt. Or at least, makes them do whatever Cas wants.
, for that matter—that a vacation request from Castiel Novak comes across my desk.” She gives him a tight-lipped smile, which Cas forces himself to return.
Dean sighs—and if it’s longer and more drawn out than it has to be, well, that’s not his problem. “Yeah, if we were going on a tour or to play games and shoot the shit.” He palms around the bench of the Impala until his hand lands on his copy of
Despite their pleas, Dean stayed out of their show—”It’s your thing, Cas. I’d make it way too inside baseball”—but after Cas had caught him peeking around his book or laptop while they were watching the premiere, he’d convinced him to join them for their next watch party on Zoom.
“...are every guy who hated me in high school,” he finally says quietly, defeatedly. “The ones who were athletes and would shove me in lockers. The ones…”
“I’m not a monster, Sammy,” Dean mutters, tucking into the rest of his beer. “I like cats fine. Christ.”
Cas pauses for a few seconds. “No,” he finally concedes, and Hannah laughs while Billie smirks knowingly.
Dean grabs his own seat and raises his hands in mock surrender. “Fine, fine. Jesus.” He grabs his menu and starts scanning the dinner options. Cas tries to do the same, but he keeps finding himself glancing up at Dean.
“Good question.” Sam takes a moment or two to take in what’s around them, which, to Dean, seems like nothing but corn, corn, and, oh look, more corn. He’s about to open his mouth to tell him just that when a shrill, piercing whistle cuts through the air.
Cas watches as Dean shoves his hands deeper into his coat pockets as the wind whips around them. His cheeks are flush with cold, and he sniffs every so often.
On their way inside, Dean jerks forward when he feels Bobby cuff him around the back of the head. “Don’t think I don’t know how much time you boys have left on your sentences.”
“Listen,” Dean says, and Castiel isn’t sure, but he could swear that Dean almost sounds a little bit
There’s a pause as Dean considers this. “What about you?” Dean’s voice is soft, almost shy, and it’s such a shift from his normally outgoing demeanor that it throws Cas off guard.
,” Dean finally says, gesturing toward him. Cas snaps to attention at his name as the bartender focuses on him.
Soon enough, it’s time for them to meet up, and as much as he tries, Cas can’t stop the tiny ball of excitement from building up in his gut as they walk to the restaurant. If Sam Winchester really did have a fan club, he’d definitely count himself among its ranks. Sam had created quite the fanbase for himself as the endearing, good-natured kid who wanted nothing but the best for his older brother. America had fallen in love with Sam almost as much as Dean, and Cas would be lying if he said he wasn’t excited to meet the younger Winchester, as well.
Because tomorrow—one year, six months, and sixteen days later—come hell or high water, Dean Winchester’s getting out.
“Radio’s a man’s game.” She says it quick and sure, like it’s something she’s been forced to address for ages now, and Dean realizes guiltily that she probably has. “Might’a been. Ain’t now.” Their continued silence must be enough of an answer in itself, because she’s glaring now, arms crossed over her chest. “Do you sirs got yourselves a radio station?”
Cas rolls his eyes. “I still don’t understand why you didn’t just bring a change of clothes to the gym so we could leave right from there.”
The bar is packed when Castiel enters, and he takes a deep breath as he starts making his way through the throngs of people. He cranes his neck and finally catches Balthazar sprawled out in a booth near the back, located underneath a statue of a scantily clad female pirate. Castiel feels like her hollow eyes are following him, and he shudders uncomfortably before sliding into the booth across from his friend.
“She’s beautiful,” breathes Kevin Tran. He’s young, a children’s librarian from San Francisco, and practically has his face pressed up against the window like an excited kid at a museum. Lisa waves to the limo in general, and the entire group practically melts into the floor.
Judging by Dean’s nervous little smile and the way his skin flushes under the freckles brushed across the bridge of his nose (which, how the hell did Cas not notice those last night?), Cas said it just fine.
Chuck claps his hands together to get the attention back on him. “You’ll have to complete a series of household challenges, starting with dressing your baby,” he says, gesturing toward the changing table stations rife with doll clothes. “Then, with babies in tow—safely, of course!” He laughs, and a few of the men toss a couple of pity chuckles his way. “—you’ll unclog a drain, vacuum up a mess, search through dirty laundry for a fake wedding ring, and set the table for your romantic dinner with Lisa. Whoever can get this done first will get the chance to spend the evening on a one-on-one date with Lisa!
He ain’t leaving anytime soon, and as the three of them trudge along a dirt path after hopping off the handcar, Dean isn’t sure he’s particularly
Dean scoffs. “Sam’ll take him out later. That dog has more energy than...most things, actually. Jack’s just my speed. Just let me know if I’m gonna hit shit, the usual,” he says as he starts down the walkway.
Dean shouldn't even be going this way; there aren't any grocery or liquor stores in this part of town, but Bumblebee Bakery is, and that's all Dean really cares about, as much as he tries to convince himself otherwise.
, but against his better judgment, he also doesn’t want to stop spending time with Dean, as confusing and infuriating and stunning as he might be.
” he’s not entirely sure, but he thinks he may’ve pulled Cas close, judging by the way the man goes stiff under his arm, “—I never expect to see you again. For I’m bound to ride that northern railroad—”
Castiel hasn’t heard from Dean or Sam in three days, and he starts to wonder if maybe he won’t have to go through with this, after all. Dean had
Dean feels like he’s gonna be sick, like he could collapse at any second. He failed—again. Himself, sure, but more important, Sammy and Cas. He worries his lower lip between his teeth, listening to Sam and Cas put up the same fight he’d done, only to surely end up in the same place he’s at. The man behind him ushers him down the steps, and he squeezes his eyes shut, hands clenched into fists behind his back. All his talk about no going back had been just that, talk. He squeezes his eyes shut and hopes against hope that he’ll be able to see them and apologize one last time.
Cas beams and replies, “I love you, too,” before pulling Dean into another embrace punctuated with cheers and applause from the entire city of Boston.
It’d taken a while, sure—one year, six months, fifteen days, to be exact—but he doesn’t even give the heavy irons clamped around his feet a second thought anymore. They’re just
Cas chokes on his water and presses a fist to his chest, coughing. His brothers glance at each other and make a split-second decision as Cas tries to pull himself together.
Cas rolls his eyes and smacks him on the chest, which just makes Dean laugh more. “You’re disgusting.”
Dean spins on his heel and glares at Cas. The high he’d been riding from last night is long gone, replaced by the gravity of what
“Are there any more turns coming up?” Dean asks. “‘m ready to kick more of ‘em in the ass, let’s go.”
Lisa is standing in the middle of the room wearing a maroon sheath dress, studying all the books in the shelves lining the walls, and looks up at the sound of Dean’s shoes tapping against the freshly polished floor. She beams at him and laughs when he whistles.
“It must’ve been hard to find some free time in your busy schedule,” Cas says, tapping his pen on the table. “How
Cas’ brows furrow together at Dean’s sudden change of heart, and he glances behind him. “There’s plenty of room in here—”
“Say your goodbyes,” they respond in unison, raising their drinks high before taking a long sip and hitting PLAY.
Dean barks out a laugh and shifts so that he’s facing in the direction of Aiden’s voice. “It’s special, one of a kind,” he says, his voice taking on a conspiratorial whisper. He pauses, then adds, “It’s like a lightsaber. You ever seen
As they slowly start to pick up the pace, Castiel lets his mind wander. He glances at Dean every so often, but if he’s being honest with himself, it’s more to admire the way his calf muscles move as he runs, the way he tends to chew on his bottom lip when he seems to be struggling. The last thing on his mind is making sure that Dean doesn’t run into anything, and if the last session is any indication, Dean is convinced that he can take care of himself.
Before Charlie can respond, there’s a faint knock on the door frame, and all four of them whirl around. Dean Winchester,
Cas closes his eyes and takes a deep breath before unwrapping the candy bar. So much for subtle. “I didn’t think I was
“Did you look in it?” Dean demands, head snapping back up to stare at Cas, his voice coming out a bit more harsh than he’d intended.
His fingers trail along her cheekbones, over the bridge of her nose, and he’s not sure what this exercise is supposed to achieve; it’s just making him feel awkward.
Things are going well, until Cas feels Dean startle a little around mile twelve, when the screaming seems to get ten times louder than normal.
“I’ll drink to that,” Dean says, raising his glass in a toast that Sam and Cas reciprocate. Their glasses clink together and they waste no time knocking their drinks back. Dean doesn’t stop until the thing is nearly three-quarters drained.
The decision is suddenly made for him when the heavy front door creaks open, and a white cane poking out onto the porch, quickly followed by Dean’s body, and goddamn if Castiel’s breath doesn’t catch in his throat again.
And fuck it, now it’s Dean’s turn to admire the art. He takes a step forward, his confidence growing with every second that passes without objection from Cas, and ghosts his fingers along Cas’ cheek, his jaw, his lips. He’s just staring, wondering how the fuck this managed to happen, what Cas’ lips are going to feel like against his own, against his neck, his chest, when he remembers—
For the first time in their brief conversation, Sam looks uncomfortable. Castiel guesses that he doesn’t look this way often, and waits for an explanation.
in movies, you idiot!” She worries her lower lip with her teeth before looking at Castiel again; he can tell she’s trying to calm herself down. “At least you didn’t grab his hand and force him to do it,” she murmurs, more to herself than him. “Listen, Castiel--would you like it if somebody asked to touch your face?”
sorry,” Sam says, reaching out to shake Castiel’s hand. “We should’ve called or something to let you know we were running late.”
The admission’s simple, but something about it has Dean’s heart clenching in his chest. It passes soon enough, though, replaced by the realization that while they may be penniless again, they’ve still got their heads, and really, ain’t that all they need to find Cas?
The place had looked deserted from the outside, but Dean and Lisa are immediately greeted by a wave of whoops and cheers the second they enter the main hall. It’s packed with people, cell phones trained on the couple as a band starts crooning a slow, romantic country song on the stage at the end of the hall.
It’s more information than Dean had learned in going on nine months, and he files it away with the other meager tidbits he’d managed to gather. “No brothers,” he repeats. “Noted. So, uh, what about sisters? Any siblings at all?”
“Good food,” Dean says, and this time, he definitely steps closer to Cas, and Cas straightens immediately when he feels Dean’s hand ghost along his lower back. Can is about to instinctively lean into the touch when Dean’s hand is gone again, and he’s moved over to the fridge, which is conveniently right next to Cas, and Cas’ heart sinks. Dean was just trying to get to the fridge. That was all.
“Five a.m.,” she repeats faintly. “Right. Well, Sam and I will get donuts or something, and I’ll try not to fall asleep on their couch. Sounds like a plan.”
“Then yes,” Cas says decidedly, lifting their hands and pressing a kiss to Dean’s. “And I’d rather we have control of the way it comes out.”
“Uh, ma’am?” Sam finally calls out. “Ma’am, if you’d be so kind, I’m wondering if you might have room for me and my two friends here to hitch a ride? Not far, only a few miles.”
Cas nods. It makes complete sense—Dean had gone through a traumatic event, so him dealing with depression is practically a given, but it's still hard for Cas to accept the fact that the normally rambunctious, high-energy, ridiculously snarky Dean Winchester is missing, replaced with a quiet shell of himself. For the first time since they'd started running together, Cas feels a little spot of emptiness in his chest, a spot Dean had carved out and inadvertently made himself at home in, and now that Dean’s regular self isn’t there, that spot feels cold and hollow and unwelcoming. He shifts uncomfortably on the couch in the living room, wringing his hands together in his lap. "I can't imagine what it must be like for him," he says softly.
They spend a few moments in silence, nothing but the occasional stop announcement and chatter of other passengers around them. Cas spends the first part of the ride gazing out the window at the dark concrete walls of the subway tunnel, but his attention is caught by Dean’s reflection in the tempered glass.
The dining hall is packed, and it takes them a few laps around the hall before they can find an open table. They’re finally able to snag one near the bulletin board, where a bright pink flyer catches Dean’s eye.
“I understand you’re not interested,” Cas goes on, trying to regain his composure, even just a little. “It stings, but I’m an adult. I can handle it. But I really don’t appreciate you flipping back and forth on what you actually want to do. It’s—”
A few moments later, someone squeals from across the beach that they saw something shoot across the sky. Cas and Dean look up immediately, and their faces are lit up as the shower begins. Streaks of white light flash across the inky blackness of the sky, and Cas knows right then that this is
For a few seconds, Dean’s too stunned to react, but he recovers fast, grabbing Cas by the shoulder and whirling him back around to face them. “What the hell are you doing?”
Cas opens his mouth, but can't think of a way to ask what he wants to know besides "Why doesn't your dad like you," and he figures that won't go over well, so he opts to stay silent instead.
“I...why else would he drop out? Come on, free food, all the booze he can drink, and a summer surrounded by gorgeous men
Cas is barely out of Charlie’s apartment before he’s back on his phone, thumbing over to Dean’s Instagram account. Dean is still following him, and the
Cas startles a little when he feels Dean take his hand, but he squeezes it and gives him a small smile when Dean squeezes back. “Ready.”
Dean is silent for the next few minutes, pondering the menu before their waitress arrives to take their orders. He decides on a bacon cheeseburger—extra bacon, extra cheese, extra fries—and Cas wrinkles his nose when Dean hands the menu back to the waitress with a crooked grin.
,” he breathes, watching as the man he ran into looks up. He looks at Dean with startled blue eyes, and Dean feels like he’s just gotten the wind knocked out of him. He looks the guy up and down as discreetly as possible--which is, not very discreetly at all--mussed dark hair, a wrinkled burgundy pullover sweater, and dark, worn-out jeans, and, well, color Dean impressed.
Dean stiffens. “Oh. Uh, no.” He keeps running his hand along the steering wheel, letting his fingers trail over the ridges absently. “I have this thing called RP. Retinitis pigmentosa. And basically, I just lost my sight.”
Castiel furrows his brow at the question as he tries to remember when exactly he started running, an activity that’s become such a staple in his life that he can’t imagine a day without it.
. The thing’s a monster, and in retrospect, Dean should be glad Cas hadn’t smacked him with it instead of his thin little paperback.
“Yeah.” Dean’s voice is low and still heavy with sleep, but it’s the least amount of attitude that he’s given Castiel so far, so he takes it as progress and starts off at a slow jog. It takes them a few seconds to sync up their strides--running with a partner is one thing, but running while
As the days pass, Cas realizes that he hates being on watch over Winchester, but not for the reason he’d expected.
“I’d be honored,” he says, leaning forward so that she can pin the rose to his jacket. Once it’s been fastened to the fabric and she sits back, he flashes her a soft smile and scoots forward, closing the few remaining inches between them.
“Brother,” Dean says simply. “He kept wanting me to listen to it, I kept brushing it off, then I finally humored him one night and heard that goddamn ‘Yorktown’ song and,” he snaps his fingers, “that was that.”
Sam chuckles to himself and takes another sip of his drink. “You two are cute,” he says, smiling at Cas, and Cas’ cheeks go hot. He searches Sam’s face for any sort of crack, a hint that he’s lying or just telling Cas something he knows he wants to hear. He’s unnerved to find nothing of the sort.
