Somewhere in his mind, he knew the sound was just coming through the speakers, but it felt different somehow, as if it were echoing in his brain. He frowned and took a few more steps, listening intently at a song he only partly recognized. It hit him all at once.
"Cool.  Well have a seat. Dinner's ready." He motioned toward the table and picked up the wooden spoon again.  "Cassie, would you grab some glasses? And was that a pie you just put in my fridge?"
Cas's words hung thick and heavy in the air between them for a moment as Dean's mouth fell open in stunned indignation. They stood there staring angrily at each other, the tension in the room growing more and more palpable until Dean finally couldn't stand it any longer.
Cas nodded weakly and reached out, wrapping his arms around Dean's neck.  He didn't want to admit it, but he was feeling physically and emotionally drained, and still, he was achingly hard.
Dean didn't even give him time to finish his sentence before he pounced.  "Talk dirty to me."  He licked his lips in anticipation. Now
much better," Cas breathed as he sat back up, cross-legged at the edge of the van, still simpering shyly as he watched Dean change into his dry socks and shoes.
The bedroom door was open, and a floor lamp in the corner had been left on, and Dean could hear faint snoring as he quietly stepped into the room. Cas was in bed, curled up on his side with a book in hand, as if he had tried to wait up but failed. The blankets were only drawn up to his waist, and much to Dean's surprise, he was shirtless.
Cas was ready to explode.  He was ticklish to begin with, but he was also horny as hell, and the closer Dean got, the louder he moaned. His legs were twitching, and he was struggling against the ties binding his wrists, needing to just grab onto something, wanting to touch Dean.
Thankful that at least Sam hadn't seen him before he put pants on, he took the fastest shower of his life and then began to get dressed. He didn't want to put his club clothes on yet, so he slipped his sleep pants back on and pulled a comfy old NOFX concert tee out of his bag.  Dean always teased him when he wore his old punk t-shirts to bed. For some reason, it tickled him that straight-laced, khaki-wearing Cas was apparently a secret hardcore punk kid. He reached into his bag and swiped on some deodorant, brushed his teeth, and he sighed as he realized he'd forgotten to pack socks.
Cas took his skates and examined them closely. "I don't even know why this freaks me out," he sighed. "Why am I'm so bad at trying new things? There are so many things I wish my parents had encouraged me to do when I was younger. I always wanted to play sports and join school clubs, but they kept us kind of sheltered."
"I told you dress warm," Dean laughed.  "Don't worry, I brought spares. Thought we'd make a little pit stop before I take you home... is that okay?"
"I don't know!" Cas grumbled in frustration.  "A normal amount?  I don't know anything about human mating rituals, Dean!  I've been around for thousands of years, but I've never seen humans..." he paused.  "Getting
Cas didn't respond, but the tears started coming harder now, and he was taking big gasps of air in between convulsing sobs.  He wrapped his arms around Dean's waist and held on for dear life.
Cas nodded.  "Okay. Let's dry off then."  Again, he leaned down and effortlessly scooped Dean out of the tub, this time placing his feet on the floor and helping him stand.  He worked over every inch of him with a fluffy, white towel, and Dean relaxed this time, a wave of calm washing over him as he gave himself over completely.
"Well we're going to try not to let that happen.  How sweet are you, offering to give little Sammy your McDonald's, anyway?"  Cas leaned in to gently nuzzle at his neck.
Cas whimpered as Dean pressed into him again, kissing up his neck and shoulder, and he tried clumsily to position his forearms on either side of the sink for leverage.
Sam looked up from his coffee in wide-eyed surprise.   "Yeah.  Uh, sure, Dee. Go on ahead, I'll be there in a minute."  He waited until Dean was well out of the room before speaking again.
"Well that's good.  You said you weren't feeling much of anything when we last spoke on the phone, correct?"
It's 3 a.m. here, I'm tired, and I'm sure this needs another minor edit, but I really wanted to publish this before I head out for a few days.
snuggling, but usually it was either when he was coming down from sex or when he thought that closeness might
"Some guy. In the bathroom," Cas answered, clinging even tighter.  "He caught me off guard. I didn't mean to swallow it, Dean! But right now, I'm kind of glad I did. Do you know I just walked right through the crowd? Right through the middle! And I feel like I can talk to anyone!" he exclaimed. "It's so weird!"
"Good," Cas grabbed the remote from his hand and tossed it on the bed.  "But how about now?"  He pulled him closer, and slowly slipped Dean's button-down shirt off of his arms, letting it fall to the floor behind him.
"Shit, I've got to be to work soon," she grumbled, sitting up and fixing the skirt that was twisted up around her waist.  "Have you seen my panties?  Wait, here they are."   She huffed as she struggled to put them on, trying not to kick Dean in the cramped backseat.
"Rough day," Dean nodded.  "Fuckin' wendigo got to me.  Knocked me out and took me god-knows-where.  I woke up tied up and hanging in some cave..." He subconsciously rubbed at the purple rope marks on his wrists.  "It threw Sammy. I think he broke something, but he's being a stubborn bastard."
of that programming. You don't have to get over everything all at once. I mean, you're far less anxious about being naked, and being touched. And about touching
"Good boy. Let me play with that pretty little ass of yours," Dean whispered. Using spit for lube, he ever-so-gently dipped his finger in and out a few times while Cas clutched desperately at the bed sheets. Despite the slight discomfort, Cas found himself shoving his ass up higher, wanting, needing more.
Dr. Mitchell scribbled on her pad.  "Did anything trigger this?  Did something upset you, or were you in an overwhelming situation?"
"Who knows," Cas sighed.  "I just organized these last night!  No way in hell they were that bad.  We were only open two hours after I left!  I swear to God, she just hates me." He'd been feeling that way more and more lately, to the point he dreaded coming to work.  Of course, it could partially be his anxiety and depression, but working under
Gabriel ruffled his hair as he walked by, then flopped down in the recliner across from him.  Wordlessly, they sat and watched the end of a Doctor Who rerun together before Cas finally spoke.
Charlie nodded.  "Yep.  She 'has a meeting', supposedly.  You know, like the meetings all the people in other districts say she's never been to?" she laughed.
"Nothing," Cas said, quickly shaking his head vehemently.   "I'm fine."  Just his luck, his voice cracked as he spoke and his eyes welled up again. He turned away quickly,  hoping Dean wouldn't notice.
"Hmmm, I think the spaghetti carbonara is my favorite. The linguini with scallops is good if you like seafood.  The puttanesca is nice.  The ravioli are huge and delicious... Uh.  I like it all," he admitted sheepishly.
"Okay..." Dean took a moment to collect himself before stepping behind him again. "Let's do that one..."
"You've had such a rough day.  Why don't I blow you and then you can fall asleep?" Dean crooned, completely straight-faced.
"Dammit, Cas, " Dean mumbled.   He pulled open the shower curtain and stepped inside, clothing be damned.  "Hey," he said softly, wrapping his arms around Cas's trembling frame.
"When it doesn't matter!" Cas exclaimed.  "When I can fake a smile and tell them what they want to hear!  I'm great at being insincere," he laughed bitterly.  "I don't even have many friends!  And no close ones, they're more like
Dean smirked as he continued planting kisses over Cas's chest and stomach.  "My baby is horny," he whispered.  "Aren't you, sweetheart?"
"Uh," Sam fumbled.  "A little," he admitted.  "But I guess it's okay.  I'll just stay out of your way.  I mean, how the hell am I supposed to act around you two if you're doing..."  he paused, "...
"Glad to hear it. Oh, this is my friend Cas," he said, suddenly remembering his manners.  "Cas, this old sonofabitch is Henry."
She nodded, a slight hint of a smile turning up the corners of her lips. "So what happened when you texted?"
Several rides later, their feet were soaked as the snow and cold began seeping into their shoes.  Cas was shivering, but he wasn't quite ready to go yet.  "I'm so cold," he murmured.  "Are your feet freezing?"
Cas sighed.  "Alright.  Well regardless, you're clearly tired, so why don't we head upstairs and watch Netflix in bed?"
"Hey, I was cheering for you at first. Of course, by round three I was over it... But seriously, Cassie.
asking me if I started dating you because I felt bad for you?"he asked, not even trying to hide his offense.
Cas walked to the mini-fridge and pulled out a juice box, then grabbed a box of animal crackers from the nearby shelf.  He'd recently set up the refrigerator as a place to hide their little-snacks, despite Dean's protest.  Of course, once Dean realized he could also keep cold beer in his
you want the cartoon one.  Hold on."  He fumbled with the remote control again until he found the cartoon version.  "Better?"
"Moral support then!" Dean teased.  "Come on."  Grabbing Cas's hand, he dragged him into the kitchen and opened the door to a small wine fridge."Do you know what he's cooking?" he asked.
"Or at least passed out," Dean teased.  "You've come a long way from our first date, that's for sure.
After a heavy dinner of cheesy pasta and crusty, buttered bread for dinner, followed by an even richer cheesecake for dessert, Cas crashed back down on Gabriel's couch.  He had to admit, albeit grudgingly, coming here had been more beneficial for him than staying home in his bed.  For as much as he wanted to shut out the world when he was depressed, wallowing usually just made him feel worse.  Besides, he was at Gabe's place often enough that it just felt like an extension of his house.  He didn't even have to physically leave his safe place to come visit.
Cas just whimpered, the feeling of Dean's weight and heat on top of him making him dizzy with possessive longing. He wrapped his arms around him tightly, pressing him as close as possible.
Sam's eyes widened. "You work at a library? I've been thinking about going to school for library science! Do you like it? What's it like, anyway?"
Cas gritted his teeth as one particularly aggressive woman leaned into Dean's personal space, running a finger down his cheek. He couldn't quite hear what she was saying, but he didn't have to. The way she stared up at him, coyly biting her lip said it all. He scowled and sighed loudly. She was gorgeous, he supposed, if you were into that kind of thing. Unfortunately, knowing that Dean was bisexual just gave him added insecurity sometimes, even though he knew it was completely irrational. The woman flipped her hair and smiled, and Cas could almost hear her stupid giggle from his spot on the stool. He tapped his foot restlessly. Dean's facial expressions remained calm and neutral throughout this, but the woman relentlessly continued. When she asked for a selfie, Dean obliged, and just as she clicked the button, she leaned in and kissed Dean on the cheek.
"Hey!" Dean grinned at him.  "There you are." He slung his arm around Cas's shoulder and quickly excused himself from the crowd.
Voices were coming from the main room now, and he looked himself over in the mirror once more to be sure he looked presentable.  He wasn't sure why the thought of meeting Dean's brother was making him so nervous. Taking a deep breath, he slowly stepped out of the bathroom.
Sam stared down at his coffee mug, trying his best to be understanding, but this was really pushing the limits of his open-mindedness.   He rubbed at his face tiredly.  "So Dean is pretending to be a child?  Is this some weird sex-kink thing?" he asked.  "Remember,
, looking at him like that?  He had been with a lot of women, but the only one who ever looked at him like that was Lisa, and even that had made him feel uncomfortable.
gotta take care of your ass.  Now sit down, shut up, and have some caprese salad while you wait for the lasagna."
"Mmmm," Dean hummed happily as he sat up and tugged Cas's pajama pants off, tossing them to the floor.  "Now you get to take mine off."
Dean held up a finger to instruct him to wait, and he trotted back out to the living room to find his jacket. He returned a minute later grinning like an idiot and dangling Cas's collar brown leather collar from his fingers. "Please?" he asked with a mischievous grin.
It was Christmas Eve night, and as usual, Cas was baking their traditional selection of pies rather than Christmas cookies. Despite Gabriel's insistence on doing all the cooking, Cas usually managed to at least wrestle away dessert duty. With the dishes taken care of, he turned his attention to wiping down the counters, and he had hadn't quite finished when the doorbell rang.
Cas smiled and began unbuckling his paw mitts.  "Thank you for humoring me. So... What do you think?"
-big, but he's a hot up-and-coming, yeah.  Pretty well-known in New York, anyway.  I've been to some of his parties.  He's really good.  Shit, Cassie, when you said he was a DJ I thought it was some kid playing songs on his laptop for bar mitzvahs.  And you're right -  I suppose if you're into that sort of thing he's a good-looking guy.  You think Anna was bad, you should
"Mmphhh." Cas slid his lips down around the shaft and slowly bobbed his head as he concentrated on giving Dean the best damn blowjob of his life. He never thought he'd enjoy giving head so much, but turning Dean into a gasping, whimpering, puddle gave him a dizzying sense of euphoria.  He'd even come to crave Dean's salty, musky taste on his tongue... In small doses, of course.
Cas beamed.   "Good.   Why don't you sit down and color for a bit, while I get your treat?"  He pointed to the coffee table where a big pile of coloring books and crayons lay.
Even Cas, who was not always good at reading human emotions,  could sense Sam's obvious discomfort, so he decided he might need a little help. "What did you like when you were eight, Sammy?" he asked.  "What kind of things did you like to do?  What cartoons did you watch?  What was your favorite food?"
Gabriel grinned. "Whaaaat, I can't just request your presence without needing anything?" He opened the cupboard above the refrigerator and pulled out a small, red wrapped package. "Merry Christmas, bro."
"Hmm," Dean chewed thoughtfully.  "Well, my work takes up a lot of my life, to be honest. But in my spare time I'm a bit of a movie buff.  I'm a big concert-goer.  Even when I'm not working, music is a big part of my life.  I have a pair of rats named Iggy and Ziggy.  Named after Iggy Pop and the Starman, of course.  What kind of music are you into?"
Gabriel choked on the soda he had just sipped.  "Wait.  I thought he didn't touch you?" he asked, reaching for a napkin to dab off his shirt.
like you," Gabriel groaned, yet inexplicably unable to stop grinning.  "Well boys, I really don't know how to segue from this conversation, so why don't you all go into the living room and find a Christmas movie or something while I clean up?" he finally managed.
oblivious. So you're going to be my little 'gift'. A 'token of my appreciation', if you will. More importantly, my debt will be settled and that's that. Nothing worse than owing
Dean smiled.  "I'm on Team Get Cas Pleasuring Himself, at least!  I'm going to buy you some lube and we'll practice together on the phone every night," he winked.
Cas jumped as Gabriel gave him a swift kick under the table.  "Oh!  Um.  C-Cas.  It's Cas.  From the library?"
Dean looked up, attempting to flag Cas over to the circle of people, but Cas just smiled and shook his head. He'd rather quietly watch Dean in his element, even if he was feeling a slight pang of jealousy at the woman who was currently flirting with him.
Actually, his brother might be straight, but he had always been pretty open about being 'down for whatever'.
Cas whimpered excitedly and bit his lip in an attempt to quiet himself.   This demanding, alpha side of Dean was driving him ten kinds of crazy.  He'd never given himself over so fully and completely to anyone, and all he wanted was for Dean to
"Mmm.  I can still dishes clanking out there.  They'll be a good fifteen, twenty minutes..." he said, bucking his hips gently and making Cas whimper.
Dean took a deep breath through his nose, keeping his jaw slack.  He sat perfectly still, focusing on the warmth of Cas's skin, and the salty taste of sweat on the tip of his tongue.  Cas's fingertips were soothingly scrubbing against his scalp, and the leather collar around his neck was snug, a constant reminder of his place.
"Right?" Gabe beamed. "You look good!  Okay, you might have to wear socks if you're outside since it's winter and all, but you can pull that off.  But come spring?  No socks.  Now just sex it up a bit. Unbutton that top button," he instructed, reaching over to pop it open. "And... oh, wait here a sec." He hurried off to the bathroom and returned with a container of hair pomade and unscrewed the lid, handing it to Cas.
Dean dipped down again, sliding his tongue around the swollen head before flicking across the slit, and Cas groaned louder.
"Dean," Cas whispered nervously.  His breathing was heavy and he could feel himself trembling already.
and it gave him a bit of anxiety.   It certainly didn't help when he already felt a bit dirty, but he'd never even
"Don't be.  Why don't you see if you can leave here and go home to rest, okay?  You're probably going to feel like shit the rest of the day, huh?"
"What show did you always make Dee watch, even though he hated it? " Cas asked, suddenly remembering discussion he'd had with Dean.
"Quiet," Dean demanded.   He knotted his fingers in Cas's hair and bent him over the counter, then grabbed his hips and began thrusting again, harder this time.
"No," Sam stopped him.  "Don't.  We don't have to talk about it if it makes you uncomfortable.  Just... don't worry so much,  alright?  Everything's fine.  Really.  And for fuck's sake, don't go starving yourself."
"It was! It is!  I can't explain it!  I'm horny, okay?  Take this damn tail out and get on me already!"
"Oh?" Dean frowned and pulled back for a second, tilting Cas's face towards his.  "What do you mean?"
Some days it was hard to believe he'd come this far.  It was a far cry from the first time he 'played DJ' at a family party when he was ten years old, making mix tapes from songs he'd recorded on the radio.  Nowadays his parties were becoming so big, celebrities showed up from time to time.
been a bit better overall lately..." he trailed off. "I've had a few bad depression days, but the anxiety hasn't been too bad.  Maybe if I can just stay with you, I'll be okay..."
His release flooded Cas's mouth and Cas gagged at the hot, salty liquid on his tongue before he managed to swallow it down.  As much as he disliked the taste, part of him also craved more, and he bobbed and sucked frantically again as Dean moaned his name.
to like it.  But I hate shoveling.  I hate driving in it.  I hate the ice, and the whiteouts.  If I had zero responsibilities again, I'd love it.  I miss being young and playing in the snow.  Building snowmen, and snowball fights.  When I was little, we lived near this park with a huge hill.  It was awesome for sled riding.  God, we did that for hours sometimes..."
Tom shut off the phone and left it on the nightstand next to him. "Okay. Have fun, I guess," he shrugged and walked out of the room. "Damn boss has lost his fucking mind," he mumbled to himself as he closed the door behind him.
"Hey, hey, hey," he rasped, wrapping his arms around him.  "You're okay.  Everything's gonna be fine."
"Come here, sweetheart," Dean whispered gently, letting his fingertips graze the side of Cas's cheek. Like magic, Cas's eyes fluttered closed at the delicate touch and before his brain had time to panic, Dean's lips pressed softly against his, once, twice... By the third time, Cas let his hands wander, allowing himself to caress Dean's face and hair, and by the fourth, he was kissing back.  He knew he was awkward and fumbling, but for just a moment, he forgot about being anxious. The kisses were sweet and chaste, but with the unspoken tension between them, they were plenty intense, and Cas heard himself groan at the frustration of wanting
Cas just laughed and continued slow, gentle rubbing motions for a few minutes until Dean's entire body suddenly buckled.
"Alright, alright, Cas.  I'll try.  But mostly I'm going to stay out of your way.  Where is he, anyway?"
"Well, It's been a long time since we adjusted your medication.  I think just a slightly higher dose may help.  I'm also going to add a daily Ativan to take for a while.  That should take the edge off your anxiety while we work through this.  You'll still have the sublingual one for panic attacks, okay?"
Dean just laughed as he was hit in the face by a hot stream of come and he wiped it away with the back of his hand before wrapping a fist around Cas's cock.  "That's it.  Come for me," he said as he pumped firmly, making Cas cry out again in pleasure.
"No, no no..." he muttered, standing up and rubbing at his face. "What am I going to do?" Maybe, he reasoned, it was just a panic pill, like his Ativan. He
Cas took a deep breath and sighed happily. "That was amazing.  And it didn't really hurt..." he said softly, still somewhat surprised by this revelation.
When the door finally swung open, he made his move. He lunged at the unsuspecting figure, immediately wrapping one hand around the man's mouth and the other around his torso as the man struggled and tried to yell.
While he had started at age four, they'd found that Dean's seemed to respond best around eight or nine years old.  It made sense, Cas decided, since that was when Dean began taking on more responsibility for his brother. For as hard as John Winchester tried, taking care of little Sammy full-time was when Dean's childhood ended.
Cas laughed.  He paused for a minute and frowned as he suddenly remembered something.   "...that's the second time you've called me that."
.  This was a lot of pressure.  It was all way too much to think about right now.   He scratched his jaw anxiously and tried to focus on the television.
Dean chuckled at first, but quickly snapped into defensive mode as someone at the next table roared with hysterical laughter. He frowned and shot the man a threatening look before grabbing Cas's arm and pulling him closer.
those things.  All this time, he didn't know how much he needed it, and the sudden realization that maybe, just
Cas hissed in pleasure and pulled him as close as possible, writhing and moaning as Dean rubbed against him. He was so delirious with need, feeling a bit weepy and overstimulated in the best possible way. Every time Dean kissed or licked or nibbled at him, he shivered at how sensitive his skin had become. The music was still playing, and it still felt as if it were coming from inside him somehow, coursing through his veins, syncing with his heartbeat. His body was so warm and tingly, especially with Dean on top of him, and though he was horny, it was more about the closeness and emotional connection than getting off.
"I'm fucking soaked," Johnny grumbled, lamenting his sopping wet clothes. "Can you take him the rest of the way?" he asked, handing over control of the leash.
Dean sighed again and shrugged. "The short story?  My mom killed herself when I was fifteen. She took a bottle of pills.  I found her. Dad kind of went crazy after that.  Shot himself a few months later.  I was the one who found him too."
He had already had a few drinks, and had just navigated to the Busty Asian Beauties website when a gust of wind sent the papers on his desk flying.
Cas wasn't looking at him though; he was staring at the bulge in his pants. He licked his lips nervously. "I want to." Slowly, he unbuttoned and unzipped Dean's pants, then timidly pulled them down to his knees.  His breath caught in his throat as he steeled his nerves, and he yanked down Dean's already-damp boxer briefs. "Y-you're really hard," he stammered.
"Oh, thank God," Dean mumbled to himself.  "That makes this easier.  Well, there's a dominant and a submissive person, right?  Well... before engaging in any sort of kink, most people use safewords.  If something gets too intense, either person can just say that word, and the other stops."
"Uh uh.  It's just you and me here," Dean continued.  "No need to look around.  Besides, if you haven't noticed, you have a
Dean nodded.  He walked to his dresser and dug through the bottom drawer until he found a brown leather pair of bondage cuffs.
Dean beamed proudly.  "I swear to God, Cas, you're fucking amazing. Then you probably know he has a new album coming out..."
"Alright," Dean stood and slipped a headset mic onto his head, then pressed a button.  "Hey, Dave.  You ready to soundcheck?"
Cas positioned himself in front of the cues and stared, carefully considering the merits of each one. "The blue-handled one is nice," he mused. "But the one with red stripes is a bit heavier, and..."
Cas moaned and threw himself into his work, alternating sucking with long, wet strokes of his tongue, and pumping with his fist. His hips were moving now, bucking gently toward Dean's hand, wordlessly asking for more, and when that finger slipped inside of him, he still yelped.
If Cas inevitably grew hard, he'd warm his cock in other ways, but for now, his eyelids were growing heavy.  He glanced up for just a moment, taking a final reassurance from those those deep, ocean-blue eyes.
Cas let out a sigh of relief as the gag came off, and just as he took a deep breath, a garbled noise that sounded suspiciously like a sob escaped him.   "Dean," he managed weakly.
Despite the lights and television being off, it wasn't pitch dark.  The blinds were still open, and the streetlight reflecting off the pristine, white snow gave the room a spft glow as Cas blinked tiredly into the dusky room.  He was so warm and comfortable he didn't want to move, but he immediately tensed as he realized he was lying on the couch, cuddled up close to Dean.
"I...I know," Sam stammered.  "But it's obvious how much Dean benefits from this.  If I'm the only thing making him nervous then... I... I want to help," he finished awkwardly.   "I can do this, Cas.  Dean took care of me when I was a kid, but as adults we've always taken care of each other.  Whatever he needs, I can do it."
"Dean! What are you... ohhhh!" He felt Dean chuckle in the back of his throat, and the rumbling vibrated against him, making him gasp in pleasure.
Well this time, Dean decided, he wasn't letting Cas out of his sight until they fixed him - and they
Dean grunted as his hips stuttered and he arched his back wantonly.  "Casss," he groaned.  "Mmm.  Yeah, yeah, yesss, ohhhhh," he panted, finally crashing down on top of him.  "Oh god, Cas... You okay?"
"Hmm," Cas hummed to himself. "Would you consider being intimate with a male again? Not 'sex' per se, but..."
"No," Cas mused.  "It doesn't suit you.  Hmmm..." he thought for a few moments.  "Bumblebee.  You are definitely my Little Bumblebee," he grinned.
Cas shrugged and sat down at the kitchen table.  "You're the chef."  Gabriel owned a bakery in the city, and had a sweet tooth to match, so Cas was forever his guinea pig when trying new recipes.  Not that he was complaining. Over the years, he'd developed a bit of a sweet tooth himself, and he'd even begun baking a bit.  But while Gabriel could whip up whatever sugary confection you could dream of, Cas had focused his talents on making the perfect pie.  It was an accomplishment he was pretty proud of, considering his brother's enthusiastic approval.
Cas nodded slowly. "I just can't help but think that could be me if I didn't have Gabe. Being I'm off work and sick... I just finally started getting my long-term disability payments, and it's not much. I'm getting better, but if this gone on longer, what would I have done? I see how easily things can happen..."
"Cas!"  Anna burst through the break room door.  "You okay?  Charlie told me.  Do you want to leave?"
"Now,"  Cas waved his hand toward the bathroom, letting a tiny bit of white light spill from his palm.  "Dean will be hiding out for a while, I'm sure, so go take your shower.  There are clothes on the counter for you.  Once you put them on, come down to the living room and we'll have a trial run.  While you're in littlespace, you'll be referred to as 'Sammy', among other pet names.  Hmm.  I call Dee 'Bumblebee'... I'm going to need a cute pet name for you too..."
Dean's head suddenly popped in from beyond the shower curtain. "What are you..." he paused as Cas struggled to stand, frowning in concern as he glimpsed his red nose and tear-stained cheeks.  "Cas?  What's wrong?"
Cas groaned internally.  This was way too overwhelming. His hips were thrusting gently, trying to rub against Dean, but his body was just out of reach.  He also couldn't seem to control the fact that he was making horribly embarrassing little gasps and whimpers.  With Dean taunting and kissing him, teasing his nipples with his tongue and sucking at the side of his neck... It was too much.  He was frustratingly hard but the feeling in his groin was warning him that he wouldn't last much longer.
"M'not gonna, unless you tell me to.  But let's do this right..." He crawled to the top of the bed and unknotted the tie, freeing Cas's aching arms. "Better?" he asked, gently rubbing his wrists, and bringing each one to his lips to kiss them.
Cas grinned.  "Of course. Will you excuse us, Sam? "  Dean's eyes were glazed over already in anticipation as Cas grabbed him by the arm and led him up to the bedroom.
"Okay, baby. Let's just listen to the music and rest until this passes," Dean murmured, softly kissing his forehead.  "It probably won't be much longer."
"Ah, shit, tell me you've never... Nevermind.  Look, Cas.  Porn dialogue is never sexy.  Stop thinking so much.  Here.  Close your eyes."
"Mmmhmm," Cas murmured. His grip tightened on the leash and Dean hummed contentedly, closing his eyes again.
It had been three weeks since the incident with Sam, and as Cas expected, Dean wanted nothing to do with littletime.  Every time he would mention it, Dean would either snap at him or withdraw for a few hours.  It was unfortunate, because Cas could see the tension starting to seep back into him.  The boys had been taking on too many jobs and spreading themselves too thin, and it was clearly taking a toll on Dean's physical and emotional health.
"Do we have to?" Cas groaned.  He kicked off the nice, warm blanket that Dean had apparently pulled off the back of the couch, and shivered at the chill in the room.  Slowly, he untangled himself from Dean's arms and stood up, blinking his sleep-heavy eyes at the window.
"No," Cas shook his head. "I know I still have a way to go, but I'm feeling hopeful for a change. It's been a while since I felt like this. Actually... I don't
Cas cringed a little at his reflection, brazenly naked save for a dog collar, and looking a little worse for wear. His hair was sweaty and wildly splayed in all directions. His eyes were wild and watery, and his cheeks were flushed a light shade of pink. He couldn't seem to keep his gaping jaw shut and he was practically drooling on himself as he moaned and writhed shamelessly with Dean's cock up his ass. Truth be told, he looked like a hot mess.
Cas looked up at the steep hill, footprints and sled tracks marring the otherwise fresh snow.  It was dark, but one lone streetlight perfectly illuminated the majority of the path. "It looks awesome.  Let's go," he gasped excitedly.  He grabbed Dean's hand and began dashing up the hill.
Dean nodded. "Good ones," he laughed. "Hey... Before it gets too crazy in here, I just want to say thank you for coming. I know this isn't easy for you, and it really means a lot to me."
Sam grinned and settled back in his seat, making himself a bit more comfortable. He hadn't watched cartoons in ages but he felt a bit nostalgic as that old familiar theme song played.  He thought about all the times he and Dean would watch cartoons from shitty hotel rooms.  Half the time there was no cable, so they'd be static-y and distorted, and Dean would mess with the rabbit ear antennas for hours to make Sam happy.
Cas wasn't exactly a kid anymore, but it was hard to not think of him that way. After all, Gabriel had been taking care of him since he was young, and he couldn't help but worry.  It wasn't just that Cas had a boyfriend - he was insanely happy for him, of course.  He was more worried that Cas had started dating while he was sick.
Dean smiled.  "See? Not so bad, right?" he asked as he continued softly kissing and nibbling at his chest.  "I'm not going to ask you to take anything else off, so relax."
Dean tried to bite back a smile.  "God, I love you, you stubborn, sassy bastard."  He finished lacing up Cas's skate and sat next to him to lace his own.  "Alright, we're just going to hobble those few steps to the door." He stood up and offered Cas his hand.
Anna rolled her eyes.  "We'll be fine, Cas.  You can't hold this place together single-handedly.  Go home and rest and... who's your friend?" she blurted suddenly.
"I... I don't know.  I rubbed it and it felt good at first.  But the more I rubbed, the more it started to hurt.  In a different way. But I just wanted it to go away so I kept..."  his voice was getting frantic and on the verge of crying again.
Dean had planned on standing up and giving him a little space, but before he knew what was happening, Cas's arms were wrapped around his neck.  He sat there in shock for just a moment, not quite sure what to do as he felt sobs wracking Cas's body.
Dean smiled.  "You'll be okay.  Take a minute to get your balance.  Arms out.  Look straight ahead.  Stop looking down.  Alright, before we go out there, remember, weight on the inner side of the blade.  Now your first instinct might be be to lean way forward to balance, but don't do that. Bend your knees just slightly and keep your chest up. You want your weight balanced over the skates at all times."
When a tight, gooey fist wrapped around his cock, he bucked his hips, silently begging for something, anything, but Dean just shook his head.
"Yeaaah. Sorry, sweetheart," Dean grimaced. "I uh... remember doing the ones on your shoulder, but didn't realize I got your neck too," he said, gently stroking his fingers down the side of his neck, then flicking the silvery tag on his collar.
you. I love you, you idiot. And for what it's worth, I was only going to jerk off on your chest," he grinned. "I told you. You're going to have to make the first move for
of being embarrassed, look who's okay with still being shirtless," he teased, rubbing a hand up and down his back.
The old man laughed. "Of course. Thank you, brothers," he said, clapping Cas on the shoulder, then giving Dean another man-hug.
"Hey, Dee.  Yeah, come build," Sam said.  He knew he wasn't quite selling it yet, but dammit, he was trying.  As he caught a glimpse of Dean's Ninja Turtle slippers, he couldn't help but smile to himself.  Dean really
"Uh, yeah. I call him that often," Dean grimaced. "Maybe it's a big brother thing. Gabe doesn't have a nickname for you?"
that strict upbringing worry that others will judge them for their fantasies.  Everyone's so worried about what people will think, that no one's having good sex," he winked.
Finally, Dean licked the last of the purple goo from his thighs and gave him a final smirk, then deepthroated him in one swift motion.
"No," Cas mumbled as he struggled to sit up. "I really wanted tonight to be about you..." He kicked his shorts the rest of the way off and straddled Dean's lap. "But..." he said as he tenderly kissed those plush pink lips, "Now I think it should be about the both of us."
Dean could see the anxiety festering behind that face, but he knew Cas was headstrong once he set his mind to something."I promise we can come back in if..."
Cas blushed as he pulled away, both relieved and disappointed that Dean didn't go in for a kiss just yet.
Cas shook his head.  "Never had a reason to, really.  And to just go by myself with no specific plan can be a little overwhelming."
ecstasy. Just hang on until Dean gets here and you can touch away," he grimaced, reaching into his jacket pocket. "Here."
Hannah nodded sympathetically.  "You and me both.   Well I'd better get to work before the book Nazi comes by," she rolled her eyes.  "See ya, Cas."
"Uh. Showers," Cas laughed. "But honestly, even when I did, the guilt was so bad, I couldn't fully enjoy it. I remember crying a lot afterwards... and praying that I wouldn't go to Hell."
"I know!" Dean blurted.  "I'm aware.   But I don't think putting on a diaper is gonna help me.   It's creepy."
"Are you uh...?" Cas whispered.  "Oh."  He'd seen that glazed-over look in Dean's eyes before - he was still off in littlespace.  He was being quiet and cautious, but he was in littlespace nonetheless.  Cas had a brief moment of panic as he tried to decide what to do.   He could either try to snap him out of it by talking about decidedly adult things, or he could just pretend nothing was unusual and let him come out of it on his own.  He sighed heavily.  When they started this, he knew it would be good for Dean,  but he never expected that he'd get
Dean settled into his chair next to Cas, and Sam sunk into the seat across from them, while Gabriel hurried to put all of his dishes on the table.
"Let me." Dean sat up and unfastened the collar, letting it fall from his neck. "You sure you want to go shower now?"
Dean ducked his head, blushing a little at Cas's complement.  "Well thanks.  I'm kind of a fashion nerd.  Hey, how about one more quickie stop?  I was going to suggest coffee, but I'm feeling a little nostalgic after the sled riding.  How about a hot chocolate?  There's a drive-thru just up here."
Dean paused, his stern demeanor suddenly cracking. "Baaaby," he said softly. "You don't really think I would demand to fuck you like this, do you?"
"Yeah, yeah. But stop picking on the poor guy and let him wake up," Sam laughed. "Jesus, Cas. You put up with him?"
"I want Batman!" Dean said, snatching a book from the stack.  "Sammy, you should pick the green dinosaur book," he hinted eagerly.
"Hey, buddy," Dean called as they saw Henry's feet on the ground, protruding from the recessed nook. "Delivery's here!"
, and it's totally out of character for me. This is all your fault. I'm not complaining though..." He tenderly cupped Cas's cheek and guided their lips together for an innocent kiss just as Gabriel walked into the room.
Castiel groaned and slowly opened his eyes, blinking hard against the darkness as he tried desperately to figure out where he was. His entire body was sore and he instinctively attempted to touch his aching head before he realized his arms were secured behind his back. Try as he might, his powers seemed nonexistent, and he tried kicking out before realizing his legs were lashed to the chair he was sitting in as well.
Despite his desperate attempt to stay pouty, Cas couldn't help but laugh. "I'm not torturing you, Dean," he muttered into Dean's chest.
Cas sighed and accepted Dean's help in righting himself, then clung desperately to the railing. "This is so embarrassing," he said, glaring at a pack of young children who zoomed past him.
But seriously, this is really nice.  If I didn't know better, I'd think you were trying to seduce me," he flirted.
"I know, I know.   I'm good, Cas."  His face flushed as he suddenly realized he'd been fiddling with the toy from his meal.  He shoved it aside, and took a huge bite of his burger.   "This is still fuckin' weird," he grumbled.
Dean pressed a hand to his face in frustration.   "Cas, the furnace isn't going to..." He glanced at the panicked look on Cas's face and sighed.   "Alright, Scoot over.  And remind me not to get you drunk again."
Gabriel smiled softly as he turned the car into their driveway.  "You're not a loser.  Look, sex is totally natural.  Nothing to be ashamed of. You'll be fine."
"Will do.  C'mere." He tugged at Cas's coat sleeve until Cas took a few steps forward, then wrapped him in a huge embrace.  "You still smell good," he whispered before pressing a soft kiss to his cheek.
Dean nodded. "Hey, your tree looks nice," he said suddenly, motioning to the Christmas tree in the corner of the room.
A tiny jingling of keys, and his hands were free again. He rolled his shoulders and sighed in relief as some of the stiffness finally drained out. Tom roughly removed his trenchcoat and suit jacket, then spun him around so that he could unbutton his white cotton dress shirt. The shirt and tie fell to the floor, and Tom hurried to reapply the handcuffs as Cas huffed through his nose.
Much to his chagrin, not only was there snow on the ground, but it was all encased in a thick layer of ice.  He cursed as he chipped away at the hideous stuff.
"I told you," Gabe said smugly, taking a bite of his own pie. "Little bastard.  One of these days I'll weasel the secret out of him," he mock-grumbled.
you would know Pulp!  You have a great voice, by the way.  I might have to start making you sing me to sleep," Dean teased.
"Sorry, sweetheart," Dean said with a mischievous grin. "Not like he didn't notice your pants and underwear flung halfway across the room. It's a small apartment! Well hey, we brought back breakfast if you're hungry."
.  While he had always been socially awkward, Cas carried himself with the certain air of confidence that came with being a celestial all-powerful being.   Now that confidence was gone, and in it's place were depression and fear.  His heart ached seeing Cas like this.  He looked like a lost puppy that had been kicked too many times.  If he looked this lost
"Y-yes," Cas hissed.  His entire body was on fire, flushed with embarrassment and... something else.    He wasn't sure why just talking about Dean touching him made him so shy and... oh god, he was
had Dean, but Dean had been completely on his own, and raising a child while he was still a child himself.  Of course he knew that, but he never stopped to think about how all of this might have affected him.   Dean was always so good at hiding his fears and worries, that it was easy to forget sometimes. He covered his mouth as a sob threatened to escape his throat, and quickly excused himself.
"Yeah," Dean assured him.  "No one here but you and me."  He sat on the edge of the bed and began sawing at the ropes that were cutting deeply into Cas's ankles.  "Are you alright?" he asked.  "You hurt?"
He didn't know how to act with this constant praise and attention.  It was an unfamiliar feeling, and frankly, it was somewhat frightening.  He knew he could safeword and make all of this go away, but for some reason, he couldn't bring himself to say it.
"It's okay, Bumblebee," Cas soothed.  "Just get your clothes on for me then we'll snuggle and watch cartoons, okay?"
"I can't," Cas sighed. "Do you know how hard it is to find another position like mine? Unless I start working in the city, I guess, but I'm not sure my anxiety could handle that. Besides, I
right now. He wanted to see Dean, of course, but he also kind of wanted to hide from the world today.  With no experience to speak of, he realized he was awkward at this whole dating-thing, but still, dating while depressed felt somewhat surreal. He had never planned on dating
"Really, thanks for dinner," he said, sobering. "Feels good to be home. Well, hey, you cooked, let me do the dishes."
"I know.  It seems like you have mostly positive memories of that name.  I thought it might be a good choice. "
Dean just laughed and kissed him on the forehead.  "You don't have to swallow, baby.  Swallowing is optional," he whispered. "You look absolutely wrecked.  What do you say we sleep now, and in the morning, we'll shower off, then relax in the bath for a while?"
Tenderly, Dean ruffled his fingers through the back of Cas's hair, watching him shiver with pleasure.
He opened the bathroom door and slowly began making his way around the outside of the room again. He hadn't gone far before Dean's voice filled his head.
"No. Don't stop," Cas panted. The tight, burning, stretch was starting to subside, and it was starting to feel... Well, not good yet, but not bad either. He groaned again as Dean began to find a slow rhythm.
"It's not weird!  Plenty of people engage in ageplay," Cas sighed again.  "Dean keeps saying that too.  But once he gets out of his head, he really enjoys himself, Sam.  He
"Be down shortly." Cas answered before Dean could even think about forming a sentence. He was never sure how Dean might react when he was startled from littlespace.  "Well, Bumblebee, want to get into your big clothes now?"
" Dr. Mitchell's usually professional demeanor cracked for a minute in disbelief. "How did you do there?"
"Oh, Cassie. You're so naive, it's adorable. Straight guys can be into butt stuff too," he shrugged. "Frankly, the guys who freak out about it are probably either homophobic pricks, or people totally insecure in their masculinity. They're missing the boat. If it feels good, do it. Or at least let someone else do it for you."
"You did. You were almost completely asleep, and you mumbled it," Dean grinned, watching Cas's face redden.
"Nah.  It's nice to look at anyway," Dean said. "Funny how when you're a kid, snow is like this magical, amazing thing, and when you grow up, you dread it.  There's still a part of me that loves it though.  Even though it's an enormous pain in the ass."
explore.  Touch. Try something new. Try a toy.  Sleep naked. You need to be comfortable with your own body first before you'll be comfortable with it around anyone else, you know?"
"That's because we're not playing right now.   I'm doing this because I've wanted to for a long time."
.  You looked so confident. You knew what you wanted and you went for it. I'm so damn proud of you," he sighed, peppering his forehead with kisses. "You're so good, baby.  I love you."
Cas let Dean guide him to the table and pull out his chair, and he sat down, taking a second to mentally collect himself.  "Sorry," he murmured.  "I'm all emotional today."
Cas giggled and crawled on top of him, moaning at how good the skin-on-skin contact felt. "Feels so gooood," he purred. "Dean, I feel so good right now I might cry. You're not mad at me, are you?  You've been kind of quiet."
He slipped a seafoam green leather collar around his neck, one he'd had specially made because it matched Dean's eyes. The bone-shaped tag dangling from it was blank for now, but he'd have 'Zeppelin' engraved on it later.
"Not today, baby.  Today is a special treat just for you," Cas said, feeling a bit panicked as he heard Sam getting closer.  He grabbed Dean's hand and gently pulled,  but Dean dug his heels in and stopped him.
"Hey," Dean greeted him with a wide smile, his impossibly green eyes sparkling with excitement.  "You ready?"
Gabriel smiled and stared pensively at him for a few minutes, long enough that Cas couldn't help but fidget in his seat.  "I'm glad, Cassie," he finally said.  "You deserve that.  Now, let's eat.  And afterwards, go visit your cat.  She was starved for attention when I went down there, which is funny, because usually she doesn't give a shit."
"And strawberries and whipped cream," Gabriel assured him  "Just like you like them.  C'mon.  Take your anxiety pill if you need to and come upstairs."
Cas smiled softly as he caressed Dean's cheek.  "Dean.  He's your brother, and he loves you.  He just wants you to be happy.  The fact that you're opening up to him a little is a good thing.  Trust me, he's not going to bring it up.  Now come on," he said, sitting up and tugging at Dean's wrist.  "Let's go shower, and then we'll go face him together, alright?"
Dean arched into his touch a bit more eagerly than he had anticipated, and Cas stroked him a few more times in rapid succession. A tingly rush of warmth rushed over his body, and he shivered.
"Dean, can you show me how to clean these?" Castiel asked from behind a mountain of dirty laundry so big it was nearly obscuring his face.
doctor, Cas liked Dr. Mitchell. She had been his psychiatrist since he was fifteen, and though he hated talking about himself, she made him feel safe and comfortable.   Once he got warmed up, talking to her was like talking to Gabe - not always easy, but he could usually be coaxed into opening up.
been a little out of control tonight.  Those nagging thoughts were still running through his subconscious from earlier, and he knew he'd been trying to prove something to himself.  They drove the rest of the way home without another word, the strains of Led Zeppelin easing the tension between them until Sam finally curled up against his door and slept.
Cas grinned and playfully punched his shoulder. "Yeah. Get your walker ready, old man, because you're going."
"What?  No!  The hot waitress from the restaurant."  Dean felt a warm flush creeping over his face.  Sam knew he hooked up with guys from time to time, but it still made him uncomfortable talking about it.   He had no idea
lucky.  He adjusted his jeans, which were still hanging half off his hips and zipped up before nudging the sleeping woman next to him.  It was already ten-thirty, and hotel checkout was at eleven. If he wasn't there to pick Sammy up soon, he'd get an earful the whole way back to Lebanon.
Ever-so-gently, Dean fondled his cock through the washcloth, giving it a light tug.  Cas's already half-hard cock twitched excitedly in his fist and Dean firmly held him for a moment.
Cas ducked his head as he blushed fiercely.  "Yeah.  Sorry.  I don't have a lot of energy these days and it's been a big day.  I'm totally worn out."
, going to go in for a hug if it's okay with you.  I got a little too used to holding you last weekend, and it's kind of all I can think about," he purred.
Cas felt his mouth go dry, and he tried hard to swallow. He'd only told Dean about one little fantasy, which required an ample amount fucking.  Though he was definitely getting better, he wasn't sure he could do that just yet.
"Oh!" Cas blushed, trying to figure out how to respond to that.  "I um... I hope it was good stuff at least?" he fumbled.
"I don't know. Not quite. Maybe? I'm just kind of dreading it. I'm not ready to face my stupid boss again. She's the sole cause of my anxiety some days, you know?"
certainly didn't help matters.  And Cas usually took the brunt of her craziness, since he also happened to be the office administrative assistant.
"That's wonderful," Dr. Mitchell beamed. "Now should we discuss the intimacy issues? Have you had a chance to read the book I gave you?"
he wanted time off work; he could barely function some days.  Still, he could definitely see himself hiding and shutting out the world again too.   And as much as he
"You know, maybe we need to make you a doctor's appointment," Gabriel said quietly.  "It's been a while since you checked in.  I know you're a generally anxious person, but it feels like it's been getting worse lately.  And with the depression rearing it's ugly head again... I know you hate it, but I also know what happens if you wait too long."
As Cas lay there panting, and wondering why he had been so turned on by this gesture, Dean fell forward, smothering him in filthy, open-mouthed kisses until they were both giggly and breathless.
"There's nothing weird about you," Dean finally said, turning his eyes downward and taking a deep breath  "Hell, I'm medicated, Cas.  I told you I used to get really bad panic attacks, right?  I had more
"It's okay, " Dean breathed.   "You're just a little excited.  Be still now.  Just lick and suck."  He dug his fingers into his hair again and held him still as he began moving his hips.  "You okay?" he asked.
Cas smiled and lay back down on the couch, pulling the blanket up to his chin.  "Thanks, Gabe."  He closed his eyes, listening to Gabriel rummaging around in the cupboards, and then in the fridge.
"Okay. If you don't mind, I'm going to give Cas here a ride home.  I think he needs to rest," Dean said quickly.
"Relax. I don't think there was a dry eye in the house during that encore," Dean laughed, dabbing at his own eyes.  "I guess you had a good time then?"
"Ooh, a Cuda!  '70 or '71...  And look at the old Nova," he said, looking around for Cas and holding the car up.
After changing into some borrowed flannel pants and a t-shirt, and texting Gabe to feed his cat in the morning, Cas shuffled back to the main living area.  Dean's studio apartment was small, but it was plenty of space for one guy living here two days a week. It was probably also expensive as hell being in a desirable area of Manhattan, Cas thought.  He didn't like to think too much about how Dean seemed to be pretty well-off.  If it weren't for Gabe right now, Cas wasn't even sure how he'd be surviving while off work.  Even while he
"Good boy," Dean smiled.  "Now baby, I'm gonna finger your ass while I watch you jerk off," he whispered, trailing a few kisses across Cas's shoulder and chest.  "Can you do that for me?"
Gabriel waited patiently for Cas to return as he dug through his closet. He had just thrown a pile of shirts on the bed when Cas walked back into the room.
"Just sit still for a minute. Can I get a bottled water?" Sam asked the bartender.  He handed Sam an icy cold bottle which Sam uncapped and handed to Cas.  "Drink."
Cas sighed as Dean walked out the door, his heart suddenly hammering in his chest as he wondered if anyone else would return for him while Dean was away.  He felt one of those hot, frustrated tears spill down his cheek and he took another long, deep breath to calm himself.
Gabriel roared with laughter as Cas covered his crimson face in embarrassment.  "What, you thought no one would notice that thing? If you think
Dean grinned.  "Stay here a sec."  He got out of the vehicle and opened the back doors, then returned to the passenger side carrying a six-foot long, bent-wood toboggan.  He motioned over his shoulder to the enormous snow-covered hill and beamed at Cas.  "You in?" he yelled.
"Merry Christmas, Gabe," Cas sighed happily.  "Smells good in here," he said as he pulled away.  "I just realized I'm starving."
Dean continued. "Once we break, you can't move the white ball. You have to play it from wherever it is. So, come over here," he motioned. "Now remember what I did? Take the stick and hit the white ball into that one," he pointed. "You want the ten ball to go into the pocket, so hit this one dead-on."
As Dean crawled over and leaned his head on Cas's knee, Sam couldn't help but watch from the corner of his eye.  It was so weird to see his brother being affectionate.  He was usually so walled off, it was hard for him to even
"You're so good at coloring," Cas said quietly.   He smiled as he watched Dean's face redden, and they colored in a comfortable silence for a while. "You know, you've been such a good boy lately... I got something for you," Cas said shyly.
"Good boy!" Cas beamed, giving him a little hug as he nuzzled against his face. "Here you go." He reached into the bag and coaxed a piece of jerky through the pup mask's mouth.
He'd never been so anxious to get off the damn road when he pulled into Cas's driveway, and perhaps not surprisingly, he'd made it home in record time.  Right now, all he could think about was stripping down to his boxers, crawling into bed with Cas...and maybe making out a little.
"So no more of that for now."  He gently let go of him and Cas whined.  "Get your hair soaked so I can wash it for you."
"Yep," Cas nodded.  "Forty minutes either way.  It was a whiteout, I couldn't see shit.  The roads weren't plowed yet.  There were accidents, and cars off the road... I'm so anxious I could vomit.  I just want to crawl back into bed and sleep for the rest of the day."  He shed his coat, leaving it lying uncharacteristically on the couch, but just as he was about to flop down, Gabriel grabbed him by the arm.
Dean's eyes flew open again and his body clenched.  "Cas, you can't just say shit like that!" he muttered, feeling his heart suddenly hammering in his chest.
"You know what I see?" Dean asked, his voice cool and even. "I see two people who love each other, sharing themselves in the most intense, intimate way possible; Two people who love and trust each other so much, they're giving each other
Dean was too damn exhausted to complain about being the 'little spoon' today.  And though he would never say it out loud, he was really feeling the need to be held after all of that. So he closed his eyes and relaxed into Cas's arms.
Dean smiled a little.  "Johnnie Walker.  It's a brand of whiskey, Cas.  I mean, let's have a drink."
"Oh," Dean gasped awkwardly. He took a minute to regain his composure. "Well I won't say it hasn't been
"I'm still managing to do those things," Cas said.  "It's not as bad as last time.  It's just that they're getting harder to do," he sighed.
Sam nodded.  "That's Dean for you.  He's never been good with emotions, Cas.  And I'm sure this is dredging up a lot of old memories and stuff, you know?"
it was starting to look more like a dance club, and his anxiety was kicking into high gear. People were starting to make their way into the club, and within minutes, a small group of women had swarmed the stage, all clamoring for Dean's attention.
Tears were prickling his eyes now, but Cas wasn't going to let them fall.  Having his naked body touched by this filthy demon was absolutely mortifying.
"Ohhh god," Cas moaned. "Ohhh, fuck." It didn't feel bad, exactly, but the physical and emotional sensations combined were overwhelmingly intense.
"Ohh," Dean gasped. Shit, maybe he'd just made things worse. But he didn't have time to think about that as two strong, firm hands suddenly began caressing up and down his chest.
"Shhh," Dean soothed, lazily stroking those magical fingers through his hair again.  "Once you settled in, you were out like a light," he chuckled softly.  "You looked so comfortable for the first time all night, I didn't want to wake you.  So I watched the rest of the movie and I was going to leave, but it's a damn blizzard out there.  I uh, hope it's okay, but I thought maybe I could crash here 'til morning?"
"Well," Cas said slowly,  "We don't have any cereal up here.   We'll have to go downstairs if you want cereal.  Is that okay?"
"That's fantastic.  Glad to hear your date was so understanding.  Do you think you'll go out again?"
"I told you," he whispered, grabbing Dean's hand.  "Take care of me, Dean.   Take complete control over me.  I don't want to screw up anymore."
Gabriel grinned and stood, clearing their plates from the table.  "Good.  I promise you, Cassie, you're going to be fine."
"Ohh!" Dean burst into hysterical laughter.  "Come on, baby. We'll figure this out at home.  I've already loaded up the van. Let's go."
Cas continued. "I can read your body language, Dean.  I know you crave this just as much as I do, but you're afraid.  You feel like you're not worthy. You're afraid of losing people, so you never get too close, even in relationships.  Have you forgotten that I've touched your soul, Dean? I
Dean smiled tenderly. "You're having more good days than bad lately.  As long as it's two steps forward, it's okay to have one step back every once in a while.  Baby needs to tell the depression to shut it's lying mouth, okay?"
Ten minutes later, when a cab arrived, Dean slipped some money and a few instructions to the driver as Henry slid into the back seat. He waved gratefully as the car pulled away from the curb.
Dean sighed and rubbed the back of his neck as he often did when he was nervous.  "I don't think I'm going to like it.  But I'll try."
Cas shook his head and laughed.  "Don't you know you're not supposed to talk religion, politics, or Star Wars vs. Star Trek?  I'm pretty sure that's how wars are started!"
Dean glanced away as his face reddened.  They were somewhat new to kinky roleplaying, and he was still struggling with the fact that he enjoyed a little submissive spanking from time to time.  He sighed heavily.
"Yeah," Dean interrupted.  "It's pretty nasty out.  I guess we won't go into the city tonight.  But uh... maybe we can hang out at your place?   I'll bring dinner!" he suggested.
Dean groaned his arousal and fisted a hand in Cas's hair.  "God, you're gorgeous," he murmured.  "I'm gonna fuck your mouth now, sweetheart. Is that okay?"
Dean gave his pants a kick and lunged forward, knocking Cas onto his back.  "Good boy," he panted as he began smothering him with kisses again.  "Can I tell you a secret?" he whispered against Cas's ear.  "I really..." he paused to nibble his earlobe and Cas's entire body jerked. "... Really," he continued, sucking tiny nibbles to his neck, "
"That's okay," Dean said, making his way to the couch.  "You don't have to entertain me or anything.  I was thinking... have you been out at all lately?"
Goosebumps rose up on his arms and Cas moaned wantonly as Dean continued kissing and caressing him. His touch was so soft and delicate it tickled, and Cas couldn't help but giggle a bit as Dean craned his neck for a kiss on the lips.
Dean paled a bit, but he didn't say 'no'. "Didn't get enough of human sexuality with April?" he scoffed.
Cas shrugged.  "I don't know," he sighed.  "You already do too much for me. My disability insurance should kick in next week, so I'll have a bit of money then."
"I don't need it," Dean rasped. "I don't want..."  He looked up at Cas with those big, watery eyes and choked back a sob.  His body went slack and Cas threaded his arms through the arm holes, then tugged it down over his torso.
Cas nodded. He was still anxious, but at least being near the front of the room was way better than being trapped in the middle of the crowd. Sam returned to dancing, giving Cas a little nudge to do the same. Try as he might, dancing really wasn't his forte, so Cas swayed vaguely to the music as he people-watched. The club was different from this perspective, bigger somehow, and the energy from the crowd was overwhelming. It was darker here, save for the wandering lights, which made it a bit easier to blend in.  Still, no matter how much he tried to assure himself that he was fine, he could feel the tension building in his chest, and the flutters starting in his stomach. Through sheer determination alone, he made it through the song, but as his heart rate increased, he knew he needed to get away before panic could set in.
Though Cas tried to keep this part of their lives away from Sam, occasionally littletime spilled outside of the bedroom - unfortunately Dean was still no better at 'turning off' than when they started.  He adjusted better when he was allowed to come out of it on his own, however, so Cas tried not to rush him.  Now that Sam was tentatively on board, he could let him gradually come down, even when they were in the bunker.  It had only happened a few times so far, but true to his word, Sam was trying his best to understand and cope with this new situation.
Dean's eyes flew open.  "What?  Cas!" Exasperated, he struggled for the right response to this revelation.  "That's... not something you should be telling me about," he floundered.  "That's something you need to keep to yourself, okay?"  He was trying hard not to lose his shit, but
"No worries. I gotta eat anyway. I was short on rice, so I went to borrow some from you... Why didn't you tell me you were so low on groceries?"
"Good.  Good job, Cas," Dean frowned, prying himself away. "Come on.  Let's go home, okay?" He slipped his arm around Cas's elbow and tugged, but Cas dug his heels in.
Dean smiled.  "Oh, right.  So usually I just work weekends.  Friday and Saturday usually I do parties, but it's just been Saturday the last few weeks.  But I've also started doing runway mixes. Uh...  For fashion shows."
"Good." Gabriel stood and walked to the counter to begin assembling the lasagna.  "You never really told me how it went, you know.  Are you okay?"
He hurried to the bathroom to brush his teeth, finger-combing his unruly bedhead at the same time.  As a last-minute thought, he grabbed his weekly pill case from the medicine cabinet and pocketed it.  He'd forgotten to take his meds this morning, and Gabriel would doubtlessly be on his case about it; might as well take them in front of him to shut him up.  He frowned at his still-messy hair and made his way upstairs.
"I kind of am. It's a good exhaustion though. We went to the club, a few restaurants. I met Dean's brother, Sam. Oh! And I saw the Rockefeller Christmas tree, and we went ice skating... And I accidentally took ecstasy. It was a big, exhausting week, but I'm glad I went."
Cas choked at first, the unexpected force throwing him off balance as he unintentionally deep-throated him.  Immediately, Dean pulled him back and shushed him again.
Cas hummed deep in his throat as Dean began to come, swallowing around him and making him moan louder.
feel pretty stiff. He made a face as he took a few chews, nearly choking on his saliva at the intensity of the grape flavor, but he powered through it since Sam seemed to know what he was talking about.  Nate was up on the stage now and the music was still pulsing and echoing through his body, and he found that he couldn't resist swaying and bobbing his head.  It was as if he and the music were the same pulsating entity and he couldn't stop moving. He took another sip of his water and stood so he could dance again.
this.  And I'm afraid your finding out may discourage him from ever doing it again.  I just... I need you to be okay with it.  Or at the very least, to not make a big deal about it.
out of his league.  He might as well save him the disappointment now.  Besides, clubs and parties really weren't his thing. "Thanks," he said sincerely, "but I'm really not good with crowds.  Anxiety? Panic attacks?" he reminded him.
Gabriel looked back and forth between the two of them, giving them the widest puppy dog eyes Dean had ever seen.
He had already finished most of his invoices, and was just about to assemble their monthly office supply order when his phone buzzed.
He kicked off his shoes and yanked the covers back, then crawled into his nice, warm bed, relieved to finally be off his feet. Tiredly, he reached over and set his alarm, then pulled the blankets up to his chin and adjusted his pillow.
Sam sat there in silence for a few moments as a million thoughts raced through his head, but one thing kept repeating over and over:
"C... Cas," Dean choked.  "Oh god... Cas... come here.  Let me unhook you," he rasped as he knelt to fumble with the cuffs.  He barely managed to separate them before Cas's arms were wrapped tightly around his neck.
Dean nodded.  "Yeah it has."  He hadn't seen Nate Cardlin in months, despite the fact that he still counted him among one of his best friends.  Nate had been deejaying this scene even longer than Dean had, and frankly, Dean still considered him a mentor of sorts. Much of what he'd learned in the early days was due to Nate's patient teaching, and though Dean had become more successful, he knew Nate was far more skilled that he would probably ever be. "Hey, do you have any Saturdays off soon?" he asked.  "You should come do a guest set."
"You're the best.  Hey..."   Cas heard the refrigerator close and steps coming back toward him, then Gabriel popped his head back into the doorway.  "It just hit me.  That means you're still a virgin, doesn't it?"
Cas could sense the anxiety rolling off of Dean in waves, and he knew that if he didn't ground him soon, Dean would change his mind completely.  "Lie down with me for a minute,"  he said as he climbed into bed.  He offered Dean a hand, and pulled him down alongside him.  "What are you thinking?" he murmured as he wrapped Dean up in his arms.
Gabriel slowly trudged up the stairs to his apartment, digging through his pocket for his keys. He'd been at the bakery since three-thirty a.m. working on a big custom order, and now, almost twelve hours later, all he could think about was crawling in bed for a quick nap before his date tonight.
A leash with the same symbols was clipped to it next, and if looks could kill, the men would be lying on the floor by now.
Cas took a seat on the couch and turned the TV on, checking the day's weather forecast as Dean headed off to shower.Though they weren't calling for any snow tonight, it was going to be freezing.
As he went to put his cleaning supplies away, he stopped dead in his tracks as his heart skipped a beat.
Cas swallowed hard, but he didn't speak, so Dean continued slowly sliding his shirt up, pausing ever inch or so to kiss the newly exposed skin.
Cas laughed nervously at Ryan's over-the-top enthusiasm. "I'm not much of a dancer either, I'm afraid. Just not a social butterfly I guess."
"Dean?  As in, the Winchester?" the voice cackled in the background.  "Oh, Cassie, tell me you're not still carrying a torch for
"Gabe!" Cas squealed, jumping up from his seat.  "Give me that!" he yelled, wrestling the phone away.  Gabriel howled with laughter as he returned to his chair.
Dean nodded.  "Bleecker Street.  Best pizza in New York. I will fight anyone who says otherwise," he winked.  "Now, if you want to eat like a true New Yorker, you fold it."  Dean picked up his slice and folded it in half, then took a big bite.  "Orgasmic," he mumbled, eyes closed, mouth full.
Cas fumbled with the CD player until the folksy-punk sounds of Frank Turner were streaming through the stereo speakers.
Finally, Cas's body went limp on the bed, still groaning and twitching with little aftershocks. "W-what the h-hell was that?" he puffed. He was sweating profusely, damp hair matted to his forehead, and he was still trembling.
"I'm fine, Cas," Sam smiled. "Just a little blood spatter from Van Helsing over there," he mumbled, rolling his eyes.
Dean nodded breathlessly, eyes so intently locked on Cas's it made him dizzy.  "On one condition," he whispered.
Anna was the reference librarian.  She had the most seniority at the library, so she was always in charge when Meg was gone.  He liked Anna, mostly because she didn't bother him and stayed out of his way.
Dean swallowed hard. "Of course I like it..."  Goddammit, he liked it way too much, and it scared the shit out of him.
Dean pressed a hand to his mouth, a gesture to partially hide the enormous grin on his face.  "That's adorable.  Seriously. I would kill to see that.  Here, eat up," he said, handing him another taco and a sauce packet.
"Y-yes, Dean."  Cas reached down,  desperately trying to touch himself, but Dean smacked his hand away.
"Purity Culture..." Gabriel read, frowning as he stole a look at the book on Cas's lap.  "Why would she make you read that?"
"Oh!  Shit, I don't have a pen.  Well," Dean said, digging in his pocket for his wallet, "this is kind of douchey, but here's my card.  If you want me to take you to get your car later, just give me a call okay?"
"I know.  It was just the anticipation. Once he touched me, I relaxed a little."  Cas blushed again.
Cas nodded. "Thanks, Charlie." He took a few steps and swayed unsteadily. "I... I feel dizzy.  I need to lie down..."
Dean nodded and hit a few buttons on the stereo, and an upbeat, pulsating trance song began pouring through the speakers.  A few seconds of quiet settled between them as Cas listened and Dean held his breath. Slowly, Cas's head began bobbing as he found the rhythm.
Cas sloshed his wine around the glass, and sniffed it, mostly because Dean had done the same, and he took a small sip.  "That
and only for procreation... and it was something I should wait to give my..." he chuckled bitterly. "
"Yes.  Your favorite," Cas nodded and smiled.  He pulled the shirt over Dean's head, then quickly ran a comb through his hair.  "Come on, then," Cas said, grabbing his hand and leading him back to the bedroom area.  "Are you going to sleep in my bed or your own tonight?"
Dean smiled. "I could tell.  I'm so proud of you for going, you stubborn bastard. Look, I know this whole thing is weird. For whatever reason, my job gives me this strange...," he paused, wrinkling his nose.  "I don't know.
Cas was standing there in total confusion, but he took the phone and snapped a quick photo before handing it back to Anna.
"Oh.  I uh... just wanted to talk.  Haven't seen you in a few days.  Is that okay?" Dean fumbled.  "I'm sorry, I'm trying to figure this shit out.  This is still weird, isn't it?"  He grimaced as he raked his fingers anxiously over his three-day old stubble.
Dean hissed through his teeth and closed his eyes as Cas brought him close to the edge.  "Wait," he suddenly whispered, and Cas paused, staring up at him with his mouth full of cock. "Stay very still and relax your throat for me."
"That's wonderful. Let me just get your prescription and that workbook I promised you, and you can be on your way. As always, call if you have any problems."
Through the crowd, he could suddenly see angry Dean's face making it's way toward him as he parted the sea of people.
"'kay." Cas hung up and leaned on the counter again, hoping his legs didn't give out in the meantime.  This was bad.  He'd had a lot of panic attacks in his life but this was a big one.  The room was spinning around him and it felt like an elephant was sitting on his chest. It was getting harder and harder to breathe, so he slumped down, lying his head on the counter.
"Hmm. Well you'd never know you've been neglecting," Sam hummed. "You look good. I've been looking for a new gym. Maybe I'll check that place out."
?  After that ridiculously pathetic display at the library?  God, he was so bad at this.  There was a
That's when Cas snapped. He could feel his own damn teeth clenching as he strolled over and shoved through the crowd, anxiety be damned. He came up behind Dean and possessively slipped an arm around his waist, making him chuckle in surprise.
Cas closed his eyes for a second and shook his head, already feeling the blood drain from his face.  He knew what was coming. Sure enough, he reached into the bag and pulled out a forty-count variety pack of condoms.
Cas grabbed on and Dean pulled him forward until he could easily step inside and onto the rubber mat.
"Aw, thanks. Stop by next time you're in the area," Gabe said.  "I'll hook you up.  But I'm usually only there in the mornings and early afternoons."
Dean just smiled and slipped his arm around Cas's waist, guiding him toward the front door of the building.  "Just a few more minutes, sweetheart, and you'll see.  I think you'll be fine though."
"No you don't. You'd do the same for me.  But you can set the table and get us some drinks if you insist on doing something," he smirked.
He took a second to straighten his clothes and then got back in the front seat, slammed the car into gear, and hurried back to the motel.
"Oh," Cas said, feeling a bit bad for snapping at him.  "Thanks.  But I can handle it.  I mean, I'm sure between the both of us we can..."  He jumped as an arm slipped casually around his waist.
It was still somewhat dressy-casual, but instead of hiding his body like his clothes usually did, they accentuated his form.
"Mmmhmm." He tuned out the rustling of the people around them, breathing in that calming scent until there was nothing there but him and Dean.
A second later, Dean's spit-slick finger was inching it's way down the crack of his ass and circling his hole.
"Huh. What have I gotten myself into?" Gabriel sighed, a tiny smile turning up the corners of his mouth. "It's kind of nice to have people in the house again for the holiday, huh?"
"Look at me," he whispered, gently raising Cas's chin until he had his full attention.  For a moment, he just stared, squinting into those dark blue eyes as he tried to figure out what Cas was thinking.  Their faces were so close, he could feel warm breath against his lips, and he suddenly felt dizzy with arousal.  He cupped Cas's cheek and used his thumb to wipe away a few stray tears.
.  And, he supposed, it really wasn't that bad. It wasn't nearly as weird as he thought it would be.  It was actually... kind of comforting.   It made him think of all the times Dean had read him to sleep as a kid.  He slumped over as he made himself more comfortable, just barely leaning into Cas's shoulder.
"Oh.  Right.  Yeah, you really did," Cas said, ducking his head as Dean nudged him, shaking his head in amusement at how jumpy he was.  "Can we do anything?"
By the time Sam and Gabe returned with dessert, Cas was cuddled up under Dean's arm like nothing had ever happened.
Without another word, Dean took his place behind him and rubbed against Cas's hole with his dick. Applying a little more lube, he lined himself up, and ever-so-slowly, pushed into him.
Dean snorted with laughter.  "Aw, I thought he was kind of sweet..." He paused as Cas shot him a dirty look. "And he sent me home with pie, so he's not
Cas's heart was racing. If they were using him as bait, what were they going to do to Dean? He knew at this point that struggling was useless, but he couldn't help but try anyway. If nothing else, he had to warn him. If he could just reach his phone...
"Hey, don't be so sexist! There is nothing wrong with a woman who enjoys casual sex! Men aren't judged the same way for sleeping around, why should women be?"
"Restaurants are usually okay... Big crowds like at concerts are really hard for me.  But honestly, I have the most trouble with one-on-one interactions.  I'm okay at work for the most part, but that's mostly because I'm just answering questions.  It's when I have to interact on a personal level with people that I have a hard time... Oh god, why am I telling you this?" he blurted awkwardly.
Dr. Mitchell frowned, deep in thought.  "Now... you don't need to give me details, obviously. But I'm guessing we're talking about
Sam was standing out front, slumped against a soda machine when he pulled up, and he wasn't looking pleased.  He scowled and shook his head as he picked their duffel bags up off the ground.
"Hey, hey, hey.  Calm down. No.  Not always.  And I'm not just 'putting up with you,' Cas.  I like you.  You're clearly anxious about that, so I'm not gonna push you, alright?  It's okay, really."
"Hmmm. I suppose we should watch something Christmassy... Not many options though, huh?" he pondered. "Alright, don't judge me, but I vote for
"Hmmm," Cas pondered.  "I think you're more of a 'Tiger'..."  He nodded.  "Yes.  That will do.  Now, go on," he urged, pointing up the stairs.
"Shhh, I know.  It's okay," Dean said as he gently kissed his forehead.  "Happens to everyone sometimes."
Gabriel shrugged.  "Just checking.  I mean, I didn't expect you to sleep with him on the first date you've ever been on, that's all.  Wanted to make sure he didn't take advantage of your... disability," he finished.
Dean sucked harder, glancing up in time to see Cas's jaw drop as he realized Dean was about to swallow.
to talk, but sitting there in silence would be even more awkward.  He shook his head, still averting his eyes. "Just really fucking embarrassed."
"Fuck," Dean whispered.   His dick was weeping and standing at attention just inches from Cas's face, but Cas paid it no mind.  He was running his fingertips down along the inside of his thighs now, and Dean's legs jerked in response.
Cas nodded and wandered over to the bar, thinking a drink might help to calm his nerves. With all the lights on, the club didn't look like much, but he had a feeling it would be much different once it began filling up.
Cas picked his head up to glance at the DVD player, but it was flashing twelve o'clock.  "I don't know.  We must have lost power at some point."
"Sam,"  Cas walked up to him, edging in dangerously close.  "You are a wonderful brother to put his needs first.  But this isn't just about what Dean needs," he said, touching a hand to his cheek.  He stared into Sam's eyes long enough to make him uncomfortable, and Sam had the vague suspicion that he was looking into his soul again. "It's about what
Cas had a brief moment of panic as he realized he was no longer in control of his own body. Muscles were flexing and tensing as if on their own, tears were streaming down his cheeks, and he was making noises he didn't even know he was capable of making. As if in a trance, he was totally at Dean's mercy, and for some reason, he was completely okay with it.  He cried out again, louder this time, and Dean intensified his actions.
Cas's breath was coming in ragged gasps as he climbed onto Dean's lap. It was cramped in the backseat; his head was crammed against the roof but Dean's lips were wandering his neck, so he didn't mind the discomfort.
shit.  He comes over to steal my food all the time," Cas grumbled. "Can't really complain though.  He cooks for me a lot."
. He was just having a really hard time with the intimacy of it all.  Hell, sometimes he still struggled with all of the little touches and kisses.  He loved it, but years of retreating into his own little world made it hard to be so raw and openly affectionate with anyone.
Cas curled up on Dean's bed, looking entirely too comfortable, all things considered.  Dean's bedroom had become a haven for him since he started living in the bunker, and little remnants of Cas were scattered throughout - angel blade on the dresser, trenchcoat slung over the chair, shoes neatly lined up by the door.  Sam had prepared a spare bedroom for him, but with his newfound mortality, he was frightened to sleep there alone.  He'd tried for a while, but he spent more time knocking on Dean's bedroom door and jumping at every little noise he heard than he did sleeping. For both of their sanity, Dean had taken to sleeping on an inflatable mattress on his floor so that Cas could have his bed.  Again, it was the least he could do.
"You hold him, I'll strip him," Tom said, sensing his partner's obvious discomfort. He handed the leash over and turned to Cas. "Look, we don't like this any more than you do, but the boss says we have to clean you up. So we can do this the easy way, or we can do it the hard way."
While it was true that they'd both had a less than ideal childhood, Dean always tried to make Sam's as normal as possible.   He made sure he had Christmas and birthday presents.  He helped him with his homework and took care of him when he was sick.  Until this very moment,  Sam had always felt that they shared the same crappy life experience, but the truth was, Dean had it far worse.
"Cas, please.  It'll make me feel better.  Help me?" Dean pleaded, the wry smile on his face only half sincere.
Dean grinned.  "You don't have to.  No pressure.  But you really seemed to relax when I was stroking your hair yesterday... "  He held an arm out and motioned for him to come closer.  "Come here," he whispered.
"No.  No littletime.  Right now it's adult time," Cas interrupted as he shoved him roughly against the wall.  This wasn't the first time Cas had to distract Dean from his irrational worries, and he knew exactly what buttons to push to do it.
for people like me to date or have normal relationships?"  He'd pondered this question for years, and until recently, he'd convinced himself he was destined to be alone.  Usually, just
"You're different lately," Sam said, pulling Dean away from his thoughts.  "I can't put my finger on what it is,  but it's... nice."
Dean snorted. "No offense man, but I don't think I can teach you to play any more tonight without bending you over that table."
Cas sighed. "Yes," he squeaked in a tiny voice.  He was suddenly really thankful that he'd been 'cleaning up' before his dates with Dean lately, just in case... Thank god for Gabe and his twisted sense of gift-giving.
Dean slipped out of bed and headed off down the hallway to the bathroom, returning seconds later with a warm cloth and some clean boxer shorts.
"Okay," he said, resting his head on Cas's shoulder and snuggling into his side. Tentatively, he inched his fingers up under the hem of Cas's shirt as he studied his face.
Cas tried to keep his confused frown to himself. It wasn't like Dean to play with his phone while they were out. He grabbed their bags and waited as Dean continued.
Cas lay there quietly for a minute, staring sullenly at the television. "How can I expect anyone to understand this, Gabe?  Even
Cas blushed, his eyes wandering to the few hundred people who were waiting for the party to begin. "Dean, don't..."
Gabriel shook his head. "No, we're about the same chest size, you just wear all of your shit loose. Humor me," he said, shoving the shirt at him.
Cas was way beyond his limit.  Sweat was pouring off of him and his entire body felt like it was on fire.  He needed to cum,
"Oh," Cas breathed, examining it closely this time.  He ran his fingers gently over the tooled leather, blushing a bit as he read the inscribed letters that spelled out 'Baby'. "It
"Cassie, Dean," Gabriel beamed.  "Just set those on the counter," he pointed.  "And bring it in here," he held his arms open to Dean and embraced him in a quick hug.  "Merry Christmas," he said, clapping him on the back.
Cas nodded breathlessly.  "Yesss," he hissed, feeling Dean's hard cock twitching against his own through their boxer shorts.
"It's okay, Dee," he said softly.  "Let me get you a bowl.  Sit."  He ruffled Dean's hair playfully and returned to the cupboard.   "So what are you guys up to today?" he asked.
Cas blushed.  "Think I already figured that out..."  With a wave of his hand, the mess was gone.  He pulled Dean back down onto the bed and snuggled in close to his back, tightening an arm around his waist.
Cas led him into the dining room and pulled out a chair, and to his surprise, Dean plopped down right next to him.
He hadn't seen his baby brother in almost a week, and while he enjoyed having some time to himself, he actually missed having someone to fuss over. Cas had been at Dean's place all week long, both at his apartment in the city and his house across town. He'd been considerate enough to check in occasionally via text, but Gabriel was dying to know how his night at the club had gone.
"Tighty-whiteys?  Are you fucking kidding me?" he muttered as he picked up the underwear.  He held them up, making a face.  Well, he certainly he hadn't worn regular briefs since he was a child, and frankly he wasn't looking forward to it.  Still, he slipped off his pants and pulled the underwear up his legs, huffing and adjusting himself as he looked in the mirror.  The green knit basketball shorts were last, and he was happy to have at least one somewhat normal piece of clothing on.  He gave himself a final once-over, took a deep breath, then opened the door.
"Wow.  So you're a bit of a music nerd too," Dean said, nodding his approval. "You have ridiculously good taste."
Cas whimpered as the fabric tightened around him and he squirmed eagerly. He was already achingly hard and Dean hadn't even touched him yet.
They returned to their companionable silence as the familiar theme song started again and Cas lay down, tucking a pillow under his head.  "Hey Gabe..." he asked hesitantly.  "Do you think it's even
He hurried back to his booth, nodded a thank you to security for watching his equipment, and jumped right back into mixing.
"Thank you, Dean."  Cas smiled and Dean melted a bit.  It was hard to stay annoyed when he was so overwhelmingly grateful for every little thing.
Hell, he was actually pretty comfortable. He'd just close his eyes, sleep it off and deal with this in the morning when Cas was sober.
Cas smiled and inched in closer, putting his head on Dean's shoulder. "Thanks for coming tonight. I love that we'll get to spend Christmas together with both of our families."
"Well I'll keep you awake with my brilliant singing in the car," Dean grinned. "But seriously... This might be a little out of your comfort zone... but I think you can do it."
Dean's hands were caressing his hips and stroking at his back in a comforting manner as he whispered little affirmations.
Cas could feel his face burning, and he tried to glance away, but fingers on his chin kept him from moving.  For a moment, he thought Dean was going kiss him, and a million panicked scenarios began running through his head.  But instead, Dean's lips gently brushed against his forehead.
Immediately, Dean snapped back to his dominant persona.  "Good.  Stay still." He backed up off of him for just a minute, and turned the shower on behind them to muffle any potential noise, then picked his jacket up off the counter and dug through the pockets for a tiny bottle of lube.
"Not like that!" Cas yelped in embarrassment.  "I mean like... Stroking my hair. It actually calmed me down," he struggled awkwardly.   "I told you.  We fell asleep and I kind of ended up... uh...  cuddling with him.  I didn't really realize I was doing it, so when I woke up, I got a little anxious... and he lulled me back to sleep by stroking my hair again. I guess I could have gone to my bed, but I didn't want to let him go," he sighed.   He speared a tomato from his plate and shoved it in his mouth in an attempt to stop rambling.
Cas's jaw dropped just slightly, and his breathing quickened as he looked Dean over.  He was practically leering in an innocent but awkward way, and Dean could feel his face reddening.
"It's not helping.  It's worse now.  Way worse. It's red and it really hurts.  What if it falls off?" he asked in terror.
Dean bit down on his lip to keep from laughing as Cas's jaw dropped in utter humiliation at his brother telling him to 'get some'.
Cas went stone-still, both submitting to Dean's touch and completely at a loss at what he should say to Gabriel, who was standing there in stunned silence.
Somehow Cas managed to lather up his hair and scrub himself clean before climbing out of the tub and drying off.  He glared at his reflection in the mirror, feeling like he'd gotten a bit soft over the last few weeks.  While he wasn't exactly a health nut,  he generally kept in shape by bicycling or walking a few times a week.  Since he started feeling shitty again, walking up the stairs to Gabriel's place was the most exercise he'd been getting.  That was depression for you though; it wasn't happy just messing with your mind, it had to mess with your body too.  He drew a fluffy white towel around his waist and ran some fingers through his hair, then headed off to his bedroom to get dressed.
to get up.   After all, it was Sunday, and Dean was coming today.  He really didn't want to get out of bed, but he also
"I know I keep saying it, but you are really making huge improvements in such a relatively short amount of time," Dr. Mitchell smiled. "And it's not just because of the meds, you know. It's
"Better," Dean nodded. "Wait." He stepped behind him once again, carefully this time, and guided the stick through Cas's fingers. "Just loosen up a little. You're so stiff. Step back on this leg and relax," he said, tapping Cas's right leg.
Warm water rushed over his body, and for a brief second, he closed his eyes and tried to relax.  He'd almost succeeded until the shorter man entered the shower stall behind him.
Cas grinned at the awkward fumbling, for once not coming from himself. "Yeah.  I was kind of hoping that might be the case."
like me and Sammy," Dean chuckled.  "How are you holding up, sweetheart?" he asked as they flopped into the ugly purple couch. "You okay?"
Cas sighed heavily and moved the blanket.  He opened his eyes and squinted in annoyance at his too-cheerful brother.
"Good.  And did you swallow your gum?  Let me get you some more."  He picked his pants up off the floor and dug in his pockets for the pack of gum Sam had left him, and handed Cas a piece.  Cas frowned, but shoved the gum in his mouth, gagging again at the taste as Dean chuckled.
"That's awesome," Dean laughed. "Sammy and I decorated mine a few days ago. He never puts one up, but I usually guilt him into helping me. "
... but he would.  He hurriedly cleaned himself up and got dressed, and shoved an emergency Ativan in his pill holder keychain, just in case.  As a last-minute thought, he spritzed himself with a little of that cologne Dean had liked so much, because... Well, he wasn't sure why exactly.  How could he be both anxious about being touched and practically begging for it at the same time?
Cas quickly looked around the room. He'd expected a dungeon or another torture room of sorts, but this was just... a bathroom. A very large bathroom, but a bathroom nonetheless.
"Oh really?" he asked, bemused. "Actually, you said it first. A few days ago. The night I came home from New York."
"Oh my god," Cas said, burying his face for what felt like the hundredth time that night.  "You're so...
Dean blushed again. He wished Cas would stop talking like that. It was entirely too intimate for a guy who was just there to observe a male body.
"I'm not ready just yet either. But soon..." Cas trailed off, biting his lip as he watched Dean shed his layers of clothing.
"Whoa, whoa, whoa," Dean chuckled, pulling Cas's hand away from his face.  "Look at me," he demanded.  Cas opened his watery eyes and Dean pressed a finger to his trembling lips.  "Stop putting yourself down.  Have you passed out when you're anxious before?"
"I'd rather try something than wonder what it would be like the rest of my life," Dean shrugged. "...you sure you're okay?"
"Oh, thanks.  Here, have some garlic bread," Gabe said, passing a basket.  "You know, I feel like it's my brotherly duty to not like the guy my baby bro brings home.  Even if he
"S'okay.  But you can't tell me you never dance around your house when no one's around?" Dean said.  "I mean, not that I do that..."
Sam shrugged and chucked to himself. "Isn't that the fantasy?  Getting a 'straight' guy into bed for the first time?  Although it sounds like it's not exactly the first time you've had anything up your..."
look so much younger when he was in littlespace.  He looked so naive - not at all like a man who had just violently slaughtered a dozen vampires.  Just seeing him looking so wide-eyed and innocent sent goosebumps up and down his arms.
"First time I got fucked with a strap-on. The chick didn't know what she was doing, and neither did I."
"This turkey smells so good," Cas hummed, taking some and passing the tray to Sam, who did a sudden double-take at Cas's neck.
have a date tonight, and I'm not letting you wallow.  C'mon upstairs.  I was in the midst of making brunch.  Belgian waffles.  Your favorite."
Cas, on the other hand, was still feeling utterly disgraced, and to make matters worse, he could feel his cock reacting to Dean's gentle manipulation.  This was a
Dean flashed that winning grin, the one that made Cas giddy and anxious at the same time.  "Come on, sweetheart..." he purred, mashing his face against the side of Cas's in a rough, sloppy kiss.  "You can leave the underwear on," he winked.
Sorry, all. I've had a lot going on lately and I haven't updated in a bit.  I haven't even responded to comments on the last chapter yet. I suck. I'll get to that tomorrow. In the meantime, please know I appreciate them all.  Perhaps I can make it up to you with a long, smutty chapter?
He caught a glimpse of the self-satisfied smirk on Dean's face before his eyes rolled back, and Cas quickly struggled to get himself under control.
Dean blushed again at the praise, and Cas began pulling his t-shirt off over his head, followed by the shorts and his underwear.  While they had seen each other naked a few times, this felt...
Cas chewed his bottom lip, mulling this over thoughtfully.  "Well what's stopping you?" he finally murmured.
Sammy knew exactly what to do to calm his brother.  He hadn't been exaggerating when he said that they'd been taking care of each other most of their lives. "Of course we can," Cas agreed.  "You can each pick out one book and I'll read to you in bed.  How does that sound?"
Dean suddenly felt his cheeks burning.   Jesus, he was getting way too excited about stupid toy cars. Okay, if he was being completely honest with himself, he had always wanted to collect the damn things.  He didn't have many toys as a kid - Dad had insisted that too many material possessions weren't practical on the road -  but that didn't mean he never wanted any. Maybe he was a lot more fucked up than he thought he was.
"C...Cas. No ass stuff, remember? " Dean said, trying to talk himself out of the fact that he was liking this way more than he would ever confess.
Cas chewed nervously at his bottom lip and grinned, still somewhat confused as to why he liked this so much. It
Gabriel shot him a wry look. "What did I tell you about looking a gift horse in the mouth, Cassie? Finish up and go. I'm officially kicking you out. Go get some." He folded his arms in front of him, giving then a faux-stern look.
Goddammit, he hadn't stopped thinking about Cas since the night they slept together. Well, the night they actually
"Goodnight, Dean."  Cas hung up the phone and pulled the blanket up to his nose to hide his blushing face.
at Escape I remember.  Anna at work knew who he was.  She was practically fangirling over him. Is he really that big?"
"Oh.  H-hi Dean." This wasn't the first time Dean had called him, but the anxiety was always the same.  For some reason, he was just slightly better at talking to people in person than he was on the phone. "What's up?"
Sam just shook his head and chuckled.  "That's what happens when you hide out in your bedroom all day."
He'd blown off work again today; getting out of bed just seemed way too overwhelming.  He still had plenty of sick time left, but he knew he was pushing his luck with the amount of time he'd been off lately.  Meg would most likely give him a warning when he returned, and the thought of that made him sick with anxiety.
"I know, I can tell you don't want to leave the house, but that's why it's even more important that you do," Dean said. "You know how it is.  The more you isolate yourself, the harder it is to get out again."
Cas quickly wrapped his lips around his cock as Dean came, the hot, salty substance making him gag a little as he tried hard to swallow it all. He almost succeeded, but he had to pull away as the last bit spurted out, hitting him in the face.  Grimacing, he wiped it away.
"Not at all.  I'm really close to my brother, Sam.  He's a few years younger. I kind of raised him after our parents passed away, so I guess I'm a bit overprotective of him too," Dean admitted.  "It's a big brother thing.  Get used to it."
Dean knew he way way too anxious and shy to do anything about it.  Instead, he lay there writhing uncomfortably as his arousal built.
Cas didn't reply.  Slowly, he inched Dean's shorts down around his ankles, then shoved firmly until he backed up to the edge of the bed. "
Cas swallowed hard and leaned in, letting Dean take control. Despite his nerves, he swooned at the way Dean's hands wandered through his hair and down his back, the way his tongue flicked across the seam of his lips, coaxing them open, the way he sucked and licked and teased his way into his mouth. The arms around his waist pulled him in tighter, and Cas found his own hands wandering, fingertips digging into Dean's back as he moaned wantonly.
"That's it," Dean praised. "Give yourself to me and I'll take such good care of you, baby. " He tenderly stroked Cas's hair.  "You're so perfect," he breathed.
"That's true. But I insist," Sam said, raising a defiant eyebrow as he strolled to the sink with a handful of dishes.  "Besides, I just spent the last ten minutes harassing you, so let me make up for it," he winked.
"You're as stubborn as he is. If you're going to do this, you need to admit what you need, and willingly submit to me."  Cas's voice was even and smooth, without a trace of the anxiety that was rattling Sam's.
They didn't speak a word during the movie; Dean was content to snuggle and watch his chick flick, and Cas was sucked into the plot much more than he expected. The snacks were long gone by the time the film ended, and with a stomach full of cheese, crackers, and fruit, Cas was sleepy and content.
Cas grimaced. "Okay, I guess. Little nervous. I feel so awkward," he laughed. "It's nice to see Dean work though. He's amazing, isn't he?"
"Thank you, Dean," Cas whispered as Dean pulled him into his arms, sighing as if a huge weight had been lifted from his shoulders.  They lay there silently for a few minutes, just nuzzling and breathing in each other's scent.
"Aw Cas, " Dean sighed.  "I know buddy.  We're gonna get your Grace back.  In the meantime, I'll help you work on the rest, okay?"
Dean just smirked and snuggled in closer to him.  "Little bit," he breathed.  "So that's your brother, huh?"
Cas laughed and pulled away, but not before slipping the toy car into Dean's jacket pocket.  "Alright, fine.  Let's get going then. We have to bring back food for Sam."
Cas fought back a whimper and set to work, sliding his lips up and down the shaft of Dean's cock while Dean's fist tightly gripped his hair.  Being manhandled like this was not something Cas was accustomed to, but for some reason, he felt compelled to do as he was told.  Not only that - he
"I'd have taken my tacos and left."  Cas sat there for a moment, not quite sure how to respond to that until Dean burst out laughing.  "I'm kidding!  Sheesh!  I would have left you a taco..."  he winked, and Cas found himself blushing all over.
"Yeah, he's here.  I see you've been keeping my baby brother out all hours of the night..." Gabriel said as he walked back into the room with Cas's phone pressed against his ear. "I know it was you, Winchester. Who the hell else drives a big-ass cargo van?  I'm watching you, bucko," he cracked.
"Hey, Cas.  I'm so sorry to do this, but Hannah's not feeling well.  I think she's going to go home.  Can you take over the circulation desk for a while?"
families -  Sam and Dean, and Sammy and Dee.  It was way more than a rogue seraph could ever ask for. He'd seen a lot of peoples' personal Heavens, but no doubt, this was his own.
"Cool."  Dean looped his arm around Cas's elbow again as they exited the van, and they headed inside.
"You know, you should have invited Dean over for dinner," Gabriel said casually. "I'd like to get to know him a little better. He seems like a decent guy, I guess."
"I know.  I'll go back to busting your balls now," Gabe said, shoving up out of his chair  "And stealing your milk.  Lemme know when you want to get the car, okay?"
"Good," Dean smiled.  He spent a few minutes smothering his face with tiny kisses before finally rolling off of him.
it until Cas made that submissive little whimper that made his soaking pants way too damn tight. He pulled back abruptly, realizing he needed to calm down.
Dean just laughed, pulling him in a little closer.  "I love teasing you.  You're so cute when you get all embarrassed.  And
jumpy, so let's try this first."  It didn't even occur to him to be embarrassed, even with Cas's balls cupped tenderly in his hand as he worked.  All that mattered in that moment was making sure Cas wasn't hurt and getting him out of here.
.  He'd been holding it together pretty well so far, but the anxiety was starting to kick in again.   "Uh.  I um.  I work until six," he stammered.  "So that'll probably be too late to head into the city, and..."
Dean clapped a hand to his mouth to quiet the laugh threatening to escape his lips.  Poor Cas was trying so hard, but the more Dean thought about it, the harder he began laughing.  Once again he was gasping for breath as Cas's crestfallen voice came through the earpiece.
Cas slumped down into the plush tan couch and sighed.  "Well, my anxiety has progressively been getting worse over the last few months.  And now I'm starting to feel depressed again.  I was doing okay for a while..."
They stepped out of the concert hall to a thick blanket of freshly fallen snow, and Cas blinked the heavily falling snowflakes away from his lashes as they made their way back to the van.
"A '64 GTO!" Dean exclaimed.  "I don't have this one yet. Thanks."  Almost immediately, his face reddened as he realized he'd been a little too talkative, and he slowly inched away.
want more than anything else in the world?' And honestly, it didn't take a genius to figure it out. The way you two look at each other is so disgustingly obvious..." he shuddered.
Cas shook his head and grinned.  "You're awful.  Alright, let's get this over with. Your nervousness is making
Dean huffed as he put the cars back into the container, grumbling to himself as he pondered what had just happened.  He'd actually been enjoying himself, and that creeped him out a little.
"Excuse me.  Could you tell me where I'd find books on flower arranging?" A young woman's voice startled him and Cas jumped as he pulled the last of the books from the drop.
Cas chewed his lip nervously.  He hated talking about himself, mostly because he was incredibly boring.  "Um.  I read. And I draw. I watch movies and listen to music. I... I have a cat.  She's around here somewhere.  I don't know," he stuttered, his face reddening a bit at how stupid he sounded.  He'd been doing so well until now, and he suddenly felt like fumbling idiot.
Cas was already overwhelmed by his own arousal, but Dean's hard length rubbing against his felt better than he'd ever imagined. He wrapped his arms around Dean's back, clutching at him desperately as Dean turned his attention to his mouth. With just a few soft, gentle kisses, Cas was ready for more, and he boldly licked against the seam of Dean's lips, urging him to part them.
Dean grimaced.  "Yeah, but playing the patient to a sexy nurse I can deal with.  Me as a dog?  And it's not a sex-thing?  It's just... a
From the slightly quieter bathroom, he once again pulled out his phone and dialed Cas's number, hoping he wasn't sleeping again.
"Hey, Sleeping Beauty is finally awake!" Gabriel announced.  "I didn't think you'd ever wake up.  I went to the store and back, cleaned the house, made dinner..."
"No, no," Cas interrupted.  "You don't understand.  I'm pretty sure Dr. Mitchell basically told me I need to masturbate more."
Obediently, Dean stepped forward and raised his chin, allowing Cas to secure a black leather collar around his neck. A slim black leash came next, and Dean's eyes slipped closed as he drew in a deep, shaky breath.
Cas frowned making air quotes.  "For someone who brags about his sexual conquests, you certainly haven't tried much.  I thought you were going to crawl out of your skin the night I asked about spanking."
"Good boy." He raised Cas's arms over his head and lashed his wrists to the metal headboard with his tie, knotting them securely. "Not a word, or you won't get that pretty little cock sucked."
A loud sniffle interrupted his speech, and he spun Cas around.   "Come here, sweetheart," he said gently, surprising himself as the little pet name rolled easily off his tongue.   "No more tears.  I've got you.  You're safe.  You're
"No.  Dammit, Cas, no!  We're a team. What did that asshole Lucifer do to you?"  The water in the shower was getting cold now and he could feel Cas starting to shiver.
"Mmm... I mean, I want you," Cas panted. "Right now. Please," he whispered, nibbling Dean's earlobe and grinding down into his lap.
Cas didn't move from his position, still kissing as he let his finger slide back down between his cheeks.  "Just relax," he whispered.
Dean smiled.  "I know.  You usually wear about a size, size and a half smaller in skates."  He put an arm around Cas's shoulder and guided him toward the refreshments. "Don't worry, we're just humoring them anyway," he said comfortingly. "Hot chocolate?"
"So are you getting excited about tonight?" Gabriel asked as he loaded a ball of dough into the waffle maker.
"Oh my god," Cas simpered, hiding his face in Dean's shoulder. "I can't believe that I'm into this kind of thing... A year ago, I'd have laughed you into next week for even suggesting it.  No, wait. I would have crawled into a hole and died of embarrassment."
"You're so snugly right now," Dean murmured, helping Cas to his feet.  "Let's go snuggle and fall asleep together."
Cas was still feeling a bit flushed and awkward, but it was also nice to get it off his chest.  "You're strangely okay with this," he muttered.  "I don't usually talk about it to people... Especially to people I don't know that well.  The few I've told always seem really uncomfortable when I mention it.  I'm not even sure why I'm telling you, except that I've been acting weird every time you've seen me."
Dean smiled.  "It's up to you, sweetheart. I think you can do it.  But honestly, it's okay if you're not ready just yet. "
Dean comfortingly patted his thigh under the table. "You should go one of the weekends I have a guest deejay.  Depending on who it is, I can sometimes sneak out early. That way, if you needed to leave, we could.  One of my old buddies is doing a guest set this weekend," he said nonchalantly.
Dean shrugged. "You had a rough night. And I figured it was better that you stay under that blanket anyway since you were naked."
"Shhh, shhhh." Dean covered his yelps and whimpers with his mouth in an attempt to quiet him as Cas lost control.
"That's great!" Dr. Mitchell exclaimed, not even trying to hide her enthusiasm.  "So it's been a few weeks?  Almost a month?"
"Um. Yeah. Y-Yes," Dean cleared his throat, stalling for a minute. "I stopped in for a book and I um, I noticed he looked sick or something..."
Even the hideous purple velvet couch felt comfier than usual as he fell into it, and he haphazardly sprawled out while Scout curled up on his stomach. Tucking a few couch pillows behind his head, he closed his eyes and breathed in, allowing himself to relax completely for the first time in days. He couldn't even bring himself to sit up when Gabriel entered with a tray of tea, coffee, and his favorite cupcakes.
The rope finally fell away and Dean untangled the rest as Cas stretched and flexed his muscles again, trying to get rid of the prickly sleep feeling in his limbs.
," Cas said, embarrassed.  "I don't know.  Maybe it's not a date.  Maybe it's just two guys getting dinner. His name is Dean.  He's a... DJ, I guess?"
Cas jolted up, looking slightly alarmed by the sudden use of their safeword.  Silently, he unfastened the puppy hood.
"You can't tease me like that.  You know I really have to get back to Heaven, right?"  Cas complained.
Dean frowned again, then he scrunched his eyes closed as if he were concentrating.  "It's hard," he murmured.
"Superman Underoos?" Dean asked, suddenly remembering an identical pair he had a long, long time ago.  He didn't even know they still made them, never mind in his size.
about his feelings.  Even though he and Cas had been seeing each other for a while now, they never acted couple-y around him.  There were no little public displays of affection or cute nicknames.  If Dean hadn't fessed up to it, Sam never would have known they were a
"Hey," Cas said softly.  "I told you before, there's no shame in this, sweetheart. People do this for all sorts of reasons.  Everyone does what they need to do to get through life, and if this helps you, don't deny yourself."
"Because your brother has more father issues than anyone I've ever seen, Sam!  He never had a childhood.  He's been raising you from the time you were born.  This has been so therapeutic for him.  It's helping him heal.  You said yourself you've noticed the changes in him, right?"
"No pressure.  Just let me know. My brother Sam is going next weekend too, actually, and he hardly ever goes."
"No," Dean sighed. He wrapped his arms around Cas's torso, then began stroking firmly up and down his back, making him moan and arch his back."I'm not mad at you. I'm just a little worried tonight. I wouldn't freak out as much if you'd decided to take it yourself, but I'm pissed that someone forced it on you. Who gave you that pill, Cas?"
Sam was biting his lip to keep from laughing, but he quickly managed to get himself under control. "I take it you're
"Okay," Dean said, desperately trying to change the subject.  "No more crying, no more chick flick moments.  Let's get you out of here.  Where the hell are your clothes?"
"That sucks," Dean shook his head sympathetically.  "I had a boss once who was forever changing procedures without telling anyone and then he'd freak the fuck out if people weren't following them.  I guess we were supposed to be psychic."
"I don't know!" Dean growled, now frustrated.  "It's Crowley!  He doesn't..."  He sighed as he glanced at Cas's trembling body.  "I guess he thinks I want you.  And I guess he thought by doing...
Dean frowned, looking around suspiciously.  When he was certain he was still alone, he shoved the door open with his shoulder, ready to open fire, but he was abruptly stopped in his tracks.
Dean chuckled, finally managing to evade Cas's grip and sitting up. "Hey, would you mind uh..." he motioned to his cum-stained t-shirt and wrinkled his nose.
He didn't mean to stare, but he just couldn't stop stealing glances.  Dean looked so small and vulnerable when he was in this state of mind.  Part of him wondered if his brother had ever done this with Mom. He could just picture little Dean, curled up next to her on the couch, watching cartoons as she stroked his hair.  Another wave of sadness overcame him as he thought about it - not only for Dean, but also for himself.
They made their way back to the living room and Dean flopped down on the sofa, lazily slinging a leg up over the arm, while Cas sat down rigidly as always.  Dean was immediately engrossed in Dr. Sexy, but he couldn't help stealing a few glances at Cas as he watched.
. You've just been closing yourself off for so long, it's going to take some time and practice.  You're going to be fine.  Just treat this like you would when you and I go to dinner.  I mean, it's the first time you've gone out, so hopefully there won't be too much pressure.  Just talk about shit!  Your job.  Your cat.  Books.  Movies. Your incredibly handsome older brother."
"I guess," Tom sighed.  He continued rubbing down every square inch of Cas until he was satisfied he was dry enough, and then worked the towel through his hair. "Alright, Casanova," he chortled as he began combing his unruly hair back into place with the help of a little hair pomade. "Let's get you where you need to be so I can call your little boyfriend."
He watched in awe as Cas, without hesitation, inched his shorts off and tossed them onto the floor.   "Wow," he breathed. "Little excited tonight?"
"Fuck, you're smooth," she panted as he winked and fixed her skirt again.  She cleared her throat quietly as she took a minute to compose herself.  "Well this was fun.  If you're ever passing through town again..." she said, reaching into her purse to jot down her number, "give me a call."  She shoved the scrap of paper into the pocket of his flannel shirt and gave him a quick peck on the cheek before opening her car door and strutting away.
Dean smiled, shaking his head at Cas's stubborn streak.  "Alright.  If you hate it, we'll come back in," he agreed.  "Here, let me."  He knelt in front of him and took off Cas's wet shoes.  "It's not difficult, you just want them laced nice and tight..." He loosened the laces first and presented the skate to Cas to step into. "Are your toes okay?  Not squished, are they?"
Dean felt his pulse and his breathing quicken as he realized what was about to happen.  Cas was looking at him like he was about to devour him, and he had a brief second of panic as he realized there was no turning back if this happened.  Their friendship would be forever changed and...
"Then I'm going to lick and suck everything I can get my mouth on," Dean continued.  He suckled and nipped at Cas's collarbone as he unzipped his pants, and Cas shivered as the cool air of the room hit his thighs.
"Okay," Dean said tentatively. "But no ass stuff." After all, he wasn't really into that sort of thing. Obviously.
Gabriel stared out his bedroom window, watching the snow as it fell heavily from the sky. The area was under yet another snowstorm warning, and he was worried sick waiting for Cas to get home.
Cas had dressed Dean today in a Batman logo t-shirt and comfortable knit shorts, an outfit not too unlike what he often wore to bed.  They had to be extra careful when scening at the bunker, just in case Sam should show up unexpectedly, so Cas was always cautious to cover their tracks.  He knew Sam would be home soon, but he couldn't bear the thought of waking Dean with that peaceful little smile on his lips. Still, he had worked too hard to get him to this point, and the last thing he needed was for Sam to find out about their kink habits, even if this particular one was fairly tame.  Cas couldn't care less, of course, but Dean had a surprisingly fragile ego under all that bravado, and he would be mortified if Sam found out he enjoyed reverting to a childlike version of himself.
"Hmm," Dean continued rubbing their bodies together. "And yet, you haven't made any attempt to move..." he noted, teasing a finger down the back of his pants.
"See?  So freakin' cute.  But I know there's a bad boy in there somewhere," Dean whispered close to his ear.  "And when he's ready, we're going to have
"But," Cas protested. "I didn't mean it then! I'm not sure what happened!  Please, Dean?" He rolled his hips, grinding away as he tried his best to convince him. "Doesn't this feel good?"
Dean wasn't really sure what to do in this situation, so he just squeezed him tighter, trying to let him just cry out whatever was bothering him.  He stood there in his sopping wet clothes, waiting for Cas to catch his breath.  When at last the sobs finally slowed, he tried again.
"And now the best part," Dean said, lying on his back next to him.  He held out an arm and Cas slid in next to him, resting his head on his shoulder.  "I get to hold you like this... Feel your bare skin on mine... " He wrapped his arms around him and Cas purred happily as he tightened his grip around Dean's waist. "And rub at these tight muscles in your back... And kiss you to sleep..." he said, pressing lazy little kisses to his lips and cheeks.
Cas shook his head.   "I just help sometimes.   You and Sam are the heroes," he said, Ambriel's  words echoing in his mind.
"The frizzante it is," Dean nodded to the waiter as he handed the menus back.   "Thank you.   So," he turned back to Cas.  "Day off today?"
"Finally came looking for me, huh?  It's about damn time," Dean growled.  "I've been waiting for you."  He took a few steps back, dragging the man with him as he positioned them both in front of the mirror.  "Did you really think I wouldn't notice?" he snarled, making eye contact with his reflection.  "All night long, and you thought I could just let it go?"  He pressed the trembling body close to his own and continued.  "Well I hate to tell you, but I noticed. That ridiculously obvious boner you've been trying to hide in those cheap-ass Sears suit pants..."
," he sighed blissfully.  "And he was really understanding about my issues.  I um...  I even passed out in front of him earlier in the night."
"Well, you've had plenty of reasons. But good for you, bro. You'll be just fine. Do you need anything else, supply-wise? I'm not totally in the know on dude-sex."
"Thanks," Dean beamed.  "Sometimes I have a vocal, sometimes not.  I like creating my own stuff for the CD, but it's really all about the live gig for me.  The energy is so intense.  I feed off the crowd, to be honest."
"Hey, Little One," he whispered.   "Sammy will be home soon.  Would you like to go up to your bedroom and nap some more?"
Charlie grinned.  "Exactly!  Alright, I've got to go open up and start checkout duty.  Want to go to McDee's for lunch with me later?"
"Ohhh god.  That's it, baby. That's good." He tightly gripped Cas's hair, arching his back as he moaned.
Cas stood there silently, staring at him as if he were peering into his very soul.  Hell, for all Sam knew, maybe he was.   "You'd... "  Cas paused to think, struggling to find the right words.   "You can't just
Dean let out a shaky sigh and gripped Cas's hand as the song ended, and they stayed quietly frozen in that spot for what seemed like hours before Dean finally spoke.
Cas pulled away, rolling over until he was face-to-face with Dean.  "You can't drive home in this.  Didn't you hear them?  Stay off the roads unless absolutely necessary."
Cas wobbled awkwardly, cursing as he tried to catch his balance.  "Oh god, I can't even stand on the carpet.  How am I going to stand on ice?"
"Whoa, whoa.   Where is this coming from?  Is this about the Lucifer thing again?  I told you, Cas.  That was the best shot we had.  And it was a brave, selfless decision.  I'm proud of you for that."
sexually open and active guy, alright? This guy that used to work for me... We were good friends, and he asked if I wanted to grab a beer after work. I don't remember why we ended up at his place, but we started talking about women we'd dated. We were both tipsy and horny and one thing led to another... Like I always say, if it feels good, do it. Of course sometimes you don't
Cas knitted his brows in confusion.   "Dean... Since I became human again, I feel," he paused, struggling to explain himself.  "I feel
had no problem getting out of bed like some people in his position, but he had a hard time finding joy in anything.  Most of the time, he felt robotic; like he was just going through the motions, so he was good at these menial, repetitive tasks.
," Cas breathed, utterly confused at why he found this so arousing. His dick was already standing at attention, and his mouth had gone completely dry.
The phone clicked as Gabriel hung up and Cas sighed again. While deep down he was grateful to have someone check on him when he didn't feel like taking care of himself, it could also be really freaking annoying when he just wanted to be left alone.  He reluctantly crawled out of bed and rifled through his dresser for a pair of sweatpants and he slid them up his hips.
, my ass," he scoffed. "Fess up, Pretty Boy," he said, grinning like a loon as he waited for Dean to speak again.
Cas shot him his most sympathetic puppy eyes.  "I know it does.  I'm sorry.  I'll heal Sam in the morning too.  Do you need..."
"Just drink. I think someone slipped you ecstasy, Cas. You're hyper, talking fast, sweating profusely, you look all... I don't know.  Blissed out.  You'll be fine, just drink so you don't get dehydrated, 'kay?"
"Perfect.  Oh, before I do the other one," he said, flipping the skate upside-down and taking the blade guard off.  "See how the blades are?  They have two edges.  So when you're on the ice, I want you to put most of your weight on the inside edge, okay?"
,"Cas simpered, his scarlet face and his guilty conscience giving him away.  "W-we didn't!  Why would you think we..."
Cas rolled his eyes and clapped a hand to his face in exasperation.  "You complain that this can't be sexual, and yet you're getting turned on?"
In the warm haze of sleepy bliss, wrapped in Dean's arms as usual, Cas stiffened, a chain of anxious thoughts suddenly running through his head.
When he opened his eyes ten minutes later, Cas felt normal again.  Well, except for the fact that he was somewhat mortified that this kind stranger had just talked him through a stupid panic attack.  He rubbed at his face anxiously and struggled to sit up.
Though Cas didn't feel much like going out the last few days, he was also pretty eager to see Dean again. "I-I'd like that," he managed, suddenly shy again.  "Hopefully I can get my ass out of bed that day..." he sighed.
"Hey. Uh. I'll be there in a minute, I just..." He yelped as Dean came walking into the hallway with Scout curled up and purring contentedly in his arms.
Cas nodded as Dean put an arm around him and lead him past the circulation desk, where Charlie gave them a suspicious look, then herded him out the front door.
"Mmmhmm," Cas hummed. " It's definitely something I want to do again, if that's what you mean. And again..."
"It's Dean," the voice said, and Cas vacillated between relief and panic. He didn't want Dean to see him like this.  Good thing he hadn't walked out naked like he did some mornings.
to do, but the anxiety stops you.   So, if we can do them together... I mean, I kind of like being the one you trust to..."  He took a deep breath and kissed Cas's cheek.  "Look, you're not seeing anyone else, are you?"
"I know," Dean murmured. "You've been needing this a long time, haven't you?" He reached out and caressed his cheek, intensifying his gaze until Cas took the hint and leaned in close. The growl that escaped Dean's throat sent goosebumps up Cas's arms and he shivered again as their lips met. He'd never felt such an intense feeling of longing and it was making him anxious and frustrated.
Dean laughed and nuzzled at his shoulder.  "Well till then, I guess I'll just have to take advantage of your sleepiness by spooning you until the plows go by.  What time is it anyway?".
"I'm doing okay.  Not great, but a little better I guess. I've had a few bad days, but I'm starting to have good days again too.  Well," he paused. "Maybe not good
"You're okay," he whispered.  "I'm here with you, and this will pass.  Just breathe deep and slow for me, okay?"
"Let's just hurry and get this over with," one of the men grumbled to his partner. The taller of the two men reached forward, securing a locking metal collar around the angel's neck as Cas glared defiantly at him. The metal was cold against his skin, and Cas made a quick note of the markings on it.
"Good," Sam smiled. "I've been looking into schools for library science. I have some questions for you later if you don't mind."
"Alright. Leftovers are going home with you then, Cassie," Gabe winked as he stood to begin clearing the table.  Cas and Dean jumped up to help, but were quickly shut down.
"No," Cas said firmly.  "Just shut up for a minute.  I know we haven't been doing this relationship-thing long, but you have serious problems showing affection outside of sex.  I-I want to touch you, Dean," Cas stuttered awkwardly, his face flushing a bright shade of pink. "I want to kiss you, comfort you, hold you in my arms.  And not just when we're having sex."
"Cas," Dean grinned, slowly stripping off his remaining clothing. "Come here."  He spread his arms wide and pulled Cas into a crushing hug, nibbling at his neck once again.  "Stop worrying about it," he breathed.
"I am going to run my hands over every square inch of you," he growled as he loosened Cas's tie and flung it to the ground.  His fingers deftly began unbuttoning his shirt, and he paused to kiss each new swatch of skin he uncovered.
was rushing through dinner just so that he could get into littlespace faster. He didn't want to think about that too much.  He knew he was fucked up in terms of daddy issues,  but at least this was helping him work through it.
Sammy blushed as he suddenly realized he'd been lost in his own little world.  A look of confusion and recognition crossed his face, and for a brief moment, he was Sam again.  Still, he nodded obediently and began picking up the toys.
The suddenly embarrassed tone of Dean's voice just about ripped Cas's heart out, as he realized Dean thought he was making excuses.  He was way too intimately acquainted with that embarrassed feeling to leave Dean hanging.  "N-no," he interrupted.  "I-I'd like to.  I just um.  Need a few minutes," he cringed at his reflection,  lamenting how pathetic he sounded.
Dean sighed.  "He's gonna find out eventually.   We're going to slip up, or I won't be able to snap out of it fast enough..."
Cas nodded as he pulled away.  "Not intentionally. Ryan shoved it in my mouth and I accidentally swallowed it.  I tried to puke it up but I couldn't. How did you know that?"
"S'okay, baby. Like I said, it's difficult for me too if I take ecstasy. I uh... I'm really close though. Is it okay if I... uh. Mmm..."
"Hey Cas, " Dean replied without missing a beat. He closed his laptop, feeling pretty damn thankful that Cas hadn't shown up fifteen minutes later. He slammed down his shot of whiskey before he spoke again. "What's up?"
in here.  Merry Christmas, Cas," he grinned as Cas, still a little dazed from his conversation with Gabriel, stood to give him a hug. "How have you been?"
Cas hadn't been sleeping long when he was violently jostled from the warm pillow of Dean's shoulder. He groaned and blinked hard, willing his eyes to focus in the darkness.
