Then they had gone inside for fresh made ravioli, and gone to bed to do their wedding night right.
They both waited in perfect silence to see if anyone had heard and was coming. After a few minutes of tension they both relaxed, and Steve didn’t try to touch his ankle again.
Rhodey nodded and drove off. Tony approached the door and jiggled the handle of the back door they used for deliveries and trash. It was locked. It was also electronic, and that meant it was only a few seconds work for Tony to connect to it with his phone and hack it. He made his way inside the building, ducking behind corners whenever he heard footsteps. He made it to an emergency stairwell and descending into the lower levels of the building to where the electrical systems were stored. Before he could get to Obie he had to make it past several layers of automated security, including scanners, automatic weapons hidden in the walls, and silent alarms that would summon peacekeepers from all over the city. Rather than try to hack through all of them, Tony was going to shut the whole system down.
“Going home sounds nice. I could see my sister again. Do you have anyone you’re trying to get home to?”
He walked through the halls, checking every room one by one for his wayward fiancé. At the end of the hall he stopped. He hadn't been in any of the bed rooms. The room at the end of the hall had his suitcases, but no Tony. He went back to the kitchen, figuring he had missed him. He wasn't there either. Had he gone into one of the bedrooms in the boarded up section? Why would he do that? He went back through all of the open rooms and checked again, looking in closets and under beds. He wasn't there. He went to the empty side of the house. The boards were untouched. He looked outside, and the truck was still where they parked it last night, so he had to be somewhere in the house. He went back to the kitchen. “I can't find Tony.”
“Why not?”
“Pretty much,” confirmed Black Widow.
“Nothing.” he said finally.
“You want to lick the bowl?” Steve offered, already licking the spoon.
Tony bent over and looked at her curiously. “How do you know? She looks exactly like all of the other cows.”
“It has to be here.” Pepper declared. She had worked as the treasurer before the coup. “We’ve all heard the stories, of how the Captain tamed the first dragon. How he was small, too small to fight, so he found another way. He crept into a dragon's cave in the dead of night, inteading to try to capture it and set it loose in the battle the next day to cause havoc. Instead as soon his he brushed its side it awoke, and locked eyes. They formed a unbreakable bond between man and beast, giving the dragons the gift of speech and the human accelerated healing and good health. They went into battle the next day, and won us the first victory of the war, the dragon raining down fire from above.”
Bucky stood up and pulled on the clothes Steve handed to him. “So what all did I miss? How have you guys been doing?”
“Your parents.”
“Monsters! Murderers!” he yelled.
“I am not who either of you think I am. In my past-”
“Heal them.”
Steve knew he should go downstairs and apologize to Tony and Clint. He should be working with the others to try to come up with another plan. But after months of worrying, he had finally reached his breaking point. He was done caring. Steve buried his head in his pillow. It smelled like sweat and cows since he still hadn’t fucking done laundry. He threw it on the floor and went to sleep.
“More traps?” Natasha asked.
He slammed his laptop shut. What did it mean? It was going to bother him until he figured it out. Rhodey wouldn’t know. He couldn’t ask Obie without admitting to hacking the footage. If he wanted to know what it meant, he had to go straight to the source... Steve Rogers.
Steve stepped between Tony and the shelf of hot sauce, a panicked look on his face. “No! You are not trying any more hot sauce!”
Steve got out of bed and reached for his shoes. He put one on and stopped. He was home now, he didn’t have to wear shoes. He wasn’t going to a public cafeteria, he was going down the hall to the kitchen, where the bottoms of the pans were all black from Tony’s attempts to cook and Natasha made sure all of their knives were razor sharp and the cups were plastic and the table was solid steel because Tony didn’t trust Thor not to break anything. He took the shoe back off and padded down the hall in socks, feeling weirdly vulnerable. Inside the kitchen Natasha and Clint were arguing over what to make and who should make it, Vision and Wanda were making eyes at each other from across the table, Rhodey and the spider kid were going over a stack of papers that looked suspiciously like math homework, and Tony was standing in his corner with the coffee machine watching over everyone with an indulgent smile. Steve leaned on the counter next to Tony, and it felt like everything clicked back into place.
“Spring!” Tony yelled with glee. “Now slap about ten extra exclamation points on that bad boy, SHIELD needs to know you’re serious. Next question!”
“Yeah! And Tony’s with me, he’s fine too! Have you seen Clint and Natasha?”
Tony stopped walking and turned to look at him. “But we’re not strangers, are we? I’ve been stuck in this stupid loop for decades, I know you better than I know my own mother. We’ve had thousands of conversations, fought together, died together. We’ve had sex, we’ve killed each other, and we’ve done everything in between. I know you, like no one else has ever known you.”
In previous chapters, Steve agrees to marry Tony in order to use his dowry to pay off the debts on the ranch. After going to the bank, they find out they're still short. Steve and Tony have a second fight.
“Why are you here?”
Steve half heartedly kicked Clint from where he was sitting. “Leave Tony alone. He’s been very helpful with a lot of things.”
“I burned down Yankee stadium then pushed an old lady into traffic.”
“I don’t know what it feels like,” Tony confessed, dutifully closing his eyes.
The last time Steve had seen him, he had been slamming his shield into his chest, and Tony had a reactor again. It wasn’t hard to connect the dots.
“Guys, I can’t find Tony!”
“I’m dead serious. Pick, Tony.”
“She fights for you,” Tony pointed out.
Tony was used to kissing, he was used to sex. It was just for fun, it never meant anything, he was always out the door the next morning before they woke up. They kept things fun and casual in the Capital.
Tony held up his hand and tilted it side to side. “Sorta? I got one shift in when I was little, and after that they started me on the shots. That was my first shift as an adult. My pack always believed that you couldn’t control your wolf, and most werewolf myths supported that theory. I never tested it, when the consequences were attacking your friends and the possibility of being put down by a cop or ranger.
A noble man at the court like Tony was pretending to be would have no reason to know the name of a minor smith, and his career path. Tony shrugged awkwardly.
If you like my writing, please check out my other work and stay tuned for my next story. Have a great Sunday everyone!
He looked around the group to make sure everyone understood, then held himself still as Wanda swept them down to the street in a swirl of red. He landed gracefully on the ground and ran for the first enemy, arm raised back. The man was facing the other way and Steve was able to down him with a single punch, holding back enough not to kill him. He tried to avoid unnecessary casualties, and the man would be down for a good few hours, more than enough time for the police to come in a collect people with cuffs. The man’s pained grunt as he went down alerted the men around him, and they spun to face Wanda, Natasha and Steve. Wanda took a few of them down in a sweep of red magic, and Natasha got another with a swing of her stun baton. Steve charged forward to the next group. They raised their guns and fired, the blue energy blast dissipating harmlessly against the shield Wanda threw up. She dropped it and Steve took out a man with a kick. Natasha was like a ghost, dodging between men, taking them down with barely a sound and not a single wasted movement. Wanda was also taken down swatches of the militia with every wave of her arms. There was a whistling sound and the man in front of Steve fell, an arrow embedded in his chest.
Tony was laughing like crazy and holding on for dear life as Jan and Clint jumped around chanting. Steve grabbed his arm and pulled him down safely. Tony was breathless.
Steve read it through quickly and crumpled it up in his fist, his face going red. “Doesn’t say anything important. Tony, hold out your leg, I want Bruce to take a look at your ankle before I try to wrap it. Nat, Clint, go find him a good stick to walk with.”
“Wow. So if we make it through this, can we talking about sports next? Or that’s probably a level three question, we’d have to make it through favorite animal first.”
Cutting it close? The whole room was empty, they hadn’t even let the crowd in yet. Once the doors were open it was going to be at least a half an hour of people shuffling around to find their seats. Tony leaned back in his chair, putting his hands behind his head and crossing one leg over the other. “I made it didn’t I?”
Tony grabbed Steve by the arm and dragged him to the first restaurant of many. Tony got at least one thing to go from each of the restaurants, collecting pancakes and pizza and fried pickles and cookies. He spread out his haul on an empty table and started to dig in, letting out a moan of pure bliss when he bit into the most perfect slices of pizza he had ever tasted. And he had been to Italy!
“How much time will it take?” Tony asked, worried that someone would come looking for the missing peacekeeper lying in the hallway.
“Yes Sir?” the man who must have been the original Jarvis asked. Steve hadn’t realised that he had been a real person, but he shook off his shock and kept focused on his goal and his dwindling time. “Do you know where Tony is?”
Steve laughed, his smile as sunny as the day. “It is for you. Something lovely for someone lovely.” Steve took the flower from him and tucked it behind Tony’s ear. In the back of his mind Tony could feel a soft thrum of hope and affection.
“Selling or here for a buy back?” he asked with a smarmy grin and a raised brow.
So that was what it felt like to confess your love, Steve thought to himself. It didn’t go the way it did in movies, no running through airports or yelling from the rooftops or boomboxes involved.
They each picked a side and lunged, perfectly in sync after years of hunting together. Steve got a big mouthful of skin, and felt blood run between his teeth, tasting bitterly of chemicals. He let go and dived away in time to avoid the teeth of his opponent. With Stane’s head straining towards Steve, Bucky went for his throat, swiping with his claws and missing by an inch as Stane reared back. He snapped his head forward, grabbing Bucky’s leg in a death grip.
Two people came to stand beside her, the archer and Bruce. Tony made a strangled sound and tried to push himself deeper into the cave, smooshing Steve into the wall and making him grunt. Steve pushed Tony to the side and immediately the other tribute’s faces brightened.
Finally, finally, he did a perfect run. Between him and the Commandos, they slaughtered every single Chitauri in the state of New York in one grueling day. They worked their way to the very center of the city, where crouched in the center of a demolished tower, they found something new. What looked like a pit of tentacles writhed, surrounded by Chitauri and leviathans. The patrol circled it protectively. Steve had found that if he killed a leviathan, the day reset whether he died or not. He concluded easily enough that that was where he got his ability to reset, but the whys and hows were beyond him.
Then I came here and you shifted into a wolf like it was nothing, and cornered me in the basement. I thought you were going to eat me, and I wasn’t going out without a fight, so I gave in and let the shift happen. It hurt, and it was weird, but I could still think, I was still me. And I realized you were still you, and it wasn’t a fight to the death anymore, and it was pretty fun being a wolf.
Tony couldn’t see his face with Steve’s mouth pressed up close to his ear so he couldn’t tell what he was feeling.
a fucking dump! Half of it is boarded up, there’s holes in the roof, your heater doesn’t work, your sinks all leak and it took me six rooms before I found one that wasn’t full of moths! I’m not being a spoiled rich brat when I want to sleep on a sheet with no holes! I had to take apart a doorknob this morning to get out of the room! You can’t live like this!”
Except maybe it wasn’t.
“It wasn't that bad,” Steve said, trying to defend Tony, who laughed it off good naturedly. “You grew up in the depression, I'm sure if I served you some dandelions on a plate you'd tell me it was the finest salad you've ever eaten. I'm great at many things, including being just amazingly modest….”  and at that he had to dodge the mug Clint threw at him, which Steve caught before it could hit the ground and primly put back on the table outside of Clint’s reach. Tony stuck out his tongue at Clint and continued, “But I'm willing to admit that cooking isn't one of my strong suits. That's why takeout was invented. I'm the futurist, I'm waiting for the day that food comes out of a box with the touch of a button, then I'll be laughing while you look back on all the years you wasted learning to cook.” He folded his arms as Natasha snorted.
“No?”
“Hey, that’s my brother. He stays.” Steve said, indignantly. He stepped between the men and Bucky. Jan and Clint followed loyally.
“That’s nice, Tony. That’s…..nice. Just give me a minute. That’s a big task, and I need to work my way up to it.”
“Come on, Obie is an old softie.”
They spent the next few hours playing in the woods, until Steve called them all in around one. Though he wanted to play more, they still had work to do tomorrow. Clint had managed to dig up the badger, and with Jan’s help they had killed it and now were dragging it home in triumph. It would help stretch their food budget, and be a nice break from canned ravioli. He should have been hunting too, not romping around with Tony, but he couldn’t muster up any regret. It had been a really nice night. It felt like it had been forever since he had just lived, and suddenly everything mundane seemed so incredibly meaningful and beautiful. For this one night, there was nothing more important than the pleased chuffs Clint was making, the slight look of disgust on Jan’s face as she licked her feet clean, the owl above, the leaves below, and Tony, Tony, Tony.
No, no, no, Steve couldn’t die, not after all they had survived together. None of them should die, and not for something as worthless as Tony’s life and the minuscule chance that he could shut down a tradition that had been running strong for 74 years.
Tony nodded and Steve stepped out of sight. Tony curled up as tightly as he could, and made sure his jacket was zipped up to the top. Steve came back a few minutes later, and half carried half dragged Tony to a sheltered space in a gully that was protected from the wind by a bush. Steve helped him get his backpack off and sorted through it, noting the jerky and rope but no blanket. He handed it back to Tony who clutched it to his chest, adding another layer between skin and air. Steve laid him down and curled around him, his back providing another barrier against the wind. He wrapped an arm around Tony’s stomach, below the bag. His arm was solid and warm.
Steve shrugged. He walk back to the laundry room, where the machine had stopped again, making a angry grinding noise. He pulled his clothes out, and rinsed them in the sink. He wrung them out the best he could, put them back in the basket, and went outside and hung them up on the line. He went back inside to his room. Tony had stopped following him around, thankfully. He eyed his bed with longing, but got into the shower instead. He got out, and put the same clothes on. Give it up for day three. Maybe four. Five? He didn’t care at this point. Everything else was wet. He left his room, and went back to the kitchen. He sat down in a chair and waited. Like he had suspected, that was just what Tony had been waiting for. He crept into the room as casually as possible, and sat in the chair next to him. Steve noted he was wearing a new shirt, since he had soaked the other one. He was too emotionally drained to feel embarrassed. He nodded his head, permission to go. Tony gave him a small grin.
Steve slumped back into his chair with a defeated sigh, and hid his head in his arms. “Fuckkkkkkkkkkk. I shouldn't have done that. There is no new plan. We're screwed.”
Tony put the bag down and put his hands on its side. It felt like a bolt of electricity arced through him, and he clutched at his chest where the battery sat.
He stood up. He couldn’t do this. He stepped towards the door and a peacekeeper stopped him with a hand to the chest.
Though Tony couldn’t see him, he could tell that he was smiling.
Steve rolled his eyes and glanced around for something they could hit, settling on a crumpled up ball of paper. He tossed it underhand to Tony whose swing missed by a mile.
“Great! As soon as I get back to my lab I’ll start building. Say, you want a pair?” Tony offered. From what he could tell this guy didn’t even have a jet. He was never going to get anywhere in time to be useful, not in America where towns could be easily an hour apart and it’d take them seven hours to get to California from New York by plane.
“And when I first got over all my anger around this whole arranged marriage thing, my first thought was relief. I said to myself, “Oh thank God, someone contractually obliged to love me!” Because there’s some part of me, a little monster lurking in the back of my mind, saying that no one will ever really love me, that no one will stay unless they have to or they need me, and the second I’m not useful I’ll be tossed to the wind, and at night it comes out and devours my mind until I come running to you in the middle of the night to ask if you like me like a third grader with a crush and it’s so pathetic-“
“Baking soda!” He blurted out. “Baking soda, not soda pop...” he repeated again quietly to himself.
Steve stood up, pushing the chair back with a loud screech.
“If there were more men of the likes of you instead of Stark and Loki, the kingdom would be a safer and happier place.”
Steve seemed to be doing the same to him, taking him in like he had never seen him before. He brushed his hand down the side of Tony’s face.
“I’m not going to play your little games!” The blond kid yelled, so worked up he was almost spitting. “I’m not going to sit here like a lamb for the slaughter and pretend that this is all ok! This is wrong and you should all be ashamed of yourselves! Our lives are not a game!”
He scowled at her. “I don’t have abandonment issues. And it was Clint’s idea, maybe you should go talk to him.”
“Hey, focus, I need to ask you something. What was that symbol you drew? What did it mean?”
“Good enough.” Tony tagged him and posted it.
He pulled his shirt up and started trying to unwrap the bandages. Tony came over and batted his hand away, kneeling in front of him and carefully undoing the bandage himself. He went to the bathroom and came back with a wet washcloth, and used it to unstick all the cotton pads that were matted to Steve’s chest with blood. Tony touched around some of the smaller ones, frowning.
Stane huffed dismissively and motioned his men forward. “I make more money in a day than you will see in your entire life. I don’t care about a minuscule plot of land in the middle of nowhere. Guards, remove this man.”
The ranch house had first been built to fit about fifty. Then as the pack had expanded, more rooms had been added on, until there were over seventy bedrooms. Plus bathrooms, two enormous kitchens, and several dining and living rooms. Most of it had been boarded up for as long as Steve could remember, and it was still so much extra space that he sometimes felt like a ghost wandering through the empty halls. Back when he still had time to play, hide and seek with his older brother Bucky used to take hours. Finding Tony was going to be a huge waste of time. And what if he had picked Bucky or Ma’s room? He'd fucking kill him if he touched their stuff. He ran to his Ma’s room first. He wasn't there. He went to Bucky’s next, right next door to his own and across from his Ma’s. Not there either. He let out a sigh of relief. There were so many rooms it was unlikely he would have picked one of these, but he had faith that Tony would always find some way to piss him off. Maybe this whole marriage thing could work after all, after one day he already had faith in his partner. Now he just needed love and devotion and all that other jazz, which would be coming any day now. Yeah, right.
Steve’s mind was blank. “I love you.” He blurted out.
Steve was a short man in his late twenties, pale hair and striking blue eyes, and his fingers were long and delicate where they were resting on the doorknob. Piano fingers, is what Tony’s mom would have said. There were smears of wet paint running up his arms and his apron was covered with the stuff. He was staring at Tony with wide eyes.
Pepper immediately shifted from annoyed PA to interested friend. “Who did you meet? Man or woman? What’s their job?”
Steve shrugged. “Many do, for far less reason than her. On the eve of the Battle of the Keep I arrived newly strengthened and with her at my side, with nothing more than my word that I knew how we could win. People placed their faith in me for the first time that day, and since then I have done my best to honor that.”
Steve took a sip of his drink. “That was hurtful. I genuinely don't know why people don't like me, I’m trying to improve. That's why I was asking you.”
Tony stalked over to the plane. “Let me tell you exactly what happens here. You turn on the propeller. The sound attracts the Chitauri in the barn. You die. I die. The day restarts.”
“I volunteer as tribute!”
“We’re outside.”
They broke for the day, and after everyone else filed out of the room, Steve remained. And wasn’t that how it always went? His pa, his ma, Bucky, Peggy, the Commandos, Tony. One by one they left, and Steve remained. He rested his head on the table, looking at the empty chair where Tony had sat. There was a stripe of red color on it and Steve got up to investigate. Tony had forgotten his coat. Tony had a terrible memory, he had to set himself reminders for everything from birthdays to meetings to doing laundry. Steve was pretty sure that four people knew Tony’s social security number and not one of those people was Tony. It was no surprise he had forgotten his coat. The right thing to do would be to return it to him, but Tony was already gone. He would be back for the rest of the meetings later, and Steve would hold onto it until then. He brought the paperwork back to the room he was staying in. He dumped the papers on the small dresser and laid the coat out on the bed. There was a knock at the door and Sam poked his head inside.
“Our souls are tied, we are meant to be,” Steve insisted. To him, everything was black and white. Loki was bad, the Dragon Guard was good, and he and Tony were going to end up together, simple as that.
Tony nodded, and drifted off, the chill of the night air stopped by the warmth of the dragon beside him.
Steve tried to put his hand on Tony’s shoulder and Tony moved away, rejecting the offer of comfort with a bitter twist of his lips. He glared Steve down and finished his story with a sharp note in his voice.
“Thank you, my friends. I am glad to see that you have made up.” He pulled back. “I only hope that I may do the same with Loki. He waits in prison for now, along with his remaining guards. The mercenaries he hired have all fled and the kingdom is ours once more. Come! Let us celebrate!”
It took him over an hour of frantic typing, and he hit the final key as peacekeepers stormed into the room, guns raised. Outnumbered, Clint and Thor lowered their weapons. One of the peacekeepers grabbed Tony roughly and pulled him from the room. As they passed the cryogenics room he looked for Steve and didn’t see him. Either he was hiding or captured.
Bucky stood up and pulled him aside, shooting a glance at Tony. “Look, can we talk alone for a second?”
“You like it?” he asked.
Today was the day. He was getting married. He was actually getting married. He quickly showered, and pulled out the fancy suit from his closet. Though he would be giving up his claim to the pack by marrying him, Tony was still a Stark and the son of the previous Alpha. Him being married off with anything less than the best would be embarrassing to the pack. So, a new fitted suit for Steve, probably the nicest thing he had ever worn. Tony had been in charge of their suits, dragging all of them down to the city as soon as they finished their chores. Once there, he had shoved Steve into a dressing room with a armful of suits to try on. He spent the rest of the afternoon changing between suits that all looked the same to him, while Tony and Jan fretted over every little detail. Steve had never worn a suit before, and didn’t much like it. Then Tony threatened him with a tux, and he shut up. Eventually they settled on something, and Steve went in the next room to get it fitted while Tony looked for something for himself. Apparently he got a good one, though Steve was working off Jan’s description and at this point she was so thrilled for the wedding even a brown canvas bag would be described as ‘absolutely perfect’. Steve had figured out her over the top excitement for anything wedding related when they found out they’d be drinking from mason jars instead of real cups and she had squealed with joy, gong on about themes and hipsters, but the cool kind of hipsters, you know?
Steve considered the question for a concerningly long time, before saying, “I think I’m going to throw up.”
“Hey Tony, let's go!” He yelled from the ramp of the jet. Tony said something to Britain and came over to talk, frowning.
Funny how in all of the scenarios he had pictured at the very start of this, of all the ways their first meeting after the fight in Siberia could have gone, he had never pictured any where he reached out to Tony. It was all Tony forgiving him, or Tony hating him, completely out of Steve’s control.
“We have over one hundred people,” Tony warned.
“I figured you’d want to catch up with some of your old friends, Birdbrain. You can perch on top of buildings and eat bread together or something.” Tony said as he surveyed the situation. What seemed like thousands of large black birds flew in and out of the broken windows of a midsize jewelry store. If there were people inside he couldn’t tell through the masses of moving feathers. He curiously swiped at a bird, and as his gauntleted hand hit it, it dissolved into smoke. He landed in the street and began trying to thin out the birds, sweeping his arms back and forth as they dissolved into mist, shooting at them with his working repulsor. It was pretty entertaining, actually, and the dissolved mist made pretty swirls, like blowing out a candle.
He looked over at his friend with Bambi eyes as he settled into his chair. Steve let out an exaggerated sigh, and handed Tony a plate full of eggs with a smile. He gave his arm a playful punch and said, “Ya know, I think it was your turn to cook.”
Tony ran simulation after simulation, tracking minute angles and power couplets, streamlining the rocket and its engines until they reached unprecedented heights. Steve didn’t understand a word of the alphabet soup of math that flashed across the screen, so instead he watched Tony’s face. He watched his eyes light up when he made progress, and his nose crinkle when things didn’t pan out. Most of the time he wore an impatient frown, his displeasure at the laws of physics not bending to his whims written clearly across the lines drawn between his brows. When he rubbed angrily at his forehead, that was when Steve knew it had been a day of constant frustrations, and was time to intervene.
“I know how,” Tony insisted. “The planes all run off of batteries that I- I mean that Stark created. They can be detected so that the planes will have enough residual power to get into the air, then will crash. The catapults spin on a mechanism at the base, and if a well placed bolt is loosened then they will over extend and collapse, destroying the wall they rest on. No one will be able to tell that anything was touched until it is too late.”
What were they doing again?
“How could you even ask me that? Yes I missed you! I was a mess, you can ask Jan, Clint, anyone. The main reason I’m not still a mess is Tony, so if you don’t mind I’d really like to go see him.”
“I recognize them, I’ve taken them before. They speed up your body’s natural healing, about one week per pill. Should help with everything.”
“Yeah, go tattle back to the pack Alpha.”
Still facing the wall, Steve continued his instructions. “Ok, now focus on your sense of smell. What can you figure out about my room?”
Before Raza could strike there was a shout, and Yinsen came charging out of the bushes behind them to tackle Raza to the ground. As Yinsen made contact Raza spun and lashed out with his knife, but Yinsen had momentum on his side and they both fell to the ground, Raza bashing his head against a rock and going limp. Tony limped over and pulled Yinsen up, gasping in horror as he saw the long cut running across his throat.
“Falcon, Thor, check upstairs, Widow, Hawkeye, the main floor, I'll take the basement, lets go!”
The voice was wrong and Steve was used to his antics, so this was a new guy; not Steve with a wardrobe change or Tony with a head injury. The stranger looked annoyingly in control and well pressed in the knock off red white and blue, while Tony’s poor suit groaned and sparked, the lovely gold stained black with smoke from the birds.
When he opened them again, he was in his bed at the barracks, his unit bustling around him getting ready for the upcoming battle. He ran through the day again, and again, and again, waking up at the barracks every time he died. He used each day to become faster and stronger, to hone his reflexes to razor sharpness. He took out hundreds of Chitauri, to no effect, because they reset every day.
Steve went over to the remains of Stane’s clothes and rustled through them until he found his car keys while Tony had a hurried conversation with his three friends, who had helped as humans during the fight, beating back wolves with folding chairs. They all appeared relatively unharmed, to Tony's relief. Tony rejoined Steve and they went out to the dirt lot where the cars were parked.
Tony was bored of this. “Whatever, I don’t care.” He hung up the call. He got the contract in the mail the next day, and glanced over it. He raised the portion of money the ghost writers were getting to 100% of the total profits. He didn’t need more money, and he’d feel dirty getting anything off other people’s writing. He signed the contract and mailed it.
“Have any of you run into the two remaining people?” Thor asked.
“We don't have time for this Iron Man, follow orders.” Natasha said.
The Capital woman held Steve’s hand in the air.
Steve clasped a hand to his shoulder. “We are now much stronger because of the fine people who have rallied with you, and do not forget that I still owe you my life. Everyone here will show you the utmost respect, or feel the full weight of my disapproval. Now eat, drink. Is there anything else you need?”
After a hour of smooth travel the quinjet landed with a gentle thump. They gathered up their things and walked out the exit and down the ramp, the compound coming into sight.
He wasn’t going to let him go. After Tony did this, he was going to be the next to die. He shook his head and was forced under the water again.
“I can’t believe you said that in front of her. She’s sensitive. I wouldn’t talk about eating
Wherever they were, the Avengers were dead.
Steve blinked. His gaze had shifted up from Tony’s chest and they had locked eyes. “What?”
Hammer laughed and more laughter played from the speakers, the sound grating on Tony. It wasn’t funny, that he had been stumbling around cold and hurt, not knowing if Steve was dead or alive. It wasn’t supposed to be a joke.
“Thanks, I hate you too.” Steve said dryly, glad to finally get it out there. Tony waved his hand at him, like he was trying to wipe away what they had said so far.
Obie led him inside the tasteful office, and offered him a glass of scotch which Tony gratefully took. He sat down in one of the comfortable chairs facing the desk and Obie sat on the other side.
(See the end of the chapter for
Stane turned his back to him and one of the Peacekeepers slammed Tony face first into the wall. His chin bounced off the slick surface and he felt blood filled his mouth where his teeth cut into his cheek. The peacekeeper dug his hand into Tony’s pockets and pulled out his phone, and threw it to the ground where another peacekeeper stomped on it. They hustled them down the hallway, Tony disoriented and still half carrying Steve who was too out of it to stand.
The peacekeeper didn’t respond, staring back at him with his blank white helmet.
Steve jerked back as if struck, and Tony let his head hang down again. Tony could feel their bond breaking apart, Steve pulling away.
“You doing ok?” He asked. “You’ve been breaking things all day.”
That was enough scenarios for one night. There was nothing he could do about it now. Steve closed his eyes and forced himself to sleep.
Tony blinked a few times. Holy shit, Steve wasn’t pretending.
“You have a kid now?”
“Where were you?” Natasha asked angrily. “He’s dying, and you decided to wander off? We agreed to stick together.”
Well, not after today. This was the first time a he had stepped foot in the bank to actually pay off a loan, and not beg for more time or yet another. It was a heady feeling.
“I’m too tired to be mad, I’ll be mad tomorrow. Lay down.”
Something was wrong, something was very wrong. He tried to communicate with Tony through a look, and he looked away. Steve was frozen, unsure what was going on or what he needed to do, as hundreds of strangers stared at them.
“I’m sorry. Like you got kicked out? Or they moved?”
“You’re missing the broadcast.”
He still didn’t respond. His head felt heavy and blank. He felt like there was a thin layer of cloth between him and the rest of the world, and anything he said or did wouldn’t actually translate over. Jan pet his hair a few more times, and got up.
“Oh god, Steve is going to kill me.”
The End
Loki’s laugh quieted, and he brushed a tear from his eye. “This is too good. An army of two, trying to bring down an entire kingdom. Both caught before they could do more than smash a few engines. And now I find that your misguidance is far more comprehensive than I could have ever imagined. Guards, release him.”
“The door is jammed, I’ll get back to you,” Steve said. Outside there was muttering, then the man started shouting for the guards. Steve started tossing boxes against the door to barricade it. Tony worked as fast as he could, but there were still 18 more planes to go. He wasn’t going to make it.
Steve looked away and fiddled with a piece of grass growing between the slates of the deck. Maybe now that Bucky was back they'd have time to do more household chores like weeding. God, his brother was back from the dead and all he could think about was chores. It was just so
“I’ll watch real close.” Steve promised.
Steve whirled on him, pointing at the brown cardbox like it was a dead bird Tony had dragged into the house out of a misplaced need for approval. “Did you do this?”
“I’m sorry I called your home a dump.” Tony offered, panting on the floor.
“There are always a million things in the works, you know that,” he said noncommittally, then changed the subject. “I’m glad to see you’re safe. I’m much less happy with your performance. The teleprompter is there for a reason.”
Yinsen was going to be a doctor, he was going to save lives, and instead he died before he even made it out of highschool. And for what? Entertainment? To prove the same point that had been proven over and over for years?
The monster queen let out a screech and the leviathans abandoned their prey to come flying back. Before they could get close, Steve pulled out a belt of granades. He pulled the pins and ran. The force of the explosion knocked him out and Steve prepared to start the day again.
He reached around desperately for anything to help. His hands scrambled around the concrete floor until they found a familiar cool edge of metal. He picked up his shield and smashed it into the face of the armor. The armor’s head jerked sideways, denting open. A brown eye stared at him through the crack, wide with pain and fear. Tony’s voice broke through Steve’s frenzy.
Problem was, he had no idea what place she was talking about and had no way of asking without giving away the game. He didn’t think he was going to get an invitation back to her place if he admitted to only being the name on the cover and not much else.
“See, you say that, then when I got back you ran up here. Like actually ran. I don’t understand what’s going on.” He said with frustration.
“We sparred, we talked, and he’s staying.” Steve confirmed.
“Of course,” Tony responded without hesitation.
Everyone returned to their rooms to grab their things, and met Tony outside where he lead them to the airstrip where a new quinjet sat. They boarded and the jet lifted off without anyone touching the controls. Steve tilted his head curiously and Tony explained.
“I’m flying you to the hospital.”
Obie shook his head. “You have to follow the prompter. Being Game Master is a big responsibility, and I was trusting you to be mature enough to handle it.”
“Right.” Tony said skeptically. “Well, have fun doing….whatever it is you’re doing. I should be done with the heater by dinner, so I’ll see you then. Good luck with whatever this is.”
“He’s grumpy because he’s hungry. Let’s hurry up and get some food, I’m half starved myself.” Tony complained, and with everyone there they finally started the trip to the restaurant.
“So you can use that room, or pick a new one if you want. I’m next to Rhodey now. Let Friday know if you need anything.”
“No Steve, no more lies. I’m Lord Anthony Stark, and I forged the swords and I made the planes and I lied to you.”
The next update might take a few days, just to warn ya. I was editing the next chapter and I don't really like it the way it is right now.
Tony tapped his foot nervously, and spoke up. “What if there were a way to disable all of the planes and catapults?”
Tony eyed the river, and the thought of bending down and drinking from it made him shudder. He could still taste sand and mud in the back of his throat, and feel the water rushing in, choking him in darkness.
Steve was released from the hospital the next day, and Tony wheeled him outside and helped him into a chair inside the jet, where he settled with a groan. If he was normal he would have been there another few days at least. His fast healing and the risk of someone coming after him while he was down made the move back to the compound the smartest choice. Tony returned the wheelchair to the nurse and buckled himself in beside Steve.
“That is a lovely name.” Tony said in slight awe. Liberty preened.
Above them fake applause played and Tony dug his fingers into the arms of his chair. Winner? All he had done was lose, from the second he was appointed Game Master. Lost his job, lost his faith in Stane and in the system, lost his Capital citizen status, lost his freedom, lost Yinsen, lost the arrow draw, lost the Avengers, lost Steve. He tried to think of anything he had left, as the lights glared down blindingly and Hammer talking and laughing, existing in a world completely separate from Tony, one where pain was something that happened to other people and the worst thing he ever lost was a bet.
Steve raised his last. “To happiness, healing, hope, hearth and home.”
It looked like they would be easy enough to rearm, he simply had to reconnect the wire to the touch plate by twisting them together, then any sufficient amount of force would set it off. Tony didn’t tell Raza that, or course. He pointed to random parts of the device and used random complicated sounding words to explain how much trouble it was going to be. “Might not be able to do it at all,” Tony finished with a shrug.
He shoved Tony down into an overstuffed chair and looked him in the eyes. They didn’t have time for beating around the bush.
He entered Obie’s old password and the screen flashed green. He was in.
He stepped outside into the brisk air once again. He grabbed the pails from the barn and went to the field where the cows grazed. Dottie approached him first. “Hey girl. How are you? Are you going to be a good cow today and stay inside the fence? Or is today your big break? I think you should go for it, I think today's the day.”
“He already has a pretty big crush on you by the looks of things, he’d be stupid not to. Give him some flowers and bam! Putty in your hands! I’m a girl, I know these things.” she said with a wink.
He dialed Rhodey and waited as the phone rang.
“Yes that's right officer, disappeared from right beneath our very noses, here one minute, gone the next, please don't go look out back in the woodshed, I’ve never seen that bloody axe before in my life, no sirree.”
“Clint!” Steve yelled scandalized. “It’s not like that, okay? We’re barely not enemies! We’ve known each other for two days, I haven't thought about him that way.”
Closed, opened. He heard two sets of footsteps in the hall, one stomping forward, the other dancing hesitantly. Tony burst into the room with a wave of energy, Jan fluttering anxiously behind him.
“Oh nooooo” chorused Jan.
“I found a video from someone in the crowd, and-”
The next morning Tony was there when his alarm went off. He shut it off, and the other man didn’t even stir. He ran his fingers through Tony’s hair in a gentle pet, marveling at how soft it was. He realized he was still in his normal clothes, and felt bad. “You could have left for pajamas.”
There was a commotion outside, the sound of shouting echoing through the mine. All the prisoners looked up, wondering what was going on. The overseer walked down the row of prisoners, looking until his eyes latched onto Tony, who flinched. Being singled out was never good. Tony was shocked when instead of being yelled at or hit, he was unlocked from the line and pushed up the path and outside. Tony held up a hand to shield his eyes as he was hit by full power of the sun for the first time in months. Normally they stayed in the mines until they were brought up at nightfall to eat and rest. He blinked until his eyes adjusted, and he saw the source of the commotion. There were two men tied up and lying down in a cart, which in and of itself was not an unusual occurrence as Loki continued to root out loyalists to Thor. What had people in an uproar were the scaled metallic uniforms of the men. They must have been part of the dragon guard, the elite fighting force that were deathly loyal to the king, composed of his most trusted men that were gifted with the greatest honor of all; a dragon mount. Tony had seen the dragons sometimes, flying through the sky above the castle and resting in the stables. They were what had given him idea for an airplane. The dragons were incredibly useful for scouting and transporting messages, but you didn’t ask the king’s most favored knights to deliver your mail. Tony had learned from messages passed between travelers that all of the dragon guard had stayed loyal to Thor. Half of them had been taken down in the coup, the rest had fled to the mountains to regroup and start forming the resistance. Tony had been planning since the moment he got here on how he would get himself and the rest of the prisoners to the rebel camp. These men would be able to direct them through the many trails weaving through the mountains, if they survived.
Footage of him yelling at the first interview,
Tony found himself liking everyone more and more as they chatted and walked. They didn’t have the unending need to show off like the people of the Capital, and they didn’t make cruel jokes or give backhanded compliments. He started to believe that Steve’s plan of them standing together through the end might have a chance of working after all. Expectations of the games be damned, he couldn’t imagine any of them turning on each other or him.
Tony zipped up his bag and stood. “Well in that case, I guess I’ll say that I’ll miss you and you cows, Mr. Rogers.”
“I change my mind, the wedding is off.”
And it was no longer enough, he reminded himself. Explain, don't fight.
Jan let out a confused “Seriously???” As Clint whooped. “Holy shit! No way!
“Love bite, you big baby. And now you’ve gone and eaten all my eggs.”
“Districts 1, 2, and 3 have the most, since they’re closest to the Capital. I’m familiar with everything you guys have here, at least that I’ve seen so far. It tapers off as you get into the more rural areas, and personally I don’t think Steve has ever used a tablet, though he is familiar with telephones and cameras. Steve is the guy from 12,” Bruce said.
He didn't want to think about what that meant. Later, once he was back in the Capitol, he would get the full story for why his weapons were being misused like this.
“He was still a wolf, so nearest vet.”
We're in the middle of the enemy's castle, we could be caught at any time, do you really wish to push this?"
Clint laughed, and Sam hid a smile behind his hand. Steve loudly gathered the plates and put them in the dishwasher to hide his quiet chuckles. Natasha kept her poker face except for the crinkles in the corner of her eyes, a tell she refused to admit. Meanwhile Tony explained in loudly and in detail that no, it wasn’t a kitten, it was a modern Art Deco of a cat, a historically and culturally significant animal, and besides, it was the largest mug in the house, and they were all just jealous.
Steve got up and got got dressed. His shirt was dirty. He hadn't had time to do laundry yesterday, he was going to put it in over night and he forgot. Again. Was this the fourth time he wore this shirt? He couldn't remember. He put it on anyway. Maybe If he was lucky it would annoy Tony. He went down stairs and poured himself a bowl of cereal.
“No.”
Steve stared at him. “Tony, we’re in a fight to the death. Why are you offering me jerky?”
“Tony-”
Bruce nodded. “Yeah, it’s just a sprain. Hold still and I’ll wrap it.”
He tried to walk past but Bucky grabbed his arm. “It’s like you’re not even glad I’m back. It’s all Tony this, Tony that. Did you even miss me?”
After Tony had fought Stane, Steve had charged in moments later along with the rest of the Avengers and they had rushed him to the med center and demanded the best doctors in the city fix him. Tony had woken up the next day with Steve holding his hand in a death grip and the rest of the Avengers sitting in uncomfortable chairs half asleep.
“Ok, so used to be the hotshot for the weapons development team at Stark Industries. I’m not going to make missiles anymore. That’s a big no. But, I still have my Master's degree, right? I know how to design fins and thrusters for missiles, I could do it for civilian aircraft or space shuttles no problem. But there's no way I could make 15 grand in three weeks consulting. So, I make a new design, pick a company, and sell the rights. I’ve done it before, or at least I’ve built something and legal helped patent it for me. I could do it again, and BAM! Fifteen grand, in the bank. Then I get a job consulting, and hopefully between me and your cows that will be enough to keep the ranch afloat.”
“What’s the emergency?”
“More than ready.”
“I’m not perfect. If I see a situation pointed south, I can't ignore it. I have to step in. Maybe you’re there, maybe you’re not. Maybe I go down when someone shoots me. Maybe I get taken out by rubble. It’s an honor to die fighting to protect people.” He looked up at Tony, hoping he would understand. He was shaking his head.
“I’m sorry, I’m so so sorry that you got stuck with me.”
“I was dead? I’ve been here this whole time! You were the one who disappeared! Where were you? Is more of the pack still okay?” Steve asked, with an impossible surge of hope. If Bucky was still somehow okay……
“And now I’m here, and it’s surprisingly nice, when you’re not moping. So now it’s your turn. Tell me what happened to your pack.”
“Why would you need to fake that?”
“So? Why do we care what a bunch of strangers think?”
“They don’t look like muffins,” Tony said hesitantly. “Maybe they need more time?”
Steve frowned, concerned. “You’re not trapped here, you can take the truck and visit home. And we go into town every other day to drop off the milk and eggs at the grocery store and a few other houses, you can come with us tomorrow.” He probably should have clarified that earlier. He didn’t want Tony to feel trapped, even if he had just broken Dottie’s soft marshmallow heart.
Steve hesitated. “Yeah.”
All of the trees were covered in a thin layer of ash, and it muffled the sounds of them knocking. Tony ended up being the first to find a tree that sounded wrong, and he felt around the trunk until his fingers found the barrel of a flame thrower, flush with the bark. He probed around more until he found the tiny latch, and it swung open. Inside of the tree was the barrel and body of the flamethrower, and a thick cord of multicolored wires leading up to the top where there were cameras. The wires and the gas line disappeared into thin holes bored into a sheet of plastic, which was attached with screws to the sides of the tree. Natasha was able to use her knife to undo the screws, and she and Clint were able to pull out the sheet of plastic flooring, with the flamethrower still attached. Tony unscrewed the gas line from the barrel and knotted it shut, and Bruce and Clint worked to roll it away and bury it under ash and crumbling branches. As they rolled it off Tony saw the President's official seal stamped into the bottom, meaning that Obie had personally approved the shipment.
“What do his parents think of him going out to fight crime?”
“Hurry back sugar.”
“Yes, Steve?”
Nothing came up.
“It’s true.” Tony whispered.
They were back in the mines the next day, rushed out of bed and into the darkness before Tony had time to check the Captain’s wound. Vanko put Steve next to Tony at the end of the chain. For the most part Steve rested.
They arrived at the edge of the clearing in the center, and lurked at the edge of the trees to see if anyone else had arrived. There was a blond boy and a smaller brown haired boy sitting on top of the cornucopia, and Steve ran towards them with Tony a step behind. “Thor! Bruce!”
“You can stop now,” Steve said, finally getting a grip on one of the strings and pulling it over.
Tony laughed and clapped him on the shoulder. “Sounds good to me. Now who wants pizza?”
He wanted to make Tony happy more than he wanted to keep sleeping. He kept his eyes open.
Tony knocked his hand away and stood. “If that’s your version of love, then I want nothing to do with it, or you.”
Whatever happened next, whoever drew the arrow with a tip, Tony was not going to be the one to survive. It was a relief in a way. He wouldn’t have to worry about uncovering years of betrayal, or fighting against a vast and uncaring system to try to end the games. He could follow Steve into the woods where it was quiet and dark, the snow falling until all his sins were wiped away under a smooth white blanket, and underneath it he could drift off to sleep, and dream of a world where they all made it safely home.
“Mayhaps I am trying to protect myself.”
“Fine, whatever, I’m going.”
“It’s the most harmless subject I could think of. And it was in the SHIELD briefing packet on how to make new friends in the twenty first century.”
“Any enemy of Loki’s is a friend of mine. Will you stand and fight with us?”
In this chapter, Steve tries to flirt and Jan and Clint try to help. They're not very good at it.
“No no no, I’m going to help you, you’re going to be ok, and you’ll get to go back to your sister.”
“Will you follow me?”
“I dunno Tony, that was pretty weak. Are all your retorts this bad and I never noticed because I can't catch the references?”
This felt quiet. This felt safe, and warm, like an extra log on an already roaring fire. He turned his head and breathed in the faint smell of metal and cinnamon from Tony’s hair, and wrapped a arm around him protectively. “Goodnight, Tony.”
“Yeah?”
It was Thursday, which meant movie night at Avengers tower. Things were still tense from the events earlier that day. Normally Sam, Thor, Clint and Natasha shared the couch, while Steve and Tony squished together on the small love seat in the corner. Today as they sat down Tony nabbed Clint’s spot.
Steve shrugged and rubbed a hand through his hair. “Well, to be honest we’ve been having a rough time of it. I never know what the hell I’m doing, you know that. I was never supposed to pack leader.”
“Your human form is going to have better sight and better feeling, especially in the hands. Focus on that. What do you see?”
Steve barked out a laugh. “Not even close.” He closed his eyes and sighed. “He doesn't like you.”
Bruce’s eyes widened and he nodded, following Tony to a table outside the room.
“This is a train wreck.” said Clint. Jan nodded, the two very different siblings for once in complete agreement.
“I’m going to need more than that.” The challenge was clear. Tit for tat, sob story for sob story. Nothing short of that would do.
“Yup. If you don’t mind me asking, why are you in town?”
“It sure is. And you know what else? I made out with Captain America on the couch. I didn’t let him do dishes. Steve, you’re going to have to kick me out of the country. I’ll go be Canadian, and live wild among the moose.”
“Then you won’t mind drawing straws. Clint, give me your arrows.”
“No.”
“Look! Look at your friend! He has realized that there is no where to go. And now he will learn what happens to those who break the rules.”
“I do. Do you forgive me?” Tony asked.
He rounded the corner of the castle and froze. The small building that had been his safe refuge for the past ten years was on fire, all of his hard work and his only chance of fighting back were now up in smoke. A group of men circled around the building, fanning out to surround Tony. Tony held up his frying pan, and the man in front laughed. It was Rumlow, one of Thor’s captains. The rot in the government ran deep, much deeper than Tony had ever believed possible. He hadn’t been paying attention, all too happy to stay locked away in his little forge, tinkering away and not worrying who exactly he was building things for. Rumlow stepped forward and knocked the pan out of Tony’s hands with a quick swipe of his sword. He kicked Tony in the stomach, and he fell to the ground with a pained
“My favorite… what?”
The birds began flying closer, the circle of free space shrinking, forcing Cap to step closer to the villain and Captain Britain, who laid beside him with the gun aimed at his head.
“You shut up. At least I’m trying.” Tony looked like he either wanted to murder him or go cry. Maybe both. Steve kinda felt like crying too.
“I was mad at you. You yelled at me for going in to fight the birds alone then did the same thing today.” Tony retorted, punching his arm playfully. “I think I figured it out though. You’re upset about Brian.”
Steve tightened his arms around Tony and pressed his forehead into Tony’s back. “Thank you.”
Tony could hear him grabbing his gear and running in the background, the sound of the jet growing louder as he entered the hanger located in the top of Avenger’s tower.
Tony threw his hands up. “It
“Where is Tony’s room?”
“You said you wanted water? There you go.”
“You’ll get hot.” Steve mumbled.
The stranger hugged him.
Be polite to your future spouse, he told himself as he hopped out of the truck bed.
Nothing came up.
“Aren’t you mad at me?”
Tony recognized him immediately, and how could he not? He was King Thor’s most loyal knight, the leader of the Dragon Guard, and the hero of the great war. Though Tony had never met him in person, he recognized his face and knew his name- Steve Rogers. Tony remembered being at the armory to drop off his latest batch of weapons, and watching a dragon descend from the sky in a flurry of wings. Tony knew the beasts were huge, but seeing it in person impressed upon him for the first time how truly large they were. The dragon stretched the full length of the courtyard, and it stood twice as high as their largest horse, filling the air with a crackling energy. The dragon stared at Tony who was standing frozen, its eye as large as his fist and shining with a weird intelligence. Tony felt himself being sucked in, and he stepped closer as everyone else drew back in fear. The dragon smelled warm, like an barn cat’s fur after it had been sleeping in the sun. Tony found his hand stretching out, a need to touch the smooth blue scales bursting to life inside him. The dragon snorted a jet of steam at him and he jumped back with a yelp. For a second Tony got the impression of laughter, the dragon’s eyes dancing and tail flicking. Then the rider whistled and the moment was broken. The rider dismounted and Tony recognized him as the Captain. He hurried inside the castle, and Tony went back to his work, the image of the dragon’s burning blue eyes still haunting him. The Captain had looked good then, tall and strong in his uniform, light blond hair tousled from the wind and glinting in the sunlight. His stride and movements were confident, coming from years of command. Now he was still and pale. Blood darkened his shirt, and Tony pulled it up to reveal a long jagged cut. It wasn’t too deep, and he sighed in relief. Even his meager skills could handle this. He left to get supplies, the overseer watching him closely. He cleaned the cut with water, dabbing at it carefully with a cloth. Once he was satisfied, he threaded a needle and made a row of neat stitches, tying the skin together and stopping the bleeding. He finished by wrapping the man’s chest to try to keep everything clean. There was always dust in the air around the mine and an infection when he was already so weak would prove fatal for the Captain. His work done, Tony stepped back. The overseer examined his work and nodded.
“Aw Spangles, you're no fun.” Tony complained as Steve unapologetically plucked the mug from his hand, and drank the rest of the coffee. He got up and put it in the sink.
Everything fell apart. I had to sell most of the cows, because we didn’t have enough people to take care of them and we needed to get money for the funeral somewhere. We did everyone all at once, 17 coffins all lined up. Closed of course, since some were empty and the ones that weren’t…. well. They filled the front of the church, then ran all the way down the sides. There was us, and a decent number of people from town. Hard to grow up in a small town like this and not make friends. We had enough casserole by the end of it to feed us for a good month, which was helpful since none of us can cook anything beyond canned pasta.
“You trust me with your life but not muffins?”
Steve shifted from foot to foot. “Yeah, global override. Covered the jets, his suits, any lock or door in the compound. He would have disabled it the second we went rogue.”
Jarvis nodded and lead him into the house and down the hall to a room spilling over with noise and light. Steve entered and found it was a kitchen, and he paused in the doorway to take in the scene. A brown haired woman stood at the stove stirring a pot of pasta, and the smell of pie whafted from the oven. Jarvis gave her a kiss and joined her at the stove. Through the doorway Steve could see the dining room where all of the Avengers sat along with Pepper, Happy and Rhodey. Two clawed robots tried to set the table. At the kitchen counter a blonde woman chopped peppers for a salad while Tony stood beside her, laughing and peeling a carrot with easy strokes. He looked up and spotted Steve, his face breaking into a wide smile.
“I better go make sure they don’t set anything on fire.”
Tony gave him a cocky grin. “I’m Tony, previous heir to the Stark pack.”
“Tonnnnnnnnnyyyyyy!!!!”
Outside there was a loud bang and yelling. The President frowned and walked over to pull aside the drapes and look out the window. His grip tightened into a fist.
“So you’re mad I didn’t make it? I still haven't magically learned to cook since yesterday.”
“In the flesh!” Tony replied cheerfully. “May I come in?”
He turned and went upstairs, ignoring Tony as he called out asking what was wrong.
Tony returned to the mine and was chained back in to the rest. He chipped away at the rock, and made his plans. They all hinged on the man being able and willing to tell him the way. Tony had already organized with the rest of the prisoners to each hide away extra food to take with them along the way. They had worked in the dead of night to file down the heavy meal cuffs wrapped around their legs, enough that they would split easily with a single hit by their mining picks. They all knew the layout of the camp by the back of their hands, and a few who had been conscious for the journey up had explained the trails. All they were missing was the final location, and with the Captain’s arrival, everything might finally be falling into place. As soon as the next shipment of food arrived, they could finally be free of this terrible place and start their long journey through the mountains to freedom.
“Do you mind?” He snapped, not in the mood to deal with a drunk. The man whipped his head up, eyes wide.
“It’s alright, this was how it was always going to end.”
Tony grinned back, though his head was pounding. He didn't know who this guy was, but he liked his sass. “It's possible, not like anyone ever gave me an instruction manual. And if they did, I can promise you I wouldn't read it.”
The whole way, Steve stayed carefully within the speed limits, and they went straight to the bank. They walked up to the front door, and neither was embarrassed as they tracked dirt from the field onto the bank’s previously pristine floors. Steve was taking a gleeful satisfaction from it, stomping his feet unnecessarily hard to dislodge extra mud. He went to the receptionist and asked if Stern was in. She said he was and motioned them back with a wave. Tony followed him a step behind, his bold stride boosting Steve’s own confidence. They were really going to do this. After years of debt, months of work, it was almost over.
“I don’t want to talk about it!”
Steve agreed and Tony leaned against the counter while Steve cleaned his paintbrushes and twisted the caps back onto his tubes of paint. He scrubbed furoious at the paint stains on his arms in the sink and they didn't come off, so Steve hid them under a jacket. He politely held the door open for Tony, who pushed himself off the counter and walked out, Steve locking up behind him.
“I built him rocket boots! I spent the night putting on the finishing touches then showing him how to use them, you thought-”
“After that?” Tony asked, the blood rushing in his ears. Something felt... off. He was here, and he was also not here, and he felt too large for his skin. He needed to go outside. He needed to go back to the woods.
“Steve. Was there anyone else with me?”
“I thought you wouldn’t care. You’re fine getting covered in soot and oil.” Steve said desperately.
There was the loud beep of a parachute, and Tony looked up to the sky. Why were they getting gifts now? The first parachute dropped to the ground in front of them and Yinsen twisted it open. Inside was a tube of chapstick, the cheapest item you could send. Tony knew this because one year a group of pranksters had spent the whole games bombarding some poor tribute with thousands of useless chapsticks, much to the entertainment of the citizens watching back home.
“See, that’s why I wasn’t talking, I wanted to try to make it through lunch without fighting.”
“Is there a reason that the living room is filled with chairs? And desks, and one very beat up printer?”
Tony pulled out the wing’s central processing board and looked it over with a critical eye. “Yup.”
Tony had been hoping for more, but getting this had been risky enough as it was. His face hurt from where he had been hit and his hands hurt from hitting the glass and he didn’t even want to look at his ankle. He wondered how Steve was doing, entering the games just as beaten up and hungover to boot. The start had been so frantic he couldn’t remember if he had seen him. What if Steve was already dead? The thought bothered him. Steve might have been crazy but he was sweet in his own way and didn’t deserve to die on the first day in the arena.
“No, Steve, listen, I’m-” He had to pause to catch his breath and every time he breathed in he pressed against Steve’s side and suddenly he got why Bucky was always blowing them off to go hang out at his girlfriend Natasha’s. Tony looked up at him, and he decided that he did want a real romantic relationship with him, or at least wanted to try. It was hard to remember his doubts when he had his pack around him, laughing, and Tony in front of him, loud and rackous and aggressively full of life. He was doing his roaring hearty laugh again, that had got Steve right from the start.
Steve didn’t bother to respond to that. Instead he asked, “Why him, of all people? What does he have that I don’t?”
Tony frowned and leaned forward to rest his elbows on the table. “Didn't we already take care of this last week? Because if I'm stuck in some sort of ground hogs day, I'd rather not have it be the day a bird dropped me fifty stories.” Tony pulled out his phone and tapped at it, pulling up a hologram for the team to see as he set it on the table.
Steve just laughed. “Watch the eggs, I'm going out to take care of the cows.”
He introduced himself as Thor, and after a few inane questions Christine was shuffling him back off stage and bringing in the female contestant. Occasionally the teleprompter in the back would pass over to Tony to ask the next question, then nicely list out the question for him to say, and Tony would ask whatever the hell he wanted.
Natasha stood up. “I think I’m good,” she said, and quickly left the room. Sam snickered and Steve pointed at him.
Tony woke up on a lushly carpeted floor. He pushed himself up to an elbow, his face sticking uncomfortably to a pillow where blood had dried. Steve must have not been able to move him and had settled for getting him a pillow and resting a sheet across his back. He rubbed at his mouth and the dried blood rasped across his skin like sandpaper.
