Dean was still coming down from the adrenaline spike of a life-or-death situation and his brain really couldn't handle the disconnect of the words leaving his brother's mouth right now. He closed his eyes and let his head sink backwards to the ground. After a few deep breaths, he shook off his exhaustion in an effort of will and sat up to check on Jack.
If Dean caused a repeat of that fight now, nobody would be there to intervene this time, to bridge that gap between them. Not Dad, not anyone. They were alone in this new world, just him and Sam. And he'd broken the promise to never let things get as bad again, to make decisions as a team. What he'd done stood in defiance of the volatile balance they'd worked on for
As Sam had hoped she would, she used the moment to her advantage and rammed her elbow into the torturer's abdomen. Still crouching and focusing on his own duel, Sam lost sight of them both as he launched himself towards the second demon. The unexpected maneuver threw the guard off balance enough for him to topple to the ground right next to him.
Not even bothering to hide his eye roll this time, Castiel complied and repeated the call, with the same effect.
, I could feel it. It just wasn't strong enough yet."
"I... I did," the stranger conceded, swallowing with Dean's throat and facing the night outside the motel with a wave of longing so strong that Dean gasped. "But there's no time. I can't—"
"Interesting. I've met the guy. Always seemed a bit squirrely to me, but this is a rather extreme way of dealing with that. Then again, he's God."
"If you touch my phone, Samuel, then I
"Please tell me this mysterious cabin in the woods you found by mere happenstance isn't much farther away."
"Hell if I know!" Dean grinned slightly at his own lame pun, waiting for Sam's reaction and relieved to see the mixture of exasperation and fondness on his face. Anything, anything other than that haunted look from the dungeon.
He could
Jack swallowed and gave Roderick a thin smile in thanks that he acknowledged with an eyeroll, but Jack could swear he'd also seen a smile there before the demon averted his face. The hand remained on his arm after that, pulling him onwards over an upwards slope in the terrain.
At this revelation, Dean saw his own earlier thought process reflected on his brother's face, morphing from disbelief to doubt to stunned awe.
"Get me in! You have to find a way to open a portal and get me in!"
"Will you... help us then?" Jack asked hesitantly after having been silent for the entirety of the discussion so far.
"I... N—Naomi?"
fields to the top for good measure. The light wind was tampering with their dirt letters, but not enough to make them illegible. "This should be easier to use from the Veil than a pen, when solid objects can only be moved in short bursts."
"Deal. But only because it sort of creeps me out after what happened today."
He lifted their entwined hands from the ground. "I think we'll manage. Together."
The trail of fire continued straight into the cluster of demons at Sam's location and Jack noticed the room light up even more when the flames must have sprung over to Sam as well. The line connecting them all rose above their heads, growing outwards from each of them to create a more intricate pattern in the air that turned out to be a pentagram. Flaming symbols appeared at each side of it as if drawn with an invisible quill of fire.
"I wish I could. I was as careful as possible given the circumstances, but I had never done this before! I always much preferred the thought of staying in my own shape."
If he died, too, maybe he would get to meet Castiel again. But only if he was still angel enough to be taken to the Empty.
Rowena smirked at her own words, once more bringing her fingers to his lips and following their contour from one corner of his mouth to the other in a tingling curve. His body heeded her silent call, smiling when what he actually thought was that he was losing his mind. There was no way... they couldn't possibly...
"An angel," Dean echoed flatly and a humorless chuckle broke free from his lips that stopped abruptly when he saw the seriousness on Castiel's face. "Why would an angel... just
Dean threw a fleeting dark look his brother's way before sliding the car around so that he could continue in forward gear. The crack of thunder behind them was
"Quite the impressive move. What kind of magic was that?" Dean asked, leaning his shoulder against the wall, trying and failing to cover how much his injuries weakened him.
Blunt and loud and oblivious, the demons passed her hiding place and she waited for what would have been several heartbeats if she actually still had a heart or a body. Those projections of bodies they all wore here were another thing that intrigued her about Hell, and perhaps one she was in a unique position to explore in depth. She slipped out of the shadows and backtracked the way the demons had come from, through a corridor in the quivering light of torches, lined by old-fashioned wooden doors on both sides.
Before they had even reached the cabin's entrance, the demon was already holding out one of Dean's hands in a sidewards turn. The door snapped open and they rushed into the darkness inside. Jack heard the door fall closed behind them, muffling the outside world to dull thuds on the roof and occasional gusts of wind howling along the outer walls. His eyes slowly got used to the darkness and he could make out some sparse furniture and a window barred from the outside.
look."
he prayed, maybe in vain.
Roderick exhaled audibly. "I was afraid you'd say that. Wish that it could have been an attempt at percussion music instead."
He may not have deserved it, but he had gotten his moment of reprieve, somehow. And it had changed him, left a spark inside of him that refused to die. It remained even as the memories returned to torment him.
Listening to this, the lump in his throat grew until fresh tears formed in his eyes, shed in sympathy for all that suffering she'd never deserved, and in rekindled guilt for what he'd been forced to do. The memory of that day clawed at his insides, and it was all he could do to pull her back in.
"What was?" he asked, his voice just as hushed as hers.
, but Dean didn't even wait for it to fully arrive at its destination before following up with another question, growing urgency in his voice. "Are we on a ley line right here?"
Human bodies were a marvel, but times like these were when they proved to be an obstacle.
hugs."
It happened a third time. The memory shifted, distorted. Against all odds, this man he had almost destroyed was no longer cold in rejection and anger, but warm and welcoming. The word was spoken again. His spark solidified. Nothingness could claim him no more.
"Dean!" Jack and Sam cried out in unison, and Dean glanced back at them over his shoulder from the rim of the chasm. Jack hadn't noticed a strange formation in the air before, the jagged edges of a frayed seam floating in the open space above the chasm. It was shimmering in an oily black that seemed to suck the color out of its surroundings. So much soil had broken away that the black fissure was already quite a distance away from solid ground.
After an excruciating moment, Sam nodded. "Sure. Just give me a minute." Sam's fingers ran through his hair and to the back of his head to adjust his man bun. Dean had to stifle a groan.
Another look back reminded them that the distance between them and the corrupted part of the Empty was shrinking slowly now that they had stopped moving. This time it was Castiel who initiated a run.
"Who would have thought that the only two people to escape a collapsing universe might defy statistics, huh?" Dean asked, sitting down on the room's second bed with a small huff. "Listen, it's hard to judge with the, uh, you know." Dean made a swirling motion through the air with one hand, as if that explained anything at all when Castiel, in fact, did
"I certainly prefer
They'd all be disappointed if he died now. Especially if he died like this. They wanted him to live. Castiel and Sam had sacrificed themselves just so he could live.
"Trust you," Sam said. "I do trust you, Dean, or I wouldn't be here. You're all I have left."
The oily rift demanded both of their attention when it suddenly gurgled and sputtered.
"Where did you... how!"
He heard quiet shuffling as Rowena was moving about, but didn't pay much attention to it. The searing pain in his arm kept him from dozing off entirely, even though his body had surpassed the state of exhaustion a while ago. So he just let his thoughts drift behind closed eyes, void of coherence.
Both of them moved their blades at the same time in the attempt of a lethal stab, but once more metal hit only metal instead of flesh. Jack was faster in pulling back his arm for a surprise attack aimed lower than before, but Roderick used the battle-hardened strength of Dean's body—broken though it was—to knock both of them off their feet instead.
from a few months ago and thought I had lost the ability to continue what I had started. But whenever I get over myself and stop doubting and start writing, the words start flowing out of me (even the characters do stuff on their own! My initial plan was to start the whole thing with passage into the Empty at a later point, but of course Dean refused to wait even a moment longer and pushed Rowena into the research). That's what being a prophet must feel like, huh?
These words darkened the sky. The low rumble of thunder was everywhere. Clouds coalesced into an even thicker veil until a single strike of lightning descended from the darkness at their core, setting a tree on fire in some distance.
"I know." He tightened the embrace, understanding all too well the need to prove one's worth. "I know. But damn, never do that again." With a final pat on Jack's shoulder, he stood and helped Jack to his feet. "You good? Anything still hurting?"
"Just—just give me a moment, okay?" Sam pleaded, inhaling a few steadying breaths. "The last thing I remember is us, in Hell, surrounded by demons. Where
Raindrops began to fall, the soft whispers of their impact reflected from the wilted leaves all around them. Jack took a deep breath to calm his nerves, trying to return into that state of heightened senses that most reliably seemed to work in extreme situations. Feeling utterly useless was, apparently, not extreme enough to qualify.
He saw the memory of Castiel at the door to Jack's room in the bunker, shoulders tense in their shared worry over Dean.
"How long is this going to hold them?" Jack asked and regretted speaking instantly because he was afraid his voice had betrayed him, strained against his pain. The last thing anyone needed right now was to worry about him. He tried to support his weight against the table surreptitiously.
Sam's eyes roamed until they met the next best thing that could qualify even remotely as a weapon. A candle holder. He hated being so underequipped, hated stepping into a fight without preparation, but it all stopped mattering the moment he heard a thud and the chink of a gold figurine falling to the ground.
"I told you, unbound souls cannot travel between realms like this."
He smiled, taking the compliment for what it was. "I wouldn't—"
"Okay, great," Sam said to the board. "Seems you don't even need my hand to use this. What did you want to tell me earlier?"
Dean thought as his foot was pressed down against the gas pedal without his own doing. Only after the sentence was out in the open did he wonder if it had been a good idea to talk to an
"This is how you want to play it, Simba? FINE! You really think you stand a chance against me,
"A girl has to know how to use what she's got to get by," she stated with mock-gravity, sharing a glance with him that made him feel like the spark from her eyes was springing over to his own, energizing him. "And she has to make good on her threats, lest she might not be taken seriously in the future."
Dean looked up from his work with a grin. "It's not looting when we're the last people on Earth and need this stuff to save everyone else. Plus, this food would go bad without a fridge anyway. The way I see it, we're just supporting the whole 'Don't let food go to waste' movement."
Rowena stood at an angle that let her watch both the rift and the failing devil's trap. Her eyes were wide, with an expression he had never seen on her before, not even when she had flung herself into an abyss in a final grand gesture of self-sacrifice.
There was no telling how long he'd lost sentience when a veritable flood of warmth crashed into him, surrounded him, pulled him back up. Somewhere at the brim of awareness, he registered an incessant stream of thoughts that weren't his own.
He owed them everything. He owed them the world. And he'd rather go down trying to save it than not having tried at all. He'd make them proud.
Inexplicably, Jack felt caught out. On what, he didn't know.
He was severely weakened, but he found comfort in the thoughts so close to him that they were almost indistinguishable from his own. His presence was a muddled chaos, still half lost in the depths of despair that had claimed him for an unknowable amount of time. It was hard to leave behind the dark emotions that had chained him to this place, especially knowing that every single image he had seen wasn't just a nightmarish phantom summoned to torment him. They were all memories, sad fragments of truth, each vision depicting an injustice he had actually committed, real persons he had wronged.
Despite their earlier conversation and the embrace, Jack couldn't help the nagging feeling of doubt if maybe this had been a mistake. Dean turned and gave him a tired, thin smile, though, so it couldn't have been all wrong.
"What, exactly, do you think you're doing there?"
Torn out of his own considerations like this, Castiel's thoughts were messy and unfocused, and he had no chance to adjust them given the instantaneous nature of their connection.
White light exploded, searing into Jack's eyes so that he could barely see what was happening. The outline of Dean's body was still visible, suspended in the air, but the wings were gone. The hunter's limbs were flailing against an invisible hold. Jack blinked against the blinding effect, was able to discern colors again. Dean's eyes, no longer glowing, were widened towards a spot somewhere behind Jack.
They were all breathing heavily and exchanged quick glances. Now that the immediate danger had passed, the pain between Jack's ribs returned with a vengeance and he pressed a hand against his stomach. Some of the demons were still trying to reach them and growled in rage as they rebounded off the invisible barrier that confined them, but they fell quiet when a deep voice spoke from beyond the trap, outside in the hallway.
The warmth spread between them again, appreciation of the unknown slowly turning into something more familiar.
"And the way you did it, a blade from behind! Of the two of us, I thought you were the honorable one."
Castiel was utterly mystified by this absurd string of words, and how to react to it, when a flimsy rill of warmth crept from Dean towards him, nudged him in a way that was unsure, hesitant. When he welcomed it, they both breathed freely again, inhaled in unison with a weight lifted from their chest that he hadn't been aware of. His thoughts cleared.
"We truly are the last ones then?" A wild grin ran over Rowena's face as she said it, her eyes desperately flicking back and forth between the three of them, something unhinged in her voice. "We are what is standing between this world and complete annihilation of everything in existence?"
"Not helping, Dean," Sam muttered without looking up.
With today being the 6-month-anniversary of the confession scene, I had the feeling the time had come to finally post this, after I had only dared to share this with a handful of people before. (You have no idea how mortified I was the first time I showed parts of this story to anyone for the very first time.) Many thanks go out to the first three people who have read (parts of) this, two of which will likely never see these notes: the three Bs — my boyfriend, my best friend, and my beta!
He glanced down at the pear in his hand, unable to keep eating with the piercing sensation of grief overshadowing everything else. Maybe he shouldn't have risked it, getting attached like that another time, letting someone close enough that losing them—losing
Sam felt his hand tugged away from the field with the
Rowena kept chanting in futile attempts of support, entirely ignoring her own earlier words, but it was obvious the flames couldn't endure much longer.
first the
Without electricity, the room's interior was lit only by the apocalyptic gloom coming from the sole window, and by the occasional flash of lightning. Hammering sounds against the roof were a continuous reminder of the hailstorm raging outside. The wooden exit door sported a hole in its middle and didn't sit quite right in its hinges any longer, but it was still able to keep out the brunt of the cold and grant the room a semblance of safety. Sam perched on one of the beds, massaging his temples, while Dean paced the dark room.
was an angel banishing sigil, even if slightly modified. Sigils don't usually kill their targets, Jack. I'd know, tried them more than once. Angels always tend to stick their celestial noses where they don't belong."
"I'll have you know that I take offense to that," she teased, not offended in the slightest. A strand of her hair stubbornly fell into her face and she flicked it back over her shoulder with a short head movement. "Under my rule, we had the finest wines and dishes in the palace."
Castiel hesitantly sent over angel radio, subdued in his guilt. He could only hope this method of communication was able to function in the Empty at all, now that the other angel had been freed. The word he had sent was a push beyond the possible, but if nothing else, he at least wanted to ensure that being welcome was one of the first impressions Balthazar received in this renewed life of his.
Castiel shrugs. Right, he was still kinda new to the human emotions crap.
“Dean kicked me out of the room again,” Cas says, sulking and clearly not caring about what he’s just admitted to doing. Sam’s not sure whether to laugh or groan in frustration; he’s not sure either of those reactions would go over well with Cas, more likely he’d be annoyed at the former and uncaring of the latter.
Dean raises a brow and gives him a look that says
Redirecting his glare onto the tarmac, he works his jaw. The gist of everything he’s been avoiding thinking of is simple: he wants more than what he has right now with Cas.
you go and apologize to him.”
“Tell me about it.” Sam sighs.
Sam pinches the bridge of his nose, frustrated. He’d need to get them some proper clothes. He’s not sure how he’s going to manage to find them something to wear
“...cancel out the effects?” Dean offers hesitantly.
Sam laughs softly, scratching at the back of his neck in embarrassment. “Nah, I’m good, thanks.”
“Cas!” Dean yells, running up to him. Cas looks up at him curiously.
The two little kids in question just stand and stare at him, all wide-eyed and quiet, while he’s trying to not let his inner panic become outer panic.
Dean stares down at the feather for a long moment, gaze going distant. After a moment, he mutters, “Son of a bitch.”
“Just a sec, Dean,” Sam says, patting his head as he turns around. “Cas?”
Cas resists Dean’s pulling, but he’s no longer angel-levels of immovable and drunk enough that he ends up stumbling back into Dean at the tug. Dean barely registers the familiar whiff of his shampoo that wafts off Cas mixed with the cigarette smoke scent permeating the bar before he shrugs Dean’s grip off with an annoyed, “I can walk just fine on my own, Dean.”
Sam doesn’t go to Dean immediately after Cas leaves. He’s almost tempted not to go at all. Let Dean suffer for his own stupid decisions for once if Cas decides to talk to him.
his brain responds. Instead of saying that out loud, Dean shrugs. “Wasn’t gonna assume, and it’s five kinds of clingy dumbass that I ain’t to ask.”
“You could… check on him later?” He suggests, feeling a bit like a mediator in an uncomfortably awkward marriage counseling session. He did not sign up for this shit.
“I appreciate the pantomime at manners,” Crowley says dryly. Using the hand holding the pizza to gesture sardonically, he says, “Please, feel free to come in.”
“Way to make a complete fool of yourself with the regulation hottie,” Mal says cheerfully, leaning against the counter.
Now that he was awake, he couldn’t fall back asleep no matter that his eyes were demanding it. He stays in bed for a few more minutes, blinking tiredly up at the ceiling before getting up with a resigned sigh. Moving on autopilot, he heads for the kitchen in search of coffee. Hopefully, Dean had already woken up and brewed a fresh pot.
“It’s a…” Castiel swallows, his throat suddenly feeling dry as a desert. “It’s a flirtation. And a pun.”
Cas doesn’t look at Sam, frowning down at his ice-cream cup. “Didn’t work,” he mutters.
“Mm-hmm.” Jody hums, amused. “Gabe, where are those peanut butter and banana muffins you promised me?”
Dean’s head whips around fast enough that he’s definitely going to be feeling it tomorrow. That’s a problem for future him though since his brain and eyes are currently zeroed in on the twink very much in Cas’ personal space.
them.” It’s said without heat, so Sam only feels a little guilty at the statement. “Did a few loads of laundry, cleared out expired food from the fridge.” With a half-glance at Cas, he adds, “Made that box mix you bought during the last supply run.”
Cas runs a hand over the fabric of the jacket appreciatively. “Thank you, Charlie.”
Sam rolls his eyes as he gets up from the table,  grabbing the wrappers and almost empty beer bottle one-handed. He claps a hand on Cas’ shoulder as he passes. “Don’t listen to him, Cas. You’ll do fine tomorrow.”
“Garth!” Sam exclaims. “Man, I've been trying to call you for weeks. I thought you were dead. What happened?”
been good. You’ve seen that yourselves. Hell, I’ve been helping.”
After suffering through two weeks of wet coughs and runny noses, rubbing VapoRub on Dean’s chest, and making mom’s soup almost daily, it was probably safe to say that Dean had finally kicked his cold’s butt and sent it packing.
“I’m gonna try, but I know my brother; I won’t be able to get anywhere without a plan,” Sam replies. He wasn’t about to tell Kevin that he’d actually tried to the other day. Unsurprisingly, Dean had kicked up a huge fuss at the suggestion. It went down something along the lines of:
He needs to be certain though, and as much as it hurts, he makes himself ask, “Why is Dean stress cooking?”
Sam stares at him in surprise, eyebrows inching up to his hairline.
“None of your damn business,” Dean bites out, grabbing up the knife and the nearest vegetable, and starts chopping.
“Prove it,” Dean challenges, mouth overriding his brain.
“Yes, Dean,” Cas says, deadpan. “Just because I was made to ‘binge’ on them by Famine’s influence in the past doesn’t mean it’s made me entirely averse to them.” He looks thoughtful for a moment. “Though it has taught me the wisdom of moderation.”
?” He asks, voice pitching up towards the end.
Witches, man.
Sam’s eyes narrow. There’s miles of buried
“Yes,” Castiel says immediately. He sighs. “No. I don’t know.”
“As much as I’ve been enjoying this quasi-domestic situation, there’s some irony at playing roommates with the two of you, well, four of you I suppose. I assume you can guess where I’m going with this?”
“Oh, drop the act," Dean snarks, training his gun on her in case she got any ideas. "Did you seriously think you could go around turning people into old codgers and no one was gonna notice anything?”
Dean looks up with a hesitant frown as Cas comes to an abrupt stop in front of him. He rubs at the rain dripping into his eyes. "...Cas?"
Cas notices Dean’s staring and probably doesn’t take too kindly to the smirking, grumbling out a “What?”
Sam follows after, shoulders slumping in relief once he sees it. “Yeah. Yeah, that’s it. C’mon.”
He’s disappointed but mostly unsurprised when Cas shakes his head. “Sam mentioned taking a break today since we’ve been making good progress.”
“I’m-” Cas cuts himself off. “I don’t know what I feel.”
“Where’re the kids?”
“Enough,” Castiel cuts him off, brows drawn together. “Please, just stop pretending things are fine.”
When he doesn’t say anything else, Sam continues.
“My apologies,” Cas replies.
“Yeah?” Sam replies, confused. He looks up at Kevin then. “Oh.”
When there’s no response, Dean pounds the door again and pitches his voice louder. “C’mon kid, I know you’re in there.”
“We've been looking after them for almost four months now; I think we can manage for a few more days.”
“I can’t make it any more simple than that, man,” Dean says a little plaintively. He just wants this conversation to be over; answering Cas was supposed to end this, not keep it going.
His head shoots up reflexively even as he reaches for the gun strapped to the underside of the table, immediately on edge, only to stop short when he realizes it’s Billie.
He’s just about polished it off when he remembers something. He reaches over and taps at the table in front of Cas to get his attention. Cas glances at him with a confused frown, a spoonful of mostly melted ice-cream halfway to his mouth.
Dean’s about to make some comment about that when the first strains of
He manages to succeed in keeping that thought process internal even with Cas turning to squint at him like he can read his mind.
Jack ignores him, looking around for something or someone.
“But Dean, it’s only-” Cas trails off, Dean long since out of earshot. “...nine.”
Sam sighs. This definitely explained some things he hadn’t realized before.
“Most of it is a jumble of half translated phonetic Greek and Aramaic I think, and the rest is probably whatever they were able to make sense of the text translated into old school Latin.” Kevin scratches at his jaw. “I didn’t exactly study AP Latin so there’s a chance I’m way off the mark, but I think those words there,” he points at one paragraph, “say something about transformations and reversing it. If I’m right, there’s even a list of the ingredients for a counter-spell, but it’s hard to make out.”
Dean had gone ahead and tattled to Cas about the threat of Sam’s salads if the suspicious looks he’d directed at Sam for the rest of that day were anything to go by. Kevin managed to remain none the wiser to the ridiculousness of Sam’s only attempt on the matter. Sam’s in no hurry to let him know either.
But still, here they are.
chimes out into the library. He turns to eye Charlie skeptically. “Bublé, really? Please tell me we won’t be listening to Celine Dion for Christmas too.”
Cas clears his throat nervously, bringing Dean’s attention back to him as he continues, “And you’re not going to ‘screw up’ our friendship, not when I feel the same way.”
“That clear enough for ya?” He asks, pulling back.
“Why are we locking away the kitchen knives and the armory?” Cas asks sleepily, rubbing at his eyes as he wanders into the kitchen.
“Mind telling me why you wanted fried chicken so badly that you had us drive out into a snowstorm to get it? You’re lucky the shops were even open,” Dean grumbles as he walks out of the garage, trailing behind Sam with his arms full of groceries. He doesn’t stop griping as they walk into the library. “And what’s with all the other shit you needed anyway? Are you having weird pregnancy cravings or something? Anything you want to tell me, Samantha?”
Sam blinks, taking it all in. “You’re sure?”
“Name one.”
Sam shrugs. “Not since an hour or so back when I told him I’d be shifting those books to the library.”
“I know it’s not going to be appreciated me saying this, and you're welcome to tell me to shut up, but honestly? I've known that boy for a long while, and I'd say Dean likes you right back.” Jody suddenly cringes, hand flying up to slap over her eyes in embarrassment. “God, I sound like I’m back in grade school again. You know what, forget I said anything.”
Sam’s eyes narrow. “Don’t tell Cas about something that involves the both of you.”
Crowley’s brows rise up of their own volition. Well. Maybe he and Moose should be grateful they’d made it out of that blasted ritual alive if this was their usual line of luck.
“Wait, what?” Sam says, surprised. “Charlie you don’t have to come down here, I’ll just send you a scan of the files.”
“It wasn’t,” Cas agrees. “But I don’t regret it.”
Sam looks to the kids, then down at his watch.
Cas, who’d hardly moved after Dean had yanked him into a hug, goes still enough that he might as well be hugging a statue. “Dean…?” He says, uncertain.
He lets Cas choose this time instead of just ordering another beer, and of course, the guy ends up going for some frou-frou sounding concoction. They wait there in comfortable silence while the bartender prepares his drink, the sounds of some vaguely familiar top one-hundred’s song washing over them from across the bar. Cas squints at the bottles behind the counter curiously, trying to make out the labels. Dean surreptitiously watches him and the play of neon lights on his face cast by the signs on the corner wall. Not for the first time, Dean thinks it’s unfair how good looking he is.
P.S.: In case anyone's confused by the slight inconsistency here with whether or not Cas is human, he still has some grace (enough to heal minor injuries and recognize other angels, etc.) but can't fly or smite anyone. Cas pretty much considers himself human. Dean, on the other hand, sees him more as a crippled angel? (Not in a bad way, more like a worried way).
Fine, alright. Apparently there was no ignoring it because his own damn car radio was against him too.
“I’m opening, I’m opening, bossypants. Hold your horses,” Dean says, tearing apart the wrapping to find a scarf bundled up inside. It doesn’t look like the stuff he normally sees in shops, it almost looks like- “Cas, did you make this?”
“Eggnog?” she offers, handing them both a cup. Dean takes it from her without comment, staring at the two of them for a few seconds.
No response. Sam knocks harder.
Mal grins innocently, holding up a packet of Twizzlers.
It doesn’t take long before Cas finally pulls away enough of the wrapper to get a look at what’s inside. Surprise flits across his face before he looks up at Sam. “You didn’t.”
“Yup.” Dean nods, patting his own mound of mud into shape. He directs Cas to keep adding mud and dirt to it till they both have decent-sized mud pies in front of them.
Dean mentally unkinks himself at that, rolling his eyes as he gets up to fill up a plate for Cas. Honestly, no one’d think this half-asleep doofus was an angel a week and change ago if they ever saw him now.
His stomach gurgles quietly, abruptly reminding him that he hasn’t eaten more than a large packet of Cheetos and a can of energy drink in the past… he’s gonna assume somewhere between four to six hours. Maybe longer since he’s mostly sure he conked out for a brief nap in between.
Dean goes still, any hints of false cheerfulness vanishing like it had never been there. His jaw works stiffly. “Don’t really feel like talking, Cas.”
“Cut it out, Cas,” Dean hisses, stubbornly forcing himself to make eye contact with Cas. “You've seen all of this before; you remade me, remember?”
Dean stares down at the clean if inevitably sticky floor with a mildly frustrated sigh as he waves Cas off to eat. So much for making a pie.
. Almost too good actually; distantly, he kind of understands now why Meg was so dazed after her liplock with Cas.
Dean chews at his lip. He wants to take Cas’ words at face value, but it’s hard to, especially after all the time he’s been convincing himself that Cas’ hand was forced somehow, or that they’d stripped him of his grace as some kind of punishment. The fact that Cas
“No perks for you to look forward to when changing back?” She questions.
Dean's been deflecting every single question the others had been throwing at him about that time. He’d assumed Cas had as well. Asking it now meant he’d probably end up veering this conversation into territories he’d rather avoid like the plague, but… he has to know how much Cas remembers.
In the quiet of the hallway, it’s not hard for them to hear the kids talking softly to each other in the bedroom. After a little while, the talking slows down to a complete stop. They stand around for a few more minutes before Kevin nods at the bedroom door.
“Thank you,” Cas adds belatedly as he notices the plate in front of him and digs right in. “This is good.”
Cas gives a slow nod in understanding. “Of course,” he says, shoulders slumping slightly. “I hope you and Sam have fun. I’ll ‘hold the house down’.”
“What about peanut butter and banana?” Kevin calls over his shoulder. “It’s what I’m making for myself.”
Jack brightens up with a grin. “Cas! It worked!”
Dean shrugs, shoving his hands into his pockets. He clears his throat against the grabbing, choking feeling of the spell wrapping around his throat and sighs, frustrated.
Since there’s no use pretending he’s busy when he’s not, he picks up the magazine he’d set aside and uses it to hide the curious glances he takes of the guy. Not that there’s much he can make out beyond the plaid lumberjack look and bad mood.
“Where in the world are we gonna find mermaid scales?” Sam asks, irritated.
“Dean knows then,” Castiel says flatly, more statement than question.
Sure, they’ve managed to get everyone back: Eileen, Bobby, Stevie, Charlie and all the rest, hell even Becky Rosen apparently (and isn’t that a wild kick from the past), but not… not the reason Dean’s even there to be seeing it in the first place.
“I wasn’t
Cas however, doesn’t go anywhere. Sam glances back up to find Cas watching him.
“Everything ok, sir?” he asks as politely as he can manage. He’s nosy and aware of it, but he’s capable of being politely nosy when he’s at work, thank you.
“Is there something on my face?”
Dean clears his throat, staring intently down at his plate even as he can feel both Sam and Cas’ gaze on him.
“It’s icky, Sammy!” Dean says, scowling and trying to rub the taste off of his tongue.
Cas obeys, not noticing the slight side-eye Sam gives Dean.
They walk peacefully in silence for a while.
Sam catches it with a quiet
If he could just find the control gear to switch this into a lucid dream, he could flip this into something that was easier to wrap his head around.
Cas watches them work while Dean busies himself with enjoying his breakfast. He goes to take another sip of milk, then looks down at his empty glass with a frown. “Sam?” He says hesitantly.
“Yes, Captain Obvious, and?”
“You said you needed proof, right Cas?” Sam says, half-turned to look at Cas. He nods at the front yard.
“Could’ve just said so in the first place.” He purses his lips, glancing once at Dean before pasting a smile as meets Cas’ eyes. “If you ever wanna trade up,” he nods in the direction of the bar, “you know where to find me.”
“Thanks,” Sam says, reaching out for his beer. He doesn’t drink it immediately, just plays with the label. “How’s Dean?”
He’s in a sour enough mood afterwards that he gives up on the rest of the day as a lost cause and heads back to his room.
Caught out, Dean shrugs.
Cas nods in understanding, frowning slightly. “I can help you look for the relevant files. Dean should be able to manage sorting on his own, for now.” He blinks as something occurs to him. “I haven’t seen him today.”
He shrugs a little nervously. He’s admitted enough that the spell isn’t pushing for more, but it’s not like he can avoid this conversation anymore, so he figures he’ll take what he can get to answer some shit on his own terms. “There’s… things I didn’t want to think about or talk about, stuff that’s harder to ignore when you’re walking around with that spell on you.”
Cas is a bit of an all or nothing guy when it comes to Dean so maybe he’d do it for Sam once he finds out. He just needs a way to bribe Cas to let him watch it go down. With the affinity he’s been showing for sweet things, it’d be kinda poetic if he managed to bribe him with some of Dean’s baked goods.
“Gryffindor! This is great, Cas. Thanks.” Sam grins, rubbing his fingers over the soft yarn of his new scarf, proudly displaying his Gryffindor colors. He wraps it around his neck and looks at them expectantly. “How do I look?”
“What do you know about truth compulsion?” Sam asks. Interesting indeed.
Cas peers at him shyly through his eyelashes before nodding. He points at a large stuffed bee toy with little beady eyes and a little smile stitched on.
“I don’t think we even get this much rain up in Michigan. Can’t imagine that this is normal weather for Kansas, even for February. Any chance you pissed off a weather goddess?” Kevin says.
Cas’ expression remains unconvinced. Sam stares at him for a moment, thinking, then sighs.
“Just take my damn word for it, Sammy.”
“I’m not,” Cas insists.
Sam fills him in.
“You’ll get your damn toast soon enough. Not like it’s going anywhere.”
Sam wanders into the empty library in the afternoon with a mind to actually get somewhere with his research. He takes a seat at one of the desks, stretching his legs, only to be met with a yell of, “Don’t kick Buzzy!”
“How about we go out for some ice-cream?”
“I’m not mad at you, for any of the things that’ve happened,” Sam says, feeling like he needs to. “I- I think I understand, maybe even better than Dean, why you did the things you had to.” He hesitates, but the next part’s as important to acknowledge as the rest. “You kept trying to make up for it too, didn’t you?”
“Be there in a minute!” Sam shouts back, voice echoing down clearly from the library. Dean’s idly scrolling the internet on his phone when he finally ambles into the kitchen. “Gave up on your record-keeper dreams already, Sammy?”
He hears a muffled thud behind him before someone shouts his name. “DEAN!”
“Hey! Watch the eggnog. Bitch,” He retorts, angling his cup away from Sam. “So Charlie, not to sound like I don’t want you here but when- how did you get here? Last I heard from you, you were in Tulsa.”
Before Sam can retort, his phone rings.
Cas perks up with interest.
He’s a little relieved when Cas decides to answer for himself when picking out ice-cream but doesn’t push when he goes quiet again as they make their way out of the ice-cream parlor to sit at one of the tables outside.
By the time he gets back inside his fingers feel stiff and numb, his nose and cheeks stinging as he’s greeted by the warm air of the bunker. He trudges down the stairs, pausing halfway into the library when he finds it empty. Before he can gather the energy to worry, Kevin wanders into the war room, a steaming cup of coffee in hand.
helpful, Crowley.”
“Being friends with us ain’t easy if I’m being honest. The stuff we’ve lived through, not a lot of people wanna stick around after seeing some of it.” He looks at Cas. “A few of ‘em don’t survive. Sometimes that included you.”
“Let’s just say I have faith in my reflexes.”
“Hiya Sammy,” Dean replies, smiling. Dean stares at him for a moment, then blinks. “You’re big.”
“Yeah Sammy, just paying for my coffee.” The familiar name clicks in Castiel’s mind before he can figure out how to grab the coffee back. He's relieved enough that he almost slumps onto the counter. “You want anything? Gabe makes some of the best pies, you've gotta try some.”
“No, thanks. Things are pretty good as they are.”
“I don’t understand.”
Dean immediately reassesses his earlier thought and decides he should’ve never bothered to answer. There’s no right answer anymore. To make matters worse, the waitress takes that moment to materialize at their table, looking somewhere between amused, curious, and maybe a little weirded out. Dean’s not entirely sure since he’s busy wishing that he could turn invisible, or sink into his seat and be forgotten. Anything. Maybe someone in the diner could have some kindness and give him a mercy killing.
“‘kay,” Dean agrees quietly, sitting up. Sam hands him the bowl, holding on for a few more seconds to make sure he isn't about to accidentally drop it. After taking a sip, Dean looks up at him in surprise.
The fight to deny it goes out of him.
roped into teaching Cas when he and Sam had become the bunker’s new buddy duo.
He nudges Cas’ ankle.
“Oh, it
With that, he pushes his chair back and heads over to Sam, grabbing a couple of bags from the table and heading for the kitchen. Sam watches after him for a moment, confused, before grabbing the rest of the bags and following after him.
“Shut up,” he mutters, straightening up with an annoyed glance. “You buying something or not?”
fresh food.”
Lost in thought on potential solutions for the current dilemma, his eyes wander and catch sight of the clothes on the neighbor’s clothesline.
have. See if maybe anything we had matched with stuff that might be associated with truth deities.”
Sam stays quiet for a long moment. Before Kevin can figure out how to nudge the conversation back to life, Sam speaks up.
Dean shrugs. “Or something. Got lots of things that need doing round here, Sammy.”
“Cas?” He’s already of half a mind not to say anything, but then Cas turns to him, head tilted expectantly. The question is out there before he can stop himself. “How much do you remember?”
“You’ve fought for this whole world, given up so much for it.” Cas swallows and tries smiling again. “It needs you one last time. So this is one battle I’m asking you not to fight. If there’s one last thing I can ask of you before I die -”
Dean starts wandering around the room, curiously poking and prodding at things. He accidentally nudges over a photo frame and it falls onto the floor with a quiet crash. Dean looks up guiltily. “Sowwy.”
He slowly opens his eyes and looks down. Two pairs of eyes stare up at him.
Dean grins when he sees Castiel, picking up his pace as he walks up to the counter. Before either of them can say anything, Gabriel decides to make his presence known.
The reply comes immediately this time. “You stopped housing that scheming, murderous asshole yet?”
Dean doesn’t respond, staring down intently at the chopping board as if the vegetables on it might vanish the second he looks away.
Dean runs both hands through his hair, yanking at the short strands. “This is- this is absolutely fucking useless. I’m out.”
When Cas stays quiet, he asks, “I’m guessing you haven’t talked to Dean yet?”
Cas’ lips twitch up in a brief but real smile, something almost fond in his expression if Sam has to guess. “It’s not worth troubling you.”
Sam huffs out a laugh, feeling himself relaxing as he does. He reaches for his ice-cream, nudging at Cas to remind him to eat his own.
“Well?” Dean says impatiently.
“What were you making?” Cas asks, glancing curiously at the ingredients on the island.
Cas makes a face at that which Kevin decides to interpret as a cross between annoyed, confused, and vaguely offended that Kevin decides to lump him in with what would be considered normal company for Dean. Or it could be something else entirely; dude’s face is hard to read on a good day.
“Prior experience shows that I am more likely to end up alone if I were to accompany you, Balthazar.” Castiel frowns at him, unamused.
“I’m sure enough,” Sam says evenly. “I don’t remember anything in the lore saying Ma’at’s feather was used to judge the living, and definitely not like this. Ammit only gets involved once the person’s dead and up for judgment.”
” Dean retorts, voice pitching up in embarrassment.
“Thanks,” Sam says idly, not looking up.
“Sam,” Cas replies shortly. Sam winces slightly at the tone. Didn’t sound like he’d cooled down much in the last hour or so. Not that Sam could blame him.
Sam grunts in response, halfway turning to Cas. “Hmm?”
“Good?” Dean asks, loading up a tray into the oven.
Dean rolls his eyes with a muttered, “Nerd.”
“If you’d rather not, I could ask Sam.” Castiel says carefully, looking away. Dean doesn't miss the little twitch of his lips, like he's holding back a smile, as if absolutely certain Dean would take the bait - which he would, of course.
“I didn't realize you were planning on taking a shower too,” Kevin says, smirking. “You look like a drowned moose.”
“Shut up,” Dean huffs, plating up some fried chicken and mashed potatoes for himself. “Your fashion sense sucks by the way.”
“Took you all this time to decide on that?” Rick asks sarcastically.
“Apparently one of these guys accidentally touched it before; dude didn’t suffer any effects, but if he asked something you didn’t get a choice in how you answer, trying to lie would cause ‘clawing pain’. Yeesh.”
Undeterred, the twink smirks flirtily at Cas. “We can do more than that, handsome.”
There's really no other explanation for the fact that these two kids are drowning in t-shirts he could swear Cas and Dean had been wearing earlier. Along with the fact that they're standing in the pile of clothes that they were definitely wearing earlier. It'd be too much to hope that the witch just stripped them and stowed them away somewhere else in the house as part of some weird fetish that Dean would get a kick out of.
“It’s Christmas!” Charlie cheers, plopping down heavily onto Dean’s bed. Dean bolts up.
It takes most of the morning for them to gather together all the documents they can find related to storeroom records. He sends Cas back to his sorting tasks after with some regret, settling down to read through the documents.
He gets twin replies of “no” in response, an embarrassed one from Sam and a matter of fact one from Cas, at the same time that Dean chimes in with “I’ve got Fwoot Loops!”
“A lil past seven,” She responds, ignoring Dean’s groan as he falls back into bed. “But more importantly, it’s Christmas!”
Sam and Cas both clue into Dean’s mood, and aside from some curious side-eyeing from Sam, both of them give him a fair berth. Which is honestly the best for everyone because Dean’s not sure he isn’t going to blow up at someone if they talk to him.
talk to Dean. He’s not rash, exactly, but Sam hasn’t forgotten the almost palpable chill in the room the day after he’d appeared in front of their car bleeding and badly injured, cold enough that even Cas couldn’t miss it. He’d disappeared later the same day, and neither of them had even known why until Cas was already elbow-deep in the angel trials. He’s not sure what Cas might do this time, but he isn’t eager to find out.
he thinks disdainfully, eyeing his previous failures.
“Consider this me giving you an essential piece of hunter chic. Or biker chic, if that’s what you want, you could totally pull that off. You’ll look pretty hot and kickass either way,” Charlie tells him, winking at Dean. He scowls at her as his cheeks grow warm.
“I got them some coloring books and crayons,” Sam says hopefully.
“He can’t help worrying about you,” Cas says solemnly. Before Sam can deflect or lighten the conversation, he continues, “I understand the desire to put what’s happened behind you, but it’s not as easy for Dean. He could do very little to help you with trials, and seeing how it affected you even after they were completed…”
Castiel shrugs. Whatever it took for things to get better.
When he looks back, Cas is looking at him expectantly, and Dean knows without asking that he’s willing to go with whatever Dean wants to do.
Ever since Cas became human, the guy seems almost starved for company. He’d taken over keeping an eye on Kevin and Crowley, even gently shoehorning himself into helping with Sam. Exasperated and a little frayed, Dean let him.
“They can’t both be the same thing?” Kevin asks sarcastically.
Castiel’s jaw tightens.
“Yeah,” Dean says again, quieter, the words landing in the small space between them. “I think we’ve done enough talking.”
Dean rolls his eyes, heading for the mud puddle. “It’s not for eating, silly.”
“I apologize, I've made you uncomfortable.” Castiel says, looking down.
Thunder rumbles overhead, loud even through the bunker’s thick walls.
Cas squints at him but doesn’t comment, following after him as Dean makes his way out of the storeroom.
“It’s uh-” Rick casts around in his head, trying to remember what his high school English teacher had called it, “-hyperbole, I think. Exaggeration, y’know?”
He watches Castiel open and close his mouth uselessly, brow raised. “Cat got your tongue?”
“Yes,” Cas admits, fingers fidgeting with the hem of his sweater. “I wasn’t sure what colors to choose for it at first. It took a bit of thought to decide on making one in the colors of your likely Hogwarts house.”
Cas’ smile widens, eyes practically sparkling. “Perfectly.”
“I didn’t say anything,” Sam replies innocently.
“Jack-”
He drops down heavily beside Cas, shocked.
Sam stays quiet, eyeing Crowley thoughtfully. Apparently the Moose needs a little more convincing.
Feeling his eyes on them, Cas looks up curiously. “Yes, Kevin?”
Charlie’s fiddling around on her tablet an hour later, left to her own devices in the library, when Dean wanders into the otherwise empty room and walks up to her.
rain.”
He cups his hands around his mouth and yells, “Cas! Dean! It’s time for lunch!”
“Night guys.” Sam walks out of the room, switching the lights off as he leaves. He doesn’t close the door behind him, leaving it ajar to let a little light into the room. Kevin’s waiting outside, waving at him to move away from the door. At Sam’s questioning look, he raises a finger to his mouth.
Cas just stares at him for a long moment. Uncertainly, he finally asks, “Was this why you were avoiding me?”
“Not well,” Cas replies irritably. “The headache is bad enough, but the underlying nausea is bothersome. How do you deal with it?”
“Fine,” Sam sighs. “Keep avoiding him. You don’t seem all that bothered with how long this is going to last anyway.”
Dean nods excitedly, hard enough that he looks like a mini bobblehead. Sam smothers a laugh. “Alright,” he says, moving to take it from him when he sees the edges of another one peeking out from behind it.
“You-” Kevin starts, yawning widely, “y’know that Froot Loops are probably gonna make them hyper, right?”
“That doesn’t sound very effective.”
“Hello, Dean.”
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean for that to happen,” Castiel says sincerely and a little awkwardly, trying to meet Dean’s eyes. His expression is wary still, even as his arms uncross, his closed fists resting against the counter.
Simple, right?
“It seems that our clothes didn’t change with us when we reverted back to our normal selves,” Cas says, his voice back to its normal gravel-deep baritone levels. He looks at the tatters of clothing at his feet. “Erroneous thinking, considering how our old clothes were unaffected by the spell previously.”
Dean raises a brow. “And you can read that?”
Sam’s so focused on what he’s reading that he barely registers Cas asking a question, let alone notices himself muttering an answer. He blinks up from his laptop in confusion. “Sorry, what?”
Castiel looks up then, brows furrowed, confusion overshadowing his earlier embarrassment. “Who?”
is the best, but this was Cas’ first mud pie so he tells Cas he did good too.
He stops short when he looks at Cas.
“Here,” Dean says, thrusting the paper at Castiel. “I dunno if I can make it tonight what with Sammy in town and all, but uh, call me and we can figure something out.”
Sam huffs a breath through his nose, straightening up. “I’ll talk to Dean.”
“Don’t,” Dean says softly, tears springing to his own eyes. He moves to physically stop whatever Cas might try to say but stumbles, the sudden movement pulling at his injury. Cas reaches out immediately, grasping at his shoulders to steady him.
Cas smiles at him, a little confused and a lot fond. He squeezes Dean’s hand, smile growing wider when he gets a squeeze back.
“Alright, alright. The zombie’s gonna take a break, no more tickling,” Sam says, straightening up. Dean looks at him dubiously, shakes his head and remains hiding behind Kevin. To Sam’s great amusement, he doesn’t stray far from Kevin’s side until they’re leaving the museum.
“We should’ve said it before,” Sam says, one corner of his mouth twisting into a frown. He meets Cas’ eyes and his frown softens. “I’ll say it again once we’ve fixed everything, but you deserve to hear it now, too. Thank you, Cas. Not just for looking out for us, but,” he glances away with a shrug, “for deciding we were worth sticking with.”
?” Dean asks, voice even, eyes cold.
Right. That must be the excuse Sam gave him to try those negating spells on the feather without Cas hovering nearby.
It’s a pretty cut-and-dry sentiment. There’s not much for him to second guess with people who’d be willing to give up their souls and nice little cookie-cutter lives for magic and power and the ability to make people miserable with the flick of a wrist and some magical spells. The only difference between them and the idiots who made deals with crossroads demons was that witches had some inkling of whatever stupidity they’re about to commit. If someone were to ask him, he’d tell them that he’d be living a much happier life if people just knew to leave well enough alone.
“Atropos doesn’t like you,” Cas chimes in, looking up at Sam with a frown. “Or Dean.”
Kevin grunts, setting his own bags down and starts sifting through them, pulling things out and setting them on the counter. “Most people just say ‘thank you’.”
“I suppose.” Cas frowns.
Sam sighs. Whatever the fallout is going to be, he’s going to try and mitigate it if he can.
"You’re free to keep having slumber parties with the guy and braid each other’s hair and gush about your feelings, but I ain’t interested."
Sam takes a pull of his beer, not looking at him. Kevin decides to allow it, figuring Sam needed some time to accept the sentiment. When the silence stretches on for longer than he’d like, Kevin tries again. “Sam…”
Dean glares at him, though his red cheeks probably ruin the effect. So he clears his throat loudly instead, which only serves to get everyone’s attention squarely on him.
Sam gives him a look.
dating and Grumpy Male Model dude’s just the really possessive, jealous type.
Dean groans, slapping a hand over his eyes. He can feel Cas’ gaze still on him even if he can’t see it. Coughing against the itch in his throat, he lowers the hand covering his eyes, reaching for his glass of water. He meets Cas’ gaze for a second as he sets it back down before redirecting it to look outside, finding himself muttering a reluctant response. “Probably? I don’t know. Look, can we please just drop this?”
“Yes, you are.” Castiel says, earnest in a way only he can be for such a stupid conversation. The blush that had been fading away comes back with a vengeance. Dean has no clue how to respond to that really; he could try telling Cas he isn't supposed to be saying stuff like that to other guys, but it wasn't exactly inappropriate, just stupidly genuine like he’s prone to being.
Kevin sighs. “I don’t know why I bother to ask.”
“Dean said something the other day,” Cas says slowly, frown turning thoughtful. “Based on what you’ve told me, I would assume it was a flirtation, but...”
Dean’s an old hand at uncomfortable silences at this point, but this one has him grasping for something, anything to break it.
“Hide n’ seek!” Dean exclaims. Sam shrugs agreeably. Dean cheers, running off yelling, “I’ll go get Cas!”
Sam forces himself to wait in the library, managing to stay there for around ten minutes before he gives up and heads off to find Dean. He decides to check Dean’s room first, figuring it’d be the most likely place he’d end up. Unfortunately, the only person in there is Cas, busy reading a book.
“I’ll get the rest,” Sam mutters to Cas’ back as he sets the plates down on the island while Cas starts in on washing up. He doesn’t respond.
Sam’s brows furrow. “Are you saying you’re
Sam sighs the long-suffering sigh of a younger brother, familiar with exactly what his older brother is capable of. “And
For all that the guy seems to be dragging his feet, he eventually makes his way over to the counter. Rick hastily tries to look as casually uninterested and bored as he’d been when the guy wandered in.
The days seem to pass by quickly, blending together in a haze of research and tag-team child-rearing. Early mornings have become the norm for all the bunker’s inhabitants, though Sam often feels like he’s the one who’s adjusted worst to the new routine, either waking up feeling like he still needed an entire day’s worth of sleep or at the heels of someone else grumbling for breakfast (the kids) or coffee (Kevin).
“Some things,” he admits, mixing his half-melted ice cream around. “I know we were bigger, that
Sam snorts, biting back a smile.
“Vampirates,” Dean corrects, a little relieved. It was
“Unfortunate,” Crowley says dryly. He raises a hand out expectantly. “Now, if you please, I’d like to have my dinner, which is already rather late might I add, instead of waiting for your befuddlement to abate.”
“Hot damn, this means I won my bet! Bal is gonna be so pissed.” Gabriel cackles gleefully.
“Your turn, Cas,” Sam prompts. Cas makes a face as he drinks, but stubbornly powers through until he’d drank it all.
Right, damage control time.
Unperturbed, Crowley chews slowly, watching Dean. Sam clears his throat uncomfortably.
“What- Dean?”
“Because most people tend to side-eye two full-grown men at a park, even if they’re not trying to pretend the kids they’re with are theirs,” he replies easily, giving Sam a look. “No one’s going to believe Dean’s your brother, and he isn’t exactly good at pretending you’re his dad even if you ask him to; he barely manages to pretend you’re his uncle.” He shrugs out of his jacket one-handed, switching his grip on the plastic bag as he pulls it off and drapes it on the nearest chair. “I don’t wanna imagine what he’d try to pass me off as.”
“Enough,” Castiel cuts in sharply.
“I got it,” Sam says, still skimming through the file.
Sam stares down at Dean.
Sam breathes out a short breath through his nose and gives him a half-smile. “Honest.”
Kevin eyes the kids thoughtfully, before shrugging. “Guess it’ll have to do for now.”
” Castiel quickly moves over to the radio, switching it off. He doesn't look up at Dean, instead choosing to focus intently on the radio and wishing it could turn back time.
“Either he leaves or I do.”
It’s the last thing he hears before something collides into him and everything goes black.
He slaps a hand over his eyes, feeling the heat of his cheeks against his palm as he mutters, “You get the idea.”
After a long moment, Cas blinks. “Yes, Sam.”
“It’s important to stay hydrated regardless.”
Sam shrugs agreeably, mind wandering as he sips at his coffee. He still has to put away the stuff he’d taken from the car and dumped in the library and... “Shit! The witch!” He straightens up abruptly, narrowly avoiding sloshing coffee all over himself.
Rick’s been working at the Gas & Sip near the edge of town for about five months. Long enough to give him a decent idea of all the different kinds of people that could wander into the place, and how to deal with them. Most of them were locals from town, some were people driving through. And then there’s the guy that walks in in the middle of his completely dead afternoon shift.
“Sam said you were busy today.”
“The missing people around town, that’s cuz of you, isn’t it?”
Before Castiel can retort, Jody comes through the kitchen, moving to man the register he’d left unattended – an unintentional mistake in his attempt to avoid Gabriel. Fortunately for them, it being a Saturday and still only mid-morning meant it was too early for any actual foot traffic into the shop.
“Huh,” Kevin says, walking up to him to get a better look at the kids. “So they’re like, what, adults in kids' bodies?”
Dean scowls. “I don’t need your dumb commentary ruining the viewing experience. I was thinking we could go into town, have a few drinks, maybe meet a few chicks. Y’know,
“Ah,” he says, watching with some satisfaction as the elder Winchester stiffens up at the note of realization in his voice. “
“Oh, that reminds me,” Sam says, waiting for Dean to glance his way before he continues, “Crowley wanted me to ‘pass along his compliments to the chef’. Guess you’re starting to get a fanbase for your cooking.”
love to go in guns blazing, trying it now’s likely to get the cops called on us if we’re not careful. Suburbia like that reeks of having do-gooders on a neighborhood watch.” He picks up his beer, taking a long sip before setting it back down on the motel’s carpeted floor. “‘Sides, if we can manage to go in and torch her magic supplies before she gets wise, then we’re safer.”
“So, nothing interesting happened while you were out?” Sam asks once he realizes Cas is apparently done talking.
He wanders off before Sam can answer.
Cas frowns. “That wasn’t what I was planning.”
Sam rolls his eyes. Typical.
, Castiel thinks aggressively, kicking him in the shin. He remains undeterred, grin still in place while kicking Castiel right back.
in his hand.
Crowley shrugs, arms half-raised in an aborted gesture of surrender. “Seeing as you own some responsibility for my current state, I thought to see about breakfast.”
occasionally adorable entirely without intending to be. He’s just managed to be the only one between him and his brother to refrain from saying it out loud.
He eyes Crowley for a long moment before conceding with obvious reluctance. “Dean’s been acting strange.”
Whatever thought Dean's reached at with Sam's statement has him making a face like someone had forced him to suck on a lemon.
There’s a ringing in his head as he hears those words slip out of Jack’s mouth. He can’t have heard that right. There’s no way he heard that right. But then he catches sight of Sam again, looking in the same direction Jack’s grinning at and faltering, shock and surprise clear on his face.
“What?” He says, peering into the bag. “No. Come on, really?”
He drives in silence for a while, the white noise hum of the Impala’s engine soothing him.
“Yes, please,” Cas says politely, offering his mug up to her.
be able to sense the magic imbued in a cursed object, given that it’s powerful enough.” He huffs a little disappointed sigh. “Do keep up, boys.”
talking to Cas, and because it’s more than a little weird to just eat silently, Sam strikes up a conversation with Cas.
“Before?” Sam asks slowly. Cas doesn’t look up.
Cas straightens the stack of books in his grip, tilting his head in a confused frown.
know most of the living languages still in use today, as well as a fair number of dead ones.” Something seems to occur to Cas and his expression grows more solemn as he stares down at the book. “I’m unsure how long that will last. Human brains don’t possess the capacity for this much knowledge.”
“I flew in, duh. Figured I’d hang out in the Batcave with everyone for Christmas, and hey, it had to be someone’s priority to give the resident fallen angel a good first Christmas experience.”
Dean waits till the others are suitably distracted by the gifts Charlie’s giving out before turning to Cas, nudging at his foot. He makes a valiant attempt at resisting the urge to fidget once he gets his attention. It’s not entirely successful but if Cas isn’t going to mention it then neither is he. “So uh, I got you somethin’ too.”
children was not an easy task. By the end of the hour, he’s got a handful of clothes, a pair of shoes each, and little else. He almost buys them car seats, but he’s attempting to be optimistic that the situation will be resolved quickly enough so that he won’t need them.
“Do you actually care?”
Sam shrugs, not unsympathetically. “You wanted answers quick, he’s offering them.”
He blinks the tears back, brain desperately ping-ponging for an exit strategy. He’d been hoping Cas had forgotten about that. Voice a little hoarse, he says, “Let’s leave stuff like that for Sammy to teach you, huh?”
, its a little uncomfortable. But not because-" he breaks off with a huff. "Look, I'm just used to Sammy teasing the crap outta me if he ever catches me letting loose. Which is hilarious, considering him dancing is basically just flailing his gargantuan limbs.”
Sam frowns at him, unimpressed.
Castiel snorts. "If only his personality were that easy to explain away." He packs up a slice of cherry pie and rings Dean up.
“I, uh, I have somethin’ for ya,” Dean mumbles, looking down and kicking at the ground in front of him.
Sam turns to Kevin, the beginnings of an amused smile forming. “Looks like the Queen is coming.”
As it plays on, his fingers start tapping along to the rhythm onto whichever book is in his hand. When it gets to the chorus, his shoulders start twitching. It’s not exactly dancing but as the song goes on he finds he can’t stay still, feeling compelled to move to the rhythm.
Dean’s essentially been thoroughly swapped out by his little brother for company.
“What would a better choice of words be?” He honestly sounds curious, which is the only explanation Rick has for the fact that he answers with, “Well, it’s blue enough to drown in.”
Reopening the fridge and grabbing the nearest water bottle, he hears Cas say, “I’m glad you’re feeling better.”
The others are already situated comfortably around the room in various stages of wakefulness; Sam and Charlie seated at a table across from each other and chatting while she fiddles around with her laptop for a few seconds, increasing the volume of the music filtering out of the laptop’s speakers.
that Sam’s still not entirely sure were supposed to be actual fumbled attempts at flirting with the oblivious angel or Dean’s version of pulling Cas’ pigtails. Or, well, wings would probably be more accurate back then. The fact that he’d apparently tried again now and Cas
“Did you buy them anything to play with?” Kevin asks patiently. “Books or toys?”
“What?” He says, looking up to see the sprig of mistletoe that Cas was staring at – a sprig which had definitely not been there an hour ago, he’s sure of it. “Oh.”
“It became my damn business when you asked me to keep him busy while you’re doing whatever the hell you’re doing now,” Sam retorts. “Would it kill you to just talk to him? At least tell him he hasn’t monumentally screwed up somehow because I’m pretty sure he thinks he’s done something to make you mad at him.”
Dean takes the brief moment of distraction to grab Cas’ angel blade from his lax grip and lob it right at the Empty’s chest with practiced accuracy.
Sam’s expression turns unamused.
“None of your damn business,” the guy says irritably. Which, ok, ruder than he was expecting. A saner person would probably back down by this point, but there’s only been one other customer in the past two hours and he’s bored, so sue him. He wants to know what’s gotten the guy so pissed off, so he asks what he feels is the most logical possibility for a grumpy, male-model-looking dude. “Girlfriend put you in the dog house?”
On a whim, he decides to keep an eye out for any mentions of Veritas. It’s a reach, but it’s not like they’ve got anything else to go on.
Dean shrugs, not that Kevin can see it. “That’s what the false IDs are for. C’mon, get a little fresh air, see some other human faces besides your own reflection. You might even have fun.”
Sam raises a brow, reluctantly curious.
Sam doesn’t have his hopes any higher than Kevin does, but he and Dean had survived on worse than this as a kid so he’s not counting off his luck yet. Besides which, he’s hoping he doesn’t have to end up desperate enough to get as creative as Dean had back then either.
The general steps to make a pie had seemed deceptively simple, and yet, he’d failed miserably at his first two attempts at making a pie. On his first attempt, he’d misread the temperature settings and accidentally set it too high, which resulted in the pie getting burnt. That pitiful excuse of a pie was currently resting in a charcoal lump in the trash.
Dean watches him quietly, lips pursed. “Not something you can fix, buddy.”
with neither of them sure of what got set off or how it works, it’d be stupid to disregard the possibility, no matter how slim.
It takes Sam all of half an hour to come to the realization that shopping with children, let alone shopping
As promised, the mermaid scales arrive the next day and it doesn't take them long to mix up the potion for the reversal spell. Once the kids drank the potion, all Sam would have to do is read out the spell and hope for the best. Kevin hands Cas and Dean a cup each of the potion before moving back to stand beside Sam and Charlie.
Sam gives him a look but doesn’t comment on it.
Cas smiles at that, a little more sturdy than last time. “Thank you, Sam.”
“Great. So we’re still at square one. Fan-friggin-tastic.” He slaps a hand over his face, dragging it down slowly. “Alright, y’know what, forget figuring out which one it is. It’s either one or the other, so let’s just do that negating spell or whatever you suggested on both.”
Sam moves quietly to the door, pushing it open gently.
Balthazar hands the drinks over to the ladies with a charming smile, waiting for them to leave before turning on Castiel with a put-out expression.
whoever’s listening for a case, just a salt-and-burn one somewhere a couple hours drive from here, so he didn’t have to keep doing what’s essentially a nerdy hunter’s version of glorified paperwork. He wasn’t fully on board for the Men of Letters legacy crap like Sam so eagerly was, he just wants to enjoy having a home base and a room of his own.
Castiel’s foot taps along to the beat as he keeps on re-shelving books, nodding along to the tune. The singer’s voice is quite pleasant and he finds he enjoys the song and its upbeat pace.
“Not since you scared him off earlier,” Kevin replies, watching Sam check behind the curtains of the telescope platform. He turns back to the room, crouching to look under the tables. “Sam. What happened?”
Sam stares at him for a moment before relenting with a shrug and half-nod of agreement and gets back to eating breakfast.
Sam rolls his eyes, turning the file around and pushing it in his direction. “There isn’t much in here. Based on the date of the report and what Henry told us before, it looks like it was part of a bunch of things they’d acquired before… y’know.”
Sam groans. “No, that’s not- I forgot about the witch. I couldn’t dump her body yesterday because of...” He gestures at the kids.
Sam sighs, running a hand through his hair. “We’re working on it.”
“I’d make the same choice again if I had to.” His brows furrow slightly. “The only thing I would change is all the trouble I ended up bringing to you as a result.”
As Dean and Sam move to leave the shop, Castiel watches Dean bring his coffee up for a quick sip, slowing halfway through the gesture as he catches sight of the dark scrawl of text on the otherwise unmarked cup and freezes halfway out the door. Sam turns to question Dean, only to be ignored in favor of returning to the counter. Castiel watches all this in mild terror, heart racing, mind having blanked out as soon as Dean had noticed his hastily scribbled message across the side of the cup.
Now that Heaven and Hell were closed the Winchesters didn’t really need him around anyway.
“Yes, Dean.”
Sam gives him an unimpressed look before huffing a short breath through his nose. “Let’s say I believe you. What I’m getting from all this is that you can lie, but not to Cas.”
Dean’s in the middle of washing dishes, soaked up to his forearms in water and suds, when his phone chirps from where it’s sitting on the kitchen island. He pauses, squinting at it to see if it made any more noise but it stays silent. He darts a glance at the wall clock to check the time, it’s too soon for the alarm he’d set to ring, and Sam’s more likely to come to the kitchen directly than message him if he’s managed to dig up anything to do with this truth nonsense. Assuming that it’s probably a junk text, he shrugs it off and gets back to washing up.
“Can I get you anything else with that? Maybe a number? Or a date?”
He still finds that he rather misses Dean’s presence though. Not that Dean has been missing, though Castiel has mostly only seen him in passing over the last few days, their excursions into town notwithstanding. But it isn’t quite the same when Dean is busy with his own tasks, be it cleaning up around the bunker, working on the Impala, or cooking, or any other of the plethora of tasks keeping him so well occupied; Castiel isn’t able to be involved in those let alone be nearby as a bystander to learn if nothing else, what with the help he’d promised Sam.
Noticing the thoughtful look on Sam’s face, he raises a brow.
“Napping,” Kevin replies, not looking up from his book. “It’s something humans do, kids are just allowed to get away with it more.” He looks up then, in time to catch the look Sam’s giving him.
Sam hesitates before settling back against the wall, arms crossed. “You’re sure there’s nothing else we can do to cancel out the spell?”
There’s a label here, at the bottom.” He holds the box closer to get a better look. “
“I would rather not publicly humiliate myself on an assumption of yours, Gabriel,” Castiel replies tartly, moving away to wipe down the empty tables instead and create some physical distance between them. This sadly doesn't deter him from trailing behind Castiel.
“Mass Effect 3? Nice,” Kevin says, smiling. “Thanks, Charlie.”
“-crushed pixie wings, mermaid scales… hair of a unicorn?” Kevin reads out, perplexed. “Sure, why not - angels exist, I get turned into a prophet of God by a bolt of lightning - why
Wiping his hands off on his jeans, Dean makes a show of checking the time. “It’s officially lunchtime, and I am
As much as he hated witches, Cas needed to start getting some practical experience on how to handle them. Escaping Purgatory had taken a pretty big toll on the guy, tearing apart at his grace and leaving him a step or two up from being human. And seeing as he didn't seem to be in any hurry to go along on his merry way to make a nice little cookie-cutter life for himself (Dean's grateful that Cas is staying, he really is, even if no one knows it), it meant that they needed to build up his hunting skills.
“Mmm,” Cas grunts, rubbing at his eyes. Dean catches the smudge of dark circles under his eyes as his hand falls away.
He sighs, setting the knife down and hurries quickly down the hall.
Kevin looks up at the sound of squelching footsteps coming down the stairs, brow raised. “You fall into a river while you were in town?”
“That’s a dangerous promise to make,” Dean says, amused, quirking a brow at him.
Balthazar opens his mouth to argue, then closes it with a sigh, dropping the argument.
“Ow, shit! Fucking again!” Dean curses, hobbling back to lean against the counter while his foot throbs.
“W-what?” Oh, how the tables have turned. Dean can feel the tips of his ears burning, probably matching nicely with the hot blush on his cheeks. He can’t help the strained quality of his voice as he asks “You saw me? When?”
Dean waves his hand impatiently in Cas’ direction, not quite meeting his eyes. “You heard me. You’ve got your friggin permission, but don’t blame me if you don’t like what you end up hearing.”
“Why don’t you let me decide that?”
Kevin blinks, caught off-guard. “Uh.”
He’s been slowly inching himself across the kitchen as they’d talked, but he’s still too far from the gun she tossed away. He moves for the back-up tucked into the waistband of his jeans. The kitchen island’s in between them, but if he moved fast enough he could get a kill shot in.
“On the contrary, Dean. You’re quite beautiful.”
The brothers share a long look, whetting his curiosity all the more.
Sam clears his throat uncomfortably.
Cas isn't much of a chef himself – heating up prepackaged meals or cup noodles don’t count – having never had to cook a day in his life. Neither of his parents are particularly adept in the kitchen, in fact, the only person in his family who could claim to have any culinary talent was his brother, Gabriel. While making normal meals usually resulted in food that could be potentially classified as a bio-hazard, Gabriel was able to make some of the best desserts Cas has ever had. It's an interesting dichotomy he's never sought to question before, though he probably should.
“Yes, Dean,” Cas agrees, taking another bite of his burger. He chews it slowly like he’s savoring the taste, which he does for pretty much anything you put in front of him now, but Dean’ll take it for the well-deserved appreciation it is here. “This place was a good choice.”
Crowley raises a brow. “Much as I’m sure you’d like to continue appreciating my visage, I’m rather certain that’s not why you’re here.”
Over the course of the week, more often than not, Sam or Kevin would find Cas sulking somewhere in the library with Buzzy in his lap or by his side. He hadn’t taken it well when they decided he wasn’t allowed to stay with Dean while he was sick and set up another room further away from Dean’s for him to stay in. He took it considerably less well when he’d been told he wasn’t allowed to visit Dean while he was sick, and had taken to sneaking into his room when no one was paying attention. Considering how smoothly things had been going with Cas until then, Sam figures something like this was long overdue. He’s just grateful that Cas hadn’t managed to get sick from their stint in the rain or his regular Houdini acts into Dean’s room.
“You’ve done more for this world than anyone will ever know, Sam. This is just one in a list of those things.”
“The cashier was male,” Cas corrects. “He said I had eyes blue enough to drown in. I assumed he was being friendly.”
A smile twitches at the corner of Dean’s lips as he stares fondly at Cas, radiating a sort of quiet happiness. He looks happier than Castiel can recall him being in recent memory.
“Hey,” Dean says, grimacing. “Sorry ‘bout that.”
The flat, withering look Dean gives him at that could peel paint.
“Great. You go check the rooms in this hall, mine and Kevin’s too. I’ll check the kitchen and the pantry. We’ll meet back in the library.”
), he takes a deep breath. He can fix this.
As Dean moves to grab his wallet, a tall, giant of a man suddenly appears behind him, clapping him on the shoulder. “You ready to go?”
sad-faces, right?
Cas stares at him for a long moment.
Stone-Cold Fox nods. Guess he remembered it right after all. Or the guy doesn’t know the difference. Whatever, he’ll take it.
Sam huffs, pushing a wet strand of hair out of his eyes. “You’d think it was too early in the year for rain considering we’ve barely had any snow all winter. This is what I get for not checking the weather report.” He starts trying to squeeze water out of the ends of his hair.
Sam frowns, unimpressed. He wants to push Dean and get some idea of what bug was up his ass about this situation, but he’s liable to have better luck getting the bunker to talk than his own brother.
They end up playing until well past dinner time, only stopping when their hunger caught up to them.
“What’re you reading?” He leans closer, tilting his head to see if he could make out what’s on the page a bit better. None of it looked like actual words he could recognize.
“Stop making up lies, Gabriel,” Castiel says, punctuating it with a slap upside the back of his head. He turns to face the customer, feeling somewhat awkward. “He’s not my childhood crush, but thank you.”
He raps his knuckles against the door. “Dean?”
He goes about shelving peacefully, only half listening to the songs and the radio jockey talking in between songs. He’s barely listening when the strains of the newest song reaches his ears.
Kevin side-eyes him. “Maybe you need less coffee.”
“Is Crowley dead?” At Dean’s bewildered look, which pretty much confirms that Crowley is still
Cas cocks his head curiously as Dean flushes, digging back into his meal with even more vigor.
Sam shrugs. Small talk was, unsurprisingly, awkward since they never actually did it before. He doesn’t really have much else he can think of talking other than ‘work’ or Dean, and both topics were technically off-limits. So.
Before Kevin can decide whether or not to give a retort to that, Sam asks, “How’s the research going?”
“You’re still mad at me. About before, with the angel tablet.” Castiel’s eyes rove over Dean’s face, trying to read into what he must be thinking.
“What do we do if it doesn’t wear off then?”
“Was gonna ask you what you wanted to have for dinner,” Dean says offhandedly, attention caught by the box in Cas’ lap. He edges closer to take a better look at its contents. “What’s that?”
“…All of it,” Cas replies hesitantly, speaking to the wall in front of him instead of looking at Dean. The room falls silent, the tenseness between them hanging thick in the air.
“If you have no further need of me, Sam, I’d like to go back to my room. Since Dean does not wish to see me, I won’t trouble him with my presence.”
Cas nods. “If they caught me before the spell was complete, yes. I’d planned to stay behind on Earth, if I could.”
Dean smirks. “Haven’t really had some ‘alone time’ in a while and I got this new online subscription for-”
Sam frowns. “Cas, I’m not angry at Dean
He regrets the words as soon as they leave his mouth, but it’s too late. The damage had already been done.
“Cas!” Dean nudges his shoulder roughly. Cas jolts awake, looking sleepy and confused. “Wha- Dean?”
The rain could go… could go far away for all Dean cared.
He’s right, of course. That doesn’t stop Dean from throwing the nearest book at him anyways.
Before Cas can attempt to push for answers, Dean claps his hands together and says, “Let’s get going before my stomach decides to start eating itself.”
“Good. Let’s go.” The kids scramble out of the car. Sam closes the car door once they’re out, picks Dean up and props him on his hip, then takes a hold of Cas’ hand and walks into the store.
He’s in the middle of a mostly incoherent argument-slash-debate with Kevin when he hears a slightly loud and very familiar voice cut through the music. “Are you propositioning me?”
Ma’at’s actual feather,” Sam says, tone turning exasperated. “No amount of digging online’s gonna get us a solution because the internet hasn’t become a how-to guide on dealing with cursed knock-offs yet.”
"I ain't got anything against wiping my hands off of the guy, believe me."
Oh, no.
Cas casts a reluctant glance in Sam’s direction. He either sees something of what Sam’s thinking on his face or maybe he feels similarly, whichever it is, Sam can see it coming when Cas caves with a small sigh.
“But it can be done?” Sam pushes.
Crowley raises a brow curiously.
Cas doesn’t respond. His brows furrow as his gaze drops down to his feet, his bloodied hand clenches into a fist.
“Figured that might’ve been the case,” Sam says, polishing off a sandwich. He munches on another, chewing thoughtfully before deciding to comment on something that’s been niggling at him. “You’re handling this situation surprisingly well.”
Cas meets his eyes with a skeptical look.
. Sam gives him a flat, unimpressed look, opening his hand out to Dean. “Hand it over.”
“Way to go, Casanova!” Gabriel praises, slapping him on the back – hard enough to almost propel him into the counter. He ignores the glare Castiel sends his way and pretends to wipe away fake tears. “My little bro is growing up so fast. It’s only a matter of time before I’ll be walking you down the aisle and giving you away to Dean to live in glorious gay matrimony together.”
Within the first few rounds, a few things quickly became obvious. The first was that Cas and Kevin were exceptionally good at hiding. The second was that there weren’t a lot of places for someone as tall as Sam to hide without being found easily.
Sam’s lips purse as he looks away from Cas. “He has some things he needed to take care of, so it’s just the two of us.”
food?”
Castiel thinks. It’s liable to go down as well as the first time he’d tried that apology. They haven’t talked about it since, but he’s known Dean to hold onto his grievances before. He just hopes that maybe this time he’ll be allowed to do some penance.
“It’s easy enough that a monkey could do it,” Dean shrugs, “‘s kinda the idea.”
That manages to tease a weak little chuckle out of him, strengthening Sam’s smile in turn. He steps forward, reaching out to give Cas’ shoulder a comforting squeeze.
“Remember when you were complaining about not having enough snow the other day?” Kevin says, walking down the stairs.
“But you’re my fa- friends, I should be able to-”
Dean immediately opens his mouth to object, then stops. He’d been planning to have Cas tag along with him to be on the safe side, seeing as the guy’s never dealt with a witch while semi-human.
me a pie?"
“Like how you’re being so honest with Cas?” Sam says sarcastically.
“What the fuck?! Why the hell am I naked, Sammy?!” Dean yells, moving to cover himself.
“Hey Garth, what’s up?”
right, he doesn’t want to have this conversation, now or in the future. But he’s grown tired of the distance. Putting it off and waiting isn’t going to make this any less painful. “If not now, then when?”
Sam frowns. “How can you be sure?”
For all the lingering awkwardness that remained between them, he’d thought he and Dean had come to some sort of peaceful middle-ground now that they were on something of equal footing. That maybe, undeserving as he was of it, he’d been forgiven for his injudicious actions. For Dean to be so wary of him now… apparently he’d been deluding himself.
He digs into his now-cold burger to underscore the point, feeling Cas’s eyes on him but resolutely ignoring it. He relaxes fractionally when Cas’ gaze eventually slides away from him to people-watch the other diner-goers.
There’s no new messages since the last ones he’d sent yesterday, and after that awkward little fiasco at lunch that sent Dean running, it’s a fair bet he’d be occupied with cooking up something or the other in the kitchen once he was sure it was safe to go back there. He takes another moment to appreciate his find before sending it to Dean.
, Sammy.”
“Hey! Get your own damn slice,” Dean says in mock outrage, grabbing the fork back from Cas.
Kevin blinks slowly at him. “Yeah, good luck with that.”
“If we’re done with the sharing and caring handouts, can we please have breakfast now? I’m starving.”
,” Dean says gruffly, grabbing Cas’ arm. “Let’s go.”
Sam glances down at him, seeming to relax fractionally as he shrugs. “Seems like. Don’t ask me how.”
one, Rick might reconsider the college idea), there’s something about him that’s unfairly hot. The kind of hot his tía Rachel would classify as a stone-cold fox. Which, hey, works as a better nickname for the guy too.
“That’s mine,” Cas interrupts, taking it from her and handing it to Dean. “It’s for you.”
Sammy’d wandered off to do something, so Dean couldn’t ask him. He’d have to ask Kevin instead, but he couldn’t do it alone so he gets Cas to help him. Dean heads over to Kevin, sad-face in place. Sammy almost never said no to his sad-face so it should work on Kevin too. Cas had his sad-face on as well; it wasn’t as good Dean’s, but he was trying. Kevin wouldn’t be mean enough to say no to
“I leave, but I check in with you
“You’re welcome,” He chokes out, looking away as he feels a blush begin to burn at his cheeks.
a spell?”
“I’m gonna-” Dean interrupts, jabbing a thumb in the direction of the bathroom. He doesn’t care about how awkward he might look scrambling out of the booth so long as he wasn’t around to hear whatever Cas was about to say next.
Castiel blinks.
“Cas?” Sam says.
“You don’t have to make me anything,” Sam objects.
Sam shrugs. “Don’t think so. Then again, it’s not like Cas and I have issues talking about things.”
“What
“The words ‘Crowley’ and ‘drinking buddy’ shouldn’t ever be in the same thought-space. The limey bastard’s been keeping to his room well enough since you insisted on moving him there, he’ll survive one more night. Worst case, we get Kevin to keep an eye on him for a couple of hours.”
dead, he rephrases, “Is he finally gone? I can’t think of anything else that’s got you doing all this other than gearing up to celebrate something.”
“Your heart isn't beating,” Cas tells him, confused.
. Which does nothing to comfort Kevin about his own lifespan. But, more importantly right now, he needs his coffee.
“Basically, yeah,” Sam says with a sigh.
Dean smiles back, a little stiffly. “Just the check.” Something occurs to him and he grimaces a little as he corrects, “Uh, a chicken caesar salad to-go and the check.”
“No,” Cas replies, looking up from his book. “He said he was going to talk to you. He wants to play.”
For all that they’ve finally won once and for all, the victory feels hollow.
statement manages to do something funny to Cas’ frown, though he turns away before Sam can try to guess at it.
He mentally runs through his plan of action as he pokes at the pancake before expertly flipping it. Getting the feeling he’s being watched, he glances over his shoulder only to find Crowley watching him with a sardonic little smile.
“For whatever I’ve done recently to upset you and make you feel the need to avoid me. I’m still learning about human boundaries, but clearly I’ve overstepped something unawares and made you uncomfortable,” he says, not meeting Dean’s eyes.
“Why not now, tonight?” Cas leans back in his chair to glance at the clock. “It’s not that late.”
Usually it was Cas who’d find Dean brooding there when he wasn’t hovering over Sam instead of the other way around. Not that Cas brooded, no. He just had his nose stuck in a book or his phone most of the time. Dean’s been wondering if it’s time to suggest a hobby, even though it feels kind of weird to.
"What?" Cas says, unaware of the picture he makes. Dean eyes rove over him, taking him in, from the dark green apron he's wearing, covered in splatters of blue of varying sizes, to the dusting of flour on his hair. He looks like a modern art rendition of a Christmas tree, fine coating of fake snow and all.
look. Something’s not adding up, and he feels like a dunce who’s playing to the wrong script.
Cas, lightweight that he was, was going to be suffering his first human hangover once he woke up, but chances were fair it wasn’t going to be anytime soon. Dean never thought he’d have a reason to be grateful for Cas’ budding general hatred of mornings, but he finds one now.
Cas waits for his hand to fall away before pulling Dean back into another kiss, longer and more lingering than the last one. Eventually they have to pull back to breathe but they don’t move far away, just enough to look each other in the eyes. Cas smiles.
“That’s just how us humans are,” Sam says easily. “Well, most of us.”
“I’ve seen some of it whenever I’ve joined Dean on supply runs. It’s similar to most other small American towns I’ve seen.” Cas trails off, looking like he’s sure he’s expected to say more but unsure what else to say. Eventually, he lands on, “The burgers at the diner we visited were very good. You should have joined us. I’m sure there would have been a healthier alternative that would have been acceptable for you beyond just a salad.”
“Cas,” Sam tries again.
Dean scowls, expression dark and building in anger. Crowley holds a hand up to cut off whatever tirade he’s likely winding up for at the same time that Sam places a hand on his shoulder with an expression on his face like he’s mentally telling his brother to calm down. Dean doesn’t acknowledge the look, but he takes a deep breath, arms crossed. Sam turns to Crowley then with a prompting look.
“You made momma’s soup?” Dean asks, awed.
Sam takes a bite of his wrap, slanting a glance at Dean where he’s perched on the edge of the bed. Catching the look, Dean rolls his eyes. “Much as
Sam gets all of a few moments to root around in the cupboard for his healthy, tasteless excuse for cereal before Dean rounds on him.
“I don’t understand how we’re related sometimes,” Dean says, shaking his head with an expression of exaggerated disappointment. “Heaven and Hell are closed for Earth-side business, you and Cas are more or less in one piece, and things’ve been quiet on the hunting side. Of all the things we could do during the mini-vacation we got dropped into our laps, you manage to rope us into spring cleaning a storeroom.”
make you sanitize the entire kitchen if I find you guys sucking face here again.”
By the time Dean gets back to the library, there’s no one to be found. He drops his presents under the tree adding to the decent-sized pile already there and wonders where Sam and Charlie could’ve wandered off to.
“Look, what I’m trying to say is, we’re glad you’re here. Powers or no.”
Castiel huffs a laugh, amused by Jody’s mortification.
He straightens up, running a hand through his hair. If he could just find the witch’s things and burn them, maybe it’d undo the spell.
“That’s different,” Cas says stubbornly, and then adds with a sulky sort of frown, “I’m not a pot.”
“Dean,” Cas interrupts, expression pinched and more than a little frustrated. “Being human might be new to me, but I know myself enough to know what I’m feeling. I’d appreciate it if you didn’t doubt that.”
"Eh, close enough," Dean smirks. He’ll have to remember to tell that one to Sam later.
Cas finally looks up and meets his eyes, there’s resignation in his eyes but no regret. “I did what I had to.”
He struggles harder as she starts chanting, but it's no use. He's a sitting duck.
“Sure. C’mon munchkins, let’s go find some clothes for you to wear,” Kevin says, herding them out of the bathroom.
Having been mollified by the ice cream and exhausted by their exciting day, the kids end up snoozing in the backseat all the way home.
There’s a lot more giggling and wriggling before Sam manages to calm them down enough to finish bathing them and wrap them both up in giant fluffy towels. Once he’s done, Sam finally looks down at himself to assess the damage. His t-shirt was soaked through and his jeans were completely weighed down with water. He’d track puddles everywhere if he stepped out of the bathroom now.
“Great,” he says, grabbing at his friend’s purchases. “Let’s go. Stuff’s gonna start melting in the car if you keep dawdling any longer.”
Cas frowns at Dean first, then at Sam. Looking confused and a little troubled, he asks, “With your clothes on?”
starts to play, nudging at Sam with a socked foot and an expectant look. He rolls his eyes at her with a smile but joins in. Cas starts humming along softly next to Dean. Kevin still looks half asleep where he’s sitting with his chin propped up on his hand but Dean thinks he can sort of make out a smile. It’s the most normal Christmas he can ever remember having and it’s… nice. It’s not quite a Hallmark moment but it’s as good as, and that’s more than enough for him.
“Angels have no need of possessions of any kind,” Cas tells him. “But humans define themselves by what they call theirs. This body-” Cas cuts himself off for a moment, jaw clenching tightly. “Jimmy deserved better than this. He was a good man, his body was never meant to be mine to keep, but he’s gone and I’m… all alone in here.”
“Whatever you want it to be, Cas.” Dean shrugs, trying to pretend he’s calm about this when in truth his heart’s hammering against his ribcage so hard it’s liable to beat right out of his chest. It’s a wonder Cas can’t hear it.
“Oh,” Castiel says. He doesn’t look or sound greatly upset, but Kevin can’t get rid of the feeling that he’s kicked a puppy while wearing a steel-toed boot. Great, now he feels guilty.
“I’m hurt by that, I truly am,” Crowley says dryly. “And here I thought we’d had a moment back in that church.”
“How’s a night out drinking sound?”
Honestly, he’s not even sure why he’s bothering getting in the middle of this. Whatever’s set Dean on his hot and cold mood has nothing to do with him, and it’s not like Kevin is friends with Cas by any stretch of the term.
“Yeah, I can see that,” Dean replies with a slightly amused smile. “So uh, did you mean it?”
“Y’know you can talk to me about anything, right?”
“I didn’t realize you were planning to make a twenty-minute walk into town just to buy beer. You could’ve asked me to get some on the next supply run.”
Castiel takes a breath.
“Well, I’m sorta in the middle of something here, so-”
Cas looks up inquisitively.
“You’re being forced to be honest right now,” Castiel says. “I can’t imagine that wasn’t what you truly meant.”
“Of course not, Dean,” Cas replies, rubbing at his eyes.
Sam rolls his eyes but doesn’t respond, closing the door behind him. “Did you guys figure it out?”
Castiel stares at him uncomprehendingly. Dean sighs.
“You’re gonna think I’m nuts.”
Sam glances up from the tome in front of him at the sound of footsteps approaching. “Hey. Find anything interesting?”
Cas sighs and finally relents. “I didn’t sleep that well last night. It’s not a big deal.”
“Wear that.”
It’s better than the alternative.
Crowley raises his brows slightly at that, noting that little kernel of information for later.
“No, no it’s not that.” Dean hurries to correct, moving closer to Cas as he does. At his doubtful look, Dean amends himself. “Ok,
No cars in the neighbor’s driveway. Good, that meant no one was home. If he was careful, he could ‘borrow’ some clothes for Dean and Cas until he got them some of their own.
Sam raises a brow.
“Was there something else you wanted to talk about?” Sam asks, confused.
Sam frowns, more of a grimace really, and says, “Whatever you know about things like this would be useful since we uh… we’re not really sure what’s causing this.”
“I, uh-” Dean stutters, unsure of what to say.
“What is it, Cas?”
“They say bottling stuff up ain’t good for you, but what do I know, these guys have corked up enough feelings that’d make a volcano erupt.”
Sam opens his mouth, about to ask how sure Dean is, but Dean continues right on. “We were clearing off some shelves, and I’d been griping about how the stuff in here was a pile of useless crap, just sitting around collecting dust for us to clean off. I remember- I remember handing that to him after I’d checked it, told him to give it to you so you could make the final call on tossing it. He opened it up and took out the feather, to take a closer look or what I don’t know, and then he started spouting off something or other about how ostrich feathers were a big deal in Egypt and some other place forever ago.”
Just in case it's not super clear, the season 8 finale didn't quite happen the same way here as it did in the show. So, no Naomi hunting Metatron down or proclaiming death for our dear Sam, and no secret double agendas from our weasely little scribe. Everything's as above-board as you'd expect/hope for dimension locking trials (or whatever you'd like to call it) and the boys just really need a vacation (though this is not that fic unfortunately).
Dean hovers outside Cas’ room, debating whether or not to knock or stroll right in. Cas wasn’t exactly secretive or protective of his privacy, so strolling right in wouldn’t be an issue; but it’d be rude, not to mention possibly awkward considering how they've been tiptoeing around each other for the past week since the spell broke. Mending any potentially broken bridges between them wouldn't start with him acting like a caveman.
That earns him a glare, and a short, “No,” as the guy flicks a glance back at his car. Rick follows his gaze and sees Grumpy Male Model dude’s friend watching the other cars drive by.
The effort’s wasted as it turns out since the guy’s either real deep into the broody, sulking thing he’s got going or he just doesn’t care. Once he’s close enough for Rick to see the guy up close, he mentally renames him as ‘Grumpy Male Model’. It’s counterintuitive to being a mental mouthful, not to mention the guy’s as much butch as he is a male model; unfortunately, the useful part of his brain that helps keep him entertained during these shifts has decided to be useless today. So, the new name stays.
"You haven't noticed anything weird while talking with Cas recently?" Dean asks suspiciously.
It was similar enough to the poker playing witch they’d taken down a few years ago to catch Sam’s attention. So he’d brought it up to Dean, figuring it’d be a good opportunity to give Cas some actual hunter training.
“Chores were piling up since no one here actually
He sets the bags down on the map table and calls out to Kevin. “Where’re the kids?”
Sam shrugs. “I’ve got as much clue as you do.”
Without thinking, Dean turns to look at Cas and gets an eyeful of him standing there completely naked and uncaring of the fact.
“I was hoping to try and make it myself,” Cas says, though he doesn’t seem to be put out by the fact that Dean made it instead.
They were running out of places to look, but Dean just had to be somewhere in the bunker that they hadn't checked yet. Unless-
Dean grunts in agreement, grabbing the nearest stack of papers. Sam follows suit.
Kevin grunts, slowly going back to his food.
“We’re gonna buy some more clothes for you and Cas.”
Dean hurriedly turns the oven on before grabbing two frozen pizzas out of their old industrial fridge.
“You still haven’t explained what a ‘sugar daddy’ is.”
“Prophet of the Lord isn't exactly a normal job – weird comes with the job description. Get back to me if one of you gets turned into a chick or an octopus,” Kevin replies, bringing over the new plate of sandwiches and seating himself next to Cas. Sam stares at him, eyebrows raised, a skeptical expression on his face.
And Dean still wants more even when he’s afraid of trying to think of what ‘more’ might entail. But what’s the use? Wanting more in life than the cards he’s been dealt never ended well.
Cas leans back against the counter, rubbing at his temples to keep the slowly building headache at bay. He shoots a quick glance at the kitchen clock to make sure he has enough time for one more attempt before resolutely setting himself back to work.
Cas turns around, setting the book down on a growing stack nearby that’s almost up to his knees.
Sam reflexively braces himself at the question, momentarily surprised when the clawing-scratching sensation doesn’t start up. Either the question is too vague or the effects are finally starting to wear off.
a sight more interesting than drab walls of his room and his current reading material, rather regretting the selection he’d nabbed out of the library.
Sam figures it's due cause for a celebration, for the kids
“Guess you could call it that,” he says gruffly. A little defensively, he adds, “It’s not a big deal.”
Tempting as it is to take another, hopefully more successful shot at flirting with Stone-Cold Fox if he ever comes back, he’s not sure yet if he’s willing to risk his life for the attempt.
Dean freezes up, in surprise he tells himself, because he’s still got hunter reflexes and Cas’ silent stalking around somehow manages to pass under the radar. Not because of anything else.
A dozen thoughts chase each other around his mind, but one question stands out louder than the rest. “How long?”
“Sorry,” Rick says, looking down to pay more attention to bagging someone’s purchase than he ever has.
Sam takes a few minutes to make his own coffee, taking the time to collect his thoughts, idly grateful for the fact that Cas isn’t accidentally prompting it out of him. By the time he takes a seat across from Cas, they’re a little more coherent.
“Ha ha, Kevin. Very funny,” Sam says dryly. “You’re a real comedian.”
“I’ve got it!” Kevin exclaims, slamming his hands down on the table. He moves over to Sam and hands him the book he’d been reading.
The only thing he’s got going for him is that Cas and Dean seem to recognize and remember him to some extent, though they don’t seem to be remembering much else. He’s not quite sure how that works, but he knows better than to look a gift horse in the mouth, considering the alternative would be convincing two children that he’s there to help them and not kidnap or kill them.
“I can help you guys look after the kids while my computer does what she’s good at.”
“I don’t really have anyone to compare it to.” He tilts his head. “Other than Crowley I suppose, but it’s not exactly a fair comparison.”
“What?” Sam asks, knowing he’s mostly failing at not sounding ridiculously interested. “What did he say?”
“You’ve one less item to consider now,” Crowley points out. Unsurprisingly, Dean doesn’t look any more grateful about that than he did a few minutes ago, so Crowley adds condescendingly, “As much as magical nuances evade you, having a natural affinity for magic does
At best, he’d gently reject Dean in his own Cas-like manner; it’d get awkward after but they’d plow on somehow. At worst, he’d leave. Maybe never even speak to Dean again, leaving him to glean updates on how he’s doing from Sam.
Cas squints at him. “How can you be sure?”
Damn it, this was a stupid idea after all, but he’d let it slip out so easily that he doubts he’d have been able to keep it secret for long anyway. Saying it at some unforeseen point in the future would be better than this fucking nerve-wracking waiting for Cas to just do
“Wasn’t worried,” Dean mutters into the mouth of his beer bottle as Sam shoots Cas a text.
The twink huffs.
Dean shrugs it off. “It’s just spaghetti.”
Dean thinks, annoyed, but what comes out instead is “Because he’s back in Purgatory. So, non-issue.”
He finds himself mulling over the last few days as he runs. They’d all been falling into new routines, with him and Kevin spending most of their time poring over whatever books they could find while the kids were parked in front of the TV in Sam’s room watching cartoons more often than not. Sam’s not too keen on the bad habits he’s building with them by doing this, but the distraction of the few coloring books he’d bought only lasted so long.
Dean hates witches.
He glances over his shoulder in confusion. “Aren’t you guys prissy tea drinkers?”
, “back when I was a demon. Doesn’t quite have the same effect now, of course.”
“Squirrel?” he says cajolingly, assuming the elder of the two to be more inclined to divulge tidbits at the very least.
“What does this mean... for us?” Cas asks hesitantly, sounding hopeful and nervous.
“What a surprise,” Sam says dryly. “We’ve only been at this for a day, so he’s going to have to suck it up.”
“Menopause, midlife crisis.” Dean shrugs. “I don't really give a fuck. Now listen, cuz I’m only gonna say this once - the stuff you’re playing with is dangerous. You have to stop."
“I just wanted to say that I’m sorry.”
“Time’s up,” the Empty says, scowling.
“More records,” Sam replies immediately with a wry half-smile. “Ones that actually have useful details in them.”
Kevin shrugs. “Not like it’s hard.”
He weaves past Sam, slamming the door loudly behind him as he leaves.
“So what’d you do?”
Rick shakes his head nervously. “Bad choice of words.”
“Uh, hey Cas,” Kevin says, taking a few steps backward. “Sorry ‘bout that. Didn’t see you there.”
Sam’s to blame somehow, he’s sure of it; he’s been giving Dean looks lately even if he hasn’t uttered a peep about whatever’s shaking around in his big head. The fucker even cheerfully volunteers to play a round against Cas once Dean’s done showing him the ropes.
Crowley shrugs. “There’s no use of casting a negating spell without something to direct it at.”
Sam thinks, closing his eyes and taking a deep breath.
Kevin shuffles into the kitchen half an hour later, rubbing at his eyes. He stops and squints at the trio sitting around the dining table eating breakfast.
try waiting it out, let it wear off on its own.” The elder Winchester makes a face at that, a cross of discomfort and panic before quickly suppressing it.
“What? What did he get you?” Charlie says, jumping up to peek over his shoulder. She whistles. “Harry Potter box set. Sweet.”
Dean looks doubtful but does as he’s told and drinks the entire thing all at once. He coughs a bit after but makes no more complaints.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas says, looking up, a little more subdued but the soft fondness still visible. “Did you need something?”
“Any non-spell variants?”
Sam huffs, grabbing up his mug and heading for the coffee machine. “You were pestering me for an update not even an hour ago. Figured I’d do that and take a break to get some coffee. Everything I read’s just blurring together at this point.”
“I’m sure you’ve heard the saying ‘no man is an island’ and all the philosophical nonsense attached to it,” Crowley says nonchalantly, starting in on his lunch.
“It tastes… weird,” Cas replies, setting the sandwich back down and pushing the plate away.
Sam leaves Cas be for a while once he returns, figuring he’d give the guy some space. Dean hasn’t blown his phone up with angry texts yet, so it’s safe to assume Cas hadn’t gone searching for him.
“Moose,” Crowley replies pleasantly.
“Is there an echo in here? Yes, today. Not like we’ve got anything urgent, and don’t you try feeding me any nonsense about storeroom work being ‘urgent’.”
Dean reaches behind himself, grabbing his gun from where he’d tossed it aside and bringing it up, redirecting Cas’ gaze to it in the process. He taps a finger against it. “That’s why we’ve got these. Special witch-killing bullets, just for her. Don’t worry, you’ll get one too.” He pauses. “You
“You haven’t noticed anything different about him?”
on it, because it’s
“C’mon ya little mud monsters, let’s go get you cleaned up.” Sam grabs their mud-covered hands, dragging them to the bunker’s large, communal bathroom.
Dean frowns. “
Dean focuses more on chewing his food than he’s ever done in the past, trying to stretch out the time and keep his mouth occupied until the waitress drops off Sam’s lunch at their table. He hastily swallows the last of his burger, plucking a napkin from the dispenser on the table and perfunctorily wiping at his mouth. Dropping it on his now empty plate, he grabs the takeaway bag as he stands up.
Putting some space between him and Cas was a side-benefit. Cas hadn’t said anything to the change, hadn’t really said much the entire morning now that he thinks about it.
Forcibly making himself relax, he answers a little stiffly. “To keep Kevin from practicing knife-fu on Crowley. And hello to you too, Sleeping Beauty. Glad you finally joined us.”
Cas shakes his head. “He was more scared than he’d be willing to admit. I assume it feels like he’s able to do even less now while you recover.”
Castiel starts to internally panic. He hadn't given much thought to the possibility of Dean having a boyfriend, but why shouldn't he have one? An intimidating giant of a boyfriend at that; one who might not appreciate him asking Dean out, via a cheesy line on his to-go coffee cup or otherwise.
“I value our friendship, more than you know,” Cas says finally. “I wasn’t sure I was allowed to have more than this and I would have been content with what we are if that’s how you wanted it to remain.”
“I-” His heart is still pounding a frantic drumbeat in his chest, but Dean hasn't thrown his coffee in his face, so he rallies his courage. “Yes. I'd like to take you out on a date. If you're willing.”
Sam pulls out his phone, hoping that maybe he’s missed a call or message,
Cas sulks some more but doesn’t deny it. It makes him look like a fussy, miffed cat and Dean can’t help but find it adorable.
“I remember,” Cas replies. Dean wasn't entirely sure if he was imagining that hint of smugness in his tone or not.
“How would you go about compelling someone?” Sam prompts.
“Dean, are you-”
Sam watches, amused, as Dean seems torn between preening or blustering and waving off the compliment. Instead of responding, he decides on gulping down half his beer and digging into his own dinner.
Dean scoffs.
Dean sulks a bit as they wander back over, new toy in hand. Cas doesn’t miss his expression; he looks down at the stuffed bee before looking back up at Dean. “I’ll share it with you,” he offers solemnly.
“Burgers?” Sam guesses dryly.
Getting under the hood of his Baby is a kind of comfort that all his hours in the kitchen can’t emulate. It’s a part of his heart, and still home beyond the place they’re living in now.
“I needed space,” he admits, looking off to the left of Cas. “It’s not like I’ve been spending all this time being mad at you for that shit. Like I said, I'm over it."
The room goes quiet, both of them suddenly uncertain on how to proceed.
With the spell still going strong, and the risk of bumping into Cas loitering around, it won’t be safe to head back downstairs for a while yet.
“Thwoat hurts, Sammy,” Dean whines.
Dean’s scowl intensifies, but he pays it no heed, glancing at the two objects once again.
Dean side-eyes him with a flat look.
A very, very tiny part of his brain pipes up with wanting to flirtatiously quip at Cas asking if he’d
“Shit. That’s not what I- damn it, Cas.”
Castiel squints at him. Sam straightens up uncomfortably under the look. Something was going on here, leaving Castiel distinctly out of the loop.
Sam watches him go curiously, then shrugs and gets back to work. He’s pretty sure Dean’s hiding out in his room, so there’s no chance of Cas running into him. Besides, he hadn’t made any promises to chain Cas down to the storeroom.
“Fuck,” he says again, louder this time. “Fine. Ask me.”
They take a break for lunch before moving on to check out the doctor’s office exhibit. Once again, Sam gets roped into joining them, with Cas as the doctor and Dean as his nurse, treating Sam’s ‘injuries’.
Cas and Dean whine and squirm all the way.
“There’s no law against being friendly, Dean-o. What can I get you, handsome?” Gabriel asks, charm levels on high.
to lose him. He’d made shit attempts at trying to make peace with the prospect in the past, every other time he lost Cas; he couldn’t control what happened those times, but this time, it’d be his fault.
“Doubt it,” Sam says. “He probably headed back to his room and forgot about dinner.”
“Yeah, Cas?” Sam replies, eating another spoonful of rocky road.
Sam thinks, smiling.
, an argument which should have been amusing considering the current situation, but really, really wasn't considering the amount of effort they had to put in to wrestle him into bed. Bribes didn’t work so well with Cas, nor did Sam’s unfortunate attempt to threaten to take his stuffed bee away. The resulting tantrum was best left forgotten.
“No breakthroughs, if that’s what you’re hoping for.” Sam nods, frowning. It’s not like he’d been expecting an immediate fix for their situation, but the low-level worry simmering in his gut’s got nothing better to do than nag at him about worst-case scenarios the longer things dragged out.
Dean’s arms cross, expression closing off. “So you get why I don’t really feel like talkin’ to you right now?”
“Anyone ever tell you you’re like a grumpy cat?” Dean replies idly. “It’s adorable.”
“I made one for you as well, Sam,” Castiel says, taking the proffered parcel from Charlie and handing it to him. Dean quits giving him the stink-eye to see what Sam’s one looks like, watching as he rips apart the wrapping. Sam crows once he sees the scarf.
The newly enforced distance between them is discomforting, to say the least. It struck differently from similar times past. Maybe the feelings were magnified in the empty chasm inside him from the loss of his connection to his siblings, to Heaven. Maybe this was just how strongly humans felt things.
Kevin rolls his eyes and gives a disgusted noise that Dean takes as agreement.
Sam sighs. Well, at least they were alright. And then what Cas said sinks in.
Sam shrugs. “It can happen. But if you’re so worried I’ll text him to remind him.”
Cas narrows his eyes at Sam. He raises his hands up defensively. “Hey, I wasn’t the one who said it.”
Kevin’s still in the hallway, giving Sam a small, tentative smile when he steps out.
“Don’t even think of going back to sleep!” She calls out as she leaves.
Apparently the guy was able to make friends with nicer people, who knew.
“If my memory on mythological history serves, I’d wager a guess that these items match rather well with possessions that belong to Veritas and, hmm, Ma’at if I had to guess. Of course, the mirror’s not the original.”
Cas keeps at it for a few more seconds but the pain only abates, not subsiding much. Cas’ hand falls away as he steps back, staring down at Dean’s bloodied side. “I’m sorry,” he says quietly, “I’m not strong enough - an injury from Death’s scythe isn’t something I can heal.”
“Message received, boss lady. I’ll scoot on out of here and back into the kitchen.” Gabriel salutes her as he walks past. Before she can question Castiel – as he's certain she intends to do – she’s forced to attend to a somewhat harried man who orders five different coffees to-go. The coffee machine tended to be a bit finicky in the morning, so Castiel gets back behind the counter to help her with the order.
“Kev?”
thing he’d been planning to make.
“Gabe, are you harassing Cas again?”
“Hey,” he calls out gently, not wanting to freak Cas out. Cas jolts anyway, fumbling the book in his hand before it slips out of his grasp and lands a few feet away with a dull
Sam shrugs, leaning back against the dining table and crossing his arms. “I think we’ve found all the records for the stuff in that room, but it’ll take some time to comb through it.”
” Charlie shrieks gleefully. “When did this happen? I need details!”
Dean sticks around for lunch just long enough to shovel some food into his face and then makes a break for it to the garage. God is he ever grateful that this giant, secret society building has a decent garage.
“It’s the Empty,” Cas says tightly, not looking away as he slowly backs up, knowing Dean’s doing the same.
“My bee. He’s in the library,” Cas replies, blinking up at him sleepily.
“I was feeling hungry,” Cas says, because of course he was. Why else would he be here?
“Let’s hope the third time actually
“Guess that’s going on your to-do list then,” Kevin replies dryly.
“I dunno what I was thinking; I saw it when I was in town and I thought you might like it. So. You can use it as a hunter’s journal or whatever.” Dean shrugs, rubbing at his neck in embarrassment. “Do what you want with it.”
Dean shakes his head and claps Cas on the shoulder, nudging him along. “Come on, Cas.”
He’s pretty sure he’s going to regret this. Hesitantly, he asks,  “What?”
Sam reaches for it at the same time Cas does, managing to grab it first. He brushes off the cover before handing it back to Cas, who takes it with a quiet ‘thank you’.
Sam snorts a surprised laugh. That explains the marked lack of scars they've had over the past few years. “Thanks, Cas.”
Cas doesn’t respond, but Dean can hear the sounds of him eating a few seconds later, so he allows himself to relax a bit. Taking a sip of his coffee, he glances Cas’ way, only to find himself on the receiving end of another squinty look.
,” Crowley drawls, “I didn’t say there was one for this situation, because there isn’t.”
“At least it doesn’t make us tell the truth to any random joe schmoe that we talk to.”
Castiel carefully side-eyes Dean, confused as to the cause of the sudden change in Dean’s mood. Instead of saying anything, he settles himself further into his seat, slanting his glance away to the buildings slipping past as they drive.
The first thing Dean notices of course, is the pie sitting innocuously on the cooling rack. An excited grin lights up his face. "You bought pie?"
“If there are sugar fathers, are there sugar mothers as well?”
Sam picks up the frame, turning it around as he moves to put it back on the side-table. The now-dead witch smiles sunnily back up at him from the photo.
Since Cas was okay playing whatever Dean wants, he decides they should play tag after they’ve finished their mud pies. They get bored with it after a few minutes because it's dumb if he and Cas only chase each other, so they end up splitting up and wandering around by themselves.
Sam has the courtesy to look embarrassed. “That was a bit of a… miscalculation.”
Instead, he says, “Just… stop freezing him out. Please.”
“Hey Cas, you’ll never guess what happened today-” Dean turns around and trails off, staring in surprise.
“If you wanna stay here and choke to death from the dust of these ancient relics, power to you, I guess,” Dean says, rolling his eyes. “Don’t forget to feed Crowley. I don’t wanna come back to deal with him being pissy.”
“Unless your little spell stripped me of my magical sensitivity, I
“Hell yeah. Do you even have to ask?” Dean says, moving to seat himself at the kitchen island. Cas cuts out an extra-large slice, grabbing a fork from the dish rack as he sets the plate down in front of Dean.
“Don’t worry,” Sam says sarcastically, “he took it well enough to head back to his room.”
proof before I actually believe you, Dean."
Dean scowls. “I thought you said you’d actually be useful.”
It’s too early in the day to be dealing with this. Not that there’s ever really a good time to be dealing with Crowley. “You’ll go back after you get breakfast?” Dean asks tiredly.
“I don’t like this,” Dean says quietly as soon as they’re outside Crowley’s room. “Not one bit.”
“A couple days,” Sam admits, resigned. He clears his throat again, seeming to shake off a cough. “About five days, we think.”
Castiel likes to tentatively think of them as friends.
“Guys?” Sam asks, getting enough breath to ask before inhaling more of the smoke and coughing harder.
A gentle touch at his wrist pulls his hand down.
And that’s why it can’t happen, why he can’t breathe a word about it to Cas. He’ll repress it deep down with all the other shit he’s repressed until it kills him or he dies.
Sam scoffs. “Don’t let Dean fool you into thinking the way he eats is the way a healthy person should; I wouldn’t be surprised if his arteries get clogged before he’s fifty with how much red meat he scarfs down.”
“No, you’re not.” Dean cuts him off before he can try to object. “I know you’re not a hundred percent yet, I ain’t expecting it so soon after all that crap. But don’t pretend like you’ve forgotten how you could barely leave your damn room without exhausting yourself less than a week ago.”
He turns the oven back on to preheat and goes to prepare a new batch of dough for the pie crust. His hand slips as he measures out the flour, causing a cloud of it to rise up into the air. He sneezes twice and looks down in exasperation at the flour now dusting the counter top.
“Are you alright, Dean?”
And he never even asked for it. Not when he knew what it would cost Cas.
“It’s satisfactory,” he agrees, taking Dean’s fork to cut himself another piece.
“I understand, but-”
Dean smirks around a forkful of spaghetti but doesn’t deny it.
Dean huffs a laugh. “What can I say, I’m just that awesome.”
Mildly amused, he replays the gif a couple of times. It’s funny in a cutesy, animal-makes-human-expression kinda way and he can imagine that Sam would probably get a kick outta seeing Cas’ reaction to it. Cas was obviously the intended recipient, considering the fact that Dean already knows they have a habit of sending stuff like this to each other (from Cas’ own admission when Dean once asked him what he was smiling like a dope at his phone for). Apparently his brother’s butterfingers ended up sending it to Dean instead.
“It’s very quiet in here. I suppose I got lost in my own thoughts.”
“Yeah,” Kevin agrees, brushing the snow off his head and shoulders. “It’s mostly snowing in town, though it’s definitely making its way here.”
“Why don’t we head out for some fresh air?”
you’re able to run around like this, and I’ve kept my mouth shut so far when you keep trying to push yourself, so at least be honest with me when I ask.”
Whatever face he’s making has Cas smiling back, that little happy one that’s a punch to Dean’s heart. There’s
Nope, not dreaming.
Cas nods again, not really looking like he believes it. Sam’s not sure what’d convince him. He watches Cas finish off his coffee, allowing his own to cool as his mind wanders. Maybe saying it isn’t worth much if they don’t show it, and they haven’t really been doing much showing of it lately.
“Why d’you even want me ‘wound, Cas?” Dean asks, sniffling and hiccuping, making it harder to get the words out. Tears ran down his cheeks, mixing with the rainwater dripping from his hair. “Can’t help Sammy or Kevin. I pwobably annoy you too, you’re just too nice to say anythin’.”
They both stare at each other for a few moments before Kevin remembers to respond. “It’s nothing. Just… thinking.” He trails off awkwardly. Cas stares at him a moment longer before accepting it with a nod.
Cas’ brows furrow. “I can’t do anything to help heal you, Sam.”
“Afternoon, Moose,” Crowley says affably, setting down his book as Sam wanders in with lunch. “How goes your little quandary?”
Kevin glances between the two of them with dawning understanding, lips pressed into a thin line. He closes his book forcefully, grabbing the attention of the other two occupants in the room. “Where’ve you guys looked so far?”
“You’re wet,” Dean says. He grimaces as he asks, “Did’ja shower?”
“Lemme know if he doesn’t, so I can lock away all the kitchen knives.” Dean huffs. “Armory too, probably.”
from Kevin saying that he’s managed to find Dean. He barely resists the urge to toss his phone when he doesn’t find any missed notifications, shooting him a quick text instead.
He nods at the book. “Doubt Benny’s in there, huh.”
Kevin pours himself a cup of coffee, carefully sidesteps the cereal littering the floor and takes a seat at the table. He closes his eyes, practically inhaling his first sip.
She looks back in time to see him make a move for his castaway gun.
Crowley offers up the now empty plate in response. Sam accepts it with a quiet sigh. “Thanks for the help, I guess.”
“Of course. Why wouldn’t I be?”
Dean’s drunk brain stalls at the question. Cas on the other hand just frowns and says “Yes.”
Cas gives a short, sharp shake of his head.
Their eyes meet as realization occurs to them at the same time.
“Experience,” he says. “Lisa made sure I knew that she’d match me drink for drink and win if I tried to be uppity about the bright eyesores she called drinks.” Blinking in surprise at his own words, he hastily corrects himself. “I mean- your tolerance is worth shit compared to mine. Don’t beat yourself up over it.”
the charm,” he mutters to himself as puts the pie in the oven. All that’s left to do now is wait.
gets suitably conveyed. “You guys can deal with cleaning up.”
“As for the clothes, they’re yours if you want ‘em. We’ll buy you some of your own if you don’t like them. And about the stuff,” Dean says, regretfully moving back to indicate the box, “I didn’t mean it like you think, I just… figured you deserved better stuff than what you’d find lying around in the dirt outside I guess.”
Sam rolls his eyes. Crowley waves a hand at the bed, the only other space to sit available in the room. “Stick around, chitchat for a bit.”
Dean huffs a laugh. “You’ve got no idea what I might say.”
Dean opens his mouth to argue, then closes it. His lips press into a thin line, looking annoyed.
“When you get an owie, you got’s ta’ bandage it,” Dean says, sticking a plaster onto Sam’s forearm.
“Huh.”
Suddenly becoming the older brother on a kind of technicality he’d never expected made Sam realize that he was starting to miss things he’d never expected to. Like walking past the shower room to Dean singing off-key to Metallica in the shower, the conversations he’d have with Cas in the library late at night when he couldn’t sleep, or his brother humming the chords to Led Zeppelin songs as he cooked. He hadn’t even realized how much he missed Dean’s cooking till then. No one’s complained about their steady diet of takeout and frozen food with the occasional attempt at actual cooking thrown in, but it’s a depressing enough thought if Sam lets himself think too much on it. He figures the least he can do is try and take them to the park in town and let them burn off some energy while getting fresh air. Normal kids probably got out a lot more than Dean and Cas did currently, and while neither they nor their current situation was something anyone would consider normal, he could at least try to put some more effort into it. Maybe he could even drag Kevin out with them and get him to enjoy the light of the sun while he’s at it.
Sam rolls his eyes. “You can either play more or you can go without lunch! Your choice!”
Dean gives him a warning glance. Castiel decides not to heed it. “Even if you say it’s more complicated than any issues you have with me, clearly some of those exist.”
Having conceded to being too poorly coordinated while ‘buzzed’ - “I’m not drunk,” Cas had insisted huffily - to have any hope of winning a round of pool, Cas somehow manages to convince Sam into a round of darts instead. Dean’s pretty sure that’s gonna end in disaster so he tries his best not to pay too much attention to them.
Dean straightens up, annoyance blending with defensiveness as he squares off against his brother. “Hold up, how is this only
Castiel looks down with a frown. There it is.
Sam stays quiet, lips pressed thin. He doesn’t meet Castiel’s eyes.
“Which is why we’ll canvas her place tomorrow,” Sam replies, taking a sip of his beer.
“Shit,” Dean says emphatically.
“That’s not humanly possible,” the guy says slowly, frown still in place. It takes Rick a few moments to un-brace for trouble and read the confused frown for what it is. He relaxes, breathing out a small sigh of relief.
Cas slows down a bit, turning to frown at him. “I’ve ensured the both of you are at peak health whenever I’ve healed you. Neither of you has any clogged arteries to worry about.”
Sam inclines his head in agreement. Figuring the conversation was over, he turns back to the shelf in front of him, pulling out a thick book and brushing off the thin layer of dust with a grimace.
“I’m human, not inept.”
Sam side-eyes Kevin, not sure how well his plan will work but refrains from saying anything when the kids agree to it. The kids get changed into their brand-new pajamas and minty fresh in short order, ready to be shepherded off to bed. It’s then that Sam discovers a new problem.
if the expression on his face is anything to go by.
“Yeah?”
Ignoring the hangover headache he’s got as best as he can, he tries to patch together what did and did not happen last night. It’s a shitty attempt on its own,
The ache in his chest will dull, eventually. He can only hope it won’t take as long for Cas. After all the pain and misery he’s gone through because of Dean, he shouldn’t have to suffer more.
Cas hesitates a moment, tightening his grip on the box, before turning it to show him the box’s contents instead of answering. Upon closer inspection, Dean sees some colorful pebbles, a bunch of dried flowers, a few feathers, a bottle cap; all technically garbage, but they had something in common. Every single item was something the pint-sized version of him had given Cas.
“Gabe, stop harassing my brother.” Dean rolls his eyes. “Ignore him, Sammy.”
“Pretty sure he’s the one pilfering the leftovers when no one’s looking, so no need to worry your pretty little head, Sammy. ‘Sides, not like Crowley needs to know that Kev’s still moody enough about him being here to go all hermit-y. We just lean on the fact that he knows the guy isn’t a fan of his, and what he could do if we weren’t holding him back.” Dean shrugs easily. “Should give him some motivation to behave."
“You doing ok?” he asks. Not that he normally would, but it’s more than a little weird to see the guy looking as drawn and wan as he does now. He hasn’t managed to look like this the few times Kevin’s stumbled out of his room in the middle of the night only to bump into the guy, so yeah, it feels more than a little strange to try and ignore it.
Just as he’s leaving the kitchen, he hears Sam tell Cas, “I’ll rock-paper-scissors you for it; loser has to take Crowley dinner.”
“Well,” Sam frowns thoughtfully. “It’s
was bigger.” He frowns, muttering a quiet and uncertain “Old,” to himself. The furrow in his brow doesn’t lessen by much as he continues, “I was stronger, before. I used to protect you and Dean.”
“Don’t let tha’ zombie get me!” Dean yells.
“And here I thought you liked having opportunities to be a nerd.”
Sam winces, giving Crowley a vaguely apologetic expression.
Crowley sighs a little, rolling his eyes. “I’ve followed your rules quite well so far. Trust that I’ll continue keeping to it for a little longer.”
“I get it, Cas,” Dean interrupts, heart tripping over itself in his chest at the intense earnestness behind Cas’ words. “You don’t have to say it.” He’s not quite ready to hear the words. (He’ll still know they exist, waiting on the tip of Cas’ tongue for Dean’s permission.)
“Come now, Cassie, it’ll be fun. You don’t want to leave me all on my lonesome, do you?” He says, bringing Castiel’s wandering mind back to the present.
“Dinner?” Crowley prompts. Castiel looks down at the plate in his hand as if seeing it for the first time.
"Castiel," he said, looking back at Dean. "I'm an—" He swallowed. There was no script. They had torn it up years ago. "I'm an angel."
Chuck must have realized he was running out of time, so he snapped his fingers to finish the symbols around the sigil and there was nothing Jack could do about it. Another loud gurgling sound pulled his gaze back to the fissure. It widened and then spit out a humanoid form. In the moment of passing between realms, the figure was still entirely covered by gooey, black oil, but the substance dropped away mid-leap.
"I had my own reasons to research this. You see, it is a topic of grave impact on realmatic theory and it could forever revolutionize the outdated Almanach of the Arcane on portal transit."
The intensity of the warmth this simple word spread throughout their body took him entirely by surprise.
"That sounds useful," Castiel stated carefully, not quite sure how to proceed from here. No matter how often he'd been convinced to have finally mastered human interactions, he still received
"Back! Get back!" Sam shouted through the deep rumbling that made the ground shake beneath Jack. A deep crack formed in the field, widening by the second. Rows of onion plants directly in front of them were breaking away for a plummet into nothingness. Even during a wild retreat backwards, Jack found himself unable to avert his eyes from the cataclysm.
Their tongues found each other and the press of his lips against hers held a desperation he'd never kissed with before. He poured himself into the touch, wanting to undo the hurt that life had inflicted on her, at the same time searching for something that would make him more than a burnt-out shell again.
The awkwardly crouched position was beginning to hurt in Jack's legs and a twig bit into his face, but he didn't allow himself even the smallest movement. Chuck turned around, looking at something in the distance. The anger had suddenly drained from his grandfather's voice as he shrugged lightly.
This chapter might not exist without you, and the constant exchange and support while writing was a bigger help to me than I can ever say.
"What've you got?" he asked them.
"Dean, what—"
"Yes."
The storm behind Rowena's words ebbed away and she just stared at him in silence for several long moments before she repeated solemnly, "Together."
They returned to the porch together, Jack holding up the lantern while Dean hauled Sam to the sofa in the living room. He knew that once he sat down, he would be far too exhausted to get up again, so he didn't risk it, no matter how inviting the cushions looked in that moment.
burned right over the scars that loss had torn into him.
"I guess," Dean said. "Still sucks we can't use our phones anymore, though."
Finally, a spark of recognition seemed to shoot through the angel's form as he drew back from Castiel's sprawled out grace. Castiel let him go, was stranded in his desire to help with the simultaneous knowledge that he was the reason for all of this. The last seconds of Balthazar's life flashed up in his mind, made him hear every nuance in the words as if he was there again, forever burnt into an angelic memory that remembered far too many details for its own good.
. The smile remained on Sam's face even as he shook his head in disbelief, holding out his hand.
Jack hugged himself more tightly, pressed his arms against that stifling feeling in his chest.
to be a prisoner of the cycle that suffering begets suffering, but I thought I could break that cycle now." She finally met his gaze, her eyes shimmering in forlorn intensity. "If redemption exists, if evil truly can be redeemed, then so can Hell, aye? And if it can't, that means..."
"Oh, for... not this again, Samuel!" Dean exclaimed and Castiel could feel Dean's annoyance flare up in their shared mind while Dean dried his face with his sleeve, then fastened his own seatbelt and reached for his phone to connect it with the car.
his mind cried out with everything he had. The wordless answering call ran through him like an earthquake, rocking him from inside in a familiar sensation that burned strongest in his left shoulder.
regret. For taking a stand, against God. It felt like her eyes had been fully opened for the first time when she had gained a glimpse into Metatron's mind, the supposed Voice of God.
"And the demons. Maybe the angels, too. And one squirrel and one hawk, but I think the hawk killed the squirrel."
Who happened to be Jack's father, which Crowley couldn't so much as consider without a shudder of utter contempt.
Stuffing everything into the backpacks posed a bit of a challenge, especially with the blankets, but they managed a more or less equal split of their supplies. While they got dressed in their newly acquired warm outdoor clothing in the hallway, Sam became aware of a certain tension he felt, a sense of finality in leaving this peaceful farm house behind as a last waystop before a trip into the unknown.
"Charming," Roderick commented. "In that deranged lumberjack sort of way."
Stories had always been living in my mind, but I had never dared actually releasing any of the words from my mind to (virtual) paper for fear of failure. Yes, that's stupid, but it's still how it was. I had
ZIRDO G SALMAN - I am in a house.
"The reason why I wanted to change." That probably shouldn't have surprised him as much as it did. "And the reason why I wanted to change Hell."
Jack's mind was unable to even touch the question of how many realms had been held apart by this seam they had torn into so carelessly, the doubt over what they had done. Worry over Dean's fate overshadowed all of it, balling his insides into a tight knot of guilt and fear.
It may have been the fact that he just couldn't get himself to pierce Dean's throat, even in death. Or the way Roderick was now looking at him with eyes that were green again—calculating, yes, but also surprised in a way that only earth-shattering revelations caused. Several seconds ticked by where neither of them moved, both of them just staring at each other.
I hope none of you objects to having this particular chapter dedicated to them—I swear this isn't meant as an insult, even though the chapter includes torture. I really only wanted to express my deep gratitude to you.
Jack glanced around another time, but the barren trees were the same in every direction. His hands curled into fists in frustration over how every single thing he tried, no matter how small, always seemed to go wrong.
The screech repeated itself, inhuman, primeval, high enough in pitch to hurt in his ears. It was answered by another from further away, sending shivers of dread over his skin when he realized these had to be multiple creatures, communicating with each other over a distance.
He ripped his wings out of the ether faster than ever before, all too aware that his life was not the only one at stake. And that's when he spotted him, his father, the creator of all things, with his hand held high in front of a banishing sigil hovering in the air.
dead, but death at least would have given them a definite location, a place where they could find them. This, though... all they had with this was uncertainty and memories.
"...don't understand why you'd turn on your most valuable ally, but that's your loss. I won't—ah!"
"The Story of Niwen" by Gareth Coker
He also grabbed the pillows and blankets from the double bed, and a third blanket from one of the other rooms, before returning downstairs. Jack had apparently finished his work with the salt lines and was back in the living room, staring into the flames. He turned at the noise of Dean pushing the mattress in front of the fireplace and tilted his head at the sight.
And what was seeing their family happy and carefree and together, no longer burdened by the weight of the whole universe collapsing around them, if not his deepest wish? So the most likely explanation for this all was a dream, or a hallucination. Maybe he would see the people they had lost walk into the room any moment. He swallowed, tightening his grip on the blade enough to feel the hilt sting against his palm, grounding him.
Hearing his own name this way was never going to be not creepy. Jesus. He wasn't even going to try sorting through whatever this word string had been. With a last touch of warmth to his chest, the orange light faded into nothing, leaving Dean's world thoroughly shaken to its core. He had no words, absolutely none, to describe what had just happened when Jack quietly said his name.
Well, not
Obviously not a friend of protracted silences, the man spoke again after Jack had made only a few steps towards his new destination.
"The good news is," Rowena said mirthlessly, "the world might not have a lot of time left for either of us to be miserable."
So of course he had believed life was rarely happy enough for the deal to trigger. It had made
Sam cleared his throat. "Yeah, and I also left some money for this family on the desk. So it's more of a... purchase now."
His eyes stung, so he closed them and inhaled slowly, deeply.
"You've..." Speaking was an effort when his mouth felt so dry that his tongue refused to move. "You've had water all this time?"
make it, though, they still didn't know what the Empty did to humans, or mostly-humans. And the last time he had been in the Empty, there had been no sign of an exit until Billie had actively pulled him out. He'd either end up dead or as a prisoner of an entity that hated him. But he couldn't afford that. Earth couldn't afford that. He had work to do.
Light was a sparse commodity in the dungeons of Heaven. There certainly was
"Christ, Jack. I—" Dean rubbed over the bridge of his nose, closed his eyes, breathed out. "I once told him he was dead to me.
Dean's eyes glowed blue and wings fanned out behind his back, dark shadows that materialized as black feathers in a shockwave of thunder. Jack's breath caught in his throat. Tattered and broken as they were, the wings couldn't actually carry Dean into the air, but they might just suffice to propel him forwards enough to reach solid ground. He could make it, Jack would catch him, he'd pull him the rest of the way. He just had to get a hold, had to grab Dean's jacket, had to—
the animal to walk the other way. Another step by Chuck scared it enough that it shot straight towards the shrub Jack was hiding behind.
Jack was racing back through the field the way he had come, towards the spot where he had last seen Sam. He stopped, turned around in a full circle. There was no sign of life, not in the field, not anywhere else.
being. While Roderick had been merely on the defensive until this point, that changed after Jack's second attack.
music had never even crossed his mind. "No, I like music, but I don't know how to make it myself. I really only wanted to light the c—"
"Rowena, listen to me." Sam grabbed both of her hands, uncurling her fists in the attempt to stop her from descending even deeper into that spiral of her personal despair, his own misery forgotten for the moment.
Dean could feel the dread rise again, clawing at his chest. He swallowed against it. When he finally found his voice, it was a raw, trembling thing.
A small spot of warmth bloomed in his chest when he realized she was right. This time was different. This time, he wouldn't be hunted as a freak. This time, he had someone by his side who
But she could not do that from inside of this cell.
Sam and Rowena rushed towards the door while the demons struggled to get back to their feet. With the witch just one step behind him, Sam bolted out into the hallway, but skidded to a stop when he heard her hiss in pain. The torturer had taken hold of her arm, his fingers digging roughly into flesh as she was pulled back over the door sill and into the room. A blade was pressed against her throat, one of the tools that had fallen to the ground just before.
"Jack, I'll get the fire going. Can you check if there's any salt in the kitchen and lay down a line at the door and windows?"
"We don't have to eat either," Roderick continued. "Then again, demons usually have no intention of returning their vessel to its original owner and couldn't care less if the meatsuit lives or dies."
Whoever this peculiar man was, Jack was thankful for the distraction, and for the simple fact that he was no longer all alone with thoughts and feelings that were far too loud. The voice still danced around a feeling of familiarity that he couldn't quite pinpoint. He latched onto the chance at conversation, anything to keep him from falling back into that deep hole of despair he'd been stuck in before.
What he hadn't expected to happen was the sudden appearance of oily black veins throughout the angel's true form, and he knew, he just
"What's so funny?" Sam asked, frowning at him.
"Doesn't matter, Sammy."
"Why is it that I always end up with the mad ones?" she asked, but it was with that twitch of her mouth that indicated she was joking. Her eyes sent warmth his way.
"We can't call 911. There's nobody left to call! Let him try it!"
All he could do was shake his head, dazed.
Dexterous beyond what his human side could do alone, he sneaked outside, gently pulling the door closed behind himself to keep the cold out of the cabin. Then he ran. It felt good to release that pent-up energy, heeding the call to action by dashing through the nightly forest. With the cold air in his lungs and the dried leaves rustling under his shoes, drops of rain falling into his face, he no longer felt lost. He felt
Sitting down on the cabin's front step, he took off his backpack to rummage through its contents. He found a small black device with a blinking red light. It looked remotely like a phone, but not quite, especially not with that thick antenna sticking out from its top. Nothing like this had been inside his own backpack, so he must have ended up with Sam or Dean's. The mere thought of these names sent another violent shiver through his body.
The moment Chuck adorned the circle with a little triangle at its top, Jack realized what it all meant and jumped to his feet, no longer caring about any sounds that might draw unwanted attention. Still entirely invisible, even to his own eyes, he dashed towards his grandfather and pushed him away from the unfinished sigil.
"Sam, follow me!" she called out, and he let himself be dragged along. A look back confirmed Sam's suspicions that the closer one of the demons was back on his feet and made up leeway, but Sam was unarmed now that the had thrown his only weapon. In a move that was only half thought through, he reached out on the run and tried to tear one of the torches out of its wall mounting. It was stuck and stubbornly refused to budge, causing him to lose precious seconds until he eventually managed to free it.
No, that would have been hopeless, doomed even before the words could have left the lips of her vessel that was now lost. Just as Castiel himself was. They'd all been able to feel it, when another of their dwindling numbers was torn away forever. It shouldn't have ended like this.
"Tell me again...," Roderick inquired, almost yelling to be heard over the rising storm. "Why exactly are we taking this stroll in such beautiful weather when there was a perfectly fine building just a stone's throw away?"
Definitely Enochian. Sam was far from being a fluent speaker, but what little he knew about the language matched the long, open syllables he was hearing right in this moment. Even more concerning was the fact that he now identified the voice as Dean's. The memory of the unfeeling ice in his brother's eyes while his body had been commanded by an archangel was still too fresh to be scabbed over completely, so he really did not like the sound of this.
In the face of Dean's verbal equivalent of a whiplash, even Sam budged and complied. As soon as the door closed and the seatbelt clicked, the car sped back the way it had come from in reverse. In front of them, Castiel saw the center of the storm front brewing in a cone of darkness.
" he said.
"That isn't particularly funny, Dean."
The lumps of ice falling from the sky grew in size and Jack tried his best to shield his head with his jacket. They crested the incline, and there, just on the other side, the cabin's wooden roof came into view. Jack's heart beat faster as he and Roderick lurched down the slope side by side.
"Are you... sure?" Sam's gaze flicked back and forth between Jack and Dean.
It was hard to hold anything back in this Vulcan mind merge thing. Dean let his relief spill over, but yanked sharply at his own fear.
"Cas!" he yelled, but found that he couldn't hear a single sound in the Empty. His throat formed the shape of the name again, with the same result. Screw it. They didn't need words, never had.
He could hear Sam and Rowena arguing softly at the other end of the room, their voices lowered to whispers. He could hear Dean's even breaths, slowly turning into short gasps. What he
The other two must have heard his gasp and followed his gaze because they all started talking at once.
Jack gasped at the sudden realization. "Feathers... you've said that before. Feathers is... it's what you call
The frown on his brother's face intensified. "Sleepwalking, Dean? Really? That hasn't happened since you were, what, fifteen?"
To Hell with the habit of giving a damn about the opinion of people he hated, who hated him in turn.
"As I was saying before we were so rudely interrupted, there's a faction of demons still clinging to concepts so ridiculously outdated that it's as sad as humanity's blind faith in a God that turned out to be not only uncaring, but outright hateful."
"I know," Sam breathed out, more softly than before.
Sam gasped awake to the sound of shattering glass, but he couldn't tell if that had been a nightmare. He rubbed the sleep out of his eyes and found himself entirely disoriented. Not only had he never seen this room before in his life, the gray light falling in through the shuttered windows had such an odd quality to it that he had no idea what time of day it was.
Jack felt a sting in his chest, understood Sam's doubts all too well because he had asked himself that same question more than once. He had been their secret weapon, their one way to set the whole universe right. And then he
The blanket suddenly became the symbol of everything he despised, of the way his chest burned even though it should have long stopped doing that. He'd really thought he was beyond this. His fingers buried deep into the offending flannel, crumpled it in his closed fist until he flung the blanket at the closest wall with a noise of revolt. He turned and moved to the cabinet in a straight line, not even bothering to turn on any kind of lighting. Darkness was more his style anyway.
Dean watched the movement of the nearest wall, the twisting shapes inside of it that always withdrew before they were fully formed. Castiel had to push away the memory of being one of them with a shuddering intake of breath.
Jack couldn't believe he'd been
Remains of her once powerful wards were still visible, but several bricks in between had been violently flung out of the walls, disrupting the flow of magic inside her symbols. Nobody had bothered to clean up the mess, or maybe the debris had been left out in the open as a statement to any who still supported her. She didn't know what had happened to her patrols, an entire squad of supposedly loyal followers in favor of the changes she'd made in Hell.
No longer burdened by the fight, Castiel was able to call out names of his own without the risk of losing Balthazar to the void.
Dean's gaze darkened. "What did you do to him?! Don't you think he has gone through enough? He doesn't deserve any of the crap you've put him through!"
Castiel heard a car door slam closed somewhere behind them.
, my hair is
Castiel broadcast over angel radio, hoping that the sound of their native language might be of help to ground the angels in their first moments back in this new chance at life. For those who wouldn't be able to hear this, he followed up with a more general 'Remember who you are' that his true voice carved into the darkness.
Sam had no idea how, but Jack's enthusiasm about such a simple thing just made him smile, despite everything. He exchanged a glance with Dean, saw the worry there, the affection, the
Jack realized what he wanted was certainty. He longed for the truth, one way or the other, even if it could end up tearing him apart. Being suspended like this, unknowing, was even worse, slowly driving him insane. If only more of his grace was left, if he was still angel enough to receive prayers himself... the answering silence would rip out his heart then, but at least he'd
deeper than the pain of any torture he'd ever endured.
Jack watched the flickering form manifest again, this time overlapping with Sam, coexisting in the same space. It was hard to see where one stopped and the other began. "A
The demon didn't reply, instead erected even higher walls around his presence in their shared mind. Impeccable timing as always, this was the moment Balthazar chose to free himself from his prison and appear in front of them. His vessel had been ripped away from him in death, left behind at Castiel's feet on the floor of a dirty building. In front of them now was a much older form—dark violet streaked with black, resembling the night sky in a desert. The sight of the light towering high over Dean's body erased any traces of the elation Castiel may have felt before, replaced with grief for what had been, what was lost.
Feeling a rush should have been pointless now at the end of all things. Yet, Dean had been speeding all the way back to the bunker despite the road blockages.
I ignite!
The questions sent a shiver of recognition through Castiel's body and he had to close his eyes for a moment to quiet the loudness of his emotions.
Something warm curling in his chest made him so disgusted with himself that he almost lost his grip another time.
with this third life of his, after he'd found his ultimate goal just as stale as the rest of it all?
sweet, Jack-inclusive short stories.
"It's safest if we all stick together now," Dean shrugged while covering Sam with one of the blankets. "And it's colder than a witch's tit in a brass bra up there."
"One wrong move," the torturer said and scratched the blade along Rowena's throat to create a thin, superficial trickle of blood. "And I'll cut her throat right through! She might be dead, but she can still feel pain." He grinned. "She will know agony."
"Right," he said, looking straight at her in a way that made her think her thoughts weren't soundproof in the slightest. "I'm sure it is."
A feeling of pride blossomed in Sam's chest to see Jack consider the same question he himself had, to still ponder morality despite everything they had been through recently.
tell him anything. I miss Dean, and Sam... and Cas. So much."
Castiel must have done...
Jack sensed something. The ground trembled.
field, only to return to it right after, Sam no longer resisted the urge to reach over the board and shove Dean, who didn't seem bothered one bit to continue chuckling from the ground. It was near impossible for Sam's brain to unite this lighthearted version of his brother with the person they had found in the dungeon yesterday. Dean was acting as if they had already succeeded, as if failing wasn't even a possibility, as if the people they had lost were waiting for them just around the corner. The contrast to his own inner turmoil was grating.
"Sam, we're in a wee bit of a hurry, here."
"Is Crowley the name you used as King of Hell?"
Blackness.
Twigs crunching under the soles of Dean's shoes, Castiel ran further into the darkness of the woods. After a long dash in a straight line, he reached an impenetrable section of underbrush, thorny coils posing a threat to Dean's clothing and skin. He exhaled shakily and stopped, unsure where to go from here, which direction Jack would have chosen.
. He was certain that Dean had seen it because Castiel heard his breath hitch.
Dean chose to ignore the offer. Of course he did. Eyes narrowed warily, he heaved himself up, revealing his bloodied neck in the process. Castiel had to suppress the reflex to reach out and heal him without permission.
The gates swung open to reveal the throne room, now tinged in red from the window above that marked the change of rulership over Hell. Rowena stood the moment her eyes fell on them, the haste in her movement betraying her, even though her face gave nothing away. She watched Dean enter in silence, then Sam, then Jack, her gaze lingering on the open gate as if she was expecting someone else to follow.
Letting the tips of his fingers glide over the dusty surface of some discarded boxes, he realized how much he'd
"What are you saying?"
"Wait a second," Sam prodded further. "So this is where the portal opened? Rowena said something about a weak spot near the portal, and a vortex of some—"
"Apologies, I—," he scrambled for words. Dean's eyes scanned his face once more, moving up and down in the slightest flick of eyelids. Castiel met his gaze openly. "Please believe me when I say that I mean you no harm."
Drain!
Time had lost its meaning in this fortress of memory. He didn't know if he had re-lived every single choice he regretted for minutes or decades now. A whispered string of a thought told him that it would continue for longer, so much longer. That this was only just the start. That he would repent for eternity. That he deserved nothing less.
"Feel the molecules the water consists of, the small parts that make up the whole. Feel them around you. Feel them inside of you."
"So Moose has gone vegetarian. Can't say I'm surprised."
"Could use some ham," Roderick added.
With a grunt, he pulled the mattress out of the double bed. Far too exhausted to carry the mattress in a proper way, he unceremoniously shoved it through the hallway and down the stairs with little care for any interior decoration messed up by the rough treatment. Not like the owners would complain. Not like any of it truly mattered.
"Ley?" he asked doubtfully, the beginnings of a headache forming in the front of his skull. "I'm not... is this about the farm?"
She seemed slightly taken aback at that request. "You must be joking, Sam. If you truly want your initiation into life magic of the highest tier
"Well... nothing is what it was two days ago," he agreed, talking more quietly now that they were leaving the palace and its grating noise behind. A twinge of loss flared up sharply in his chest at the thought of who he'd been with two days ago.
"All right," Sam finally conceded and Dean's shoulders sank in a breath of relief.
The additional group of guards they had heard earlier appeared from around the corner, paying them no heed in their straight run towards the torture chamber. The second they were out of sight, Sam turned to beckon for Rowena to follow him, but she was already right behind him, close enough for him to feel her breath against his collarbone.
